Cas’s silence just about does him in. “Look, I did what I had to do. It was the easiest way to make sure that Sam had food. I used that money to buy him new clothes when he’d grow out of the them every six months. I used it to keep us inside, no matter how shitty the motel.”
Cas breathes a sigh of relief loud enough for Dean to hear. “Good. That’s so good, Dean. Thank you.”
Around the throne room, nervous energy fills the air along with panicked whispers. “Of course not,” Dean smiles, hoping to head off the royal tantrum. “I will happily join you until you give me leave to return home.”
Cas nods and extends his hand. As his hand is gripped tight, John introduces himself. “I hear that we have a lot to thank you for.”
He can see the fear in Dean’s eyes. His fingers, laced between Cas’s, are shaking. “I would have regretted not telling you sooner that I love you.”
Frantic, mewling breaths gasp out whenever they change angles. Cas has both hands fisted in Dean’s short hair, holding him in place as he slips inside. With his very recent stretching and loosening, Cas can easily take the slight burn of Dean pushing through his rim, especially since Dean’s always incredibly slick with precome. Cas is certain that it has to do with his other form, but now isn’t the time to mention it. He’s just going to appreciate the thick lubrication as his sweet beast of a man takes him.
“Here, let me help.” Dean joins him with the retrieval. When they are done, he asks, “Do you paint?”
“I’d like to open you up more, but you know I can’t deny you,” Cas kisses the base of his neck as he teases his tip against Dean’s wet, clenching hole.
Dean sighs and drops gentle kisses along his shoulders. “I was so scared, Cas. I’ve never been so terrified. I would have gladly traded places with you just so I wouldn’t have to feel that fear of the unknown. Sam wouldn’t have intentionally harmed you unless you tried to harm him first, but there were so many variables, so many things that could go wrong. I was helpless. You were ten feet from me, and it might have been a million miles. I couldn’t watch you get hurt, Cas. I would have gone berserk."
A trickle of sweat drips in Dean’s hairline and a wave of nausea floods him with a damp chill. No. Don’t say it. Please, don’t say it.
The prince often worries that his experience with Dean is going to sour his predilection for bondage. He loves the twitching of muscles, the trembling restraint; knowing he controls even the basest desires of his partner. Art and skill combining to render another body incapable of working against his will. More than anything, he craves the shaking desperation he can bring them to, when they can do nothing but beg to touch him. Now, though, jangling chains drag him out of the lovely reminiscence.
“Honestly, I completely forgot about it. If I had remembered, I would have confessed to it when I came clean to you last week.”
Dean fights with every cell in his body to get on top of the pleasure. He can’t lose this challenge now. He’s been thinking of nothing but getting Cas buried inside of him since he first sank to his knees in the kitchen.
Castiel’s friend returns to the other side of the bed with a fresh orange pull-over. Castiel gingerly lifts the ruined one over his head and replaces it. Dean barely has a chance to glimpse the ink covering the hard lines of muscle before it is hidden again. He stands, looming over Dean now on the rolling stool. Dean stands as well, needing to level the playing field.
Knowing that they would likely be having sex at some point on this sailing trip, Cas had stashed lube in his pants pocket, so he retrieves it and slowly makes his way back to Dean. The position he’s in reminds him of the first time he sank into his perfect ass.
His voice sweeter, Cas makes one more demand. “If we do this, we are monogamous. I don’t share, and I don’t take risks.”
He doesn’t want someone to make room for him so that he isn’t alone. He can’t deal with being the third, fourth, or eleventh wheel again. He refuses to tag along with other people’s lives. He wants to live his own.
Cas allows him to revisit the event over and over again, his patience never wavering. Finally, Dean relents and admits defeat. Cas sweetly reminds him that some ideas cannot be swayed no matter how they might change the world for the better. After that, Cas drives their travels while Dean learns to read the practically infinite number of historical possibilities.
It sounds like he is trying to will his words into being believed, even though the crack in his voice on the word ‘nothing’ hurts Jimmy to hear.
Cas rants as he takes Dean’s position and gropes around the dirty tube. Dean doesn’t answer the rhetorical questions, just listens to him. He can’t say that he hasn’t thought the same thing a time or two. There’s hiding something and then there’s this bizarre goose chase.
“Pull your cock out of yourself, pet, or you’re about to be double penetrated,” his Dom warns. There’s a second where time slows down. Their eyes lock and they both freeze.
Cas releases his throbbing dick with a teasing caress down the shaft that makes Dean moan. “That’s much better, my darling pet. Perhaps I should put you in a restraint to keep this lesson on your mind, hmm?”
“Are you coming home for the regatta this year?” John asks of Dean, breaking Mary out of her reverie.
Jo and Ellen helped him launch his little boat filled with his sparse belongings wrapped in waterproof skins. He also packed some things that he found to be essential. He had missed very few modern conveniences while living with Dean, but he had missed his modern razor on a daily basis. A few volumes of stories and poetry, two very nice bottles of bourbon, a high quality world map, and a box of map pins also made their way into his laden vessel.
“Most of it is a mental barrier. You aren’t used to something getting to the back of your mouth. Slide me along your tongue so that you feel where I am and breathe through your nose.”
Dean laughs with an adoring smile for his supposedly tough boyfriend. “I don’t know whether that is philosophical as hell, or the cheesiest pun I’ve ever heard.”
Wiggling his way out from under Cas, Dean kneels up on the bed and looks his fill. The feathers don’t look the same. It’s like he’s seeing the shadows of the wings rather than the actual wings themselves. He reaches out to touch, but stops himself.
As Dean explains their surroundings, Cas can’t help reaching out to make contact with him. As soon as he touches one of Dean’s arms, the rest of them wind around him, stroking and sucking along his skin in an almost loving way. Cas tries to give all of his tentacles equal attention, but it becomes impossible to even recognize which ones he’s already touched when they are all in constant motion.
Dean is pacing and running his hands over his face. “No, I asked. Besides, you’re not him, right? I don’t have any reason to object to you being straight, or married, or anything at all because you’re nothing to me.”
“I’m not just going to let you take it. I’m not going to sit back and let you steal what’s mine.” Cas screams in the man’s face, face red with rage and breath panting.
Over the years, Cas became the enforcer of their little gaggle of miscreants. He was the one that wouldn’t hesitate to throw a punch or wield a knife, whether it was necessary or not. The locals gave him a wide berth; they treated him with respect. Dean may not realize it, but by being seen in Cas’s company, he had protection that most would pay good money for. No one in this neighborhood would dare fuck with what belonged to Cas. Except, in this case, it looked like Cas might be the one who belonged to Dean.
“No offense, sir, but when was the last time you held him in your arms? When was the last time he spoke to you of his deepest fears and his most outrageous dreams?”
Jimmy stares into his eyes, and Dean’s heart begs his arms to pull him in and console him. He can’t. He can’t scare him off. He could be in real danger and Dean can’t get sidelined before he can figure it out.
“I can’t believe that he would do that to you. We’ve been friends our whole lives, and I’ve never seen this side of him.”
Dean offers his hand across the table. “It isn’t weak to rely on each other, Cas. It’s one of the benefits we have as true mates. None of these people around us have the ability to draw strength and contentment from their partners like we do.”
“What? What do you mean?” The pearl-clutching is a bit over the top, but Cas tries to remain calm. There is so much anger percolating to the surface, though, now that he is in front of someone he can blame.
Dean’s eyes don’t know where to land. He never wants to look away from Cas. He would willingly spend every remaining moment indirectly experiencing life reflected on Cas’s face. On the other hand, the embarrassment of riches laying open and vulnerable calls to him.
Cas rubs over the skin to sooth it, but adds four more random slaps across his ass. None of them are taking it easy on him, so by the time the fifth one lands, Dean is arching his back to get away from the pain.
“Cas,” Dean keens, his hands dropped into his hair to tug, letting the pain offset the incredible, breath-taking pleasure. “Perfect. Oh, fuck. So good.”
“Absolutely. I’d love to cover you in them.” Cas can’t see the flush in his face because of the tie, but it carries down to his chest.
Dean watches his gears turning. This is something that Cas wants. He’s practically salivating. Dean just has to figure out how to make it happen without him balking at the price tag.
He wants to run into their home, but he needs to be smart. If he’s taken unaware, if Bart has set another trap for him, he won’t be able to protect Cas.
When Dean tries to push back in, he meets resistance. He starts to back off but Cas tells him to keep pushing. Cas closes his eyes and breathes out again. Suddenly, the resistance gives.
When that was clear, Uriel let out a breath but didn’t offer an apology.  He left Castiel in the hallway, among the distant rush of footsteps, the steadily beeping monitors, and the indistinguishable voice sounding over the speakers.
He helped Mary out of the car and up the walkway toward the house.  Her weight against him was warm and comforting as he supported her every step.  When a chilled gust of wind blew, he pulled her coat closer around her to protect her from the cold.
Castiel wondered if they should banish him to another room.  “Dean!” he said again, not really caring if Gabriel heard him that time.  In truth, part of him thought it wouldn’t matter.  This was a fool’s hope.
In the end, it was Dean who asked a question.  He knocked back a sip of his beer and continued to glower at Castiel as though he didn’t trust him.  But there was something else in his eyes, too.  A kind of curiosity.  “You never answered my question, you know?  From yesterday.”
He wiped Dean’s stomach off with the sheet.  It wasn’t perfect, and it smeared the come around more than anything else, but it would have to do.
Castiel looked down at his hands folded on the table in front of him.  He wanted to ask Dean more about his car—not because he had any interest in cars, but because he had an interest in Dean.  He wanted to ask him if he fixed cars for a living, and what made him choose that profession.  He wanted to ask him if he’d gone to college, and what he studied there.  Hell, he wanted to ask Dean what his favorite color was.
Strangely, however, Castiel trusted him not to do any of those things.  And perhaps that was why he continued his tirade.
He hadn’t even known why he was crying.  It was for Mary, yes.  It was for Mildred Baker.  It was for all the people he’d watched die.  It was for Anna.
Castiel told himself it was a normal question.  He’d answered it hundreds of times.  He recited, “The patient orders a plastic hood and a tank of nitrogen gas.  Once the hood is placed over the patient’s head and the gas is turned on, the patient becomes unconscious with thirty to sixty seconds.  In twenty to thirty minutes, the patient passes away.  It’s painless and completely humane.”
“Yes, yes,” she said with a wave of her hand.  “I haven’t changed my mind.  No use in me waiting until I can’t speak and need help getting out of bed in the morning.”  She sighed, and it rattled slightly.  Her eyes turned to the fiery sunset over the horizon outside the window.  “No.  I’ve had a good life.  I’m ready.”
They paused again at the door, locking eyes before Dean reached out and opened it for him.  Castiel grabbed his coat off the rack and shrugged into it.
There was a bow to his legs, Castiel noticed, even though he tried not to.  He focused on Mary and Sam and opened the file folder.
Sam paused.  And then, “You sure?”  He asked it as if he hadn’t called Castiel for this specific reason.  And, no, Castiel wasn’t sure, but he knew Sam was relying on him—in a way, so was Dean—and he couldn’t let them down.
Dean narrows his gaze. “Is that right? I’m just that transparent, am I? I’ll bet you had a good laugh at the guy that was completely awestruck by you.”
Dean’s tension is coming back. His grip is tighter and he’s agitated. “Do you want to talk about it, Dean?”
“That’s a little over a month away. It’s better than I thought,” Dean admits. It’s not enough time, but it will never be enough.
Her words sound as if she is offering him a bargain; a better outcome. It is actually a warning if not an overt threat. If he hopes to protect Dean and keep him whole through this season that they are stuck here, it is necessary to make Dean into the perfect slave.
Cas knew that the man’s experience was limited, but hearing how sheltered he has been, how unsatisfying his sex life has been, makes him want to lay Dean out on a bed and make love to him for hours. He wants to worship his body, introduce him to every pleasure he knows, take him apart and build him back up until he knows his worth without question.
Shit. His idiot brother has sacrificed his safety once again to catch a supernatural creature. He bends forward, resting his hands on his knees to help catch his breath after the chase. After working with Dean for the past five years, Sam shouldn’t really be surprised. It’s his brother’s modus operandi, after all. Still, this is the most ridiculous risk he’s taken.
Cas wakes while it is still daylight, but it won’t be for long. The shadows are elongated in the living room, especially those of the tall wall of windows, whose individual frames are bisecting everything in the room, including Dean. He’s laying on his stomach on the couch, his softest silk boxers pulled down below his swollen cheeks.
Dean obeys and sees a man’s face in the crowd turned up toward them. He’s leaning against a lamppost, obviously planning to be there a while. With a high-pitched whine, Dean barks out, “Oh fuck!”
Cas runs hands up Dean’s fit thighs and settles them with a squeeze along his waist. “I wish we had time to indulge ourselves, but our flight leaves in two hours. We’re barely going to make it as it is.”
After Bart’s death, he was called before their council to answer for his actions. Based on his story and the previous complaint against Bart, they had let the matter go. They still wanted to discuss the matter with Cas, but Dean couldn’t get him out of the cave, let alone in front of a council leagues away underwater. Finally, one of the members agreed to come to them and have a more informal chat.
There aren’t many patrons at the El Arroyo at two in the afternoon, which is good because Dean isn’t sure that he can contain his excitement. Every minute that he waits is eternal torture. Finally, Cas arrives, but he can’t get ahead of himself. Jimmy still doesn’t understand.
With the first knock on the door, they are off and running. Mary and John come in first, and Mary busies herself plating and bringing dishes to the table while Cas hands John a drink. He gives it a sniff and an intense scowl. He mumbles about not drinking a ‘fruity’ drink, but tasting it must change his mind dramatically, because he’s back for another in just minutes.
If he was smart, he would change tactics. He would stop antagonizing him and start appealing to whatever sense of decency he might possess. He just can’t force anything other than vitriol past his lips.
She watches him pace, anger at his temper tantrum sneaking into her voice. “Castiel, I have never in my life taken on an untalented artist as a protege, and I certainly wouldn’t let them down easily if they created work that was sub par.”
In the same movement, his surroundings warp, twist, and he falls...back into his chair at the library. He’s back in the green-tinted fluorescent lighting, smelling the musty books and nothing else. He braces his hands on the table, trying to calm his heaving breath. Looking around him frantically, he tries to comprehend what happened. The violent shift in his environment is short-circuiting his brain. Was it a dream? Had he fallen asleep?
If he lets Dean control the scenario, perhaps he can play a little without negative consequences. Cas leans back on his hands with his legs straightened in front of him. It is the least threatening posture he can imagine. “What are you willing to give, băiat dulce?”
“We are roommates, Dean. We are healthy men with needs. Isn’t it easier to take care of those needs when they arise rather than try to hide them away?”
Cas shushes him, but Dean keeps trying to change his mind. He’s grabbing for him relentlessly, promising all manner of impossibilities if only Cas will let him stay.
Dean expects Cas to be comfortable with his nakedness, but the graceful way he lounges and watches Dean approach, almost sprawled against the pool edge, sends a shiver of awareness down the man’s spine.
At the crestfallen look overtaking Dean’s face, he hurriedly completes his thought. “But I’m willing, Dean. I’m open to it if you don’t mind teaching me.”
“I was looking for my birth certificate and important documents. I couldn’t find any of it. Do I not have a passport?”
“No, not at all. The emotion that I’m getting from it is that you’re protective of the moment, like I’m something you cherish.”
Once again, Dean wonders at the absolute conviction in his voice. How can he be so sure? They barely know each other. How can he know that Dean is worthy of his protection, his confidence, his friendship? It makes Dean sit up straighter, be more present in the moment. He wants nothing more than to deserve Cas’s trust.
“I honestly don’t know. I only know of a few others who have found their Par Animus, and it isn’t something that they’ve openly discussed. Before today, we’ve only spent a few minutes in each other’s company. This time it has been hours.”
He relents and shifts his cock away from Dean’s prostate when he’s about to become overstimulated. Now that he’s letting Dean come down, Cas watches him collapse into the afterglow. The sated, glassy-eyed smile Dean gives him sends him racing toward his own release. With an evil grin, Cas takes Dean’s cock in hand and starts pumping it in time with his thrusts. “Can you believe that we’ve neglected this beautiful cock?” he teases.
He comes into view in the small opening in the door, and Cas gasps in shock. “Oh, no! Dean. What happened?”
Dean runs his tongue behind his teeth, before going the diplomatic route. “I always look forward to seeing your art.”
Cas shivers and tightens every time his alpha’s fangs run along his neck. They’ve sworn to wait, but Cas doesn’t think Dean has it in him to stop now that he’s this worked up. He shouldn’t have pushed him. He shouldn’t have challenged his husband to make him lose control. Cas can feel the obsession Dean is feeling; the absolute urgency of staking his claim on his mate.
The gold onion domes and beautifully frescoed entrances are impressive, but the interior is magnificent. Gaping at the columns of finely filigreed gold, he lets the crowd dictate his pace and direction.
Jimmy chuckles and continues to the door. Once it’s open, he gestures for Dean to enter. “That’s very clever. Nice word play.”
Dean growls his approval as his fingers dip under the hem of Cas’s shirt. “Fuck, Cas. I love you in thongs. So goddamn sexy.”
Her words hit their target unerringly. They continue to rattle around in Dean’s brain while the rest of the ceremony takes place. Panic eats its way through his mask of indifference and speeds up his heart. At the end of it, Dean can’t remember what was said and what he did other than that he ended up kneeling at Castiel’s feet.
Dean is scowling, his head canted down so that he can’t meet any eyes, but not so much that he loses his peripheral vision. They are entering the large throne room that he first visited when he had his audience with the queen. The Fae bitch that is forcing him into sexual slavery. The malevolent creature that is compelling him to willingly participate in the one thing he has never let himself have.
A huffy laugh bursts out of him. “Uh, not at all. One of my foster dads forced us to make the Christmas and Easter tour. That’s about it. Why?”
Dean kisses him again. “You really are a sweet talker today. Are you trying to butter me up for something?”
Dean nuzzles into Cas’s bearded jaw. “You know that even in the present, slavery isn’t completely eradicated, right? As much as we want to consider ourselves civilized, basic decency sometimes eludes us.”
Making quick work of the belt and button on Cas’s pants, Dean rushes to get his fingers around the half erection that is growing quickly. The velvety foreskin is still covering the head of his cock, so Dean grasps it under the frenulum and runs the tip of his finger around the edge until it slips under. His tongue joins the gentle exploration, bringing moans of pleasure to his ears. He sucks the tender skin into his mouth, wiggling his tongue along the place where the skin connects. It drives Cas wild, and Dean adores hearing him lose control. Bucking up into him, Cas curses.
“I’m going to straddle you and jack off. If you can keep yourself completely still until I come, you win your reward. If you speak or move in any way, you lose.”
Cas hasn’t so much as shifted from his contented spot, huffing warm air against his skin to better lift his scent. Several pairs of eyes seem to recognize his lack of movement with varying levels of curiosity and concern, including the nosy waiter.
Cas hums in agreement as Dean continues licking and nipping his way down. His head leans to the side to keep Dean in his sight. He rubs his thumb over Dean’s cheek, affection focused solely on him.
“I don’t like to drive her in traffic, mostly. If someone hit her, I’d probably end up doing prison time.”
Dean has nothing to disagree with yet. “But the part I find really fascinating? By anyone’s standards, you hardly know each other. A few weeks isn’t long enough to form any kind of strong relationship. But, both of you are willing to do just about anything to protect the other one.”
Dean lets his head drop to the side, and the long expanse of his throat makes Cas salivate. He wants to suck a deep bruise right above the hollow there. He bites his lip instead. As they both race to completion, Cas reaches over to push Dean’s shirt up. Dean drops his hand on top of it, questions and surrender in his eyes. “Don’t want you to come on it.”
Dean raises a brow, and Cas looks sheepish. “I know what I said. I was lashing out. I don’t want to do this alone. I need you.”
“Hey!” Dean’s aggression surfaces in a rush as he insinuates himself between Cas and the opportunistic Fae who had been reaching to touch Cas’s wings.
“I’m glad,” Cas replies, just as his knees connect with the bed and he sits back heavily. Dean doesn’t give him a second of reprieve. He’s kneeling in front of him, opening the zipper of his pants and leaning in to get his mouth on Cas in the span of a heart beat.
“It’s something that I planned to talk to you about once we got back home depending on if you you wanted to continue our relationship.”
Once Meg, the kitchen servant, settles the tray on the teak table, Dean starts to unload the dishes. Cas lets out a disapproving tut and waves him away to the small couch. When he sets the tray down on the low table next to Dean, he reaches for the silver lids.
Dean kisses his temple, “I’m not going anywhere, Cas. Whether I buy this place or stay in my current job and apartment, you are the one I want to be with. You’re the one I can’t wait to see at the end of the day. I don’t care if you don’t have two quarters to your name; I want you.”
Dean swallows hard and the eyes on him narrow. Dean feels a palm slide to the front of his pants and cradle his now completely erect dick. He sucks in a breath as Cas speaks.
“I don’t like being away from you, either, but I think it’s safer if we don’t travel together until we find a way out from under the Roman’s goons.”
Dean is a specimen under a microscope. All eyes drift in his direction, holding on every visible inch of his skin. And that would be all of them; every last one. He isn’t sure why Cas asked him to go to the event nude, what he could possibly get out of it. But, Cas asked, and if it’s in his capabilities to provide, he will always say yes to him.
Dean’s jaw sets defensively and after looking back and forth between the brothers, Cas interjects, “Yes, at least until next Beltane.”
Cas is still in the Council Room hours later, reviewing policy changes that Alex wants to implement to stave off some of the most egregious Russian influence. They must be careful diplomatically so as not to offend their ‘overlords’, but must retain authority over their people. It is a delicate balancing act, so he is the right person to oversee the wording and the timing. Alex is a great leader in many ways, but subtlety is not among them.
* Assume that the present year is 2002. It's the only way I could make everything work. If you want to pretend it's today, bring a healthy dose of suspension of disbelief.
Grinning, Dean admits, “Sweetheart, you don’t ever have to beg me. The only reason you had to ask twice was I wanted to be sure you know what you’re asking.
Dean swallows around a lump of dread and lets Cas guide him over to a sitting area; their clothes reappearing on the way. Keeping his hand firmly between both of his, Cas explains, “Dean, we are Par Animus.”
Shit. Cas knows him well enough to know that he’s going to disrupt the easy rapport they’ve had in front of the queen and her court. Cas is going to be forced to do something to get him under control. For not the first time, he wishes that Dean possessed a modicum of self-preservation.
“I hope you mean that figuratively.” Dean’s panting belies his humor. He’s just as affected as Cas. He’s inundated by raw pleasure singing along his nerves. Each stroke of that thick cock sends electric joy, live and delicious, licking over his body.
“So, I showed it to a gallery owner I know who specializes in eclectic art. She raved over the piece and begged to be able to show it to a couple of her patrons.”
While they are talking, Cas goes to the corner of the room and opens the book shelf. He slides a book out of the way and pulls a lever down. A little section of the wall appears to open, and Cas swings it wide. “Gentlemen, this passage will take you down to the back of the stables. I trust that you can find your way from there?”
He has his class with Judith in three days, and he can’t go empty-handed. He can’t. He has to prove that her confidence in him isn’t misguided.
He hates that Cas is right, and he hates that it takes several breaths before he is calm enough to keep talking. “Why are you here, Sam?”
Cas brushes himself off and takes the light back. “You’re handy to have around in a crisis,” he jokes as Dean lays down on his back to better see inside the tube.
“I chose Kir for you because it means leader, just like Dean. It will be on all of your official documents, but I will still call you by your given name. It can be another nick name for all anyone needs to know. You can choose what you wish to be known by.”
Dean takes pity on him, and slides himself off the cock splitting him open. He winces at the tender, abused state of his ass.
“You love my mouth. You love hearing filthy, depraved things come from such a clean-cut guy. Don’t you?”
“Hell, yes,” the angel promises, his eye burning with blue flame. “I would level this entire realm for you.”
He slides his thumb and index finger down under the toes and rubs toward the center. Keeping his voice soft, he shows him more. “This is your neck, your diaphragm, and your solar plexus.”
Dean hangs his head a little in embarrassment. It bothers him that Cas witnessed his error, the departure from his training. Cas leans in to whisper, “I will teach you patience, dorogoy.”
“Yes, that is part of it, too. A good dominant finds what makes their submissive happy, and then they reward them with it often.”
“Pust' prekrasnyy doktor rabotayet v mire.” The words don’t mean anything to Dean, but the tone does. Innuendo and desire, thick and syrupy, drip from every rounded syllable. He can feel it wrapping around his spine and grabbing hold. Red flags wave in his mind, refusing to be ignored. Continuing his repair, Dean allows his eyes to look up again. Searing blue flames meet and hold him - more intense, more dangerous than real fire.
Cas pulls him close and whispers, “Hurry back. If the doctor clears you for sex, I want to spend the day in bed.”
The man leans in closer. “Thank you for that refreshing bit of truth. I’ll return the favor. I don’t want anything more than sex. Your reputation proceeds you, and I would be an idiot not to make an attempt to bed you during our stay.”
Judith returns to her preparation, letting Cas decide his next step. He comes to her a minute later, fidgeting with a sketchbook in his hand. The cast on his other arm looks as if it is hiding a story, but she doesn’t ask for him to explain.
They did make me cry in the end, but only because I am so sad to let go of this world. The ending is only their beginning, though, and it is full of joy.
“See these wires? The little nibble marks? You’ve got mice.” They make significant eye contact as Dean sets the lamp down. Already, he can see the worry crease Jimmy’s brow.
He can feel Cas responding to his pain across their bond, and despite his best efforts, he can’t shut it off. He’s listless and unresponsive. Closing his eyes again, he prays for salvation.
He thinks back to Cas’s question the day before. Is he in a hurry to get back to the life he’s been leading? The easy answer is not even a little bit. Of course, Sam and Bobby are the exceptions to that. But, they could be a part of his life if it changed, too. What would that look like; a normal life? If he wasn’t hunting, he could work for a garage or a bar. Maybe do something else? What else would suit a former hunter? Firefighting? Cop?
“I got your favorite from that Japanese restaurant over here.” Cas tries to twitch a smile into place, but it falls flat.
In a matter of seconds, Dean’s hips are snapping into him; the sounds registering like slaps as they bounce around the rock walls. With every thrust, Cas is filled so beautifully, so perfectly, that it rips the breath from his lungs. His back arches without him being conscious of it. Moans spill from his lips with every pounding stroke.
Dean sighs out the last of his restraint, sagging against Cas’s body. The firmness of his frame catches Dean, bears his weight and his burdens.
Heaving breath is all that they can hear, even louder than the distant waterfall. Dean feels the buzzing tickle of grace run over his skin which he immediately recognizes as Cas’s wings. Not the large pair in front of him, but those that are in another realm. Reaching for them, he is pleasantly surprised that he can feel them. It’s faint, but it brings a gentle smile to his lips.
After a long, decadent dinner, there is music and dancing. Of course, there is also excessive drinking, but Dean is not partaking this evening.
When he cashes the check, he tries to put some of it towards his commissary account, which he knows is running on fumes. They wouldn’t take his money. “Your account is fully-funded,” the worker explains.
“Yes, but you keep everything at school. Research, notes, everything. It had something to do with intellectual property agreements.”
Castiel’s face goes stony. His eyes narrow at Dean. “Silly? Why is it silly to want to give you peace of mind?”
Cas dips a finger into the water and then paints it on Dean’s skin. The color fades swiftly, but Dean grins at Cas’s playfulness. He gathers his own paint and draws a little heart on Cas’s chest. With a huffed out laugh, Cas calls him corny.
In a blink, Cas holds his right arm tucked behind Dean’s back and his left hand pushes against the back of his neck. Dean fights against the hold, but Cas bends him over the desk and pins him there. Dean knew he was strong, but damn! When he tries to lift his chest off the wooden desk, Cas shifts to pin his arm with his torso to free up his hand and pops him soundly on the ass. The crack of his hand echoes in the almost empty room. Dean’s broken moan is almost as loud.
Cas nods his acceptance and turns Dean to switch places with him. Dean immediately drops to his knees and grabs his wrist behind his back. He looks up at Cas with an adoring gaze. He’s the epitome of willing submission, and Cas’s heart almost stops.
Out of the corner of his eye, he sees Dean walk into the kitchen again. He feels a twinge of guilt for how he’s pushing his boyfriend away, but that doesn’t make him look up from the paint he’s laying down with vigorous brush strokes…until he recognizes that Dean isn’t wearing clothes. Not a stitch.
Dean sits down on his bed and waits for Cas to join him. “You asked me if I would want to be your submissive again, and I said yes.”
Biting the corner of his lip, Dean studies him and then shakes his head. “No, let’s do this right. I don’t want to give the queen any reason to separate us.”
Dean pulls his phone out of his bag and scrolls for the number. She digs a receipt out of her purse to copy it down. “His name is Bobby, and he’s a gruff old coot, but he’s all bark.”
“Which is what?” Sam’s face isn’t showing any emotion, but he’s asking questions. Dean prays that is a good sign.
Shrugging while Zala climbs him like a jungle gym, he says, “Kids are great. Their imaginations are amazing and they are entertained by anything.”
When Cas turns to see him approach, Dean’s heart beats frantically. Devastating in deep red silk, his glossy wings on full display; Cas has never looked so untouchable.
“What right do you have to interfere with our punishment?” A vile, nasal voice slithers into his ears. The whip-thin, gray haired ghoul of a man that steps forward has eyes so flat and dead that Dean might as well be looking into the abyss.
This request is not about him, it’s about Dean finding his place. He wouldn’t ask this if he hadn’t thought it through. If he’s learned anything about Dean in these past months, it’s that he doesn’t go off half-cocked. He’s meticulous and detailed with the soul of a philosopher.
Dean watches him leave, his stomach knotting. He is terrified of his feelings for Castiel, but his heart drops at the sadness on the man’s face. He isn’t ready to give up. Tomorrow he will explain himself. He will ask Cas to keep being patient with him.
The youngest member of their platoon might not have been seen. The soldiers might have run past him without looking up. But even as he is berating himself, he knows it to be a falsehood. The young soldier is so green that he would have given himself away. He would have made a sound, he would have been seen, and he would have been captured. Even if the idiot put himself in the worst possible place to avoid capture, Dean couldn’t have left him there dangling like bait. So, instead of maintaining his perfect cover, he went out into the open to help the kid out. Unfortunately, the Wallachian soldiers picked that moment to come around the bend.
At what amounts to the middle of the night, his door clicks and slides open just before Alexei wakes him with a gentle shake. There is a guard standing by outside of his cell, but he is obviously there to assist. Alexei hands him street clothes to put on, and then they are on their way.
Cas is already mesmerized. Dean’s ass is truly his obsession, so he knew he would be taken with this. He just didn’t expect it to affect him quite so quickly.
Dean smiles with gratitude as he slips into the bed and lays down. His eye lids feel like they are weighted, and he struggles to keep them open.
His thoughts drift back to Castiel. The ache in his chest returns tenfold. He feels a longing, a tangible pull towards him that he has never felt before. He looks down, realizing that he is rubbing the hand that touched his dream man. Without intending to, he’s seeking contact with a man that doesn’t exist.
Writer's block is officially gone. Also gone is the sweet interlude I had planned when the boys reunited. They were both very angry and frustrated with each other, so this happened instead.
“Do you know what my experience amounts to, Cas? You’ll get a laugh out of this. I courted a girl from Yorkshire for a few months before I shipped out on my first tour of duty. We never had sex. I lost my virginity to a whore in Spain, and since then, I’ve had a handful of others when the pressure got to be too much. That’s it. That’s the sum total of my experience.”
They barely make it through the door before Dean has Cas in his arms. In one swift motion, he lifts him up and Cas tightens his legs around his waist. He’s shaking with anticipation, drunk with lust. He can’t think of anything except getting rid of everything separating them, especially the clothes keeping him from touching Cas’s skin.
When Castiel can drag air into his lungs again, his sobbing continues. Giving in to this emotional outburst feels like defeat, but he is cracked open and his fear and pain spill out unbidden.
“We’re not fucking today. Or tomorrow. There are a lot of other ways to have sex, and I want to take my time with you. I want to learn everything you like.”
Dean bears down against his fingers and circles his hips. “C’mon, Cas. Quit playing. You just told me that you’re going to fuck me bare and I’m going out of my mind. Please, Cas.”
He knows that Cas is edging him, that his so called punishment is simply part of the process, but damn if it isn’t getting harder and harder to stay on top of the crazy need. Especially now, after Cas sent him into orbit during that blow job turned face fucking. His skin feels over-sensitized, like he has a light sunburn. Every touch feels more intense than it should, and his body is aching for Cas.
“I’m going to take your sight for a while, pet,” he purrs as he tightens the tie behind his head. “I know this isn’t as thorough as an actual blindfold would be, so I’m trusting you not to cheat and try to see anything.”
“No! No, not at all. I just- I just think we might have overlooked some fundamentals because it just happened so organically. You know?”
Cas hasn’t said a word since being seated, his entire focus is on the newspaper he is devouring. The kind man across from him leans in and says quietly, “This is his morning ritual. He has many businesses back in Moscow.”
Cas is left blinking after him as he leaves the room stark naked. He stares until he hears the shower turn on before he grins and gives chase.
Also, I'm interested in taking on a (one and only one) suggested prompt to write a short little piece to get my head away from this and my other WIP for a minute. But, I have no idea where to find them. Suggestions?
Cas wakes up in the late morning. After days of being in the cave, he’s aware of the time based solely on where the light is coming from. This little of it means that it must be close to noon, when the sun is directly overhead and not filtering into the tall cavern.
“I was. As was Grigory.” Alexei jumps in. Cas stops and lunges toward him like a strike of lightning. Alexei’s throat is in his hand before he can react. “You knew that I planned to come back. I confided in you.”
Cas’s eyes go wide with surprise. “I - I don’t understand. We were inside the mountain off the coast, weren’t we?”
Cas grins and plops himself back down in Dean’s lap, this time facing his husband. With teasing touches, he explains, “We have a boat to go back to. I love boats. I want to say a very quick goodbye to everyone and then go spend the night riding your cock as the waves rock us. Doesn’t that sound like fun?”
Dean is going to fucking kill him. He’s out of control, mindless with lust, and still asks permission.
A thrill bubbles up through his chest, igniting every nerve ending in his body simultaneously. He huffs out a whimper and jumps to obey. He is naked in a puddle of discarded clothing in seconds, his breath already coming quick and harsh.
“Fuck, baby. That is amazing,” Dean huffs. He’s still fairly loosened from the inspection, so there’s no painful stretch, just relaxing into the warm slickness of Cas and whatever is in the nectar.
Of course, when he does emerge, Gabe is the first person he sees. He stops in his tracks, guilt twisting his gut to see the state of Gabe’s face and the look of fear he’s being regarded with.
Dean’s posture and attitude are entirely different as he approaches Castiel’s guards this time. He is humble, quiet, and respectful. The dick he now knows as Bartholemew grins knowingly. “Here to beg for his help, are you?”
Cas chuckles as he continues his assault on Dean’s skin. Dean feels the trail of fire wherever his mouth touches. His breathing speeds with every kiss, lick, and bite. Cas leans on one hand while the other awakens every nerve ending it passes in Dean’s chest and abdomen. His touch is electrifying.
Dean moves to adjust into the requested position. Cas pushes down on his shoulders, forcing his stance wider, making him sit back on his heels. “Bine. Chin up. Perfect. This is ready position.”
“I’m not concerned about that. I’m worried about leaving you with Michael and Alexander without a buffer.”
He finds the cast when he raises his hand to touch the stinging spot on his scalp. What the hell happened? He remembers that Dean wasn’t answering his phone, and Cas went to the church to find him. After that, it’s all dark.
Dean’s eyes widen for a moment, then a scornful laugh bubbles up unbidden. “I understand how fucking works, Castiel. There is nothing to explain.”
Dean rubs a hand over his jaw. “Not with any specificity. I’m not a scientist,” he apologizes. “But it had to do with pheromones.”
Even after the rousing speech that convinced them to stay, it wasn’t until he challenged every man to hand to hand combat that their attitudes began to shift. One by one, they tried their hands at besting him. They all fell and fell hard. Dean might have made enemies out of them if they hadn’t gotten so much amusement out of screaming taunts at their fellow guards who were taking their turn. They had all been amazed at the fighting style of the British soldier. He used techniques they had never seen, was calculating and patient while he learned his opponent’s weaknesses, and then struck like a cobra. After the first few wins, word spread throughout the castle. By the time Dean had summarily beaten a dozen guards, half of the staff was watching.
“You mean like asphyxiation? That kind of dangerous?” Dean knows he’s making a valid point, and from Cas’s sigh, he knows it, too. “Dean, I know we’ve already explored a lot of kinks together without setting ground rules, but maybe we should.”
“Oh, I want to,” Dean admits while licking his lips. Cas leans in to taste, hoping for just a hint of the nectar that drugs him with its sweetness.
He’s never heard the word ‘helping’ sound so filthy. Dean relays the story of Cas’s assistance, leaving out anything not PG or better, obviously.
“I don’t want to rush this, but I can’t wait to see you unwrap that lovely cock, Dean. My mouth is watering just imagining it.”
Picking up another towel from the bathroom, Dean fashions his loin cloth and sits opposite the angel with his arms crossed over his chest. “Okay. Enlighten me.”
“That’s fucking amazing!” Dean pulls him back into his arms. “I knew you would take the world by storm.”
He walks back to his room, closes the door with a soft click, and shuts out the world as he turns out the light.
Aimlessly, he walks through the neighborhood that he’s known since he was old enough to pedal his bike. He grew up in a time when kids disappeared together in the morning, and weren’t seen again until they were called in for supper. They were rambunctious, gangly geese on pedaled wings, always trying to lead the rest of the flock towards adventure.
“I know. He still might be…gone. I just can’t not look into it. I have to know, without a doubt, if this guy is Cas.”
Technically, he knew that anal sex was what he asked Dean for, but he hadn’t given the how, what, and where a thought. Well, he’s thinking about it now. While he loves the thought of Dean being inside of him, taking and giving each other this supposedly immense pleasure, he can’t reconcile the idea of someone else having their fingers up his ass. How is that the least bit sexy?
“No, I have no reason to leave.” Such a simple statement, but it bolsters Cas’s crumbling foundation.
After a delicious lunch, Judith asks the ladies to quiet down over their coffee and dessert. She briefly introduces Dean and asks him to say a few words about the SAM Project.
“As it applies to the power dynamics between two people, a submissive person is the one who accommodates the dominant by giving their obedience. Submission is a willing gift, Dean. It takes a great deal of mental and physical strength to deny one’s own will.”
Castiel shuts his eyes and bows his head in shame. He deserves Dean’s anger. It stings to sit and take what the man decides to give him, but he will. When he doesn’t speak, Dean pushes harder.
“I really don’t.” Cas’s voice trembles, and Dean meets his eye. Cas is nervous.  It’s so unlike him, that Dean is immediately called to attention.
Cas has to bite his lip to prevent himself from offering his apartment. It’s not the time or the place to offer to move him in. Dean is looking for a temporary home, a safe haven, a solution to his problem. He is not looking for a romantic entanglement, even if they’ve just spent all weekend playing house together. Although, it is so easy to picture waking up next to Dean for the foreseeable future. He’s terrified by how fast he’s falling.
Dean adjusts his stance, getting ready for the nudge of Cas’s fat cock. At the click of the lamp beside them, his eyes snap to Cas, who leers at him wolfishly. “Have to make sure we’re lit well, sweetheart.”
Closing his eyes and concentrating on Castiel, he puts every bit of longing he can into the thoughts. He visualizes himself in the Globe Theater watching a play. He adds in as many details as he can. The smell of the wood, the murmur of the crowd, the heat of so many bodies.
In addition to the crippling paranoia and hallucinations, he’s also fretting over the supposed friend who helped him at the night club. It’s like a bruise that he can’t stop touching. Was it actually a friend or just a good Samaritan? Benny knows almost all of his friends, so that weeds out a huge number of potentials. The only ones left are work acquaintances, of which only one is gay, and Cas. His heart raced initially when he pictured Cas as his rescuer, but it couldn’t have been him. Benny said that his hands were all over this guy, and there’s no way Cas would have let that happen.
“Yes, I’m sure it was hilarious,” he snaps. Thankfully, his irritation is more than enough to help wilt his insistent dick.
Dean’s bare feet pound through the dense brush, in hot pursuit of his mate. An elated grin is etched on his face as he shoves branches out of his way. Faster and faster, he leaps over felled logs, twists through closely packed tree trunks, and shakes off generations of civilization.
Cas’s heart squeezes. Hearing that fucked out voice begging for release. Goddamn. His head is swimming and his hands tremble.
She can’t help but reach out then and cover his forearm with her hand. She is proud and honored that he is ready to open up to her.
“Oh, baby. Of course not. I can’t wait to live with you.” He has never meant anything quite so earnestly.
Cas figured that would be his response, especially considering his family connections. He has to remain above reproach. His thoughts are interrupted by Dean.
“Yes,” Dean agrees, lust drunk on the slick pooling in his groin. His fangs itch in his gums, but this isn’t a mating need; not at the moment. This is pure desire. He wants to fuck; he needs to fuck. This perfect, willing, needy omega on his cock is his for the taking. His forever.
“Doctor. I remember.” His head tilts to the side and his eyes narrow. “It is a term of respect for combat medics, though, yes?”
Michael Boyar is a dangerous, psychotic motherfucker. He was charged with stalking, raping, and killing two male prostitutes six months ago, so there’s no way he should be standing in the church yard. Cas, Claire, and just about any Southie kid from the streets know that his kills actually number in the dozens. The story goes that his first victim was his half-brother, Luke, when he was just seven years old.
Cas steps closer, taking Dean’s right hand in his. As he speaks, he slides the ring off of his finger and switches it to his left hand.
The lady smiles cheerfully down at him. “You are the loveliest human I have ever seen, Dean. Truly.”
Cas wakes after a few hours of sleep, filled with immense inspiration. Images swarm through his brain, vying for his attention. He pads back out to the kitchen and gets a prepared canvas set up on the easel. Filling his palette with colors, he chooses the brushes and sets to work.
Quietly, Cas continues, “You have never given me any indication that my interest was returned, so I was content to be your comrade in arms. I didn’t think you’d ever let me have you like this, Dean. This is a miracle to me.”
There’s an anxiety creeping up on him, a need to be done with this part already so that Dean can take over. He’s rushing towards something that he doesn’t quite understand.
“Cas, come look at this!” he exclaims. He holds up the perfect sand dollar the size of his palm. He inspects it carefully as Cas gets closer. “I’ve never seen one this big without any chips. Isn’t it gorgeous? It’s empty, too, so we can take it home.”
For weeks, Cas mimics master painters like Rembrandt and Botticelli; he runs through the great eras of art history like a time machine moving in fast forward. He spends an obscene amount of money on canvas and paints, and even starts a credit account at Blick’s. At least once a week, Dean stops by one of their locations to pick something up for his hyper-focused boyfriend.
“Well, we’re in the same boat, then. I could hardly sleep last night, thinking about what you were willing to give me; the things we are going to do.”
He calls her over with a nod of his head. She comes closer, and rests her hand on his shoulder. “What is it, honey?”
Cas chuckles, “That’s an easy one, Dean. You didn’t give me your obedience. Even though I asked you to give me your troubles, there wasn’t any repercussion if you didn’t.”
Remembering Cas is painful enough, but adding these sense memories makes him choke on an unwanted sob that bubbles up out of his chest. There are days when he can’t contain his grief any longer, when it pummels him from the inside, desperate to get out. They were infrequent while he was stationed in Vicenza, but since he’s been back in Cali, they are as regular as Old Faithful.
Dean staggers out into the kitchen the next morning, every movement and sound torturous. He hasn’t been this hungover since the SigEp end of year bash his Sophomore year.
Cas knows what Dean is going to say, what he has to say. He tried to deny that it was coming, but here it is. This is the moment that ends the best thing he’s ever had in his life.
He hums knowingly. “The last we spoke, you assured me that you not only didn’t need my help, but it wasn’t welcome either. Yes?”
Instead, Dean clears his throat and changes the subject. “Are you coming down for dinner on Friday?”
Dean looks up at a nervous waiter who is crouching down behind the sunken couch to speak quietly. “He can’t sleep here.”
Castiel nods in encouragement and repeats his name slowly several more times. No matter how often he tries, the other man can’t get the hang of putting a “t” sound after the “s”.
“Nah, there’s nothing I want from you. With the company you keep? I wouldn’t want to risk catching something.”
Dean hums as he lips capture Castiel’s. He gives light, thankful kisses and then proceeds to show Cas just how appreciative he is.
“I did find out that this Wendigo has been in the area for a long time. The only reason we caught wind of it is that its kill pattern has changed drastically.”
Cas pushes the plug slowly so that it pops through the muscle and slides into place. Cas taps the base of it several times to make Dean squirm. “That will keep your greedy hole full while we move on to other activities.”
“I know, let me think.” Their breathing, rapid and ragged, echoes in the cramped, tiled room with dingy light.
During intermission, Dean stretches and walks around the open air “theater” to try to wake himself up. The play is impossible for him to understand because it isn’t performed in English, and being used as a cock warmer is easiest when he lets his mind go blissfully blank. Otherwise, he’s over-thinking every breath, every movement. It’s tedious that way. He’s much more content to go Zen. But, that Zen is also making him insanely tuned in to Cas’s body. He’s been aroused for the better part of two hours, and he doesn’t think he can handle much more. A devious thought comes to mind. If he’s disobedient in front of the court, perhaps Cas will force him to stop.
Dean chuckles and hands the sword over to the closest guard. Just like that, his mood greatly improves. Cas is his touchstone, his comfort. “Let me start again. To what do I owe the pleasure of your company?”
Cas hums disapproval and turns on the couch to face Dean. His knee brushes the side of his denim-covered ass, but he can’t bring himself to move away. “Since you went for my jugular, your phrase is ‘evacuation route’.”
He knows that there is a way out of this godforsaken hell pit. If there is a way in, there also must be a way out. He just needs to find it. As his breath is fading, a finger slips around a much deeper indention in the rock, and his heart leaps. Could this be it?
They both leave their dishes half full and Dean throws too many euros on the table as he hurries to catch up to Cas.
While on his latest excursion tracking Dean, he saw his posh Back Bay apartment. Wasn’t that a kick in the teeth! He had figured that Dean was financially secure. No one takes on a passion project like his youth training program if they struggle to pay bills. But the brownstone that Dean walked into, just a few blocks away from Boston University, screams old money. Dean is not just secure, he is wealthy. Usually, that would be Cas’s cue to fuck off out of the situation. He figures that the rich have enough advantages; they don’t need his assistance, too.
What does he really want? If he doesn’t let himself think about what anyone else tells him is right or wrong?
Dean must sense the sudden tension in his body because he shifts and murmurs his name. Immediately, Cas shushes him and runs his fingers through his hair. Stretching his arms out briefly, Dean moves his hands through the interior feathers and settles into a new position. Typically, he will seek out a feather or two to rub between his thumb and index finger while he sleeps.
Dean slams the door on his emotions. ‘Lock it up, Winchester!’ he berates himself. Within a few deep breaths, he lifts his head, his face an impassive mask once more. He nods to Cas, who is still scrutinizing him. Dean opens the door to the helicopter and gestures for Cas to enter. When they are settled inside, Cas stops the pilot from starting the engine.
Cas smirks at him, asking in a teasing tone, “A message? Like a code? I think you’ve watched too many movies.”
Fuck, does he want to feel Cas wrapped around his cock. The pressure on his fingers is insane, and it’s been years since he fucked anything but his fist or a willing mouth. He is quite content being a bottom. He loves it, especially with Cas’s huge cock. He’s totally and completely satisfied with their sex life. He can’t deny that he’s wanted this, though. This is the only first of Cas’s that he’s going to get, and damn does his possessive side want some part of his fiance that is only his.
He brings both feet into his lap and sits closer to Dean. “All of that feels really good, doesn’t it?”
Thank you so much, btw. I've been receiving such amazing feedback and commentary on this story. I greatly appreciate it.
Adrian squints at him a moment, and then a look of realization crosses his face. “Oh, no. Nothing is going on.”
“Holy shit,” Dean laughs, rolling his head to lick and kiss Cas’s neck, the only spot he can reach in his current position. “You’ve already ruined me, Cas,” he admits. “I was a goner after the first time. Every time you fuck me just drives another nail in the coffin.”
Cas climbs on the bed behind him, and Dean feels tingling anticipation run down his back. He can’t see Cas and doesn’t know what he has planned. This position leaves him completely at his mercy, ass up and stretched wide. His ass clenches involuntarily and Cas huffs out a ‘tsk’ing sound. “Relax, Dean.”
They order some pizza and Dean makes a quick beer run, happy to be able to drive his beloved Impala after such a long time. Cas is his regular stoic self when they are alone together, and will only answer questions that he wants to.
Dean looks hesitant, as if he isn’t sure if Cas will like it. How could Cas do anything but love it? Dean doesn’t know that it’s one of only a handful of gifts that Cas has ever received, and that fact alone makes it unique and special. On top of that, they’re things he’s always wanted, which means that Dean is paying close attention to him and his interests. That is enough of a present on its own.  When Cas runs his fingers over it, it reminds him of a worn-in baseball glove. The leather is supple and smells divine. “You like it?”
Dean is nervous because this isn’t just any dinner. They have a big announcement to make afterwards. He is giddy with happiness, and it’s been killing him to keep this secret from everyone until now. Cas tends to shut down when he’s nervous or unsure, but tonight Dean is keeping him too busy to fret before everyone arrives.
She shakes her head vehemently. “No, dear. Don’t think of it like that. The wealthy value what costs them dearly. If you want to build a clientele, you must charge extravagant prices.”
“Sorry, what?” he croaks. Dean leans up on his elbow and turns to face him as well as he can with Cas still buried balls-deep. His face goes soft with affection.
As the few other guards traveling with them stretch and swig from their canteens, Cas manages to entice Dean deeper into the cover of trees. Dean can’t let him have his way, not completely. On the other hand, he can’t seem to keep his hands to himself seeing Cas dressed in this outfit. As part of his security plan, he had Cas wear the same uniform as any other Wallachian guard. He finds it fascinating to picture Castiel as a common soldier, one of the thousands that Dean might have met in battle conditions. They might have worked together, fought together, bunked together. Lewd thoughts of what he wanted to do to Cas overlaid his memories of overcrowded tents and long, bleak nights.
He tilts his head back against it, seemingly giving up the chase. He sighs and runs his hand over his still heaving chest. Tweaking a nipple, he juts his hips out away from the hard surface. His hand drifts lower until he takes his erection in a firm grip. Pumping himself to the rhythm of his thrusting hips, Dean looks to be giving in to the needs of his body.
Sam sits back and crosses his arms. That doesn’t fit the timeline. Perhaps other factors intervened and Dean just started working with the guard? Why would the royal family trust him, an accused spy for an allied country, to protect one of their princes? He might not be the crown prince, but he’s definitely in the line of succession. Why would they tell the Navy that he’s a prisoner? Are they forcing him to provide protection?
Alastair’s eyes go wide in panic because he knows what this admission means. Cas doesn’t think he’ll live long enough to hurt him with the information. “Please, Castiel. You know I wouldn’t have hurt him. We were just having some fun.”
“I will give you a cell phone so you can talk to your brother whenever you want. You don’t need to win a bet for that.”
“It’s okay, Dean. I’d rather not get everything at once. Just give me snippets as they come up. It’s easier on my head.”
As he scrubs his skin, he continues his pep talk. He will not destroy his academic career because of this insanity with Cas. He can’t. He’s worked too hard, and he’s too close to the end. Besides, that’s never been his way. He’s never lost himself in relationships; he’s too focused on his future career. This won’t be any different.
Now that Dean is fully participating and holding on to balance him, his arms are free to move. On every thrust back, Dean is snapping his hips up, and the impact is jarring the breath from his lungs, so he can only get one word out at a time. “Yes, Dean. Fuck.”
“Just breathe, sweetheart. Deep and slow.” Dean models the breathing, letting Cas just sink into him and mimic. When he’s cried out and calm, Dean asks, “Feeling better?”
“Of course, myshka.” Cas has to catch his breath. Dean is the loveliest of all God’s creations. He’s sure of it. He settles his hand over Dean’s, enjoying the connection between them. “I could tell you how beautiful you are, how brave and strong, but those things are not what sets you apart. Like you said, there are lots of beautiful men.”
Matei tries to hide the snicker. “Poor baby. You had to endure sleeping late in your royal apartments.”
“Entice you? Hmm. I could remind you that I’m still sloppy and open from you coming inside me earlier. Would that entice you?”
As they approach, the large man notices them and is on instant alert. Cas was right. This is Dean’s roommate. He’s not into the lumberjack type, but Benny is definitely a handsome man. Even in the dark, Cas can see that his eyes are crystal blue and piercing. A frown mars his face and he steps towards them.
“Christ, I sound like a fucking poet,” he had grumbled as he leapt out of the bed and down the steps to put a respectable distance between them. Up until now, he has been able to keep his physical needs in check without concern for privacy. His pallet was on the far side of the large chambers, Castiel hardly woke before noon, and he knew his body well enough to make it quick, if perfunctory. Years of military service had honed that skill as well as his fighting ability.
Looking down to see the still open book, he jumps up to his feet, feeling the immediate need to escape. Shaking hands cram his notebook and phone into his backpack before he practically sprints to the staircase. There’s no way he’s putting himself on an elevator right now.
“Okay, the fisher, Yosemite Sam, WPPP, and a rainbow trout. How in the hell are we supposed to figure out our next step from those clues?”
Dean is salivating like a wild beast at the sight of so much ink. He’s always found tattoos sexy, but Cas’s are next level. They are true art, and Dean desperately yearns to feel all of that skin in his grip and under his tongue. He promised, though. He will have to be content to fill his vision and take the memories with him.
“Dean, Cas needs medical care. We need to get him to the hospital. Will you let them do their job, please?” Dean nods and reluctantly lets go of him with a kiss against his forehead. The paramedics are quick to put a brace on him and get him on the gurney.
He prepares another perfect bite and carefully feeds it to Cas. His breath hitches when his tongue caresses his fingertips, not missing a drop of the treat. Cas holds him by the hips, squeezing involuntarily whenever Dean shifts his hips forward. Dean brings a drunk blackberry to Cas’s lips and lets him bite into it. Juice bursts from its skin, and Dean leans down to lick the errant trickle back up to where it escaped Cas’s mouth. Cas chases the tart sweet nectar into Dean’s mouth, getting lost in the taste and letting his talented tongue spin their desire ever higher.
Cas looks him over, taking in everything. Dean knows what his answer will be when he grins wickedly. “Absolutely not. In fact, you’re wearing too many clothes.”
“Okay. So, what do I need to do?” Cas turns a remarkable shade of magenta as he gestures behind him.
Cas is aware of the bite of the needles, knows that it hurts just as much as he anticipated. The context has changed, though. Discomfort is taking a backseat to the scorching fire that Dean is making him feel. He is devouring his mouth, unyielding in his demand for Cas’s attention and participation. Their mouths move together languidly, but with an intensity that makes promises for what will come later.
“Oh, the museum offers different art classes here. They are all taught by amazing artists, but I can particularly recommend the painting courses. This is where I learned.”
The money is freaking him the fuck out, though. He’d thought that Dean was probably looking for an old house to be the base camp of his program, not a full warehouse that takes up an entire city block. The one they’re in now is over 23,000 square feet and is selling for the bargain price of $1.9 million.
Dean clears his throat and looks to Cas for guidance. The prince gracefully picks up the conversation, “What is a terrible idea, Dean?”
Dean huffs, but kisses him. He starts to sit up, but comes back for a last kiss. “I will put up with your protectiveness, but only because it’s very sexy.”
When his arms start to shake, the exertion taking its toll, he flops down next to Dean. He grins at Dean. “Are you kidding? You could make a killing in porn. With your beauty and the obscene sounds you make? You’d be a millionaire.”
He can’t read because his head is still throbbing at regular intervals, and it hurts his arm to hold his sketchbook while he draws, so he hardly gets any work done. Meg and his customers are obviously understanding about time tables, but he’s just so bored.
“You only get to play that card two more times, young man. Choose them wisely. I’m going to the store and then to that Indian place you like. Okay?”
Dean pulls out as soon as the first streak of creamy come erupts from him, replacing his cock with his fingers so he can lick up every drop of come as it escapes him. Cas is mesmerized by the erotic sight of his come gushing from around Dean’s lips, as he languidly licks and sucks along his length. Droplets fall on Dean’s lips and Cas moans at the sight.
Dean’s grin gets wider as he pushes Cas into the other wall of the narrow hall. “My, my, how you’ve changed your tune, Angel. You were almost begging me to stay with you the last time we were alone together.”
Dean waits, gut twisting as the seconds pass. He’s never wanted to influence a decision so urgently, never prayed with such fervor. Please, his lips beg silently. His eyes close in supplication.
Cas chuckles and plants his hands on Dean’s waist, holding him firmly. He looks up into that perfect face now creased with worry.
“The physician warned that you should only eat a little bit at a time to prevent you from getting sick. You need to let your stomach get used to the rich foods slowly.”
“You aren’t wrong, though. I am different with him. He makes me so fucking happy that I can’t believe it’s real most of the time.”
Dean sucks in a cleansing breath and agrees with a brilliant smile on his face. The metal is warm from Cas’s hands, which seems just perfect.
Dean whimpers as he goes horizontal, holding on to Cas with insistence. “Stay,” he whispers, as if Cas would go anywhere with him in this predicament.
Cas cards fingers through his hair, gazing down into his upturned guileless face. “You have to be completely still. No movement at all. Understand?”
Dean lifts enough to let Cas get his swollen cock tucked into the crease of his ass. Using his own hand to guide him in, he sinks down, taking Cas as deep as he can get him. “Oh, fuck. Yes. That’s just what I needed.”
“No, you told me not to watch you when you were asleep,” he said.  “You were very specific.  You said it was creepy to stare at someone when they were unconscious.”
He was sitting up now, and caught it with a grunt.  “Dean, is this really…  I mean, you’re not actually bothered that Cass has feelings for you, right?”
“And you are beautiful,” Cass said, taking his hand away.  “I have to get to work.  I will see you later,” he said, giving Dean a long look before turning to me.  “Sam, it was good to see you.”
I was thinking about what I’d done.  After I told Cass that he was my person.  That strange, impulsive action that I couldn’t stop thinking about.
“It’s a known side effect of the Rite of Blood,” Cass explained.  “We should just let them sleep it off.”
He studied my face for a moment, too close, and then leaned back, more relaxed.  “You seem… more at peace,” he concluded.
“Dean, I have experimented with human sexuality, and I do not find it fulfilling without a ‘connection’,” he said, making air quotes.  “Maybe someday I will make a ‘connection’ with another being who returns my feelings, but for now I am content without sexual contact.”
“Cass!” I yelled, leaping to my feet and rushing to where he was falling.  It didn’t make any sense really, but I had to do something.
“I know you well enough to know that feelings make you uncomfortable,” he said.  “Especially things you have no experience with.”
Cass leaned back more comfortably in his seat, rolling up his sleeves to his elbows.  He’d been taking off the trench coat and the suit jacket more and more often lately.  “Sam said the same thing, but I didn’t know that kitchens were a place for sexual intercourse.”
“She was a black haired beauty with big dark eyes,” I continued to sing.  “And points all her own, sitting way up high.”
“Cass, come on, you mean to tell me that you still haven’t figured out the art of the sexual innuendo?”
“Don’t get him started,” Dean grumbled at me, because apparently he was the only one who could use phrases that Cass didn’t understand.
“Hand job,” I agreed, sliding my hand down his chest to his belly and resting it there flat.  “Start there, and then, you know, see what we want to be penetrating later on.”
“I’m sorry, Dean, but humanity decided to go another wa-” he started to say, but I couldn’t take it anymore and hugged him like I should have hugged him when we were both alive.  His arms clung around me, and it was like some kind of circle had been completed.
There were many such messages.  Years and years of little glowy messages, and all I’d gotten was a ‘I didn’t mean to bother you’ and an abrupt exit.
Blue eyes sucked me in.  “You’re being avoidant,” he said.  “Anyway, when Jack pulled me out of the Empty, my vessel was destroyed-”
“Let’s practice,” I decided, tearing myself away from him and putting the marbles back on the board.
“Mellie, Wee Dean, lovely of you to orchestrate this reunion,” she said, passing by them and pinching Junior on the cheek before slapping Mellie on the butt.
“Eileen’s drunk as shit, and it’s working for her,” I pointed out, passing one of the glasses to him.  “Come on, man, don’t make me drink alone.”
“That should sound ominous, but it’s weirdly comforting,” he said, scrunching up his face in confusion.
Cass’s descent slowed.  There was another gust of wind, and it slowed further, but he was almost to the ground now.
“Hey, Dean picks the music, Cass shuts his cakehole,” I said, shuffling through some more of Cass’s tapes.  “What’s this one?  It doesn’t have a track listing, it just says, ‘Dean’.”
The tension seemed to drain, and I could feel Cass smiling again.  Then he shocked the hell out of me and started to sing along with me.
“I treasure your face, as I do every other part of you,” he informed Dean, touching his cheek briefly.  “I apologize if I overshared, but Sam is the first person I have been able to express my newfound joy to.”
Rowena chuckled at that, and suddenly she was pinning me down with her sharp gaze.  “Dean Winchester, it seems the rumors that you’ve been acting a right twat might be true.”
And sometimes I would hear a sound that made me think of the fluttering of wings, and I would feel a warmth like the hand currently pressed to my shoulder.  Those nights I would fall right to sleep, no tossing and turning, no nightmares, and I would wake up feeling… okay.
“Wait, so Lisa… and Ben… they can, they can just remember it all now?” I asked incredulously.  “All the shit I put them through?  They come to heaven, where they’re supposed to find eternal peace, and they can just remember…?”
“Yeah, okay, but the look on your face,” Sam explained, holding up Junior’s weird hologram phone and showing the picture of my mortified-looking face as I held the offending ‘burger’ away from me.
Sam shrugged, clearly jealous that his progeny had accomplished something he never even dreamed possible.
He was cocooning me in his wings.  It felt like the touch of his hand, sparks of electricity surrounding my entire body.
“Well, this has been great, but it’s time we headed home,” Sam said.  He was looking at me and Cass with this weird, soft expression.
“How could you do that?” I asked, closing my eyes more tightly.  “How could you just throw everything away like that-”
Cass’s hand chased after me, resting on my knee.  “I’ll tell you however many times you want me to.”
We all stood in the garage, staring at the monstrosity that these hunters dared to call a ‘car’.  It was some froufrou, electric-powered nonsense, and there was no way I was getting in that thing.
We got through a few more tracks that had me really thinking this wasn’t an album for a middle-aged white guy, but then out of nowhere there was a country song blasting through the speakers and Cass had gone quiet, touching my arm.  “Listen,” was all he said.
At some point I glanced over at Cass, and he was looking at me softly, smiling like a creep.  He immediately looked away when he realized he’d been caught.
Dean hummed a pleased noise, kissed him on the cheek, then slowly disentangled himself and went to sit at the table across from me.
“Oh, Sammy, Sammy, Sammy,” I said, shuffling the cards and dealing them.  “Crying.  At a Celine Dion concert?”
“I thought we would be going to the cemetery, why the hospital?” Sam asked as we pulled into the parking lot.
“Yeah,” I said.  “I wanna know how it makes things any different.  What is it that you want that you can’t have?”
He looked surprised, but then he smiled again, so I figure that was a good enough olive branch for the time being.
You can listen to Castiel’s full C46 mixtape ‘A Mixtape of Various Female Artists Made by Castiel for Dean as a Means of Edification’ on
“Well, you are an angel, so it’s kind of your job to answer prayers and all that,” I muttered, wishing he would just drop the subject.
“You know what we should do?” Cass said suddenly, like he hadn’t just joined everyone in taking a shit on me.
.  We were trying to re-learn how to be together as a family.  And we weren’t very good at it.  But we were
and both done this very awkward ‘crying but not crying’ thing with tears streaming down our faces.  By the time we got to
alive.  There’s a friggin’ Dean Winchester out there, hunting on weekends and then going home to his family.  They’re not all part of some fucked up cosmic game, and that makes up for all the shitty tofu burgers in the world.”
“Her person is Dr. Wang,” he said, eyes flitting around like he was searching a database in his head.  “The person who understands her without having to say anything.  The person who she would… call if she murdered someone and needed help dragging the body across the living room floor.”
I don’t know how long I walked, but I finally couldn’t walk anymore and I sat on the ground, dropping my face into my hands.
“Fixing your hair, making sure your clothing lies just right…” he explained.  “Then it is off to the bar, a few drinks, a few well-placed aw-shucks country boy smiles-”
I curled our fingers together, something that was becoming like a habit lately, and cradled his hand to my chest.
He picked up his shot glass when I did, and downed it.  He wrinkled his nose at the burn and set the glass back down.
The front door of the car opened and Cass slid in, leaning over the seat and putting a cup of hot coffee in my hands.
“Why don’t we practice together to get ready for next time?” I suggested, thumbing over the rough stubble on his cheek.
My addled mind was still struggling to work its way through that one as Cass sat next to me again.  “Cass.”
I shook my head.  My eyes flicked to his lips.  “Just ’cause.”  I pulled away from him, sitting back in my seat.
“…sure…?” I said, not really sure at all.  Angels who thought food just tasted like molecules did not in general good chefs make.
He didn’t say anything, though, so I wasn’t going to say anything either.  Talking about things didn’t fix them.
“Pretty classic, right?” he said, and he looked so fucking happy that I couldn’t even continue being a dick to him.
Me and Cass sat on the hood of the Impala, drinking beers while Black Sabbath blasted through the speakers.
At some point Dad came over to get a beer, only to find that the cooler was empty.  “How are we supposed to get anything done?” he muttered, moving off towards the house.
was.  But I felt okay not putting a label on it.  I just wanted to feel it.  “I like being near you.”
“Really, Charlie?” I asked, continuing to look at her like she was crazy.  “You’re the one who said it was great if me and Cass are best friends.”
Ozzy Osbourne’s voice cut out, and suddenly the night was quiet.  It was only a moment, and then Joni Mitchell’s acoustic guitar kicked in.
“Angels have no gender,” he explained.  “We have taken to equating ourselves with the gender of our frequently used vessels in order to accommodate your human languages which require such explanation, but Enochian has no gender-specific pronouns.  I myself have always used vessels of either gender.”
“Uh, yeah,” I said.  “The guys offs himself in front of my face and then doesn’t have the decency to pop in and say, ‘hey, I’m alive, it all worked out in the end’?”
“Maybe the joke is that I didn’t do anything at all,” I said with a shrug.  I was lying, of course, but that was part of the prank.  The not knowing.
“Castiel, will you be joining us or remain sulking in the corner?” she asked, flashing him a bright smile.
Cass drew up beside me, and I gave him a Look before sliding my arm around his shoulder again and moving to join the others.
Then the song ended, and I could hear Cass’s faraway-sounding voice in the back of the recording.  “
I fell completely silent, turning my eyes to the ground so I didn’t have to meet Sam’s intense stare.
“I’m good, Cass,” I said, and I was pretty sure that I was.  Probably.  No idea what the fuck was going on, but I felt good.  Lighter.
“Because movies…” he repeated, blinking slowly, then letting his head drop back against the couch tiredly.  “Because movies.”
“We’re probably just gonna be doing car stuff all day,” Dean said, taking a drink.  “Might be boring for you.”
He was just suddenly there beside me.  “Hello, Dean,” he said, his expression… soft?  Was he actually…
He nodded back, looking away again.  He finally remembered the coffee in his hands and took a slow sip.
“It’s part of the male bonding experience,” Cass said, his face lighting up from my brother’s attention.
“Uh, they’re just songs,” I said, wondering how it was that dead guys could blush.  “Really friggin’ awesome songs, but just songs.”
“Temeluchus felt the cage closing in on him and used his last strength to blast me off the roof,” he explained, unable to support himself and collapsing back into me.
Eileen just shrugged, like winning Hungry, Hungry Hippos was some kind of great accomplishment that only she was talented enough to achieve.
“About thirty years’ worth,” he said.  “Then Sam gave me his old iPod so I stopped adding to the collection, besides your mixtapes.”
I think I wanted to lodge a protest, but he was kissing me with all his enthusiasm and technique again, and then there was nothing to complain about.
I held my hand out to him and he placed it into my waiting hand.  I felt the warmth of his fingertips, then held up the tape for inspection.  “You really like Bowie, huh?”
He looked weirdly defenseless, and I want to reach over and flick him on the nose or mess up his hair or…
Cass turned to me, his hand still gripping mine.  “Dean, you can tell me what you’re thinking instead of keeping it all hidden away inside.”
“Dean, I can’t control myself,” he said, shaking his head.  “Earlier when you were slightly intoxicated, I took advantage of your state to be close to you.”
Our eyes met, and I found my hand cupping his jaw, thumbing along the scruff there.  “You’re my person,” I whispered brokenly.
Eileen was near the fire, talking to Jody, while Claire, Kaia, Alex, and Patience were playing badminton on the lawn, with Missouri as the scorekeeper.  Then there was Donna, Stevie, Charlie, and Apocalypse World Charlie, trying to make s’mores.
I flopped back on the couch, burger in hand, and I really did feel okay despite the shitshow of the last few days.  I took a bite, my eyes closing in ecstasy.
“It is,” he said.  “Dean, you are in heaven.  You are free from the shackles of the world to just be happy, whatever that means to you.”
“I… I don’t know,” he said, sounding thoughtful.  “I guess sometimes the poets’ lyrics make me think of you, and I… I don’t like those kinds of songs.”
“If you do not mind,” he said, looking at me uncomfortably and holding his body stiffly, trying to keep himself as far away from me as possible.
“You can’t just dismiss it like that when you’ve barely even tried,” I said, shaking my head.  “Look-” I started and froze, the synapses in my brain finally firing.  “Wait, I’m the person you love.”
“Yeah, but…” I started to say, hesitating.  “Claire just… always reminded me a lot of me, you know?  Didn’t know if she would…”
“Slow it down there, killer,” she said, patting my back until there was no longer pie stuck in my windpipe.  “So…?”
“Just listen, all right?” I said, taking a deep breath.  “You were right.  I wasn’t… I’m not comfortable.  With your feelings.”
I stood up, looking around me.  It felt good to be home again.  “I’ll tell you all about it at family dinner.”
I didn’t know why everyone had to act like it was a big deal that I liked to be close to my best friend lately.  They could think whatever they wanted, though.  I ducked in a little closer so he could hear me over all the noise.  “How was work?”
“It’s fine, Cass,” I said, reaching over and pulling out the tape.  This time I shut the glove box properly.
“Uh, that’s not true,” I said, looking at him incredulously.  “I am extremely cool, I have excellent taste, and you like
Cass didn’t say anything, so I didn’t either, and I went back to watching the very strange shenanigans of the three fully adult children I’d played some small part in bringing into this world.
Sometimes I would catch Cass watching me instead of the screen, an amused look on his face.  I would elbow him sharply and redirect him to the very important action happening on the screen.
“But Dr. Sexy is not her person,” he said, his brow creased as he slowly worked through his thoughts.
“You’re an angel, Cass, you’re not supposed to play favorites,” I scolded him, looking away quickly.
“You are in heaven,” he said to me.  “You are supposed to be experiencing the ultimate form of contentment.”
The game that followed was vicious, and Sam and I just hit our levers absently while our eyes went between Eileen and Cass, then back to each other to exchange bemused but slightly frightened looks.
“Yeah, we’re gonna go,” Sam said, putting an arm around her shoulder and guiding her towards the door.
“Uh, hi, um, I’m your... brother?  Half-brother?” Junior said, rubbing at the back of his neck nervously.
I looked over at my idiot angel driving one handed while shaking his hips and something inside of me broke.  I was laughing so hard that tears were coming out.  “Please stop,” I begged him, throwing an arm over him to try and stop those rhythm-less movements.
“Good morning, Dean,” Cass said, turning towards him enough to be able to press a kiss to his forehead.  “Sam is here.”
“This is actually hell, right?” Sam commented from the backseat.  “I mean, we’ve all been to literal hell, and it wasn’t this bad, right?”
“No, Dean, I…” he trailed off.  “I’m sorry, sometimes I just think about things too much.  I see more than is there.”
“Of course, then he would plug his phone in and make us listen to old crap like Deathcab For Cutie…” Junior continued.
“Later, okay?” I said.  “After everyone goes to sleep like Sammy here,” I said, nodding my head towards my passed out brother sleeping on my shoulder.
“There’s this angel Sandalphon who Cass put us in contact with,” Sam continued, ignoring me.  “He’s the one who taught Dean Enochian.  He’s kind of Dean’s Cass.”
Dad wasn’t stupid.  Just because Dean hadn’t told him didn’t mean that he didn’t know.  But it still sent a message, and Dad was receiving it loud and clear.
“Holy shit, this is boring,” I decided after about three minutes of sitting in my little candlelit circle.  I opened Cass’s phone and started scrolling through his texts with Junior.  It was completely uninteresting, but also pissed me off.
He huffed out an offended-sounding noise, but he seemed to be fine and dandy snuggling back into me like a little puppy.
“Anywhere’s fine,” Mellie said, smiling at me cheerfully as she wiped her hands clean on a motel towel.
“Cass, don’t get all sappy on me,” I grumbled.  “I thought you were starting to develop pretty good taste in music.”
Sam was in the kitchen, heating something up, while Junior and Claire were both slumped at the table, looking miserable.
“Cass, we talked about this,” I said, trying to sound irritated.  My hand absently moved to support him, cupping his jaw.  “No watching over me without me knowing.”
“Look, I’m sorry, okay?” I offered.  “I was an asshole.  I assumed that you were avoiding me, when clearly you were doing the opposite.  And I can’t put into words how much I appreciate what you’ve done for Sammy and Junior.  So what is the issue?”
“I really connected with the words the prepubescent boy was singing,” he said, practically glowing as he spoke.  “You… Dean, you know me so well.  That song.  It’s exactly how I feel.”
“Dad had all your old tapes in the Impala,” Junior said, drumming his fingers against the console.  “We used to just drive and drive, listening to them on repeat.”
“That is also true,” I agreed.  “Sammy certainly has the longest, thickest imaginable stick up his ass, but he occasionally knows how to pull it out and let his hair down.”
“Cass!” Sam said, and then there was even more unnecessary hugging.  He squeezed Cass tightly, and when he let him go, he turned an expectant glance at me.
“I’m teasing you,” I said gently.  I arched my neck a little to kiss his forehead, then slowly trailed down his nose until I found his lips again.  Cass had technique and enthusiasm, but I had experience, which I decided to put to good use.
We ended up sliding down the wall, slowing down into something easier as Cass straddled my lap, caressing my lips with his.
“It was not successful,” Cass agreed.  “You know, now that I think of it, memory loss is also one of the side effects of the ritual.”
Cass drew up beside me, and when we’d reached a little grassy area that he deemed as the correct spot, we started setting up the candles and drawing sigils.
“Yeah, I noticed you liked that one,” I said, remembering the way his brow furrowed with confusion as he asked, ‘
All of these hunters were really married with kids and yards and day jobs, and it was so completely foreign to me.
“Yes, really,” he said, his nose scrunching up like I was offending him with my disbelief.  “Every song told a story about you and your history, about your parents, about Sam…”
“Well, instead of going to see you, Cass was here on earth with me, helping Eileen keep me together.”
I was quiet, but I couldn’t guarantee that I was listening.  “What is the point of sampling?” I grumbled.  “Come up with your own music.”
“Clean up your damn trenchcoat,” I said irritably, still trying to recover from the annoying proximity of him.  That
All the tracks from Castiel's mixtape can be found in the main playlist, or listen to the C90 mixtape ‘Dean’ separately on
“Do you even have songs like that?” I asked.  I didn’t really know what he listened to when I wasn’t around that would take him in that direction.
I leaned back against my headrest, chuckling.  “Eileen is so cool, how did she ever end up with my dorky brother?”
“Dean does like antiquated movies,” Cass agreed, nodding his head.  “He especially enjoys watching them obsessively in order to be able to recite the dialogue at times when his conversational skills lack.”
“Mornin’, sunshine,” Dean mumbled, pressing his face into his neck.  Then there were the soft, very unmistakable sounds of lips against skin.
Dean’s expression was still bordering on hateful, but there was something almost hopeful in his eyes.  “You get what I’m saying, right?” he asked, his voice tight.
“Hey, who better to get those angels in line than the number one rule-breaking rebel of heaven?” I teased him.
He turned his head a little to squint at me.  “Are you parodying the words of sitcom housewives upon the return of their husbands?”
“She changed a lot after Kaia came back,” Sam put in quickly.  We never lingered too long over that kind of talk, no matter how much heaven had chilled us out.
I shrugged him away and got out of the car.  We were surrounded by forest, so I just started walking.
“Great, Cass, just great, so glad you could be there for him,” I said.  “Can we just move on to the part where you explain why the hell we’re here, and then get us back to friggin’ heaven where we belong?”
“Right?” I agreed.  “What the fuck does us sitting in little circles of candles have to do with battling a pyscho torturer angel?”
“Well, I’ll just go shoot myself in the face now,” Dean muttered, putting his mug in the sink and moving to leave the kitchen.
“Yes, that is the function he currently serves,” he said with a nod.  “Since we’re all here together, I wondered if maybe he would join us if we asked.”
There was a lot to unpack in that.  “It’s not an intrusion,” I grumbled, elbowing him.  “And I prayed to you every night on earth after you…  I prayed every night.”
“Dean, dear, we’re doing a Rite of Blood, not a bloodletting,” she explained.  “Unless that’s what you’re into?”
“I’m sorry, do my feelings not matter as much as your feelings?” I asked, wanting to swallow the words back as soon as they were coming out of my mouth.
“You should rest and recover from all those shots,” he said warmly.  “Maybe we can go for a drive next time.”
“Dean,” he said, his voice going even lower and more growly than usual.  His grip tightened on my hair, feeling almost… forceful.  “This cowardice is unbecoming.”
“Incredibly, let’s go get s’mores,” Claire said, dropping her racket and slapping me on the back on her way towards the bonfire.
“I like them occasionally,” I said, taking my hand back and turning the volume up.  “On a steeeeel horse I riiiide,” I sang along to Bon Jovi.
I stood up, which took more effort than expected, but then I could look down at him.  I put both of my hands on his shoulders.  “I’m not trying to… I’m not…
“I thought Jack didn’t want to come down to earth,” Sam said, but there was a hopeful look cropping up in his puppy dog eyes.
“How would you put it, then?” he asked.  “Because I run it through my head over and over, and the only possible conclusion I can come to is that I am a negative presence in your life.  You bring me so much happiness and joy, Dean, and I want to be that for you, too, but I can’t.  I tried to explain it away as you being uncomfortable about the shift in our relationship, but when I open my eyes and truly look, I can see how much pain and suffering I caused you even before I told you the truth.  I know that I tainted our relationship for you, but it was tainted before-”
“So why are angels and demons working together…?” I asked as Cass arranged the bodies in a row next to the hospital’s looming wall.
Cass looked between them thoughtfully.  “It does seem to be a special occasion,” he decided, swiftly leaning over the table and touching each of their foreheads.
“Um, I am, sir,” he said, shuffling nervously.  He had a large takeout bag in one hand and a cup in the other.
“I’m a human with a human life span,” I said, trying to unclench my fist and failing.  “I was always going to die.  But you…”
“I’m pretty sure everyone thought it was hilarious, Dean,” Sam put in, gesturing between Cass and Junior, who did in fact look like they thought it was hilarious.
He shrugged, a bizarrely human gesture on him.  “If your idea of a good time is watching scantily clad women struggling to pay their bills while dealing with issues of paternal abandonment-”
Something inside of me unclenched.  I knew that what had only felt like a few days to me had been weeks for Cass.  Maybe we were both just… nervous…
“I think that’s lovely,” Cass said, carefully returning the tapes to the glove box.  His hand hesitated for a moment.  “So they’re not just one band…?”
“You’ve tried to kiss him?!” Charlie marveled.  “Damn, okay, Dean-o, things are actually progressing here.”
“If you kissed me right now, I wouldn’t be happy,” he said.  “I wouldn’t be happy, because I wouldn’t know if you were doing it because you wanted to, or if you were doing it because you wanted to make me happy.  Because you felt like you owed me something.  Which, to be clear, you do not.”
“So you completed your journey of self-discovery and are ready to wrap up this chick flick?” I asked.
“How much more okay do I need to be?” I asked, rolling my eyes and reclaiming my hand as I took a drink.
“I mean you exchange romantic mixtapes and he goes around to all your friends forcing them to bring you pies because he’s too busy with work to babysit you himself…”
“You coming, Uncle Dean?” Junior asked, leaning out the window and giving me a shit-eating grin worthy of the Winchester name.
Dean leaned his head back, his eyes practically rolling up into his head.  “You and me are doing another cooking lesson.”
Jody was next with a pie, then Bobby and Rufus came over with beer, and Mom and Dad came over with Scrabble and Winchester Surprise.
Kaia got in a nice hit that popped cleanly over the net and came straight back down, but I was already on the move, ready to send it back over.
It took a while, days or months (I never really understood how time worked in heaven), but when I was ready, I said, “I want to see Lisa.”
“What the hell, Sammy?” I grumbled, staring at the once-familiar wall of the dungeon in front of us.
“Hm?” he said, looking away from the window to face me.  “Oh, I just wanted to see you.  I hope that’s okay.”
“Hey, Grandpa, think you can sub in for Alex without breaking a hip?” Claire called, gesturing with her badminton racket at me.
“That’s just my nickname for Castiel,” she said, ignoring the rest of my question.  “It’s an inside joke, and there’s pretty much no one left alive who gets it anymore.”
“I…” he trailed off, looking thoughtful.  “I don’t know how to explain it,” he said, genuinely confused.  “I want to… be near you.  And I want to do things for you.  Like helping Other Dean when he’s in trouble.  I want to… make you happy.”
“It’s not really all the details if it’s the only detail,” Cass said with a shrug.  “I mean, nothing else about our… ‘togetherness’ has changed.”
“You didn’t deserve this,” he whispered through shaking breaths.  “You have the right to be happy.  You
“Yeah, yeah, you wanted me to call,” I said, waving it off.  “You know, you could have just come here yourself directly instead of playing phone tag.”
“Okay, so you wait here,” he said, reaching into his pocket and pulling out some weird-looking glowy orb.
I wanted to crawl inside of him and share a skin.  And I was so drunk, that didn’t sound creepy or weird to me at all.
at me, Sam with those damn puppy dog eyes and Jack and Cass with their creepy yet somehow very effective stares.
I kissed the corner of his mouth, then licked it, enjoying the resulting squirm.  “You wanna take this to the bedroom?”
“Wow, Cass, you figured it out,” I grumbled at him.  “I’m a gigantic pussy who can’t talk about my feelings when I’m sober.”
“Can elderly people drink?” I replied, digging through the fridge and pulling out two tall bottles which were hopefully beer, the brand name unrecognizable to me.
“Okay,” he said, giving me that little smile that was becoming more and more frequent, and resting his head back on my shoulder.
“Shut up,” I muttered, glancing at my cards quickly before putting them back down on the table.  I stretched my arm out along the back of the chair next to me and waited to see what everyone else was going to do.
That was a lot.  I let out a shaky breath.  Why did he fluster me so much, why did he make it impossible to say it clearly?
“Yes, well I had to choose which template of you two to form,” he said.  “I thought the time we spent fathering Jack together when he was a baby was nice, so I went with those bodies.”
I considered telling him to stop calling me ‘sir’, but I kind of liked it.  All of the new angels were weirdly deferential to me.  “So what brings you here, Steven Tyler, Angel of the Lord?”
The thing with heaven was, it wasn’t another life.  It wasn’t a chance to right all the wrongs and figure out the what ifs.  We had to face the life we lived and come to terms with it.
Jack was looking up at me with an expression that resembled awe.  “What about the vegan bacon?” he asked softly, swallowing and trying to smile.
“This body is going to disappear in a few hours, so what do I need sleep for?” I asked, even as I was yawning.
“Dude, you have no idea what you’re talking about,” he grumbled, looking away and fixing his eyes back on the TV.  “You’re the one who likes Winslet’s rack.”
“As you did not typically allow others to drive, I don’t think we really experienced any difference in the transition to driver-less,” Cass said, speaking for the first time.
“Yes, well, he’s family, so sometimes I feel obligated,” Cass agreed, “but if you both prayed to me at the same time, I would definitely ignore him and answer you.”
“I understand,” Cass said.  “I wonder if I would be more interested if sex with the person I love was possible, but since it is not, it all seems rather frivolous.”
“Awesome, thanks, man,” I said.  “Oh, hey, I’ve got one for you, too.”  I turned back to the porch, where Sam was now sitting with Donna.  “Hey, Sammy, toss me my stuff!”
“Don’t roll your eyes, Dean,” he said, because of course he didn’t have to see me to know that I was doing it.  “You slept soundly and comfortably when I served as the ‘larger spoon’.”
I took my eyes off the road and looked him fully in the eye.  “Don’t be stupid,” I said, then fixed my eyes forward again.
“Well, you said it yourself, didn’t you?” I said, frowning at him.  “There’s nothing we can do to fix this.”
I felt a little smile tugging at my lips.  I could respect some Janis Joplin, and the fact that Cass had chosen to open up his mixtape with
“I just don’t see why we couldn’t have summoned Rowena to the bunker,” I said with a shrug.  “Seems like this whole mission could go a lot smoother if we didn’t waste time floating around in these tin cans, getting high on blood rites…”
“Well, all was quiet while you were out,” Claire said, standing up and shifting the orb from hand to hand.  “There was one false alarm on a haunting in Maine, but Dash cleared that up.”
“My deal with the Empty saved your life,” he interrupted me.  “It saved your life so that you could fight another day, because when the world is about to end, I will always place my proverbial bet on Dean Winchester.”
We were usually good at comfortable silence, but there was something lying between us unspoken, straining the silence into something awkward.
“Dude, stop getting yourself so worked up,” I said, thumbing away his tears with my free hand, “and drive the damn car.”
Cass snapped his fingers, clean and put together again.  “I have to get back to work, but this has been mildly amusing,” he said.  “Stay out of trouble, you two,” he said, laughing like that was a funny joke.
“We summon Rowena, she does the Rite of Blood, and that starts preparing your bodies for the final ritual,” Mellie explained as she wrote a sigil on the door in her blood.
Sam and I exchanged baffled looks.  I had to admit, though, that I liked looking down on my shrimpy brother.
“…what?” he rasped out, sounding more human than usual.  Sounding like me when everyone was talking over my head.
“I’ll get you some water,” he said, disappearing into the kitchen.  He moved around with the familiarity of someone who had been in my home many times, pulling a glass from the cupboard and filling it with water before coming back into the living room.  “Drink,” he said, so I took the glass and drank.  “Would you like me to take you to bed?”
“Ah, Lord Byron,” he said, nodding his head.  “His portrayal of my brothers and sisters in his works has always intrigued me.”
“Okay,” he said more confidently, his hand mirroring mine to touch my cheek before straightening up and climbing off the bed.  He put his suit jacket and trenchcoat back on, giving me a little wave before disappearing.
I felt my eyebrows going up at that, but then I decided to just accept his weird quirks of speech and nod my head ‘yes’.
“Yeah, man,” I said.  “Never know when some lovely lady- or uh… dude, uh… might, ya know, walk into your life.”
“Where the hell have you been?” I finally mumbled, looking away.  The last time I’d seen him was in the storage room of the bunker after he pushed me away and disappeared into the Empty.
“Yes, because I didn’t have to think about it,” he explained, frustrated.  “I couldn’t have what I wanted, so I didn’t have to think about your mouth and your eyes and your freckles and your sexy noises!”
“The body will become incapable of housing a soul, but your soul is what is holding the body together, so when the soul is released, the body will return to the earth,” Cass explained.
It was surreal to watch three generations of Winchesters, working and joking around together like it was the most natural thing in the world.
“No, it’s more like scientific… research,” Cass said thoughtfully as he started running his fingertips up and down my arm.
This was certainly a Dean I hadn’t seen in a long time.  Not since we’d… come here.  I wondered what could possibly have gotten him this riled up.
“Oh, I will be sure to give you all the details later,” Cass said, pleased with his attempt at being sardonic.
Fuck, even Sam had reached some sort of reconciliation with Dad, but here I was, never able to move forward.  I looked at my father, who I loved and respected more than anything, who I resented more than anything, and I just didn’t see how that was ever going to change.  No matter how many times we tried to talk things out, we always ended up back in the same place.
“The only dog name you could think of for me was a rabid killer Saint Bernard?” I muttered with a snort.
“The younger angels all come to me to learn about the ancient music of the 1970s and 80s,” he said proudly.
“You knew for months!” I snapped, hitting my fist on the table.  “We could have hit the books, figured something the fuck out-”
“Dean, we need to meet Mellie and Rowena tonight, so we don’t really have time for this,” Sam tried to explain to me logically.
I was starting to wonder what exactly my brother had told my namesake about me.  “I need a beer,” I decided, throwing the dungeon door open and making my way towards the kitchen.
“I’d rather start the spell over than see you get your head bashed in,” I said, crossing my arms over my chest.
“I wasn’t meant to live in this world,” I pushed.  “I wasn’t meant to have a wife and a kid and a yard.  That was never in the cards for me.  I served my purpose, and then-”
I stared between them, confused about a lot of things, but most specifically about what had just come out of my nephew’s mouth.
I leapt to catch it, only to have Claire hold out her hand as it landed effortlessly into her palm.  She tossed her head back in an easy, free laugh.
“Always a great sign when the explosions stop,” I agreed, looking up towards the roof of the hospital as flashing lights caught my eye.  “Something is definitely happening now.”
I just shook my head, unable to look away from the car crash playing out through the glass pane of the door.
“Yes, that supposition was correct,” Cass said, leaning back more comfortably into the passenger seat and loosening his tie.  He’d been doing weird things like that lately; acting more human.
“Oh, Dean, I really enjoyed him,” he said, nodding enthusiastically.  “The one with the space explorer, it was just… I didn’t really understand it, but I could
I thought about closing the distance between us.  About how easy it had been to throw my arm around his shoulder under my father’s penetrating stare.  How the feel of him anchored me.
I felt like a raw nerve.  I reached down, touching my hand to his hair, letting my fingers dig in.  “Stay,” I requested.
‘Hey, can you help us with a demon problem?’ Junior had written, and while he had received no reply, the very next text Junior sent two days later said, ‘thanks for helping us out.’
“I’m sorry, Jack named you Steven Tyler?” I asked, not sure if I should laugh or just feel really proud.
“-intrude, yeah, you said that,” I interrupted him, rolling my eyes.  “Cass, you’re not an intrusion, you’re family.”
Eileen had the same damn look on her face, but then she locked eyes with Cass and started making throat-slashing gestures with her finger.
“A little bit,” he confessed.  “It was nice to think about something else for a while, though, Dean.  Thank you.”
“Oh, no, Cass, it’s totally cool that you decided to move on with your life and never talk to me again.”
“Nothing,” I said, which was swallowed up by Cass’s very loud declaration that, “Dean is uncomfortable with my homosexual feelings towards him.”
I threw the door open, squinting at the man standing there, some angel I’d never seen before.  “Who’s asking?”
“Yeah, okay, unconscious as in asleep, but also unconscious as in having no fucking idea that you’re even there, watching them like a creep.”
“So you and Castiel are at the mixtape exchanging stage of your relationship,” Charlie commented, elbowing me.
“Well, I guess we were talking about our feelings, and then you brought up Cass, so actually, no, I do see where you’re coming from,” Sam decided.
“No, no we weren’t,” I interrupted him.  “Please stop phrasing things in ways that make me sound crazy, thanks.”
I grinned at that, taking a hand off the wheel to squeeze his shoulder.  “I didn’t mean to keep you waiting.”
He tilted his head towards me, giving me a warm smile.  “Sam and Other Dean will have been waiting for us for a while.”
Anyone who had ever talked about someone having the ‘voice of an angel’ had clearly never heard an actual angel sing.  Cass was mostly tone-deaf, though he could occasionally find the melody.
He looked up at me with a soft but sad smile.  “Of course,” he said, taking off my boots and then pushing at my chest gently.
“You’re fine just the way you are, Cass, okay?” I said.  “Yes, you’re an awkward creep, but you’re my awkward creep, and I wouldn’t change you for anything.”
“I will not shut up!” he yelled.  “How many times do I have to say it?  How many times do I have to tell you?  Your soul is not tainted!” he roared at me, his touch becoming hotter, burning through me, seeing through me, exposing my very essence to him.  “You are not a perfect man.  In fact, sometimes you are damn near insufferable.  But you are a righteous man.”
I realized I knew very little about Sam’s life after I died.  I knew that he took a huge step away from hunting and had gotten a day job as a dorky mythology professor, helping hunters more with research than actual hunting.  He’d told me that he hadn’t really raised Junior in the life, just taught him enough to stay safe, which made me wonder.  “So you and Junior got into a lot of angel hijinks?”
Sam leaned his head on my shoulder, which was awkward since he was a giant.  “This just makes me really, really happy.”
“I have my friends and my family,” he continued, leaning in a little closer and trying to maintain eye contact.  “When my work is finished, I can visit with them, go for drives with my best friend.”
He sighed, world-weary, as his eyes met mine.  “Dean, I think we’ve both said all there is to say.  I can’t undo your childhood, son.  We don’t get a do-over.”
“Okay, well as fun as fighting the patriarchy has been, can we go eat some of those s’mores?” Kaia requested, looking at Claire.
“Nah, you’re just on time,” I said, handing him a beer and slinging my arm around the back of his chair.
“Oh, okay,” he said, and I suddenly found myself slammed into the wall, being kissed to within an inch of my life.
“You are my purpose in life, the reason why I walk this earth,” he said.  “What am I to you?  We are not family by blood.  We have no actual ties.”
“It felt good to be told.  And you seem much more peaceful in my presence now, unlike the turbulent storm that you were before.”
We held hands as we made our way out of the living room, Cass’s mixtape still playing softly in the background.  This was all corny as hell, but I found I didn’t care.  Maybe I liked corny.
“Let the bloodletting begin,” I said, holding out my wrists to her, more than happy to change the subject.
“I can say it now,” I said, meeting his gaze.  “The last 10 years of my life…  I didn’t want them.  I hung on for Sammy, but eventually I had to let him go.  I killed myself because I was already dead.”
“Just wanted to hit the road,” I said, eyes fixed forward.  “Figured you might not mind co-piloting.”
I’d been watching Bobby and my Dean talking animatedly over a carburetor, feeling that strong pull of
“It is very obvious when you’ve had sex, Dean,” he said, like he was talking about the weather.  “Elevation in mood, increased winking and eyebrow waggling, excessive cockiness…”
“I don’t know how,” I said, shaking my head.  “I’m not…” I trailed off, feeling more and more relaxed the more Cass’s fingers worked into my neck.
Cass rolled down his window, letting the wind blow against his face as he watched the passing scenery.
Cass shrugged, playing it off like he was just making an observation.  Like he didn’t know exactly what to say to make me laugh.  “I might like chick better than dick,” he decided.
I glanced at Cass, feeling an answering smile tugging on my lips at the way his entire face lit up at the sight of Jack.  I patted him on the shoulder.
I took one of my hands off of the wheel and rested it over his hand.  “Any time, Cass.”  I ignored all the eyes watching me and just squeezed his hand in mine.
She laughed even harder.  “Oh, god, you are precious.  I am the picture of youth and vitality.  You like music from the freaking 1970s and dress like an elderly lumberjack.”
‘Dean Winchester wuz here 2077!’ it declared proudly.  On the back it said, ‘don’t mess with a man’s burgers!’
“Sam was not quite as enthusiastic about the situation,” Cass said, shaking his head.  “At least Eileen thought it was funny.”
“I’m sorry, Sammy,” I said, and my voice cracked.  I swallowed, trying to get it back under control.  “You know I had to go first, you know I couldn’t…”
We all knew that wasn’t true, but I didn’t say anything more, and the next time Cass appeared in my car, he was proudly waving a cassette at me that read in very tiny lettering, ‘
“Cass,” I complained, reaching behind me and fumbling around until I finally found his arm.  He must have been on the very edge of the mattress.  I pulled his arm over me, hugging it to my chest, and promptly passed out.
“I didn’t know I needed this,” Sam said softly, as he, Cass, and I sat on the floor, leaning against the wall and watching the other three arguing about gameplay time limits.
“Well as long as I cannot be by your side, I want you to be surrounded by people who love you,” Cass said with a shrug.  “Should I request fewer baked goods?”
Cass was a terrible person to watch a horror movie with.  His face would always screw up as he prepared to ask constant questions about what was happening.
“You certainly won’t broker any argument from me there,” Rowena said.  “But the real question is, how much of the angel’s dick have you taken?”
As the final credits rolled, Cass continued on his tirade of questions about ‘why this?’ and ‘why that?’, to which I finally concluded, “because
Lisa and I had talked for hours.  Some of it was nice.  Some of it was not-so-nice.  Some of it was plain shit.
We started a new game of Operation, but Cass was the slowest Operation player known to man, so we ended up throwing chips at him and shaking his chair until he accidentally touched the side and got very angry at us for ‘not following the rules’.
Dad’s and my heads both shot in the direction of the interloper who had suddenly appeared in the kitchen with us.
Junior and Cass gave her a proper goodbye while Sam and I mumbled something that might have sounded like human language, and then we were off.
“I am not here for your amusement, Dean,” he told me angrily.  “I am here to push this hippopotamus’s rear and make it consume vast quantities of marbles.”
I don’t know how long I stayed home.  I listened to records and I slept, my body trying to recover from the ridiculous outpouring of emotions that had happened in the Impala.
“Dean Winchester, I did no such thing,” he said, his tone starting to get angrier.  “You are the one who didn’t want me around.”
“You don’t like when people are kind to you,” Cass pointed out, rubbing my neck absently, his fingers pushing lightly into my hair.  It was soothing and familiar.  “You are more comfortable fighting.”
“Something about… the ritual where they extract our blood to bind Temeluchus to the earth…?” he trailed off.
“Um, I guess you’re a hugger,” I said, patting his back awkwardly for a moment before finally just giving in to hugging my only nephew.
It went right through me, vibrating down my spine.  “Enough,” I grumbled, letting go of his hand and shifting my shoulders away from him.
Sam didn’t have the same violent sleep reflexes that I did.  It was comforting to know that he didn’t live like that.
That didn’t really matter to me, though.  We sang as loudly as we wanted, smiling and laughing, and I knew I had my best friend back, like nothing had changed.
Cass appeared in front of me, looking very perplexed.  “You know I do not have a harp, Dean.  In fact, I am a very unskilled musician.”
Mom was with him, shaking her head and muttering about the excessive testosterone out here.  She took a couple of beers over to Bobby and Dean, cracking one open herself and looking at the carburetor.  Then she was pushing up her sleeves and getting in there with the rest of them.
I was scandalized.  “I did not-” and then I thought about it.  “How would you know?” I blustered, deciding to take a different tack.
“I want you to listen to it,” he said, pushing the tape into my hands.  “If this isn’t enough, then…”
“You’re warm,” I said, rolling over and turning my back to him.  I left the other side of the bed open.
Seeing the self-loathing in his eyes, I knew that I had to shut this down immediately.  “Stop,” I said.
The kitchen was actually starting to smell pretty good, which must have awoken the beast.  Dean came trudging into the kitchen, eyes half-closed, and immediately attached himself to Cass, wrapping his arms around his waist from behind and leaning his chin heavily on his shoulder.
There was a loud bustling back in the other room, signaling that the others had finally come up to join us.
“I think I might,” Junior said, looking genuinely perplexed.  “I mean, all these years, and I never once…  But I guess now that I’ve heard it out loud, it’s starting to…  Yeah, I mean, Castiel talks about you a lot.
“Prayer has never been like that between us,” he said, frowning.  “It’s our way of communicating long distance.  I treasure the prayers you send to me.”
Sam and Junior started grinning with Claire, and I knew that they were mocking me somehow, I just wasn’t quite sure how.
I suddenly realized that not only had my pansy-ass longing feelings accidentally called Cass here, but that this had somehow facilitated the first ever meeting between my father and my angel.
“Okay,” I said, because when he looked at me like that I had to believe him, as improbable as it seemed.  “Cass, I…”
“Don’t mind him, Cass, he’s just miffed because Karen complained that he doesn’t look at her the way you look at Dean,” I said, patting the chair next to me.
“The Impala,” he said with a shrug.  “Sometimes Sam and Eileen’s.  Earth bars with some of my siblings.”
There was the sound of movement from Sam’s bed, which was the only warning I got before something crashed into my chest.
The car started to fill with a soft hum, the shadow of wings spreading out behind Cass as his skin glowed with a golden light.
His expression took on a more thoughtful countenance.  “Well, to be happy is to be ‘characterized by well-being and contentment’,” he said, like he was reading from the dictionary.  “Heaven is still a work in progress, but it has been greatly transformed by Jack, and I am able to be a part of that.  I derive great satisfaction from my work.”
I went into the living room, probably smiling like a dope, and set my little care package on the coffee table.  I decided I was in an Aerosmith mood, and quickly dug through my records, looking for
Cass came around from the other side and leaned next to me, trying to see what I was seeing.  “Your insides are so… quiet here.”
I wanted to laugh, but I was also weirdly turned on by Cass’s ridiculous aggressiveness, so I just lay back and enjoyed his ministrations.
Cass seemed to accept that as normal enough, waving back, while Dean looked mortified and turned away.
“On the contrary, those he tortures become his most loyal followers.  Dean, I must continue chanting now.”
“Dig in,” Sam said, going around to the other side of the table and pulling out the chair next to Junior.
“Dean Junior, tell me the truth,” I said, eyes boring into my namesake’s.  “Were you talked into this by your embarrassingly uncreative father who knows nothing of true pranks and hijinks?”
“Might I suggest an evening of booze and bonding?” he asked, sounding oddly upbeat for someone covered in blood.
“More than I really wanted,” Sam said, shaking his head.  “Angels have a thing for Dean for some reason.”
I tilted my head to the side, trying to convey with my eyes that he should stop talking and just go with it.
faded out, I reached over to the cassette player and hit ‘eject’, ready for something different.  I eased Baby into the shoulder out of habit, and started rifling through my cassette collection.  Something out of place caught my eye, and I pulled the tape out, squinting at it.
Cass was sitting in the passenger seat, both coats off and his sleeves rolled up as he gazed out the window.
“You put a scratch on my baby and there’ll be hell to pay,” I said, letting my smile go crooked as I rested my hand on his knee.
“I’ll watch over you tonight, if that’s all right with you,” he said, eyes taking on a questioning look.
“It means you two were funny as shit last night,” Junior explained, and yet it explained nothing at all.
“Tell me what you want,” I said, trying to keep my voice steady as I smoothed an errant curl from his forehead.
“I was right,” he repeated eyes boring into mine.  “The Empty took Billie, you survived, and you figured out a way to defeat Chuck.  And when it was all over, Jack was able to pull me out of the Empty, so I’m asking you, what better possibility was there?  We won, Dean.  We got everything we wanted.  What more could you ask for?”
“I like sprinkles,” he decided, staring very hard at the strawberry donut he was eating.  “They do not seem like they add anything of value, and yet without them, the donut is lesser.”
“Why would he write one ‘R’ correctly and the other one backwards?” he mused, watching Danny write ‘murder’ backwards on the door while holding a knife and chanting ‘red rum’ over and over.
I got up and snuck over to the fridge, pulling out some whipped cream.  Sam had his right arm sprawled out at his side, his hand palm up in such an inviting and welcoming gesture.
It wasn’t a bad trip.  I mean, as far as the Winchesters went, that wasn’t saying much, but we were all
“Sammy, Sammy, Sammy!” I said, hitting the back of Sam’s seat excitedly.  “Is your son a Zeppelin fan?!”
“Yeah, why is the guy who’s immune to alcohol drinking all our beers?” Dean teased, finally coming over to greet Cass now that Dad wasn’t here.
The light seemed to go out of Cass’s eyes, and he reached his hand out, resting it heavily on my shoulder.  “I’m so sorry I wasn’t there,” he said quietly.  “I reached out to you when I could, and I thought you felt me, but…”
“So it was your duty to take care of Sammy and Junior… and Claire… and who the fuck knows who else… but not me?”
“Uh-uh, no way, that doesn’t count,” I protested, mostly because I didn’t want to be a grandpa, either.
There was a whoosh and suddenly Cass was next to me.  “That name is not for your use,” he said with a frown.
“I find great satisfaction in my personal life,” he finally said.  “And I am enjoying my new hobby immensely.”
“I’m hardly the first of us to make a sacrifice to save the world,” he pointed out.  “You were ready to have me lock you in the Ma’lak box and drop you into the ocean not so long ago.”
I was looking at him instead of the sky.  I looked back up, but it was already gone.  “Haven’t you seen a million of them?”
It came down to match point with us trailing by two, but we were ready to make a stunning come-from-behind victory.
“No one cares about your true form,” I said, all blasé even as my mind drifted back to the car, to Cass’s glowing skin and shadowy wings.
“I’m rooting for you two crazy kids, ya know?” she said with a grin, nudging my foot with hers under the table.
“I appreciate that,” Cass said, smiling at him.  “But I’ll come back another time.”  He reached forward, resting his hand on my shoulder.
“No,” Cass repeated more forcefully, one hand bunching up in my shirt as he yanked me forward.  “Stop talking about yourself like that.  You… stop.  You don’t get to turn yourself off and say all these fucked up things to me.”
We were very drunk, and we were playing Operation while listening to Ringo Starr sing about yellow submarines.
I slung my arm around his shoulder and drank my beer, contentedly listening to the haunting sound of Joni Mitchell’s voice.
It wasn’t my job anymore.  I didn’t have to care about the ridiculous rituals and the angel and demon bullshit.  All these life-or-death situations that had once seemed so important just had no consequence for me anymore.
I choked down another sob, but another followed, and another and another, and then I couldn’t stop it anymore.  “Someone like me doesn’t deserve to go to heaven!”
“I wasn’t trying to be philosophical,” I said, turning away, because his head was definitely resting on my shoulder now and he was staring up at me with the most sincere expression on his face.  “Where do you go after work?  Where do you keep all your stuff?  Where do you… I don’t know,
“Sorry,” he said softly.  “I didn’t know that things between you and John were still so… unresolved.”
Sam put his pillow down and seemed to lean forward, straining to see me in the dark.  “Dean, what are you saying?  Have you not seen Cass since he was taken by the Empty?”
“Of course,” I said, making my exit as I didn’t need the details of whatever this all was.  “Later.”
Cass took the seat, looking perplexed but pleased.  “She thinks it’s a good thing?  Because Dean tells me that the way I look at him is creepy and that I should stop, but then his adrenaline releases and his dilated blood vessels rush blood to his face, so then I’m not quite so sure that he means what he says.”
Sam and I sat in the back of the car together the next morning, sunglasses on and blankets wrapped around our shoulders.
“Well, it’s not like I need all the hunting shit in the trunk anymore,” I said with a shrug.  “My car is your car.”
“Do you want to drive?” I asked, squinting at him.  I had the feeling that Cass was just trying to see how much he could get away with.
They both stepped off from the hood smoothly, like they hadn’t been doing anything out of the ordinary.
I took his hand from my knee, turning it over and lacing our fingers together.  I thought that said what I needed to say.
“Oh, I did miss you a teeny weeny bit,” she said, shooting me a flirty smile back, then shoving me backwards on the bed.
“You’re…” I reached for the words that just wouldn’t come.  How could I convey to him how much he meant to me?  “You’re my person,” I finally stumbled out.
“-then you should spend your time in heaven doing that instead of driving around in your Impala with me.”
“All I am saying is that you stopped having a strong interest in such superficial acts, so I do not know why I should have to be interested in them.”
“Rest,” he repeated, pushing me until I was sitting on the mattress.  He bent over to unlace my boots.
“Cass, can we have word?” Dean growled, pushing Cass back inside and closing the porch door.  His voice was slightly muffled by the shut door, but we could still hear him clear enough when he said, “you do not talk to other people about our private business.”
Drunk me and drunk Cass.  Sitting in my kitchen, with our knees touching and my arm across his chair, absorbing the heat of his back.
I wanted things to be right between us again, I just had no idea where to start, and it certainly wasn’t going to happen with Nosy and Nosier sitting in the front.  “Do these joke machines have tunes?” I asked instead.
“You can’t even enjoy the road anymore,” I complained, watching as we passed an endless line of self-driving cars in yet another underground tunnel.  “The open air, your hand on the wheel…”
“I’m sorry, did you just say…” I trailed off, listening intently to the words of the song.  “All of the boys and all of the girls are begging to F.U.C.K. me?!”
“Depends,” I said, trying to keep my smile easy even when I felt my heart start to hammer in my chest.
Cass blinked slowly.  It hadn’t gotten past him either, but he just smiled and took the victory quietly as he slid a plate in front of me and then Dean.
“So there’s not anything we can really do but wait for him to find himself worthy,” he concluded.  “’Cause no matter how much we tell him that he is, he’s not going to take our word for it.”
“We’re not arguing,” I said, feeling my expression soften with affection.  “I’m just saying you don’t have to worry about me.”
“Sitting in the Dean Cave with your right hand and the latest video from Busty Asian Beauties?” Sam suggested.
“Interesting that you mention that, Samuel,” I said.  “Interesting that you mention my known predilection for meat products, when you have schemed here with your son to bring me this faux meat
“Thanks,” Dean said, letting their fingers brush over the mug before finally picking it up and taking a drink.  His nose wrinkled, and he immediately put the mug down.  “Cass, how do you mess up coffee?”
“Thank you,” Dean mumbled, still not sounding quite awake.  Then he tilted his head up and murmured something that was for Cass’s ears only.
There were two squirrels chasing one another up and down a tree, chattering away.  A small fox kit was scampering along the underbrush.
And then he was gone, before I could get a word out, much less give him his tape back.  So I left it in the deck and sang by myself.
“The issue, Dean,” Cass said, still standing over me and looking like he was about to launch into some kind of fatherly lecture, “is that you finally found peace in heaven.”
here?” I clarified, which still got me a blank look.  “You’re not just popping in to check on me, you’re done with your work?”
“Cass, no,” Sam said immediately, at the same time as Junior protested, “we need your help with the spell before we get there.”
“It’s a classic,” he stated very seriously.  Then his off-key voice started to sing, “my love, my darling, I've hungered, hungered for your touch a long, lonely time.  And time goes by so slowly.  And time can do so much.  Are you still mine?  I need your love.  I need your love.  God speed your love to me.”
“Thanks,” I said, catching it and fishing through the pocket for the tape I’d made for Cass.  “The Stones,” I said, handing it to him.
“I already rode around in your abomination of a vehicle all day, and now you’re telling me that I need to eat a… t-to…” I tried to get the word out, but it stuck in my throat.
“We are?” Jack asked, his head tilting to the side and this slow delighted smile spreading across his face.
“Well, first of all, no, I don’t keep track of your potty breaks, and two, no, I don’t really remember much of last night at all, so…”
