Cas’ blue eyes found Dean’s green ones again and he opened his mouth to say something, but before he could he heard the front door open followed by Sam and Gabe’s loud banter about legal principles and the courtroom, this time making Cas’ think better of it and turn away, dropping the subject before he even started it.  Dean frowned slightly, wondering what he was going to say, but not asking either.  He could feel that the air changed now that they weren’t alone and he could bet that neither of them were going to talk as openly about maybe anything in front of their brothers.  Dean gave a silent nod to him instead and Cas smiled softly to Dean for their unspoken communication before he picked up his caramel machi-whatever to take into the living room with him.  Dean lingered in the kitchen a moment longer, letting their brother’s get into the house before doing the same.
“You got it!” He jumped up to leave as Cas grabbed his phone off the bedside table and saw that Meg had already sent him good morning wishes as well.  Not something she did every morning, though neither was Gabriel jumping on his bed. He supposed he didn’t mind the extra support as the two surely knew that this would be a lot harder than sitting behind the piano as he did to sing last week.  That was his safe place. While Gabe did something amazing with the words he wrote and the production was genius, it wasn’t like anything he had ever performed before and he would be lying if he didn’t say he was nervous. He sent some angel emoji’s in response to her purple devil one’s and made her promise that she would be there tonight.
Just as Meg was winding down the song, Cas pushed past his brother and past Sam and Dean as he headed to the exit not looking back. “Jesus Christ,” Gabe said as he scrubbed a hand across his face tiredly. He sighed before shooting Meg a look that could be easily perceived as “hell no” in answer to her audition and grabbed Sam by the sleeve pulling him with him toward the exit. Dean stood for a second still wondering what the fuck just happened as he looked back and forth between the two exiting and Meg who just gave a half amused shrug. Dean couldn’t help but grimace at her as if whatever the hell just happened was her fault. That only seemed to make her amusement grow and she bowed at Dean as if the show and drama she just caused were all some fun game to her.
Balthazar raised his eyebrows expectantly and for a second Castiel’s heart raced. He knew that he was asking, even if he didn’t
“Excuse me, Winchester...” Gabe took a step toward Dean. He was smaller, but the look in his eyes made Dean take a half step back as he neared him. “You may know what it’s like to take care of someone after those you love were tragically ripped away from you, and I don’t pretend to know that experience. But don’t, even for a
Next to Cas now, Dean kept a few inches between them not wanting to make his friend uncomfortable or like he couldn't take no for an answer.
Dean still had his arms crossed as his eyes followed Meg practically glaring at her as she moved across the stage now. The girl was able to make to make Cas smile and laugh just like he could… now she was making him blush openly too. He thought about the way his neck and cheeks turned pink in the bathroom and gave a “hmph” as the song finished suddenly feeling like they were in some sort of competition for his attention.
Something about the tone of his voice made Cas feel like a freak and his skin burned hotter. “Look, I've never had occasion, okay? I’ve kissed before just not…apathetically.” Cas shook his head some as he brought his legs up and hugged his knees. He wondered how he got himself in this position, sitting in the dark with Dean Winchester and talking about kissing like girls at a teenage slumber party.
“We all love and care about you, Castiel.” Gabe said sincerely. “Even Sam and Dean showed up today to make sure you were okay.”
Castiel slipped between the covers just as his phone chimed. In the dark he stretched his arm out to the night stand where it was plugged in and brought it to his face. It was almost three o’clock in the morning and Meg sent a few purple devils and a tongue face with the message “
Gabe’s eyebrows raised. This was different, light, catchy, dare he say cute? And it definitely sounded like something uniquely her own. He put his drink down and leaned forward starting to take her audition seriously.
Of course, Andy, Charlie and Sammy all held their own whistling and cheering and Gabriel took a few bows as the audience eventually settled down. Dean clapped but as the crowd died down took a deep breath.  All there was to do now was wait and see how Cas did.
—that she didn’t believe him. Dean wouldn’t have believed himself either. Walking away with his keys in his hand and his heart at his feet, Dean wondered if this is what it would always feel like. If he would always have to walk away from the place his heart was trying to make into a home. Maybe it was something about being a sunflower. Always tracking the sun throughout the day.
Perhaps that was why Fred never went after Daphne. It had nothing to do with their compatibility nor her attainability. Perhaps it was just because Fred was looking for something else. Daphne lived in a world of ghosts and monsters, and while Fred could never be Fred Jones without his mystery-solving and trap-making, maybe he was holding out for the hope that one day he could have
“Here,” Dean spoke gruffly. “Might as well try your namesake, right?” He turned to his own half of the Castihell wordlessly, sipping on their shared soda as a distraction.
Huffing a surprised laugh, Castiel stood. His hands shook and his knees felt weak. “I’ll… see you soon.” He promised, unfurling his wings and stretching his form before taking flight.
.” He let out in a hot breath, dragging his physical lips across Dean’s cheek and trailing to the bolt of his jaw. “If... if you feel even
Cas’ eyes sparked, smile warming like caramel under the soft motel lights. He squeezed Dean’s hand in return.
seen Jack like this, even when the kid’s body looked older. It was something pure, the way Cas never shied away from any subject.
who made all of this happen can sacrifice his blood to you. Not even when he is at your feet, quivering and begging for that mercy. You have been made a benevolent god for your disciple. All the worship you had received asked you to
Turning to face the shore, Castiel watches with fascination as a small, grey fish heaves itself onto the land. It’s struggling. So small and finite in comparison to the vastness that Castiel has seen come to fruition. It is terribly small, terribly cold, and terribly hungry.
Sam huffed, packing his empty salad dish and used utensils into the bag. “Neither did Marissa. They’re being charged for trespassing.”
“Right,” Marissa waved off the repeated explanation. She finally seemed calm, or at least as calm as she could be. Maybe she had shed all the tears she could. Her body failing her, shriveling dry after it had expunged all of its tears. That Dean knew too well. Hell, maybe that’s why he couldn’t deal with the witnesses. Sometimes they were too close to his own grief.
“She’s kind of a free spirit.” Sam said with a sigh hating that he was being forced to do this in front of everyone. “She comes and goes but when she’s here it’s like she never left.”
“Oh c’mon.” Sam chuckled and looked over, completely amused by his brother's pout. “By the end of the summer you’re going to be sick of small talk. We can save it ‘till later.”
Dean frowned at that some. He knew a lot of people didn’t casually have sex the way that he did but he didn’t know anyone who didn’t like kissing occasionally. “Like…
“Yeah, thanks.” Dean replied only half hearing her. The feeling of control was quickly replaced with something else as his thoughts raced once again consumed by Cas.  All that Dean knew for sure was that he needed to get to the club as fast as he could.
“Hey.” Dean answered simply and turned back onto the main road. He noticed when Cas slid into the seat that he was back to wearing his trench coat and blue tie and he wondered if the look he thought was for the stage was more of an everyday kind of look. Dean didn’t mind but he felt less silly for wearing a button down now instead of the band shirt he had on earlier today.
“Look at this…” Dean started a bit excitedly. “The meanings are on these cards and so you pick the rock with the stuff that you want in your life. I got the Dalmatian Stone when I came in before but I think I’m going to gift it to Sammy when I head back home.”
Dean took another long drink at the realization that he was worried about Cas at all. He didn’t even know him.
Gabriel tilted his head some as he pondered on the fact that there was something that Cas took from their words that he wasn’t upset with.
He went ahead and returned to his side of the booth, but reached across the table to hold Cas’ hands. Even though he knew they would never work out as more than friends, he absolutely loved his best friend and missed him dearly. He was about to ask him to come back with him and be his roommate like they had previously discussed and had even opened his mouth to propose the idea when a thought occurred to him. He stared at Cas for a second and tilted his head trying to process the thought.
Castiel tried to rid the song from his mind, but without any other conversation the lyrics caught him and he wondered for a second if Dean Winchester was more sweet or pain.
… Ruby. Sam scowled and pocketed his phone without sending any answer. He looked over at Gabe who was standing next to Balthazar with his arms crossed as he looked toward the entrance. He hated that Gabriel blamed himself for what Castiel was going through when it was obviously their warped father who had done this to him. Every time that he tried to get close to Gabriel and be there for him this past week the return he got was cold. Whether that was intentional or not, he didn’t know, but he was trying to take a step back and give him the space he needed to get through the family crisis that was currently happening. After all, Gabe didn’t say the break would be forever… just that he needed to take this time to be there for Cas. Completely understandable… but Sam felt like he was to blame anyway. Because maybe if he had the balls to be open about his relationship with Dean, then Gabe wouldn’t have to split his attention between Cas and keeping his secret.
Dean sighed. Chuck knew he was carrying a lot of guilt and the guy was always trying to give him a pass and tell him they were lucky to have him.  But Dean knew the truth. They were all here in this situation because of him. And nothing that anyone said would change that. "G'night, Chuck." He said and waited 'till he was out of the cabin before pulling out a bottle of whiskey he kept in his desk.
“It’s this cool little place I found. I mean… weird. But kind of cool.” Dean tried to explain.  It was weird because he wasn’t into new agey hoodoo voodoo anything.  But there was definitely something interesting about the little shop that he found with all the spells, sage, and spiritual mumbo jumbo.  He didn’t mention it to Sam or anything after finding it so it felt like something in the foreign city that was his own and something about that made him feel good. Even though he didn’t share it with his brother, he was kind of excited about sharing it with Cas now.
On the passenger seat next to him he heard his phone buzz and looked over. Sam’s name along with a goofy picture of him Dean had saved from Snapchat came up on the screen. Sam was always telling him the apps to download and use with him. They had tried Words with Friends but Sam was too smart and Dean sucked at scrabble. They had tried some generic apps for games like checkers and connect four and would be competitive in the beginning before forgetting about them completely. Snap chat was something they did often though and as silly as Dean thought it was, it was a good way to see his brother and keep in touch.
Dean picked up his coffee cup again and took a long drink. Their eyes didn't meet again as Dean was practically looking into his mug as he drank. When Cas finally turned around to tend to his own coffee, Dean physically relaxed with a small sigh of breath not even realizing until then that he was practically holding it while Cas had been staring at him.  And now it was his turn to stare at Cas as he moved about the kitchen taking a little longer to get his coffee ready since he had to grab the cream and sugar, mixing everything until it looked and tasted just right.  With his back to Dean, he didn't know he was being started at, but Dean watched the way moved effortlessly around. His hair was still tousled from sleep, though not much more than how it looked throughout the day. He was a little shorter than Dean and frame just a bit smaller as well but that was too be expected considering Dean worked outside on cars so often and even worked out to keep in shape and muscles toned. His favorite parts of the boy were his striking blue eyes, even though he had felt forced to turn away from them moments ago, and his voice that was just as fucking captivating when he spoke as when he would sing. When the boy was done and turned back to face Dean he buried his face in his cup again and looked off to the side so he wasn't caught gawking at him.
Cas’ eyes began to narrow and Dean moved his head down some trying to catch Cas’ line of vision and hold his focus. When Cas’ eyes flickered up to him he instinctively put his hand out over Cas’ that was still touching the fork. “Hey, it’s okay. We don’t have to talk about your past or the club or anything you don’t want to. Just… talk to me.”
think or feel anything, but this particular night he was thinking about everything and sharing it outloud. Which also, as he remembered, helped send Cas over the edge and forced him to the dark place he was in for the past week. Perfectly demonstrating that he was poison. “Yeah...” he said without looking at him. He couldn’t bring himself to look up with so much guilt on his face. “...and I shouldn’t have done that either. You’re the one who said you don’t kiss casually and I should have never-”
Gabe looked a bit confused as this was not what he had been expecting. He knew that his brother was hanging out with Meg but he hadn’t thought that she was capable of producing something like this.
“Anything else I can get for you?” Castiel jumped at the sound of her voice but Balthazar just released his friend and casually turned to her.
“R-right… on your birthday. After school. My place.” Castiel nodded once, and though the Novak didn’t look at all thrilled about going through with it, Balthazar was absolutely elated. Not so much at the kiss, but that option C never came to pass.
He stopped talking when he saw the front door open and Gabe emerge with another. Not Dean. Not Sam. Him. “What the fuck?” Cas mumbled, making Meg worry her lip and sigh. She had no idea how Gabe thought any of this was going to help. Right before they were in front of the house she made the decision to slam her foot on the gas pedal, making the car squeal for a second before they made their getaway.
“Save it.” Dean interrupted and looked back at the water. “I just stopped to stretch my legs. I know my way back to the street and there was a gas station right next to the turn into this place. I’m sure there’s a phone there I can use.” He threw another rock.
Gabe, master at transitions, asked for another round of applause for his little brother, though the first round had never actually died out.
“Give it back!” More giggles and laughter and it sounded like someone was jumping on the bed before another small crash followed by more fits of giggles.
“Nah, I haven’t seen him since he was on stage. He doesn’t seem to be a big drinker or one for crowds though. He only sits at the bar when we’re closed and rehearsals are going on.”
Sam looked away uncomfortable. They had never talked about any of this before.  Gabriel noticed how uncomfortable he seemed and another laugh came out but this one sounded more like a sob. “I don’t get it. Are you so fucking in the closet that you really have to get high to even think about being with me?”
“Yeah, a shame.” Cas echoed softly before grabbing the bag with the pie in it and wishing his brother goodnight.
Dean Winchester was fucking singing… what was that? Ray Orbinson?  Gabe quietly pressed up to the door listening closer. There was no radio or anything playing, just Dean’s voice and it was more of an impersonation of Orbinson’s singing trying to sound exactly like him which was understandable considering the late singer had such a unique sound.  But his pitch was good and Gabe could hear more of a southern twang that was uniquely Dean.
Castiel was far enough off the path that he heard crickets chirping in the night.  The lights, crew, and girls were a couple hundred yards away and it was a bit peaceful to be so far away from the drama. When he left the set everyone was running around like a chicken with their head cut off trying to find the suitor. Zachariah promised a $500 instant bonus to the one who brought him back “dead or alive.” Cas had rolled his eyes at his boss’s sick and twisted sense of humor.  He still couldn’t believe it when he was told that they hadn’t even got Winchester to sign the contract officially. Evidently this guy was so wishy-washy about this whole thing that when production got close they flew him out here with his promise to sign once they arrived. A fucking promise. Of course Zachariah brought him back after everything that went down last year. They couldn’t even get the suitor to sign a fucking piece of paper without him.
he wanted to kiss and touch him again. And if they could just pretend like nothing happened after that what would be the harm? Nothing messy, nothing to fix or clean up. Everybody’s happy.  He was happy. Saying he was with Ruby was all part of the delusion he was telling himself.
As the chorus began to repeat the crowd got louder with their own singing across the room. A look around and Dean could see that some of the people that chose to stand in the back did so because there was more room to dance back there than where the tables were.  Not that it mattered, the backup singers and dancers were starting to enter the audience and encouraging people to dance.  Dean took this time to gulp down some more of his beer and avoid eye contact.
Dean had just told Sam goodnight, changed into his pajamas and slid into bed feeling both happy and exhausted from another night in of beers and hanging out around the house. Charlie and Andy had come over for dinner and for a little while Dean was too distracted to be constantly checking his phone as they told stories and laughed. At dinner they decided that they would watch Raiders of the Lost Ark and Sam and Charlie had a disagreement about some movie trivia they both thought they were right about. When the debate started getting more heated than friendly, Andy finally looked up the fact on his phone. Dean gave a brief finger drum roll on the table just before the boy announced, “Yes! Indiana Jones was named after George Lucas’ dog.”
Gabriel watched as a loop station, keyboard and computer appeared on the stage. At this point his mouth was hanging open dumb founded that he had no clue what was going on with his own workers and on his own stage.
the way to go.. but he didn't want his words to be mistaken for the want of Cas to put on more of a show complete with artificial moaning and panting. The goal here wasn't
Gabe covered the boy’s mouth and smiled. “You have me, Winchester. Stop apologizing and kiss me.” Sam took a shaky, emotional breath at Gabriel’s words unable to believe that his friend could be so forgiving and loving when he had fucked up so bad. He kissed him before Gabriel remembered the guys waiting on stage for him. “Oh shit. This… more… later?” He asked quickly as he tried to get his thoughts together knowing that would pretty much be harder than it was before now that he would be daydreaming of Sam’s kisses.
When Sam set the beers down he jumped, looking away. “You know he’s right over there, right?” Sam asked, interrupting the three that were bickering, causing them all to turn and stare. Cas blushed at their attention but forced himself to move forward to them.
Just then the server came back with their shots bringing a round for the whole table, only Dean wasn’t back yet.  Castiel looked past the waitress scanning the crowd for him but Charlie grabbed his hand and pulled him lightly. “Sit with us!
Dean looked at the girl, trying not to roll his eyes. "Jane, right?" he asked flatly. She smiled brightly at that while the two girls behind her stayed quiet.
“What? …No.” He dropped a dollar on the floor and bent to pick it up seeing Cas standing behind him as he did.  “Just… here. Keep the change. Bye.” The girl behind the counter looked amused and Cas could tell that Dean was blushing as he grabbed the bag the with his purchase off the counter and turned to leave.  “Let’s go Cas.” Dean mumbled walking past him toward the exit.
“Huh?” he asked almost forgetting that they were escaping to the club based on a lie he had told. “Oh, uh. Flash drive.” He turned to put on his seat belt impressed with his own quick thinking. “So, Zeppelin…” he started and Dean grinned and looked at him with a very obvious
“You know,” Balthazar started as he started to carefully push up on the cork. “You can always ask him if he’s interested. Or if there’s that perfect moment,” he pushed again on the edge a little more forcefully, “where everything is just perfect and you're close. Just go in for the kiss. It might be awkward but it could be fireworks too.”
“Awesome,” Gabe replied simply and watched Dean walk out the door before turning to his brother. “You okay?” he asked as if Dean were some predator who held him up at gun point and forced him to get on the counter with him.
He opened his mouth to ask a question but the doorbell rang indicating that the pizza was here. Figuring they could talk details at dinner, Dean retreated from the kitchen to answer the door.
Dean chewed his lip some as he felt a slight pressure in his chest developed by... something. The story? The guy's voice and how sad he sounded?  He actually wasn't sure. While he wasn't a robot or anything, he didn't experience feelings like this often. How could he when he lived his days in a garage working on cars and basically avoiding people?
He didn’t wait for a reply before dropping the phone on the seat next to him and put the car in reverse to back out of the parking space.  Cas remained quiet as Dean thought about the song again, trying to remember the words now that he knew they had come from Cas and not from Meg as he thought before.  He remembered how fucking sad it was.  And like he was really telling someone off.  He wanted to ask about it but it didn’t seem like a good idea.  A couple of blocks away from the club and his mind was still trying to understand everything that went down tonight.  It didn’t seem like things were adding up and after a few blocks he couldn't resist asking.  “So the whole reason Gabe went after you was because Meg was singing your song for the audition?” he asked skeptically. He could understand Gabe getting pissed at something like that but the rage he saw in the elder Novak’s eyes seemed to be way more personal than that.
Castiel tilted his head, listening to the boys singing about someone not knowing they were beautiful. “This is good?” he yelled back to his friend who was nodding along with the beat by the time the chorus came back around.
Dean tore his eyes away from Cas and settled on the stranger again. Without looking away, he took a step toward Cas again and the guy moved to block him. Just as Dean’s hand tightened into a fist and right before he threw the punch, Cas stepped around the brute and gave him a wink. “I’m good, man. Thanks.” He took Dean’s hand and pulled as Dean watched the dude practically pout as Cas marched him away. That was enough to make him smile as if he had thrown the punch and won.
He scoot out of his seat and slid in on Cas side, hugging him as best he could in the limited area they had. Castiel welcomed it, feeling the weight he had been carrying fall from him like an anchor, and he didn’t even push Balthazar away as he kissed his cheek up to his temple murmuring “I’m so proud of you” into his messy hair.
Dean frowned some feeling a bit dejected as he just shared one of his favorite songs and the guy completely ripped it a part. “So you hated it…” he mumbled.
Suddenly feeling like a specimen being examined under a microscope, Cas blushed softly as he hesitantly raised his arms in the air. Meg’s eyes dragged down and up as a slow yet wicked smile appeared. The shirt crept up high enough that his hip bones were perfectly on display.
Castiel stood in the bathroom a few moments stunned after Dean left the room completely unaware of the game that he and Dean were playing since he was oblivious to the way that he made Dean feel when he was on stage. All that occupied his mind right now was a mix of how the hell he had gotten himself into this situation and how much he had wanted to reach out and touch Dean’s chest or arms or
"Don't be rude," the other said through laughter still. "It would be nice of us to ask him. He is our fearless leader after all."
Just like the first time Dean was here, he spotted Cas off to the side in the shadows of the stage. It was just dark enough that you had to be looking for him to spot him but it was good to know that he had made it this far. He had said a few times he wasn’t sure if he could go through with it.
Gabe didn’t know all the specifics of what got Cas kicked out that day.  It was hard to push Castiel for details when he was still so messed up over everything. But one thing he did know was that Cas was messed up enough that a summer fling with a pretty boy like Dean Winchester could go one of two ways. On one hand, it could be exactly what his little brother needs to let loose, forget the past, and have a good time. On the other hand, it could send him crashing straight back to where he was the day that he arrived. It had taken weeks to get him to come out of his room. A month to even leave the house. And now, a whole three and a half months later, he was just starting to confront everything and start healing… barely.
And that’s how the next days played out.  Sam’s grand tours of the city and hitting his favorite locations were dying down since Dean had seen almost everything. Cas was staying at home working on his music more than leaving the house, and even Gabe was home more now that he only had to be at the club to choreograph and prepare next weeks show and not put together a Cas song from scratch in a few days time. They were almost like regular roommates coming and going as they needed and meeting up for dinners before arguing over what movie they were going to watch.  Luckily no more accidental bathroom walk ins happened and so far Gabriel hadn’t brought up hearing him sing again.  Everything was peaceful in the house.
. He squinted his eyes at the card as he read it out loud. “Angelite carries the energies tied to light, peace, and angel guidance. It inspires speaking your truth and calming anxieties. It ties purity to the spirit, while enhancing creativity. Element, water. Zodiac, Aquarius.”
Castiel thought to himself not sure why Meg didn’t want him to hear her performance.  She had never been shy before. After a couple of his head cocked to one side while he watched his friend perform trying to put his finger on it.
As soon as the show concluded Meg abruptly stood up and walked away from the booth to find her friends.  “I feel so used.” Dean mumbled sarcastically only half teasing.  It was soon decided by Charlie that instead of heading back to the house the crew would hang out at the bar for a bit and continue their drinking. Thirty minutes later and Dean’s head started turning as he looked for Cas. He wasn’t sure what it was about this place that made him feel so nervous when it came to talking to the guy. But at least he was aware of the feeling so he could get in front of it.
Sam gave an awkward laugh but his face looked worried as the two older boys started to go at each other. “Hey now, guys...”
“In your face Winchester!” Charlie hooted bringing the laughter back as it was quickly decided that the punishment for Sam being wrong would be Charlie getting to play with his hair while they watched the movie. Halfway through they had to pause because they were all in fits of laughter when Sam’s finished look reveal was short pigtails that Charlie had put high on his head. Dean insisted he get photos of Sam’s new do. As Sam threw Dean a Blue Steal, Charlie posed like the movie poster of Charlie’s Angels and Andy photobombed the shots with bunny ears and peace signs.”
What Dean didn’t know was that Gabriel had slipped out as quietly as he had entered. He didn’t need to argue with the guy.  Gabriel knew that if he wanted him to sing there was always a way to make it happen.  He just had to find out something Dean would want in exchange. Most people, after all, were moved to do extraordinary things with simple motivators. Money, sex, and power were just naming a few things. If none of those and nothing else worked… hell, there was always room for some mischievous blackmail. He had time to figure it out. Just as he closed the door behind him and headed to the kitchen to start a pot of coffee, Castiel came out of his room, hair messy and eyelids still heavy from waking.
As things went, Dean's nervousness didn't even matter. Not only did Cas hardly speak two words to him in the car despite Dean’s best efforts to make him laugh or even smile, but then upon returning to the house the guy had gone straight back to work in the sound room closing the door behind him without a word.
“Fine. Egg rolls sound alright.” Without any further discussion Dean went to the door to the sound room and knocked loudly in case Cas had headphones on.
“Of course, Castiel.” Sam said softly able to bring down his voice and be sincere as the boy excused himself.  Charlie leaned on Cas for a second with her head tilted to rest on his shoulder while Andy smiled and said, “we love you man,” and left it at that.
When he arrived, broken and penniless, he had stopped writing altogether and in those weeks Gabe was urging his brother to eat rather than write. Now as he walked quietly over to the window he purposely glanced down at the notebook that was open on the desk.  There were doodles and words covering the exposed pages and even though he could tell God was pretty much absent from the writing, Gabe still took it as a win that his brother had returned to something that he had once loved very much.
“Ramble On, All My Love,” Cas paused for a second looking at the next two titles curiously. “Houses of the Holy and Stairway to Heaven,” Cas tilted his head at the sudden religious theme feeling intrigued as he looked up at Dean.
Cas looked down at the list again. “Pinball Wizard?” He asked with a chuckle and a bright smile that Dean knew was rare for the guy but looked so good on him.
Gabriel was surprised that Sam had offered to stay behind and help. Ever since Dean had arrived the two were almost connected at the hip, though he supposed that the longer he stayed the less that would be true as they fell into a more normal routine. Three months would be a long time for someone to spend every waking moment with another person for anyone, even the Winchester brothers who, Gabe knew were very close despite the distance between California and Kansas.
Sighing, Dean’s hands slipped down to rid his body of the jeans. He kicked them off of his legs, listening as they landed heavily on the floor but quickly becoming distracted as his right hand began to trace the shape of his length.
Dean recognized it. Not from the woman in the interview, but from the reflection he had seen in the mirror. In the weeks after Cas had been killed by Lucifer. When Dean had wrapped him in soft, yellow curtains. Placed him on a pyre. Burnt everything he’d ever dreamed of. Watched it go up in smokes, just like his fucking house. Just like
even if silently conveyed and received, reflected in his eyes. Dean felt his heartbeat fasten against his ribs, but the singular fear of letting this go was too much. Even if he couldn’t say it
Sam cleared his throat while he retrieved the creamer, pouring some into his mug before depositing the carton back into the fridge. “How did it go?” He asked carefully, “I mean… did you tell Cas about the anchor thing?”
“Yes,” the strange dude with his strange name and sad eyes looked so much like a sad puppy. And sad puppies were Shaggy’s weakness. “Something like that. I’m afraid after not outright choosing Dean for so long that… that he no longer cares that I
Cas hummed, tilting his head with a nod. “They do, in their youth.” He pressed a kiss to the top of Jack’s head. “But when they mature, the sunflowers learn that they get the most light during the morning hours when the sun has just risen from the East.” Bouncing Jack momentarily and causing the boy to giggle, Cas turned to face Dean. “They just learn what’s healthiest for them. It just takes time.”
When Dean was on the aching side of forty, he watched Castiel hold their four-year-old son to the blooming sunflowers he kept in the backyard. Cas had been enchanted by the
was chosen out of numerous angels and garrisons to retrieve the Righteous Man. He was a good angel. He obeyed orders; he fought fearlessly. He led his Garrison into Hell and carried the Michael Sword out.
talk to Sam about. Not because Sam wouldn’t understand. What with Eileen hanging around the Bunker so often now, Dean was sure Sam
Dean cleared his throat again for good measure, flickering his gaze to Cas. “Nah, I was up. What’s up?”
Instead, they are surviving in the Wilderness to cleanse the disobedience from their line. God’s Will must be followed, unwaveringly. Aaron knew better. So the children starve for the father’s disobedience. It is a test. A test of will.
like a four-year-old. Dean could remember that awkward conversation and Jack attempting to learn about human socialization and sex.
“I know how you feel, Cas.” Dean spoke sharply, perhaps a bit callously. Cas didn’t flinch though. He looked goddamn
Complying, Cas thrust into Dean again. Thrust this physical form in a rhythm, reaching into Dean with searing grace-vines and boring into Dean’s soul with thousands of eyes.
The question must have surprised Dean. The beer he was lightly sipping on sprayed out of his mouth and dribbled on his chin. It should have been unattractive, but Cas was drawn to watching the amber liquid trace Dean’s face.
If Dean thought Sam’s eyes were wide before, they were planets within his skull now. Dean squirmed under his gaze. He
Dean huffed a breath, looking away. Now that Cas could finally look at him, Dean felt it to be unbearable. The book that was cradled in his arm felt too heavy. The weight of Cas’ eyes on him felt too much. But Dean was the weight in this room, wasn’t he? Chaining Cas to Earth so that he might never return to Heaven.
seeing hands when he had glimpsed Cas’ True Form, but he had easily imagined something fitting of slotting against his shoulder to burn that shape into his skin. Couldn’t imagine Cas
Increasing his pace, Dean stopped a few steps short of Cas who pushed himself off of the Impala at their approach.
“Have fun,” Dean quipped, lips tugging up in a smile that felt unreal. Sam looked betrayed by Dean’s lack of response. Keeping his eyes locked with Cas, Dean licked his lips. “We’ll see you when you get
Jack looked sad, wide blue eyes looking from his car to Cas. “It’s got a crack in its chassis. Does that mean it’s not attractive enough for dancing?”
“Sorry,” Abby apologized. “I just overheard you talking to James Claritin Clear over there.” She gestured to the door James had walked out of. “He’s got allergies the size of Montana. Dunno why he settled in
You are not empty. You are no longer starving. You miss him in the rain and in the sun. The same way the builders must have missed Babylon after their own hubris left their altar of knowledge in destruction. You miss him and it aches but the roaring pagan god has had his fill of blood and love and you feel like a ghost haunting a broken altar some days, but some days you are content to miss him. Miss him and remember what it was like to be loved with blood on your hands.
Confused, Castiel slowly nodded. “Yes, but…” he cut his words short, furrowing his brow as he tried to puzzle Jack’s words. “But Dean’s soul and my grace are not what they once were.”
“Yes, Dean.” Cas offered a half-smile, something he knew that humans felt more comfortable seeing stretched across his inhuman face. “Good night.”
, in an oddly disturbing way. That Castiel could see so much of himself within Dean. When first touching Dean’s soul, Castiel had assumed this was because Dean himself was like an angel. Now, though, Castiel could not help but wonder if it were because
—chuckled. “Yeah, we get that a lot.” She leaned on her elbow, pointing up at the sign overhead. “We serve the Castihell every Thursday. It’s our rarest burger on the menu. It’s a double-decker steakburger with pickles, tomatoes, mayo, and served on rye.” Turning back to face them but keeping her weight on her elbow, Abby raised an amused brow. “My uncle—he owns the place—he loved this book series and named the burger after one of the characters. My aunt called it heartburn waiting to happen. Hence the pun.”
Instead, Castiel leads the lambs for the children to slaughter. He leaves sharp rocks and sturdy trees within the Wilderness for them. The children of Israel make it to the Promised Land eventually, though Castiel can recall none of it. He does not recall the Land of Egypt and he does not recall the Wilderness.
Nodding, Dean and Sam made their way to one of the free tables. College kids and elderly couples were spread out periodically through the joint. Dean folded his hands together, blowing out a breath as his leg bounced beneath the table.
,” Sam let out in a breath. “It’s something that even a year ago you’d’ve denied with your dying breath. You’re cutting back on soda and—and you’re sharing drinks with
The bedroom door opened quietly before closing once more with a soft click. Something aching in Dean’s heart settled that Cas hadn’t knocked on the door. Cas always knocked when they were fighting just in case Dean would ever turn him away from their room. As if Dean could ever deny him entry. Sure Dean needed his space, but his space these days
that you drown in. Drown yourself into the sea of divine love and worship. His smile is gummy and wonderful and you offer as much. Your words burn like incense against his skin and his hands return to you like a devout man looking for religion in the quietest pew.
“Hey, Sammy.” He rasped, his voice low and gravel-filled. Dean cleared his throat between his words and Sam’s.
. They just wouldn’t follow his script anymore. And Sam insisted that hunters hadn’t resented them for nearly ending the world twice over. More than that.
“No,” Jack agreed, tilting his head and gathering his thoughts in a single breath. “No, you aren’t the same. Except you are. You’ve… grown, I suppose. But at your hearts, you’re the same.”
—Cas’ instructional voice reminded Dean, he reversed the car slowly out of the odd apartment parking lot. His gaze flickered over to the interior mirror, watching as Cas spoke softly to Jack and the kid bounced his legs. Jack loved car rides, something that Dean could relate to. Sam had made a quip about the kid liking it
Something brews inside the very core of Castiel with these thoughts. He too feels very finite on this shoreline. Terribly cold; terribly hungry. But what are those things? What does it mean to feel cold? Is it the absence of warmth? Or the terror that befalls wings and faces like fresh snowfall? What
—and smiles. In this same moment, he realizes that he has never known hunger. Not truly. For everything he has ever hungered for, Dean has granted him. Free Will.
.” He huffed. “Seems real shitty to lure out your boyfriend to eat him and give us the crocodile tears routine.”
. He was an enigma wrapped in mystery only to be thrown in the deepest, darkest depths so that his secrets might never see light. But Castiel had
Cas raised a brow, lifting his head to watch Dean cautiously. “Of course,” he nodded slowly. “And you, of course.”
Dean’s secrets. He had held the man’s very soul in his hands, putting it together piece by piece. He was nothing that Castiel once thought the Michael Sword should have been.
.” His eyes sparked for a moment as he continued, and it was the liveliest Shaggy had seen the man on their hunt for the ghost. “I have been told that nicknames are means of showing affection, though, so I understand if referring to me as Cas seems too intimate for our newly acquired acquaintanceship.”
Dark hair. Blue eyes. These were things that Dean Winchester found appeasing. Castiel would search for a vessel that the Righteous Man would gaze upon.
It was a cold night in January when it began. Castiel recalled the humans had recently marked the year 1979. The evening was an ordinary one save for the birth of one, small child. Crying, the babe called out for his mother. Like most humans, the babe hungered. Humans milled about before affixing the newborn into the arms of a tired but brightly smiling mother.
“An impala?” Dean gave a breathless laugh once his fingers were out of his mouth, his hand trailing to meet his other hand down his body. “How long has
Sam’s smirk was easy to see, even with Dean looking away, as the smug bastard shoveled forkfuls of salad into his mouth. Cas hummed, helping Jack unwrap his burger and placing a napkin in the kid’s shirt as a makeshift bib. The kid
Releasing the breath that he had not known he was holding, Castiel smiled. “Good.” He spoke genuinely with his throat less dry and his words less hollow. “Now he can have peace.”
—and he licks the plate clean. Traces his tongue from Dean’s navel to his sternum. His mouth is alive with juices like wine and he is
Cas turned to face Shaggy and Scooby again, eyebrows raised to his hairline. “I was under the impression that Fred and Daphne were not in a romantic relationship with one another.”
You drop the phone. You look at your palms. They’re clean. His blood isn’t anywhere to be seen other than marking a familiar place on your shoulder.
When Cas had finished stripping and settled against Dean, under his arm as was his wont, Dean entangled their legs together. He rested his chin on the top of Cas’ head, humming. “Not that I’m not grateful for skipping clean-up duty, but uh—” Dean chuckled. “How exactly did
“Cas,” his name felt ripped from Dean’s throat. It felt desperate. Just as desperate as he had felt in that fucking dungeon months ago.
Cas squinted, tilting his head to read off the phone screen. Dean would have to take him out to get his eyes checked when they were back home. No more angelic eyesight meant needing glasses. Cas wearing glasses was a thought. Cas reading in the Bunker library, glasses resting on the bridge of his nose and sliding further down his face absently until he would have to push them back up to resume reading. Cas turning to look at him, eyes magnified behind small pieces of glass to remind Dean how
Between them, Jack made exaggerated kissy faces, causing them to pull apart and watch him with amusement. He grinned, reaching up and holding Dean and Cas’ cheeks in his palms.
. Castiel stops his tracks, a mindless waltz. He’s reminded of that sad, grey, little fish. How it heaved itself onto the land. Determined; cold;
Dean blew out a huff of breath. “You know what a GPS is, right?” He accused, and if he were being a tad more aggressive, earning
that Dean wanted. Always consumed by flames. Recognized that look from when he’d taken a needle to the chest with the hopes that—
“Howdy! How can I help y’all?” She leaned her palms on the counter, eyes flickering between them. “Our special for the day is the Castihell.”
Cas smiled softly. It seemed to reach his eyes this time which made Shaggy feel like he appreciated the talk. “Thank you, Shaggy. Scooby.” He gestured to the both of them in kind.
Mocking a frown, Dean held his other hand out behind Jack’s back. His palm felt so large in comparison to how small Jack was. “Did Uncle Sam teach you that?”
. The very core of his being despite how much it had been rebuilt and replaced to keep him alive, to keep him powered.
“God, I love you,” Dean laughed, ducking his head and peering at Cas from beneath his lashes. “I love you.” He said again. Because he could. Because he could stare at this elephant and call it by its name, parade it about and drape it in bright colors with
He could remember Ananiel’s fall too freshly. Turning to face away from the motel, Castiel could do nothing but wait and hope that they could defeat Lucifer. That he would not stray as Ananiel did.
, the rumble shook Dean. Dean’s hand flipped the button of his jeans with his thumb, hurrying with the zipper and relishing in the relief it granted him. Cas hadn’t even started anything, only his usual foreplay but with
He turned to look at Sam, whose brow was furrowed. The face was one that Sam made over his morning crossword. When he was hunched over for research. The puzzle-solving face of Sam Winchester. Then his eyes widened, then there was the lightbulb, then there was—
“Oh, really?” Dean smirked, taking her lips in his own. She was wonderful, really. Too wonderful. Wonderful enough that Dean thought about confessing everything to her. Cassie would understand. She was clever and understanding. Hell, maybe she’d even
Chuckling against Dean’s skin, Cas traced Enochian letters into Dean’s pectoral. “Thank you,” he murmured against Dean’s skin, feeling the temptation of sleep drawing him in.
seen you how you were in those weeks.” His voice sounded taut, a bicycle chain pulled too tightly around its mechanism.
“Like, totally right, dude.” Shaggy matched Scooby’s grin. “If you feel like a Cas, then you’re a Cas, man!”
“Dean,” Sam called, drawing the phone away from his ear and pressing the speaker button. “Hello?” He asked to the phone and Dean’s heart stilled in its motions. It was only the rumble of Baby keeping his lungs shaking.
Dean’s grip on him tightened, fingers digging into Cas’ skin in reaffirming pressure. “Still,” Dean whispered, “still it’d be nice. You’ve seen my damn soul.”
Castiel felt annoyance trickle along his very being at the insinuation of birdlike habits. But this was how Dean Winchester communicated. In the same way he referred to Sam as a
Dean cursed under his breath about Florida drivers before responding to Sam. “Doesn’t mean that she wasn’t a witch before or after.”
“Jack,” Dean forced his voice to soften. “Jack, buddy, I need you to be brave. I need you to be real brave for me right now.” His voice cracked. He couldn’t look at Sam, but he felt it. Felt those sad, heavy eyes on him. Struck with fear and worry. “I need you to be brave because I’m scared shitless, kid. So you gotta be brave for me, okay?”
Struck with a thought, Castiel’s eyes wandered and his rings spun endlessly and his wings clapped like thunder.
Dean couldn’t afford to look, but he hoped that in this new world werewolves didn’t suddenly have opposable thumbs. Taking a firm grasp of the knife, Dean plunged it into the thick hide of the werewolf's shoulder. It cried in pain, pushing itself away from Dean and panting like a wounded animal.
Mom looked pretty in her dress, from Dean’s memory of the time. Her skirt swayed in the autumn wind in time with the petals dancing in the breeze. It was ethereal, like a princess talking to animals. Except instead of a squirrel on her shoulder there was a baby in her arms. Dean thought it looked like magic.
“What will I see?” Castiel inquired as Ananiel knelt from their position over Michael’s True Vessel. They sat beside Ananiel, eyes becoming unsteady as they tried to observe the same things Ananiel did.
Dean rolled his eyes, placing the large soda between them on the table. “You never finish it,” he answered gruffly. “Just split mine.”
The altar you once worshipped has been lost to you. Instead, you pray to the raindrops and the thunder. You pray to the oven that feeds your family. You pray to the echo of the only thing divine that has ever touched you in a way that is
Shaking himself of the oddness, Dean cleared his throat. “How about two of your Burger Burgers, a salad for Rapunzel over here, and a Kiddie Coastal?” Dean reached into his pocket for his wallet. “And, uh, three sodas. One small, two large.”
Humming, Cas nodded. He felt Dean’s arms tighten around him. His body thrummed at the contact, at Dean’s soul pressed against him.
Cas blinked, tilting his head. “Where would I rather be?” He inquired, moving forward and causing Dean to take a step back lest Cas step well within his personal space. They continued moving until Dean’s knees hit the bed and Cas placed the book on the nightstand. “And your
When Cas retrieved Sam’s laptop and sat across from Dean once again, Dean cleared his throat. Cas didn’t look up from the laptop screen, but Dean continued anyway. “Cas,” that got his attention. Now it was almost too much to say. Dean swallowed the heavy lump in his throat. “There ain’t nothin’ wrong with a crack in the chassis.” He whispered softly.
. No bites, so maybe just collateral damage from Marissa beginning to turn and fighting off the transformation. Dean took three strides, placing himself with Marissa and Cas in his line of sight, but not daring to draw closer. Sam was quickly at his side, nearly shoulder to shoulder.
“Dean,” Cas whispered, putting his hand to Dean’s wrist and halting his movements. “You saved my life.
“You’re our friend too, man.” Shaggy slung his arm over Cas’ shoulder. “Now come on. Usually, Scoob and I forget ghost-hunting, and go
Dean’s eyes widened at the sudden tease of something hot, but distinctly not wet like Cas’ tongue so often was, running across his skin. Cas was peering at him again beneath dark lashes, but this time starlight grace burned under his eyelids. He could feel his breath stop short, chest tightening as Cas—and Dean meant
Dean chuckled under his breath, nodding. “Yeah, Sammy,” he turned to his brother with a wry grin. “Turns out, one of the benefits to a semi-stable relationship is that you can just talk that shit out.”
Cas furrowed brow softened and his sadness began to dissipate slowly. “I… Fred chooses Daphne too. They just choose differently.”
like it, or maybe he just thought Dean was hungry with how he was scarfing things down. Jack was decidedly less messy sitting on Cas’ lap, laughing over his little apple slices that came with the meal.
know they’re gonna. One day.” He chuckled, shaking his head. “Totally crazy since they both know how into each other the other one is.”
Dean’s mouth quirked into a smirk all of its own. “You gettin’ flustered, sweetheart?” The tease lost its strength when Cas’ grace gave an experimental tug of his length. The other tendrils that had twinned themselves around Dean’s legs began exploring Dean’s thighs. “You ain’t a blushin’ virigin, Cas.” Dean heaved out a hot breath, reaching out for another shape that had formed in the nebulas cloud of Cas’ grace. “How do I make this good for you?”
. And your love is bloody and your blood is lovely. But not for this echo of a man who used to be worshipped in bedtime prayers. No, now your prayers take the form of goodbye kisses pressed to your child’s forehead.
Cas blinked again, checking Dean for any injury that he might have missed from the hunt. They had only returned to the Bunker a few short hours ago. Perhaps Dean had a concussion.
“You’re beautiful,” Dean whispered, his voice raw and scraping against every remaining feather of Cas’ wings and physical spine.
Marissa’s lips thinned into a line, nodding and averting her gaze from Sam’s weighted and blanketed gaze. She turned her eyes up to Dean, offering a half-smile. Standing, Marissa moved over to the small bookshelf that she had in her apartment.
“What do the men do?” Jack asked curiously, his car clutched to his chest as he turned away from the television.
No, for so long his Paradise was the kind afternoon of an even kinder man. Why should that be any different now that the Paradise was on Earth instead of in Heaven? Why should that be any different now that his name was Dean Winchester?
The Righteous Man was touched by angels. Literally and figuratively. Castiel himself had touched the Righteous Man’s soul, bore his grace into him, and stitched his torn soul together. Placed his body back piece by piece with a few added bonuses. Healed the old liver. Twisted the knee back into place. A few pieces here and there that would have no true bearing on his role as the Michael Sword, but which Castiel hoped the Righteous Man would appreciate.
” Sam read off of his phone screen when they were in the car. Dean settled the hot food between them and Sam held the sodas on his lap. “Of a heart attack. Completely normal circumstances for an eighty-year-old dude.”
“Yes, I… suppose that is similar.” Cas spoke over his shoulder, continuing down the hall. Shaggy and Scooby walked behind him a short distance. The arches of the mansion were downright creepy and the windows were awfully spooky, but Cas was a big guy. It was like walking around with another Fred.
Feeling flustered, Cas turned to look at the screen in front of them. “At the time, you were not open to such inhuman creatures.”
Dean swiped at the notification, pressing his phone to his ear and continuing to walk. Sam raised an eyebrow in silent question.
“Sounds good to me,” letting out a sigh, Dean turned to face Cas fully. “Claire and Jack can catch up. I’m sure you and the book club have got a new chapter to gush over.”
“No, I mean it, Dean.” He huffed, shoulders squaring. “I mean, I know you literally grew up raising me, but you’ve taken to helping Cas with Jack like a duck to water.”
—might’ve been enough. Cas fluttered from behind the glacier gaze, grace-spark glistening for a moment. The olive branch, the effort to
,” he teased. “That is the quote you use, isn’t it?” His gaze turned thoughtful. “I suppose there is an ironism there. During the time in which it was written,
Cas hummed, resting his forehead against Dean’s. “I think you have been the only person to ever see me, Dean,” he confessed quietly.
In the living room of the apartment that Sam and Dean had been in only a day prior, there now stood a heaving Marissa. Her eyes looked wild. The small bookshelf full of knickknacks and belongings was shattered, contents spilled all over the floor. Under her seemingly towering figure, panting and holding his shoulder, was Cas.
, Cas.” He sighed, closing his eyes to recall the shapes that he could remember, the forms that he couldn’t but knew were there anyhow.
Cas sighed, averting his deep blue eyes to the laptop screen. “Thank you, Dean, but that’s hardly true.” He smiled wryly. “If Baby were to have such a…
“We appreciate it, Dean.” He said finally. “Not only all the people you save, but Jack and I. We appreciate
Castiel cast his gaze, watched on as the small babe’s cries silenced at the hushing of his mother. “It is…
“What if one does prefer the… name that has been nicked?” Castiel looked to Scooby and Shaggy, his eyes looked totally blue under the mansion’s candlelights. “I sometimes feel as if… Castiel is no longer who I am. But…
“Of course I can hear you,” she spat around sharpening teeth. Her body shook with the fury of her transformation.
“But you always drink all of your drink,” Cas argued. “If you had just gotten us separate drinks, then you would be able to drink more.”
,” Dean prayed, moaning on the name again before closing his eyes against the too-bright starbursts. He wondered if this is what stars felt like. Burning, burning,
,” Sam tested the name on his tongue, and it sounded even stranger coming from his brother’s mouth than it did coming from Abby’s. “Huh.” Sam’s voice sounded amused. Dean just felt
Cas closed the door, moving to the passenger side front where Sam rolled down his window. Cas, standing there with Jack on his hip and the bag slung over his shoulder. Cas, with bags under his eyes from nights when Jack had nightmares. Cas and a gummy smile that made his teeth reflect the Florida sun.
Cas and Dean smoothly traded Jack and the Impala’s keys, Jack settling on Cas’ hip once again and the familiar metal of the ring biting into Dean’s palm. “Sounds like an idea.” He smirked, looking between Cas and Jack. “You guys want burgers?”
You drag him down and you can’t even catch him unless he’s bleeding. Unless you’re holding his body together with your bare hands. That is when your skin can grace his vessel -
.” He gestured to the book, referring to the closed entry. “MacDonald’s research theorizes that a human soul, a
And that was half of the problem, wasn’t it? Dean had been comparing him and Cas to Sam and Eileen. A
Jack turned from the board he had been staring at blankly. Castiel had no clue as to where the young God’s gaze had turned, but he welcomed him back with a warm smile. Jack, however, greeted his smile with something small and bittersweet.
The tendril that had been guiding Dean’s had released his wrist, finishing the journey to Dean’s shaft alone.
“Yeah,” Jack walked up, though his gaze did not meet the Cas in front of him. Sam looked confused, but Dean felt understanding wash over him. “They look like handprints.”
But Castiel did not see what Ananiel was gazing upon. Where his Captain saw monuments and civilization Castiel only saw desolation and despair. A people crying out and misguided as they turned away from God. Castiel told Ananiel this, spoke about the heinous atrocities of humanity that he saw reaped and sowed in equal measure. Again Ananiel was displeased.
“Can I call you Cas, man?” That wasn’t the question Shaggy had intended, but it was equally as important. Shaggy might not have been born Shaggy, but Shaggy was the name he preferred. That didn’t mean that was true for Castiel. Castiel might have only preferred people he knew to call him Cas, and did Shaggy even know the strange little guy beyond his name?
Cas sighed and his heavy shoulders seemed to weigh him down. “There has been… many choices that Daphne---” he cut himself short and sighed again, “that
His left hand trailed down to his boxers, fingers snaking under the elastic as his right hand moved up to his face. Three of his fingers found their way into his mouth and on instinct Dean began to suck. The eyes surrounding him peered on, encouraging and full of
“Mosquitos!” Jack shouted. “They’re like vampires,” his voice held all the authority of a four-year-old. “They’re bloodsuckers.”
. Cas asked of him and in his mind’s eye, Dean could see the dominating, commanding brow raised at him in request. Complying, Dean opened his eyes before his breath was stolen from him once again.
“I need you to tell me everything you can remember,” Sam spoke in a hushed tone, hands clasping one another in his lap where he sat across from her.
Whatever he was searching for, he didn’t find. Or maybe he found what he was expecting. Nothing new. Nothing new from
Dean sighed, rubbing a hand over his face before pulling the keys out of the ignition. He opened Baby’s door, grabbing the bag of food and letting Sam take care of the drinks. Locking the car behind them, Sam and Dean took the quick steps to their motel room. Dean had the other key so he buried his hand into his pocket to retrieve it. Before Dean could unlock the door, Cas opened it with a nod.
You are touching him. You are touching him and your hands aren’t covered in his blood. It’s a miracle. A blessing given to you by this god whose temple you writhe beneath as you grant him entry into your sanctuary. You touch him.
doesn’t know that Daphne digs him. It’s like Cas said.” He gestured to Cas as he continued. “Cas - er, Daph - could totally have anyone she wants, so if she wanted Freddy she’d go out and take him. Fred doesn’t think that Daph wants him, yanno?”
“Damn,” Dean hissed. “It’s gonna be a long night.” He quipped before a large silhouette lunged from the group of trees on his right.
Smilingly kindly, Cas nodded. “In a sense. Mosquitoes and other animals attract each other with dances. Humans have long since chosen other methods of attracting a mate.”
It’s not too different from Adam, is it? Not that you’re even sure that’s how the story goes anymore. He never hungered though, on those Bible Sundays you can remember. He didn’t hunger until Eve walked into his life and showed him what it was to
Shaggy laughed easily. “Like, of course, man!” He grinned as Cas turned to continue their ghost-hunt. Then he totally remembered what he was trying to ask in the first place. “Yanno, it really seemed like you and that Dean guy are super tight. That’s why I call Scooby-Doo, Scoob.”
“Not always,” Shaggy shook his head, placing a hand on Castiel’s shoulder. “But like, sometimes we just pick new names, dude. Cas is a nickname since someone else nicked your name.” He chuckled before pointing to himself. “But me? Shaggy
“What about Brad, huh?” Dean could feel the headache coming on from grinding his teeth so finely together. “Thought you were
“Brad was attacked rather viciously,” Cas frowned. “It manifested as something rather animalistic if that were a ghost.”
“Are we ever going to talk about it?” Sam pursed his lips and his gaze felt like it was weighing Dean’s soul against a feather.
Dean exhaled shakily, leaning back in his seat and running a hand over his face. “How the hell am I supposed to explain
it felt to be without them. When Cas had first raised him, there were some scars that had remained. His first werewolf scratch, the ugly scarring of a fumble from a tree, careful crescents made with care on his chest, and Cas’ own handprint. Each piece was like a tree’s ring on Dean’s skin.
“True,” Cas conceded, “I suppose a more accurate term would be that it happened in neither this plane nor the next, but a small space in between where your soul and mine meet.”
Cas straddled Dean, hands interlocked and pushing him into the mattress. Dean had wanted to be taken tonight and Cas had obliged. He loved the closeness sex granted him; how he could bury himself within Dean or feel Dean touch his very core. It was an intimacy he had been unfamiliar with.
As Dean began drifting off, resting his head against Cas’, he whispered again. “Bet you got a zillion eyes. Rings of fire. Four heads.”
Staring into those eyes amber and bleeding, Dean tracked the single, silver tear that ran down her cheek. He watched her fingers twitch around Cas’ throat, felt himself mirror the action around the trigger. He had known this feeling. Been down this road. Remembered how helpless he had felt plunging into that eternal night, how numb he had felt taking the dive.
He gulped, shifting on his feet. “I mean… well, while you two were out there, I was wonderin’ if you’d take some pictures for me.” His smile shook on his face. “I intend to prove that there aren't any postings out there. The kids wouldn’t have known they were trespassing.”
them to be hungry. What sort of father wants his children to starve? God, apparently. So when you were too hollow to be overtaken by hunger, you were just becoming what He wanted. Apparently.
When Dean began to wrap his shoulder, Cas spoke. “Dean,” he called in that gentle, charged way of his. He didn’t continue until Dean could tear his gaze away from the angry wound, look into those blue eyes. “Thank you.”
, Dean. Dean could hear Cas’ counterpoint in his head now, but he was rather distracted by the subject at hand.
Furrowing his brow, Dean craned his neck to look at Cas. “Now, hold on,” he huffed, “I’ve been havin’ wet dreams since I was 15. When
“That’s us,” Sam straightened in his seat, taking in the man before them with a measuring gaze. Dean was familiar with that scrutinization, but at least it was turned to this stranger.
“Daddy says that sunflowers face East!” He pointed enthusiastically, laughing and reaching for the blooms in front of him.
Groaning as his boot squelched in the mud, Dean turned his grimace to Sam. “Why couldn’t it have been a witch?”
It was a college town, so there wasn’t much in terms of tourist traps. Brick buildings and apartments lined the main thoroughfare, a Publix and Walmart tucked away into a corner for shopping needs. Finding motels in Florida was never too difficult, not with all the traffic they got. Whether it was people visiting relatives or scoping for colleges, even here there were motels to be had. Even if they were a bit out of the way.
The knife caught some of the moonlight. Dean twirled it in his hand, a mirror to the wolf’s menacing gaze. Beside him, he could hear a dull thud and the grunting of his brother. Dean felt his shoulders give an inch of release with the pure relief bleeding into his chest.
. Then all he wanted was to appease her, to stand by her, to feed himself on forbidden knowledge until God struck humanity for its hubris.
that eats away at you. Fills you up until you’re starving and alone in the coldest room of what once was your sanctuary. What once was
Dean scoffed, flexing his arm where it rested on the back of the couch and draping his hand over Cas’ shoulder. “Don’t know what to tell ya, buddy. Pretty sure
There are teases whispered between their lips of cowboys and horses, but the quips mean nothing in comparison to what makes Dean flush crimson. What brings out the apples of his cheeks and reminds Castiel of Hallmark films with fruit-filled meals and bright table settings.
“Reah. Rive rangerously.” Scooby piped up from Cas’ other side. Together the three of them continued down the hall, monster momentarily forgotten.
for this man. This once Righteous Man made by God’s Will; this Chosen Man remade by his own hands; this
, Sam.” His hand clenched into a fist at his side where it hung. “It’s not like he’s been fighting a losing battle with his grace
Shuttering at the thought, Dean tried to bring himself back to the situation at hand. Some college kid was shivering, crying as Sam spoke soothingly to her.
“I don’t know!” Dean barked back, teeth grinding together in a jaw-clenching motion. “He took Jack with him over there, Sam.” He spoke hoarsely. “Cas and Jack are over there.” The words, once repeated, brought a curdling sickness to Dean’s stomach. He anxiously heard the phone ring in an attempt to connect.
Dean winced, watching as Sam’s eyes widened dramatically. Such was the drawback of Jack having lived his first four years looking decidedly
Sam laughed on the other end of the line and Dean could imagine his eyes crinkling with that puppy dog look of his. “
Cas closed his eyes, blocking off any hope Dean had of returning his gaze. “It’s alright,” his whispered words created a crevice in Dean’s chest. A gaping hole that swallowed him and his failed words. Cas finally opened his eyes, but that grace-blue gaze turned to Sam instead. “I was coming to tell you that Jack had requested I take him out for dinner tonight. I’ll make sure to have him home by ten.”
Appeased, Abby thanked him and turned to busy herself behind the counter. Sam walked up behind Dean, catching his elbow. “Everything okay?”
, Cas corrected as the face shifted, taking the form of something unfathomable to Dean and moving away so that more tendrils could crawl along Dean’s legs like vines.
was left unsaid between them. Sam huffed a breath that reminded Dean of a bull. Dean puffed out his chest, feeling defensive and cornered until Sam’s gaze flickered over his shoulder. Sam’s face paled, eyes widening in shock at whatever had conjured behind Dean.
Drawing back, Cas furrowed his brow. He watched the grace-blue shine upon Dean’s gentle features, tracked as Dean looked beyond his physical face. Eyes widening, Cas’ movements halted completely. “You—”
“Bye Sammy! Bye Dee!” Jack had waved. Sam had returned it with an awkward wave of his own. Sam had always been cautious around kids, and the newly small Jack was no different. But he was getting there.
“We’ll see you in a bit. Hopefully, I can get started on something.” He nodded, reaching for the motel room key that Sam was handing him. They had gotten one room. Sam thought it was stupid since there were three grown adults, but Dean had been adamant. Maybe it spoke to how much Sammy knew him that he hadn’t argued further.
“Don’t step on that fish, Castiel,” his brother says. “Big plans for that fish.” And there will come a time when Castiel remembers this almost fondly. Remembers seeing that little, finite fish fight its way to
Shaggy blinked again, sharing his startled expression with Scooby before turning to look at Cas. Man, now he
“And dudes,” and there was the bullet in the chamber of Sam’s gun. Locked and loaded, aiming straight toward Dean. “The owner. Abby’s uncle I mean.” Sam’s trepidation was made evident by how slowly he spoke, but the teasing still more than clear.
Cas sighed, “I know you do.” He smiled sadly. An echo of that night. “I told you.” Looking at his hands in his lap, Cas huffed a laugh under his breath. He pulled his shoulder away from Dean, straightening in his seat. “Regardless, you know what I think of you. You know that I…”
he supposed to explain it? It made more sense. Cas didn’t drink all of his soda and that was a waste. Dean didn’t want a whole soda these days. The sugar made his teeth feel weird. It made
Cas hummed into his morning cup, nodding in agreement. “Dean much prefers to keep such practices to the Impala.”
Cas turned to look at him sweetly, that small and endearingly bright smile smothering any shadowed doubt out of Dean’s mind. “I suppose we’ll just have to see.”
The motel room was quiet. Dean was grateful to be miles away from Florida. The Midwest roads were more familiar. Baby took every inch of road greedily, happily, without cars burning rubber all around her. Steepling his hands on the table in front of him, Dean felt his leg bounce with anxious energy. The small, clay dolphin stared back at him with beady eyes.
Dean cleared his throat. Looking to the book in his hand, Dean pursed his lips together before speaking. “Of course I want you to stay,” he confessed. It felt like taking a knife to his nerves, twisting and bringing the exposed bits of himself to the surface. “Hell, Cas, if you wanted to leave
Cas had come home with Jack an hour earlier but had remained in the Dean Cave watching a movie with the kid. Dean couldn’t—
Before Dean could respond beyond shock, Cas opened the door, reaching into the car and blocking Dean’s view of the kid. He finished unbuckling him quickly and Jack was too distracted by Cas’ presence to worry about a follow-up from Dean.
“That sounds wonderful,” Castiel murmured, closing his eyes and inhaling sharply this scent of familiarity in their shared bathroom.
back into the vents. And the army man back into the ashtray. Every damn time.” Dean inhaled sharply, looking to the space between them. The table was old, paint chipping and blooming with its age.
“Maybe it’s swampy enough out there for them.” Dean offered with a half shrug. He rolled the dolphin absently in his palm.
Cas chuckled under his breath. “I think I might be persuaded.” He teased, dominating eyebrow arching on his forehead in silent challenge.
There was silence. The gentle sound of Jack’s breathing was a reassurance; the lack of banging was both fear-inducing and soothing. Marissa wasn’t banging on the bathroom door or anywhere near it, but that didn’t indicate where she or Cas were. There was another sound, a quiet sniffle, before Jack spoke.
“What, thought of it?” Dean tried not to bite back. “Haven’t thought to mention my mangled soul is dragging you to Earth?”
“He’s waiting.” Jack’s voice rang out, resonating within Castiel’s grace. Once a meager captain, once a seraph, now an archangel for Jack’s reign as God, Castiel could equate his grace to a
“I don’t need a whole damn cup to myself, Cas.” Dean frowned, aggressively taking a bite out of the Burger Burger. “It’s just easier that way.”
“You wouldn’t have remembered.” Dean shrugged, stepping onto the witness’ walkway to begin making their way up to the door. “These are a bit taller than hers were. But then again, everything seemed taller then.”
Cas flushed at the praise. A rumbling laugh escaped from his chest. Finishing tracing the letters in Enochian, Cas kissed his punctuation of the statement into Dean’s skin. “You are, too.”
“Dead.” Jack nodded as that bittersweet smile remained. “Yes. He’s at the Roadhouse with Bobby Singer now.”
.” Cas’ gaze turned to one of the curtains that a stray breeze had caught as if that were a real clue.
Cas gave another chuckle under his breath, looking from Jack to Dean. “I suppose we should head inside. We're still expecting Sam and Eileen for lunch.”
In front of them, an older episode of the Scooby-Doo show played. Cas had presumed that Dean would have wanted a break from the show, especially given how he hadn’t gotten to realize his fantasy of ending up with Daphne. However, the hunter had been adamant about binging the show in memoriam of their time spent in the cartoon.
James swiped at his forehead again, wheezing a laugh. “Well, it’s the damnedest thing. I guess that property out there belongs to some old blood. They’re chargin’ that whole group of kids for trespassing.”
, sweetheart.” He whispered. “Prettiest angel in the garrison,” his words were a tease but spoken gently as he rubbed soothing circles into Cas’ back.
“Good morning, Dean.” Castiel rumbled, felt his happiness roll out from him like thunder, before turning in Dean’s arms to run his fingers through golden hair. “What are we going to do today?”
on him.” Something passed behind green eyes and Dean’s demeanor shifted. “You sound pretty invested in Fred there, buddy.”
Furrowing the brow of his human vessel in curiosity, Castiel leaned forward from where he sat at one of the chairs placed by the table. Dean removed his things from atop the bedsheets before meeting his gaze. “I do not think that is what you want, Dean.”
The college kid, Marissa Clayton originating from Maine, gave a hiccup before nodding. “Brad and I were taking a walk by ourselves,” she whispered. The force of her crying made her face ruddied. “We’d just left the camp for a minute. Just so we could have some alone time.” Her tears started anew.
“You think she was bitten?” Dean swiveled quickly to fully face Sam. At Sam’s nod, Dean cursed under his breath. “Shit,” he muttered before wiping at his jaw. “If Haley here was an Alpha, maybe Marissa will retain some of her memory.”
There was no response in his head, no purr or thrum. Heart racing momentarily, Dean tried reaching out in the dark again as his eyes adjusted to this new space. “
Sam was sharp and clever. If Dean recognized her gaze from his own reflection, maybe Sm recognized it from Dean. “You’re so young,” he spoke softly. “I promise it can get better.”
“Why?” Dean’s voice was rougher than he had meant it, but Sam didn’t look surprised by his tone. “Cas has been in our lives for longer than Chuck ever was.” He snorted a laugh, fiddling with the napkin holder that was advertising some film festival. “Or, well… you know what I mean.”
In Heaven, while the Earth has reached its year of 2020, so much has changed. An aching amount of years had passed with much too much love and pain chained along with those years. Castiel watched and waited, hope catching in his throat. Perhaps, now with Chuck finally defeated and Jack residing over Heaven as God, the Winchesters could rest. They could find peace.
Dean grinned, stepping into the room and holding up the food bag. “Heya, kid,” he answered. “Ya hungry?”
,” Dean writhed amongst the starshine. The green aura that made for his skin in this place fluctuated, speckles of gold dotting the skin and turning Dean’s body—his
Dean reached for one of the kleenexes kept on the coffee table, offering it to Marissa silently. She offered him a shaky smile in thanks before blowing her nose. Inhaling to steady her breathing, she looked from Dean back to Sam.
“Order up!” Abby shouted before turning back to grab the card from Dean. She swiped it without a problem after confirming how much the order was. Not that Dean cared about the amount, but admitting he didn’t care about the amount was admitting to why he was willing to share a drink with Cas. It was—
Jack smiled then, inhaling a deep breath and transforming his expression. “Time passes differently here, doesn’t it?” He contemplated after the long silence. “I mean, I see everything all at once and yet I experience things in both Heaven and Earth.”
Sam’s bitchface told Dean he thought that too. All of that. Sam turned his gaze, flashing his light out into the distance. “I’m just saying you look… content.
Once they had stepped out of the apartment complex, the humid weather hit Dean like a sack of wet potatoes. He grimaced, taking the steps as quickly as he could. Sam was a step behind him, silent in his pondering.
Dean jabbed his thumb on the red button before hitting redial again, body driven by autopilot as they hopped the fence. There were no signs marking this place as private property, Dean thought. Just as James had suspected. Or at least how his cover story had stated. The Impala was parked off of the road, just in sight as Dean was greeted by Cas’ voicemail again.
Scoffing, Dean shook his head. “Jack’s half-human. Cas hasn’t ever had to raise a kid.” He argued, but it felt stale on his tongue. Like a false accusation that Cas didn’t know what he was doing when that had been the furthest from the truth. Perhaps Cas was still learning how to be human, still learning how to teach Jack to be human, but Cas had
“How much longer will he have to wait?” Castiel asked, fearful of the answer but desperate for it all the same.
His words were small in Dean’s ears. A goodbye signed and delivered with no hope of combating the declaration. The worst part, Dean thought bitterly, was how readily Cas accepted it. How readily Cas expected Jack’s home to be here in the Bunker even if he was no longer wanted.
“I… suppose.” Castiel bobbed his head for a moment, folding his hands to rest on his lap. “When I was in Heaven, before all of…
Shooting Sam a crooked grin, Dean stepped forward toward the sunflowers but he didn’t dare touch them. “I’m not surprised,” he began. “Mom used to grow them. She started taking you out into the garden as soon as you stopped crying all the time.”
“What sort of ghost takes the form of an animal, though?” Dean questioned further. “I mean Marissa isn’t exactly Doctor Dolittle, but people can tell the difference between a person and an animal.”
Dean paused in his movements, watching as Sam poured the drinks from the soda fountain. He nodded slowly. “That’s right. How’dja know that?”
The bookshelf was filled with knickknacks and personable pieces. Most noticeably a few school books and a picture frame containing Marissa and her best friend, Haley, who had been at the camp during the time of the attack. Amongst the shelf’s contents rest a small, hand-crafted dolphin on a stand marked with bright red letters that met her at eye level. She reached out, grabbing it in her hand before striding over to Dean.
Sam was silent for a moment, causing Dean to look at him with concern. It wasn’t often that Sam was quiet, but when he was it was always a contemplative silence. “I didn’t know that.” He spoke softly.
“Sweetheart,” Dean’s voice was soft but firm in that contradictory way of his. “The first time I saw you, you were wearing Jimmy Novak in a barn in Pontiac, Illinois.”
Smiling, Jack took the seat across from Castiel and mirrored the templing of his hands. “Soon.” He answered instead. “Did you know that when you rebuilt Dean’s soul you stitched him together with your grace?”
“Yeah,” Sam sighed, closing his phone and leaning back in the seat. “I guess we just have to look into it. Maybe Moira is summoning something.” He raised an eyebrow. “Wouldn’t be the first time we had to stop a witch from summoning a demon.”
Dean felt his spine move as if it were magnetised. It was a rod, pressed straight into the back of his seat as his foot pressed harder on the gas. Jack hadn’t
Dean snorted a laugh, shaking his head. “Sort of counterintuitive. Since, yanno, Free Will.” He quipped, raising a curious brow toward Cas.
Sam nodded in response, redialing and putting the phone up to his ear. His lips were pressed into a thin line and his eyes were dimmed even underneath the dark of the moon. With the keys in the ignition, Baby roared to life. Dean could admit to flooring it, even if the wet dirt of Florida forests would be a bitch to clean out later.
“What,” Dean balked after a moment, looking from his shoulder to Cas’ face. His body had long since been cleaned of all of its scars. He could remember staring at himself in the mirror, how
,” Dean cried out softly, hands combing through nebulas and fires. Tendrils of grace, burning hot like blue stars without causing any harm, wrapped around Dean’s wrists and cradled his touch to Cas’ form. “You’ve got
not to hurt him.” Her eyes flickered toward where presumably the bathroom was. “He’s a good kid.” Marissa reached out quickly, hand grasping Cas and holding him by the throat. Cas’ feet scratched at the ground as his hands clawed at her grasp. “Just like his
“I’m sorry,” Cas whispered. “That could have been dangerous. If you hadn’t been able to perceive me—”
, Jack.” Dean’s voice felt like it was ripped from him. It sounded like someone else. “You stay in that bathroom and you don’t come out until I come and get you. Do you understand?”
“I can be very persuasive,” Dean retorted, leaning again to press another soft, earth-shattering kiss to the lips of an angel.
. Wants to pull him into his ribcage and make a home for him there. Wants his soul to bleed beneath his teeth that way when Castiel smiles, Dean Winchester shines through. Wants to have his hands soaked in the bits that make up Dean Winchester as he eats him
Dean let out a breathless laugh, carding his fingers through Cas’ hair. “What can I say? Toldja you were the prettiest angel in the garrison.”
Dean’s shoulders shook with his laugh as he turned to bare his full smile to Cas’ smirking, mirth-filled gaze. Oh, he was a
in them. Floating mid-air and surrounded by unnamed stars, only tethered by the grace-tendrils gripping him and piercing him.
“The handprint,” Cas had whispered, fingers grazing Dean’s shoulder before pushing his jacket off slowly, raising his sleeve so that it was his skin against the freckled shoulder. Goosebumps rose beneath Cas’ touch, causing Dean to shiver.
Jack clapped his hands together again, making a difficult time for Cas who was trying to unbuckle the kid’s seat while still in the car with him. Once Cas had decided it was a futile task from this angle, he grabbed the kid’s bag that rested at his feet and opened the door. In the time it took Cas to walk to the opposite side of the car, Jack turned to look at Dean.
Sam raised a brow, nose scrunched on his face. “Dude,” he reprimanded before something clicked behind his eyes. His face contorted and reminded Dean of the Grinch’s evil grin. “Do you and Cas need a moment alone?”
“I hadn’t meant to leave it, but to remove it…” Cas continued, and his eyes peered, dark and blue, beneath those dark lashes before he tilted his chin up. “I couldn’t bear to remove it. I should have. It wasn’t my place to…” He trailed off.
to be. He drew it to him, using both hands from how large the face was and gripping its jaw tightly.
“Brad,” her laugh was wobbly, “He asked Haley to help him pick out the campsite. That’s why she was with us, as our guide. Locals know the land better than anyone.” She chucked. “I think he was gonna propose. He—” Marissa cried, “we had all these plans. He was gonna be a vet. No one knew animals like he did.” Looking to the crumpled kleenex in her hand, Marissa spoke in a shaking voice. “If it had been me instead of him, he might’ve been able to help you.”
“I just think,” Cas began with a sigh, “Daphne Blake is a very accomplished person. If she wished to pursue Fred, she would.”
“Do you have any theories?” Cas directed toward Sam. “I had feared that our first instinct was incorrect. I had a chat with one of the college kids who was walking to his apartment. I got the impression that there were no nesting grounds for a wendigo in the forest. He got distracted when Jack called him over.”
“Man, I think you’re like, selling Fred short, dude.” Shaggy frowned. “Freddy is awesome. He drives the
“C’mon, the choice between two emotionally stunted brothers or the badass angel?” Dean guffawed. “As if. It’s an easy choice.” He stuffed his face full of another bite of burger before sipping at the soda, averting his gaze from either Sam or Cas.
“We’re coming in, okay?” Sam hushed Jack. “I’m gonna hang up now because I need both of my hands. Can you be really quiet?”
So he walks the Bunker alone. He lets the cool air bite into his skin. It distracts from the growling of his stomach. He hungers for laughter. Hungers for a smile. The taste of whiskey on the rim of a glass that he slowly sips while he sits beside his best friend.
He had moments on some days where he looked like the Jack that held God-Grace. All-knowing and all-encompassing. Intimidating and terrifying and soothing. Jack twisted his hands together, looking at his chubby little fingers.
“Hey, now,” Dean spoke softly, holding out a hand. “Thinkin’ like that won’t help anybody. It certainly won’t help us stop this thing from attacking again.” He frowned, sighing as he wiped his sweaty palm on his lap. “I know it’s tough; trust me, but right now we only got you to rely on.
“Daphne?” Shaggy furrowed his brow. “Don’t get me wrong, man, Daphne is totally cool, but like why would he want to spend time with Daphne and not
The floor is so cold and you see him smile sadly as this last sacrifice to your altar is laid before you. There is a prayer. There are tears and blood and an
,” he cursed. “Why go after her, though? She didn’t see anything, and if she wasn’t out here then it wouldn’t have looked like an animal attack.”
Cas’ footsteps didn’t carry him further and instead, he remained firmly in place by the door. “Hello, Dean,” he whispered.
“Cas,” Dean hoped he returned the reverence. Holding the book out, Dean swallowed the mass of nerves that had coiled in his throat. “I need you to know why I can see you.”
“When the gang splits up, Scoob and I always go together, right Scooby-Doo?” Shaggy offered a grin to his bestest buddy in the whole wide world.
“Of course,” Cas replied without hesitation. “The ascent from Hell would have been far too traumatic. Even more so than your lasting memories from being in Hell.” He folded his hands on his lap. “But I appeared to you after.”
After taking a moment to collect his thoughts, Cas continued. “Why do you think Fred and Daphne aren’t together?”
She wrapped her arms around herself, nodding and steeling herself to bid them goodbye. Her eyes glistened with the threat of fresh tears. It made Dean turn to Sam, silently conveying it was their time to leave so that the woman could grieve on her own.
Dean licked at his lips, taking his watch off and setting it on his nightstand. His eyes caught on the book that rested there, now-familiarar volume with a bookmarked passage and a conversation that had yet to be had.
?” Jack’s little voice plucked across the cockles of Dean’s heart. Pulled him taut across the bow that was going to shoot. His next words were the release. The tension was too much and the arrow fired helplessly toward its target. “
But your stomach is eating itself, it’s so hungry. So destructive. Your body wanting to consume your flesh until there is nothing left of you because it’s so hungry. It’s so hungry to reach out and touch and consume and you can’t feed it unless his blood is on your hands.
“Cas,” Dean drew back tilting his head awkwardly so that he could look Cas in the eye. “Whether you got two blue eyes or a bajillion eyes of colors I can’t identify, you’re Cas.” He shrugged, embarrassed by his next words but committed to saying them. “You’re gorgeous, yanno?”
Dean flashed his light toward Sam to get a better look at his face, but the dark of the woods was swallowing even the moonlight. Unless Dean flashed his light into Sam’s eyes, and he’d much prefer a non-blinded Sam on the hunt with him. “What do you mean?”
“Hey, I wanted to try that,” Sam argued, but Dean could spot the teasing tilt to his voice and eyes.
“Yeah,” Dean accepted, pulling the keys from the ignition and opening the car door. Locking the car behind them, Dean and Sam stepped into the small burger joint.
“Good,” if Dean’s voice was rougher, if his throat felt a bit raw, no one mentioned it. He walked around the front of Baby, unlocking the driver’s side door and reaching in to unlock the rest of the car.
Bursting, Dean inhaled sharply, opening his eyes to see the bright, flashing light gradually fade and his vision slowly return. He still felt floating. His body was numb and he was swimming on an ocean he couldn’t identify. Dean’s hands trembled, already missing the feeling of
“Yes!” Jack set his car down, reaching his arms out. Sam and Dean stepped into the room, walking to the small table as Cas closed and locked the door behind them. Cas moved to grab Jack and carry him to the table. Sam dragged the smaller coffee table over, resting precariously on it and allowing Cas one of the chairs to sit in with Jack. Dean graciously took the second chair even if the implication that he was
Dean shuffled where he sat tucked beside Cas. He was clearly made awkward either by his own question or Cas’ reaction to it. Clearing his throat, Dean continued.
A few months later, when Dean was finally trusted with holding Sammy in his arms, he was running out of his burning home.
He looked up when the bathroom door opened, Cas stepping out without a word. His freshly washed hair clung to his skin. The wound on his shoulder was bright red and raw, but healing. Dean pressed his lips together.
“Don’t be ridiculous,” Dean waved him off. “Cas doesn’t finish his soda and I’m not buying something for it to go to waste. We can just share one.”
,” Dean exhaled shakily. This was something he had thought of too. Something that occurred to him mostly when Cas was weak or dying. Would he be willing to be Cas’ vessel? Hold his angel? Cas was probably the only angel Dean would ever say
You remember a crypt. Being at your knees. Begging. Begging him to return to you. This is what happens. This is where you pour yourself over him and he crumbles beneath you. You are a god of blood and love and you pour your blood over him and you fulfill him with your love until you are certain he can never starve. You feed him the bread of your body and the wine of your blood and he returns each blessing with your name like a prayer.
means, man, but if you mean he wants to take Daphne dancing then he’s outta luck, dude.” Shaggy spoke apologetically. “Fred and Daphne are pretty much a sure thing.”
Jack laughed, standing and placing his hands on Castiel’s shoulders. “Go find out where Dean Winchester placed his marbles.” He winked and released his grip on Castiel before turning back to the board they had been working over. “I’ll be here when you’re done.” Jack grinned. “Think of it like a 9 to 5 for God.”
Jack’s feet swung excitedly, and Dean could imagine his eyes widening beneath his sunglasses. “Dee!” He reached out with his hands, one clasping the juice box tightly.
“I know,” Marissa exhaled shakily. She smiled gently. “Since I kind of ruined his vacation, he probably won’t be able to go to the gift shops, right?” The hand holding the dolphin reached out, offering it for Dean to take.
“As are you,” Cas said quickly and quietly into the intimate space of their bedroom. “I am… happy to be here with you, Dean.” His voice trembled, causing Dean to tighten his hold further.
Cas’ cheeks tinted pink beneath the subtle tan the Florida sun was darkening on his skin. His mouth shaped into a precarious O before he continued. “I see,” he rasped for a moment. “Well, there’s no accounting for taste,” Cas’ smile was crooked and small, aiming his self-deprecating joke at Dean.
Stretching as he reached into the cabinet for his mixing bowl, Dean sighed as his bones loosened from the action. He placed the bowl on the countertop, rubbing the back of his neck to ease the tense muscles.
“That seems rather insensitive given that Marissa just lost her boyfriend,” Cas furrowed his brow. “This Moira is pressing charges?”
“With Moira’s permission,” Cas’ graveled voice brought to their attention. “It would hardly do to make her aware that we’re suspicious of her should she prove to be a witch. If we’re heading to her place of residency, we’ll want to mention we’re investigating the attack.”
Huffing, Dean handed the soda to Cas. “Yeah, but we weren’t exactly the same in the other ‘verses too, right?” He grimaced. “Those douches made
. It wasn’t the first time someone had done that though, was it? Not with Cain waxing poetic about how Dean was living his life backward. He wasn’t stupid enough to miss how Collette lined up with Cas. Maybe just too numb to take a note of it at the time. And every other moment before and after and up until now it’s always been Dean and Cas. Cas and Dean. Except they’ve never been
The pad of Cas’ right thumb swiped at Dean’s cheek, taking him by surprise. He sucked in a shaking breath, opening his eyes to watch as Cas gently swabbed at his cheek. Those damnable tears—the tears Dean couldn’t get out of his head for
Cas turned to look at him, catching his gaze and drawing him closer with just a look. Dean moved without hesitation, standing beside Cas and kicking at his knee with his booted foot. His approach drew Jack’s attention away from the flowers, who clapped excitedly the closer he got.
“And yet you suggested calling Rowena,” Sam swiveled to look at him, looking far too large for the small coffee table.
It continued like this. Castiel was in Heaven, staring at his reflection in the bathroom mirror. The blue eyes contained within his body reminded him of the river not far from the cabin. The lines on his face reminded him of crow’s feet as he smiled. The hair atop his head was askew from a good night’s rest before, sleeping heavily with content in a large room on a large bed.
Blinking, blue eyes filled with confusion and patience in equal measure, Cas took the book wordlessly. His thumb traced the bookmark Dean had used to mark the entry, opening up the volume to the correct page. Cas’ hands, gorgeous and gracious, traced the
“Like hell I would,” Dean argued, voice low enough as not to draw Jack’s attention but no less stern. It took Cas by surprise if the slight jump was any indication. “D’y’know how many times I’ve rebuilt her? And every damn time I add the
“Might be a witch,” Dean added, finishing off the burger and gathering up the trash. Jack put his soda on the edge of the table, wiggling and squirming to get off of Cas’ lap. Cas set him down as Dean moved the soda off of the edge. Jack’s little legs carried him to the bed, bouncing until he could reach his toys.
“Scoobert?” Castiel furrowed his brow, and his head quirked in a peculiar manner. There wasn’t much about this little trench-coated dude that wasn’t peculiar, but Shaggy wasn’t one to judge. He knew what people thought of him. He
“But you just… you bounced back. Dodge City you were walking on Cloud Nine, man.” Sam huffed a laugh that was short-lived. “Now it’s like you can’t stand to be in the same room as him, but you can’t stand him being out of sight either.”
“Something like that,” Sam chuckled. Dean rolled his eyes, handing Abby the card as the girl stuck the order to the wheel in the window.
Cas frowned, maneuvering Jack’s trash away from him and handing the kid his Mountain Dew. “I hadn’t known the land was owned.”
. He is not speaking of his time as a human—though arguably that was the worst hunger he has ever known, physically. He is speaking of the hunger that gnaws in his belly and eats his being with how starved it is. Because he does; he hungers.
Sam didn’t need to be told, but he humored Dean. He took Jack off of speaker, pressed Dean’s phone close. “Hey, do you remember your words for this week?” Sam asked, following Dean’s motions as the Impala swiveled into Silver Tree’s parking lot.
The stranger grinned, taking a cloth in his hand to dab at the sweat beading on his forehead. “I’m James C. Clare. I’m Miss Marissa Clayton’s court-appointed attorney.”
from it. Like a pagan god. That this holy creature should kneel before your high-built stone walls and parapets and offer his flesh and blood for you. He burns his incense and it smells like honey. His eyes glow with rapture and you feel yourself succumbing and you want to reach out and touch but it’s only when his porcelain face is ruined - painted with your own damnation in the form of his blood.
Bowing his head in concession, Cas continued. “Yes, that is true. The Druids meant it more like… trusting one’s gut. Rather than sticking to the story.” He grinned, rocking with Jack in his arms for a moment. “But the honeysuckle is rather hard to kill. That is why it means everlasting devotion.”
“Hey, man, so like…” Shaggy trailed his words off as the dude halted in his steps. His shoulders were large and intimidating but his face made him seem softer and more approachable. It was easier speaking to the guy, Castiel, when faced with his - well,
“I didn’t, uh…” Dean trailed off awkwardly. “If I’d have known, we coulda split up so you got to go with Fred, yanno?”
The last time that Castiel hungers, he understands that he never knew what hunger was in the first place.
“That wasn’t supposed to happen!” Marissa roared, her hands clawing at the air as she spoke. “Haley and I had a good thing going. She got
Castiel retreated. He was the Righteous Man. He was touched by angels. Literally and figuratively. Surely, Dean Winchester should be able to perceive him.
“See ya then,” Dean signed off, removing the phone from his ear to hang up. He swiped the red button before turning to face Cas. “I know you and the kid usually share a bed but—” he started.
He was beautiful, Dean often thought, but especially in moments like these. The cuffs of his jeans were muddied and his bare feet were buried in the soil where he sat with Jack in his lap. Dean hated how Cas refused to wear shoes outside, but he had claimed to like being closer to the Earth. Dean couldn’t argue with him. He wouldn’t argue with him; not for what made him happy.
“Right,” Dean’s reply felt as tight as his throat. Constricting and choking. He turned from Sam. “Let’s just gank the sons of bitches and get outta here.”
,” Dean stood, taking the book in his hand and holding it under his arm. “Yeah, being told I’m literally dragging him down is
Dean rolled his eyes, dishing out the pancakes onto a plate. Behind them, Sam and Jack were deeply engaged in some conversation about a show that Dean had feigned interest in for their sake. Not that he liked it. Who cared if the cheerleader might’ve killed someone? Definitely not Dean. “Pretty sure the one on my shoulder is
Objectively, Dean could understand how Winchesters were the stuff of legends. Not to sound too conceited, but
“Marissa, don’t do this,” Sam said before Dean could threaten her again. Dean’s finger twitched over the trigger. If he shot, he’d be shooting to put her down. There was no telling how long it’d be until the cops got here. They were probably already called, and there was no explaining this one. It would have to be a drop and run.
. And you pour out your devotion in supplication there on your knees and you ache in a way that has never been possible for you before. You are so
“You were the Michael Sword,” Cas frowned. “You were literally and figuratively touched by angels. You were meant to perceive our true forms.”
“That’s more than enough,” Sam reassured her. “Thank you, Marissa.” He stood, straightening his suit jacket. “And… we’re sorry for your loss.”
Dean felt trapped. He couldn’t deny the similarity Cas brought up, but if he tried arguing then Cas would say he’d forfeited all the words Dean had whispered into his second skin about how beautiful both of his forms were. Dean
? He asked him as much with a raised brow. Sam answered with a purposeful furrow and a thinning of his lips. Apparently, Sam
Cas inhaled sharply, eyes widening. Dean wasn’t stupid. He was self-aware enough to know what Cas had meant every time he had said those words. Dean was tired of being afraid to return the sentiment. “Dean,” Cas spoke his name with benediction.
Dean grunted, pulling Cas close and hands reaching out for the nearest rings floating around Cas. “If you stop now, Cas, I swear—” he cut himself off with the sweetest whine pulling from his core when Cas returned the touch.
“Rhat’s re.” Scooby pointed to himself, grinning before he looked to Shaggy. “Raggy’s ras ramed Roville.”
“So get this,” Sam called for Dean’s attention again. “Moira Doherty claimed in an interview that her ancestors were settlers that bought up the land from the Seminoles. They traded some beads and furs for it.” He listed, continuing as he scrolled. “From there, the deed has been passed down from generation to generation. She claims that her ancestors were accused of witchcraft and burned at the stake on the same land.”
Castiel kept their assumptions to themselves. They did not wish to lessen Ananiel’s view of them. Their Garrison Captain had humored them enough with their lack of understanding. They were still young. Perhaps with age, Castiel would know. For now, they would wait with the hope of understanding one day.
“Dean—” Sam started but the aggressive rustling of the trees cut him off. A large, shadowed figure darted to and fro. Dean and Sam went on the alert, eyes adjusting to the dark in the midst of the sudden adrenaline rush.
“If you take Pine down on Pine and 3rd, you’ll see Silver Tree right there on the right.” Sam smiled tightly—perhaps effected—but more polite than Dean. “You can’t miss it.”
Cas smiled and it reached his eyes. Dried up his happy tears and flashed his gums. “I know,” he spoke in that gentle rasp of his, like the purr of Baby’s engine.
Turning slowly, Dean felt his heart skip and freeze within the cavity of his chest when his eyes locked with Cas’. He opened his mouth in several aborted attempts to speak. Dean felt petrified by Medusa’s gaze.
Dean couldn’t speak. He could hardly shake his head, but it seemed that Cas could hear his answer. Hell, Cas probably
“Hey, Cas,” Dean returned. He swallowed heavily again, grabbing the book on the nightstand and carrying it over to Cas. Stopping short of Cas, Dean exhaled shakily. “You didn’t hear everything.” The words felt unnecessary given that Cas was already giving him this chance.
as the second werewolf collided with him. Gritting his teeth, Dean wrestled with the wolf above him, hoping to grab the knife strapped to his side. He mentally cursed Sam for being right about two damn wolves.
“I think it was…” Marissa looked up at Sam, eyes wide before she gave a startled laugh. “We could see the stars.” She smiled, eyes glossing slightly as she moved far away. “Brad… Brad said we should follow the Dipper’s handle.” Shrugging, Marissa shook her head. “I… I’m about as directional as a homing pigeon with a head wound. That’s all I’ve got.”
Suddenly, Castiel heard a faint voice. It was quieter than a songbird’s first tune but thrice as precious. Dean Winchester’s voice called out, a silent prayer, a calling of longing. Castiel’s eyes widened and yet Jack looked as if he had been expecting this.
Abby looked between them, pen jotting down as they spoke. She smirked, raising an eyebrow toward Sam. “
Carefully, Dean took the dolphin into his palm. It wasn’t as terrible as Marissa made it out to be, but it was far from professional. The shakily painted
He wondered if he now understood what Ananiel had meant all those years ago. Watching the Righteous Man, shoulders heavy and eyes dim, Castiel was reminded of the crying child. Only this time, the child did not allow themselves to cry when they needed something. Instead, Dean Winchester held his tongue. He cleaned his gun as Sam Winchester lay sleeping in the opposite bed.
s occasionally as they moved to the Impala’s trunk. Hefting more silver into their guns and on their person, Dean slammed Baby’s trunk closed when they finished. Their steps were heavy and quick. There was no need for covertness. Not when Cas and Jack were in there.
. Slicing it was messy but not difficult. He set the one half in front of Cas just as he finished his own Burger Burger.
look pitiful and Shaggy understood what Scoob was picking up. “Man, are we talking about Fred or are we talking about
Cas gave a nod of agreement, tilting his head the opposite way as he continued to read the article. “Seeing as how we’ve posed as Wildlife agents, we could propose concern for something rabid infesting her land.” He raised a brow, pointing his question toward Sam and Dean.
Cas’ lips ticked up in amusement and something fond blossomed within Dean’s chest at the sight. Not that he looked at Cas. Not that he looked at Cas
,” Dean mocked under his breath. “Fine. We’ll call and set up the interview while you’re phoning Rowena.” He huffed, turning to flick the one laptop open. “Let’s just get going. If I have to spend another night in Florida heat with
“What?” Cas furrowed his brow, rubbing the hand that wasn’t holding his mug along his jaw. He held his palm to his face, but when nothing came with it, he turned his questioning gaze to Jack.
Dean couldn’t fight the smile, reaching for Jack automatically and securing him to his hip. “Hey, kid,” he grinned as Jack’s shoes began to kick at Dean’s thigh.
Or what once was his favorite Paradise. The kind afternoon of an even kinder man had long been his solace. The red kite crafted in 1953 was replaced with a black beauty whose make was fourteen years later after Castiel raised the Righteous Man from Hell. Crowley was right to smell the Impala all over Castiel’s form because there is no place he would rather be.
You’re tired of starving, but you don’t want him to bleed any more than he has for you. He bleeds too damn much for you. You sometimes wonder if that’s the only love you will ever know; a heart coated in blood sacrificed on your altar.
Dean grinned, pulling Cas’ hand up to his face, just pressing his lips on Cas’ knuckles for a moment. “I could go for a midnight cruise.”
Cassie’s hands drew around his waist from behind him. Humming into his neck, Cassie drew him backward with her. He thought about it in an absent sense, walking away from the sunflowers.
Dean frowned, looking from Cas to the flowers. “I thought sunflowers rotated with the sun or whatever.”
You want to touch him. You are breathless and undone. His blood is on you. You wonder if it's a cruel irony that this last time that he has touched you he is coated in his own blood. Why does he have to be bleeding for you to touch? Suns and moons align with less blood spilled between them, but when it comes to
“So a witch’s ghost?” Dean huffed a laugh. When Sam only looked at him in confusion, Dean elaborated. “Like the Scooby-Doo movie? With Tim Curry?”
“Then, like, what’s stopping them, man?” Shaggy shrugged furrowing his brow and feeling a little out of his depth. Scooby didn’t look too much better, either.
With a flash of starfire, Dean’s bones felt too confining, his skin too tight, and Cas grazed across him—
. Jack’s eyes are so youthful and yet calculating in a way that he should not be; in a way that Castiel would never want him to be. Castiel was once a hammer, and he had not wished that faith on his—on their—on Jack.
Dean took the ointment, squelching some of it into his palm. He exhaled shakily, slathering it gently over Cas’ wound. Cas barely winced and yet the muscle of his arm felt tense beneath Dean’s hand.
. Dean was the problem. Dean and his anger. Dean and his lack of words. Dean and standing there silently all the while Cas—
What he could look at was Mom holding Sammy. He was only a couple of months old, but Mom was excitedly talking to him as if he could talk back. Dad said he wouldn’t be able to talk for a while. That didn’t seem to bother Mom. She was content to describe the flowers to Sammy. They were taller than Dean was. Mom said they wouldn’t get any bigger, but one day
Dean’s body clenched, shouting as he spilled over their physical forms. His soul pulsated, throbbing beneath Cas’ touch until he followed suit. Panting, Cas buried himself in Dean’s neck, felt the familiar withdrawal of his form.
… there were moments of time that would pass that to the Winchesters was months, or sometimes the reverse was true. And I would be fighting for months and have only been gone a few minutes.”
“Hello, Dean,” Cas whispered. His tie had been discarded. Was he wearing it when he came into the bedroom? The rough scrap of his beard helped Dean’s grounding. Blinking slowly, Dean could make out the familiar shapes of their bedroom ceiling.
as you say,” Cas spoke gently, “would hardly be where he was if it wasn’t for the humans in his charge.” His words were careful, measured, and Dean wondered if Cas was walking on eggshells too. If they were
“Even still,” Cas continued, either ignorant to or unaware of their silent conversation. “I would like to see that Jack has the required ten hours of sleep.”
“She was scared and we didn’t get here until three days after the accident,” Sam defended, but even his understanding demeanor seemed tainted by worry.
Cas thinned his lips into a line. His gaze flickered like a candle, searching and exploring and making Dean feel seen and
“You’re not,” Dean spat fiercely, hands grasping Cas’ shoulders tightly. “Every last one of those bastards has tried convincing you that you’re broken. That you came off the line that way. That you’re—they tell you you’re—” Dean swallowed, fervor lost before turning into a whisper. “Cas, I might not know what you really look like beyond this body, but if you’re anything like I
Cas to bring the damn truck? It felt fucking selfish to want that. To want Jack kicking the back of Sam’s seat until Cas’ soothing voice urged him to stop. To want Cas’ electric blue gaze to meet his own every time he glanced into the back seat. To want Sam and Cas’ laughter over whatever show they were planning on binging this weekend. It felt selfish, but when had Dean Winchester been anything but? He helped fix the world and then broke the world order one more time just to get his angel back.
Bumbling for a moment, James gawped. “I understand what you mean, Agent.” He turned between the two of them. “But, well, you’re the professionals here. You’re better equipped should you come across the vicious animal whodunnit.” There was another attempt at a smile. “You Fish, Wildlife, and Parks folk are better suited than any of my men to be out there.”
“And what, Dean?” Sam rebutted. “Ask Cas to come with us? Leave the four-year-old in the motel room by himself?”
“A favor?” Dean leaned forward on his elbows, leveling James with his own scrutinizing glare that made the man squirm.
bastard when he wanted to be, and Dean loved him for it. Leaning forward, Dean kissed the shell of Cas’ ears before returning to his pancake making.
down here taking a breather. Cas had wanted to take Jack to some reservation or something. Sam’s software had detected the mysterious death of two separate hikers and a solo camper before they had got here. They hadn’t made it in time to stop Brad’s death, but hopefully, they could prevent any more.
Taking Dean’s earlobe into his mouth, Cas bit gently before sucking an apology into the skin. He could feel it; his grace reaching out for Dean. Instead of thick, blue tendrils cradling Dean’s wrist, they reached forward until they captured a bright, green star buried in a sky of freckles.
“Whaddya think, Jack? Do you like the colors?” Dean hummed, watching Jack’s gummy smile as the kid waved up at him.
“Eck,” Sam rolled his eyes and returned to his seat at the kitchen table. “What did we say about the
, huh?” Grinning, Abby ripped the paper from her book. “Is he named after the Angel of Thursday too?”
been told I’m a catch.” He shrugged, kissing the top of Cas' head. “You’re lucky that was the most mind-blowing orgasm I’ve had in a while or else I’d be making us clean up before you pass out.”
anyway.” There is a muttering of words that Castiel does not strain himself to understand but Dean turns to face him and continues. “Seriously, go on. You perch on some telephone wire while Sam and I get a few hours.”
“Bye, Sammy!” Jack waved with the hand still clutching his car. Sam waved back, nodding to Dean and Cas before ducking out of the motel room. Jack turned to look at the car in his hand before holding it out. “Is this ugly?”
Grinning, Dean couldn’t tell who had moved his body to the bed. Whether Cas was giving him the reigns or only waiting for his permission to do so. It was an out of body experience while being stuffed within one’s body too tightly. There were two beings in this frail, human form now. It left Dean feeling afloat in his own skin.
“She’s the Alpha,” Cas heaved from behind Marissa. Dean glanced his way, eyes gauging Cas’ injuries anxiously. There was a mean chunk of the bookshelf that had impaled Cas’ shoulder. Nothing grievous but enough that he was bloody and weak and Dean just saw
Dean didn’t know if he could deal with the threat of sharks anyway. Monsters? Silver bullets and knives and stakes. He could deal. Having to punch a shark to preserve his life and limb?
Dean swallowed heavily. “Yeah, Cas. I know.” Dean reached for the supplies on the table, fingers attempting to catch the gauze tape in his grip. Instead, the tape rolled, threatening to fall off the table’s edge. Dean reached forward thoughtlessly, not realizing he was leaning
But then Cas had thrown his hand down. Shown Dean he had a better poker face than he’d ever given the angel credit for. He’d played a royal flush and Dean had followed that drain down until he was drowning in a teary smile being swallowed by an unfathomable deep. Dean hadn’t even known what game they were
“The other guy,” she started, “the one who was in here with the toddler,” Marissa explained. Her eyebrow quirked, the first vision of humor on her face she had had since the interview started after Cas carried Jack out of the room.
“Dean,” Sam called for him, causing him to look over from his gun. “We told James where Marissa lived.”
Hunter’s Network.” He corrected haughtily. “Even if you won’t acknowledge that people actually look up to you, you’re still
“That’s not true,” Sam argued. “I mean, Chuck literally said you were the only one who didn’t fall back into line, right?” He pointed with his fork, taking a sip of whatever he had poured for himself into the cup. Probably some Hi-C Fruit Punch flavor.
Dean’s words hit him and his eyes widened. He stared off into a spot behind Sam, not looking at anything in particular but gazing. Gazing and wondering what part of him still held their dad aloft on his pedestal. What part of him was still
Dean frowned some. He was feeling a protectiveness deep within that was usually just reserved for Sam. He didn't know who the "you" in this song was, but he knew that he didn't like him.
Dean was almost pressed to the doorway now, knowing that whatever happened next was going to be awful for Cas.
When Castiel looked over his eyes and face once again devoid of all emotion, even though the male was admittedly on the more beautiful side of humans. Dean was able to keep his face more neutral this time compared to the first angel he encountered in the showroom. If anything his face was set in a hard expression that his dad with a military background showed more often than not, and Dean could replicate almost perfectly. It definitely made him look angrier than he really was but he knew that with the angelic beings, one would rather they believe this than think they could get the better of him. Though his face gave nothing away in what he was thinking or feeling, Dean wondered if he was as docile as the guide claimed.  He shifted his eyes away from the angel and looked back to the waiting man. "And his wings?" he asked. "I was told that I could view them before making my final decision." He looked back at the angel keeping the hard rigid military front though his heart was pounding at the thought of actually seeing the angelic beings wings in full form.  It was one of the fantasies that got him going the most. There were lots of stories on the forums about what they looked like, felt like, even
Castiel turned around as if to go back inside, but instead he opened the door and out walked a girl… two girls… three girls who were all giggling.  The three of them had on ruffled clothes and their hair was slightly messed up from sleep or sex, probably both, and their eyes half asleep and half dazed from whatever drug that had tried the night before. Castiel didn’t seem to favor one and in fact, talked to them as a collective group calling them all ‘ladies’ instead of by their individual names.  Cas had once told Dean this was so he wouldn’t hurt any of the girls feelings if he had gotten a name wrong or said the wrong name during intercourse.  At the time, Dean had laughed and called this tactic, “classy.”
Dean's eyebrows raised, impressed with the sound of this guys voice. Stage fright completely gone, Castiel had complete control of the room now.
Cas frowned some and leaned back on his hands, breaking the contact their arms briefly had. "I like it." He mumbled lamely and lifted the cigarette back to his mouth to take a drag.
"Would you like me to prepare you something, Master?" Castiel again asked. He wanted to turn the conversation away from himself. He didn't want to answer anymore questions. There was not enough of himself left to truly even exist anymore. From what he had endured, he spent years becoming this stoic being, and one human male who would only be in existence for a speck of time wouldn't be changing that.
Cas hesitated for a moment before he started up the long driveway to the mansion. The pounding in his heart seemed to get faster and louder with every step that he took.
Dean looked down at the table incredulously not sure why the guy thought that singing songs could save the world. “... and plan C is…?”
All words that he would use to describe her just at a glance. Cas stood off to the side of the stage, watching the band get everything together.
“It’s lower than that.” Chuck watched as Dean absentmindedly rubbed his hand over his chest before looking away trying to find the words to describe what he meant. “Sometimes it hurts. Sometimes it doesn’t.”
?” The question was out of Dean’s mouth before he realized he was asking out loud. “I mean… she doesn’t seem to be his type.” Gabe shrugged a little. “I don’t get it much myself but they do say opposites attract.” The older Novak took another drink of his beer and looked over to the stage where the band was starting to get their instruments together for Meg’s audition. “I don’t know,” Gabe continued as he watched her, “Castiel was in rough shape when he got here. She was the one who pulled him out of his depression. Well, the worst of it anyway. Still working on the rest of it…”
Just as the bass solo started Gabe jumped up from his seat making Dean look over at Sam confused. Sam’s expression practically matched Dean’s and he moved some to get a better look at where Gabe was headed. He shrugged again at Dean but the concern was clear in his eyes. Dean looked back toward the stage, figuring he was headed to Meg in order to congratulate on getting a spot in his show, but surprisingly he made a beeline straight to Cas.
"On your knees." Dean commanded simply, voice not overly harsh.  He watched as Castiel complied easily, doing exactly as he was told.  He took in the sight of the man kneeling before him and chewed his lower lip once more as his head filled with daydreams of what it would be like to see his mouth wrapped around his cock.  His cock twitched and he held in a grunt as he forced himself to ignore his own desires and move down to connect the metal rings on the back of his thigh cuffs to the ones on his ankles, ensuring the angel was uncomfortably stuck on his knees and unable to stand. Castiel watched, accepting whatever fate was to come, again showing no signs of emotion.  Dean expected no less as he had clearly put the wall back up already retreating inside himself. Not that he had exposed much of who he was.  Still, Dean was going to try working with what info he had.
“You did your brother good. Hell, the kid’s smarter than anyone I know. But he didn’t get to where he is alone,” Bobby said lecturing him one night. It was true that Dean dropped out of high school to take care of his brother after his parents died in a house fire more than a few years back. The only reason that Dean even bothered to get his GED was because Bobby threatened to fire him from the garage if he didn’t. That was their deal. Dean could work full time if he promised to get that damn certificate. “Sam is exactly where he needs to be. But what are you doing for you now that he’s gone?” It was a conversation Bobby brought up more often than Dean liked and by now he almost knew them by heart. Going to California for the summer was Sam’s idea, but Dean secretly wondered if Bobby had helped plant the idea in his little brother’s brain.
