At the scene the officers shuffled awkwardly. Sherlock shook his head and closed his magnifier with click and stood up.
He tried to get out a word, something to stop the quite pretty woman leaving but he was busy not to fall on his ass as the young lady untagled them hastily from the leashes.
As he closed the door behind him the last thing he heard was John: "Shh don't worry love. I will come back."
Mycroft's eyebrows shot up. "My brother is clean inspector. No need to worry about that. However I would also much prefer if they would stay away frome each other. There is no need for Sheelock to start to care about someone."
After an hour of this he was losing determination for that day but then a golden retriver-australian shepherd walked by under his window. The dog was smaller than the average of his kind, but still had a powerful build. Sherlock eyes quickly jumped to the master. The woman had a long pastel coat on and a colourful jumper underneath. She was a bit mousy looking but Sheelock could see her with his master.
"You cured me." John looked at him like Sherlock was God himself. No one ever looked at him like that. No matter what he did. He could solve a case, save children or adults, know the answer for sometheing and no one would look at him with awe. Except John. Sherlock could be himself with him and John liked it.
Suddenly a hand appeared on his shoulder. He looked up and saw Aphrodite. She smiled sadly in response at the angry glare the half god threw at her with unshed tears in his eyes.
It was darkening already and Sherlock calculated that he would have to spend two hours without John in the flat if he kept up with his pace.
Sherlock pursed his lips and clenched his fist. “I. Don’t. Have. Feelings. For. John.” He said in a kind of repressed voice.
He noticed that there was still no sound so he slowly sat against the wall and took in his surroundings.
Today Sherlock decided to test how long did one of the stray dogs' tolerance could be stretched. It barely took five minutes and the dog was chasing them.
Lestrade realising that Anderson was deadset on crossing the line stepped forward. He was about to get the letter out of his hand, with force if he had to but he was interrupted by a loud tearing sound.
Lestrade flinched as the paintball caught him on the back of his neck. They both turned around so fast that thinking back to it Lestrade was suprised that their heads were still in place.
"It was fourteen years ago, she must have gotten over it-" He trailed off, noticing that everyone was regarding him with narrowed eyes. Just as if it was an instinct he looked at John for answers. "Not good?" He asked tentatively.
He closed his eyes then as Hades’s loud clap thundered through the hall. A moment later when he opened his eyes he was standing beside a swimming pool. Thankfully they didn’t land right in it.
He growled and shut the book he was checking angrily. This is way he didn’t do feelings. They muddled up everything. Well, mostly just his work, but that was the only thing Sherlock really got.
Aphrodite just huffed. “You mean the Goddess of everything you don’t understand and secretly want?” She pulled up a challenging eyebrow and for a moment Sherlock was caught off guard, but quickly covered it up and was ready to retort but then the door swung open.
In the end Sherlock managed to manipulate John into choosing the circus as a first date. Sherlock’s stomach churned at the possibility that that could be more. John couldn’t leave him, he didn’t want to be alone again.
“I am sorry… I mean, I didn’t know… ugh, I apologies for, for interrupting.” He shook his head to get back his senses which Sherlock thought was a marvellous idea, he was being a bigger idiot than usually. “Who is your guest Sherlock?”
Sherlock looked at him pityingly. "She was cheating on her husband of course she had one and because of that she wouldn't have left it home either. Conclusion, the murderer took it."
Lestrade smiled at the obvious anticipation. The younger man was like a child on a christmas morning. Though Lestrade wasn't so suprised anymore that the detective was so eager to see his husband again. They learned how really important John was to Sherlock in the past month.
He saw Sherlock a week later after he left countless massages and voicemails and tried to visit him at Baker St, but the landlady wouldn't let him go upstairs. She said that the detective was out, but Lestrade knew that was lie though he couldn't do anything about it.
Hell no. The man was in the cross fire. He operated at gun point. His job was that as soon as the bullet hit you he would dug it out and patch you up so you could go back and get revenge while you are still there.
Sherlock sometimes looked back and caught the woman glancing at them and John regarding him with curiosity.
Without wasting a moment Sherlock answered while getting up. “Just call her Ms. Blunt*.” he couldn’t help but smirk at the murderous glare Aphrodite shot him.
Their joyful moment was inturrepted by someone at the door. Sherlock, already knowing who it was motioned John to open it.
Lestrade was on his tip toes, one of his hand on Philip's shoulder, the other one reaching for the letter. In the monetary froze he quickly grabbed it and turned to John and Sherlock with am awkward cough.
John Watson. Sherlock tested the name in his head. Yes, quite fitting. Simple and unassuming like the man himself.
He battled with his inner self for a moment, but with a quick glance he reassured himself that Sherlock was still busy.
Greg felt bad for him, he knew that he needed to say something, anything, but he had no idea what. "Sherlock, I believe you." He said in the end, just before the man left. The consultant stopped in the doorway, his back facing the inspector.
Sherlock took a breath than he truned to Sally who was regarding the toung man with fear. "I am not even suprised by you. I knew you had no moral code, shame or brain from the moment I realised that you were sleeping with him." He motioned toward Anderson with his head. "It was pleasant first 3 seconds, don't you think?" Lestrade barely dared to breathe. He could hear that Sherlock's control on his emotions was thinning.
The phone... something with the phone. She had no phone on her.. the killer had it. A password. Tracking.
Sherlock gritted his teeth, knowing that the question was only asked from him because they knew how much he was against feelings. They hoped to make him uncomfortable.
His wrists ached and his hands burned as he fought not to let the leash slip out from between them. He was convinced that Sherlock would run off like a cannonball if it did.
Greg watched him as long as he could, his uniform and strict movements making him stick out the crowd like a sore thumb.
Sherlock was leaning onto John's shoulder, letting his husband hug him close. He was shaking as he held the soldier in a death grip.
"Oh, that was me." John srugged and winced. "He won't answer you because he says that he has no time for cases. I however thought that you were just worried."
Lestrade shushed the dog sitting between his legs as they waited for the passengers to appear. Beside him Sherlock was wriggling his fingers nervously and biting his bottom lip.
His head snapped up lightning fast. He watched the screen intently as the black and white dots slowly started to form a picture. Moriarty’s face quickly became visible in the chaos. Then they started to settle down and gain colour.
All of them regarded him with narrowed eyes and Sherlock looked back with a fierce look. “I need your help.” He announced simply.
“Logic can be defeated. Science isn’t all. You are an argument against yourself. You are a half God and no man who believes in Science, believes in Gods.” She looked him in the eyes, irritation and determination swimming in those green orbs. “Why can’t you see that you can go against your nature and be both? Why can you expect that in one part of yourself but not in the other?”
“Sherlock! What, oh ow, oh, Oi!” John exclaimed as his clothes were practically torn off, and he was shoved under the cold water spray.
John reluctantly followed the cabbie into the school. The cabbie remained silent and drifted behind John, the gun aimed in between his shoulders.
Sherlock tensed before answering. He kept his head down as he spoke. “It’s obvious, isn’t?.” He said quietly, before raising his voice and kept it flat. “Your parents pester you about not having a wife, and for the next three weeks after visiting them, you will go out with a few dates, trying not that hard to actually turn any of those dates into a long term relationship and then you’ll give up for who knows why honestly. You’re gonna have to settle on someone John, so just get on with and stop dragging me through it all,” he snapped out the last bit before turning his back to John.
John kept quiet as he watched the situation unfold; Marie obviously had a previous loving family and he saw Sherlock’s anger dissolve into a something he never seen on Sherlock before: heartbreak.
John paused for a moment. “Okay...hold on.” He sat up, pulling his pants and jeans down a bit lower. He maneuvered slightly, inserting a finger into himself.
the hotel, all complaining about indecent noises and an indecent sight from their sitting room window.” Lestrade explained to John.
Sherlock hummed as John’s hands moved around his neck and onto his shoulders. He was feeling aroused as John massaged further down, brushing firmly against his right nipple.
I am currently writing a much longer fic that takes place after reichenbach (not to do with this story at all) and will begin publishing that soon, so subscribe if you want to be notified : )
Sherlock lowered the panties slightly enough to see more of John’s cock, before licking a strip from base to tip.
John was lying in a bed after being questioned for nearly an hour. He was being admitted to stay overnight at the hospital and was required to be admitted into a rehab hospital that dealt with people like him for at least a month. After that he had no idea where he was going. And that was frightening him. That man who helped him down off the ledge, Sherlock was his name had seemed earnest in being friends and John, although he wouldn’t admit it out loud, was really looking forward to that.
John sucked at Sherlock’s neck as Sherlock turned the taps to warm up the water. They were standing in their shower, aroused and still cold from their little swim in the Atlantic.
“But, although the student can count for Kent’s alibi, its flawed. He was having an affair with Kent. Kent wanted a divorce, but his wife wanted to work things out. So he killed her, made it look like a burglary gone wrong, told the student to lie for him. Promised him a passing grade.”
“Here Sherlock, take small sips of this,” John said as he opened the can. “And keep your eyes on the horizon.”
John let out a shaky breath, and brought his face to his hands, taking in deep breaths. Sherlock pulled him to the side, so that his head was resting on his Sherlock’s shoulder. He found this position a bit uncomfortable but it seemed to be helping John, whose breathing was beginning to slow down and his face, once scrunched up, was relaxing, and it wasn’t until his breathing completely quiet did Sherlock realize he had fallen asleep. Sherlock gently pulled John so that he was lying on his side on the bed, his head on Sherlock’s chest, his hand clutching Sherlock’s t-shirt. Sherlock wasn’t really that tired, but the peacefulness got to him and before he knew it, he was drifting off.
John blinked, and after about a minute for the room to gain clarity, he made his way to the bathroom.
Sherlock hummed, wrapping his arms around John’s shoulders. “Just finishing things off with the case. The police here were incompetent.”
“Fuck” he muttered trying to keep a safe hold on the baby while trying to scoop up the other two only to hit his head hard. “F-FUCK!” He yelled, scrambling out from under the sink, loosing the mouse he was holding. He whimpered, rubbing his head gently. He was bruised, sweaty, hungry and completely unaware of the now flushed red (and hard) consulting detective standing in the doorway.
“No, but she did collect animals made by taxidermists as well as furs and wall décor of animals that shouldn't be hunted, like that tiger rug in the sitting room.”
“Look, can you just go please? I’m fine on my own and I don’t need your help or your comfort so please just fuck off.” The man snapped.
Sherlock looked at John, his eyes wide. John smiled and titled his head. Sherlock grinned back, his eyes gleaming as he kissed John.
The next time John awoke, it was due to the lack of warmth. He opened his eyes to find the back of the sofa in his view. He glanced over his shoulder to find Sherlock sitting in his chair, slightly plucking at his violin. John then turned over and stretched, his back unhappy with the night spent on the sofa. Sherlock snapped out of his mind palace to see John awake and he caught eye contact with John, who could see that Sherlock’s eyes no longer were red. John stood up and walked over to his chair and sat down, ready for Sherlock to open up.
John then spun around without seeing Sherlock’s face contort into a look of shock and walked determining to the kitchen for the medical kit.
Sherlock huffed, and prevented John from saying another word by grabbing his face and bringing his lips towards him. The two kissed roughly, nipping and sucking, their arousal deepening.
The room was exactly has it been before the guest had checked in. Sherlock looked around the room and there was almost nothing revealing that someone had checked out this room. Almost. There was an imprint of a body on the bed although the bed was fully and professionally made which indicated the person might’ve been to tired to actually get into bed. That possibility disappeared from his mind when his eyes fell on the figure outside on the balcony, not standing, but sitting on the ledge. Sherlock was caught off guard and for longer than he would admit, his brain froze. He had no idea what to do. He looked around and found nothing else relating to the man apart from what was clearly a suicide note on the small table in the corner. After he regained his senses, Sherlock pulled out his phone and sent a text to Lestrade.
“Mhm...oh right what were you trying to ask me John?” Sherlock said calmly as he turned back from facing the sofa placing his feet at the edge of the sofa, hugging his legs.
“Sherlock…” John tried to look irritated, but the intense orgasm he just had was making him smile. He looked up at Sherlock as he hailed a cab.
John shook his head, his lips quivering. He wasn’t crying, his eyes practically dry, but his forehead was gleaming with sweat, and his body was slightly trembling.
Sherlock looked up, his breathing finally somewhat normalized. “You think so?”, his eyebrow quirking up.
John licked his lips, his eyes widening. “No seducing, Sherlock…” he said, his voice cracking a bit. “Just…wait until after the dinner, mkay?”
Sherlock bypassed him, and walked into the room, glancing around before looking over at the large window that lead to a view of London. He looked around and then walked back into the room, bypassing the body and blood.
John’s hips bucked forward, a muffled moan escaping from his throat. There was a loud knock on the door and some shouting but John couldn’t do anything as Sherlock began to suck the leaking head of his cock.
Sherlock mumbled, rolling his eyes. John removed his hand, combing it instead though Sherlock’s hair before tugging slightly as he leaned forward for more.
"Yes, Sherlock...fuck..." John moaned against Sherlock's lips as Sherlock rocked against him. "Yes, love...oh you feel so good." John gasped as Sherlock bit his shoulder. He licked the mark before sucking John's skin, determined to leave a mark. "Oh love...oh...Sherlock" John whispered. He nipped as Sherlock's throat, moving a hand in between them.
“How are you John?” She asked. She was told that Sherlock would attend the session but wouldn’t speak unless asked to. Sherlock sat next to John, their hands clasped together.
“Do you want to be friends?” He asked suddenly, causing John to suddenly shift his gaze up at Sherlock. “Because I was honest when I said I didn’t have any and thought we…” He stopped.
When Sherlock returned, John had (embarrassingly) fallen asleep on the sofa. Apparently he couldn’t wait any longer and came sitting right there; his jeans wrinkled and a few tissues on the floor. Obviously running around after a serial killer and then participating in a very heated snog can make him very sleepy. Sherlock wanted to let him sleep, but knew he would rather get cleaned up first.
John breathed deeply before grasping Sherlock’s arse hard, lifting the taller man up. Sherlock wrapped his legs around John’s waist, resting his back against the stonewall.
“Oh like that’s going to stop us.” Sherlock said lightly, grabbing John’s hand and sprinting through the guard, knocking him down.
“What the hell are you two doing here?” The man yelled again, his flashlight shining directly at them.
Silence infiltrated the room and neither one of them moved. John had already sat down in front of Sherlock so his leg wasn’t in any pain and he kept his gaze focused on the floor. The silence wasn’t awkward as it could have been, but there was some tension in the air John was too afraid to question. Luckily for him, Sherlock hated the feeling of unease.
“We’re clean.” Sherlock stated, placing his lips roughly onto John’s neck, sucking and biting and licking again to soothe as John began mumbling incoherent words. Sherlock hands found their way back to John’s jeans, and elegantly pulled they down along with John’s
“Alright, it was. He’d hit me when I wouldn’t want to have sex a certain way and he’d call me names. I ended it after he broke my wrist. I wasn’t just letting it happen.” John said angrily, wiping a few tears away.
Sherlock was sitting in the kitchen when John walked out of the shower, clad only in a towel wrapped around his waist. Sherlock disregarded the paper he was reading and followed John into the bedroom.
When Sherlock was fully inside him, he paused to let him get used to it all. “Okay?” Sherlock asked gently, his face resting on John’s shoulder, their chests pressed tightly together.
John Watson and Sherlock Holmes were men of many things. And now together, they were more than just fine.
“Hey, its okay. Come here.” John sat against the headboard and led Sherlock to straddle his thighs allowing their clothed erections to come into contact. At the sudden closeness and warmth being so close to John, Sherlock’s breathing to quicken, his trousers grew tighter.
Sherlock Holmes was a man of many things. He had been many things as well in only 34 years of his life. And now, when the most bravest, kindest, and wisest human being he has ever had the good fortune of knowing tells him that he is in love with Sherlock, Sherlock himself feels he is no longer just
“Yes John, another pet taken away from me. I’ve always loved dogs John. Always. But it never lasted. First Redbeard, then a neighbor’s dog that I was allowed to watch for a whole month. I was 13 and my parents thought I wouldn’t get attached after only a month but I did. They had to break open my bedroom door, I had locked myself and the dog in there so they wouldn’t they give him back. Then there was Marie.” Sherlock said rapidly.
Paramedics and some officers had made their way into the room already. A paramedic came up to the man and Sherlock placed a blanket over them. Sherlock was grateful, as was the man, that no one was trying to pry them apart for both these men needed someone, and now seemed to have found that person.
“Its two words.” Was all John could say. He accepted the fact that Sherlock will find out, and with this John’s started blushing extremely. And of course Sherlock noticed.
floor of the St. Reagents Hotel last night without any overnight bag. He finished the beer and tossed the can onto the balcony. He was perched on the ledge, his feet dangling below him. The patio door was closed (but not locked) so he didn’t hear the front door opening.
As the two kissed and sucked and nipped each other, John shoved off his coat, and then shucked Sherlock’s off. He then moved his hands swiftly over Sherlock’s shirt, unbuttoning it. He ran his hands over Sherlock’s chest, twisting his nipples. He leaned forward, latching onto one, swirling his tongue around the nub, feeling it harden in his mouth.
“Mmh, what?” John groaned, sitting up slightly to peer at Sherlock, who had already pulled on his coat and scarf.
“Oh, Sherlock, I could never even imagine leaving you.” He said, pulling Sherlock into a tight hug. “I care for you and love you too much to ever even imagine life without you. But promise me something too, promise me you’ll be more open about what you’re thinking and feeling, okay? Not all of us can read minds.” Sherlock let out a breath of laughter at the joke and nodded.
John hummed in response, and made his way to the kettle, pressing a soft kiss upon Sherlock’s head along the way.
John stared at him. “So then why are you upset? Is it just because I didn’t tell you? You didn’t tell me you had a drug problem—.”
John let out a soft laugh as Sherlock spilled an excess amount onto his fingers before moving his hand down to John’s entrance.
Sherlock then lifted John’s arse off the stretcher, taking even more, moans and hums escaping his throat.
Sherlock eyed the life-vest in dislike but slipped his coat off anyway, slipping the vest over his pale blue shirt. Before he could get his coat back on, John stopped him, handing him a windbreaker.
“John.” Sherlock simply said, sticking his hand all the way down his pants. He stroked his cock slowly, tilting his head back slightly, revealing his very pale neck.
“…Right, okay, that’s fine…I’ll just see you…later.” Sherlock said, and after a brief glance at John, he was gone, and John was left alone in the new flat.
“Oh, my apologies,” Bill said. “This is Layla, my girlfriend. Layla, the brunette, shook John’s hand, covering her smile behind her other. “And this is Emily.” Charlie said, kissing the very blushing redhead.
John looked at him, softening his facial expression as Sherlock hesitantly met his gaze after several minutes looking at his hands in his lap.
“Good morning John. What did you want to do today?” Sherlock asked, not completely sure if that’s what he should be asking.
Sherlock was seen with Lestrade in the conference room, Lestrade sitting at the table worn out and Sherlock standing still, staring at the white board.
Before Sherlock could show John, a blurry of movement happened, and time seemed to have slowed down.
Sherlock then made his way slowly and logically, knocked softly on the balcony door. The man flinched at the noise, his hands tightening their hold on the ledge. He sat up straighter and glanced behind his shoulder but didn’t object. Sherlock opened the door slowly. The man on the ledge didn’t ease at the intrusion but remained silent, not aggressive or in fear.
Sherlock awoke to the smell of John, and stale tea. He tried to get up but the puppy was still sitting on his chest staring up at him. Sherlock cocked his head to the side and the puppy slowing and oddly got up and stretched it’s non broken limbs and made its way off of Sherlock. Once on the ground, the puppy looked up at Sherlock who took a minute to realize that the puppy was probably thirsty again. Sherlock made his way to the kitchen to get the puppy water when his foot bumped something on the ground: a bowl filled with water. Sherlock smiled slightly, happy that John wasn’t like Mycroft and despised dogs and lead the puppy to the water. As the dog lapped up a mouthful, Sherlock heard John slowly make his was down the stairs.
Sherlock was pulled upwards by Carl Kent, a small knife in one hand. A light was turned on. A swift movement and the next thing that happened, a gun was being pulled out and then there was a gunshot.
Sherlock smiled at him, the moment broken by an awkward cough behind them. Looking around, John gasped as a rather large group of people were gathered along the balcony, many having not noticing the two previously shagging men, but a good handful had noticed, their cheeks red from holding in their laughter.
“Sherlock?” john said. There was a pause, and then Sherlock’s deep laughed entered the cell, causing John to laugh back. He laughed with Sherlock, lying down onto the cot.
“What the hell is going on?!” A woman’s voice appeared behind John, who swung around, stumbling backwards. He placed his hand on the wall, finding the light switch. After turning the lights on, John could make out the intruders. There were at least six of them, including the scrawny one lying on the kitchen floor clutching his bleeding nose. The woman was a slim woman of color, her cheeks flushed.
Sherlock held back his response. He noticed the man was clearly agitated and so Sherlock held back his cold response and decided to say something safer.
Sherlock worked his fingers in. He worked in a third and soon John was breathing heavily against him.
Sherlock remained silent, but sat back down next to John. He observed him, noticing his breathing was still fast, his hands and jaw clenching.
He realised he hadn’t responded to John and he quickly cleared his throat, and tried to respond but no words came out. He was speechless. Sherlock Holmes was speechless because of an unknown emotion etched on his best friend’s face.
The two broke apart, and without a need to speak, turned around, hand in hand, and made their way home.
John rocked his hips, feeling Sherlock’s cock brush against his prostate. He could feel his orgasm coming, and it was soon then Sherlock tightened against him. As Sherlock’s orgasm came, his semen filling John, John gasped, his orgasm rocking through him.
“John,” the therapist turned back to him. “Do you think you initiate sex to make Sherlock happy so he’ll stay with you?”
Sherlock then looked up, capturing John’s lips tenderly as he gently pulled himself out and lowered John back to the floor.
Sherlock hummed against John’s hip as he pressed open-mouth kisses around John’s cock before swiftly sucking down.
John ignored her again. He fidgeted slightly, before he spoke again. “Do-er-Do you have to search the whole flat? I mean, shouldn’t you wait for Sherlock? I don’t know if he would like this happening if hes not here.”
In case anyone is unfamiliar with taxidermy, its a practice that involves a dead animal (should have been already dead, but hunters do get involved by selling their killings) and the animal is arranged to look alive and is stuffed and placed sort of like a trophy or just for decoration (like a mounted stag head).
John watched as Sherlock continued talking to the people, their faces not hiding the obvious features of admiration. John surged forward, walking in between the crowd, grabbing Sherlock’s attention. When Sherlock laid eyes on John, his eyes widened.
“Just keep drinking Sherlock, okay. And I’m sorry, I should’ve asked you whether or not you get seasick.”
“John.” He said, his voice rough. “I would like you to wear this, while we’re out.” He handed John the black bag.
As their laughter died down, John and Sherlock caught their breath and quickly fixed their clothing. Sherlock eyed John up and down and before John could do anything, Sherlock crashed their lips together. John smiled against his lips as they kissed, swirling their tongues together, nipping each other’s lips. When they broke apart, their clothing was back to being rumpled, soft laughter escaped their throats. John kissed Sherlock gently, his eyes twinkling.
“If they cared for her and loved her so much then she wouldn’t have been wandering the streets for so long and I wouldn’t have found her.” He snapped, anger radiating from him; anger and another emotion John couldn’t place; something he’s never seen on Sherlock.
John sighed loudly. “Okay, then…but I don’t remember writing ‘have sex in a warehouse’ on our list.” John said.
John felt he was in a daze as Sherlock inserted a finger, massaging him gently open. Soon, he had two fingers in him, and as they brushed his prostate, Sherlock put his mouth back on John’s cock, sucking and licking him into oblivion.
“Sherlock, you have no idea how long I’ve been wanting to do that. Seeing you caring for Marie and seeing you obviously- don’t look at me like that it was rather obvious that you cared for her and how obvious it was when you were heartbroken made me feel that I couldn’t tell you how I felt. I….I was afraid you’d see it has too sentimental and I just-”
Sherlock’s eyes ran over John’s features and then he felt something hard pushing into his stomach. He looked down and then back at John who was still keeping his gaze away from Sherlock.
Sherlock then swiftly kissed John on the lips, taking his hand and leading him to the couch. Once there, Sherlock sat down and pushed John onto his knees on the floor. John looked at his quizzically. However, his questions were answered when Sherlock unbuttoned his trousers, kicking them off along with his shoes. He then said, “Why don’t you do what you want to do with my cock?”
Silence devoured the room for several minutes, the both of them organizing their thoughts. Sherlock remained standing for a bit longer before he took the seat across from John at the table. John looked up at him and placed his interlocked hands in front of him on the table while Sherlock kept his in his lap.
As they kissed, Sherlock tightly squeezed John’s arse as John himself tugged off Sherlock’s scarf, discarding it aside. He easily unbuttoned Sherlock’s shirt, caressing his skin. He broke apart from Sherlock to suck at his neck as Sherlock moaned.
“Nice to meet you.” John said. Sherlock shook the ladies’ hands, both women giggling even louder. John, confused, shook it and off and continued catching up with his mates.
John’s breathing was ragged, his voice too rough for an audible noise, so he nodded swiftly, bending his head slightly to press an openmouthed kiss on Sherlock’s shoulder, nipping slightly as Sherlock slowly began to thrust.
“Sherlock, good you’re here. We really need you’re help—can I help you?” Lestrade said, glancing at John.
John blinked open his eyes, and upon realizing the state he was in, he blushed deeply and sat up. He stretched, and made his way to the bathroom, knowing full well Sherlock watched him with an amused look on his face.
Sherlock then went back to room, collecting some fresh pajamas for John and placed them on top the sink. Upon entering the bathroom, John was already in the shower.
“Well you weren’t answering any of my texts, not even to rate any of the cases so I believed the worst, thought you were back to your old habits, and so here we are.”
There was then a knock at the door, which startled him out of his thoughts, and he slowly got up, grabbing his cane and then made his way to the door. There was no peek hole so he couldn’t be prepared for whom he saw after opening the door.
John abruptly spun around on his heels, and looked up to Sherlock who was standing at the entryway of the kitchen, dressed in only his pajama bottoms and a worn t-shirt.
“Now, there’s no reason to get angry John, but she and I both agree you shouldn’t participate in anything sexual shortly after having a nightmare. You need to talk to someone about them and I agree. So from now on, you can either talk to me, or your therapist.”  Sherlock blurted out.
John entered the flat, two bags of groceries in his hand. He looked around the flat to find it in the same state as he left it. Sighing, he entered the kitchen, only to run into Sherlock.
“You like adrenaline, evident in the last case. If I just took cases from clients then you’d be at the flat while I sulked and then neither of us would be happy—”
“You coming with me.” The man snapped. He dragged John away and shoved him into an empty cell next to theirs. The guard then locked the cell and left them.
“Mhm. Yes.” Sherlock said, kissing John on the lips before springing out of the shower. “Come on John!”
Sherlock hummed in amusement, and in one swift motion, he picked John up, his hands on his arse, and carried him to the sofa. They both toppled over, John underneath Sherlock. Sherlock dived down, his lips meeting John’s. They immediately began swirling their tongues together, tasting each other.
I had ran out of bags…the money I split with this small dealer, so it was enough to get by…” He trailed off, humiliated by his past.
And yet, here Sherlock Holmes was, standing right in front of him, with an expression somewhere between amusement, curiosity, and worry.
When John woke up the next morning, he was fully expecting a very alerted Sherlock waiting impatiently for a case to appear. When the smell of freshly made breakfast entered his senses, John was wide-awake, stumbling out of bed within seconds. As he stood up, he racked his brain for something, anything Sherlock may have done that would call upon for this kind of treatment. When nothing came to mind, he walked slowly to the kitchen.
“Yeah, alright.” John answered. He would’ve offered going instead—fresh air could do him good—but he had no idea where the closest store was from here. He listened as Sherlock’s footsteps slowly disappeared, followed by the soft click of the door closing. John took a louder deep breath. He might as well get a few minutes of sleep; he planned on having a talk with Sherlock about their relationship.
Once at Baker Street, John was practically carried into the flat and pushed against the wall once they were inside their sitting room.
It was Sherlock Holmes, the man that talked him off the ledge. John had convinced himself that the man had just said what he had to in order to get him off the ledge and didn’t actually want to become friends. He had convinced himself that after he had even gotten over it after a pathetic breakdown the night before.
Sherlock, having removed his hand from John mouth, moved it around John, bringing him forward. “I’m close John.” He said. “Cum with me.”
Sherlock and John made their way to the therapist office the next morning. John was nervous, his hands sweating beneath the gloves he wore. Sherlock’s hand in his was the only thing holding him, preventing him from walking the other way.
Sherlock took a sip of gingerale, but instead of keeping his eyes on the horizon he merely glared at John.
John began to stroke Sherlock’s cock with one hand, the other holding him tightly in place. Sherlock moaned against John’s shoulder, his hands clutching John’s uniform jacket.
“You have nothing to apologize for.” Sherlock said. “I...I never apologize but I think I should…I’m sorry for what I had said…I probably got you into trouble with the whole gun thing…didn’t I?
“John?” Sherlock said in a worried tone. John took a deep breath and looked away has he wiped his eyes. When he looked back up at Sherlock, his lips were quirking up into a smile, and Sherlock let out a breath, relieved.
Stretching, John reluctantly pulled away from Sherlock. He wanted to remain where he was, asleep, but his stomach was painfully empty, and his appetite seemed to be returning. He made his way out of the room, down the hallway, and into the kitchen. It was reasonably clean, but half of the table was cluttered with a microscope, some petri dishes, other scientific things and papers. He began making some tea and toast when he heard a rustle, and looked over his shoulder to see Sherlock enter the kitchen.
John moaned as Sherlock moved his hand to the prominent bulge in between them. “Eagar, aren’t we.” He whispered against John’s neck.
John instantly relaxed against Sherlock, enjoying the sudden shivers that spread through his body as Sherlock’s cold hands cupped his face.
“Come here John.” Sherlock stood up quickly, dragging John behind him towards the sofa. He laid down, bringing John with him, so that Sherlock was on his sofa, John on his body, chest to chest, his head resting over Sherlock’s heartbeat.
Sherlock fumbled with John’s shirt but soon he had it unbuttoned completely and he moved his hands around to John’s back, slightly digging in his nails.
Sherlock sucked at John’s neck, leaving a mark. He then shoved off John’s jacket, followed by his jumper before diving down, capturing his nipple.
John ignored her. “No offense, Detective Inspector, but aren’t you supposed to have a warrant before you search a person’s flat?” He said, standing up straight.
Their lips met again, biting and licking each other, Sherlock’s hands grasping and pulling John’s jeans when John reluctantly pulled away, his breathing ragged, and his hands coming to rest at Sherlock, stopping him.
Sherlock smirked. “I know.” He responded. “And I love you.” He kissed John’s lips lightly before pulling apart far enough to allow John to put his jeans back up. He opened his mouth to say something when a loud bang interrupted him.
They lay their together not long, their sweaty bodies shivering. Slowly, they unraveled, and after a quick wash-up, the two crawled back into bed, and quickly fell asleep.
Sherlock stared at the dead woman who was dressed in pink. Deductions were running through his head.
As he reluctantly closed the door his clone wipped around and Sherlock sucked in a quick breath. There was insanity in those eyes. Craziness he feared he would fall into one day. However that fear vanished completely when John came into his life, but it seemed in some other dimension something happened. His stomach filled with dread.
When Sherlock showed up the latest crime scene it was with Gladstone in tow. The dog was still happy, but Greg could see that he was looking around sometimes, searching for a man who couldn't be there right now.
"We broke into Magnussen's office where I found him kneeling on the ground with a gun at his head. Mary revealed herself and everything clicked into place. I tried to talk to her. I did, but she shot me. The last thing I remember is John at the doorway looking shocked then a gun shot and him falling. That's it then I woke up facing the others who were too late to alter the outcome. We were always late, until now." With that he looked at Sherlock who was staring ahead of himself, million thoughts running through his head. How could he have missed that John's wife was a trained killer?
The car started up and they were off, Greg asked no questions. He learned a long time ago that none of them would be answered.
For a few a seconds after their arrival it was bone chillingly quiet. Then a door opened across from them.
Sherlock's eyes narrowed and he put the file down and picked up the album with care but also with a noticeable possessiveness.
He opened his mouth to ridicule him but was stopped by Aphrodite. “You never want to fall in love?” She asked shocked, almost offended. “Never want to experience the bright colours, the unconditional happiness, the explosive partnership?”
Her eyes widened, not expecting the sudden out lash from the logician. “I-I...” Before she could get a word out, he continued.
As he finished his piece he was clueless about what to do. Sherlock didn't reacted in any way. He just kept staring straight ahead.
"Listen Sally. If we make one wrong move we are out. John doesn't miss. We don't get a shot wich tells us where he is." Greg checked his watch. "And it have barely been ten minutes and we are the only three left."
“No!” He heard John scream and saw the ex soldier move with adrenalin fuelled speed and he jumped between the detective and the lightning. Sherlock instantly unfroze and reached to push John away but he was too late.
Greg looked at the first picture and he couldn't help feeling something warm in his chest as he stared at it.
The tired one looked away, his fist clenching and his eyes shut tightly. He let out a shaky breath and without another word left the room. The door slamming loudly shut behind him.
John at the noise looked up but he was still lost in his own head, however Anderson managed to bring him back quickly. The idiot.
However as he watched Sherlock deducing and John praising him, he realised he really didn't have to worry because whatever situation Sherlock Holmes would find himself in, John Watson would be there to save him.
John just shed his jumper and shirt and was standing without a shirt, talking to Sherlock. This was the first time Greg saw John for the Capitan he was. His stomach, chest and back were well built and tanned and Lestrade gulped when he saw a bit of ink too.
"So, you two were childhood friends." Sherlock nodded. "Were you two never seperated before he was shipped off?"
Greg hastily went after him. He didn't want to let him out of his sight. He felt strangely protective of the consultant now that he had seen his vulnerable side.
So he needed to find the perfect pair for both of them. Great his job just became twice as difficult.
Sherlock couldn’t help, but laugh at what John had said. They were having Chinese take away from his favourite place back at Baker St after the serial suicide case.
“Well, that could have gone better.” Sherlock looked to his side taking his eyes of John for a moment who was talking to Sarah. The white bandage around his head glowing in the cool London night.
When he reached his box he almost crashed into Mycroft. As soon as he registered that it was his brother his thin control snapped and he became a panicked mess.
Sherlock nodded and he would deny it till the end of the world that he had let his gratitude and relief show in those moments, though the other Gods would say it other wise.
But ten minutes at the scene and he was ready to leave. It was frustrating. He hadn't had a decent case since Baskerville.
He was shocked out of his awe by the emberessed woman who in her awkwardness didn't realise that this was more than two dogs being playful.
Lestrade decided to speak up. "I have the car with me, with the sirens we should make it in half an hour." John tried to smile gratefully at him but failed.
"We were." Sherlock said with a sour look. "At the beginning of our last year of high school they moved. However we went to the same university but by then John had already signed up to the army so he could pay for the medical school."
"Don't think I don't feel guilty. Don't you dare to think I don't care that I left him with her." He whispered and looked down. His eyes glazed over as got lost in his thoughts.
Lestrade couldn't help but feel awed by the soldier. Now he clearly saw that John Watson wasn't average. Hidden under those cozy jumpers and easy smiles was a man who was dangerous. A man who would kill without a second thought if it was needed. Right then that was not John, that was Captain Watson.
"Of course you thought that, we wanted you to think that." Sherlock shrugged and quickly kissed John chastely. He then took his gun out, ready to shoot then passed the two of them and headed right after Anderson.
Lestrade had to suppress a grin at Sherlock who tried to pretend that he was annoyed about the greeting, but failing terribly as he smirked.
"A drug bust." Lestrade answered off handedly and looked at his son who was looking shocked and angry.
Sherlock stared out the open window in obvious boredom. His master, Lestrade was sitting comfortably on the coach watching some mind numbing show as he usually does after a case.
“I have no idea what are you on about. I am the face of logic, I don’t and I can’t have feelings.” Sherlock said, proud of himself for managing to hide the bitterness in his voice away.
"One of us has to be the bait then." She said. Lestrade nodded and both of them turned to Anderson with raised eyebrows.
But he had no idea where to find him and more importantly he had a case. A seriel killer! But the glee wasn't like when he had been back at 221B and he first heard of the mysterious note.
The one with the gun shot wound lead him out while the junkie and the tortured one started to argue about something Sherlock didn't care about in that moment. Though he was suprised to find that they annoyed him. Also he didn't like the sound of his voice. Did he always sound like that? And was he also this annoying to the others'?
At that Greg realised that they were compatible. His eyes widened. Sherlock had never been even close to match with another dog.
Sherlock picked him up again, enjoying that he could carry him though the orange cat demanded to be put down once they were on the ground again. Fortunately the dog was long gone by then.
He was dragged out of his thoughts by Gladstone who was on all fours now and barking, his tail wiggling happily in the air. Lestrade tightened his hold on the leash in reflex as the dog tried to ran off like a cannonball.
Gladstone licked his face eagerly and John smiled weakly at his dog and scratched him behind his ear. Then he took Sherlock's hand in his and murmured some words.
The soldier nodded, seemingly understanding. Then their gaze was broken by Gladstone who jumped at John. His front paws against his hips as he tried to lick his face.
"What the hell?" Sally asked loudly, in fact Lestrade could have sworn he saw some birds flew away in panic.
When they opened their eyes again, they were the only ones left. It looked like Hera made them get ott their asses and do something about the madman.
As soon as she regained the ability to speak she introduced them to each other. "Sherlock Holmes, John Watson. John Watson, Sherlock Holmes."
He knelt next to the body and started to examine it with his pocket magnifier. "What poison causes swelling at the fingers and blue tongue?" He said to no-one in particular or it seemed like that until: "John?"
"Alright? Alright?!" He shouted and rounded on John. He pushed the letter into his face. "How could this be alright? They are taking you away from me. They want to send you back into that death pit." He spat out the words. He was about to continue but then one of the officers moved, presumably to leave, but he maneged to bump into the table and thus making a glass fall and shutter.
He saw some of the officers hunching their shoulders, crossing their arms to hide their front even when they were covered with their camouflage uniforms. All of them self conscious.
"I got you into rehab and helped with your addiction. I thought we were at least friends, Sherlock." He cringed mentally at the cliché line but wanted some explanation.
They watched as Anderson desappeared among the trees. Greg frowned in confusion. He was sure that John and Sherlock were in shooting range. Something was wrong.
"Let him." Sally interrupted "If freak wants his ass get kicked he will." and with a satisfied smirk she grabbed her bag and left to the dressing rooms to change out of her work uniform.
At that deduction Sherlock had to keep his expression in check not to reflect the curiosity he felt inside. He heard rumours of the boy who helped his Father solve cases multiple times.
As they reached him John's scold vanished and just like that he was smiling at Greg kindly. Lestrade shook his head in disbelief as he followed them inside.
John saw what he was up to and he did the same without question. Now the two masters were nose to nose and red to their ears.
He didn’t say a word, he just pulled the big bulky coat apart in front of him and Sherlock had to swallow the cry of fear. Across John’s chest was a bomb strapped there neatly.
"Thanks Greg." He heard John say from behind him. He was in his camouflage clothes and heavy army boots. He looked at him as he went to Sherlock and knelt before him.
“Sorry, left it upstairs.” Before Sherlock could get annoyed over Mike's uselessness besides to get him a potential flatmate, the said man spoke up.
"I am so- God this is awkward." She muttered and when they were finally free she picked up the leash quickly and started to pull away her dog.
"Open it." Anderson said and snatched the letter from her hands. Sally tried to grasp after it but it was fruitless. Also she was probably curious about the letter's contents but she didn't want to be the one opening it.
With much effort and self control Sherlock nodded with a neutral face. “Do as you wish, John is a good colleague, but nothing more.”
"How the-?" Lestrade started as he stood up and pulled Donovan up too. "We thought you were there." He pointed over his shoulder where Anderson disappeared.
Heracles, protector of mankind, appeared out of nowhere, his eyes shining like the shield around John. Behind Moriarty with a loud thunder Zeus appeared. The half God turned around hastily and with wide eyes looked up to his king. Zeus raised his eyebrows in a mocking manner and threw a thunderbolt down between them. It exploded with a bright light and acting on instinct Sherlock grabbed John and pulled him against his chest to shield him away from it.
His thoughts were chasing each other. Rachel... She was a smart a woman, she must had a reason... but what?
No! He couldn’t let himself to have a breakdown now. Not when John’s life was hanging on the balance. He needed to think. Yes, thinking, that was a good start. Expect it didn’t help at all. Moriarty left no clue he could follow. Nothing to go on. He couldn’t do this alone, he needed help.
He was smirking smugly as his eyes ran over them. Without warning Aphrodite shirked and lunged forward. However before she could reach the madman Moriarty threw out his hand and murmured a few words. There was loud boom, like gunfire and a purple light. It hit the Goddess right in the chest and with a scream which was cut half because suddenly she disappeared and only a faint lillac smoke remained in her place.
“Oh, dear you really can’t figure it out can you.” He asked with feigned annoyance. ”The darkness Sherlock is so much powerful. The hidden powers… You have no idea.” He licked his lips in gusto.
"John's what?!" Sherlock shouted in disbelief. He knew that John dated but that he would actually marry one of the dull girls was... was unacceptable. Though this woman it seemed had killed him. Neatly shot in the chest. Not hitting anything major so the dying was stretched painfully. And that woman was left with John. John was definitely in danger with that woman next to him. How could he have died on John? He needed him!
"Rachel was a password. We can track her phone down." He just finished typing in the email and the password and logged in. Moments later it showed that it was at 221B.
Everybody froze and looked at the two madman in the door way with wide eyes. Except Gladstone, the dog barked happily at the sight of his masters, although he hanged back after that as he probably sensed that this was not a good time.
"What the hell is he doing here?" Lestrade heard Sherlock literally growl as he approached his brother.
As soon as everything registered Sherlock let out the air he had been holding unconsciously in a big whoosh. He tried to listen to the advice and not to overthink everything. He closed his eyes and he leaned back, his head bumping softly agianst the wall, trying not to get into overload by the sheer impossibility of the situation.
Sherlock sat up straight pulling his legs off as John greeted everyone with a smile and a hi. Then he went to Sherlock and kissed him on the cheek.
"Breathe, brother." Mycroft said and Greg saw a moment of sympathy and worry in his eyes before the mask was back. It made Greg wonder just how many Holmes' hearts did Dr. Watson managed to uncover over the years.
Sherlock sighed in relief, finally they were nearing the end. In a row they stood up and each of them told the happenings, their work in that month. He was the last one. He stood up and told them about the criminals he caught, the experiments he did. He was the God of Science and Logic. He paralytically worked against Moriarty who was the God of crimes. He wasn’t the only one who noticed that.
“I prefer to text.” He said and glanced briefly at the blond man. He was following the conversation with interest.
"Yes, thank you for your input." Sherlock said and slammed the doot in his face and looked at Lestrade who hadn't said anything just shook his head.
Sherlock couldn't help it. He was so excited he let out a bark of joy. The shepherd sharply looked up and their eyes met.
"Oh, hi Mycroft." John meowed and was about to say something else but then they heard Sherlock's paws hitting the ground in a hurrid pace.
"Okay, okay. I am just suprised that you haven't insulted us yet." He said and scratched the back of his neck. "Not that that it's a problem, I am just curious about, well, why is that?"
Although his eyes swept past him and zeroed on the shorter man next to him and instantly the deductions started up.
Lestrade went ahead and climbed into the car. He left the two of them upstairs so they could say goodbye without prying eyes.
So Sherlock had a mission for himself. That's why he was staring out the window longingly two hours before they were due to their daily afternoon walk.
Sherlock nodded, first time truly appreciating the fact that his brother was the British Government.
He prayed for his family to help him. He called up on Heracles, protector of mankind. He called out for Kratos to let him borrow his strength to defeat Moriarty. He called for Zeus to give him help. He called Hermes to tell all the Gods that they were needed.
Greg debated about sitting next to him but then Sherlock put up his legs on the bench. Efficiently telling everyone that that place is already saved for somebody else.
Sherlock rolled his toung out and panted happily as a friendly gesture. The shepherd cocked his head to the left as he gazed up and wiggled his tail a few times.
After that there was a disturbing quiet. Sherlock tried to open his eyes to see what was going on but he couldn't. However he could feel now that he was in a bed which was strange. Most of the times when he was kidnapped he was usually cuffed  to a chair. This time he wasn't even tied in any way.
The door to the flat was left open and he knocked tentatively on the door frame. Not wanting to disturb the calm.
“You know full well Eros that I have no such plans, why you must ask me repeatedly of these matters I have no idea. It’s no wonder why are you the God of such petty instincts, you don’t have the brain power for anything bigger.” Sherlock said all of this in a cold, hard tone.
"We are all you from different dimensions. Most of our world is simillar to yours but with a different ending and outcomes. You have already passed several... checkpoints and-"
He looked back from the door one last time to see the blond's bafflement. He couldn't resist the smirk and the wink he threw at him before he shut the door.
"There is no need for unnecessary sentimental outbursts, Lestrade." Sherlock said in a deep voice. "Nevertheless thank you, I will know your suspect's location by tomorrow, so drop by the flat to pick up the file sometime, will you?"
"W-who are you?" He coughed and his mouth was dry. One of the man looked at the floor next to Sherlock's bed. There Sherlock saw a glass of water. Without thinking much of it -if they wanted to harm him by poisoning him they would have done it while he was still out- he downed the whole glass. It was refreshing.
When he arrived at Barts a kind nurse showed him the room. Upon entering he was gifted with a sight which was unusual but at the same time it didn't seem out of place either.
However he needed to solve this case so he told Greg his deductions with a rapid speed and only stopped when he was told that there was no case.
"Yes, he-" Letrade was cut off by a text alert. He clumsily got his phone out and opened the message. "Shit, gotta go."
“It’s my month, you stupid bird!” Helios’s strong voice boomed. Sherlock thumped his head against the ice table in agony. Why must he hear the same argument month after month?
Though when there wasn't an intresting case he quickly became bored. Being the only dog in the flat was quite frustrating after some time. Though don't think that just because of this Sherlock would have been happy with any dog. God, far from it. Most of the times he hated the other dogs. They were all about sniffing each other's butt and catching their tail, being hyper or just despearte to find a mate.
"Of course I smelled it. I just wanted to experiment." Sherlock growled in annoyance then walked away with his chin and tail held high.
Far too soon they parted. He couldn’t help the stupid grin that made its way onto his face as they looked at each other. John was flushed and his eyes twinkled and they seamed to be a lighter blue, the small wrinkles disappeared and he appeared to be younger. Sherlock felt immensely proud that he was the cause of that.
The older Holmes let out a humourless chuckle and tapped his umbrella against the floor a few times. "I wanted to talk about Sherlock and your son's relationship."
Sherlock was part of the Greek family so he had a stronger connection with them however due to his arrogant nature most Gods disliked him. He even mocked Zeus for constantly sticking his dick into places where he really shouldn’t .Although there was a half god who he despised the most. Moriarty. Child of Erebus, ancient God of darkness, and a mere mortal.
"She is dead. She was basically never alive. She was Jennifer's stillborn daughter." The detective's expression was grim and the whole room was tense.
"He was killed too." Whispered his other self quietly. Sherlock wasn't even suprised that he knew where his thoughts had wandered. He did it enough time with other people.
"I think you should be the one to figure it out." Said the one who was shot. "You are the one who is in this universe and the one who thinks like he should in this time. All of us are damaged and different then the thing you need. Though we can tell about your possible future if that helps."
Oh yes, animals mated for life. The alpha-omega thing just made it easier for them to find their perfect match. Omegas were the breeders in this set up.
"Mycroft said that if I get clean he would pull some strings and get John a two weeks long leave." Sherlock smiled, probably lost in a memory.
“It. It was great.” Sherlock narrowed his eyes at him and didn’t say a word. “Ah, okay. Her name is Sarah and we got a-”
"Who is my admirer?" He asked instead, he only got some mumbling as an answer. "Maybe you are dying, but I can still cause you pain." With that he stepped onto the wound.
Sherlock rolled his eyes and leaned closer. “Isn’t it obvious?” Although he couldn’t manage to say it with his usual arrogant tone due to the joy which was bubbling up his chest. He seriously considered calculating if there was any chance that he would explode from it.
He had an intresting case. A serial killer leaving purple ties on the doors of his victims. Also all of the bodies had blue tongue, but no one knew why.
"I just wanted to appologise. So I am sorry for not trusting you, entering your home and disturbing your privacy. I tried to stop them but I should have tried harder."
John was interesting. Sherlock didn’t know how the man even existed. He was full of opposites. A golden heart with a logical brain, a healer and a killer, stubborn but understanding. Truly an enigma. And so much to learn about him.
As they passed them Sherlock saw Lestrade shooting a lingering glance at the woman. Sherlock felt giddy at that. Oh, this could work out briliantly.
"Sherlock, dear, your cab is here." Mrs. Hudson interrupted,  but she was quickly dismissed by the consultant.
Sherlock obsereved the man. He thought that he looked relatively normal aside from the obvious. A bit tired but he was in fresh clothes and cleane shaven. His hair was normal too. It looked like he was dressed to a nother normal day. How could it have gone so wrong then?
"They volunteered." The inspector shrugged and locked eyes with his son. A silent conversation went down between them which Sherlock had an inkling was about him.
He did so but not without asking questions, though when he sat down Sherlock saw a little bump at his lower back also when he leaned back he had to move around a bit to be comfortable.
"Sherlock, the cabby is getting impatient." His landlady's kind voice got through to him and then it clicked.
Sherlock didn't say much when he arrived, in fact he kept the talking on the minimum. The officers avoided him and even Donovan and Anderson didn't complain.
His attention then wandered to the other man who was sitting up and was playing with Sherlock's hair with a fond look on his face. His left shoulder was heavily bandaged and there was an IV line in his arm. This must be John then. He thought to himself as he observed the man. His hair was in military cut and he had the same dark blue eyes he had seen on the pictures. His skin was tanned and his muscles, as expected, were well defined. He was handsome with his boyish face but all in all looked pretty average. He had no idea what held Sherlock's attention.
The others nodded in agreement and then Zeus rose with Jupiter to declare the meeting’s end when Eros (God of lust) spoke up. “What about your love life you cold hearted logician? Will there ever be a quarter god to grace our meetings?”
"I take it you didn't hear of Dr. Watson yet." All of the hostility was wiped off of Sherlock's face and only worry stayed. Though Greg could only see it in the detective's rigid posture.
"What is this?!" Sherlock asked stopping in front of Lestrade. His fingers twitched while he tried to control himself not to yell at Donovan who was disturbing his experiment in the microwave.
Greg a bit still in a daze flinched. He then glanced up and saw the two walking away. Then his eyes fell on Sherlock who was looking at him with determination and a bit of fear too.
"He will be here soon." He said dryly then turned around and pushed the door to the men's changing room open.
Sherlock snorted. "Sorry to brake it to you Lestrade but you had close to nothing to do with me getting into rehab."
Sherlock was pale and rigid, his eyes wide and he looked scared. Lestrade didn't like that emotion on the man. It was unnatural. Next to him was a box with the evidence in them and Greg winced in guilt. On the other hand John stood next to him like a soldier. His back straight and tense, his hands were in fist and his stare was hard.
It promised warmth, food, a place where she belonged. There would be no more middle ground, no uncertainty, no discomfort.
I'm doing better now mentally, I think, than I was when I announced the hiatus. School is stressful, and college applications are a pain, but I'm in a much better place.
“Three: you always tell me when you talk to him. When did you talk to him, and why don’t I know about it?”
Of course Mycroft had to spend more time with Ford than with Sherlock. Ford had never liked to be alone for long, much unlike Mycroft and Sherlock. Sherlock could remember, on four separate occasions, Ford bursting into the library, demanding to see either Mycroft or Sherlock
a fully trained knight,” he said, “and I have served my kingdom proudly for upwards of four years. The prince is right. He doesn’t
It had definitely not been Sherlock who had changed him into the thick trousers and woolen tunic that he wore now. The last thing Sherlock remembered, he was in the blue formalwear his parents had forced him into for his eighteenth birthday celebration, standing in front of Moriarty, a slick-haired witch with dark, feral eyes.
But John did not have Magic. He was struggling enough as it was, and he hadn’t really done much other than run into the room and fall on his arse. John didn’t have the time nor energy to charm three women into turning on the man they had, presumably, served loyally for over half a decade.
Hours later, the snow finally died down. It was a light, airy snow that picked up with the slightest of breezes, and John hated it. Every time he put his foot down, he sank up to his knee in cold, wet snow. He growled in irritation and kept walking, eager to get to St. Barts, rescue the prince’s sleeping arse, and get back home (if he still had one) as quickly as possible.
Suddenly, the man groaned. “I never was much good at this,” he explained, casting Mycroft a sheepish grin before he turned and kicked the door in.
“Oh, I can!” Shan replied cheerily, her dressing gown falling off one shoulder. “I will have you, John.”
She moved behind and around a few houses, her weapon raised, waiting. Sherlock’s voice was clear as he spoke, and she could hear every word Mary said in reply.
“And how do you know that?” John demanded. Sherlock raised an eyebrow, and the tension in the knight’s body melted away. “Because you’re brilliant, I suppose.”
John watched in awe as Lady Sarah guided her wife to stand before Sherlock. The prince was smiling widely, his eyes crinkled and his face open. It was a beautiful smile, and John’s heart hurt to look at it.
Mycroft was currently hiding, and for good reason. Thankfully, he’d been on the ground when the curse was broken. He imagined losing his wings in the air, fainting from he burning pain in his bones as they cracked and creaked and shrunk until he was human again, landing with a sickening thud on the pavement, naked, his people surrounding his mutilated body.
He was rewarded with a cutting glare. "Don't you think I know that, idiot." He hissed. "Don't you think I would have chosen not to do it if it was possible. But this was the only route. Moriarty had snippers on John. He would have been killed if they hadn't thought I was out of the picture for good. So I jumped and then didn't contact him. I almost succeeded, but then I was captured in Serbia and tortured till death." He said and looked at the other two who were staring ahead of themselves, lost in their head. "At least I didn't need to be the best man on John's wedding."
John, however, smirked. "Harry is my cousin." Sherlock's face turned horrorfied and John couldn't help but laugh at the expression.
They were all like him but slightly different. One of them for example looked older and like a junkie. An other one looked thinner than him and his hair was shoulders length and unkempt, he also had trouble breathing. The third one looked like him just a few years older, though he was having trouble with breathing too. The last one looked like him just more tired and broken. Far more broken. But there was determination in his eyes.
Mycroft let out a pitying sigh. "Your son is an adrenalin addict. He doesn't see the danger when he is with Sherlock. He sees a battlefield."
Lestrade chuckled as he put on his coat. As soon as the door was opened and they were out on the streets Sherlock led him like when they were tracking someone. Maybe he caught a scent from the window?
Sherlock groaned when the Goddess appeared beside him in the lab. This time she was a plump black woman with big brown eyes full red lips and long wavy ebony black hair.
Mycroft and Sherlock were from the same litter, the only two who survived. Though Sherlock had been weaker and slimmer than the others he surprisingly survived and Mycroft was protective of him ever since. They always lived on the streets, at first it was hard but then Mycroft became the leader of the cats around the area.
"Oh, he didn't even drink his tea. I wonder why is he in such a rush?" Said Molly to probably start up a conversation with Sherlock who had just noticed the tea deliberately left right in front of him. Still hot and prepared.
Who were wearing masks. They were all built similarly and Sherlock felt something tug on the back of his mind but he ignored it.
They shook hands and Sherlock felt a little warmer as they touched. When they let go he pulled up one eyebrow. "Watson?" He asked.
As the screen went black the detective fell out of his chair and onto his knees. His breathing was shallow as panic took over him.
Sherlock wrapped his tail around John tighter and regarded his companion with worry. It would be John's first winter and Sherlock was worried. The first winter was always a critical point in the stray cats' life. Even himself had barely survived his first cold season. But John had better chances than him. He had a whole Summer to grow and get strong and he had Sherlock by his side who wouldn't let some stupid cold take him away. Not that Sherlock was such an expert, this would only be his second winter.
chair. "I am clean! There's no reason for this. And they aren't even part of the drug department!" He motioning toward Anderson and Donovan.
All this ran through his head in seconds while his eyes continued to take him in. He was missing somehing. Something obvious. It was there somewhere, he knew it was. But where? Where?!
Sherlock Holmes, the so called sociopath, was resting beside a blond haired man on the bed. He was cuddled closely and both of his hands were clutching the duvet in a death grip while his head was resting on the man's stomach. His body apart from his hands was relaxed and he was breathing peacefully. This was the first time Lestrade had seen him asleep.
"John." He said and tried to will him with his expression that he was sorry, that he would try to watch over Sherlock while he was gone.
"Thank god, I was afraid you had become boring like the rest of the mass." Sherlock said with an eyeroll but inside he was secretly feeling warm. It was quite nice.
The bafflement and the curiosity was palatable on the young man's face and Sherlock felt a little tugging feeling in his chest. He didn't want to leave him just yet. Who knew when they would meet again? Maybe if he intrigued him enough he would come to him by himself.
But he didn’t wait for her to disappear, not being able to be close to her in that moment he left and went up to John.
"There was no need for you to grab me again." John grumbled in annoyance but he still snuggled closer to Sherlock against the cold.
"For a while I wondered why he didn't use his gun." He looked back at him as he spoke again. "Mrs. Hudson didn't like it when I shot her wall." He shrugged. "I guess he didn't want to upset her."
"Next Spring I will be big enough." He stated and held his chin high but then he shivered as the cold wind picked up.
Sherlock gritted his teeth and greeted John, surprised at himself for managing to do it without giving away much. John hesitated in the doorway for a few moments than left to the kitchen with an unreadable expression on his face.
But his words were cut off by a cloth covering his mouth and nose. Though if there hadn't been any cloth he would have probably stopped talking due to shock. Because the last thing he saw were his captors.
Sherlock looked back at the others more curious than before. What could have happened that upset him so badly.
Moriarty shrugged. “Not boring. I could have done it long ago but there was nothing to get you where I wanted you.” He walked up to John and leaned against his ear. Both Sherlock and John stiffened. “Oh now, nooow thanks to Johnny boy I have you right where I want you to be.” He licked a stripe up on John’s face, the poor man tried to lean away, but Moriarty was holding him in place.
He only got a nod for that question and thankfully he didn't need to ask for more information as the other one continued.
"Then what was your intention with that rat? Couldn't you smell the poison?" Mycroft flicked his grey tail disaprovingly.
"Trying to find out how could I have been faster so I could give the information to you. So you wouldn't screw it up."
He came back to apologise. To make sure that everything was okay. He came back to somehow get rid of the guilt that was churning his stomach and making him feel like he would never want to eat again.
Sherlock unfortunately paid no mind to the men who stepped out of it and started to approach them. He was only snapped out of his thoughts when it was too late. With a quick move John was snatched away from beside him and thrown into a cage.
John and Sherlock weren't in when they arrived but that didn't stop them from causing chaos in their flat. Although their dog, Gladstone was really set on making their job as difficul as he could. No wonder why Sherlock let John bring home the dog all those months ago.
Sherlock pulled away and got to work on the bomb. As soon as it was off of John he slid it away from them. He was even fast enough that when he turned back he managed to catch John as he collapsed.
As soon as Sherlock heard John's steps on his stairs excitement took over his body and he felt something flutter in his stomach at the thought that John abandoned his date for him.
John's eyes snapped to him and they darkened. Before he could utter a word though Sherlock was talking in a rapid pace.
Sherlock stopped to take a breath and regarded John. "You like danger, you can shoot, you are studying to be a doctor. You are planning to sign up to the army for excitement." He finished and strangely his last deduction left a sour taste in his mouth.
"Khm, Sherlock." Lestrade cleared his throat to get the younger one's attention who reluctantly faced him again. But as soon as Sheelock took a glance at the DI's face it clicked.
John shut the door of his flat and they leaned against the wall and looked at each other, still panting. Then as if they had been counting,  both of them started to laugh. And it wasn't a quiet chuckle.
He jumped toward Anderson and tried to snatch the letter from him but the man just lifted it above his head and continued to read.
"The engraving on your phone. The kiss suggests deep emotional relationship. And the 'Don't give up'? It could mean that you are still crushed about your parents' divorce but at Barts you spoke of it without much care so that's not it. She was probably thinking about you shoulder injury which you got while playing rugby and the injury worried you because it can cause conflict in something important to you which right now is your future, your carrier. Your shoulder healed but your mind transferred the pain to your leg because of the worry." John's expression was awed and Sherlock seeing this couldn't stop. "You have excellent reflexes and when you had sat down in my flat you had to move around, probably because your gun was digging into your back. You are obviously a good shooter, otherwise your Father wouldn't let you carry a gun around. Your Grandfather taught you."
"Could it be that we are already too late? That maybe your son has chosen Sherlock Holmes to trust of all people?"
"He is currently overseas. He has been for little bit more than two and a half years." Sherlock said and Lestrade saw that he was clenhing his fists.
He gulped and enetered the room. He spotted the younger man sitting in his armchair with Gladstone in his lap. Sherlock was hugging the dog to himself. Like it was the only anchor in his nightmare.
"What? You can't be serious? Sherlock? A junkie?  Have you even met him, Dad?" John asked disapprovingly, Sherlock's heart warmed at hearing that, but his stomach also sank heavily. John would find out about the drugs and then he would leave Sherlock. That was unacceptable. He shot a glare at Lestrade, suddenly seeing the main reason behind the pretended drug bust. And it wasn't because of the evidence.
Sherlock paused and stored that into his mind palace then continued his thought process. "Anyway, she wasn't just thinking of her, she clawed it into the floor. But why? Why would she do that?"
Now he was waiting for the last beep. His blood was buzzing with anticipation. It was like a drug, something to take his mind of his miserable love life.
Sherlock looked at him, trying to find anything which told him how could the man be so strong. Half gods weren’t supposed to do that.
As they arrived at the airport Sherlock's mood got worse. His usual grace was missing as he walked next to John. As they reached the check in Sherlock stopped in his tarcks. He handed the leash to Lestrade who took it without a word.
"Well, I was just about to have coffee in the canteen." Sherlock had to work hard to hide his frustration. He wanted to use Molly's equipment so he needed to keep on a pleasent face. But he saw the reluctance in her eyes so he knew he needed to try harder.
2 months later he was waiting outside of a crime scene for Sherlock. Donovan was two steps away talking on the radio while Anderson was checking his camera. There were a few other officers around too.
"You are always so clever. Come on Mr. Holmes show me how clever you can be." The cabbie said. "You love to play the-" His mouth was open, his hands shaking and the pill was almost touching his lips when suddenly there was a loud bang and the cabby fell to the ground. Blood oozing from his shoulder.
That was the only reason he decided to visit the crime scene. Hoping that maybe it would turn into something unexpected and take his mind off of his fairly new discovery about his emotions toward his flat mate.
"That's enough Donovan!" Lestrade said harshly. He glanced at Sherlock whose posture was tense and his mouth was in a thin line.
"I have more important matters to attend than catch you an amateur, inspector." The younger man said with a tone that left no place to further discussion. Greg frowned at that but before he could speak Sherlock had already hailed a cab and was leaving in it.
It was the end of November when John and Sherlock were walking down the streets searching for something to eat. Though Sherlock planned to give every food he find to John.
John nodded and was about to say something else when he froze and pressed his mouth in a thin line. Greg at first worried that he was in pain but when he saw that the doctor was looking down at Sherlock he understood. Sherlock was shifting a little and both of them held their breath until he settled back.
For a moment it was eerily quiet then Zeus chuckled. “Calm down, Jove.” He said in a condescending manner. “Let’s listen to the half gods now. They probably have more interesting things to tell us about the changing word.”
"Next time, instead of invading into others' personal business, you should ask inspector." Sherlock's voice was cutting as he scolded.
"So you don't think I am boring?" John asked with a smirk but Sherlock could see it in his eyes that he really wanted to know the answer.
After a while John spoke up. “So a half god, eh?” He asked and started to giggle. Sherlock couldn’t help it and joined in. Their laugh echoing in the deserted swimming pool.
“Well, I couldn’t just leave the poor guy wandering aimlessly. He would have killed himself without a purpose after a month to arrive where he was originally planned to be by now.” The Goddess of faith and destiny answered. “I still can’t believe you have actually found Sherlock’s match. Though we should really talk to Ares and the other war Gods to dial it back.”
John was standing there like moments before, but around him was a light blue shield, buzzing with energy.
"I heard what happened from Donovan. Two pills, was it? Dreadful business, dreadful." John said before Sherlock could utter a word. The consultan smiled knowingly.
"No." Sherlock whispered quietly. No. No. NO. John Watson wasn't allowed to die. Not now. Not ever. "H-how?"
Sherlock considered this. Maybe if he listened to their stories he could find out what goes wrong all the time and he could avoid it now.
“He is at a pool. I can teleport you and Aphrodite there, but I won’t get into your matters and I think I can speak in everyone’s name.” Most Gods nodded in agreement though Sherlock saw Hera (queen of Gods and wife of Zeus) hesitating.
The other one laughed and pushed himself away from Sherlock. He paced while he spoke. "Jumped from the roof and managed to clear Moriarty's network off the surface of the earth in two years. I cleaned up in Mycroft's office, that's when he told me. I wasn't fast enough. If I had been cleverer, faster everything would have been alright. But I wasn't and John... John killed himself. Jumped from the same roof. Mycroft gave me his note then without a word I went back to 221B. Not home. It wasn't home without John."
He opened his eyes when the steps creased. He saw John standing in the doorway and inspecting the place. When his eyes landed on Sherlock the detective threw a card like a frisbee at him and John surprisingly caught it without problem.
He even had a psychosomatic limp and so many layers. Yes, Sherlock decided. He need this man to be his flatmate. He was a walking enigma. A puzzle to solve. He needed more time to unravel the layers. To see who John Watson really was.
John looked at him in annoyance. "That's why you needed me?" John asked while already sending the text, Sherlock let a pleased smile take over his face for a moment. "I thought something happened to you."
"Probably nothing had happened. They must have gotten into a nasty sand storm, nothing else." Sherlock said and it seemed like he was more like reassuring himself than talking to him.
Then they let go and John turned to them while Sherlock looked away blinking hard. "Greg." He held out his hand and Lestrade shook it without hesitation.
Sherlock couldn't remember the way back to his box. He was concentrating on not panicking too much. John was taken and all of it was his fault. If he paid better attention. If he didn't bring John along. If- He stopped himself in mid thought, reminding himself that he was supposed to be calm.
When they reached them Sherlock pulled on his leash strongly, making Lestrade trip again though this time he crushed into the woman, fortunately they managed to stay upright.
"John? What happened to John?" He didn't want to know. God, he had far too much images planted in his mind just from the three stories he heard, but he had to know. He had to know so those images wouldn't become reality for him.
Greg chewed on his bottom lip. "You have to keep your brother away from John. I don't need Sherlock turning him into an addict."
Greg frowned, more alert now that John was mentioned. "There is none. They met only once and only for a few minutes. They barely talked actually."
“John!” He closed his eyes as there was a big explosion which strangely didn’t through him back. He blindly reached out, afraid to look just yet.
As soon as Lestrade left the crime scene he saw the elegant, sleek black car waiting. With a heavy sigh he opened the door and was greeted by Anthea or whatever name she was currently using.
"No." Lestrade answered and shivered. Feeling a chill crawl up on his back as he felt like in any moment he can meet his "death".
Sherlock looked back at John whose eyes were wide and glazed over probably trying to make sense of what he had just witnessed. Sherlock wanted to catch his eyes to send him a reassuring look at least, but Moriarty started to talk.
Sherlock was around seven and he was hugging a blond boy around the neck tightly and the embrace was returned just as strongly. Both of them had splitting grins on their faces. Underneath the picture there was writing again in the same elegant style.
"Sherlock!" Lestrade growled and tried to get the remote from under his paws but he efficiently pushed it off the table and let it fell under the sofa. Lestarde at this sighed and rubbed his forehead. He glanced at his unusualy eager dog with his leash in mouth. Sherlock's tail was moving side to side in obvious excitement.
His clone or whatever sighed warily and unbuttoned his shirt. Revealing his pale chest but with a gun shot wound in the middel of it.
Over the last 24 hours he learned that John Watson was much more. He was different. He wasn’t even frightened by Mycroft.
Anderon scoffed as they came closer. "Finally found an actor  who would show his face in public with a freak like you?"
Expect it seemed like it did. “Ha!” Aphrodite snorted. She held her chin high as she stood up with a glint in her eyes. She leaned over the table across from Sherlock with her two hands on it. She smirked as she whispered the next words:
Lestrade shook his head in uncertainty as he followed Sherlock in. He had no idea why Sherlock wanted to be here. He would have never imagined Sherlock being so determined to play paintball. Especially with the yard.
“Greetings Sherlock.” He could even hear the smirk in his voice. “This is your fifth beep. What a turn on, isn’ it Sherlock? You know through years and years you held me back. You called it that we balance each other, but both of us know that’s stupid. We are not really each other’s opposite. But I just couldn’t get you to back off. You are a half god I couldn’t really threaten you, but now, oooh now is completely different. You gained a pressure point.” Sherlock eyes widened. No. “Oh you are getting it. I had a sweet little chat with Johnny boy here. I see why you like him. Anyway You have one hour Sherlock or I gonna send your pet here as a late wedding gift to Persephone and Hades. Tick-tock. Tick-tock. See you soon Sherlock.”
He seemed to calm down a bit when they reached the park. However this time he was looking everywhere, searching for who knew what.
"So, um you took his name, eh?" He said to smooth the situation. Greg shut his eyes and pursed his lips in pain at the stupidity.
"Because I-" John took an as deep breath as he could, working himself up. “IloveyouSherlock.” He blurted it out in a rush.
In the end Gladstone settled down in Sherlock's armchair and kept an eye on their every move. Though before he was calmed he did pee on Anderson. Lestrade wouldn't be suprised if Sherlock trained him to do that.
Sherlock seriously planned to do something with the John problem, but then Moriarty came back and everything was a blur. It was crazy. Semtex, explosion, children, stars.
Lestrade was the last one to get to the door. He turned back to try to apologise at least, but the words stopped in his throat.
Greg knocked on Sherlock's door and he only needed to wait a moment before the door was opened by a very tired looking Sherlock. His skin was paler and the dark circles under his eyes were more visible, his hair looked like he ran his and through it a hundred times. To put it nicely he looked like a mess. Like he was totally exhausted mentally.
"What happened Mycroft?" Sherlock asked and when his brother didn't answer immediately his control over his emotions loosened. "Damn it Mycroft! What do you know? Tell me!" He shouted and this time Lestrade could clearly hear the panic, fear and concern in it.
Sherlock hissed, showing his teeth and his fur stood up on his back as the other man tried to grab him. He clawed at the hand and was satisfied when he sliced into flesh. He tried to attack again but John's meow stopped him.
Not ten minutes later the said man entered with a mischievous smile on his face. Sherlock stomach did a weird thing when he saw that smile, but he ignored it and instead said this:
Ten minutes later all of them were in the car. They sat in the back together. John's back was straight, already preparing himself for the upcoming month. Although he still had an arm around Sherlock's shoulder as the detective laid his head on his shoulder.
Sherlock closed his eyes to prevent the tears. John was pushed to death by him. Well, not exactly by him, but still.
He remembered being pulled into the alley and seeing three faces. The strange thing was that he remembered seeing his own face looking back at him instead of his captors faces. Whatever was on that cloth must have been something that acted quickly.
It was well into evening when Sherlock woke up to John fidgeting. Looking down, John’s face was contorted as if he was in pain, and Sherlock gently loosened his grip on John, stroking his hair.
John moved his face so that he was hiding behind Sherlock’s shoulder. He giggled slightly before responding.
John laughed quietly. “Of course you would…” He moved around a bit, finding the small bottle quickly enough and after applying some to his fingers, he began to prepare Sherlock.
“Sherlock!” John exclaimed automatically, before bringing his own hand to cover his mouth. There was a slight disruption outside, sounding very close to the ambulance. Sherlock and John both froze but when nothing happened, Sherlock went back to John’s cock.
They stood in silence facing each other, John’s eyes focusing on the floor, though he could feel the knife of Sherlock’s stare on him. He waited, waited for Sherlock to speak because god knew he wasn’t going to, not first.
Sherlock whimpered slightly, and nodded, licking his lips as John kissed them gently before moving along his jaw. He tightened his grasp on Sherlock’s arse with one hand, and resumed stroking his cock with the other, emitting muffled moans form the detective.
Sherlock whimpered against him as John began to rock his hips, brushing his prostate. His hands tightened their grasp on Sherlock arse, his breathing grew ragged as he rocked into the detective.
Sherlock scoffed again, however it was lighter. “Why would I feel betrayed by someone I barely know?”
“I…” John swallowed, his voice shaking slightly. “I can talk to you but I don’t need your pity or your-“
She was smart, and beautiful. Her wounds look like they could come from a beast. It’s just like the recent case. I think the killer—”
“John…you should know I’m not great with feelings and sentiment and I don’t…” He swallowed, and took a deep breath before continuing. “I don’t know how to talk about my feelings John. All I do know is that you’ll see me be sentimental about a dog and then you’ll think I’m more of a freak than I already am-”
Sherlock nodded while staring at the ground, his cheeks almost as red as the panties, though that could’ve been from the hot shower.
“Okay, I think we are done here.” The officer spoke, looking up at John. “Here is my card if there is anything else you feel is significant and Scotland Yard has your contact info-“ She was caught off guard by the tall skinny man who invaded the space between the officer and John and began yelling, at who John didn’t know.
Sherlock blushed. John took the lube and poured a generous amount on his fingers. “Lift up.” He said. Sherlock lifted slightly, balancing his weight on John’s shoulders. John slowly massaged Sherlock's opening. As he inserted a finger into Sherlock, he sucked a mark along Sherlock's chest, moving to his right nipple. Sherlock gasped as John inserted another finger while sucking at his nipple.
“Sherlock, shh, its all right.” John said softly, placing a hand gently on Sherlock’s shoulder blade, caressing it. Sherlock didn’t respond, but tried taking a breath only to hiccup in the process. The shaking slowly wore out, until Sherlock was resting, half on the floor and half on John’s lap, his breathing evening out. John gently and kindly led Sherlock up from the floor and led him to the sofa. He sat down first and then brought Sherlock into his lap, his feet by the opposite end of the sofa, and his head in John’s lap.
“Quiet.” John whispered, placing his hand over Sherlock’s mouth. He rocked against Sherlock, kissing his neck. He sucked hard, determined to leave a mark on his pale neck when Sherlock moaned against John’s hand.
John moaned in pleasure bucking his hips up for more pressure. Sherlock broke apart the kiss to pull his trousers down enough to reveal his aching cock. John worked miraculously quickly at undoing the buttons of Sherlock’s shirt to reveal a pale chest covered in goose bumps. John began sucking at Sherlock’s collarbone, moving a hand down Sherlock’s chest, skimming over a nipple, which caused Sherlock to gasp and buck his hips, his free cock coming into contact with John’s. The two men gasped in pleasure. John continued to move his hand down to Sherlock’s arse as he spread his legs as wide as he could with his trousers and pants down at his ankles.
“There was a complaint. From THREE sources.” Lestrade barked, his discomfort growing. One from upstairs, one from this hall, and one from
“I…” Sherlock eyes grew ever so slightly, aware now at what he just told John. “I did…what do you suppose you could make of that?”
John didn’t respond, but kept his gaze lowered, his eyes betraying him and beginning to fill with tears. He didn’t want to cry in front of Sherlock and tried to hold them back, but then Sherlock placed his hand along his jaw, lifting his head up so they were face to face. The look of genuine worry and unease were written on Sherlock’s face, but it was all buried by the sudden distress that became evident when he noticed John’s eyes.
After his orgasm wore off, John looked up at an amused and aroused Sherlock. “We should do that.” He said, smiling wickedly as he pulled Sherlock down for a hard kiss.
“Here, you put some sunscreen on or you’ll burn.” John said, handing Sherlock a bottle of sunscreen.
Sherlock ignored him, as he made his way in between two cruisers. He pulled out a set of keys and unlocked the car, opening the backdoor for John.
“You…you had initiated it John! You were in control! We could’ve moved. Why didn’t you say anything?”
Once the two were dressed and their appearances put together more professionally, Sherlock stopped before walking out of the bedroom.
Sherlock grabbed John’s cock and stroke in time with his thrusts. His orgasm came to him in a surprise, and overtook his mind until all he was seeing was white and all he could hear was John’s shouts as he too came, his come splattering between him and Sherlock.
“Exactly. Isabelle. She was French, like the character. And Emily Bass. She collected décor made from animals. Like Cruella De Vil.”
After a long shower that resulted in mind-blowing blow jobs, Sherlock and John made their way to Reagents Park, a family of mice in hand.
Silence followed, but it wasn’t as awkward as it should’ve been. At least for John. He was comfortable for once in a very long time but Sherlock felt tension and he didn’t understand why.
“I can read people. You are in a depressive state and were on your way to the park to do just that: kill yourself. You probably have a small bottle of something deadly on you. Or a knife. Or were you going to jump off the bridge? Well, it doesn’t matter now. After our little chat, you’re going to kill yourself and those who know you will assume it’s because of the obvious: You’re so clearly depressed with life the only surprise will be why you took so long.”
The two men continued talking until a nurse came to tell Sherlock visiting hours were now over and he could come back next Saturday to visit. Sherlock was reluctant to leave John, but John reassured him he would be fine and he looked forward to his next visit. And with that Sherlock left John, both men looking forward to a much brighter future.
“But although you and I have done…sexual acts quite a bit in the past few weeks, whenever you have a nightmare, you immediately initiate one. And I want to know why.”
John lied on the bed. His breathing had normalized, but he was incredibly embarrassed. The ringing of the phone was loud and abrupt, startling him, but it was the loss of contact of Sherlock that upset him and he didn’t understand why. He had been in the bedroom now for over ten minutes and the sounds of the violin from the living room were alluring. He wanted to go back to Sherlock, but he was embarrassed and he had no idea how to handle any of this. It had been years since he was in a serious-
“Oh fuck, Sherlock…” John whimpered, moving a hand to grasp Sherlock’s damp curls, tugging them slightly. Sherlock moaned against John’s neck, thrusting harder into John. He moved a hand down to John’s cock, and stroked it firmly in time with his thrusts and soon John was breathing loudly.
“John, I…I’ve never…been in a relationship like this before…and I…I have come to realise that when I was with you for the past two months alone I was relaxed, comfortable, happy…but when I’m not with you I am rude, obnoxious and I found that you wouldn’t want to be with someone like me.”
“Why? Its deserted Sherlock. And it is nearly 10 pm, which you said was the time where most of Scotland Yard were out, what was it you said, ruining their already dim brains with alcohol?” He said, smirking as he shucked off his shoes.
“I think so, too,” Sherlock replied, smiling softly. “She’s a meddling, insensitive prick, but I’m glad I have her.”
start, what with barging into Sherlock's room whilst he was changing and all. While he really wasn't opposed to seeing Sherlock half-dressed, he would've liked to do it with the other man's consent. And he’d startled Sherlock so horribly that the taller man had hit his head on the edge of a dresser. John had tried to check for a concussion, but he’d been reminded that Sherlock was only wearing pants.
question wasn't the right one to ask. Sherlock's face darkened momentarily, his beautiful smile disappearing before a little grin took over his face.
“You’re not allowed to have another lesbian friend!” Irene hissed loudly. No one bothered to pretend they hadn’t heard.
“This is ridiculous,” the King insisted. He turned to his aunt. “These men want us to lead our own people to the slaughter.”
A soft breath rushed out of John’s lungs. He closed his eyes and took a deep breath, silently thankful that Sherlock didn’t mean… other things. John was barely over his complex about allowing himself to
Sherlock tried in vain to dislodge the fingers clamped over his mouth. He kicked and yelled and generally made a scene. (He’d always been a touch dramatic, and he dared say being kidnapped was worth a bit of a fuss.) The hand over his mouth was small but sturdy, belonging to a woman, and calloused in all the right places for a tailor or seamstress. A small part of him mourned the loss of talented fingers as his teeth sunk into the woman’s flesh.
Sherlock nearly sighed in relief, but he was careful to distance himself. Emotions wouldn’t help him save his family, his people. Logic and bloodshed would do the trick just fine. Greg and Rosalie listened intently as Sherlock described everything he might need from the most to least likely scenario. As the prince spoke, Greg steadily blanched, and Rosalie became more and more tense. John clasped Sherlock’s hand under the table, and Sherlock squeezed it back in thanks, grateful for John’s show of support.
John thought of his dirty clothes and skin, his very presence smearing the sight of such a clean and elegant room, and an itch crawled up his arms and down his back.
Moriarty grinned as he turned to focus on Sherlock. (John couldn’t blame him.) John willed Magic to heal him, frowning when nothing happened. A slow, thin line of blood trickled down his neck and into his armor. The blade had barely broken his skin.
When the doors opened again, Violet began sobbing anew. Mycroft, looking thinner and more haggard than Siger had ever dared imagine, stalked into the ballroom, his head down.
“Don’t listen to her,” came John’s voice. Irene had never loved him more. “Sherlock, get to Moriarty!”
prince. It was a handsome picture, but he rather preferred Sherlock as he was now (like him), and wasn’t that
He turned to Sherlock, who looked as if he hadn’t slept in days. John’s heart ached to look at his bloodshot eyes and gaunt-looking face.
“But that’s a story,” John said even as Magic began to buzz happily in his ear. “One our mums used to tell us to get us to fall asleep.”
“What do you want me to say?” he asked, his voice rising for the first time since they’d started talking. “I have to go if I want it to shut up, and there’s nothing for me here. What’s the harm done if I go or not?”
a good idea,” John replied, grabbing a spoon and shoveling breakfast into his mouth. He spoke through mouthfuls of food. “I could die, but I don’t think I will.”
“Your Highness, surely you have heard the stories of London,” John said. “You have heard of the witch Moriarty and the sleeping prince. He stands before you now. He must save his kingdom and his family, and he can’t do that without your help. We-
Molly Hooper, one of the shyer girls in his biomedical science course, sat nearly on top of Sherlock, giggling and beaming down at him with hearts in her big brown eyes. He was talking animatedly, his free hand gesturing wildly, a small smile playing at his pink lips.
Even as the image sent envy coursing through his veins, Sherlock’s face and neck burned as he pictured droplets of water trickling down John’s small, strong body, curving around the taut muscles of his shoulders, clinging to his collarbone and the veins in his neck. The prince imagined the rough scrape of John’s cinnamon stubble against his lips, John’s calloused hands cupping his jaw (and
It was hard to remember, considering how high Sherlock had been, but it had involved needles and hands and tongues, and it never needed to be visited. Why was he here now? Why? Whywhywhywhy-
“Ah-ah, Sherlock, it’s not fair,” Moriarty warned. His friendly smile didn’t reach his eyes. “Two against one. It has to be fair.”
Sherlock grinned down at her, shrugged at John, and dashed off to the kitchen. John smiled after him, content.
Siger and Violet shared a heavy look. Siger knew his wife would be asking Mycroft about this fellow as soon as everything was settled. (Provided, of course, his name wasn’t on the list of the deceased.)
“Will you ever stop your matchmaking?” Siger asked, taking his wife’s hand as they left the ballroom. “They’re grown men.”
He stumbled out of bed wiped his face with a cloth left by his wash basin. Once his face and hair were mostly dry, the prince raised his head to gaze in the mirror and let out a wordless scream.
“Oh, God, sorry!” John apologized suddenly. Startled by John’s outburst but unwilling to admit it to himself, Sherlock took a singular step back.
The prince whipped around to face the voice and recoiled at what he saw there, his back slamming against the heavy wooden doors.
Cold wind nipped at John’s nose and burned his lungs. A thin layer of sweat formed on his forehead, his chest, his back. The knight cursed the weather for killing him and his body for betraying him.
“Never,” John replied, gently pushing Shan away from him. She pouted, her heated gaze contradicting her innocent demeanor. “Was there something you wanted from me, Your Highness?”
John shrugged again, double-checking everything he’d packed. “Magic told me. I don't remember. I imagine it begins with ‘Prince,’ but I’m lost after that.”
- of carrying on behind my husband’s back. How could he say such…” She bit her lip, painted blood red even though she wore only her thin dressing gown and slip. “Oh, such
Sherlock laughed, and John caught his lips again, burying his hands in dark curls. The taller man grinned into the kiss and brought his hands to John's waist and neck, tracing patterns on tan skin.
The King and Queen went pale, their eyes wide and mouths open. Sherlock stood, his chair scraping the marble floor with a terrible sound, and stormed out of the room, the huge double doors banging shut behind him.
Magic buzzed around him, so loud that he couldn’t even entertain the idea of falling back asleep. It danced around him carelessly, suffocating him, leaving him in further darkness. Magic shouted and screamed and cried as more and more tears escaped from John’s eyes, never stopping, never resting, never letting up for just
Irene picked a direction and started walking. It was hours more until she reached a town, where she surprised herself by transforming once again into the creature she'd come to hate more than any other. The bird flying overhead would attract less attention than a shivering, naked stranger meandering through town.
“I don’t think they dislike you,” John said. “They’re probably unsure of how to act around you. You’re a prince.”
“Well, you can’t expect him to microwave his eyeballs and Irene’s tea in the same one,” Greg reasoned, gently rubbing his boyfriend’s shoulder.
Sherlock noticed John walking down the hallway of the bio wing, right past the door to Sherlock's lab, and he panicked. The taller man ducked inside the nearest classroom, startling a few younger students who were busy dissecting sheep hearts. When he was sure John was gone, Sherlock smiled awkwardly at the students and fled, darting to his own lab before anyone else saw him.
This took me forever to write because I'm super lazy and went on vacation and didn't have a lot of direction but! Here it is. Hope you liked it.
“Almost always,” insisted Sherlock. “It’s dreadfully easy, but I’m afraid I can’t explain how to do it.”
Leave a comment or give kudos if you liked it, hated it, or have any suggestions. Feedback fuels me :)
been in the running for the throne. Mycroft exceeded any and all expectations set upon him. Sherlock had not. He thought he would never have to deal with this sort of thing, and especially not so soon. He thought of his room in the castle, books piled high on his desk and on his bookshelf and on every available spot on the floor. What good would that do him now?
“You say that your father will aid in the war with Afghanistan,” he said, his eyes trained on Sherlock, “but can you guarantee our success in challenging Moriarty?”
“You kept Sherlock safe,” Siger interrupted. “None of us could have saved Sherrinford. It hurts to say it, but it's true. We couldn't have stopped that witch, couldn’t have changed his mind. You and Sherlock did nothing wrong.”
“Where did you run off to today?” John had asked, his elbows on the table (just like Mummy had always insisted Sherlock
on Irene's chest burned, and fire licked its way over her naked body, leaving her mostly dry but still very naked and still very lost.
“Yes! I do, Sherlock, I just thought…um…well…Sherlock I really think you should tell me how you feel and tell me about why losing Marie hurt you like it did.”
“Okay, I’m pretty much still loose so sit up Sherlock.” He said. Sherlock sat up and the two men sat chest to chest, John’s knees bent as he sat in Sherlock’s lap.
John was dumbfounded. “I...Sherlock…” He paused, trying to put his words together carefully. “I don’t want to leave though.”
John looked up startled by this. Sherlock was looking away from him, his right hand still on John’s jaw, the other on the bed, clutching the sheets.
"This dog is mine. She followed me home. I took care of her. She is mine." Sherlock said in confidence.
John didn’t think twice about what he did next. He walked swiftly up to the officers. “Oi!” he said. “Don’t call him that!”
“Sher-” John tried speaking again, but he continued to struggle to breathe. His grip on Sherlock’s shirt loosened so Sherlock gently lowered him down. When the two were on the floor, John’s breathing was uneven, a few tears streaming down his cheek.
Sherlock didn’t respond but turned and went back to whatever the hell he was doing before. John continued on trying to find the mouse
John’s eyes widened brightly, his smile growing at Sherlock as he walked to the kitchen. He sat down the groceries gently, took off his jacket, turned the kettle on and then walked to his chair, sitting down in front of Sherlock.
“No. It… It was just a nightmare…they’re all the same, about the war…about…” He couldn’t finish but was grateful Sherlock didn’t press him to continue. Instead, he felt a hand on his shoulder. They stood in silence for a bit, and then Sherlock muttered something about showering and John was left alone.
Sherlock didn’t look up from the floor, but quietly responded, “2 years. I was only 8 when he….when he died.”
Soon, John was aching, and he stopped stroking. “We need lube.” John whispered, as his arousal increased from Sherlock’s panting.
John looked into his eyes as he spoke. “Rather nicely.” He licked his lips, watching Sherlock’s pupils grow bigger.
"That can't be. They had barely talked to each other." Greg said, desperately trying to believe it, but even he couldn't deny that his son had a tendency to become very loyal, very quickly to certain people. "Being around Sherlock is dangerous. He must know that."
Letrade saw Donovan regain her composure and with a smirk she opened her mouth to no doubt say something cutting when she was abruptly shut up by a stern voice.
"He is taking it far better than us." One of them whispered and Sherlock opened his eyes to see the others shooting him a glare.
John and Molly started to talk and Sherlock listened in here and there but otherwise his mind was occupied by his case. And he already deduced those things of John which he was sharing with Molly.
John followed him with his eyes as they passed and he woofed quietly as a hello. Sherlock in answer wiggled his tail a bit.
Ignoring Letrade's protests he walked up to John, discarding the blanket carelessly into one of the police cars.
Sherlock let out a growl at the buzzing noise. People were talking, glasses were clinking together, the cars were too loud outside.
"My Grandfather taught me how to shoot after my parents divorced. You are right about of the injury and I am considering being a soldier."
John stops in the middle of his sentence because Sherlock hasn’t heard him, at all.  His eyes have gotten darker and he plays lazily with his lower lip, twisting it between his finger and thumb.  His legs are stretched in front of him, and parted, instead of his usual tucked-in position.
At first, John has no idea what it is about, because Sherlock is facing him, head bent forward.  Then, as he turns to drop his Belstaff on the closest piece of furniture, it appears that he got a haircut.  Of  course, Sherlock gets his hair cut on a regular basis - he has very precise standards when it comes to the length and the layers are cut in a way that is aesthetically pleasing and easier to arrange.  John has never made a secret of how much he likes Sherlock's ebony curls, the longer the better. He’s always secretly pleased when the regular, once every two months’ appointment gets postponed and he can enjoy those untameable, long locks.
At least, John doesn’t have to worry about keeping Sherlock warm.  The warmth isn’t only for their comfort –a new-born is extremely sensitive to cold.
“No, of course I’m not sure, but we can try,” John snaps, feeling immediately guilty.  He begins to apologise but Mycroft stops him with a dismissive hand motion.
And everything seems to be going back to normal.  It's a little early to celebrate, without having a cervix measurement, but John does breathe a little better.
“Because I know you can take it.  I misjudged you, upon our first meeting.  You are far more complex than what meets the eyes.  Your intellectual capacities can’t compare to Sherlock, of course, but are above average, by a long shot.  You are fiercely loyal and morally incorruptible.   I don’t know what clicked between you and my brother, but one thing is for certain, you seem to be exactly what he was missing in his life.  As you didn't know him then, you can't understand how difficult he was before you moved in together.  I do, and I have to come to the conclusion that you archived something I never could.  You gained his trust.”
John is still laughing when he goes back to find Mycroft.  He finds he can still maintain a clear mind, and a calm, stoic attitude. For now anyway.  He hopes the older Holmes has just made a miracle possible, and that some special helicopter from the army or even the MI-6 is on the way.  When it comes to Mycroft’s resources, nothing is ever farfetched.
John doesn't like the way Sherlock's avoiding his gaze.  He sits up and leans a hand to  his face, softly, coaxing him into turning his head.
It might be because John is scared, or just because the guy is obviously an incompetent moron, but he too starts shouting.  They should already be on their way to the hospital, Sherlock is bleeding.  It's not much, but it hasn’t stopped.  Getting him downstairs with Lestrade took forever and he's had three episodes of a sudden pain in his lower back that cannot be something other than contractions.
"Right before we left.  Oh my god Sherlock, stop crossing your eyes at me, since when have you become a prude?"
"We are, aren't we?" Sherlock asks, and it's meant to be an affirmation, not a question, but there is still a hint of insecurity -always- in his voice, and really, what he meant was : "You love me, do you?"
"I do," John says, taking Sherlock's hand in his.  "Trust me, I do.  Each case, for me, is about keeping you safe, out of harm's way.  You do have a better sense of self-preservation since you are pregnant, but still."
John undresses and kneels between Sherlock's parted legs. He sees the wetness between his thighs and his mouth waters.  Carriers aren't regular in their cycles, but right now, there is no doubt Sherlock is fertile.  He's leaking too much for it to be otherwise and there is this faint but unmistakable sweetness that's swelling the usual lovely scent of Sherlock's arousal.
It must be tiring.  John can only imagine.  It happens sometimes, even when they have sex.  In the middle of what would have without a doubt be a fantastic shag, Sherlock just stops.  His arousal is gone, his mind is very far away from the two of them pressed against each other.  At times, it's easy to bring him back but other times, it just doesn't work, and although John assures him again and again not to worry, he gets it, that although it doesn't bother him, it is a source of anxiety for Sherlock.
Mycroft’s car is right in front of them, and John is glad not to be alone.  When they had settled in the car, the radio was blasting information about the huge low pressure system responsible for the “apocalyptic conditions”.  That was when John turned it off.
There it is, the panic rising, when instead of relaxing, Sherlock's body keeps taut, locked on the last after-shock of his orgasm.  John gathers whatever energy he has left and lifts himself on his forearms.
Sherlock twists himself so that he’s almost lying flat on the ground, and grab his thighs, his fingernails digging into the skin as he lifts his legs with a growl.  Mycroft helps him, murmuring a series of encouragement words and endearment terms.
John’s heartbeat accelerates brutally.  He’s suddenly very aware of everything.  The first pulses of panic seize him.  Sherlock.  Is Sherlock okay?
"I love you too," Sherlock answers with a weak voice, cradling John's face as if it's porcelain ready to break.
"I do wish we could have a little slack from the Yard," John admits, lowering the duvet of the freshly made bed.
“The worst case scenario is being unable to reach the hospital, being stuck at the cottage.  Me, giving birth, without medical assistance.”
It is Mrs. Hudson's theory anyways.  "When you go through a tough period in your life, John, there is nothing more upsetting than seeing the material results of it all.  Things always seem better in a tidy, clean place."  John has no idea if she is right.  Maybe it is something she had discovered about herself, in the days she was the wife of a drug cartel boss.  She spends hours cleaning up with him, careful to remind him that it is an exceptional situation, and that, of course, she is not their house keeper.
John slips into his dressing gown, observing Sherlock in the weak ray of light coming from the window.  Sherlock frowns a little, his lips twitching, but he is still deep under.  Good.  He really does need the rest. Besides, if Sherlock had any say in the matter, he wouldn't be asleep.  He's at a stage where his body has taken the reins.  John knows it should calm him down, and finally shut down the worried voice at the back of his mind, (is Sherlock ok, what if he's not, what if the baby is not, what if...), but all it does is remind him that Sherlock's body is so exhausted he has been momentarily cured of his insomnia.  And they are only on the fourteenth week of the pregnancy.  God.
Take Peter Blair, for example; once a taciturn hospital janitor too cowardly to divorce his unfaithful wife, who thought he could do just like in old movies and disguise her murder as an accident to collect the insurance money.  Sherlock had solved the case years before he had met John, and couldn’t even remember it when Mycroft had come to them with the news.  There had been a riot at the detention centre where Blair was serving his sentence, and he was one of the seven inmates that had escaped.  It was only then that Mycroft had been told that the years of imprisonment had allowed Blair had allowed Blair to develop an acute psychosis, with Sherlock being the main subject of his delirium.
It is a peaceful morning.  John stands at his favourite spot in front of the window, drinking a coffee, feeling completely awake despite having covered for a colleague at the A & E during the night.
Mycroft drops his phone once again, and shakes his head slowly.  Whatever happens, it’s between the three of them, and good god, John doesn’t know what to do.
The excitement, John thinks, doesn't come from the identity of the sex.  Sherlock and he had talked about it, and it turned out neither of them had a preference. Knowing, though, gives the pregnancy a whole new perspective, and in the gradual steps of making it real, for them, it is a huge one.  The foetus isn't just a foetus anymore.  It has an identity.  A little girl.  Who is going to need a name.  Wow.  John is a doctor:  he has seen his fair share of babies and pregnancies, but this does not seem to count, at all, when it comes to him, and Sherlock... and their daughter.
There hadn't been any fight about deciding if they wanted to know the sex or not.  John likes to be prepared -another soldier trait that has followed him afterwards- and for Sherlock, it was the most logical option.
John doesn't hear the response.  There it is again, that grey cloud covering his eyes, his mind.  He's so tired, and so light, and then he's nothing he's...
“You’re an idiot,” Sherlock points out.  “So, yes, I went to see my dear brother, and since my personal doctor has insisted that I should give up on hard drugs altogether I decided to get drunk.  Which wasn’t very clever of me.  I have a very low tolerance when it comes to alcohol.”
That is one thing Sherlock cannot hide from John.  He can chew gun or change his clothes, the smell and the taste of tobacco have a way of lingering long after the cigarette has been finished.
Sherlock twists on his back so that he can look at John.  "It is still more advantageous in our so-called modern society, to be male, as you surely know.  Women are still the principal victims of crimes, as well as more vulnerable to abuse, every kind of abuse.  So..." Sherlock's cheeks heat up.  "I am... worried," he admits, low voice and embarrassed, shifting eyes.
Sherlock gives him an affronted look and begins the complicated process of getting out the  back seat, ignoring John's stretched hand and mumbling something about smartarse fiancés spending way too much time with disagreeable big brothers.
"We need to send your brother a fruit basket." he adds as an afterthought, running his hand up and down Sherlock's back, feeling the softness of the skin contrasting with the sharp vertebras.  Another contradiction. So many of them.  Sherlock's body is too thin, but his muscles -the ones in his thighs, arse, and shoulders - are developed, lean and hard.  His skin is pale enough that in his practice, John looks out for that pallor when he suspects a patient might have anaemia. But with Sherlock, it is a gorgeous colour, and none other would fit, except the redness of excitement, arousal or embarrassment. (John's personal favourite).  Again with the colour and contradiction, the darkness of Sherlock's soft hair would suggest the same all over his body, but Sherlock's chest is bare, wherein the rest of the few body hair he possesses are definitely not black -not even brown, as a matter of fact, but ginger. Of course, their sparseness is consistent with Sherlock's particular carrier biology, and-
« I’ve disappointed you, » Sherlock had said in a cold voice, although John had thought he had been surprised, and a little taken aback.
"Oh.  Yes.  I texted him to schedule a meeting in one of those shady pubs downtown.  I figured it would be easier to search the grounds. That moron thought I wanted to blackmail him.  He hasn't left the property since the aunt died.  Couldn't even wait for her body to cool down."
Afterward comes the washing of Sherlock’s hair, his most favourite part.  John knows it is physically impossible, but he swears he can sometimes hear him purr while he massages his scalp and gently untangles his heavy curls.  As usual, after the purring comes a state of complete relaxation, which has Sherlock’s eyelids heavy with sleep while a lazy smile dances on his lips.  He sighs from contentment. “I will reach thirty-seven weeks in a three days,” he murmurs, voice low and raspy.  “Which means there will be no stopping my labour when it starts, from that point on.”
Anyway, anything is better than staying home with nothing to do, talking about everything but the only issue that matters.  John had been sincere when he had told Sherlock he could take all the time he needed.  Only now, he begins to think Sherlock had only been looking for an out, a way to avoid the issue instead of facing it.  If so, eventually, John will have to intervene. Abortions are generally less traumatizing the earlier they are done.
When Lestrade calls, a thunderstorm is raging outside, marking the end of the heat wave.  Sherlock and John's life goes back to its strange normalcy. They don't know it yet, but all they will get is six weeks before another storm blows through 221B Baker Street, leaving them, for once both at the same time, at a loss to know how to deal with it.
"I will be going then," Mycroft says, tightening his coat around himself.  When he gets in the weak light of the moon, John sees that he's wearing jeans and a thick leather coat.  It is so unusual it cuts John's breath short in his throat.  It's like Mycroft is playing dress up.  He doesn't even have his umbrella with him.
They smile to each other, and John cannot help himself, getting closer (as much as he can, he always finds himself surprised to bump into Sherlock's belly) and bringing Sherlock's head down for a kiss.
Sherlock gives John, who's frozen in place, an uncertain smile.  "We both know my priority isn't the Work anymore but you, and our daughter.  Nevertheless, I do not know if I am ready to give it up entirely, which makes me a very bad fiancé, and father.  I am selfish, John."
Sherlock lets John drags him out of the flat and down the stairs.  He had agreed to try one prenatal class the day before, after John had finally lost his patience and taken his Captain voice.
"John," Sherlock whispers after a few minutes of leisurely cuddles, sights and groans of satisfaction.
The confidence is out of John’s mouth before he realises what he’s about to say.  He then feels frozen, unable to move or speak.
It makes John shiver.  After the first time he had found Sherlock completely high (on a mix of morphine, cocaine and ketamine that could have very well killed him) and got out of him that it did happen on a more or less regular basis, he had made his absolute priority of getting him off the drugs, for good.  And it had worked, but John doesn't lie to himself; an addict will always remain an addict, even after years of abstinence.  Accepting to share Sherlock's life, as a friend, is to accept that the watching over him will never stop, and the crawling fear will remain at the back of his mind like a ghost companion.  John hasn't told anyone about this, but he has brought back from the surgery everything he would need if he ever found Sherlock over dosing.  Every three months, he goes over his emergency kit, to be sure the drugs haven't expired and Sherlock hasn't messed with it, because well, he must know.  That is the man who ordered John's birth certificate to learn what the "H" in his name stood for.
“That is why,” Sherlock says.  “Of all people, I thought Mycroft would be the one to help me get over my...romantic notions."
"You know," Sherlock goes on in a cold voice, "not everyone needs to prove something by fornicating as often as possible.  I am confident enough in my-"
Five days since the pregnancy tests.  Five days during which Sherlock has closed himself to John regarding the progression of his reflection.  He's not brooding, nor silent.  He just makes it very clear there will be no talk about the pregnancy until he allows it.
The hell with it.  He should call Molly.  It's past midnight, but if Sherlock is still at Bart's, she will be too.  It's not like it would be the first time Sherlock kept her up until the middle of the night because he needs assistance.  It's also not like she would say no to him.
John sits beside him, their thighs touching.  A moment passes, swelled with awkwardness.  John has time to think that maybe Sherlock just isn’t ready to talk.  He might need time to process a handful of new facts and sensations.  But then, the detective clears his throat.
"Do not touch me, you barely know what you are doing!  How many times have you had to pass your final exam before getting it right?  Three?" Sherlock squints at him.  "No.  Four.  Get away from me you moron."
John smiles, then yawns, just thinking of sleep.  He doesn't have quiet nights these days.  The more the pregnancy advances, the more Sherlock's sleep is agitated.  He moves almost constantly, has long conversations with himself, huffs and sighs, all without waking up for good.  John thinks it is due partly to his anxiety, and partly to the difficulty he has finding a comfortable position.
Sherlock makes a non-committal noise.  He closes his eyes, takes a deep breath and begins to sit up.  John grabs his arm to help.  It's become an automatic reflex.  They both land with an "ouf!"
"You are absolutely brilliant," he tells Sherlock, taking his face delicately, into both of his hands.
"It's unnerving," Sherlock goes on, "how evolution has decided that the most vulnerable part of a parturient should be located in plain sight with easy access.  We waddle around exposing our descent like some... bait, for predators and elements."
Yes, he knows.  Has always known.  It's what makes the Nightmare so bloody frightening, because he can't wake up.  God he wants to, but he can't, and the jeep leaves the camp in a cloud of sand.
Sherlock tries to sit up abruptly, which he cannot do anymore.  After the third attempt, he settles to turn his back to John, curling on his side and pushing him back when he tries to touch him.
Even more surprising is how tiredness falls upon John and how - instead of taking advantage of this brief lull in the midst of a tempest and sort his own thoughts, instead of allowing himself to process the turmoil of emotions he has refused to acknowledge so far from the moment he saw the first tiny plus sign appear - how he just surrenders and lets sleep overtake him.
Whenever Sherlock wants to fight nasty, just so that he won't be the only one frustrated, he knows with surgical precision which of John's buttons to push to obtain satisfying results.  If John can keep himself from biting, his calmness infuriates Sherlock like nothing else, and usually marks the turning point where the frustration and ennui give way to complete silence.  Before they got together, it could last for days, those very bad days that made John wonder if Sherlock would try to find a fix, or if that the silent brooding wasn't more serious, turning into a full-on depression.
“Enough Sherlock. You and John will just be locked up for the rest of the night, and there will be a fine as well. Nothing to worry about.” Lestrade said, basking in this accomplishment. “Maybe this will teach you to not be having sex outside your flat.”
Sherlock smirked. “Maybe one.”  He turned around, straddling John’s lap, their naked cocks brushing. He kissed John’s lips chastely, before moving along John’s jaw to his ear. “I do have a very specific one.” He whispered in John’s ear.
Sherlock simply nodded not wanting to talk about Redbeard. John, bless him, noticed the change in Sherlock’s face and didn’t press further.
“John,” Sherlock started. “I want to help, but I need you to tell me if I’m helping or not. Promise?”
Upon entering the crime scene, John had to take a deep breath, taking it all in. It was a mess, to say the least. Broken glass, other things littered the floor, the body of the woman lying amongst it. But it wasn’t that that had John’s attention. There were red words painted on the wall, above the bed.
“John…I will stay with you. But you should know I don’t sleep every night. And I play the violin when I’m thinking. Sometimes I don’t talk for days on end. But I will stay with you. Would that alright?
John, happy to please Sherlock’s request, squirmed out of his jumper and t-shirt, baring his scarred and tanned chest to Sherlock who immediately began touching John’s chest. He then licked up from John’s right nipple to his earlobe, causing a moan creep out of John. He began sucking and biting John’s neck back down leaving marks along the way. John, aroused more than ever, than pulled Sherlock’s face back to his and roughly began kissing him. The two men were kissing and gasping for breath, their trousers becoming unbearably tight that it wasn’t long before Sherlock pulled back suddenly with his hair in a disarray. He quickly got off of John’s lap and yanked off his own trousers and pants, revealing his very erected cock.  At the sensual sight, John, who had been catching his breath, quickly began unbuckling his own when Sherlock’s hands joined his own and pulled John’s trousers and pants all at once, letting them join with his own on the floor.
“Yeah…yeah I did…it was…fuck…you were so arrogant but so right.” The man said, looking up at the sky, trying to blink back his tears.. “Shit, I’m sorry.”
Early morning light filled the flat as John awoke from a pleasant dream. He felt warmth pressing on his back and with a glance over his shoulder he found that he and Sherlock had moved sometime through the night, Sherlock against the sofa, spooning John. John ever so gently turned over, bringing himself face to face with the detective. Sherlock appeared to be fast asleep, his eyes still a bit red and puffy from last night but his breathing even and his arm over John, clutching his slightly. John took in this rare moment and before he knew it, he was falling back into sleep.
John came home after a dull day at the surgery to find the consulting detective lying on the sofa, a small terrier lying on his chest. The sight was something he never dreamt of. Sherlock seemed to be fast asleep or at least very relaxed while the puppy slept soundly. The sight was so unexpected it wasn’t until a couple minutes did John notice the bulky white dressing wrapped around the puppy’s left hind leg. The idea that Sherlock Holmes took care of another breathing thing sparked something inside John and a new wave of affection and love blossomed for the detective.
The victim was young, and very beautiful, and also very smart. She had just begun graduate school at 22 years old. John looked through family statements, finding nothing suggesting Isabella had any enemies. She was born in France, to a French father and an Italian mother. She was found by her friend, Garret, in the hallway with large lacerations on her back. She had been paralyzed, not killed until a single blow to the head, the only similarity to the recent case other than the words found written on her books in black paint. What could’ve caused such large, messy lacerations was unknown to John, who looked up at Sherlock, only to see the detective intently reading the case notes. John sighed, stretching his back, and pulled out the words that had been painted and tried to see if there was any similarity to the recent case.
I hope everyone enjoyed this : ) it was difficult at times but as I was writing this chapter I felt I could end it here and it would be fine and I think it is.
Sherlock remained where he was for the next half hour, drinking the gingerale, his hiccups slowly disappearing. About an hour later, Greg and Molly prepared the boat so they can slowly cruise along while eating lunch. Molly pulled out sandwiches, only to have Sherlock to say, “I’m not hungry.”
“No, you’re right.” He shrugged. “We don’t know each other…” John trailed off, and took a step back. He unraveled his fists once before clenching them in a tight ball and sat down at the table. Sherlock remained standing, looking down at him and breathing deeply.
“I…” Sherlock started. He really wanted to go further but didn’t know if John wanted to at the moment.
John was seated in the armchair with a cup of tea when Sherlock walked in, dressed in his usual clothing. He was pulling on his coat when he turned to John.
“We’ll be there in ten minutes.” And he was off, and the next thing John knew he was being pulled off the chair and lead to the doorway, his jacket handed to him.
Sherlock, having finished the song and upon hearing the kettle, placed his violin down and walked towards John. He placed his hand on John’s shoulder, squeezing it and in return, John turned, two cups of tea in his hands, with a gentle smile on his face.
And later, much later, as his life changed drastically, and he had met the best, most wisest man he would ever know, and the girlfriends slowly disappeared, John Watson could now be described as fine.
Sherlock huffed, rolling his eyes as he climbed off John. John stood up slightly, smoothing out his wrinkled clothes before following Sherlock.
“Yes. Redbeard was named after a pirate I read about as a child and Marie was named after Marie Curie, so its only fitting we name this dog, who we have adopted as a couple, after someone who was an excellent man who helped his country and was also a genius.”
“Sherlock please.” John said, wiping his face. He didn’t look broken, or scared, but sad and Sherlock didn’t want to see that look on his face ever again.
“Yes…John…John.” Sherlock rambled. “Oh…my John…” He suddenly gasped, burying his face in John’s neck as he orgasm ripped through him as he came onto John’s uniform.
“Would you like to come with me to Scotland Yard? Lestrade texted, there’s a case he wants me to look at.”
“John…you should know…I don’t sleep….regularly. I only need a couple hours, four maybe five at the most so…-“
The two men remained where they where. Sherlock had no idea what to say and spent a considerable amount of seconds determining the best course of action. Finally he spoke, softly and in no way pitiful, “ It’s a bit cold to be outside, isn’t?”
John spun around, facing the doorway, waiting. Sherlock made his way into the sitting room, his face pale, his eyes twinkling with raw emotion, his clothes rumpled.
John eyed Sherlock, his red cheeks, and his eyes glistening with tears as he shook with amusement. When their eyes came into contact, John saw predatory lust fill Sherlock’s blue eyes. He licked his lips, desperately wanting to lunge forward onto Sherlock.
“Wait, John!” Sherlock exclaimed as John was leaning down to pull the lace underwear on. “John, I…I don’t want to see you…in them yet. I want to
He came without warning Sherlock; his orgasm causing him to arch his back. Sherlock hummed in encouragement, swallowing his come.
The two men gasped at the feeling of each other’s skin against their own and as Sherlock rutted against him, John arched his back, his head into the pillow as his arousal bloomed within him.
The two stayed like that, John on top of Sherlock as he began to calm down, slowly drifting back asleep.
John grew embarrassed and looked at Sherlock who was smiling and smirking at the same time. John huffed a breath, laughing a bit as he and Sherlock followed the security guard out of the party.
“Its not.” Lestrade said walking towards them. “The guard recognized your faces when you entered the warehouse and thought you might be here for a case. So he called. I told him to keep an eye on you until I arrived. What were you two doing?” Lestrade asked.
John Watson was a man of many things. He was a soldier. A doctor. He was caring, kind, passionate about many things, stubborn in many ways and timid about his feelings. It probably was due to his childhood, or at least growing up as a teenager with his sister kicked out after their father found out she was gay. And that was another thing. John Watson was certainly not gay. He kept his sexuality hidden, deep, deep down. And it wasn’t because he was homophobic, no, of course not. He was only 13 when he realised he must be interested in boys and 14 when he saw and nearly fell over when he saw 15 year old Katie McNally. So he thought his interest in boys was just envy, since all the crushes he had on were on older, stronger, boys who always had a girl on their arm at the school dances. It wasn’t until a week before his 16th birthday, he startling fell for Peter Campbell, a new player on the school’s junior rugby team and thankfully, he shortly learned of the term ‘bisexual’ and was relieved to learn he was not abnormal for finding both girls and boys attractive.
