the dresser is splintering and Tony searches blindly for something else to destroy, finds the door and punches it, makes a dent on it, punches it again, why can’t he forgive, uses his legs, someone’s shouting his name –
At 01:26 am on a crisp night on January, they have two healthy sons. Steve feels a weight drop off his shoulders – despite the doctors reassuring him that it wasn’t going to happen, he’d still worried that his children could inherit his unfortunate genetics from the time before the serum. But everything seems to be fine, both boys getting a perfect score from the doctor.
“Yeah, he texted me to ask me to keep an eye on you but he didn't give me any details,” Tony replied gently.
Steve stared at Tony as his breathing gradually deepened and he fell asleep. He could not let himself close his eyes as he knew what would flash before them when he did. His eyelids grew heavier and the last thought he had before he was pulled into unconsciousness was how much of an asshole it would make him if he wished it would rain tomorrow.
It took Steve a couple of minutes to figure out the plan of action for the best way to enter the building without setting off any of the explosives that the guy had rigged. He gave the team a short pep talk, checked their SHIELD issued comms and got ready to storm the building.
“Wait, you remembered our anniversary?” Steve asked, surprised. Tony was the kind of person who forgot his own birthday. He’d once joked that one of the best things about dating Steve was that his birthday was so easy to remember.
Shit, the kid was probably going to cry. Tony felt panic rising. He had to fix this somehow but he had no idea what to say. He didn’t need to worry though because Steve appeared to have got it covered.
Steve woke up with a gasp. He opened his eyes and stared up at the ceiling, frozen in terror. His limbs were locked in place and it felt like it would take more strength than he had to even turn his head and check if Tony was beside him. He could feel himself shaking, tiny shivers wracking his body as he remembered the cold water rising in the plane. He’d taken one final gasp of air before it reached his face, only to be thrown back into reality, finally released from the clutches of the nightmare.
Steve let out an amused huff of breath. “Yeah. Him. I think the hardest part about waking up in the future was the fact that I had no plan. For so long my plan was just to stay alive. For my mom and Bucky if not for myself. And then my plan was to join the Army. And a part of me knew I wasn’t coming back if I went in. But then I got the serum and I met Peggy. The last plan I made was the one I made with Peggy when the plane - well you know” he cut himself off as he took a deep breath. It was always going to be something that was hard to talk about. But it was getting easier. Tony made it easier.
“Oh thank God!” Steve muttered feeling almost dizzy with relief. Ava was safe. That’s all that mattered.
“Hey, it’s okay Steve. I forgive you. I know you didn’t mean to be hurtful. But can we talk about this? I want to know where you’re coming from. I want to understand your perspective,” Tony said.
He drank a few sips of water handed to him by a junior agent as the adrenaline rush faded. It had been a difficult mission and Steve was so relieved that they had been able to get everybody out. None of the team had suffered too much damage and Steve couldn’t wait to go home and sleep off his exhaustion. It had been a long few hours.
“The fact that you’d had a fight the day you got injured didn’t help the situation. I’m sure he kept going over and over it in his mind in a loop of self-recrimination.” she said.
“She sounds like a truly amazing person Cap. I wish I could have met her,” Tony replied stretching his arms above his head as his back cracked audibly. “But could we please do this on the couch next time? My ass is too fabulous to be asleep for so long.”
Oh. Steve processed that information. He’d never actually had a panic attack before but he’d helped Tony with them a couple of times after he’d had nightmares. That made so much more sense. He noticed that Tony was still in the business suit he’d worn for his board meeting that day, although he’d draped the jacket over the back of his chair. He looked pale and haggard.
“Okay, why? I am probably the least equipped to deal with small kids. They’re loud and sticky and don’t take no for an answer.”
Oh shit. Last night came flooding back and Tony groaned as he hid his face in the pillow. What was wrong with him. Could he have been any more obvious? Might as well have gone down on one knee for all the subtlety he had shown. Thank God Steve was completely oblivious or he might have gotten the wrong idea. That Tony was in love with him or something. Which he wasn't. Obviously.
He couldn’t deny the prospect of seeing Tony had just made everything seem so much better. But Tony had an important meeting scheduled today. Steve would be fine for another couple of hours. “Tony you don't have to do that. I’m okay,” Steve managed.
“So, what have we got here?” he asked, examining the lego tower the girl was painstakingly putting together with only one arm.
By the time he turned it off, Nick had eaten over half his meal so Tony considered it a success as Rhonda smiled at them gratefully.
“I’ve talked to Pep. And well, saying she was mad would be an understatement but when I explained what I wanted to do, she got on board. Eventually.”
An hour later, Tony descended the elevator to find Steve waiting for him with a sea of gift bags on the common floor. “What in the world are you wearing?” he asked, jaw dropping open in surprise at the sight before him.
He couldn’t hear the rest of Tony’s reply as his attention was caught by some commotion happening near the ambulances. He jogged over there to check what was happening and saw the woman who had passed out had woken up and was trying to get out of her restraints and was screaming hysterically. The paramedics were trying to restrain her but she was thrashing wildly trying to get out of the ambulance.
“--Wait, are you Tony Stark?” she asked, eyes wide. “I thought you looked really familiar but the sweater kind of threw me off. Although I see the connection with the colour scheme now,” she  teased.
Steve stood at the threshold of the penthouse kitchen as he watched Tony prepare his morning coffee. Apparently the second one of the day he observed. A wave of fondness came over him as he observed Tony trying to brew coffee, argue with JARVIS and fiddle with some complex looking schematic at the same time.
“It’s like your presence thawed the parts of me that had become numb to everything. I felt like life was just happening to me but you made me feel alive again Tony”, he finished
Steve looked at him with those baby blue eyes with an expression Tony couldn’t quite figure out. “You can't just say all these things and  -” he shook his head, voice quivering slightly. “-- Never mind. Thanks Tony.”
“Hey J,” he said after a slight pause where he contemplated the amount of effort it would take to get out of his clothes. “What was the probability that you mentioned of Steve actually liking me back?”
“You better have a good reason to stop kissing me right now baby,” Tony complained as Steve pulled back after a while to just stare at Tony.
“Ava is fine,” Tony assured him and Steve let out a relieved sigh. “You took the brunt of all the damage so we managed to get her out mostly unscathed. She was treated for a couple of minor scrapes and bruises and was reunited with her aunt. I gave her my card to call in that ride you promised her” he continued.
He finally locked eyes with Tony and felt some of the pressure around his heart lessen. “Sorry, I just - there was a plane - the plane, I mean, and it was just so much worse than usual because you were in it and I just -”
Steve heard the sheets rustle and Tony’s face came into view as he  leaned over Steve, cupping his face in his calloused palms.The sight of Tony, safe and unharmed filled him with such relief as he just stared at him for a minute to make sure Tony was really there.
“Like the life I had before the serum was real. Like the people I loved were real. And like the people who loved me were too,” Steve said and Tony’s heart ached.
“I’m not a kid, you can’t just bribe me with a milkshake Steve,” Tony spluttered. “And how do you even know where my favourite milkshake place is?”
“It was nothing,” Steve said, rubbing the back of his neck, self consciously. “We better get going. We have a few more kids to meet,” Steve said as he hugged her goodbye and they stepped into the corridor.
Sam had vehemently disagreed with him on that, telling him repeatedly that that was not how PTSD worked. Steve smiled sheepishly and nodded at the reminder, but silently disagreed. Some days it was just easier to believe than others.
“Oh. Uh I just thought - never mind. Sorry. Umm have a good day,” he’d said while trying to walk out of the kitchen as fast as he could without actually running. Jesus the whole team had been there to witness this. This humiliation.
“Okay so I wanted to suggest a teeny-tiny change in the plan for today,” Tony said, rubbing his hands together, suddenly nervous.
“You visit the children’s hospital every month?” Tony asked, surprised. “How come I don’t know about this?”
“Hey hey, it’s okay” Steve said as he caught her flailing arms and squeezed her hands gently. “Shh you’re fine. They won’t take you from here until you can tell me what you want to say okay? Just breathe. I’m right here” he soothed as he took deep breaths to encourage her to match his breathing.
“It’ll heal,” replied Steve, dully his face devoid of any emotion. And no this just won’t do. Steve Rogers should never look dull. He could look disbelieving or exasperated or annoyed or just plain furious when he looked at Tony, but not like this. His blue eyes were not meant to look so lifeless, like they were seeing through Tony instead of at him. Tony would take an angry Steve over this lost one any day.
“It is currently 11 am in the morning on the 19th of December, Sir. You are in Avengers Tower. Captain Rogers has asked me to let him know when you’re awake.”
“Yeah, yeah. Stop being such mother hens, both of you.“ he said as he got out of bed. He grimaced at his reflection in the bathroom mirror. It was certainly going to be an interesting day.
“That’s okay. We don’t really need to talk to build something,” Tony replied, talking louder in the hopes it would prompt Karl out of hiding.
“Okay first of all, nobody likes a know-it-all JARVIS, and let’s not call it a crush for God’s sake. What am I twelve?  Secondly, I very much do not want to know. I'm not that much of a masochist Jay,” said Tony.
After many whoops of joy from the team, Bruce had herded the rest of them out of the kitchen with Natasha muttering about how she had to be the one to do everything on this team.
When he had spent as much time under the shower as he could before he knew Tony would come in, he towelled off and put on a pair of pyjama pants and his favourite sleep shirt. The shirt was white, with a cute robot drawing and Robots > Humans written underneath. It was well worn and repeated washes had made it threadbare and it even had a hole in it. Tony pretended to hate it and had multiple half-hearted threats to throw it away, but Steve knew he’d never go through with them, especially after Steve had told Tony that the shirt reminded Steve of him.
“Well I may have somebody here who might cheer you up,” Steve smiled as he gestured for Tony to enter the room.
“The press better not get a picture of me in this or I’m gonna program JARVIS to play “Star Spangled Man with a Plan’ every time you enter a room,” Tony remarked as he pulled on the sweater.
“Yes,” Tony answered Steve before he turned to the rest of the team “Steve took me along on his monthly visits to the children’s hospitals a few  days ago and we met some amazing kids.They were really bummed out about being stuck in the hospital for Christmas, so I thought we could go visit and have a little Christmas party with them. Pepper basically took over the whole thing when I mentioned the idea so they should have set up the food and the decorations by now.”
“Did we just solve our relationship problems with healthy communication?” Steve teased, settling into the familiar banter while he tried to gather his thoughts.
Steve turned and smiled at him, small but true. “You know you were wrong earlier, Somehow you do know the right thing to say. Good night Tony.”
“Actually I would very much like to hear about the robotics competition,” Tony said as he took a seat next to the bed.
He carefully started applying ointment to the bruised knuckles though by this point the serum had kicked in and the colour had already started to fade a little.
“Uh hello? Rhodey? Platypus? Rhodes, you’re breaking up. I can’t hear you. I’ll talk to you later,” Tony said.
“Okay first of all, I’m not in love with him. Were you not listening to anything I just said? It’s just a stupid crush. You’ve met Steve. Anyone would have a crush on him right?”
“Wait, are you trying to reassure me? Is that what’s happening here? You’re the one who was fighting for his life. I was just sitting here uselessly by your side, waiting,” Tony ranted. “I fix things Steve. That’s what I do. And just sitting here waiting, knowing that I couldn’t do anything to help you, it was torture,” he continued, breathless with remembered panic.
“Not regularly. It’s not like we have some kind of regular gossip sessions. We just both care about the same thing so we sometimes communicate textually,” Tony replied.
“Oh my God fine, just stop looking at me like that. You know one day people are going to find out Captain America’s deadliest weapon isn't the shield; It's his ridiculous puppy dog eyes.”
“I’m so glad. I can finally stop hearing Tony moaning about how much he loves Steve on every call now,” Rhodey said as he came over to hug Tony.
“Will you tell me more about them?” Tony asked and Steve looked at him with such a fragile and hopeful look in his eyes, before he nodded.
He couldn’t think about the pain now. Tony just needed to get here fast enough to get her to safety. Then it would be over and he could allow himself the luxury of passing out. He kept up a litany of nonsense words for Ava as the pain started to get worse. He knew that his suit had been pierced by the debris and he was pretty sure the warmth he could feel near his head was blood.
“I mean, I personally prefer to be called hot, but I guess I’ll take what I can get,” Tony sighed and Steve laughed. Tony had always been able to make him laugh and smile when it seemed like he had forgotten how to.
“Tony,” Rhodey sighed, voice tinged with exasperation and amusement. “Is this what we’re doing now? Keeping tabs on him and tracking his moods?”
“It’s the holidays. Business days start back up in January,” Steve said as they broke apart, smiling giddily at each other.
“Wow, you’ve gotten really demanding in your thirties, Steve. What do you want to listen to?” Tony asked.
“Tony, this party has been planned for months. The press is going to be there. I’m pretty sure the Defense Secretary is going to be there too, not to mention half of SHIELD. And more importantly, what about Pepper?” Steve said.
He entered the apartment and rushed to the bathroom to find Ava sitting in the bathtub, clutching her knees, frightened and alone. She couldn’t have been more than 6 six years old.
“Oh it’s you, Steve.” she smiled tiredly in recognition. She looked exhausted, dark circles rimming her eyes and her posture slumped on the stool.
It was early afternoon before Steve was finally able to enter the building and incapacitate the guy with his shield. The rest of the team focussed on getting the terrified hostages out of the room as quickly as possible while Steve escorted the guy outside to hand him over to SHIELD custody. A middle-aged woman who had apparently passed out with terror was carried out by a team of paramedics.
“You’re deliberately misunderstanding me Tony. That’s not what I meant at all,” Steve replied, feeling more and more like the situation was spinning out of control but with no idea what to say to stop it.
“Okay I cannot express how much that doesn't make me feel better Steve. You know this. We’ve been through this,” Tony said as he gently tugged Steve to the shelves in the corner of the gym where they kept all the first aid supplies.
“He’s actually reacting very well to the new treatment. They just need to keep him for a few more days for observation, just to be sure. We're just a little grumpy, we won’t be home for Christmas,” she added, smiling fondly at him.
She nodded and Steve quickly picked her up. He started running as fast as he could and was almost at the entryway when the whole building creaked and chunks of debris started falling down rapidly. The exit was blocked and there was no way they were going to get out of there quickly. He quickly lay Ava down on the floor and lay down on top of her to protect her while using the shield to protect their heads as the building started coming down around them.
“I’ve been out of commission for two days?” Steve asked, shocked. “Wait, is Ava okay?” he asked, suddenly panicked as he remembered the brave little girl who’d trusted him with her life. Oh God. Please let her be okay.
“Hi Ava. Your Aunt sent me to get you out of here okay. She’s waiting for you outside. I’m going to take you to her” he said in the most soothing voice he could manage. Ava looked petrified as she tried to stifle her sobs. Steve’s heart ached at the sound.
“Okay look. I know I said it but you have to know by now that was the repressed daddy issues at play Steve. I didn't mean it. I could never mean it.”
“Jesus Christ. I’m going, I’m going” said Tony as he set down a prototype of the Widow bite he had been tinkering with and marched to the elevators.
Steve tried to take a deep breath but oxygen seemed terrifyingly elusive. Had something happened with the serum? Why was he having an asthma attack after so many years? He tried to sit up to open up his airways. Ma had drilled that into him - always sit upright when you have difficulty breathing no matter how much you were tempted to lay down. But his fear increased when he found he couldn’t bring himself to do that. His whole body felt heavy with exhaustion and deep-seated pain and the act of even raising his head slightly seemed impossibly daunting.
“Tony where are you? The meeting is about to start. The board members are already here. Don’t tell me you forgot Ton-”
“Hey you,” Tony said, gently squeezing Steve’s hand to get his attention. “Let’s just sit down for a while yeah?” He collected his supplies and led Steve to sit on the floor with their backs to the wall.
Steve was silent for a few minutes as he tried to gather his thoughts. He tried to remember exactly what he’d felt in that moment. The confusing tangle of emotions he needed to present Tony with. “This is a bit hard for me to talk about” Steve began and he swallowed down a little lump in his throat.
“You’re incorrigible,” Rhodey chuckled. “Anyway I think you have somewhere else to be so I’m going to hang up now. I’ll see you at the Christmas party this weekend.”
“It's just why did I get to live and not him? There’s nothing special about me. Everything special about me came from a bottle after all,” Steve smiled ruefully.
“Look I’m not not sure why I feel like I’ve walked into some kind of trap. So why don’t you just tell me Rogers?”
Steve looked away from him. It was impossible to say no when Tony turned on the full power of his puppy-dog eyes on you.
“I get up in the middle of the night sometimes and ask JARVIS to check my bank balance. Logically, I know how much money is in there, and that it hasn’t changed since the last time I checked but I need to hear it again. I need that reassurance. I worry about what would happen if I went against SHIELD someday and they froze my assets. Where would I be then? A part of me knows that you would always help me Tony. The team would never let me starve. But I just think about my Ma going to bed hungry for days at a time and that’s enough to make me stop spending.”
“Yeah that’s why you keep me around don’t you? Steve smiled. His smile vanished however when he saw what the gift was.
The first date they had been on, Steve hadn’t even known it was a date. In his defense they’d had dinner and watched a movie on the common floor. Steve had just assumed that Tony had invited the rest of the team and they had been busy. They had watched Toy Story because Tony loved animated movies and Steve loved the art they involved. It was the first time spending time with Tony had felt easy.
“Well, there’s always safety in numbers. And you and I make a good team,” Steve added as he led them down the hallway to where the older kids rooms were.
Amanda smiled. “The kids are going to be so happy to see you Steve, and not just because you got them gifts. Most of them are having a bit of a rough go of it at the moment. I’m sure your visit would bring some much needed holiday cheer.”
“I hope you don’t say that to everyone who’s ever wronged you,” Steve said as he took the mug into his own hands and leaned down to kiss Tony.
“I was just planning to visit the older kids and give them their presents. Would you like to come with me?”
“I want to start out by saying I’m sorry. I overreacted. You got me a really amazing, thoughtful gift and I shouldn’t have been so dismissive of that. I fixated so much on the price of it that I lost sight of the gesture. So, I’m sorry,” Steve apologised.
“And what is this change of plan?” Natasha asked her dark eyes boring into him as though she could see right through him.
“You know you could at least pretend to be convincing,” Tony muttered as he glared at the gadgetry in front of him, considering he couldn't glare at his best friend.
“Sounds like a plan,” Tony replied as he set off behind Steve, wondering why if this was just a crush then why does his heart feel like it had grown three sizes.
“You’re never going to let that go are you?” Steve asked, carefully depositing the toddler in the hands of a nurse.
He began stacking lego pieces together, sneakily adding more legos to the bottom of the building to make sure the foundation held. He glanced up at Steve from time to time to see him surrounded by kids demanding his attention as they showed him the art they had made and the small Christmas tree that they had apparently decorated. His face practically glowed with happiness as he oohed and aahed at every kid’s art and listened with an adorable pout of concentration on his face as they regaled him with everything that had happened since they had last seen him. Unsurprisingly, even the kids that hadn’t met Steve before had also been drawn in and were now a part of the Steve Rogers fan club.
“I want you to count”, Tony says, gripping the laces so tight it almost makes Steve’s chest part from the mattress. Tony’s other hand finds the crook of Steve’s ass underneath the skirt, and Steve hears him hiss from between his teeth as he moves his hand across the curve, the hem of the skirt sliding up. For a moment he just caresses Steve’s ass, then palms it roughly. Steve’s breath hitches and it takes all of his self-control not to grind against Tony’s lap.
He hears Steve swallow, and Tony knows his answer is cryptic, but his mind is processing through the implications of what he has just said himself, and he can’t offer Steve anything more before he’s had time to settle his own heartbeat and thoughts.
Groans demand to push out of Steve and break the kiss, but he fights to keep feeling Tony’s tongue against his own, the sensation making his nerves light up like a million fireflies, until Tony’s finger hits his prostate and he’s suddenly coming. Unable to suppress the noises anymore, Steve ends up whining loudly against Tony’s lips as Tony hits the spot again and again for him, the orgasm shattering all of the tension that’s been building up inside Steve into a powerful, euphoric stream of pleasure.
After all, what use was there for Steve to be worthy of the power if he couldn’t use it to save what mattered to him the most?
Steve moved his hands up and down on Tony’s arms, massaging them. “You’ve been acting up all week. It’s about the delivery guy, isn’t it? I know that joke was a little distasteful –“
”What does that mean?” he asks. His voice is cautious like he’s walking on thin ice, but underneath that Steve can hear his alpha demanding him for an explanation. Rightfully so.
Steve felt himself blush at the compliment a little, and he was about to return it when Tony pushed two fingers inside of him.
”See, that’s a good answer”, Tony had answered amicably. ”You pick”, he had added, his voice getting that note that Steve hadn’t been able to stop himself from interpreting as flirtatious lately. This was when Bruce had seen his cue to leave.
The whip starts going again, and Steve’s whole body sings. Tony is entirely correct on his estimate; on the third hit Steve finally yelps, not too loud but nevertheless. Tony gives him a small smirk.
Steve looks up to meet his eyes, nodding. He’s not entirely sorry himself, and Tony can probably pick that up from his expression.
”Yeah”, Steve agrees, his eyes closing. ”Yeah, I know. It’s just…” Steve lets out a noise that could be either a bitter laugh or a sigh. ”Guess you’re never ready for it when someone does really die.”
Tony manages to keep himself in check, but when Steve stops with just the tip past his rim, he stops to pant like he’s in pain and gives Steve a desperate look. Steve swings his hips backwards a tiny bit more just to slip Tony’s cock almost out of him again. He notices Tony’s muscles straining from the way he’s struggling to keep still, a hint of sweat on his forehead.
”I know”, Tony answered resignedly, closing his eyes as he laid his hand to Steve’s cheek. ”I just want to keep my young and beautiful omega satisfied”, he added with the some amusement, but Steve didn’t laugh.
Steve is surprised. He hasn’t really even thought about it, but it’s true. Male omegas usually can’t grow much of a beard and a neatly shaven face has been traditionally preferred on them. Because of the serum and his higher than normal testosterone levels for an omega, Steve’s beard grows just like an alpha’s, perhaps even quicker.
Steve, Clint, Bruce and Nat had already dug in at their usual Saturday night dinner at the Tower when Tony had sauntered in. When they’d started having these dinners regularly, Tony hadn’t shown much interest on the tradition, but lately, he had been showing up more and more often.
Steve recovered first, huffing loudly and pulling out of Tony. He was careful, but it still made Tony wince a little. Steve settled onto his side, bringing an arm over Tony and planted some kisses onto his back before resting his head against it. His finger begun to draw patterns on Tony’s shoulder lightly, and Tony idly tried to make sense of them in his mind. His heartbeat was finally starting to settle, the sweat on his skin beginning to cool off. The world was spinning around him no more as he opened his eyes.
Then one day, when they’re having their joined dinner, Steve says something that turns Tony’s blood cold. It has been one of the less communicative evenings again, and Tony has turned the kitchen TV on to fill up the silence. An ad for a new make-up rolls up.
Unbeknownst to Steve, as he wallows in his self-pity and worst-case scenarios, Bucky is being stopped in the hall by Tony demanding him for anything useful Steve might’ve said to him. After he’s finally let Bucky go, Tony comes back to the room, sitting to the end of the sofa next to Steve’s feet.
”I love you”, he assures Steve, who can’t seem to produce an answer. Tony kisses off the tears under his eyes.
But as Steve didn’t really seem capable of cooperation, Tony took his chances and did his best to gently push Steve onto his side, carefully moving with him so that he wouldn’t slip out of him in the process.
”And I love you for the way you sometimes fuck me like I’m your property.” He sucked Tony’s earlobe into his mouth, earning a small gasp from him. ”Because I am, Tony.”
”Tony”, Steve says tiredly. He’s not angry, he just doesn’t want to go to it. He shifts his face so that he can see Tony, his finger coming up to trail lines around the bruise on his collarbone. Tony’s still combing his hair with his fingers.
”After what happened, I was so afraid of losing you”, he starts, talking with his head still between his hands. He needs to make Tony understand, because the alternative is unthinkable. ”I would’ve done anything. Anything, Tony.”
Steve had elbowed his side gently and pressed a kiss to his cheek. ”Need to keep you on your toes and so forth.”
But there’s no going to sleep until the knot comes down. Seeing as it’s been so long since the last time, Tony knows it will take at least an hour. The wait becomes easily enjoyable as Steve begins to draw circles on his back.
The first thing Steve feels is relief. The second, however, is anger. He wants to go and slap Tony. Instead, he puts on a weak smile and sits beside him.
“See”, Tony starts. “This is what you don’t realise, Steve. To me, those eyes look pure. Innocent. Even when I see them looking up while my cock is slipping in and out of your pretty mouth, they look innocent. Do you have
”I don’t want you to be sorry. I want you to do your best to behave, so that I don’t have to punish you. You don’t want to make things hard for me, do you?”
Steve tries to focus his senses into understanding what Tony’s talking about, but Tony’s pace gives him no mercy. He slaps Steve’s ass again, his pace almost in the realm of ruthless now and the pressure is gathering inside of Steve, blocking everything else from his comprehension as the noises leaving him fill the room.
The knife in Tony’s hand halts. Heat. They both know that Tony won’t be able to resist if Steve stays in the house. Nature would overrule him. But heat really, really isn’t the circumstance they should start fixing this side of things in. In other words, Steve will have to go away, or they should start getting back to it as soon as possible.
Steve misses proper exercise too. He’s tired of walks that don’t even get his heart rate up - which is the point, he knows – but. He. Is. Tired. Of. Them. Swimming is a little better, but again, never feels like enough. And even though the woman at prenatal care keeps bringing up how good yoga or at least pilates would be for him, he doesn’t really even consider those. He’s not that modern yet, never mind how ridiculous it would be with his current body. Tony actually laughs out loud when the lady mentions those the first time, earning a sharp glance from Steve.
“I said my favorite sight was your face when I enter you, but look at yourself now, Steve”, he tells, his voice unfaltering even though he’s out of breath. “Look at yourself when I make you come, Steve.”
Tony can hear Steve’s self-confidence cracking in his voice. He lets go of Steve’s cock and pushes Steve off of him gently, making him lie down next to him.
Steve gets the message and leaves silently. The caveman in Tony congratulates him on being able to control his omega for once in his life. Tony sits to the floor with his whiskey and cries in a way he hasn’t since he was a child.
“Good”, Tony grinned at him, kissing his calf. He pulled Steve’s other leg up, pushed the thigh against Steve’s stomach. His cock brushed against Steve’s hole. “You want daddy to fuck you?”
Now, though, Steve seemed much more agitated than normally. Not quite aggressive, but Tony could definitely sense a hint of a threat in the air as Steve’s whines started morphing into growls. His behavior was certain to be stemming from the baby fever he’d been brewing for months before this heat, from the knowledge that they were actually trying for a baby this time.
He could’ve gone with them. But no, he has to sit on his arse while others go find the bastard that has killed his child. Just because Steve says so, because Rhodey says so, because Bruce says so, because Natasha says so, because even Thor and Nebula say so. The raccoon doesn’t even know Tony but even he says so. What is he, a child?
Tony came with a shout, clasping Steve’s hand and jerking violently as his seed rushed into Steve, nothing but hot white and
Steve would be surprised to know how close Tony came to praying himself during his time in space. But that’s not important now, and Tony just keeps listening, letting Steve talk.
Steve grabs his hand and pulls him closer. The movement makes Tony sink deeper inside of Steve out of his will, and Steve can’t hide his small grimace of pain.
”Don’t cry, silly”, Tony mumbled, a smile spreading onto his face. He drew his hand back from Steve’s behind and brushed it against his lips, his tongue coming out lazily to taste the trail of slick his fingers left on them. ”You taste too good to be crying, honey.”
As Steve pushes himself up, his hand comes across something wet and he turns to look at the spot confusedly. Slowly, realisation dawns on him, and only now he actually registers the way his whole body’s trembling, how his insides are cramping viciously.
There’s just still too much anger left in Tony, and he doesn’t want to bring any of that with him to their bed. That he won’t allow, he won’t risk the slightest chance of seeing himself hurting Steve ever again. It would rip his heart to pieces.
A small grin spreads on Steve’s lips, and he grinds his ass temptingly against Tony’s unmoving hips, making Tony’s fingers press hard into his waist.
But Steve forces himself to take another look. He can’t go out there and present himself to Tony while feeling like he’ll die of embarrassment. Confidence is sexy, he reminds himself.
Tony’s breath hitched a little as Steve pressed the tip of his finger past the rim, and he could feel a slight mental resistance in Tony through their bond. It couldn’t be helped; most alphas found it hard to entirely convince themselves to relax while receiving, as being in control came to them naturally – even when it was what they themselves wanted.
”More?” Tony stops to ask, and Steve couldn’t explain what is it that makes him nod in affirmation. But no one's asking him to explain.
Steve frees Peter and takes Kieran to sleep next to his brother before they start to eat. Tony and Peter talk about possible upgrades for Peter’s suit and Steve doesn’t meddle much besides a couple of questions that pop into his mind when Peter tells them about a recent confrontation with a man who’d been able to jam some of the suit’s features. It’s apparently the reason Tony has asked him to come over, but Steve knows that it isn’t the sole reason. Tony likes Peter, and Steve is finding out that so does he.
Steve admits he hasn’t, so Nat brings him warm food. After he’s eaten and been assured that Emmett is fine, Nat takes the dishes and leaves him alone with Thor. The god opens a beer for himself, settles to the other side of the bed and puts the TV on.
”Okay”, the therapist says. ”I’m still interested in hearing about your week, Tony.” She looks at Steve. ”Steve, even if it feels difficult, try to let Tony speak.”
Tony gives his exposed neck a few kisses, so light and teasing it makes Steve grind his hips backwards against Tony.
Tony woke up to the sensation of a tongue licking the underside of his ear. At first, he stirred, craning his head sleepily to get away from the wet disturber, before he was hit by the heady scent of heat and slowly remembered what was going on.
a big, empty bottle of liquor on the floor, accompanied by another that’s also almost halfway done. He doesn’t even remember opening the second one.
”No, but he went into the goddamn space”, Steve grumbles. It’s impossible to stay polite in his state. He needs to be left alone as soon as possible, the doctor’s worried eyes on him only making him irritated. He’s not in denial; he
I've counted on readers remembering Endgame pretty well here, so I'm sorry if for anyone things feel rushed or confusing. I just really didn't want to rehearse the whole movie to you because that in my opinion would be boring as hell for you and me both. Let me know how I did!
And that’s what makes Tony fall to his knees, Steve sensing his distress and trying to calm himself in order to make Tony feel better, to make the bond calm. He shouldn’t be doing that. Not alone.
Tony runs a hand across his face, sighs, and leaves the room. Steve notices Bucky giving him a look of some sort of worried disapproval but chooses to ignore it, and so they sit in silence until Tony returns, Kieran strapped into a carrier and Emmett in a basket. Even though Steve and Tony have combined their efforts to make the situation as tense and uncomfortable as possible, a smile spreads on Bucky’s face. Steve loves his friend in that moment.
Tony’s words were punched out of the way by a gasping moan as a tight, familiar heat wrapped around his cock in one swift motion. Steve whimpered and shivered in his lap, looking ecstatic with his efforts.
”A year ago, I told you that there’s no other way to live for me than this, a life with you”, Tony continues, his voice turning harder. ”I said that we’d fix us or die trying. And since that I’ve been trying, every fucking day I’ve been trying, and you still didn’t trust me enough to talk to me. I’m here, Steve, I’ve been here all the time, taking care of the children you apparently didn’t even want, trying to understand why I’m doing it alone while you take your shit out on me, every day just patiently giving my everything to keep this show on the road. What do I have to do to get you trying, Steve? What do I fucking have to do?!”
Tony opens his mouth, but is stopped by the sound of a door opening. The therapist stands at the door, smiling like she hasn’t caught them at the promise of an argument.
”Rhodey? Why?” Steve questions, a hint of a threat underneath his voice. He has nothing against Rhodey, but he doesn’t trust Emmett out of his sight anymore. No one, not even Nat, has the right to take Emmett anywhere without his permission.
”Dum-E, no”, Tony had said without taking his eyes off the computer screen, but when the robot hadn’t listened to him, he had given it a stern look. ”Daddy said no, Dum-E.”
Tony’s silent besides his ragged breath. There’s not much space for him in Steve’s thoughts as he floats in his escape, but when he feels Tony suddenly slow down a bit, his panting getting throatier as a telltale sign that he’s about to come, Steve snaps out of his head. He listens to Tony finish, feeling a little disappointed that it’s already over.
“Ties open”, his voice commands, and the cuffs around Steve’s wrists click open, leaving him free to move. Or he would be, if it wouldn’t be under Tony’s jurisdiction in any case, ties or not.
”I believe you.” Steve runs his fingers through his hair. ”Listen, don’t talk to him about the heat and what happened. I’ll tell him when… I’ll tell him.”
”I’ve been lying in bed for two months”, he said. ”I’ve done physiotherapy and been on all of these goddamn meds for a small eternity and I still can’t even stay up for a whole day.” He made an unhappy laugh at his own words. ”And now my dick has resigned from even
”It’s made clear that touching you, even if you ask for it, is not allowed, so they better not or they’ll be looking at a rape charge”, Nat says, her voice grave.
For a moment Steve had thought that the monologue Tony had clearly only just started, had been cancelled, but when the silence had prevailed, Tony had opened his mouth again.
To put it simply, Tony was silently protesting. Steve had quite a good idea what it was about, but at first, he had thought that it was too silly a reason for Tony to keep it up for more than a few days. When that hadn’t turned out to be the case, he had tried to soothe things between them by being extra sweet to Tony, but it had helped only marginally. Now, Steve was beginning to feel stubborn himself, and it was obvious that what had started as Tony being mildly displeased with him was threatening to get escalated into an actual fight.
”Life isn’t perfect”, Steve answers, turning his back to Tony as he tries to find a position comfortable for his growing body. Tony is positively obsessed with the changes, and constantly jokes that they will make more right away come Steve’s next heat.
Having made sure that everything was comfortable, Tony could finally allow his rut to start taking over him. His hands took hold of Steve’s waist possessively, and he marveled at how narrow it looked and felt in contrast to Steve’s wide shoulders. Even though his days as Captain America had been all but finished for a couple of years now, Steve still looked every bit the part. Although that wasn’t what Tony saw when he looked at Steve; it hadn’t been his first thought even when they’d met 13 years ago.
”Tony”, Steve echoes, kissing his temple. Then he starts to kiss his way lower, to Tony’s ear and neck. Tony exposes his neck, letting his back fall towards the bed.
he would have understood. And yes, if it had been his choice, he’d preferred it to Steve endangering his health.
Catching his meaning, Steve choked on a little amused noise. ”I’m so sorry, honey. I didn’t mean to make you feel uncomfortable”, he said earnestly.
Can he? He knows he can’t, but the thought refuses to leave him, and usually when a thought persists like this, it means that Tony’s overlooked something. That there’s something he hasn’t considered, something critical that he’s missing. But this time, his rationale tells him, it’s just the grief refusing to let go.
”Yes, you like daddy pounding into you while he takes work calls”, Tony distracted him with a straight face.
”Fuck”, he mutters, reaching to draw a finger over the laces across Steve’s back. Steve shivers, and Tony notices it, making a little questioning sound at him. Then he yanks the corset hard enough for Steve to lose his balance a bit, to make his back press against Tony’s chest. Tony brings a hand around him, breathes onto his neck.
remember as he waddles towards the door of the workshop, trying to think, is Steve leaning against the door and probably looking at him disappointedly. He can’t remember exactly, but Steve had come home and found him drunk, of that much Tony’s sure of.
The therapist knows exactly what happened on Friday, because Steve told her on the phone. Steve realises that she’s not probably allowed to reveal it to Tony that he’s contacted her.
”No need to thank me. The blanket and the pillow on the other side haven’t really been used if those are fine with you.”
The hazy, starstruck smile Steve is unaware of carrying vanishes from his face as Emmett bangs his fork to the table.
Bucky’s brow furrows, and Steve turns his eyes away from his concerned expression. He asks Bucky about Wakanda to change the subject, and they talk about that and other things not involving Steve and what’s wrong with him for a while until Tony shows up to check on them. He walks into the room exactly like an alpha having a threat under his roof would, unable to mask his reservations.
Tony laughed, relaxed and feeling much better than he’d had an hour ago. Still exhausted, though. As he rubbed his face tiredly, Steve huddled close enough to press his nose against his neck. They were silent for a long time until Steve’s stomach growled loudly.
Tony studies his face, trying to think of what to say. It’s not like it’s exactly an easy situation for him either, but he has to find courage for the both of them now.
But his mind is another matter. They return back home from the hospital – about which they had originally gotten into a fight over, until Steve had finally given in to Tony’s demand that it had to be a private, ridiculously expensive one – the day following the night of the twins’ birth. Everything seems to be fine at first, but Steve doesn’t feel right from the moment he steps out of the car and carries the babies to their home for the first time with Tony.
”Are you?” Tony shoots him back, staring him down, and Steve isn’t prepared for how awful it makes him feel. He feels hurt, even if he’s the one who’s stirring shit up. Losing his will to fight, he resigns to staring at the floor, shame prickling his eyes. Getting talked back like that by his alpha while Bucky sits right next to him is humiliating. He doesn’t, of course, think about how humiliating it must be for Tony to have his omega taunt him in front of an another alpha.
Steve doesn’t answer. He reaches down, taking Tony’s cock into his hand again and starts to stroke it slowly, studying Tony’s expression. It dissolves from slightly self-conscious to unrestrained, his brows knitting from pleasure. Steve could watch him for hours, like this. He can feel a slight swell at the base of Tony’s cock already and they aren’t even fucking yet.
Their roles seem to change so easily it’s scary. Tony’s not sure if he enjoys being on this side very much, but he soldiers through, giving Steve a sad but comforted smile.
There’s nothing that can be said, no words will ever fix this. Steve holds Tony carefully, feeling his pain, their pain, as Tony’s chest heaves against him. He feels guilty about the slight feeling of comfort from not having to bear this loss by himself anymore. He’s just been so alone.
Steve supposes that he is meant to see it in the mirror, but he doesn’t. All he sees is his reddened, tear-stained face, and if it makes him feel anything it is shame. There’s no reason to feel that either, though, and deep inside he knows it.
Just like before, he gets to it without ceremony, pushing the toy inside of himself easily. Humming, he shuts his eyes, thinking of Tony.
Tony groaned, failing to count the drinks he’d had last night. After the sweet strawberry thing the memories were kind of foggy (non-existent), and there was no telling what had gone down his system after that. From the way he was feeling now, he suspected anything between rat poison and cyanide.
”I have never lied to you, by the way, about whatever I’ve used as my excuse for not staying, they’ve been real things. But I
It takes only a few days for Steve’s body to fully heal from giving birth, which seems to astonish everyone else but him. He’s not back to how he was before pregnancy yet – that will require a bit more time and training – but at a quick glance you could never guess that he’s just delivered twins. His body is ready for what Steve knows he should do, which is to get back in shape and prepare for eventually returning back to the field. While taking care of the twins, of course.
Tony’s joking, but it’s funny how there could actually be a hint of truth in his words considering what Steve has discovered about Peter today, if stereotypes of teenage alphas were taken into account. He’s not gonna bring it up, but Tony’s apparently thinking along the same lines, because the next he muses: ”Wonder how he’s gonna be”, like he’s read Steve’s thoughts.
”Tony, I trust you with my life. I trust you with our children’s lives. I just have this stubborn fear of you leaving me. I have nightmares about it, all the time. I even get jealous, as ashamed as I am to admit it. And I catch myself testing you – sometimes it’s like I’m challenging you to do it and I can’t seem to stop myself. I keep telling myself that I cannot hold onto anything as good as you forever. It’s a fault in me, not you.”
Tony stroked his hair, moving his cock ever so slightly in and out of Steve to keep him satisfied as he spoke.
Steve goes silent, making Tony regret his harsh tone. They haven’t really talked about Kieran much, but the loss shadows every breath they take, every emotion channeled through their bond is accompanied by their shared sorrow.
When he’s come down, Tony reaches down and experimentally tries to pull away a bit. Steve groans in pain.
Steve sounded like he was in fucking love, and for reasons unknown to man, Tony had to see for himself. He forced his eyes open to see Steve’s hand working between his legs, his mouth parted in an expression best described as fascination. A normal human would have grown tired of the pace Steve was keeping very quickly, but Steve hardly seemed to be thinking of it, his eyes concentrated on Tony’s cock.
”Steve…” he says painfully, just praying that Steve won’t hurt him anymore with his words. He won’t be able to take it.
When Steve actually lifts the thing he doesn’t have the time to think about that either because he needs to save Thor. But as the Mjölnir then returns to his hand obediently, Steve allows the rush of power flow through him and makes it his goal to let Thanos be the first one to know that the rules have changed for him.
Tony rubs his temples. ”Fine. I guess I can understand that. I just feel useless. I should’ve been with you”, he mutters, adding before Steve can answer: ”It’s not ’nothing’.”
”You’re not the only one who is in pain!” Tony stops him angrily. Steve goes quiet, and Tony tries to calm himself down. ”Please”, he says after a while. ”Just stop.”
Months go by. Tony’s projects lie around everywhere, untouched, buried under unopened mail, empty liquor bottles, opened blister packs of pills and other shit his life has turned into.
Steve can’t tell if he’s serious. Tony’s never used those words to describe his scent. It’s not that he actually wants for Thor to care about his scent, he just wants to know.
Steve’s mouth found its way to Tony’s neck, and he nibbled it softly as he brought his arm behind Tony’s knee and held him spread under him, securing the entire weight of his own upper body onto one arm effortlessly. Tony groaned ecstatically as Steve began to thrust into him in earnest.
Tony hums in confirmation, then lifts his finger up to signal for Steve to hold whatever he’s going to say as he fights off a new wave of nausea.
Tony is… well. He’s probably the one that should be doing yoga, considering how he seems unable to focus on anything else than the twins’ arrival. One night, Steve wakes up to his alpha suddenly jumping up, muttering something about childproof windows and vanishing from the room with that. He listens to Tony rattle downstairs for fifteen minutes before going after him and telling him to come back to bed. It gets a little tiring at times, but all in all it’s quite endearing.
”Perhaps. But not like I have needed you. No one else in this country probably even has the funds needed to feed me.”
”I imagined your voice in my head and I…”, he trails off, looking fragile, and Tony sighs, the sadness catching up to him. It’s better that Steve says these things out loud if they haunt him, instead of holding it all in, but it frustrates and hurts Tony to remember again how he couldn’t be there, couldn’t protect his omega.
Steve whimpers, his torso slumping to the mattress. Tony kisses his hole, his beard rubbing against his perineum, and Steve can’t, he cannot do it, but somehow he forces himself to. He forces himself to keep himself relaxed, open and inviting as Tony swirls his tongue around his rim. Steve’s cock juts in frustration; it feels too good and his body needs to respond, needs to suck back at the teasing tongue.
Steve rolls his eyes as he turns to go but doesn’t manage to suppress his snigger as he hears Tony start talking to Kieran in a Batman-like voice.
”They got Strange. Listen, honey, I need to ask you a favour. Find Vision and destroy the mind stone.”
For a few seconds Tony looked like his brain had tilted. Steve was fully aware that he had never called Tony daddy like that, so unashamed and clear-headed. Not as a joke or an incoherent, lust-driven plea.
For some reason, her question pushes tears into Steve’s eyes. They are all so broken, so small and helpless after what has happened. It’s unfair.
Eventually, Steve swallowed and started cleaning the mess carefully with his tongue. Tony brushed some of it off from under Steve’s nose with his thumb, offering the thumb to Steve for clean up too. When the worst of it was gone, Tony tucked himself back into his boxers and knelt down.
”I’m quickly realising that we should always do this like this”, Tony says, and Steve’s eyes wander onto him for just long enough to see his lips curving devilishly. ”
There’s that thrill again, yet Steve doesn’t know if he can do it. He’s mentally aroused, but he’s not sure if his body is on board with this as easily. He tries to think of something, but all of the thoughts just get him further from the present, disturb him. Soon, he finds himself starting to feel uneasy.
It’s Bucky’s turn to solve his throat. ”Cute lil’ fellows. Thanks for letting me meet them. I think I’ll go now.” He turns to Steve. ”It was good to see you, Steve. I’ll call you. Take it easy.”
He could bet all of his earthly possessions that Steve was watching, though. Well, at least he wasn’t too dehydrated from yesterday, an obnoxious voice from the back of Tony’s mind said.
“Good”, Tony murmurs, steadying his hand and admiring the lines of the red marks his hand has left on Steve’s bottom. Tony’s voice is pure sugar to Steve’s ears and he wants to push up against his hand so bad, but he settles on simply looking at Tony from behind his half-lidded eyes. Tony catches his eyes and lets go of the corset he’s still been holding tightly, petting his hair instead.
Two… three glasses of champagne. That stout Bruce had brought especially for him. At least four glasses of red wine. More than a little whiskey. Shots of something with strawberry and a nearly lethal ethanol concentration.
In the bedroom, he pushes Steve on the bed onto his stomach, not violently but not gently either. Steve’s head is buzzing, the thrill making him feel alive for the first time in a month. This is exactly what he needs – he doesn’t want love or soft touches, he just wants something else than the limbo of numbness and anxiety for a second.
”Yeah, I’m free. Passed the tests”, he answers nonchalantly. He does look better, Steve thinks. It will take time to gain the weight back, but the colour is back to his face, his eyes looking sharp again.
Tony doesn’t sleep with him. He doesn’t spend the nights, and Steve has no idea why. Sure, Tony always has some explanation, like an early meeting or a flight; anything ranging from a night time call to Europe to having to work late on something with a deadline. At first, Steve ignores it the best he can, hoping that they really just have bad luck and that nothing else is going on, but when it comes apparent that there’s always an excuse, he grows worried. No matter what it is, he wishes Tony would just talk to him.
“Oh my God, my eyes,” someone said as they separated to see the entire team along with Rhodey standing there staring at them. Thor, who was wearing a Santa suit complete with fake white beard, wolf whistled and Steve blushed adorably.
“First of all I’m insulted that you think Fury would even find out. You know I have better skills than that. You and I are on a private line anyway so don't worry about it. Just - are you okay?”
Jesus. Steve loved this man so much, he could burst with it. Sometimes it felt like he couldn’t contain all the love he had for Tony. Who wouldn’t love him less if he lost the serum. Who cared more about Steve than Captain America. Who wanted to
Steve talked till his voice was hoarse. Memories of childhood and Christmas and ones with the Howling Commandos. It was as though the dam had burst and he couldn't stop.
“Steve please don’t tell me you’re running into a building that could collapse any time. Just hold on for 5 more minutes okay? I’m almost there.” Tony said, his voice pleading.
The fight. With everything that had happened since, he’d almost forgotten about the fight. Shit he’d missed their whole anniversary. There were a lot of things that Steve regretted missing over the years. But this one stung.
“You know, I always thought dad was exaggerating when he told me stories about you. Nobody could be that perfect. But you really are all the things he said you were. And you’re not perfect, but you’re human and that’s what makes me admire you even more Steve. You’re allowed to have bad days Steve. We’d just rather you didn’t spend them alone.”
“Are you going to make me ask you increasingly dumb questions until you tell me what’s actually wrong?” Tony asked, his eyes glowing in the dim glow of the arc reactor.
He was brought out of his musings by the Shield communicator on his wrists beeping shrilly. ‘Rooftop. Extraction in 5’ he read. Clint and Natasha were both off in some corners of the world on undercover SHIELD missions so he was going to be the only one suiting up today.
“I know Steve, but I think we’re going to be okay, I just got a second job so that should help with the bills. I don’t need the money but … can I please have a hug?” she asked as she stood up and stepped into Steve’s waiting arms. Steve rubbed her back as she melted into his arms and they all pretended not to hear the sniffling.
“So then what did you mean Steve? That I’m an irresponsible person who doesn’t know how to spend his money? That I don’t actually deserve all this money I have? What did you mean exactly? Why don’t you share with the class Steve?” Tony added viciously. He was using that tone he used only when he was really hurt but was pretending to be angry instead. Alarm bells were ringing in Steve’s head. He knew he should say something. He needed to explain that that wasn’t what he had meant at all. But he couldn’t entirely tell Tony what he had meant. Because he didn’t really understand it himself.
“Wait, what?” Tony had asked. He had looked shocked. Like he couldn’t believe Steve would ask such a question. Steve felt like he had been punched in the gut.
“Well, what can I say, Steve has a way of sneakily getting people to do what he wants by flashing those sad eyes of his,” Tony replied.
“Hey, I noticed you have an Iron Man poster on the wall outside. When we get out of here I can introduce you to him. I’m sure he’ll sign that poster for you. If you ask very nicely he may even give you a ride. You just need to be brave for a little while longer, okay?” he said.
Tony Stark had a problem. Well, maybe it's not so much a problem as a minor inconvenience. A small deviation from the expected reality. It’s miniscule really, or as miniscule as it could get when it involves a 6ft 2 supersoldier. The thing is: Tony has a problem with Steve Rogers. More specifically Tony Stark has a teeny-tiny crush on Steve Rogers. Honestly, it’s fine. There’s nothing to freak out about. This was  Steve Rogers for God’s sake. It was  a perfectly acceptable and normal reaction. It would be abnormal to not have a crush on him right?
Steve nodded to himself like had come to some sort of decision as he moved to stand in front of Tony. “I love you, Tony” and Tony couldn’t help but let out a snort in disbelief.
“Because I know you. And I know anniversaries mean a lot to you. So there’s no way you didn’t get me anything. So spill.” Tony said.
Not that Tony loved him. He just liked him slightly more than the average teammate. Just a teeny-tiny bit. Barely even worth mentioning.
“That’s because you literally just stay glued next to the chocolate fountain the whole time,” Bruce pointed out as Thor shrugged, unapologetic.
It wasn’t like before when it was Ma and then later just Bucky (even thinking his name hurt, it always would)who cared about Steve Rogers and whether he lived or not. He had a whole team now. And Tony. The one who had given him a home and a family.
‘I know you hate being in the hospital babe. I can imagine it brings up a lot of bad memories for you. Maybe I can get somebody to paint the walls in this room. Just brighten things up a little in here. Red and gold maybe?” he winked.
“I’m fine,” he said and Tony let out a disbelieving scoff. “No, really. It was just a long day. Let’s just go to sleep. I’m sure I’ll feel better in the morning,” he continued, almost pleading. He didn’t know why he was being like this. A part of him was screaming at him to just tell Tony. He knew Tony would understand, but a small part of him was still embarrassed about what had happened and didn't want to talk about it. Preferably ever.
“Look, it's not a big deal. It’ll be fine. It’s not like I’m planning to do something about it. It’ll just fade away on its own. And then we can go back to being whatever the heck we are.”
“Just walked around our old neighbourhood. I’ve been going there a lot these past couple of weeks ...Saw the spot where our old apartment building used to be,” Steve continued. “I think it just keeps pulling me back because of how it makes me feel.”
“First of all don’t say bad things about my gift. You made it for me and it's mine now. And I won’t accept anyone talking it down. I have all the money in the world Steve and you gave me something money can’t buy.
“Tony, anybody with eyes could see how gone you are on Steve. Steve is the only person on the planet who could be surprised by this information. But why didn’t you actually say anything?” Natasha asked.
“Well I guess it’s about time,” Natasha said. “I had my money on Tony not getting his head out of his ass till New Years at the earliest but I didn’t realise the hospital visit would speed things up quite a bit.”
“I went to Brooklyn today,” Steve said after a while and Tony was so relieved to hear his voice. He hums in acknowledgement. For all his hyper verbal tendencies, he knew not to interrupt when Steve had something to get off his chest. One wrong word and Steve would clam up.
“Did you just buy the entire children’s section at the mall?” Tony asked hefting about a dozen gift bags in both arms as they made their way inside the hospital.
“In my defence” Steve started, “well, on second thoughts, you’re right, I have no defence” he laughed.
Steve didn’t know what to say. He felt overwhelmed with emotion. He knew in an abstract way that they cared about him, as a leader and a friend, but knowing they were here was a different feeling altogether. Family, she’d called them. And Steve knew in his heart that it was the truth. The team were his family. A family he’d never thought he’d have after waking up from the ice.
“Okay, I’m not going to force you to talk. Just know I’m here when you’re ready, okay?” Tony affirmed and Steve nodded. “Goodnight Steve,” Tony said and pecked Steve softly on the lips, closing his eyes and pulling the covers tightly over both of them.
A gaggle of Shield agents and law enforcement had gathered around them by then. He suspected Tony had heard what was happening and alerted everyone over the comms.
Steve woke up to the smell of antiseptic. It felt like his entire body had been run over by a truck. Every muscle of his body ached. Oh god. He needed to wake up. Why wouldn’t his eyes open? Ma and Bucky would be so worried. They couldn’t afford for him to spend any more time in the hospital. He needed to open his eyes. He could hear a shrill beeping sound somewhere next to him. He was finally able to open his eyes enough to see a room with white walls and machines hooked up all around him. And with that came the realisation that he was in the future. No, the present. He hadn’t thought of it as the future in a very long time.
“As far as the thing with money - I just wanted to spoil you baby. Because you deserve to be spoiled and cared for and loved. But I understand where you’re coming from now. We can set a budget for gifts if you want. It will physically pain me to stick to a budget, but I’d do it for you.
“Uh huh. So how many times have you designed and redesigned my suit in the past two days?” Steve asked with a small smile.
“I know mom I’m looking”, Nick replied. “Of course I meet Tony Stark the day I refuse a sponge bath,” he muttered as Tony snorted in amusement.
Steve’s face broke out into the biggest grin, his face lighting up with joy. But Tony couldn’t help but feel a little niggling doubt. “But why?” he asked.
“Of course I was. This can be a scary place. And you’ve been very brave for a very long time. You just need to hold on and be brave for a little while longer okay? We’re almost at the end of the mission bud, extraction is just around the corner. Will you do that for me? I’m counting on you buddy,” Steve said.
“He fell asleep before he could open his gift,” Tony pointed out. He carefully removed the gift from Nick’s hands without disturbing him.
“I was about to mention it when you gave me your gift. And then when I saw what it was, well mine just seemed so pale and cheap in comparison. I should have gotten over myself and got you something nice. Something classy.” Steve said.
“Mooooom stop,” Nick groaned, hiding his face in his hands. “This is Tony Stark. He doesn’t want to hear about the stupid robotics competition.”
“I know you will. Maybe you could practice your Mario Kart skills while you’re here. If I remember correctly I beat you 3-0 last time didn’t I?” Steve teased as they began to argue back and forth about who had won and whether it counted as winning when one party apparently seemed to have a loose understanding of the sportsman spirit.
Nick’s eyes were glued to the screen, fascinated by the bots and Steve nudged him to eat a little more as Tony introduced him to the bots and regaled him with stories of their various mishaps in the workshop.
He took a couple deep breaths and he centred himself as he collected his shield. He had a job to do. That was the one thing he knew he was good at. He needed to focus on that.
“Because, well because I’m in love with you” Tony exclaimed. And as much as Tony would like to pretend that that had come from nowhere, he knew deep down that it was true. He was in love with Steve. He had been in love with Steve. Kind, funny, brave Steve who made Tony want to be the best version of himself.  And who apparently was in love with Tony. Huh.
“I get it Tony. That’s exactly how I feel when you get hurt. Or when you put yourself in danger doing something reckless,” Steve said.
He smiled to himself as he snuck up behind Tony to wrap his arms around Tony’s waist and whisper a quiet good morning in his ear.
“A lot better. Most of my injuries seem to have healed,” he replied gesturing to his body, where most of the cuts and bruises had faded. “I’m pretty sure I could walk out of here tonight” he said, although his words were contradicted by a slight wince of pain as he tried to move his legs more. He shot them an annoyed look for the betrayal.
“Well lucky for you, I’m not asking for permission.” Steve said as he jumped over the yellow barricade tape.
He had kissed Tony on the forehead and got out of bed to get ready for his customary early morning run. It had started out as a reason for pushing himself out of bed in the morning, instead of lying in bed staring at the ceiling while trying not to think. The idea of having a semblance of routine in a chaotic new world had appealed to him. But over time, he had slowly fallen in love with it. There was something mesmerising about seeing the usually noisy city rouse itself sleepily to begin a new day.
“Good. I’m glad you’ve seen the light. Now get some sleep. I can see you struggling to keep your eyes open,” he said.
a big deal Tony. At least to me it is. How could you even spend so much on something like this?” He knew the moment he said it that it was the wrong thing to say.
It took a few minutes until Steve’s racing heart calmed down and he was able to breathe comfortably again. He opened his eyes to see Tony looking at him with a worried expression on his face which changed into a relieved smile when he saw Steve looking.
“Okay when you put it like that it sounds bad. But I just assumed he knew. We were spending so much time together, just the two of us. I fell asleep on your shoulder Steve. Did you think I can just do that with anyone?” Tony asked.
“Oh Steve, I’m so glad you’re here today. Nick was told today that he won’t be discharged in time for Christmas and let’s just say his temper has been contagious.”
“You’re really bad at lying babe. So what aren’t you telling me?” Tony asked, his eyebrow quirking up.
“Tony,” Steve chided softly and that was all the warning he got before Steve’s mouth was on his. Tony had kissed many people in his life but with Steve it felt like his whole body was lighting up from the inside. Like all his nerve endings were spiking while a warmth spread through his body from head to toe.
“That is true.” Steve had said. “You know I don’t think it really counts as a date when the other party doesn’t know it is one. So maybe we should do something about that. Want to go out with me today?” Steve had asked, feeling almost giddy with happiness and excitement.
It hurts me to know that you were going through all of this alone. But you’re not alone anymore Steve. You have the team and you have me. I will always try to help you. And if I can’t or if you don’t want my help, then I’ll always listen. You can always tell me what’s on your mind baby. This relationship is a no-judgement zone.” Tony added.
Tony immediately picked up the glass of water at Steve’s bedside and elevated the bed slightly with the push of a button so Steve could have a drink. The water brought some much needed coolness to Steve’s parched throat and he felt marginally better.
“Well this one is going to be taller than you apparently,” Tony informed him. “Hopefully you’ll like the design better than you liked our tower. What did you call it? The big ugly building in New York huh?,” Tony teased.
“Tony, if you stop whining, I’ll buy you a milkshake from your favourite place down the street from here after this.”
“Yeah, let’s just meet back here in 15,” Natasha decided as they all traipsed towards the elevator to go back to their own floors. Well everyone except Steve who was looking at Tony with an inscrutable expression on his face.
“Ugh, fine” he complained but he took the plate from Rhonda and Tony connected to the video feed of the workshop where the bots seemed to be playing a game of tag as they zoomed around.
Just as Steve was about to enter an almighty crash echoed as the top floor of the building collapsed and the whole structure started swaying dangerously. Screams echoed from all around him as people started running in the opposite direction as he darted towards the building.
“I know I’m not great at talking about how I feel but Tony, you’re the best thing that has ever happened to me. You know how people view Captain American as someone who always knows what to do ?” Steve asked.
“I only accept penance in the form of kisses you know,” Tony said, pouring out the coffee into his favourite mug. It had a picture of Hulk and Iron Man with their arms around each other with the caption ‘Super Smash Bros’. Tony found it endlessly amusing.
“You wound me J. Anyway can you ask him if he wants me to bring the suit? Kids love Iron Man so maybe that’s why he wants me tagging along on his Santa mission.”
Pocketing his phone, he lingered unnoticed in the doorway of the brightly coloured room to see a blonde haired boy who looked to be about 13, lying on the hospital bed and hooked up to various monitors. He looked like he was half asleep though he made a valiant effort to sit up the moment he saw Steve. A woman who looked so much like him and was most likely his mother sat next to his bed with a plate of food in hand, apparently in the middle of coaxing him to eat.
“How’re we doing today?” Steve asked, nodding towards the kid who despite probably being a teenager looked so tiny in the hospital bed.
“Well I didn’t think we were officially exclusively dating or anything. But I was pretty sure we were going out on dates. Now I’m not sure what those even were. For God’s sake Steve we were cuddling on the couch every night! I got you a bouquet of roses the other day. What did you think was happening?” Tony had asked.
“Ok I’m going to be honest I’m so glad you pronounced that because I had no idea how to say it. But yes. Do you like it?” Tony asked.
“It takes time to look this good Katniss,” Tony quipped as he surveyed the room.  “I must say we all clean up quite nicely. Barton even looks like he could pass for a human being,” Tony teased as he looked around the room. Thor, Clint and Tony were wearing suits while Natasha looked stunning in a red and black dress. Bruce looked dapper in a white dress shirt although he looked like he was going to vibrate out of his skin with nerves. Stuffy gatherings with rich people showboating was probably his least favourite idea of an evening out. And honestly, despite all the flirting and glad handing that people thought came naturally to him, parties like these were definitely not Tony’s idea of a good time either. He’d rather just wear his greasy tank top and tinker on the new repulsor design with the bots. Or watch a classic movie with Steve - speaking of which, Tony’s heart skipped a beat as their eyes met. Dressed in a blue shirt that looked like it had been painted on, Steve looked gorgeous, the colour bringing out his eyes.
“Oh wow, are you really him?” the woman exclaimed. “Nick, look, it's Tony Stark,” she said, turning excitedly to the kid.
“Just a crush my ass,” he said as he shook Steve’s hand and one by one the rest of the team came over to congratulate them. Everybody had just been waiting for them to get their act together apparently.
“Hey buddy,” Steve said gently as he moved closer to the bed, gently patting the kid's hand. “I know exactly how you’re feeling. I spent the majority of my childhood in and out of hospitals just like you. I know how endless these stays can seem. It feels like you’re always going to end up back here sooner or later.  And I know it’s scary. All these machines and wires and all the crying kids. I used to be so scared when I’d be in the hospital alone when Ma had to go to work.”
“Oh God Tony you didn't see me today. It was just - it was bad. I felt like I couldn’t breathe. Like all the air had been sucked out of the world. It just felt so damn real. I can never go back to that cafe again. Captain America reduced to a gasping mess because of some stupid fireworks.”
“Ok but look Tony it has a robot on the front. It’ll look so cute. Please? Just for a couple of hours?” Steve wheedled as he widened his disconcertingly blue eyes pleadingly. And honestly how could anyone say no to that face?
“Shh, whatever it is, it's going to be fine, okay Steve? It's all going to be just fine,” he soothed as he rubbed Steve’s arms in order to stop the shivering. Steve knew that Tony knew the shivers were psychosomatic given the temperature controlled room, but the gesture still made warmth bloom in his heart.
“Uh huh. And do you like what you see?” Tony had asked, shimmying his hips in a ridiculously exaggerated manner.
“Oh my God Steve, what the hell are you doing?” Tony exclaimed as he ran up to Steve and held the punching bag away from Steve’s bare fist. Steve looked startled at seeing Tony next to him which was concerning for a man who had super hearing.
Tony began to sing, his husky voice tinged with sleep, and Steve found the stone in his stomach finally dissolving and leaving nothing but contentment in its place. Tony’s fingers lightly stroked his hair and Steve felt himself melt into the touch. As the final notes of Tony’s song echoed in his ears, Steve realised that his dread for tomorrow had been replaced with a feeling of excitement. He knew now that everything would be okay, as it always was when Tony was with him.
Steve gave her the patented Captain America reassuring smile and she visibly relaxed. “Hey, that's okay. I’m here now and I have just the cure for bad moods” he said as he nodded towards the bags.
He looked up at Steve as he finished bandaging his hand. Steve looked so young under the lights. But his eyes looked tired, like they had seen things well beyond their years.
“I just - I miss them” he said. “All of them. But especially Ma and Bucky. They both loved this time of the year so much. Ma would have loved the tree we have in the lobby. She loved those giant trees decked up with all the fancy ornaments. We never could afford one but we always went to see them, with me all bundled up in every single warm clothing I had. And Bucky he -” Steve’s voice cracked as he buried his face in his hands.
“As much as I hate to agree with anything coming out of Clint’’s mouth, I have to agree. Let’s just get this over with,” Natasha said as she slipped into her heels.
“Okay okay, you don’t need to list them all now. I get it, you think I’m the best thing in the 21st century,” said Tony, overwhelmed by Steve’s words and his sincerity.
“Ready to go?” Steve asked and Tony nodded with a warmth in his chest that he had a feeling had nothing to do with his new sweater.
Tony always said that there wasn’t enough money in the world that could make him wake up at the ass-crack of dawn. Except he always woke up to say goodbye to Steve if he had an early start for a SHIELD mission. Or maybe it's more the not sleeping than the waking up part that was involved there. Either way it was cute. It also served as a reminder that someone was waiting for him back home. He needed that reminder on the hard days. He shook his head to clear off those thoughts. No use dwelling on such things so early in the morning. Especially not today.
“You on the other hand have spent two days in the hospital doing a whole lot of not waking up,” Tony said as he glared at Steve in mock accusation. “You’d lost consciousness by the time we got to you and your head wound was bleeding profusely. Not to mention the blunt force trauma on the rest of your body. Pieces of concrete had actually pierced your suit Steve. You were bleeding everywhere. They had to put you into an induced coma yesterday to let your brain heal. The serum was working overtime trying to heal all the parts of your body,” Tony explained.
Steve could feel Ava shaking with terror and asked her to close her eyes as he reassured her that Iron Man was on his way.
On the worst nights, it was always the ice he dreamed about. The nightmare had started off with gunfire, screaming and blood, but that had still been less terrifying than the crash. This time, Tony had been with him on the plane as it went down. His breathing picked up as the images flashed before his eyes. He knew it was irrational and that Tony was probably sleeping soundly next to him but he was too scared to check because what if he wasn’t? What if he was missing or hurt or- the thought was just unbearable. Not looking was better. At least then there was the possibility that he was safe right next to him.
“What's the worst that could happen?” Tony exclaimed. “Well he could reject my lov- ahem, my affections and then I would have to change my name, grow out my goatee and live as a recluse on some remote island. There is literally a 0 percent chance of him returning any feeling I may or may not have. Trust me, I’m a genius. It's just not going to happen.”
“Baby,” Tony said, looking strangely as if he was trying not to cry. “Look at me for a minute,” he said as he gently tilted Steve’s chin towards him. “I want you to listen to me carefully, okay?” he asked and Steve nodded.
Tony looked up surprised. “Kids?” he asked, his voice rising. “Do we need to have a heart-to-heart about something else Steve?”
“Steve, you didn’t wake up for 2 days. What did you expect? We're a family. This is just a part of the deal. Maybe it's the first time you’re realising this deal goes both ways huh?” she added, observing Steve with her shrewd green eyes.
“Your knuckles are bruised and swelling up, why the hell would you punch this without wrapping them first? You know I reinforced these specially for you!” Tony said as he held Steve’s hand up to examine the damage.
“It's just on these nights I keep wondering. Why was I the one to survive and not him? Why was I the one who survived a plane crash and turned up in a different century? And sometimes I think it's a punishment. Being alive but with everyone I love dead. Being alive with the guilt that I couldn't save him. That I couldn’t do anything for my mom. People used to feel bad for her, you know. Poor Mrs Rogers, working her fingers to the bone because her sick son could only lay in bed for months on end, they’d say. The one thing I wanted growing up was for her to be proud of me. For me to be able to do something so that she could finally get some rest.”
“So did you get extra spicy noodles instead of the regular ones today?” Tony asked. Steve frowned, confused. “Did an old lady cross the street before you could offer to help her? Did you step in a puddle and get your socks wet”
He was stacking legos on top of each other and handing them to Sasha to put on the tower when he noticed movement in the corner of his eyes. Karl had come out of his hiding place and was now sitting half in front of the bookshelf, warily eyeing Tony to see how he would react. Tony’s heart ached as he pretended not to notice and kept on chatting with Sasha as their tower slowly started growing in height. The tower had just reached Sasha’s height sitting down when he felt a green Lego piece fall into his lap. He realised that Karl had crawled closer and was now sitting next to him although his body was still angled away from Tony. He felt like his heart had grown 3 sizes at the show of trust from this scared little boy. Not wanting to make a big deal out of it and cause him to retreat again, Tony quietly added the piece to their construction and patiently waited as Karl handed him more green coloured Legos.
“So you buying those brushes for me just triggered something in me. All I could think of was how much food I could buy with the 300 dollars you’d spent on every brush. And then I felt guilty for even thinking that way. Here you were, buying something nice for me while I was just-” he cut himself off. He felt drained and empty after all that. But strangely light too. Like a weight he hadn’t even known he was carrying had been lifted.
Steve smiled. “Tony we talked about not hacking SHIELD comms. You know how much Fury hates it,” he said. He could feel himself relax, his muscles unwinding as they slipped into the familiar banter.
Steve smiled to himself as he remembered that day. They’d gone out for dinner to a lovely Italian restaurant and Steve had had the time of his life. Things had just been easy since then. Until today.
“So when I woke up in the future that was something I found so hard to reconcile with. That I had no plan. My whole life I had something to live for. Someone to live for. But here I was all alone in a world that had long moved on. I felt like the world would prefer to remember me as a beloved hero than the bitter and lonely man I had become. But then you came into my life. And Tony you made me feel something. Even if it was extreme irritation at first,” he teased and Tony rolled his eyes.
“Like I said Steve, it’s all just a part of the deal,” Natasha said, her eyes softening. “You really scared him Steve,” she added after a slight pause. “He doesn’t know how to deal with problems without trying to solve them somehow.”
“Steve,” Tony began, his voice impossibly gentle. “That wasn’t an asthma attack baby. It was a panic attack,” Tony explained.
“What the hell is even in this? Did you just fill these with the heaviest thing you could find?” Tony groaned as they made their way over to the reception desk.
“Me and Karl,” she said, gesturing to a small boy, peeking out from behind the bookshelf in the corner. “Karl’s shy. And he doesn’t talk in front of adults.”
“So … Mandy huh,” teased Tony and Steve turned to look at him with a frown. “What?” Tony asked when he noticed Steve’s expression.
“Tony, I get taking it slow, but this was practically glacial. By your count we went on at least 6 dates and you didn’t even try to properly kiss me,” Steve had said with righteous indignation.
“Hey. Look there's no handbook for this. There's no magazine that gives you tips on top 10 things that you can say to your friend who woke up in a new century. I don't know why things happen the way they do and I can't decide for you if you think it's a punishment or not. But you’re allowed to feel however you want Steve and you can tell us about it. We may not always know the right thing to say or have all the answers but we will listen. We’re all here for you. I mean I know I’m not the best listener but -”
“-- Sir, I just wanted to inform you that Captain Rogers has entered the building. He is currently headed to the gym. Current parameters indicate a state of agitation. Do you want me to make a note in the file?” JARVIS announced as Tony frantically tried to mute him.
“Well I thought we were taking it slow. Not what you’d expect from me I know but I didn’t want to scare him away.” Tony had said. “This means a lot to me okay? I just wanted to do it right.”
Parts of the ceiling started to cave in , plaster raining down around them and chunks of concrete crashing around them. He didn't have time to think of a plan before a huge piece of debris landed on his legs pinning him down and he felt more and more debris falling on top of him with nowhere to go. The pain was indescribable but he clutched Ava as close as possible while taking care not to crush her under him.
“Aww Steve! That’s so cute. I’m going to wear it everywhere. Pepper will probably try to get me fired for wearing to a board meeting, but I don’t care. It’s my company anyway,” he proclaimed.
“What, you don’t believe me? I have a genius brain, a suit of armour and a Hulk. I mean even one of them is amazing, but all 3 together? That’s a lethal combination right there, Steven,” he said as he snuggled up to Steve.
“Bucky knocked some sense into me. After everything Ma had done to keep me alive, I owed it to her to survive. But there was so much anger in me. I was so angry at God for taking her away from me. I got into fights with bullies twice my size. Bucky had to come save my ass so many times. And then I got the serum. For a while I felt like I could finally be useful. I could finally do something to help. But then I woke up in this crazy new world 70 years into the future and I was lost again. The world was so overwhelming. SHIELD gave me all these years of backpay that I had earned from the military. They thought I’d go crazy spending it all quickly, like a kid in a candy shop, buying all these amazing things that the future had to offer. But I couldn’t bring myself to spend it on anything other than the bare essentials. I’d go to the store and be paralysed with indecision. There were these huge stores just selling art supplies Tony. Things I’d never even dreamed of. But whenever I went to buy something, a voice in the back of my head cautioned me against spending so much money on things that weren’t essential. That I could live without. Deep down I’m scared about what would happen if somebody could do something to the serum. Where would I be in this new world if I wasn’t Captain America? What use do I have?” Steve paused, swallowing hard. He couldn’t bear to look at Tony so he just stared at the wall in front of him.
“Says the man who lost an arm-wrestling match to a 6 year old with an arm the size of a twig,” Tony teased as Steve smiled bashfully.
The mission seemed like a standard in and out mission although Steve could acknowledge a certain amount of horror at having a hostage rescue mission be ‘standard’. However, the building was getting more and more structurally unsound by the minute with all the columns the guy had blown up. It was going to be a race against time to get the civilians out as soon as possible before the whole structure collapsed.
“That’s perfectly fine Steve. Please don’t apologise. I’ve been here waiting for you to wake up for two days straight. Figures you’d wake up in the one minute I left to visit the washroom,” Tony said, shaking his head fondly.
Steve closed his eyes as he waited, already knowing which song Tony would sing. It was an Italian lullaby Maria had sung for him when he was baby. No matter how much Tony pretended to hate singing, he always sang this song for Steve when he woke up from nightmares.
“Hey, you. I was wondering when you were coming up. Did you teach the punching bag a lesson?” Tony teased.
“Says the guy who cried his eyes out while watching Bambi because the deer had brown eyes!” Tony said, with mock offence.
“Honestly? At least six times. I was thinking - trauma plates. But better. I think nano materials would work well. Their strength to weight ratio is much better than other options, but I need my workshop to actually run the numbers. I can probably have a working prototype in a day. Or maybe -”
Nick started explaining how his kitchen helper bot worked, hesitantly at first and then gaining speed as Tony listened carefully and asked questions. It was heartwarming to see his face light up as he talked about his project. He was clearly a very smart kid.
Steve knows it's going to be a bad night. He’d tried burning off some energy on the punching bag in the gym, but even that hadn’t been enough to expel the growing dread he felt. As he unwrapped his hands, he felt the pit in his stomach growing heavier at the thought of going to bed upstairs. He knew he needed to go up soon or Tony would come looking for him. Jarvis had also not so subtly hinted at the fact that Tony was already in bed in their shared bedroom in the penthouse.
Tony looked up after a while, startled to see Steve standing next to them, a sleeping toddler held in his arms.
He quickly wiped the sweat off his face, had a sip of water and left the gym, requesting JARVIS to take the elevator to the penthouse. He contorted his face into a smile as the doors opened and made his way into their bedroom. Tony was lying in bed reading what looked like a quantum physics text book and his eyes lit up the moment he saw Steve. Steve was hit with such a rush of fondness that he temporarily forgot the ball of anxiety lodged in his stomach.
“Okay let’s fix that then,” Tony had said. And that’s how they had had their first kiss. With brilliant sunlight streaming in through the kitchen windows on an ordinary Sunday morning and the whole team watching on in poorly-disguised amusement. Steve wouldn’t have it any other way.
“Sir, Captain Rogers has enquired whether you would like to accompany him to his visit to the children’s hospital today.”
“He’s asleep in the hallway right now. Bruce was trying to corral him into going home with Tony but he was adamant about seeing you once before he left.” she said
“Happy anniversary Tony. I love you. But how is it that you’re a genius but you cannot seem to get the hang of wrapping paper?” Steve asked with amusement as he began to unwrap the gift.
“How are you always so warm?” Steve asked, looking at the gentle brown eyes looking at him with such gentleness and understanding.
“Wait a minute, what are you trying to say here Steve? I didn’t just throw away money on some random shit. I bought my boyfriend something I thought he would like as a gift. Apparently that isn’t allowed anymore. Jesus Christ if you don’t want it so much just give it away to somebody. I don’t give a damn,” Tony said.
“First of all, Steve, there’s literally nothing to be embarrassed about, not the panic attack or the nightmares. I wake you up at least once a fortnight with mine. And I know this is very pot-kettle, but Steve, nothing about this will make anyone feel less about you. All of us in this team have been through some fucked up shit. Hell, we could probably keep the therapists in business for years with just the issues we have between the six of us. Sure, maybe we’ll never truly know what you have been through, but we understand. Next time, please just tell me if something like this happens or if you’re feeling shitty for no reason. I can’t promise I can fix all the problems,but I’ll sure as hell try, and for the ones I can't, I’ll be there.”
Tony is still a little out of it, but he seems to sense the possessiveness Steve feels, because he takes Steve’s hand affirmatively, caressing the pulse point in his wrist tenderly. He inhales sharply as Steve keeps desperately clenching around his sensitive cock.
Steve avoids his gaze. ”No, I’m not”, he answers, sounding frustrated, and Tony at least appreciates his honesty.
from the need to breed despite the fact that it had been just hours since the last round. His eyes drifted briefly to where his cock was slipping in and out Steve, to all the slick glistening around Steve’s hole and inner thighs, to his own swollen base. With a loud growl, he slammed his hips against Steve forcefully.
”Oh my fucking god, Steve, okay, I get it already”, Tony stopped him, but he didn’t quite manage to mask how much Steve’s words had affected him.
”I understand if you feel like I haven’t trusted you again. But it really wasn’t like that. Maybe I made a mistake, but you had only just heard about Kieran, Tony. I couldn’t bear dropping it all on you at once. Besides, compared to that, it’s nothing.”
He considers bringing it up, but on second thought, he wants to hear how Tony will explain what happened.
It’s windy outside as Tony steps out to the backyard. Steve’s not exactly near the house, but he catches the sound of the door going despite the wind and glances at Tony approaching him, but keeps going with the rake until Tony reaches him.
Saying that, Tony realises how much he actually needs it himself. The sense that he’s doing something good for Steve, easing his grief and pain even for a second. The urge is so strong it feels primal, and it must be showing on his face because Steve’s expression turns softer.
”You’re so pretty, baby”, Tony told him, his voice beginning to grow breathy too. ”So good, clench that hole for daddy.”
Steve’s thoughts are stopped by Tony’s fingers lightly stroking his lower lip, and for once, Steve’s reflex isn’t to look at Tony. Instead, he looks into the mirror, watches how his mouth parts to suck Tony’s fingers inside in an openly filthy manner. It makes him feel weird, but at the same time, it’s mesmerizing. He wants to look, he realizes, a giddy feeling settling onto his stomach, and he doesn’t understand what Tony has unlocked in him, but suddenly he can’t tear his eyes away.
As usual, Steve was ready to go either way, his cock fully erect and slick dripping down his thighs as he stroked himself a few times. While he then lubed his cock his eyes studied Tony, making sure that this was a safe position considering Tony’s injury. Deeming the alpha comfortable-looking, he pushed Tony’s leg to the side a little, spreading him wider to make entering him easier.
Ignoring his act, Steve leaned down to close his arms around Tony, resting his chin on his shoulder. Tony made a frustrated noise at the distraction.
”Hi, Steve”, he says, and Steve can instantly tell that things are bad from his chipper tone. Tony always uses it when he doesn’t want Steve to worry about him while there’s something going on that Steve
Steve wondered if his own, not-that-secret itch to sometimes utter ”daddy” in bed to Tony had started from all of the times he’d heard Tony call himself that to his robots. It certainly hadn’t helped.
“Think you’re gonna come just from my cock?” Tony asks. He’s starting to sound rather breathless, too, his hips snapping more and more demandingly against Steve’s ass on every thrust and producing lewd, wet sounds in the process. Steve nods enthusiastically at his question, already knowing that there’s no doubt whether he’s going to come or not. He’s so close, each hit of Tony’s cock against his prostate already setting his nerves on fire, making his thoughts turn into complete mush.
And there’s no reasoning with that. Steve’s broken expression arrests Tony’s heart, and he knows he isn’t going to say no to him. Even if what he’s asking for might be unsafe, might hurt Steve in a way that Tony isn’t comfortable with. Steve would make him fetch the moon and stars if he’d ask him like that.
The empty feeling nowadays so familiar to him envelops Steve. It’s not really Tony he’s angry at, but himself.
Tony finds the blanket he’d used when he’d slept in the car from the backseat and settles it over them. They lie silently, surprisingly comfortable on their narrow car seat bed. When the knot starts to come down, Tony props himself up enough to check the time from the front panel.
And Steve, he just falls like his body has betrayed him. Tony takes a stiff step to catch him, but he’s not nearly fast enough and then there’s a weeping mess on his feet that is his omega. The bond is screeching at him again, and Tony grimaces.
”’Late in life’”, Tony had gone on, immersed in his own genius thought process, then added quickly like he’d just invented electricity:”’Late bloomer’! Damn, that was way too slow.”
”First of all; I’m not that great to sleep with. I’m a very erratic sleeper and I wake up like seventy times a night and sometimes I just can’t go back to sleep because there is something I absolutely have to do right away. I’ll go to bed at 1am and then wake up at 4am and start working on the tablet or just go straight to the shop. There are no frames to my sleeping habits; that’s just how I am. It’s a mess.”
The memory spiked a sting of affection in Steve’s chest. Tony had made it so unbelievably good for him, and Steve felt lucky to be able to think back to his first time and describe it as perfect with no exaggeration.
”No, you couldn’t”, Tony had chuckled. ”You’re Captain America, the traditional, masculine idol of the nation. Though, many wouldn’t believe what a –” He’d stopped, turning to stare at Steve over his shoulder as realisation slowly hit him. ”Wait – you’re serious?”
”I’m sorry, honey”, he says, conciliatory but not hiding it from his voice that his patience has been worn thin. Steve can’t blame him, but it’s still upsetting. Somehow he doesn’t know what to answer, even though it should be self-evident.
He squeezed his eyes shut, gasping for dear breath as Steve’s weight pressed him down, his own screams wasting what little air he had. Feeling dizzy, he hoped Steve’s pleasure would give away before his body would – an uncomfortable turn in his stomach reminded Tony of his hangover. He could’ve said something, that it was too much, except his cock was still hard and with a shout he came again, his body shaking violently. Thankfully, the squeezes of his walls pushed Steve over the edge this time too, and he came inside Tony with a soft grunt, hips jerking uncontrollably.
”Well, in any case”, he answered, reaching to slide his free hand down Tony’s back adoringly. ”You’re beautiful.”
”You were in a horrible situation”, he starts warily. ”And you chose loyalty to me over your own health. How could I blame you for that?”
Steve jolted, purring at the sensation, any coherent thought long since gone from his brain. Tony’s hand found his hair, and pulled it, not hard but firm enough for Steve’s chin to follow the pull back. He could feel Tony’s breath vibrate against his neck.
He lets Tony’s cock fill his mouth and sucks around it. Steve loves the feeling of Tony’s cock in his mouth, and he shows it by swirling his tongue around it fondly, by sucking it like he’s tasting his favourite thing in the world.
Really, he welcomes the thought of more human warmth in the bed. He’s got Emmett, of course, but Emmett’s not as much a comfort to him as he is a necessity, like an extension of Steve’s self. As crude as the comparison is, Steve might as well rip his own arm off and put it into a crib for the nights.
”So”, Steve continued, his lips travelling down Tony’s throat. ”I’d very much like to call you daddy right now, but if you’ve decided that you’re not comfortable with it anymore –”
”It’s okay”, Tony insists, and tries to walk, lurching forward uncontrollably. Steve sweeps him into a bridal carry, leaving Tony no choice but to hold onto him.
“That’s sweet, honey”, Tony tells him. “You’ve been – ah”, he pauses as Steve clenches tightly around him, a shaky groan rising from his throat – “you’ve been good, baby.” He runs his hands lovingly along Steve’s sides, his hands tender and the look on his face more than little possessive, and Steve’s body rocks back against him on its own, his toes curling as he feels himself getting closer and closer to the edge. His cock is leaking desperately to the floor and Steve’s mind goes blank as it catches his eye.
As Tony coaxes the tip of his tongue inside of him again, Steve is so far gone in his ecstasy accompanied deprivation that he wails.
”Don’t fall asleep, rockstar.” Steve poked the tip of Tony’s nose with a finger. ”Come on, let’s take a bath before the food arrives. I’ll wash you.”
If the heat would’ve happened two months ago, like it should’ve, Steve would’ve been home. With Tony, who would’ve taken care of the twins.
Tony pulls him onto his back by the shoulder. Steve doesn’t fight it, but he hides his face under his arm. He wants to disappear, but this is reality and he’s stuck in it. Tony settles down next to him.
He brings his arm over Steve, sliding it down to his stomach. Tony wouldn’t bet on it, but he thinks that Steve’s body has gotten slightly more soft lately. There’s not any excess, Tony’s fingers still able to find the firm lines of Steve’s abs easily. But even as he moves his hand up to Steve’s pecs, Tony thinks that he can feel the same hint of softness, and he wonders if it maybe has something to do with what’s been occupying Steve’s mind for the past months.
”Pleas –”, he whines, his voice muffling as Steve kisses him again. It’s a calmer kiss than the last one, slow and focused, meant to make Tony melt. Steve deems it a success when Tony shudders, and he catches Tony’s lower lip between his teeth, sucking and biting it softly.
“Per-“ he starts, faltering as Tony’s cock hits him particularly good, making him whimper. Tony gives his side an affectionate stroke in acknowledgement.
There’s no reply. Steve tries not to think about it, but it’s hard when he lies alone in the darkness, chasing sleep. Tony’s disappointed expression, his angry voice, keeps coming back to him, and a horrible guilt gnaws Steve’s insides.
There’s no forcing the thought away. He tries, but there’s a full alarm inside his head, and he can’t shake the image of Steve, afraid and alone, needing him, his omega, abandoned, how could Tony, how could he, he should go there, he should find him, he –
”Thanks for listening”, Steve answers, smiling sadly. ”Please don’t blame yourself. This is my own fault and my own mess.”
It’s almost too much when he remembers that there’s another, another one that’s secure in Tony’s arms right next to him. His eyes meet Tony’s, and what they share is unreal, the bond between them appearing so crystal clear and strong in this moment that it feels like its own entity. Tony’s spilling tears like it’s the end of the world – in some weird, massively positive way, of course – and Steve smiles at him, then follows his eyes to the other flawless being. His heart stops again for second, and he wonders how had he not known that there was something like this in the world, when it’s so obvious, so rich that everything else seems meaningless next to it. It’s like he has loved these two humans from the day he was born himself, or at least from the day he met Tony.
Steve makes a keen noise, his mouth vibrating around Tony’s cock, and Tony squeezes Steve’s fingers with his own, forcing himself not to buck his hips upwards. As Steve starts sucking him, taking his time popping his head up and down, the over-sensitiveness starts to slowly melt away. Tony’s mind fills with nothing but the sensation of Steve’s soft lips around him, his warm tongue against his cock. Before he knows, he’s emitting low moans from his throat, the knot of pleasure in his lower stomach tightening.
”That’s mine”, Steve pointed out,  not really caring at all. He slumped against Tony, burying his face into his neck.
Steve takes Emmett eagerly as Tony offers him, and holding him is just as perfect as with Kieran. Tony goes back to bed himself, sitting down to watch them. Once again, Steve doesn’t really notice him, holding Emmett in his arms being everything he’s concentrated on. He whispers Emmett things, about his hair turning lighter like his, about his perfect little nose being like Tony’s, all sorts of babble that only really makes sense to him as the words pour out. But eventually, Emmett too begins to seem sleepy, and Steve settles him to bed. Kieran’s already fallen asleep, his soft puffs of breath pulling at Steve’s heartstrings. He watches Emmett, holding his tiny hand lightly and continuing to coo at him quietly until Emmett’s eyes close too.
”I missed you”, he mutters against Tony’s lips. ”Bastard.” He doesn’t mean it at all. Well, maybe just a little, just enough that his tone makes Tony let out an unsteady hum.
Steve gathers himself obediently and does as told while Tony stands up, ridding himself of his jeans. Just hearing the click of his belt makes Steve’s mouth water, but he knows better than to beg.
Steve couldn’t help the affectionate smile that pushed onto his face. He walked to Tony and wrapped his hands around him from behind.
are perfect”, Steve tells him, leaning his forehead to Tony’s shoulder, slowing down a little. Tony moans as Steve bites his collarbone, and he means to be gentle, but gets so caught in it that when he lifts his face there’s a mark the colour of a plum on Tony’s skin.
Steve is so focused on it that he doesn’t even hear the missiles coming towards the building, although he should’ve. Not that it would’ve changed anything.
”You’re the best thing that’s ever happened to me, Tony. Even when it’s difficult, even when we fight, there’s no one I’d rather be fighting with.”
”Are you gonna blame me, or yourself?” Steve really doesn’t have the energy for this. He understands, he does, because he blames himself too. But this is not the way to deal with their loss.
”I already drew up a contract”, Nat says, and only now Steve notices the papers she’s brought with her. He takes them and goes them over.
Steve slipped his arm under Tony’s head and pulled him close carefully so that the alpha’s back was met with his chest.
”Bye then, bunny”, Steve whispers, kissing Emmett’s forehead. Emmett’s wide, brown eyes smile at him, his small fingers reaching to touch Steve’s nose. ”Be a good boy to Aunt Nat and Uncle Rhodey.”
Tony lifts a hand to caress the side of Steve’s face, tucking a strand of hair behind his ear, although it stubbornly falls out of place right away again.
”Of course”, he answers, relieved that they seem to be somehow managing to avoid a pointless argument, which Tony had honestly been expecting. ”Of course I would. Right now?”
Steve didn’t bother to joke about technically being almost one hundred years old – they’d both made that joke enough times already.
”How did –”, he’d started before deciding that that wasn’t how he wanted to phrase it. He had seen how it happened. ”Where was Kit when…” he’d tried again, but he hadn’t been able to make himself continue, to say the words aloud. An acidic feeling had settled into his stomach, and it hadn’t been the coffee.
When he wakes up again, he sees that he’s been brought to medical bay. Bruce is studying a tablet with a furrowed brow and Thor is slumped in an armchair in the corner.
Tony wanted to act humiliated, but it was just so incredibly hot that he couldn’t do anything but stare, his cock greedily begging for Steve’s attention. It didn’t help that Steve was making a show of it. But eventually, he lifted his head, looking at Tony.
That does resonate a little more. Tony wishes he could see Steve’s face, but he still has his back turned to him.
“You’ve earned it”, Tony tells him as he kneels behind him. His hands massage Steve’s sides and back, and from this angle Steve can see everything so well. He can see Tony’s hands moving on his skin firmly, see the skirt and the stockings, and all of the self-consciousness that came with them just isn’t there anymore, he couldn’t care less. He can see his own cock peaking from under the skirt, heavy and wet.
Still, it’s hard to step inside with only the three of them. Returning home without Kieran makes his death feel more real, permanent. Trying to suppress his sorrow, Steve sits down to go through the mail as Tony disappears to the workshop. At some point, he finds himself just staring, Emmett’s babbling distant in the background.
”Tell me you’re having an early morning and not a late night”, Steve insists gently, passing her question. It’s always nightmares, every time he closes his eyes. He guesses it’s the same for all of them. Every one of them has been thrown off their axis, turned into lost shells that wander around the compound at unpredictable hours or stay holed up in their own quarters for days until someone intervenes. Time has lost its meaning – they work when they can gather up the strength and sleep when the exhaustion overcomes the bottomless grief that keeps them awake.
”Then slick” – slap! – ”for” – slap! – ”me” – slap! Tony’s voice is growly, an alpha’s voice, and it shakes Steve’s core, his body submitting to it. He feels liquid run down his thigh and almost bursts into tears out of relief.
”What the fuck is wrong with you?! What is it?!” Tony cries at him, seeing nothing but all of his own failures as he looks at Steve. And then he sees that it’s even worse; he’s managed to make a cut on Steve’s cheek with the door. It’s bleeding. Great. He’s physically hurt his omega. He’s done that in battle before and he still thinks about it every single day. It doesn’t matter that it’s small, or that it will heal in a minute.
”Never mind”, Tony muttered, then continued, fully aware that Steve would never let it go. ”You’ve never been hangover, right?”
Mewling at the sensation of the knot swelling inside of him Steve strokes himself until all he can think about is
”So should you. Nightmares?” Nat asks. Steve looks at the clock on the nightstand, wondering if he’s made noise in his sleep. It’s almost four in the morning.
He feels like he beams as he begins to come down, his eyelids parting to reveal Tony giving him and his come-face an open-mouthed, satisfied smirk. Steve offers him back a grateful smile, not even conscious of how his body still insists on moving lightly against Tony’s finger.
”I’m so sorry for everything”, Steve continues, shivering for some reason. He just needs Tony right now, needs Tony to keep the darkness at bay. ”I love you so much.”
”Yeah…” Tony mutters, eyeing the room suspiciously. He wrinkles his nose. ”One condition, though. We’ll go to my quarters. This place smells like… well, I was gonna say like ’a panicked fart’ but I guess that’s not very funny.”
Steve tried to keep his breathing regular. The sensation of having Tony’s eyes roam all over him was exhilarating, and when he finally freed himself of his boxers, his cock slapped against his stomach, hard and ready.
”That’s today? Of fucking course it is”, Tony curses, then raises his voice to talk to Emmett. ”I’ll be there. Get your things ready”, he promises.
”JARVIS, my husband fucked me like his life depended on it and now he’s starving like a five-year-old who can’t take care of eating regularly.”
As Tony’s consciousness slowly begins to move back to reality, he registers Steve trembling slightly. Without really thinking, he pulls the covers tightly around them. Steve’s not trembling out of cold, of course, but it’s the only thing Tony can think of to do. He hums at Steve, a soothing, primal rumble. His spine jerks occasionally as his knot swells inside Steve, locking them together.
Steve dresses and hurries to the door with a hungry Kieran in his arms. The babysitter, Joanna or Jo as she is usually called, grins widely as she wishes him good morning, and Steve realises that he’s got a pacifier in his mouth.
“Very funny, honey”, he’d remarked as the door had shut behind him. Steve had followed his brisk footsteps to the kitchen with a slightly troubled expression on his face, but Tony had just smirked at him.
”With your permission, I will brief your friends on your situation”, the doctor finishes, getting up from his chair. Steve hardly manages to mumble something he thinks will pass as permission back to him.
”Thank you, sir”, he offers. He’s not sure if the gag-punishment is over, but he could be thanking for the use of his mouth, right? He just wants to say it, and it’s one of his remaining rights.
Later that night, Tony leaves the lab after the day and finds Steve already in their quarters – well, his quarters now dubbed theirs –, sitting on the bed in his thoughts. They’re almost finished with the gauntlet, and he tells Steve that. Steve nods, then sighs quietly as Tony sits beside him.
Tony’s healthy arm wrapped around Steve, his hand pulling him backwards by the hair so that he could press his lips to the omega’s.
But later that night, when he’s got the twins asleep, Steve heads down to the workshop to find Tony. Now that Steve’s doing his part with Kieran and Emmett again, Tony’s been able to start getting back to work.
It hurts so much to think about it, how much they’d wasted time fighting with each other, how much they’d still loved each other and somehow always found a way to make it work.
Steve jolts awake in the darkness. He’s naked, buried under the covers, and his skin is sticking to Tony’s, who’s pressed against him and just as naked as him. Hazily, Steve remembers falling asleep waiting for the knot to come down. It’s certainly gone now, leaving Steve uncomfortably wet between his legs as the fluids have begun to flow out of him in his sleep.
Steve’s phone rings the second he manages to shut himself in his office. He lowers his voice as he starts to talk.
Sure enough, halfway through Tony stops, coaxing his palm between the still tied part of the corset and Steve’s upper back.
Steve’s eyes widen at Thor’s words. His voice might be unsuggestive, but the words certainly put Steve on edge.
”Honey”, Tony says, his hand traveling to Steve’s neck and caressing it firmly. ”The only thing that matters is that you’re okay.”
Despite his grousing, the alpha wasn’t in the worst mood tonight, and Steve chuckled at his silly – yet surprisingly sharp considering the medication – jokes as he took care of the wound. He was just so grateful to have Tony home again.
No, that’s not right. His home is the little one sleeping against his chest. Steve’s fingers circle softly around Emmett’s tiny wrist; he can hear his heartbeat just fine, but he needs to feel it. He needs to be aware of it at all times, even on the rare occasions he’s able to fall asleep. Emmett sleeps next to him every night so that Steve can guard his sleep.
Tony stands there for a while, watching, then goes to fetch another bottle, offering it to Emmett. Steve, completely taken by Kieran, doesn’t register much of what’s happening around him, not even as Kieran stops eating. He lifts him up against his shoulder, patting his back lightly, and closes his eyes, inhaling Kieran’s scent.
”For example, there’s a thing like ’fashionably late’, which you and Mr. Hood here are unfamiliar with.”
”No”, he says. He hasn’t cooled down enough to answer anything more reassuring. Besides, even if it hadn’t been anything quite as dramatic as that, it definitely hadn’t been a good place. Steve knows that FRIDAY would have alerted Tony immediately if something happened to him or the twins, but it still makes him angry.
So, it’s nice to see him be a little selfish and indulge for a change, seemingly uncaring of whether their kids will be on time for their puppet show or not. Tony won’t let them be late, though, and in ten minutes he wills his knot down, pulling it out of Steve carefully.
”I don’t know.” Steve says indifferently. Then he remembers how Bucky had looked at the twins. ”Yeah, it was good. Thank you.”
”Fuck – that’s mine, you’re mine”, he slurred, hardly seeing from the intensity of the pleasure building inside of him. Even Steve’s noises were becoming distant, his scent more vivid in Tony’s head than anything else. He did sense it when Steve’s hand suddenly found his, pulling it from his waist and lacing their fingers.
”Tony”, he whispers brokenly. Hearing this, something gets stuck into Tony’s throat, and he breathes out through his nose heavily.
Looking at him, Tony felt like Steve was flawless. All muscle yet somehow so soft. His cheeks when he smiled – or moaned in bliss, his jawline under Tony’s lips when he brought his hot breath to it, his hair between Tony’s fingers when he stroked or pulled it; they were soft and Tony would never get enough of it. He wanted to live in that softness, to bury himself into it, to feel nothing but that with all of him. Tony was certain that no other omega could ever feel this soft under his own, sometimes tiring weight. For Tony, Steve was like a safe-haven where to fall with his needs and troubles and then rise back up from as someone strong again. And although they supported each other in every way possible, often it didn’t take anything more than this. Often, it was just this that Tony needed; to be inside of Steve and get in touch with his basic instincts.
Tony stops with his hand midair on its way to the popcorn jar. He pulls his hand back onto his lap and seems to contemplate his answer.
It’s exactly what Steve’s planning to do anyway, but Tony’s plea still sends a wave of pleasure down his spine.
Steve’s tone is more matter-of-fact than chiding. It makes Tony feel warm, and he takes Steve’s hand, kissing it and pulling it under his cheek.
Steve’s condition gnaws at him, too. Tony had managed to say the right things when Steve had told him about the sickness, to say that they’d sort it out somehow, but he can only wish he was really that confident. The situation is terrifying. How can he be strong enough for Steve when he’s so afraid, so wrapped up in his own misery?
As Tony’s hand travels down his torso and wraps around his cock, Steve lifts himself up, his eyes fixed on Tony’s. He can’t help clenching around Tony’s erection as Tony strokes him exactly how he likes it, his other hand coming up to tease his nipple.
Tony hummed brokenly, breathing tensely through his nose, the sudden fullness inside of him definitely more pain than pleasure at the moment. Steve gave him a look that said “how many times do we have to go through this”, but leaned down to kiss his shoulder apologetically, and didn’t move his hips. He lowered himself even closer, kissing Tony’s cheek, his neck, his throat softly. It took Tony’s mind off the displeasure effectively, his muscles beginning to relax. One of Steve’s hands was rubbing small circles onto his hip, and the expression on Tony’s face softened, and oh –
Both of their faces seem to lighten up at the mention of Peter; him, MJ, May and Happy have promised to take the twins with them to Coney Island. Coney Island is a treat of course, but Peter alone would be enough to get the twins hyped. If there’s anyone who could threaten Tony’s place as The Coolest Person Ever in their minds, it’s him.
Stubbornly, he refuses to let it distract him any further and begins to move his hips again. From the way Steve moans shamelessly Tony gathers that his feelings on the subject are similar. He sucks Steve’s earlobe between his lips, making the omega shiver.
Then Tony isn’t touching his ass anymore, and then he is, with enough force that the sound of the impact echoes in the room.
”Here”, Tony says, pushing Kieran gently to Steve’s arms. Steve doesn’t really have the time to think of any other way to react than to just take Kieran and his bottle.
He doesn’t remember it, or more accurately, think about it, in the afternoon when Kieran starts crying, making Steve pick him up and rush to look for Tony. He finds him in the kitchen making late lunch, and at first he doesn’t even realise that Tony isn’t alone.
Tony can’t believe his ears. Did Steve think that he would forget everything just because Steve remembers his favourite fucking jam flavour?
The rest of the hour is spent concentrated on the issue of trust, and by the end of the session, Steve feels exhausted. They agree to both be there next week too.
It’s Steve whose face feels a bit warm. Thor really does seem unaffected, and that puts Steve into an awkward position. He’s quite composed himself right now, but that won’t last. The heat will take over again. Luckily, Thor and Nat have at least been kind enough to cover his naked body after lifting him back on the bed. Although the colour on Steve’s face does get even darker when he realises next that Thor has most likely carried his naked, come- and slick-stained body back to the bed.
”Yes”, Steve says when they part, and Tony looks at him questioningly. ”Yes”, Steve repeats. ”Whatever you want, alpha.”
”I’d say we both did. Well, sixty-forty to me”, Tony murmurs against Steve’s neck and Steve hums, turning his attention back to his breakfast.
”Kieran”, Steve manages to force out, and it shatters him to see the word sink in on Tony’s features. His lower lip trembles and his brows knit together as if he’s in pain. Which he is, Steve knows very well.
“Perfect”, he hears Tony whisper, and then the strings are being pulled to the side, all of Steve exposed. Steve can’t find it in him to be embarrassed at this point – instead, he struggles not to push his ass backwards, closer to Tony’s face –
”It’s okay”, Tony sighs, and he rests a hand on Steve’s shoulder. Emotions storm through him at the contact – disappointment, longing, grief, anger, all in one. ”You can cry.” But one of them is stronger than all of the others, the one the bond between them is meant for, and it feels like coming home. ”We can cry”, Tony adds, tears escaping to his cheeks too, and for the first time in a year, their bond is - silently, exhaustedly, but still - channeling them the word ”love”.
Tony had found himself wanting to fix that loneliness and ended up getting fixed himself in the process. They always said you shouldn’t wait for someone else to fix you, or try to fix others with your love, but it had happened.
“H…” Steve tried, but the beginning of the word morphed into a breathy moan. He bit his lower lip, lashes fluttering. “Handsome”, he managed eventually.
Steve only mewls in response, clenching around Tony’s cock as he feels the knot of pleasure in his stomach tightening. He can hardly feel his limbs; he feels wonderfully detached from his body, and if he’d be asked to suddenly stand up now, he wouldn’t know where to start. Luckily he doesn’t have to worry about such things, because he’s in Tony’s hands and he knows that it’s safe for him to just let go entirely.
Tony’s free hand finds his, and Steve clasps it, locking it into place. He kisses the mark he’s left on Tony’s neck, sucks it softly as he picks up the pace, his thighs working keenly. Tony’s hand squeezes his hip, the sound of his elevated breath driving Steve on. Tony feels so warm against him and Steve needs him so much, feels like he wants to tear his heart out of his chest and give it to him. But he isn’t afraid, doesn’t think about losing all of this now, because Tony’s rough grip on his skin is grounding and he’s right where Steve needs him.
”What if it can’t be helped?” he asks. ”What if I’m just no good? What if you’ve made the biggest mistake of your life by choosing me? Maybe you should’ve never let me come back.”
”Good”, Tony says again, framing his face with a hand and kissing him tenderly. ”Let go. Do that for me, baby.”
It was dim in the room, the sun not having gotten up quite yet. Besides that, Tony could tell that his sleep hadn’t lasted for more than a few hours from the way his eyes protested against being opened with a tired sting. So he let them fall closed again, wrapping his arms around Steve soothingly while he tried in discretion to move so that he could breathe freely. Not that Steve would’ve probably noticed if a train had hit him right now.
”Oh my – fuck, Steve, stop, baby, stop, stop – stop moving”, Tony suddenly says, frantic enough to make Steve still his hips despite his enthusiasm. Steve understands, grinning a little to himself as he takes his time licking the mark he’s made, but takes care that his hips stay still. He doesn’t want this to be over quite this soon either.
He reaches down to suck at Steve’s nipple briefly before resuming his position. Steve’s eyes glue to his, his brow knitting from pleasure and his teeth worrying his lower lip. Tony drinks in the sight, sweat soon beginning to form on his temple from the strain of keeping himself up. But the oxytocin and endorphin high is making him too euphoric to notice any discomfort – Steve is everything he sees and feels.
Steve holds Emmett for a while longer, reassuring him, or perhaps himself, that he’s going to see him again soon. He gives Nat and Rhodey instructions and they listen dutifully, but Steve still feels awful when the doctor arrives and it’s time to give Emmett back to them.
to read some sweet baby-making following the epilogue. ;D More treats (or curses, I definitely am starting to feel like this verse is never going to leave me): I'm currently writing an origin story for Andmoreagain, aka a lot of Tower period pining and awkwardness. Much more fluffier than this angst driven baby here, but not void of drama by any means. ;> It's my NaNocamp project for April, and I can already tell that it's going to be long. Can't promise when I'll start putting it out, but during summer seems like a good guess. So, if you feel like you could bear reading some more of this verse, keep your eyes open for that. It'll probably be part of the
”Tell me, omega”, Tony begins. There are times when getting called ”omega” by one’s alpha is a good thing. This is not one of those times. ”Why is it that you talk about you losing my trust, yet it seems that it’s you who still doesn’t trust me?”
Steve knows exactly what that’s like, air escaping his lungs as the thought of never seeing Tony again dawns on him for the umpteenth time. He’s not sure why he says what he says next, other than that he needs to say something or he’ll break down.
Then Tony has the massage oil in his hands again, and he pours a generous amount of it on his hands, coating Steve’s chest with it. Steve’s not sure where this is going but it’s already feeling extremely dirty, and as Tony begins to massage his slippery chest, he shuts his eyes, his cheeks warming. It feels good, though, like he’s being completely dismissed as a person for a moment and just toyed with.
– even if Tony can rarely be seen in it nowadays, Steve is surprised if the suit isn’t mentioned at least three times before dinner every day.
Steve really was anything but lousy in taking care of his recovering alpha. It was as natural to him as breathing, even more so now that he’d first spent two weeks doing everything for Tony when he’d been in the coma. Wound care on Tony’s arm had been left to professionals in the hospital, but now that Tony’s arm was a little better and he was back home, Steve was the one who changed the bandages, washed the wound and applied ointments onto it every day.
Steve feels a rush at Tony’s words, his cock twitching with interest. And he knows, he knows from Tony’s tone that he has been good, that he deserves this. When Tony’s fingers leave his mouth, Steve finally turns his eyes to him. Tony doesn’t notice, his focus on the fingers that he presses against Steve’s entrance. Steve takes the opportunity to savor the sight openly, the way Tony’s all focused on his body, how his mouth parts a little as he prods his finger inside.
But it’s just the tip of the iceberg. As they dive deeper into Steve’s thoughts and fears, to his past, it soon becomes apparent that the childbirth, the chaos his hormonal system has been, has merely been a trigger that has invited unresolved issues from the past to the surface.
”Christ, you’re pretty”, Tony says after a moment, shaking his head a little. Steve clears his throat, feeling a blush creeping up his neck.
Steve hums in affirmation between his moans, unable to muster up any words. Thankfully, Tony doesn’t seem to be expecting them, his smile widening knowingly.
They fight back and forth for a bit more, until Steve catches a glimpse of himself in the mirror and freezes. He looks awful. There are bags under his eyes, and indeed, his pale and thinned face is framed by a hideous, unkempt beard.
A high-pitched, needy noise pushed out of Steve’s throat as he pushed back against Tony’s cock again. Underneath Steve’s woozy demeanor, Tony could sense growing frustration.
”Fuck me”, he demands again before Tony can say something he doesn’t want to hear, his voice hard, almost mocking underneath.
After a few weeks of things getting worse and worse, Bucky comes to see him. Steve’s surprised that Tony allows it after Siberia, but he guesses that Tony’s getting desperate. He does take the babies with him as he leaves them alone to talk. Steve rolls his eyes at this, nowadays almost permanently pissed at Tony without any real reason.
“You’re so needy, baby”, he said emphatically, his sweet smile a bit amused. “Okay”, he continued, rising back up. He pulled almost out of Steve, and then pushed back in with a throaty noise.
Steve doesn’t mind the details; what matters is that after all that bickering and getting on everyone’s nerves with their weirdly hostile flirting, him and Tony are finally dating. He’s completely head over his heels with Tony, and things between them have progressed much more smoothly than Steve could’ve ever expected. They banter and have arguments, of course, they are still two of the most stubborn men in the whole world, but they also get so sweet with each other Steve honestly could never have imagined it. Well, he’d hoped, for sure, but it has turned out that reality is so much better than dreams.
Steve’s hand curls around Tony’s erection and Tony growls, frustrated at himself, the animal part of him enraged about the prison it has been held in. He flips them over, then places soothing kisses all over Steve who looks a little startled.
”I thought… Fuck, okay, never-mind. Guess we’re here.” He settles his weight down to his arms, tries to smile at Steve.
Steve opens his eyes at the sensation of a gentle hand in his hair. Then another hand comes up to his face and removes the gag, leaving it loose around his neck. Steve licks his lips, the feeling of being free from the gag always weird at first. His mouth really doesn’t have to get used to being empty though, because Tony pushes his cock against his lips, and Steve opens his mouth eagerly, feeling like this way he has at least something to take his mind off of his own need.
Tony squeezes his arms tighter around Steve. Then he looks at him, and Steve’s expression is so vulnerable Tony could cry. He kisses Steve instead, and it’s just for comfort at first, but Steve seems somehow desperate, and Tony feels himself getting pulled into it, his hand coming up to frame Steve’s face. In some way, things feel a little off – Steve’s scent isn’t quite how it used to be, and Tony doesn’t feel like the person he used to be. Yet when Steve opens his mouth, shivering against Tony tensely, Tony slips his tongue into his mouth and does his best to let Steve know that there isn’t anything to be afraid of. It’s a lie, but what use is there for a truth that just hurts them?
Tony laced the fingers of his uninjured hand with the one Steve had snaked under his head and smiled.
But he’s not back to normal. The doctor comes to see him again. He tries hard not to chide Steve when he hears what he’s allowed to be done to himself, but Steve can see that the man’s exasperated underneath. It’s understandable, he guesses. Steve and physicians rarely have seemed to agree on the best course of action when it has come to his health.
”Why are you thanking me?” the therapist asks compassionately, discreetly handing him a package of tissues.
Tony’s sitting on the bed, scrolling his tablet, which he puts away at the sight of his provocatively dressed lover.
He didn’t really have much choice than to just take it as Steve forced a couple more pulses out of him. Then his fingers slowed down, leaving Tony a trembling, pre-cum stained mess.
Tony pushes his cock into him, burying himself straight to the hilt, and Steve’s mind goes blissfully silent. There’s mild pain, his body protesting the hasty invasion, but it hurts in the best way possible.
So, perfect. When the time comes, giving birth is relatively easy as well, the serum making it no problem for Steve to go through it naturally. Steve prepares his “I can do this all day” -mentality when the contractions start, but active labor is over in three hours. It’s a relief, because the serum burns any pain medication through his system too quickly for it to work properly, and there is a point where he feels like passing out from the pain. Tony holds his hand through the whole thing, uncharacteristically silent but present.
Steve doesn’t know what’s going on, but it’s obviously serious. Captain America comes back to him in a blink of an eye, but not quite as quickly as Iron Man comes to Tony.
Tony pushes some wild strands away from Steve’s face, giving his hair a final pet before quickening his movements, beginning to fuck his mouth more roughly. He holds the back of Steve’s head and brings force to his thrusts.
leave you. I will come to you even if I have to travel across galaxies, through goddamn time if I need to. Just promise me you stop keeping things to yourself. I don’t want to have the strong half of you with the other half broken and hidden inside. I want all of you, the whole mess.”
”I’m not going anywhere”, Tony says steadily. He puts his hand back on Steve’s shoulder, and Steve shrugs him off again, but this time Tony catches his wrist tightly. It makes Steve see red, he doesn’t want to be touched – doesn’t
Except Tony is aware. He hadn’t realised how much more strongly the bond would affect him with Steve so near.
Steve swallows and nods, squeezing Tony’s hand briefly without looking at him. He has avoided thinking about the whole thing, Tony’s return and finding Thanos allowing his mind to be occupied with other things.
”You’re literally going to kill me one of these days”, he informed Steve, though he wasn’t really feeling the problem he’d had anymore.
Deep down, he knows that no one’s abandoned him, the least of all Tony, so it must be just him. His own failure to be what he should.
There isn’t time for more. Tony’s hands come up to buckle Steve’s chinstrap back, and they share one final, determined look between them before stepping outside where Thor stands waiting, his eyes fixed on Thanos’ figure.
