A bit of winding and grinding later and everybody in the room had gotten into it, Except for a certain popsicle. Who had gotten quiet as soon as the dare was proposed and now seemed to be planning his escape. As the song was about to end Clint decided that it was now or never, and promptly started making out with Tony, who, was
But Clint knows her mind games and that that is just a threat. That is also why Clint swallows very loudly and quickly scurries out of her bedroom before she strangles him with her hair. He's seen her do it on a AIM-officer before and he would
Then he heard it again, closer and clearer this time, Tiberius got a bit blurred, almost like he was out of focus. That still didn’t stop Ty for slapping him hard on his cheek, turning him over and dragging his pants down to his knees.
Fuck. Was this how it was gonna go? Tiberius actually hadn’t raped him before, sure he had gone too rough, or accidentally not prepared him enough, but they had either stopped when he was in too much pain. Or Tiberius had apologised after a too rough session by massaging him or letting him go over to Peppers. He had never just, done anything. Well, unless you counted yesterday night, but, once again, it was all a dream.
Steve just sat quiet, looking down on his hand while having a almost apologetic look on his face.
"What? Clint that counter is so strong that the Hulk could do the macarena on it and it wouldnt budge. JARVIS, please help me here."
"What? Aren't you gonna talk? C'mon i know you can do it, i wonder if your first word would be 'mama' like everyone else or if it would be something along the lines of 'pain'?"
"Yes, but don't worry it won’t do anything except break the door open, so you just pick up whatever weapon you can find and park your pretty little ass and tiny dick in the corner, while i do all the work." Tony proposed, though it wasn't really a suggestion and really more of an order. But Clint grabbed a metal pole and sat himself in the corner none the less.
He turns around to the face of a very pissed off Tiberius walking towards him, Tony takes a deep breath and then visibly swallows.
But before Tony got down ha decided to add a cheeky comment, just because Tony felt like it would be awkward afterwards if he didn't.
Ty is already hard, Tony notices.
in a good mood. She didn't feel happiness and she had a black heart. (Or that was at least what Clint had said when she had declined playing Mario cart at 3 AM on a Friday night)
Once again, sorry for not posting as much as id like to be. But school has been eating me up and with match-season in full swing with my floor ball and swimming i just haven't gotten that much time. Also i made this chapter way to big for just a casual thing. But its hard when you want to write and more and more but can't because you still have 3 chapters to go. Anyway lets just stop with the whining.
"Well if it isnt the Jonas brothers, nice to see you're in shape." Tony drawled, immediately dragging their attention towards him. The guards just grunted and one of them closed his fist in a I'm-gonna-punch-you way, but that was the only reaction he got.
“What time is it?”
They all had been complementing Bruce's chicken-abilitys when Steve had blurted out that he liked all chicken except for fried. And after that it had just been a war zone all around.
Tony closed his eyes again as Steve rubbed the cloth all over his face, getting rid of all the dirt and blood. Tony was dozing off when he heard the door open and three voices fill the hallway. One was a lot lighter than the other one and Tony guessed that that voice belonged to the red-head. The two other voices were probably the long haired boys.
And, you see. Tony had given him these new hearing aids that would be able to pick up about 99% as much sound as any normal ear and they were much more comfortable and made with a material that you could bend. So he could have them and the little earpiece for the comms in one ear and actually
7 heads turned towards Natasha, and all of them a bit confused until they read what was plastered on the pice of paper.
The reporters had soon gotten over the whole almost-melting-a-bus scenario thanks to Tony’s quick wit and just over all charm. And were now just asking question in general about the Avengers tower and the team and how Steve was adapting to the 21-st century. (That he had answered so awkwardly that the reporter had politely cut him off halfway and Clint, Tony and Thor had died of laughter.)
When he got thrown into the cell that Clint was sitting in, Clint was imediately up on his feet to try and supress the fall as good as he was able to. A bloody, wet and messy excuse of a human was thrown into his arms. (They decided that Tony would get a chance to revisit his old friend waterboarding, Tony was not very pleased with that decision.)
"Yeah, I do believe that." Tony answerers, trying to put on his Fuck-You-Im-Tony-Stark face and badly failing.
Well, that depends on what "big disagreement" means for you.
Fuck, this is where the tears starts. His eyes were a steady stream of tears once Ty had gotten the lube. He pressed his eyes tightly together and a shudder went though his body, his body spasmed and his eyes snapped open.
Tony had never been more happy to see/hear Clint than what he was now. Or, well, Clint was usually the one to get takeout on the way back to the tower and Tony just really loved his fried chicken. When he had declared his love towards both Clint and fried chicken, saying that he would marry Clint while standing
"Nope, I'm hanging this in the front room." Clint countered. Still very much not over the fact that the public thought he and Tony were a thing.
"Hmm, what about something dirty? Why don't you give Tony a lap dance?" Natasha said whilst twirling her hair around her finger in a absolutely non malicious way.
___________________
"Well i guess dare since I'm gonna go ahead and be bold." Clint answered back.
Clint made a suprised noice and slowly sat him down on the floor as the guard closed the door with a bang. While Clint took off Tony’s way to expensive Armani suitjacket to use as a temporary bandage to try and cool down his cut on his leg, Tony was trying to say someting.
"No can do birdbrain, we’re either too far away or underground, and even if we were in the radius then it could take up to a day or more for it to arrive." Tony answered, a bit distracted as he was clipping a few wires apart and inspecting them.
"I dunno, but what i do know is that we should hide it beacuse i hear steps coming down the hall.” Clint answered while moving to bend down and once again hide it in the far back corner. He pushed the last piece back and then sat directly in front of it, resting his back against the wall so the scraps of metal and tools were between his back and the wall. Invicible to the captors unless they moved him.
He had broken up with Ty just a couple of hours before, well, maybe Tiberius had pushed it the last bit, but Tony was still the one into initiate it. After he had once again given Tony a new gallery of bruises he decided enough was enough and he cut it off. Sure he was still a bit insecure about his decision, i mean, Ty really did want the best for him, and if he had to give Tony a few love taps to remind him to stay in his place, then he guessed it was Ty meaning well.
"He hooked up his arc reactor to a homemade bomb, got waterboarded before that, and is gonna have a heart attack in about 15 minutes if we dont switch it out." Clint explained, as camly as he could. Which wasn't calm at all as it was Clint.
"Oh come on, not again, didn't you already knock me out? Dammit, i swear to god one of these days I'm gonna make sure to get Bruce with me, or Thor. Eihter of them works just fine."
"Jump on, here take my helmet as well, you've already been hurt enough as it is."
The guy didn't do anything, just clenched his jaw and kept buttoning up Tonys shirt. After he was done he turned towards the others who had come out into the alley a bit later than him. Huh, Tony hadn't noticed them.
I don't own anything except for the words!
" Fine then i'll start" Sam said with a grin growing on his face as he too sat down.
The photographer had of course heard that two of the Avengers were kidnapped and took a quick picture to make the headlines.
song started playing.
While it really could've been either one of those, she went with the most likely one.
“11.24” Tiberius answers while slowly leaning down and pressing his hands tighter around his wrists.
Steve just sat and sulked for a bit. Before Natasha, came up with a brilliant idea.
The all American boy turned towards Tony with concern burning bright in his eyes.
Thank you for reading this little number, once again, comments and kudos are always appreciated and please leave requests or suggestions to what the last chapter is going to be!
Clint starts out by swaying his hips, slowly at first, to the beat of the song, then fast and faster as he takes himelf less and less seriously. Tony, intent to enjoy this piece of blackmail, spreaded his thighs and started laughing his ass of as Clint made his way onto Tony’s lap.
The same thing could not be said about the rest of them. Bruce, who had recovered from the curry-rice-in-his-throat situation, was just taking a sip of water. And promptly began chocking. Again.
"It’s all fixed, and i'm pretty sure there's no mic on this thing, said some pretty nasty stuff sooo shouldn't be a problem."
Fucking with everybody of course.
"Wait Sam was in on this too! Why is it always me that gets the bad shit." Clint said, but with such a defeated voice that they all knew that the trade was accepted.
This, of course looked like they were halfway there, if you get what I mean. Steve, finally broke and threw the bowl of chips on the floor and stalked away towards the elevator. The sudden noise stopped Tony and Clint and everyone turned towards the doorway where Steve had just gone through.
But was it really real? Tiberius hadn’t spoken yet, which was unusual for him to not be spitting out passive aggressive comments about how lazy he was, or how much of a disappointment it was to not wake up to 5-star fucking breakfast every day.
help.
"Sir yes sir" Clint answered all whilst standing up and moving slowly towards the genius-billionaire-philantropist. The playboy had suddenly stopped being a playboy after his 30eth birthday. "JARVIS, music please" Just as the first beat of a very,
"And second of all, who is the one who's beaten up?"
"Huh, somebody got a bit embarassed, well let's not wait for him because it was only like 4 forks and we can eat with a spoon, right? Tony turned the question to the team, who just mutedly nodded and all sat down. Still in a bit of a shock that Tony didn't have a damn clue about what Steve
Bruce, who had been sipping on what Natasha thought was a glass of water, started chocking on it as soon as she said arc-reactor. Of course she couldn't see him but unless he was getting a blowjob, he was chocking on something. Maybe he was giving a blowjob? No he answered when she asked him something, so he was definitely just drinking something.
"Hmm, we'll see about that." She says, moving closer to quietly whisper the plan into Clint's ear, afraid that JARVIS would hear and tell on them to Tony. Never mind that JARVIS is just as tired of having conversations with Tony on how soft Steve's hair looks or how nice it would be to feel his abs than the rest of them.
Well, Tony is mostly doing something that ends up looking wrong all on his own, but still, Clint are a part of that something.
"IRON MAN OR IRON SAVIOUR?" With the picture of the empty iron man suit beneath, they all got a good laugh. Tony had to put his oxygen mask back on and Clint fell out of the chair. Bruce chocked on his salad and all was well in the world again.
"No, well it’s  the truth so you're just gonna have to accept it." Clint replied while pulling a grimace into the camera. His eyes swept through the room and slowed down on the far back corner of the cell. Slowly walking over to it and bending over, pulling something up with him when he stood up. He made his way back to Tony (Which only was like 3 steps but whatever) who had noticed Clint had found something.
Yeah, this night was going to be a good one. Tony thought as he looked up from the floor and around the dance floor. A bit of a way had been parted and he could see out of the sea of people, his eyes trailed along the walls and stopped at a group of people sitting on chairs and armchairs and stools. They seemed to be about his age, maybe a bit older. A redhead sat beside a guy with what looked like a prosthetic and dark, long, hair. Another dark-haired guy sat opposite them, this one not as intimidating and was clearly the clown of the group, on his right a guy who had long blonde hair and
The clerks came around and were of course delighted to have the Avengers in their shop. One of the clerks didn’t seem particularly happy though, while he sure did try to seem cheery and helpful, they all knew that he wasn’t their biggest fan.
was going to do.
And to the sound of Steve's deep breathing, the clatter in the kitchen from the other guys, and the silent reminder that everything was going to be ok that was Steve's arm slung around Tony's waist, Tony fell asleep. Tomorrow, he was going to have to face the world, get a lawsuit going on Ty, talk to Pepper and Rhodey and Bruce. Handle all the PR that came with a breakup. But for now, Tony was content right here.
"Why aren't we just doing a trade instead, like Steve has to say he likes fried chicken and Tony and Clint has to do something back?"
When they entered the kitchen, the rest of the team was already there. Bruce was standing at the stove, stirring something that smelled of curry. Beside him Thor was chopping up all kinds of veggies; peppers, cucumbers, tomatoes and carrots. Natasha was handing Sam plates, who handed Clint the plates, who then placed them on the big dining table. It was all a big mess, but one really team-y and famil-y mess.
"Ok, great, let's go, I have a bike that we can ride.-" He said to Tony then turned towards the rest of the group. Telling them that he'll see them back at the dorm before practically dragging Tony out of the alley, and towards a Harley standing against a lamppost.
"Uhhh, WAIT WHAT is that connected to the arc reactor!?? Imeanyeswhateveryousay." Clint exclaimed, clearly not expecting that level of seriousness.
It all started out on a Saturday afternoon, a lazy afternoon, that was. The sun was just about to go down, when Natasha stood up, finally done with her training of the day.
.” Was what came out of the billionaires mouth instead.
"Are you kidding me? How stupid can they possibly be?" He said, almost wonder in his voice.
After that Ty get a predatory look in his eyes and starts to rip Tony's shirt open. Tony now realizes what is happening and even though his head is swimming and when he opens his eyes the edges are going a bit black, he still tries to escape.
"UUuh, no, no, no I didn't, I mean, I.." Ty stuttered. The adonis punched him square in the jaw and then roughly let him down. Ty seemed to understand he was very much fucked and quickly got up from the ground on shaky legs and then proceeded to run out of there as quick as humanly possible. Hell it was almost as fast as he cummed, although that might be a bit of a stretch.
"A full night's sleep is eight hours Tony," Steve answered back, "You need to eat, drink something other than coffee, and then go to sleep."
Yup, perfect ocean eyes too, what a looker.
He dropped something on the floor in front of him, which looked like a circuite-card and some tools, and a big piece of metal. Tony just stared down at the pile and then slowly trailing his gaze up towards Clints face.
"Fuck off, firstly let me tell you my dick is fucking phenomenal ok?" Clint answered, now done with tying the jacket and trying to mop up the blood from his head.
When dinnertime rolls around, Tony is just about as noticing of that as he is off Steve's feelings towards him. Which means he doesn't have a single fucking clue what time it is, never mind that Clint had told him just a few hours before, or maybe it was a day? You know, Tony didn't know. Period.
Tony climbed onto the motorcycle and curled his arms around Steve's waist after a second of hesitation, once he was all comfortable, he rested his cheek against Steve's back and just rode along, wishing that the butterflies in his stomach could shut the fuck up.
Suddenly the covers got pulled off, roughly, and instead of the thin silk restricting his hands from grabbing his phone. A mans hand did, precisely Tiberius’ hand did.
“Wow, thank you for the compliment.” Clint grumbled as he now had gotten the underlying meaning behind the statement.
"Yes omg Natasha that's the best thing you have ever thought of since you asked Thor if he'd seen Star Wars! Absolutely - let me just finish up here and then we can force the team to the common level - hold on - just wait a second ok?" Before going back to shooting at what appeared to be a moving person that JARVIS had produced.
"Fuck off, I said I broke up with you, didn't i?"
what the fuck was going on.
______________________
“YEAH! We both can kiss each other! That is almost a good idea bird brain.”
done." Natasha raised one perfectly plucked eyebrow at that and Clint went on to explain.
"I haven't slept in about 40 hours so you better let me get cached up before you throw all the crazy dares at me" Tony said as he sat down and immediately grabbed a handful of chips, and his cup of coffee since there was no way in hell he was sleeping through whatever was going down today, he did not care about Steve's kicked puppy eyes. (At least he pretended not to)
A press conference, of course.
__________________
Tony knew this, he also knew that Steve would never hurt him. But that didn't stop his flinch, it didn't stop the crestfallen look Steve had on his face either when he realized what Tony thought Steve was about to do. He didn't say anything though, just silently asked if it was ok, and Tony gave him a small nod in answer.
________________________
He was kicking people while he was punching guys with both his metal pole and hands, but after a while he was way to tired to continue, there was about 5 guards left who wasn't either knocked out or had something broken and had to sit down and get medical help. Clint though that personally he did a good job.
Tony listened closely the next couple seconds, but as nothing happened he guessed it was once again his brain going mad and making up stuff.
"Shut up." Tony answered back, but wiggled his ass a bit as he walked away.
"Shut up, isn't it enough that i have to stare at your boxers, with
"Yes you will, now shut up and get into his arms, JARVIS will take over from here, get straight to medical ok?" Bruce hung up with a small click and Clint had no other choice than to accept the arm around his back and jump up with both of his feet to meet the iron man suits other arms. JARVIS hooked the arm in the hollow of clint knee and he was off.
Now, you may wonder how in the fuck Tony got into the club, as he definitely wasn't of age, and the answer to that my friend is sneakers with a really chunky sole and one of the best fake IDs ever. Plus he was Tony Stark , no one one was gonna question him.
Out in the hallway it was eeirly quiet, the only sound being Clint’s steps and the sound that dragging a body across the ground did. On the plus side the air was much more clearer and Clint could finally breathe again. He took Tony over his shoulder, but not without warning the guy that his sense of gravity was about to be completely off.
"How can you even forget having superstrength, that doesn't make any sense?" Tony said, all the while walking Steve towards the sink and slowly washing his bleeding hand.
As usual, because some thing just doesn't change, kudos and comments are appreciated and listens too if you have a suggestion of either a other story or the last bit in this one!
had put the glasses on the highest shelf, so high that even Thor and Steve couldn't reach it. And it could've only been one certain tweety bird that did this shit,
I know that the first chapter has some misspellings and I'm just not using the correct grammar. But I'm gonna finish the whole book and then edit the chapters to make them better! Also sorry for not posting anything but I've been busy with school after winter break, I'm back tho and I'm gonna update more from now on!
"ARE YOU FUCKING KIDDING ME?" Steve exclaimed, and started to run towards the exit, or what Clint guessed was the exit atleast, Natasha took ahold of her little ear-comm and started explaining to Bruce what happened and told him to have an arc-reactor ready in tops 10 minutes, all the while trying to not make him Hulk out.
impressive biceps was sat, taking up two seats instead of just one. Tony looked at him for a moment, then realized that it was Bruce's boyfriend, and quickly looked away.
Naaah, Clint thought as he stood up to finally get to leave and do something fun, maybe force the team to have a movie night? Yeah, he would do that. Steve could coax Tony to come out of his workshop. Hell, the man could probably get Tony to get on his knees and beg for all he knew.
"Oh no, i killed her." The smug fucker replied, while slowly standing up. Walking around the walls trying to find any clue as to where he is, what the fuck is happening and how they would get out.
Her smile faltered for a moment, watching Steve get a odd face and break the syringe. But it came back full force once she realised what was going on.
Steve just shrugged, and while he still looked like he just dropped his icecream. He didn't have that devastated look anymore. And it got better when Tony leant into his personal space to lightly pluck away all the leftover bits.
That's when he got rolled out from under the car and came face to face with Steve.
"Yeah, yeah, sure. Whatever you say Capsicle." Tony shot back, now a bit distracted. That was when Steve noticed that he still hadn't let Tony's hand go and immediately dropped it as if it would burn him. They shared an awkward glance and then Tony turned around and started walking towards the doors. Steve followed.
Thankfully, Tony had more than one kitchen in the tower, and therefore more than enough cutlery to use and serve the whole R&D department, nonetheless, there was cutlery to be found in more than one place. Steve also realised that and and jerked around and walked towards the doors that led to one of many, elevators.
"Oh really, damn you really sunk to a new low, plus it’s not very nice to beat up people who just got waterboarded." Tony teased back, now a little more forced as he was trying to stand while having a very-likely broken foot. Clint sat him down again and started setting his leg, saying when it was gonna hurt and after when he wasn't gonna do anything.
In Clint and Natashas second part of their amazing plan, truth or dare is played, and somebody (Steve) finally loses their shit. As per usual Bruce will be trying to inhale things in this chapter too.
Tony held the eye contact a few seconds longer and then looked away, just as the guy/girl/whatever he was dancing with got pushed to the side and a pair of caging arms took the other ones place.
After picking out a couple of shirts as well, they shuffled towards the changing room where Bruce already was stationed trying out clothes that Natasha had picked.
A big chunk of it is almost burned black with ash and the glass proteting the acual reactor has almost melted completely. Bruce looks for the small screws that he knows is on the side of the arc reactor and grabs his special screwdriver which was one out of three that worked, and needed his, Pepper, Rhodey, Tony himself or Happy’s fingerprint for the little tip of it to come out. After he was done screwing it out he twisted it just a bit and when he heard the click, pulled it out.
That is also why he took his time, once every miute twitching his arms and legs, slowly rolling his neck searching for broken bones and anything that could indicate a conussion or braindamage.
But, now Steve was off about some morally right shit that nobody cared about anyway and they’d sat in the same spot for about an hour and a half. So nobody could blame Clint for becoming a bit bored of it all.
"Tony opened his top 3 buttons on his was-white-once-upon-a-time shirt and started screwing on something on the arc reactor. He finally got it loose enough to connect the red cable into a small socket and twist with an old, rusty plier. Once that was done, he sat back and started slowly counting down from 30.
"Darth Vader is Luke's father," confirmed Tony seriously.  It was easier to talk about
-- I'm sorry, it's so bitter--
He peered at the few inch gap when Tony pointed it out and blinked. Steve moved over to one of tables, searching through the messes of materials.
Peggy had known he and Bucky had been bonded. She had been the only one to know. She knew what he went through with that.
"Who gives a shit?" she said and Steve blinked. "Doesn't matter they thought about you. You kicked ass and now they're all dead."
On instinct Steve leaned into the touch before he even thought about if he wanted to.
What he had with Karpov was like a bond but better because Karpov was in charge.
He wasn't getting anymore wet like this and Tony big and hard inside of him was getting increasingly painful. Steve swallowed. He needed to get turned on, fast, or Tony needed to get out of him. He couldn't deal with this. Steve couldn't help but feel like he was letting Tony
Tony patted Steve on the back and walked off to stairs, whistling.
"--the cloaca is self-cleaning so, Alphas, don't douche your omega.  Omegas, don't let your Alphas douche you. And ladies, the same goes for your naughty bits.  No douching. Very unhealthy. Now-- next diagram, Rex--
Tony frowned a little, his hand still on Steve's cheek.  "...but how is that different than forced bonding, Steve?  Isn't that what Barnes did? Took what he wanted?"
Tony scowled.  Surely it wasn't healthy to have this much estrogen in one room.  In between the women and the omegas, he was pretty sure they were mere minutes away from watching
He was determined not to let having the SHIELD agents hovering around to deter him from throwing his usual out-of-control party.  Over the next few days, it was not uncommon to come across Tony yelling into the phone to caterers or lighting staff or security or a bar tending service.  Clearly he was trying to pick up some of Pepper's slack.
"Run, rabbit.  Before they begin to torture you, too," said the man on the ground, grinning maniacally.
"Just tell me, Steve," he said, sounding tired.
"So, in conclusion, never laugh too hard while drinking a martini," finished George wisely.
Two sets of eyes were fixed on him, waiting patiently.  Neither seemed judgemental. Rather, curious... tinged with concern.
Tony was too distracted to be trying to listen.  He was looking at Pepper lovingly while she crammed him into the back of the SUV.
"Tony.  Steve.  I think you should both talk to Dr. Gleason," said Pepper, staring pointedly at Tony.
The asset shook his head.  He pocketed the yellow ball and hopped off the bench to follow him.
What really got to him was that Donner was obviously intelligent. He was someone with so much potential...but Gideon hadn't nurtured it. The man would have had the means to support the omega through anything but he hadn't. Donner had had his own life snatched away from him and he wasn't even
Tony glanced at Steve.  "I'm good," he said.  If Steve hadn't been there, he would have ordered more alcohol.  But Steve had made it clear that he shouldn't.  He figured he could make up for it on their way back from Pendleton.  "How 'bout you, Steve?"
do that, it woulda killed him!"  He was getting choked up.  Years of feeling his omega's desire... God, that had been torture.  Yet still, even though he'd always refused Steve's affection, he'd still come home every night to a warm meal.  Steve had been a good omega and he'd never even told him that.  "I stopped feeling the bond in Azzano.  Jim Morita, he was bonded, too, and they experimented on him, too, and his bond got broke, too.  And since me n' Steve couldn't feel each other and Steve's neck wasn't marked no more I thought he just wanted to start over like we weren't even bonded so... so we weren't really bonded anymore, not really, at least not like we could actually
want?"  He felt inexplicably angry at Fury for being a beta, for not having to deal with these sorts of complicated problems.
He didn't know how common this was.  He didn't know how omegas, much less male omegas, worked.  He didn't know whether or not he was supposed to even be sad.  He just knew it hurt.  Perhaps moreso because it hurt his mate.
Morgan dropped into the chair opposite to Tony in an instant.
"I think they're doing--" began Pepper, scrolling on her phone.  "--
Natasha sulked.
"What?  What is it?!" cried Pepper.
"Yeah, but you and me, we always do Christmas Eve," said Tony, trying to sound like he didn't care, even though he did.  A lot.
"It's official.  I turned in my retirement, and twisted some arms, and this fall, the show is yours," said Boswell.  He checked his watch; it was past midnight. "Happy birthday," he added gruffly.
"Your party isn't author--"
Tony sat back down, looking to meet Steve's eyes, and raised a glass of champagne.  "Well... good," he said. He wasn't sure what to say about her. She'd always been Aunt Peggy to him when he was a child, but they'd fallen out.  The loss of his parents, followed shortly by the death of Edwin and Ana Jarvis, had shaken Tony to the core. After graduating college at seventeen, he'd spent the next several years alone, drinking from his father's extremely well-stocked bar and fiddling around with rocket designs in his room.  Aunt Peggy had tried to be there for him; she had tried to be sympathetic, and then, when that hadn't worked, had tried tough love. But Tony had only wanted to be left alone and in the end, Obadiah had been the one to shoo her away and "let the boy mourn how he likes."
Happy shrugged as Steve slammed the door in his face, and went back to his car to return to his proper employer, Tony.
Steve smiled as Tony apologised. He shot a text off to Gleason then dropped his phone. "It's okay. I still enjoyed it. I wasn't going to last long either; it was pretty intense. It was kind of insane. I can't believe I didn't know about something so...it's on my body and I didn't even know it was there. That's bad. I wonder if everyone else knows, and it's just me being from the forties and not getting taught this stuff."
"Well?" she pressed.
Tony looked from Fury to Steve, then took Fury's hand and shook it, smiling a little.  He turned to Steve and reached out to hug him; Steve stepped back quickly, holding out his hands.  "Whoa.  Whoa, whoa, whoa," said Steve, with a little smile.  He offered Tony his hand
"The serum makes me pretty hard to keep with," Steve said, keeping his voice soft. "It's hard to keep me satisfied."
"Oh!  This is his birth announcement!"
"It's no trouble.  But no vomiting in my car, alright?" said Joey pleasantly, wiping his knife off and placing it back into its sheath on his belt.  "Come on, I'm only a few blocks this way. You don't want to get on the tube looking like
The woman was bonded, but even if she were single, Tony would not have felt threatened.  His jealousy was ebbing a lot.  Having a proper honeymoon in his own house, getting to mate Steve over and over... he felt secure.  A lot more secure.  Their bond had solidified over the last week and Tony felt a lot more rational and less emotional than he had at the very beginning.  Thank Tesla.  The idea of being so out of control for his whole life was extremely unpleasant.  It was nice to be around Steve in public without his hackles rising at every time another Alpha interacted with them.
"Pepper," he purred.
"It's a home theater," said Tony, answering Steve's unasked question.
"The issue is, Steve is associating the smell of an Alpha with a HYDRA agent."
. It felt so good to clean his hair, for starters, and the pungent smell of the shampoo got rid of the smell of antiseptic that seemed to follow him everywhere. He had to dress back in the same clothes-- a loose, starched hospital gown-- but being clean underneath made it
"Thank, Jorge," said Tony.  "So what the hell are you planning, Steve?  Your text didn't exactly evoke a sense of peace... why would we have to leave suddenly?  You didn't arm them, did you?"
Later, he would feel annoyance and anger that the attack at the Expo had stolen a precious day from him.  The honeymoon period was only a week, perhaps two, but was considered one of the most intense experiences of a person's life, up there with having your first born baby, or getting married, or graduating college.  Historically, most cultures had a series of practices around it, but Tony had always shirked tradition, preferring to do things his own way.  Besides, in America, most of the older practices had been abandoned.  He sure as hell doubted Steve expected a collar, the forties' equivalent to a wedding band. Nowadays, seeing an omega in a collar was like seeing a woman in a corset.  It was considered, at best, kinky and slightly tasteless.  Some pair-bonds did exchange rings, or got matching tattoos, but Tony felt traditions like that were trendy and fleeting; his style had always been timeless, removed from current fads.  (The one exception: he had gotten his ears pierced in the eighties.  He was at MIT and had let some upperclassmen convince him it was a good idea.  He'd worn the earrings for exactly one week, until coming home from spring break, when Obadiah had practically torn them out of his ears and informed him that, if Howard found out he was strutting around like a damn queer, he was in for a world of pain.  Tony had let his ears grow back, secretly glad, because he wasn't really sure he'd been pulling off the look anyway.)
"-no, there's no time, Rhodey!  Listen, I'm sorry I threw you through a wall, I'll buy you a drink, okay? Just listen- Hammer is working with Vanko; Vanko called me- he planned this. I think he's going to attack me--"
If Steve had been different-- smaller, more fragile-- Tony would never have been okay with it.  How Natasha could stand letting Clint disappear for months at a time on dangerous, classified missions, Tony had no idea.
Steve was giving off vibes of hurt and shame.  Tony would have liked to go off on him about Bucky but he was too tired to dredge up the energy necessary and besides, Steve was already low.  Tony would have been, too, in Steve's position.
Steve realized this was the most he'd ever spoken about Bucky to Tony, ever. It was like the band-aid had been ripped off. It was no longer an awkward topic to skirt around. It was bloody and bright on the back of Steve's neck.
The door opened and Dr. Ludheim walked in, lab coat billowing behind her.
Tony slid an arm under Steve's neck and another around his body, pulling him close before (fuck, Steve was
using protection, right?"
"Oh. Nick told me to give you something. Under the bench. Apparently it's a 'thank you'. Well, he didn't say that. Nick never says thank you but, you know, you get the idea..."
on skates... well, she
"Nothing," said Pepper, tucking it into her pocket with the dogtags.  "Just wrapping from that box. I'll toss it out."
you asshat!" snapped Tony.
Tony didn't even hesitate.  "Yes," he said. The word was a growl, and a promise.  Of course he'd kill for his mate. Of course he'd destroy the other Alpha, leaving Steve pure again, his and his alone.
"Me neither," joked Steve, looking down.  He winced at the coldness of the brush on his abs and sniggered as she began painting a flag on him.  "Oh-- oh, geez--"
"...you can mate without bonding," said Bucky, rubbing his cheek on Steve's hair.  "Stark never wanted to bond you. Just get his dick wet. That's how he is." He paused.  "...Tony... he's the one... he's the one you said was happy? About losing the pup? ...must be some Stark curse, bein' a jerk."
Tony blinked in surprise. "What?  No! No, it's... it's because of something else.  It's not you, I don't like touching hands in general.  ...aw, forget it, it's been like twenty-five years--" He threw his arms around Tiberius in an embrace; Tiberius made a noise of surprise and patted Tony's back awkwardly.  Steve could tell Tony was hanging on a little for support; clearly he'd had more than one drink before coming down here.
They drove back to the hotel in silence.  When they got there, Tony stalked up to their suite, strode into the bedroom, and slammed the door in a way that indicated he didn't want to be bothered.
"Steve.  Hey. You can see.  You can see me, hear me, smell me.  I'm right here." Tony reached over his head and pulled off his shirt (Pepper made a noise of protest), then guided Steve's hand to his arc reactor.  "Feel that? See it? It's warm, isn't it? Blue, like your eyes."
He wanted to speak but he couldn't. Steve's jaw trembled and a bead of sweet slipped down his temple. He cried out, his stomach burning with pain. His body was burning through it, like it had down with the heat blocker. But this was a different sort of pain. He was still horny and confused but the pain was coming from a lack of Tony, not just his super-fast metabolism.  Heats without Alphas were hell and Steve suddenly found himself right in the middle of one, on the battlefield.
The car lapsed into silence for the rest of the ride to the airport.  Tony's plane was idling in front of the hangar; Charlie, the pilot, was sitting on the steps reading a comic book.  She put it away when she saw them getting out of the car. Unlike Happy and Pepper and Steve, Charlie was in her usual get-up, which was cargo shorts and a t-shirt that featured a rabbit wearing headphones.
Tony watched this whole process in fascination.  These people worked fast and clearly had their methods down pat; while George was acting, Kerry was busily pointing him in all the right directions, and Brent and two other lawyers were taking notes.  Another one had pulled out a recorder to document the process.
"No.  But I'm not bonded to him, so it doesn't matter.  Now
Cooper shook Steve's hand in that self-serious way that children have.  He waited until Steve had let go to ask, "Did you bring your shield?" His little hands flew; clearly, he was fluent.
Sam dove; Tony followed.
funny business.  What constituted "funny business," anyway?  Surely anything they'd already done was on limits.  Licking Steve's neck, stroking his hair... these things were okay, right?  Tony didn't ask, because he strongly believed that asking forgiveness was easier than asking for permission.  He couldn't stand it if Steve said no.  He wanted to lick him again.  But this time he would absolutely not lose control and mark him.  He just wanted one quick taste, while he was sober.  That was it.
"Steve," said Banksy gently.  He reached out to put a hand on Steve's knee.  "I think the work you're doing is really important.  That's why I asked you and Danielle to come on the show.  Omegas need a world we can be safe in. But sometimes, people get so worked up about the world that they let people slip through the cracks.  And I don't want you to slip through the cracks." He patted Steve's knee. "I just want to make sure you're okay, that he's being good to you.  One O to another. Don't let him get away with being a jerk just because you're bonded to each other. Listen, how about sometime after the holidays, you come to a meeting with the Alliance?  You need omega friends."
"Any illegal or unauthorized movements over national lines will be grounds for incarceration."
"Well..." Natasha pulled back and sighed, averting her gaze. "You’re the only truly successful super soldier. And potentially a baby maker. You're worth more to them alive than dead Steve."
Sam stared at Tony incredulously.  Tony's face was unreadable.  It was entirely unclear whether Tony was being purposefully insulting or whether he was just so completely out of touch that he had no idea what he was saying was offensive.
"Wake me up tomorrow, 'k?" said Tony, snuggling down with a bottle of scotch.  "...and thanks for breakfast. And... everything. This is probably the best March I've had since the eighties.  Seriously. You're the best, Steve. I love you. You're so good." He reached out; his fingers grazed Steve's bare leg.  Steve seemed distracted, but that was okay. As long as he was hearing it.
"...yes."
The man walked over, fury etched over his face.  "Didn't anyone ever teach you any fucking manners, punk?  Huh? You should've gotten out of my way, you little prick.  I'm an Alpha."
"Tony... ah--
"Mac will be staying with four other agents," Nick explained to them. "If this is HYDRA, or another organization, they might try again. Those two are vulnerable for the next three days at least."
anymore, seeing as you two decided to re-bond last week--"
s the best one.  Their lead guitarist played left-handed 'cause he lost two of his fingers on the right hand.  They basically invented modern metal."
"Tony.  Please talk to me.  I know you're in there.  Are you going to sit down here playing guitar and not talking for the rest of your life?  Huh?  Is that your plan?  You're not even going to
"Good guy?" said Sam.
Tony ignored them completely and walked onto the plane despite some weak protests.  He flopped down into a leather chair with a groan of pain. Protesters, in his experience, always wore combat boots for some reason, and those hurt like a bitch to be kicked by.
t was what the guy wore under his uniform.  It looked good, but then, everything did on Steve.  Most clothes clung tightly to him, particularly his arms; the average t-shirt didn't expect biceps like his, the result being that, at any given time, he looked like one good flex would tear whatever he was wearing.  (This had happened only a couple of times.)
"Tony!"
"You're supposed a genius!  Think of something!"
"And you are?" asked Pierce, casting a look over at Irshad.
"Mission report."
His gaze flickered up from the drawing to Tony's face. "My neck's okay.  It feels like an ache instead of a burn. It's manageable," he said simply and then Steve turned the drawing around for Tony to see (something he did not do by habit. Seeing Steve's work was usually a rarity, especially sketches like this and not the finished piece). "You look younger when you sleep."
"Are there any jets in here?" Steve asked. "One you could get into?  To get away?" He looked into Bucky's eyes, willing there to be an answer. "I need you to find a jet. And help Wanda and Pietro get out of here, too, okay? You've got to keep them safe, Buck; they don't have anyone else.  They're innocents.  They shouldn't be here.  And if they try and kill Stark, SHIELD will go after them... and SHIELD already wants you."
T'Chaka moved back around to take the seat next to his son, his hands clasped on the table. "Of course, we both know why we're here... but we still appreciate your co-operation Mr Stark and that you found time to meet with us so quickly." Pleasantries, of course. Steve didn't think anyone could turn down an invite from
Gideon stood and fixed Steve with a long, hard stare. "There is nothing natural about you, Captain."
He stared down at the police officers as they walked past him. Despite mostly being Alphas, they looked intimidated. One woman in a suit was on her phone in the background, saying they'd been 'cooperative.'
Steve left England that night. He rolled a die and then took a plane ticket to wherever it matched up. Steve ended up going to Moscow.  Hey, least he could speak half decent Russian now. Sure, he hadn't learnt to read it yet, but no one was perfect.
She didn't touch him.  Tony had a strict rule about being touched when he was waking up.  Instead, she found a metal ruler and prodded him gently with it. Tony groaned.  "Three hundred thousand on Scorpion's Ruckus," he mumbled, half-asleep.
Tiberius shifted Steve into his lap.  The only thing to do was to let it pass, he supposed.  It was only because of Steve's heat that he was having these momentarily flashes into Bucky's mind.  They couldn't be pleasant, though. Steve's skin was clammy as if he were ill. Steve mumbled something in Russian.
"Wait!" cried Cooper.  "I have a question! Did you-- did you always know you were an omega or did you have to wait to find out like me?"
After thirty years of being bonded, Banksy and Boswell were severed, which could only mean one thing.
Steve ran a hand over his face. "Okay.  Okay, don't worry, George. I'll handle it."
They ended up with Tony against the headboard so Steve could lean his head against his chest. He still didn't say anything. Tony was warm and firm and he smelt like home. Also, right now, he smelt like cheap coffee and maybe a faint hint of whiskey on his clothes. Steve let his eyes slip shut and buried his face against Tony's chest. He felt safer than he had in about a week. He felt grounded and steady and
And then he pulled back with a small nod. "Time together. Cuddling. You got it," he told him. He turned the shower off and then grabbed them towels. Steve gently dried Tony off before drying himself too as best he could. Then they backed away towards the bed, Tony's ghosts still following them, the success of the convention overshadowed by lives lost, each one a grim reminder that their work was far from done.
Steve leaned into Tony's touch when he felt his tongue on his neck again. "I like that," he whispered. "You should do that some more."
Steve pulled out his drip with a degree of caution, making sure he wouldn't bleed everywhere before he went to go take a pee. A nurse on night shift spotted him and offered to put a plastic cover over his neck so he could shower and Steve could have kissed her.
"...Bucky." Steve tried, hissing as metal plates dug into his neck. "Let. Me.
A pause.  "...didn'tcha see the headlines?"
The hotel phone rang and Tony jumped before reaching over to grab it.
"Well, I don't think a key would do much good now..." She hummed in fake concern. "You are a strong boy, aren't you?"
One of the bracers hit his arm; there was a loud, mechanical click and suddenly Tony's arm was sheathed in a plate of red metal.  Tony looked down, eyes wide.
"Not at all," Steve hummed. He curled his arm around Natasha's waist; she gripped his arm tightly. Steve stepped them up onto the stairwell's banister and then jumped, the rope's decent slow enough that Steve landed without any pain to his knees. Natasha pryed away from him then clicked a small button on the handle, calling the rope back.
"It's March twenty-fifth through March twenty-seventh.  But they wouldn't let you in anyway, Steve."
Tony grinned.  He was fond of horror movies.  Pepper never had been.  He was curious as to whether Steve would conclude the movie was good or bad.  Yet another thing he didn't know about Steve.
The first one shone a flashlight toward them at the same time they each grabbed a guard. Sam went straight for the radio to prevent his guard from calling for help, and the two fell to the ground in a furious struggle.
The lump on the back of his neck got noticeably smaller each time Gleason drained it. It killed each time. Steve didn't exactly know when it happened but at some point he was gripping Tony's hand. He wasn't aware of little else but his mate's touch and the pain. His neck burned so much a few tears streaked down his cheeks.  He wiped them away hastily, embarrassed.
house," he replied, eyeing Gleason suspiciously.  He noted, with annoyance, that no one was telling Steve to put pants on, even though he was also in nothing but briefs and a robe.  Apparently getting shot in the leg gave you a free pass to roam around pantsless.
Foes.
without stirring up trouble, can you?"
me, Tony?!  After Monaco, after Malibu, after disappearing for two days, avoiding my calls, now you're
omega, in an officer's uniform was, to Tony, extremely sexy.
"Don't care.  Just want you," said Tony breathlessly, pushing him onto the bed and pressing their mouths together.  Part of him was sad to see their honeymoon go; it had been nice, staying home at all, not talking to reporters or facing boardrooms full of men in suits or uniforms.  But on the other hand, he was looking forward to feeling normal again.  He constantly felt jittery and anxious, like he'd had too much coffee.  His description to Pepper hadn't been at all metaphorical; he genuinely felt like punching someone and fucking Steve all the time, perhaps even simultaneously.
"You'll get to see him
"Missed you so much, 'mega... so much.  Wow," he said, looked over Steve's body, hands still roaming his torso.  He looked up, trying to meet Steve's eyes, but Steve's gaze was wandering off into the middle distance.  Tony grabbed his face in both hands and leaned in to kiss the corner of his mouth, trying to get his attention.  "'mega," he repeated lovingly.
"Shoot?" repeated Steve.
"Whatever you want, Steve," said Tony gently.  "You're doing the best you can and it's pretty damn good, okay?  And I'm happy with it. You're not failing me, okay? Seriously, I'm so glad you're here and that we're together.  It's okay to be confused and stuff. We're both figuring stuff out. It's fine, whatever, you know? We're still the world's biggest power couple, we're still Tony goddamn Stark and Captain America."  He huffed a little and lay down on the bed next to Steve.
"It's been a long day," Steve supplied weakly.  He did not have the words, or energy, to explain all that had transpired in the last twenty-four hours.
Please note that Gideon Malick is canonically an advisor and junior member of the World Security Council, but only appears in Agents of SHIELD.  We have chosen to bring him into the MCU as a major villain with minor alterations and omissions to his story as it appears in Agents.
"...what
Tony had expected the conversation to delve right into politics but it didn't.  In fact, it orbited madly around the subject without ever lighting. They chatted about all sorts of trivial bullshit all the way through the main course, with Steve wolfing down three full meals as politely as one could.
"Hey man! Looking good," Sam clapped a hand on Steve's shoulder as he stepped inside, the jet door hissing quietly as it slipped shut behind him. "I like the uniform. Not
He downed another drink before he felt wobbly and confident enough to go down and face his childhood friend.
Eric returned and Tony stopped scratching.  "So... what do you recommend?" asked Tony.
Steve moved to plate up their food as Tony sulked over his steaming cup. Steve fetched cutlery and then they sat down to eat. He crossed one leg over the other neatly and picked up his tea, sipping it with an approving hum. Steve smiled again at Tony over his mug when their eyes met.
"These aren't politics.  They're human rights," she replied, eyes blazing.
"If you want me there, I'd like to be there," Steve said simply, lying down in the bed.   This, he supposed, was why Tony had been asking about his father.  Howard had been on his mind.
They were two Alpha women sat outside smoking with drinks. They glanced over curiously but didn't approach. Steve's shoulders were shaking a little. "I don't--"
Tony already knew the fallout would be enormous; he donated regularly to Planned Parenthood, which mostly catered to beta women, and he'd gotten death threats over it.  Happily, though, he was pretty sure if he and Steve formed a charity together, then he would take most of the flak.  After all, people thought of Steve as a wholesome, all-America goodie two-shoes, and Tony as a troublemaker.  And being the Alpha, people would think Tony was the mastermind behind it and Steve was just along for the ride.
Tony stepped out in a towel and Steve watched as a bead of water escaped from his hair and slipped over the bump of his collar bone and down his chest. His hands itched to draw for a brief moment.
Rhodey looked startled at this sudden outburst of interest.  "--yeah, that Banksy."
"Wait a moment," said Tony.
Tony cackled manically and tore out of the room in only a t-shirt.
this. Couldn't he feel how confused Steve was, how ashamed? He wasn't proud that some HYDRA myth was haunting him. No, he was terrified. Steve has had nightmares where the soldier tracked him down and killed him.
Steve grumbled something under his breath.
JARVIS dimmed the lights and opened the paneled wall to pull out the flatscreen.  Tony cuddled up to Steve. "...I had a nightmare that Vin Diesel also turned out to be an omega and that literally every Alpha I ever idolized was actually an omega.  That was months and months ago, when I first found out about you," said Tony after a moment. He looked over at Steve. "...hey, Steve? Before we start the movie... you said I could... take?  Do you mind? If I...?"
Steve's body didn't show any scars. Not a single one.  The serum had bumped up Steve's healing factors to a ridiculous degree.  But just because they couldn't see anything externally didn't mean there might not be something lingering below the surface...
"Tony.  Sit."
"Is it true you built a particle accelerator in your basement?"
"Yeah, you screwed up but so did I Tony. And royally. I lied to Peggy and I literally invited HYDRA to come get me to act out some idiotic revenge fantasy like a lunativ.  This isn't just on you; this is on me too.  Like you said.  It's us, now.  Not just me anymore."  The lapsed into silence.  "What's a tamale?"
Steve had been elevated to Karpov-worship levels of adoration and the soldier was dividing his time equally between trying to find the two of them.  Steve was actually quite easy; thanks to the media, the soldier could keep tabs on him easily. He was staying at the Allegria Hotel in Long Beach for the next week, according to the tabloids, though he could be expected to spend time in Manhattan with Stark.  The soldier had taken the liberty of sending along a few things to the hotel, but didn't bother trying to go there himself. According to the tabloids, there was a detail of six beta bodyguards that Steve was chummy with, and the soldier didn't want to hurt anyone Steve cared about, and also didn't give a shit about betas.
Tony smirked.  Malick looked sour that John inexplicably approved of Steve.
stickers?  Did Coulson ruin the twist of
It was common knowledge that Alphas got overly obsequious during pre-heats, while omegas got nest-focused.  Some more than others. A nest could be anything from a room to a bed to an elaborate shrine of blankets and papers.  Steve, at least, didn't seem like the destructive type, unlike Phil. If Tony had the where-with-all, he would have been thankful that Natasha peeled Clint out of the kitchen before he could decide the top of his fridge was a good nesting spot.
"Don't," warned Tony, a lot sharper than he meant to.  He didn't want anyone to act like this was a big deal.  He didn't want to give it any significance in his life.  Why was everyone so focused on a pregnancy they hadn't even known about?  Wasn't anyone upset that Steve had been
Hold music played through the room.
"98% of your guests have RSVP'd, 90% are coming. Music is sorted. Food is sorted. You have an appointment with the tailor tonight for a new suit-" Steve paused a moment to catch his breath. "And I booked Justin Hammer in for the 14th of June. 2089."
For some reason Steve had gone from manically happy to sad in a matter of seconds. Maybe it was because he couldn't get the box open. Yes. That must be it.
"Over forty omegas and betas walked out of that building. Because of you. That's making a lot of enemies," Brennan said.
Everyone looked over.  Tony was sitting in a chair too small for the armor.  He'd taken off the helmet and set it on the table, and was staring at it, his gaze distant.  His metal fingers drummed on the table.
Across the room, several pieces of armor shot toward him.  He ducked, nearly getting decapitated by the helmet; the front torso plate missed its mark entirely and slammed into the wall beside him.
Bucky listened to the exchange only half-understanding it.
He pumped himself in and out of Steve, always stopping just before forcing the knot in; if they knotted then they would be late for sure and he didn't feel like explaining that to Pepper or Aria.  It was so tempting to bury himself, to feel Steve's body grip him and hold him, but he didn't dare; he knew how much the interview mattered to Steve and wanted to behave so he could negotiate more quickies in the future.
omega," said Donner firmly.
Tony stuck out his leg, hitching up his pant leg and pointing his toe in a mocking pose, like a pin-up model.
Tony hopped off the car he was sitting on, finished the beer, and crumpled up the can.  "Steve, once all those kids walk out, then what? Do we like, pay for them to stay at a hotel or something?  I don't want to start adopts strays..."
"It's not like you haven't got the money to fund it," said Tiberius, gesturing around the lavish living room.  "Stark fancies himself a philanthropist. Let him put his money where his mouth is. I think it's a fantastic idea, if we can get the funding and the legal protection.  ...
The centerpiece of the room was a stainless steel table, harshly lit by a single, bare bulb.  He wasn't sure if he'd been unconscious, but he didn't really remember getting here.  He was sitting up, gripping the edge of the table.  Across from him there was a sink and there was a man on the phone by the sink.
how sensitive he is."
"You know..." Steve flopped down on the bed next to Tony. He pressed a kiss to his shoulder. "If you're, um... getting tired, there are toys we can use instead."
Are you
. And that man, Jarvis, who Tony had spoken so fondly about.  Hadn't Tony ad mused over his relationship with his father?  Everything had been confirmed in the most soothing way, a balm on decades of uncertainty. And then the proof destroyed. Fate was being so cruel to Tony Stark as of late.
"I need you to act natural," said Fury, slowly, calmly.  He pulled a phone from his pocket and checked it with a casualness that belief the situation they were in.  To an observer, he might have been checking a message or the time.  But Steve saw the quick dial.
"I was only following orders, Mr. Stark," said Rumlow patiently, easing off Tony.
Maria reached for him; Tony swatted her away.  He pinched the bridge of his nose and looked up, blinking the tears away, then took another long drink from the bottle for good measure.
The asset was kneeling to help Pietro.  It wasn't his primary objective but his friend was hurt and he couldn't just leave him here.
George began clapping but stopped when no one else joined in.
He turned and looked over Steve with a hum of approval.  Steve always dressed pretty smartly.  Forties sensibilities, he supposed.
"Do you think they're doing ok?" Aria murmured to Pepper as she settled back down with her coffee. "They look like they are."
"It's not a trio. Will people stop calling it that!" Aria huffed in frustration from where she was leaned in the doorway. She held her cigarette loosely between her fingers, a half-eaten burger in her hand.
omega.  Stark stole him and ruined my mark.  But I fixed it. I didn't force him!"
Steve shot straight up at the sound of a voice to see a woman in the doorway. A beta with brown hair and dark eyes. She looked a little stern, especially with the way she was looking at him.
"What the actual hell Sam? I was driving all day. And he's sick, he's not even a whole person...how could you even think that?"
"Steve, I'm going to go.  Tell me if you need anything.  Enjoy the rest of your honeymoon."  Natasha still sounded bitter; she hung up.  Tony noted that she still hadn't answered the question.  Interesting.  He was looking forward to reading her and Barton's files.  He felt like everyone in SHIELD was a thoroughly complex person, and Tony's insatiable curiosity was matched by his sense of satisfaction that came with accessing information he wasn't supposed to have access to in the first place.  They were all hiding things, secrets, and Tony was going to dig up every last one of them.  If it was stored on a database, it would be his.  SHIELD's system were actually pretty well guarded.  Hackable, but challenging, which is exactly what Tony liked best.
"Okay, yes, but that was different.  Jarvis was never like...
Not that he was thinking about the other mark at present; he was already gripping his own mark and was going to bite down as soon as Steve sheathed him.
?  The white-haired man in the car had said that to him, too.  Sergeant Barnes, he had said.  Another memory.  A field of tulips.  The weight of a rifle.  France.  1944.  Sergeant Barnes.
.  Pull yourself together.  We've got six people coming over within the hour to deal with this situation and I need you to at least have some
," growled Tony.
Tony settled back onto the bed, hands behind his head, watching Steve lovingly.  "You are good for me.  I love this.  This is amazing, Steve.
Steve changed the subject abruptly.
"I can't make it stop," Steve said after a moment, voice a touch softer. "I'm sorry."  He sighed and stared down at his feet. "I'll sit with you, if that will make you feel better. But if you try
"Jesus Christ, Tony!" exploded Clint.  A moment later, Tony heard him talking in the background.  "No, no, it's nothing, sorry... sorry, I was listening to a podcast, that's all..."  His voice came back on the line.  "You're going to get me in trouble!" he hissed.
Steve was unloading the fridge, clearly intent on making himself breakfast.
"I don't have the key," said Tony.
Steve reached out to touch his chest.  Tony's entire body stiffened and Tony's pulse and breathing both jumped.
He closed his eyes, not planning to nap, just to rest until they could get cleaned up.  It was easy to relax; the way Steve didn't ever press him, let him keep his secrets... he loved his omega for that.  It made sense, he guessed.  Steve had his own dark places; he was a war veteran, and he'd grown up in a time when violence and abuse toward omegas was normal, and he'd had the whole drowning-and-then-coming-back thing.  They each had their mental battle scars.  It made Tony feel safe, knowing that Steve understood and wouldn't push him.  After Afghanistan, that was one of the worst parts of sleeping around.  The women who tried to get him to "open up," who wanted him to talk to them, wanted to be special, have Tony Stark confide in them and seek comfort in them.  Tony had hated those women the most.  The closest he'd ever come to talking about what happened was with Pepper, who took his cues and never pushed.  But the topic had never really been broached.  They had maintained a level of professionalism that was so solid, Tony had never figured out how to crack through it completely.  With Steve, it was the opposite; ever since they'd bonded, Tony felt almost like Steve was an extension of himself.  The only reason he didn't share things with Steve was because he, personally, didn't want to think about them.  But if he'd been able to confront his demons on his own, he certainly would have felt comfortable sharing it with Steve.  Steve was rock solid, steady, unwavering.  A source of strength and comfort and understanding.  Bonding had created a vulnerability, yes, but in a way, it had also made Tony feel a lot more powerful.
you.  How
"Steve's drunk," said Aria pointedly.
This could be a test.
Steve was blushed terribly and suddenly very uncomfortable in a total different way as he had no idea what to do with himself. "You're so big." Maria smiled, wide eyed as she stared up at him. "Are you bigger, you know..."
"I just feel like I'm
The moment the suit was off Tony practically threw himself off the stage, landing hard onto the glass-and-concrete rubble of the abandoned promenade.  His brain was whirling with math: at six miles an hour (a light jog) he could get back to the hospital in twenty minutes, and if he ran, he could be there in less than fifteen.
It occurred to him, with a start, that that would include Steve.  But Steve couldn't possibly hide anything from Tony that would be worst or more traumatizing than finding out about his previous bond, right?  Tony dismissed the thought.  He'd read through Steve's files along with everyone's else, once he got his hands on them.
There was a smattering of applause, following by a series of frantic reporters holding up pens, hands, and microphones, trying to get Steve's attention to ask questions.  And despite the WSC's insistence that the conference not mention omega rights, and despite reassurances that the media had been screened and vetted and prepped, Steve was definitely hearing the words "omega rights movement" and "forced bonding" getting thrown out a lot.  Because that, naturally, was what people wanted to know about.
Tony spotted Pepper swish past in a gorgeous blue gown. "...would you get jealous if I danced with Pepper?" he asked curiously, pulling away to twirl Steve briefly.  Steve, despite his size, could be graceful under the right circumstances.
"Let's go," he said.
"I've always said exercise is stupid," said Tony wisely.  (Despite claiming to hate exercise, Tony was surprisingly active, though none of the sports he liked were ones Steve had never tried, such as kite surfing.)
Steve cried out at the low burn as Tony sank right into him. His back arced up in response, his forehead pressed to the sofa fabric as he focused on the sharp and thrilling pain of Tony's teeth stuck into his neck. Steve whined low in his throat and whimpered as Tony began to move.
"Hey, look at it this way, boss," said Happy from the driver's seat.  "If you lose a hundred IQ points, you'll still be smarter than the rest of us."
"Hi," Donner said weakly, gritting his teeth through the pain.
"Walnuts."
means? It means it's no one else's goddamn business! ...I mean, I still think he did the right thing by telling them; we couldn't have hidden it for long."
"Some public notary you are," said Aria with an affectionate roll of her eyes.
Tony was frozen, stock-still, desperate to find his omega, to try to fix things.  He felt Pepper's hand on his shoulder but he barely even registered it. His mind was elsewhere, searching for his omega, for the bond he knew was still there, for the man whose scent sang to him, for the stupid, courageous, hard-headed blond that was Tony's best friend and partner.  For the omega he was missing. For his other half.
in estrogen."
Tony picked up one of the bands and put it on the ring finger of his left hand, then opened and closed his hand like he was testing it out.  "...welp. It took me a year, but I'm finally gonna make an honest man outta you, Steve," said Tony glibly.
me down. You know what they did to him made me think our bond was
Steve was rather taken back by Tony's speech. He didn't know what to say for a moment. He sat there, stunned, as he stared at Tony. Steve blinked.
The rabbit gave him a pitying look and, in a flash, he was gone.
When Tony's teeth sank into his neck Steve felt a spark low in his belly. He grunted and squirmed and felt Tony getting hard on top of him. He felt his own body responding in kind. It felt different in a way he couldn't really describe or comprehend- but he could stomach it. It still felt
"Wait--" Clint whispered, his voice shaky. "Does this mean you found him at one of the camps...?"
"May I inquire as to the thing?"
DeSoto hummed again.
lawyer," said Lowenstein, sounding horrified.  "We'll take on his case, too."
Tony giggled softly as Steve swore.  Of course Steve swore, he always swore; he'd grown up in a poor neighborhood and he'd been in a damned war.  But in interviews his old-timey manners always came out, and the media played him up as having such a wholesome, "aw shucks" attitude that Tony couldn't help but laugh any time Steve swore in bed, which was nearly always.
"Something that will surprise me?" Steve suggested with a soft smile and pushed himself up onto his elbow so he could see Tony's face. "I don't know. I've never really done presents. I'm not very materialistic. I'd rather have a home-cooked meal than something flashy." It felt funny to say it, but it was true.
Tony's tongue on him felt almost too sensitive now and Steve squirmed even more under the touch as the other fulfilled his promise to clean him up.
"I'm not gonna mention status. Just gonna sing a song and then leave. And the song is a surprise," Steve added, a playful sort of glint in his eyes.
"Just please make it into bed by three Tony," Steve asked with a sigh, knowing it probably wouldn't happen.  The moment Wakanda had come up, he'd felt Tony's guilt in his gut. He stood and then leaned down to kiss Tony's cheek. Hopefully he'd finish the newest version of the suit soon; at least that would make him feel better.
"But you don't smoke anymore!" protested Pepper weakly as Tony rushed off.
strip. I'm just... I'm... I'm not good at being happy or having good relationships."  His mouth twitched. "Just ask Beth." He ducked his head, his fingers softly stroking Steve's skin.
He briefly thought back to the racetrack and how possessive Tony had gotten. Something stirred low in Steve's belly-- yeah, he liked that. He swallowed and sipped at his tea, realising he was almost blushing alone in his very own living room.
Tony had hopped up on the counter and closed his eyes, letting Steve shave him.  It was a wonderful sensation. He double-checked Steve's work in the mirror; his goatee looked perfectly straight and symmetrical.  He smiled approvingly and wiped off the extra shaving cream with a hand towel.  "...say what you will about the forties, Steve, but Gillette really upped its game during my century," he said as Steve went off to pick out Tony's outfit.
Steve wasn't shaking or anything like that. He looked perfectly calm. But there was a fire in his eyes.
"Tony Stark sledding? I didn't think I get so lucky," Steve murmured in a light, teasing whisper, smiling that Tony had remembered what he'd said. "I think...I think I'm good with some private time too, actually."
it take for you to leave him the hell alone?"
"...yeah," said Tony, very, very softly.  "...okay."
His head swam and he tried to remember.  He squeezed his eyes shut; red shapes bloomed and burst under his eyelids.  "Yes. Howard was there. He was..." The memory was hazy. The emotions bubbled up before the actual facts did.  Anger, betrayal... sadness. "He took my omega."
. Steve was far too preoccupied to care. He rocked his hips back in small, circular motions, encouraging Tony inside of him every time he slide in and made Steve's back arch up again. "T-Tony...Tony. Oh my God. F-Fuck. Alpha.
"I wanna go out to the beach after midnight," Steve murmured as he threaded their fingers together. "I've been cooped up too long and I miss the sea. You can join me, if you want," he offered as he headed down the steps.   "Oh, Sam fancies Rhodey, by the way," Steve told Tony as they stepped into the party area, knowing that would amuse him.
"...you're supposed to be
Malick and Pierce both looked overly interested and their gaze turned to Steve.
!  But maybe Donner is right. Maybe omegas don't like me and maybe I'm not... maybe I'm not the role model I think am. If I can't get through to one guy, then what's the point, you know? How can I save someone who doesn't even want to be saved, Tony?"
He heaved himself onto the platform.  "Okay, Jarv, let's suit up. I've gotta go to Cuba," he said.
He huffed a little and tugged Steve's hand, walking into the little conference room with the same feeling he often got when he was going into a board room and knew the profit margins were bad.
"He'll get it eventually," said the scientist behind him, confidently.  "...there! See?" The two were taking their clothes off. "Like I said, I could make two rocks--"
Steve could hear a distant "hey!" that was probably Clint, and then a clatter of something. Probably Clint again, throwing something at her. Turns out he could read her lips from where she was stood out in the garden.  ...the "Hawkeye" moniker made sense.
"...Matthew?"
Workshops? Was it like school? Steve didn't know if he could deal with lessons where he was taught how to be a 'good omega'. He'd probably rather die. But if he wanted to hang out with other omegas then maybe it was the way forward...
Steve suddenly keeled over; in an instant, Bucky was there, supporting him, holding him up.
Tony felt Steve's body shudder suddenly under him and he clenched around Tony, and Tony arched into him, knowing he'd found Steve's sweet spot.  He tasted a hint of blood; he was digging his teeth into Steve, his whole body tense and shaking, aching for release.  Tony was whimpering, his noises mixing with Steve's, their bodies pressed together deliciously.  "Ssshhffff," growled Tony into Steve's neck.  He wanted to say Steve's name, but he wasn't willing to let go of Steve's neck yet.
.  Tony's hand was stroking Steve's hair lightly, slowly, as soft as possible, not wanting to break the spell.
Pepper took a deep, shaky breath and nodded.  She could have guessed that. Howard Stark, as Tony had known him, was a stern no-nonsense businessman.  But by all accounts, as a younger man, he'd been much like Tony. Charming, friendly...
A pause.  Tony nodded, looking down at the egg on the floor.  He wiped his hand on his pants. "...yeah," he said quietly.  "...but that's not his fault. Me and him are okay."
It felt hard to believe that, hours ago, they'd been in an underground bunker, getting shot at.  Tony's estate was unchanged, the palm trees swaying idly and the peacocks and flamingos picked their way across the lawn.  In front of the house, there was a circular drive, and Tony spotted a silver sedan, a Lexus, that could only be Gleason's. (Tony consider the Lexus to be the poor man's Audi and refused to have one in his garage.)  There was also a light blue Prius and Tony winced a little. That would be Pepper, and he was guessing her reaction to their appearances wasn't going to be a delighted one.
"I'm sorry," he repeated.  "I'm sorry about your baby.  I didn't know. I didn't mean to."  A pause. "You're bonded?" A half-question, half-statement.
"...well maybe I wouldn't be a jerk if his hair weren't so stupid."
Steve was weakly clawing at him.  Tony took his hand gently in his gauntlet and Steve, who was already shivering, shuddered harder at the touch of the cold metal.  "You're okay... just relax. Come on, relax. It's over, we're going home right now, we completely the mission and everything, you did great... drink that water... in a few hours we'll be home, okay?  Just a little while longer..."
Steve laughed, not quite sure what to say. "Not as different as you might think..."
Banksy squealed.  "Shut
In front of them, the car had left; the man and girl had walked inside.
"I can't believe you're an omega," she said, shaking her head, and with that, she was swept away by the crowd.
"But his ex is still there," Mackenzie pointed out quietly. "And very much a threat."
!" barked Tony.
At some point the sergeants had managed to separate Tony and Gideon and were holding them away from each other at different ends of the room. McKenzie stepped forward to help Donner get Steve standing. It soon became evident he couldn't stand by himself. He tried to reach for the gun in McKenzie's belt and he would have got it too if the Colonel hadn't stepped forward, a hand on Steve's arm.
Aria was finishing off another cigarette by the hotel entrance when she saw Tony walking in, his sunglasses hiding all discernible emotion.
It struck Tony suddenly that Pepper might be onto something.  Maybe he
"But if I don't they'll think I'm in a goddamn triad!" Steve snapped, hands moving up to fist in his hair. He calmed almost instantly. "Sorry. Shit. David, I didn't-"
"Does that mean his heat won't last as long too?" Aria asked hopefully.  Gleason shrugged.
"...how long have you been there?" asked Tony.  The smell of heat and metal and gas was powerful, but under it, Tony was suddenly aware of the presence of both coffee and bacon.  He'd forgotten all about breakfast.  He glanced down at the half-finished chest plate in front of him.  "...sorry, I get hyper-focused sometimes," he explained.  "...you, uh... already know that, though.  ...from... spying on me."  Tony gave an embarrassed shrug and pulled the mask off his head entirely, tossing it aside.
"I'm getting-cutlery, yes.. be right back." He stammered forth, as he was making his very obvious retreat. If he thought he was making a very planed and calm exit, he could dream on, everyone knew what he acually was going to do. Except for Tony, it seemed.
"Every lock is opened except for 10 that i couldn't get open, you sure you can’t just call the suit and get us out of here?" He asked stated.
Natasha took very closely note of that.
Well, a good reason not to sleep was to spy for paparazzis, which he didn't. So it wasn't that odd when a lucky one got a picture of the iron man suit coming out of the entrance, carrying a sleeping Clint bridal style and taking of towards the tower.
"I'll show you funny," Ty says and then punches Tony straight in the stomach so that he collapses on the hard ground. He continues to kick him in the face and stomach for a while until he takes Tony by his collar and yanks him up again.
“And lastly, thank you Tony for giving me aids.” Into the nearest mic.
Bruce looked up from where he was stirring the curry and smiled at them.
And with that thought, he forced himself to get back into the real world. Where Sam, Thor and Tony stood arguing about pizza toppings. The aids-joke log forgotten.
"Ew, for fucks sake Barton, please don't ever compare me to someone you once fucked, ever." Tony said with a grimace.
"Oh fine, come in then- She said, and when Clint opened the door she was sat on her bed. A book payed beside her and she had her hair up in a messy bun. Looking very relaxed and welcoming, but Clint knew that somewhere in those sweatpants, a sharp knife was hidden and he would really rather not find out where.
Natasha sighted, what a fucking team she was a part of.
Clint and Tony just stared out into blank space for a second, before dissolving into laughter that made their eyes water. Sam soon followed and the three were rolling around on the floor laughing. Bruce was, once again, chocking on something. This time though, tea was the liquid thing that he needed to cough back up.
Back at the bunker/cave/whatever the hell it was, Clint, Thor and Natasha were done beating the shit out of the big and angry guards and were trying to get to the exit. That proved to be a bit trickier than expected, as every hallway looked the same and the stairs were sort of blocked by a big stone that apparantly had fell. It didn't help either of them that they didn't kown if their friend was alive or not.
"Uh, no, of course not, it's just a.. -" Tony came up empty, because he could've said it was a hickey but who had hickeys on the back of their arm? I mean yes, maybe, but don't worry it wasn't as hard as the other ones.. Or wait I didn't mean that! Just- ok, he may be a bit abusive. "
As always, kudos and comments always makes my day and i would really love it if you could leave something.
"Good, because if he did I would've- wait is that a bruise?"
Meanwhile back in the helicarrier, Bruce was pacing back and forth waiting on Steve to come barging in with Tony, the helicarrier wasn't that far away from the buliding that Tony and Clint was held in, but it was deep underground and not even the iron man signals could reach that far.
on them." Tony shot right back, tough it wasn't as snarky and sarcastic as it usually was. Well that's worrying.
"No, you don't, you're just in heat," said Natasha with practiced patience, shoving the folder and the box into Steve's hands.  "Rogers. Listen to me. Focus on me for a second. Some of the information in there is going to be tough to digest. There's a picture of his arm.  So just... prepare yourself before you open it, okay?" She tapped the box. "SHIELD doesn't know about this. Let's keep it that way. Clint? You ready to go?"
"Are you kidding me?!"
"....Jack," said Tony, snapping his fingers at Steve.
It was a little overwhelming to Steve, in all honesty. Banksy grabbed Steve as soon as they arrived and pulled him down onto a sofa, telling him Tiberius was very excited about the prospect of doing an ad. And Steve was too, truly… he just wasn't sure how they were going to sell it yet. He wanted to keep it sincere and simple; that was what was most important to him. Banksy didn't appear to be drinking. Maybe it was in solidarity for Steve, or he simply didn't. Steve didn't ask.
"Cameras!" Pepper said suddenly. "JARVIS, can you pull them all up?"
"Try and call Tony again."
"The likes of me?" Steve echoed, actually amused now. He was almost smiling.
," interrupted Tiberius.  "That's what the brochure said.  Only the absolute latest and greatest techniques.  Psychotherapy, hypnotherapy, hormone therapy... if you name a chemical, they probably injected it into someone.  And did you know they pioneered the modern arvicolinectomy?"
He took the long drive back home through the desert and along the beach, wanting to enjoy the view from his bike. The wind felt nice in his hair and he relished in the salty smell of the sea. When he got home Donner had ordered Chinese take-away for everyone. Aria told him about a guy she'd been on a date with. Within an hour Steve had forgotten all about the Tesseract and the way it
Tony felt an immediate sense of panic.  "No," he said too quickly, then, "I mean... I mean you guys already know what happened.  It was all over the news. I flipped out at Steve like an asshole, and he broke down and put himself in danger, and then he got force-bonded.  My bad."
"--and now we can make more, we don't need him anymore, we have the serum and we can produce an entire army.  Please, doctor, don't be so sentimental.  It's embarrassing."
?" asked DeSoto.  There was no bite to his words, no accusation.  He was only asking.
He had to be ready for the idea of Steve sometimes going away, sometimes risking his life. That was what Steve did. That was what he
"Alright, Captain," said Phil.  "...whenever you're ready." He nodded to Steve's boxers.  "...I should probably get the back of his neck, too," he murmured, mostly to himself.
Tony was paralyzed.  The camera was temporarily obscured by another man, his accent unmistakable.
"Yeah," said Rhodey, even though he had no idea why Banksy would be.
His other hand came over to pluck at Steve's shirt.  Steve's body had spasmed briefly against Tony's body and Tony's body was responding with enthusiasm, which was probably part of the reason Tony was having a hard time sorting out his feelings and his thoughts.
Steve watched, awestruck, as Dan marched away.  Had Tony just
"Hill, this isn't a good-" protested Steve as he hopped around Tony's walk-in closet, getting his sneakers on.
"...do people re-name omegas?" asked Tony suddenly.
"Snow?
"He's going to get himself killed," Pepper disagreed and a real kind of fear shone in her eyes. Steve held her gaze as he heard the cars whizzing off from the starting line.
"Stan, Stan, Stan," he said, shaking his head.  "Haven't you ever heard the phrase:
"I'm sorry sir," Lawrence said, sounding polite and deferential. "Who you referring to?"
Pepper watched Mackenzie devour the sandwich in no less than three bites. The edge of her mouth twitched. "I'm sorry, why are you here?"
"Kate...you should really get here now. We need an O doc and you're the only one on call right now."
Bucky clutched the remote to him, gazing adoringly at the television.
"And hey... Steve... don't worry about fixing everything immediately, okay?  You just got back. It takes time. Go slow," added Clint.
fighting in a war? You do know that sounds crazy?"
"I said I wanted to make it up to you," Steve murmured. "I meant that, you know."
. "I'm sorry. I am. But there's nothing I can do here. My hands are tied. Someone is protecting him; I don't know who. But he's completely forbidden from all WSC matters to do with you. And the restraining order is in place, I believe."
"Seriously, who is that?" demanded Tony, leaning on the counter, oblivious to his nudity.
Outside, in the hall, Tony was pacing frantically.  The hallway was lit up, too brightly, with industrial fluorescents, and it was ominously empty.
"God damn it, are you serious?" asked Tony angrily.  "We're just historically fucking awful, aren't we?"
"Oh, he's just an omega in heat, let him be."
The kids all craned for a look.
"Sure, absolutely, Cap," said Marcus, reaching up to slap him on the shoulder.  "You did great.  I promise, you'll look good, we'll make sure."
But then Steve felt fingers tugging in his hair and he lifted his head back above the water. "Was I doing something wrong?" he asked, sounding genuinely afraid that the answer would be
Donner actually looked hopeful.  He glanced at Steve, then at Banksy, as if asking silently if they were having another little slumber party.
"They sell the omegas they don't want. They have auctions. They sell them servants, prostitutes... human guinea pigs. They practice those awful surgeries on them and then use them so other omegas can practise, in these camps, and all of the omegas here are so brain-washed that none of them even see anything wrong with it...it's horrible."
Donner obediently opened the bottle of water and sipped it, still fighting back tears.  He wished there were some way he could contact Gideon and beg for his old life back. Giddy wasn't the best Alpha in the world but he wasn't the worst, either.  Donner had always felt useful, at least.
"Well, I shouldn't really tell you this but... the terminations are in his medical history," David said, if anything probably just to stop Steve hunting down the locations of four random babies.
to properly feel right now, or use his bond, that's..." Heartbreaking? Unbearable?
He wasn't sure how long he'd been in the room; the lights were on constantly and because he was underground there was no sense of time.  But it must have been a while because he was growing hungry and his mouth was growing increasingly dry.
"I don't know," Steve admitted after he belatedly realised Tony was talking about Bucky. "I felt stuff. I have no idea what he felt, however. We never talked about it, but I don't think he did." Or, it was easier for Steve to feel that way. If Bucky felt
"Remember.  Not one toe out of line," said Malick.
His legs curled around Tony, allowing him to sink in deeper as Steve was almost bent in half. He was flexible, he could do it. The serum had allowed him to push himself easily. He could even do the splits. Clint often told him he should do yoga but Steve wasn't sure all the sitting around and focusing on breathing was for him.
The soldier reached a hand out to touch the screen, heart aching.  "Stevie."
Tony managed to find a delicate balance of martinis.  One every fourteen minutes, specifically. Two and a half hours into dinner and he was feeling much,
"Great!  So that means you can bet him, right?  ...raise."
"It's actually pretty fascinating," said the other, who was pressed up against the glass to shine a penlight in the Winter Soldier's eyes.  He squinted reflexively but didn't move to get away from the light.
"Yeah," Steve offered a small smile. "I know. I'm sorry he's..."
"...maybe on your birthday," Steve conceded and smiled a little. "I forgot how pedantic you were about bed sheets. I almost missed it. But yeah... I think sleeping naked I can deal with. I forgot how hot I get in this goddamn house anyway.  And I want you to be happy."
smart.  ...Project Pegasus, Project Thor... back in 2005, Stark Industries helped out with project Artemis... the government has a real boner for mythology, doesn't it?"
Steve kept his movements quick and quiet, finding storerooms full of chemicals and dusty, archived files, but no actual personnel or labs yet. It was almost unnerving. And he had this great sense of the weight above of him, pressing down... they were god knows how far underground. Even the air felt different... like it was musty, old. Steve didn't like it. He'd spent too much time in bunkers in the forties to feel comfortable here.
"What time did you even get to bed last night? You look kinda beat." Whereas Steve had slept for almost twelve hours and he was feeling better than he had in weeks, actually.
"Har-har.  Seriously, just tell him you aren’t into him, don’t be a tease."  Tony checked his watch. "It's almost midnight. Excuse me while I go kiss my mate."
Yet he was also carrying a few folders and a red book in his other hand, and that made it seem like they
definitely didn't. I mean, my mom died, and I was sick, and... it was practical... and then we didn't really get a chance to talk much about it, after the serum, because there was a war going on. We had bigger priorities. What I have with Tony now- that's what I wanted out of Bucky but never had. Bucky didn't treat me like a person. Tony does. But now
"Look it up. It's trending on Twitter. #StandWithCap. People have made little badges that look like your shield. It's cute. They're wearing them to show their support, not just for you...you know, for what you're standing for."
Phil didn't ask any questions, waiting for Steve to explain what had happened.  It was a likely possibility that Steve had already been assaulted but he was going to let Steve volunteer that, not immediately begin prying.
, Dora, these are library books! You need your library card to use them!"
"I'm not just this great awesome guy Tony. That's not real. I'm just human. That's all I am. I've killed people as well as saved them...hell I've decapitated people with my shield more times than I've protected someone else with it," Steve said. "The media version of me isn't real. Just like it isn't of you. We've both done bad things, can't you see that?"
she's tweeting back at me?  I see how it is.  JARVIS, post a new tweet,
Gleason gestured to the cut on Steve's belly. "I hear that today hasn't been kind to you."
"Aww," said Tony with disappointment.
She shoved a suit into Tony's arms.  "Get dressed. You can have
Tony may have been drunk but a lifetime of dealing with the media had given him lightning-fast camera reflexes.  He was up in a second, smiling, arm around Steve, holding up his classic peace sign. A camera flashed.
"Yes, of course I'm happy with Tony... and that's all you're getting out of me."
Bucky stared into Steve's cell with the curiosity of a child watching an animal at the zoo.
"Tony's okay. I promise," Steve murmured. "But he's asleep right now and he needs it. So I'd rather not wake him."  He untangled their fingers and left the bedroom.  "But I'll get him to call you after breakfast," he assured her as he sank down onto his sofa, legs tucked under himself. "And you don't owe me an apology, really. Everyone thought I was dead, after all. So did I.  Beside, SHIELD put me there to be undercover, so I'll take it as a compliment that you didn't recognize--"
him? Yeah. That pissed Steve off.
"I like your chest," said Clint.
"Get him!"
!" barked Maria.
"The Senate actually agrees on something?  Stop the presses," said Tony.
He sweaty and naked and flushed all over. Goddammit.
Pepper had seen a lot of highs and a lot of lows, but nothing
The deluge of new information and emotions was exhausting.  He pressed closer to Steve. Sleep did seem like an appealing option.  He closed his eyes, still snuffling miserably, heart pounding. His fucking arm was missing, his fucking omega had some other guy's mark on him...
"--even though Edwin never even let go of the reins--"
"Obviously.  Drone at ten o'clock."
Pepper lowered the folder a little more, still shielding Tony's lower half.  "Hi Steve.  Tony said you want to start a very controversial charity."
lie to her for weeks?  Is that normally how you guys do it?"
"...so then I said, well,
He wiped his mouth with his napkin and set it on the table, indicating that their little dinner (well, dinner for Steve) was over.
She tossed the plate into the wastebasket by her desk.
"Gotcha," said Phil.  "Just making sure. I'm going to call the Stark household and let them know."  Something wasn't right. Phil hung up before Fury could ask any questions and called back.
Steve sighed, loudly. "What do you need us to do?"
"Bit of help?" called Tony, holding up a hand.  Christine lobbed the cue ball at him; he caught it and set it on the table, then went over to wrap an arm around Steve's waist.  He could feel Steve's sudden unrest in his gut.
Rhodey stepped through the front door to find a group of omegas (and Happy) on the sofa; he recognised Tiberius and immediately said. "Sorry, I'm interrupting something, aren't I?"
Judging by the sun it was probably already seven or so.  The party guests capable of leaving would be gone. Tony always expected a few stragglers to be passed out on his couches, though.  No doubt the SHIELD agents and Pepper and Aria would still be there. He wondered if they'd been missed but dismissed the idea and wrapped his arms around Steve's neck, burying his face into the other's skin.  He wanted a hot shower and a nap. He'd had weird dreams, dreams about shells and guns and fields of tulips, and he was certain that they weren't his; they'd left him feeling more tired than if he hadn't slept at all.
He slumped down in one of the corners of the drawing room, the corner nearest the fox. He reached out to it, his fingertips tracing over the thick curve of its tail as a few tears escaped and slipped down his cheeks wordlessly.
"Yes, indeedy.  Our second, my third," said Harry.  "My wife's been ecstatic about it; she wanted another baby in the house for a while.  I'm absolutely
as Steve was flung off of the treadmill and against the wall. He groaned loudly and let his head fall back against the wall. "Aw, raspberries."
Below it was a another picture, one of his father and Jarvis grinning in front of Big Ben, arms around each other.  They looked playful, not a word Tony would have used to describe either of them.
Steve straightened up as he let out a soft sigh. He tried for a smile. "Come on," he murmured. "Water's getting cold."
"...find out if that division has any ties to New Mexico.  How's the press treating us today?"
"You did great," said Banksy.
"Fine," sulked Tony.
Gleason laughed.  "Oh, hush. This serum was in your mouth the first time you bit him, you know."
It occurred to Tony, suddenly, with horror, that Gideon had paid for their room and might have bugged it or something.  He froze a little. Oh, God, just imagine if Gideon knew he went down on Steve sometimes.
Alpha.  No wonder the history books had gotten it wrong; no sane person looking at this photo would guess he was am omega, not in a million years.
"Steve!" he remembered.  "Natasha.  Steve?"
"No, sir. Captain. I mean Captain," one of them blurted out, suddenly nervous.
"What were you hoping to accomplish, exactly?  You said you felt untouchable. Does that mean you didn't think you were in danger?  What was the goal you had in mind when you called HYDRA?"
"  He looked down, voice softening at the mention of Trickshot.  "Tricky was his first omega. He bought Tricky from some guy but Tricky was always trying to run away.  He was always fighting and stuff. He wasn't ever grateful even though my Alpha gave him everything. He complained all the time, didn't like him drinking, ran away every chance he got.  That's why he got me, originally, to try to keep Tricky in line. ...ha! That was a joke. Tricky was a better fighter than I ever was. And Tricky just didn't want to settle down. He had a brother that he got separated from and wanted to go find him.  Finally, 'bout two or three years ago, Alpha sold him off. Said he wasn't worth the trouble. Said he had littermate syndrome and wouldn't care about anything except going and finding his brother. Me, I'm an only child, so my Alpha never had to worry about that at all."  He traced mindless patterns into the carpet with one finger. "...the truth is, I liked Tricky. He was good company. When we weren't fighting, he was almost like a friend. He taught me sign language and sometimes we'd sign to each other at night so Alpha couldn't overhear us.  I was sad when he got let go but it's better for me. Now our bond's just us, and Tricky can't get me in trouble anymore. But I hope Tricky got a good Alpha."
Tony obediently drank the water.  Pepper pulled some wipes out of her purse and began cleaning off his hands, then moved to fix his tie.  Tony nursed the bottle of water sleepily.
It was a Tuesday morning when they dragged him out of bed earlier than usual.
"What, two bottles of wine?  That's nothing, Steve, c'mon, this is white wine, for cryin' out loud.  I'm eating food with it.  ...are you serious?"  Tony sulked a little.  He was pretty sure Steve was being over-dramatic.  Steve was someone who clearly had some issue with alcohol; he'd just ordered a mocktail unironically.
"I wouldn't leave you behind," replied Tony quietly.  "I just want you to know what sex feels like from the other end.  Me and you could have anyone in the world we wanted, you know. Any woman would be happy to have us."  He brushed a lock of Steve's hair from his face, then trailed a hand down the beaded chain around his neck, playing with the dogtags.  He liked the way they looked on Steve's broad chest. A reminder that he was a soldier. It was nice of Natasha to bring Steve his old tags; Tony had thought they were at the Smithsonian.
"Who, Sammy?  No, she's just drunk. She did this last year, too.  Stark parties are always open bar," said Tony, who seemed unconcerned with the number of unmoving bodies strewn around on the broken, dirty couches.
He could hear Steve whimpering as his cock massaged the other's prostate.
Tony looked at Steve.  He didn't really care what they did; he was looking forward to dinner and poker and, most of all, going home at night and taking off his collar.  Without touching it, he knew the skin on the back of his neck was swollen and inflamed; it itched and ached and he was ready to wax his hackles right off just to keep them from rising and digging into the skin over and over.
it!" yelled the man, dropping a used magazine and sliding behind the counter to reload.
"Kate's the only one at this hospital," said Dr. Martin, unfazed.  "I assure you, Mr. Stark, I understand your feelings completely right now.  It's natural to be protective after bonding.  I just want to make sure Captain Rogers is healing well."
"I want to see him, too," said the girl suddenly, eyes flashing.
When Malick looked up at him Steve thought he might be in for some kind of shit. But the man said nothing as Steve made his way up to Tony. "Are you alright?" he asked quietly, turning away from Gideon's gaze. He stared at the table. Why was Tony's collar on it? How strange. "What's going on?"
The elevator came to a stop and she got out, immediately entering the kitchen and connected living room off Clint's floor. The place was empty, which it usually was unless he was either sleeping, in his private shooting range or angry at the team for some reason which she absolutely had no idea of.
"WHAT THE FUCK? NO! THERE'S NO WAY I'M STICKING MY TOUNGE DOWN TONY'S THROAT JUST SO STEVE CAN PUNCH ME FOR TAKING HIS 'BOYFRIEND'!"
. Sure the building only had three floors but still, no elevator. After about one flight of stairs Tony legs and hamstrings decided to protest against that one fact and collapsed. If Steve hadn't had so fast reactions the Tony would be laying near the entrance with a few broken bones by now.
"Yeah, how long have you been down here for? Please tell me you have slept."
Clint didn't get much further as one of the guards were knocked out and flew into the wall just where Tony layed, Tony now looking more sweaty, cold and overall sicker. A blue, red and white shield flew into the second guy, not giving him a warning until it sliced
Tony wondered.  He had a sudden, vivid image of his father and Jarvis and he nearly threw up.
"What the hell, is this National Fuck-Up day?  Why would you sedate both of them at the same damn time?"
"Yes. Of course, I'll come with you but I don't think I'll have anything to really contribute." Steve would look sympathetic and support Tony. That was all he really could do.
Steve just asked him softly: "Are...are you okay?"
"Well, we can't give you a shower in the tepee," Pepper pointed out tentatively.
Steve spotted the Alpha that had been half glaring before as they headed into the parking lot. He was with a beta woman who was petite and at least half his age. He muttered something to his date who didn't reply. Steve unlocked the car (he had the fob thing down now) and winked at the man before he got into his seat. He took the car out a little quicker than he had to. Maybe he was showing off.
Tony wasn't an Alpha like Rhodey was.  Rhodey could casually speak to omegas in pre-heat or post-heat and barely even bat an eye.  But Tony had always been hedonistic and used to indulging himself and the taste of Steve's skin... being so close to him...
The map on the wall.  It had the blueprints for the school, everything neatly labeled, right down to janitors' closets.  And the map had included the grounds, included the playground and tennis courts... but not that small little building over there.
"I'm not with any project, I'm--"
"What's
"Well, it took me forty years to figure it out," said Tony generously.  "Don't want to rush a thing like bonding."
"SHIELD has some of the most elite military doctors on staff," replied Richards.
their fight on New Year's, Tony couldn't remember mating as fierce and satisfying as that.
It had been two years since the incident.  During Steve's weeks as Tony's PA, he'd grown used to seeing this, the sudden out-of-the-blue moods that gripped Tony.  He almost definitely had PTSD; he had nightmares, flashbacks, and periodic moments of crippling guilt.  Steve had heard Yinsen's name before but Tony had never clarified who he was. Steve gathered he was another prisoner and that was about it.
Part of him wanted to reach out to run a hand through Tony's hair and take hold, but he didn't want to in case...in case...he didn't want to trigger Tony. It was partly why the other on his knees slightly unnerved Steve. He was almost...scared that this might bring unwanted memories to the foreground. That would never be his intention. Ever. So he didn't dare touch, just in case.
In any case, Phil was mostly right.  Over the day, he received a series of texts and calls from various members of SHIELD, most of whom wanted to reassure him that they felt Malick should be off the WSC and that that, at least all personally, knew perfectly well that Steve was innocent and had been unfairly accused.
A young boy, about eight, had appeared silently beside Clint.  He stared at Steve with unwavering curiosity. He had chocolate-brown eyes and brown hair, and was wearing a red shirt.  Why the hell there was a kid present was beyond Steve.
omega when he spends the whole night canoodling with other women," Steve huffed.
and that thought alone was chilling. The fact that Steve had ended up where he was... it was a goddamn miracle. "Most of my peers weren't."
kind of thing, right?" asked Steve, brow crinkling with concern.
"Did Mr. Stark offer Mr. Bennett the money?" asked Donner in a small voice.
to be held, that there was some sort of weird distance between them and that there had been for a while.
"I'm from
He came in too fast and made an awkward, stumbling landing onto a balcony.  He knocked on the door.
Unaware of the tiny drama occurring between Hammer and his PA, Tony managed to ditch Steve and down four drinks in the first fifteen minutes.  He mentally congratulated himself and slipped off to the bathroom.  The drinks had helped take the edge off, and Tony was certain that he'd misread the analyzer earlier in the morning.  19%?  Probably 9%.  It would be easy to think he'd seen a 1.  A 1 was just a straight line, after all.
Tony gaped at him, all too aware of how lucky they were that Donner was with George.  He knew exactly who was behind this.
"...that guy called me an acer," he snarled.
"I'll let the Colonel know he's down here," said the man in the uniform, nodding to the soldier as he closed the door.
The little salute made Steve roll his eyes fondly. He let Tony push him back, his head landing in the ridiculous amount of pillows. He parted his legs for Tony and smiled. "Spread how far?" He was teasing him, one hand moving down to run through Tony's hair. "Because I learned yesterday the serum made me pretty flexible." He'd known before that he could do the splits, but that was about all he'd been aware of. They didn't have stuff like yoga around back in the forties, especially out in a war zone.
"--what?" asked Tony.
He liked to draw people best when they didn't know they were being drawn. Steve used to draw Bucky and Peggy and the Howling commandos when they weren't looking. Steve hoped they found his old sketchbooks back at camp. He liked to think he left something personal behind. All the history around him so vague and often incorrect. Maybe he should email the Smithsonian or something.
"He's here with Tony Stark?!"
Tony twisted in the water with a splash, accidentally swallowing some and going into a fit of coughing.  He dragged himself to the side of the pool, still sputtering.
stay, c'mon, Pepper, I didn't even get Jeanette's digits--"
Gleason reached over and plunged the needle into Steve's arm.
"I'm going to fuck Captain America," murmured Tony softly, leaning down to nuzzle his neck.  He reached around Steve to pull down his shorts, only just enough to let his cock spring out and to reveal his ass.  Tony slid his shaft between Steve's legs; Steve left a trail of slick on his member. Tony laid his head on Steve's back, rubbing himself between Steve's legs teasingly, arms wrapping around his waist.  "Captain fucking America. Oh my God,” said Tony. He let out a breathy laugh and let go of Steve, briefly, with one hand, just to move aside the cloth from his neck, to reveal his mark.
"What am I gonna do, Phil?"
Tony wasn't hungry anymore.
He felt a sudden lump form in his throat.  Yeah, mood swings. Fucking hell.
Tony had long suspected that this would be a shitty conversation, because he knew that Steve liked kids.  He'd seen Steve's face when the Walkers had handed him the baby. He knew how omegas were.
.  At some point, the weird modern architecture of Tony's Malibu cliffside mansion had stopped looking alien to him.  Steve felt like he belonged there.
"Well, that's what phones are for.  Come on, Tony.  You won't even notice I'm gone.  You'll be with Steve, and you two will have a
When Tony woke up, it was to an alarm on his phone, and he sat up groggily, fumbling for it.
Y'know, for your charity?  People are stupid, they'd probably pay a ton of money for these, since they were owned by us.  Think about it.  On our one-year anniversary... yeah, people would go crazy, we could probably sell them for like ten thousand a pop.  Seriously.  They're historically significant.  Y'know, since it's
Natasha arrived before Sam and Tony did.  Her hackles were up and she was oozing with adrenaline; one of the scientists, an older man, had already put his hands on his head in a gesture of surrender.  The other three, however, plunged their hands into their pockets and put something in their mouths.
Phil had been the last one to leave the room and he winced at Brennan's yell through the door.  He looked back to the hall, turning his attention toward several sheepish-lookig agents and a very feral Tony still growing at Maria. He sighed and leaned against the  door. Nick remained unreadable as ever. They briefly locked gazes.
"Tony, no."
American
"Yes, you are.  Make it my Christmas present.  Oh, please, Bozzy, come on, just once--"
in the house and he'd had no goddamn idea.
Tony poured himself a glass of champagne; he was sweating.
Tony hadn't given Steve much warning; a piece on the desk suddenly lit up and shot across the room like a rocket.
"The poker game always gets heated so we go in and break it up," explained Hal.  "You know how competitive Aces are. Besides, it's better to stop it before the stakes get too high.  Last year I think Donner got traded for an entire week... HEY! DONNER! HOW MANY NIGHTS WAS IT, LAST YEAR?"
"Tag me in that!" said the other girl on the counter, jumping into the photo and throwing up a pair of bunny ears like Tony always did.
"Steve?"
"I'm not going
"Where's the base?  Here in America, or is it somewhere more sinister?  I'm picturing an active volcano island somewhere in the Pacific," said Tony.  He eyeballed Steve. Steve was wearing a sleek, formed-fitted shirt. It contoured to his body.  Might as well have been painted on. So
"Fine. Okay, but I'm helping you walk. Jesus Christ, Tony," Steve sighed, and moved to stand up himself with a slight wobble. Natasha reached out briefly but didn't touch as he steadied himself. He understood that this was a point of pride for Tony but it was still frustrating as hell to see him willing to hurt himself to just for the sake of it. The picture most papers were using was the one from ER. It made sense. It was good quality, powerful and moving, and it fit a familiar narrative, that of a powerful Alpha protecting his omega. The picture alone made it clear that Tony had saved him, and was his Alpha, and was tough as nails... but that apparently wasn't enough.
, Steve thought grimly.
"These three gals are our fearless leaders!" exclaimed Banksy happily.  "Really, we can not
With a deep breath to steady himself, he winced and pulled out the arc reactor with a loud snap of metal on metal.  Holding it delicately in one hand, careful not to tug on the wires, he dug two fingers into his chest and swiped out a blob of yellow-brown goo with a hiss.  He flicked it to the floor, nose wrinkling; the smell was something between rancid meat and singed metal.  "That
"This--" His voice cracked as he spoke. "This has been the hardest day of my life."
Sam and Tony loped easily down the hall together.
"I can't give out your medical information to anyone but you unless you give permission," said David.
"...see how I'm not leaning in for a kiss right now?" joked Tony weakly, pouring a few shots of vodka into his orange juice.
?  What the hell kind of charity, exactly?  So far, this conference looked like any other fancy conference Tony had ever been to and he was having trouble feeling especially offended.
?"  He didn't know where it was from but it stopped him, and he felt like he was on the cusp of remembering something, something important.
He'd seen the news. Aria had been sending him articles she thought he might be interested in. He wasn't. Steve wasn't going to talk about it. Once they went to the Alpha conference everything would become blindingly clear. Besides, he was sick of having to defend himself to the rest of the world.
Tony picked up the coffee and sipped, then, suddenly, in the dying dusk light, caught a glimpse of himself reflected in the window.  He had to do a double-take. Was that him? With the unruly hair and the glasses and the lines on his face? Putting aside that he was starting to resemble his father, he was suddenly aware he no longer looked young.  For some reason, he thought of himself and Steve as both being in their twenties. Late twenties, maybe even early thirties. But no. He was clearly middle-aged. And when he looked at Steve, he suddenly realized how youthful Steve looked.  Steve had that eager look of a young soldier and suddenly all Tony could think about was those baby-faced kids in that Humvee, asking him about whether it was true he had gotten the newest Bugatti Veyron a year before its release (yes), whether it was true he'd slept with all of Maxim's cover models in the last year (he'd only missed one), whether it was true that he and Astro Teller had had a wild night in Cincinnati and blown over two million dollars (kind of, though the lion's share of that money had been Tony's, not Astro's).
"I want syrup," announced Cooper.
"I don't wanna talk about it," Steve said instantly. "I don't even wanna
The grenade smacked into the ground and then hissed loudly, engulfing all eight men in a cloud of grey that put London's fog to shame. Steve was up on his feet in seconds, the goggles allowing him to see through it better then they could at least.  It was still fairly opaque and he relied on his super-hearing to navigate more than his sight. The speed at which he appeared at the other side of the street was alarming. (If Steve wanted to, he was capable of breaking multiple world records, though many organizations had ruled him ineligible, since the serum was technically a performance-enhancing drug).
arranged.
His bedroom was also littered in art supplies; one of his first personal purchases was an easel which was propped up by the window. He'd drawn the cityscape view many a time and he didn't think it was possible to tire of it. Of course, there were drawings of Tony in there among the mix. Why not?  Tony was of interest to him; Tony was also the subject he'd been spending the most time around over the last few weeks.
Bucky frowned when Steve told him not to engage and then said they weren't mating.  What the hell? How dare Steve, an omega, give
?" Bucky scanned the street. He was going to have to steal a car; it would be faster to get to Steve that way and the clock was ticking, Steve was in danger...
He and Wanda exchanged a look.  They had discussed, briefly, what the hell to do with Barnes.  He had taken the two of them to a motel and now the three were together.  Wanda and Pietro agreed they couldn't go back to HYDRA. They had gotten what they needed.  They knew Wanda could access Stark through Barnes, which was good enough for them. Besides, they both thought it was dangerous for them to stay any longer.  HYDRA's treatment of omegas, their inducing of a heat, and their casual treatment of people as pieces of equipment made both of them wary, mostly on Pietro's behalf.  But they had worried that having Bucky with them was a liability; Bucky sometimes acted like a child. Except he was a child in a man's body and had an arm capable of crushing other men's skulls.  He was unstable and dangerous. But he was their only chance to get to Stark and besides, they felt sorry for him.
In comparison to Steve, Tony seemed entirely at home backstage amid the bright lights and too many mirrors and swirling activity.  Pepper leaned her elbows onto the armrest while Tony tilted his head back, eyes closed, letting someone fuss with his hair.
Pepper reached out and grabbed a wrench off one of the tables.
On the third day Steve woke up with Tony inside of him, their sticky bodies pressed together on equally gross sheets. And fuck, he really needed a piss. With a little wiggle Steve slipped off him, kissing Tony's cheek at his noise of protest before he reached for the light switch. The blackout curtains meant it was always very dark in their bedroom. But Steve knew the layout well and wobbled into the bathroom easily before reaching for the light switch--
"Tony thought of it," Steve said, sounding proud as he reached for his hand under the table.
Pietro glared down at Tony and there was no mercy in his eyes.  He side-stepped Steve easily.
Tony tried to shake her out of his head, changing the topic as he held out his key fob, unlocking the Aston Martin with a chirp.  "So.  Steve.  What's on the agenda for today?  What's a typical SHIELD agent get up to?  X-Files-type stuff, right, aliens, killer robots..."  Steve looked confused.  "...The X-Files was a show with two agents named Mulder and Scully who debated over the existence of aliens despite investigating paranormal stuff every week, most of which turned out to be aliens," explained Tony.  "That's probably another thing you should Google when you have the time..."
Tony picked at the Styrofoam a little harder, trying to wrap up what he was saying.  "So what I'm saying... is that... it... affected me... a lot..." Tony's brow furrowed as he concentrated on the cup.  "...but... now that... he rebonded you... it's like... like... I don't even care because... I'm just so...
"You do know I've always been a little shit, right?" Steve breathed and he almost smiled. But then his expression became more serious again. "And I'm not trying to undermine you. That's never my intention. I'm impulsive. I'm good at acting without thinking about the consequences... well, that's what Peg says, anyway." He sighed softly and let his eyes slip shut for a moment.
"Can't help it if it follows me around," Steve mumbled and Peggy laughed. It was a sweet sound.
"You gonna go see him?" Natasha asked, waiting for Steve by his bike in the garage. She knew it was his only way home. She was leaning against it casually, arms crossed over her chest but her expression exposed her worry. "Be careful, Steve. He's in a bad way."
Tony's brain, usually quick to comprehend, took several seconds to appreciate what Joey and Steve were talking about.
"Didn't you see the last interview?" said Malick.
.  You don't have to talk to him.  You don't have to look him in the eye.  But you made a commitment as his Alpha to protect him and he might need you right now.  So suit up and go find him."
Eight men. Child's play.
...but it probably would be okay to at least tell him the general area they were in.  After all, Steve had already seen it, coming out of the plane, that was no different than telling him the weather, right?
Tony's mouth twitched.  "Well... well, you're easy to get off.  Sensitive," he said. He glanced down; Steve was blushing.  It was cute.
The room was dark. The sound of the fan consistently beat from the ceiling and light from the streets outside filtered in through the open window. It was warm but Steve didn't care, even with the bad hospital air conditioning.
"Well," Gideon said after a moment, gesturing impatiently to Steve. "Give him the key."
Tony's mind sluggishly tried to remember.
The witch rushed forward, a hand on his forehead. She cursed under her breath.
"Yes. It essentially is," Gleason hummed. "If you have your heat together you will end up conceiving. Some couples spend their heats apart to try and avoid it but I wouldn't recommend it, it's not very good for your body or your mental health. But then, neither would getting pregnant twice or three times a year and getting terminations consequently."
"But you did," said Tony.
Behind him, Natasha was still tending Steve; she was rubbing his back while he gathered himself up, gagging occasionally.
"What'd you know about my brother?  Is he at a camp? Is he okay?" demanded Trickshot.  His face softened just a fraction. "Hawkeye is a good guy.  Is he safe?"
or get
Having someone as wholesome as Captain America tell you that you were a good person, having someone like Steve actually be okay with touching your scarred body... that made Tony feel a lot better about himself.
"--Afghanistan," said Tony, gaze distant.  "Excuse me a moment." He pulled away to go find an omega waiter and order another drink.
Donner panted.
about him.
"Stop being modest and just call Clint back," Aria told him and handed him with phone. Steve sighed with a tired smile. He leaned over to kiss Tony's forward and then went into the bedroom cabin at the back to call him back.
And then he was going to goddamn kill them.
Tony clamored out with Judy and Steve; following them in the truck was Lawrence and two other officers.
"I'll see it," said Tony, tossing in some chips.
And Steve meant it. The last thing he wanted was for Tony to feel isolated over this.
.  The nurse was a beta and was clearly unbothered by it.  Tony's body twitched a little in his sleep but he didn't wake.
"This girl and boy. The girl...I think they called her a witch. And the boy, an omega, was very,
!" exclaimed Tony.
Tony up-ended the bottle of wine, settling down against the pillows.  In the last year, Tony's usual spread-eagle sleeping habits had altered slightly; he automatically lay on the left side of the bed, with Steve on his right.  The night before, he'd slept like that, with half the bed neatly made and empty, a shrine to Steve. Pepper had glanced in on him and that in that single moment she had seen the bond more clearly than she had at any other point in the last year.  Tony was curled up on his half of the bed, the other half barren, and one of Tony's hands was stretched out for Steve's nonexistent form.
"Tony!  Tony, I need you to come in
. He was shaking in Tony's arms. The confident man who'd been talking about Alphas and collars and public heat hostels was gone. With every passing minute Steve appeared to be withdrawing into himself, tucking his face against Tony's neck.
"What happened to
omega, it looked perfectly normal.
"Did you seriously just say fud--
"I'd like to run a few more tests to make sure," the doctor was saying, hooking a finger into his mouth and opening it.  "But I think you'll be pleasantly surprised.  No real lasting damage.  He'll be ready for you within the week."  He peered into his mouth, then turned away, still on the phone.  They were talking about arranging payment.
Steve and Pepper both began making noises of protest, but they were drowned out by several caterers pushing past them to make way for Natasha, Clint and Sam to walk into the room.  The caterers looked understandably alarmed; all three were in black tactical gear. "Sorry we're late. Mission overran," Nat said as she walked up to the countertop and placed down a vase of roses. "A present for the happy couple." If anyone noticed the odd bullet hole in the rose petals no one commented on it. "How was your first heat?"
He turned around to Tony's and his tent to find--
"I want to wait until after my performance review."
Tony rolled off Steve, shedding his clothes and tugging at Steve's.  X always made him want to get naked. Not that he ever needed much encouragement.
"You're like,
"I love you ," Steve whispered to Tony, eyes moving from the pin to Tony's face, and something warmed in his chest. He exhaled. He could do this. He had fought Nazis in the war. This was a piece of cake.
Doctors muttered around him. "It would make sense," said a female doctor. "If the captain had gone into heat. The soldier's temperature is raised and even if he can't feel it anymore, he's..." she gestured at Bucky. Or the man that Bucky once was. "It would make sense," she repeated.
me," hissed Tony, stepping forward again.  Steve wasn't backing down, was still maintaining eye contact.  "You didn't
"I was sent to kill her, actually," said Clint.
all of a sudden. He felt hot. His knees trembled a little. "T-Tony...?"
Tony set down his razor and rubbed his face, wanting a nap.  The drive from the SHIELD base to home hadn't been too bad; Happy had filled a lot of the silence, chatting pleasantly with Steve.  The hardest part had been when they came to the house. There was a crowd outside the gates of Stark mansion, so many that they spilled onto the PCH and had caused a pretty bad traffic jam.  The crowd was probably three-quarters reporters, wielding cameras and microphones. The other twenty-five percent were supporters. Some had opted for a pleasant "WELCOME BACK, CAP!" message, or "WE
. Yeah, Howard had aged well. But the Howard Steve had left behind had been smooth skinned and handsome. He hadn't had wrinkles and greying hair. His voice had even sounded nicer. Or maybe Steve was just romanticising the past again. He was still distinctively
Happy drove them home; by the time they reached Malibu, it was nearly dawn.  They were greeted with an unpleasant surprise; there was a small SWAT team on their lawn, at least a dozen policemen, and several men in suits.
Steve let Tony take his hand and lead the way, arriving at one of the many tables laden with food. The spread was impressive but Steve was trying his best to be polite and not devour it all.
"I'm sorry I played a part in your shitty childhood Tony, even though I wasn't around." His tone was sincere. He meant it.  "I woke up about four months ago. All of my friends were dead or dying, I didn't know or understand anything. They trained me up best they could and then they offered me this. Howard's son? I thought it might make things easier, being around something linked to my past. But it didn't because you're not really anything like him." Steve paused for a moment. "They asked me to send diagrams of your designs. I didn't. I just wrote my report. I know I betrayed your trust and I violated your privacy but I never hurt Stark industries, or sold out your suit designs, or compromised the people around you. And you can read the report I wrote yourself; I actually emailed it to you. But you never check your emails, so..."
Steve answered Natasha and put her on loud speaker.
"Yeah, it was badass," said Natasha.  "Most people's first run is the worst.  Clint did like three practice runs before--"
consider wearing a collar for you, in private. So long as it didn't look tacky. That rose gold one looked awful."
"Don't try and defend him Natasha," Steve said firmly. "You're better than that." The Alpha went quiet. "But...going out sounds nice," Steve murmured, accepting the offered olive branch with a softness in his voice and an almost nervous twist in his belly. "I'd like that."
But there was something else in his chest.  Was that... arousal? Oh.
"Can you...can you hear-"
Steve curled into Tony's touch on instinct. Aria still looked concerned behind the couch. Steve's gaze was distant, like it truly was focusing on nothing. In Steve's head everything was dark, greyish in colour. There was a blurriness to everything but he couldn't really
attractive.  All those old-timey, grainy photos in the history books don't do you justice."
Steve sighed and leaned his head in his hands.
Tony grinned and walked over to offer him a hand.  "Yeah.  We are.  It's the future, Steve.  We can do anything we want to.  Now come to bed."
" he whispered and then he stepped back, letting them take Bucky to put him into the back of the SUV.
"Steve, drink some tea," he murmured, giving Steve's limp body a shake.  Steve was out cold.
Suddenly, a memory.
Thousands of miles away, Pietro's attention was fixed on Bucky, while Bucky's was fixed on the television.  On the morning news, three hosts were discussing Steve. All three were Alphas (though an omega had made a brief, silent appearance earlier to refill their coffee mugs) and they were talking about how disgraceful it was for Steve to be wontonly bonding and encouraging sexual promiscuity among omegas.  He was, they said, a bad influence. Bucky's hair was bristling at the way they clucked their tongues; how dare they insult his omega.
Pepper stormed after him.  Barred from the garage, his normal go-to sanctuary, Tony was heading for his second-favorite hole, the second-floor lounge.  He entered, but it reeked like Steve; this was where they had nested on the sofa.
His stomach was twisting even worse.  He didn't know.  Oh God.  Why didn't he know?  In rare moments of questioning, he would sometimes realize, horrified, that he didn't remember his own name or his mother's face or where he'd been born or what year it was, and he would panic.  Those panics inevitably led him to the chair.
He shook it automatically.  Everything felt surreal and dreamlike.  Steve was conspicuously absent.  Tony wished he were there, ached for him, but didn't dare ask, because he wasn't sure whether he and Steve were really bonded or not.  Steve had said they weren't.  Steve had been assigned to him. Steve had reached for his hand and he'd been unable to grab it.
Fury raised the eyebrow over his good eye, as if daring Steve to challenge him on any of these points.
"--six and three-quarter inches," finished Tony as Steve was strolling over.  He wrapped an arm around Steve's toweled waist, pulling him close and bumping hips with him.  He was above average for a beta and solidly in the "average" range for an Alpha.  This was one of the few statistics he knew about himself; he couldn't have named his pants size or blood type if his life depended on it.
did you say his last name was?"
"It wasn't
He had no idea how to work his espresso machine; he'd always had the PA get him his coffee.  Instead, he opened the fridge and grabbed a bottle of kombucha.  He shook it up and opened it over the sink to keep it from bubbling all over the place.  Steve wasn't the only one who could be healthy.
Steve lifted up his phone with some struggle and blinked at the screen. "It says blue pill? I think you have to give me medicine, Tony," he murmured.
The omega ignored him.
... very funny!"
"Oo.  Let's eavesdrop," said Tony immediately, curious.  He climbed to his feet painfully, stripping off the sleeve of wires, looking down at the metal glove twitching on the floor.  The casing of the RT node in the palm had broken on impact.  He'd need to find a way to secure that.
Happy and Pepper both knew "a sec" in Tony-language meant "thirty minutes to three hours."  Pepper gave Steve a little nod; Tony had never asked anyone to come with him before. Aside from Obadiah and Jarvis, Tony always did this particular ritual alone.
The doctor's beeper went off and he checked it, then got up suddenly.  "Excuse me." He practically bolted from the room, nearly knocking Donner's coffee out of his hand.
"--Steve, Stone and Germaine want to meet with you ASAP.  Germaine's available January third and Stone can do the thirtieth," said Aria briskly.  "If you're interested. SA has been getting a lot of attention since McDavid's appearance with you on Banksy and Boswell, so it might be worth meeting them to discuss the gala."
Tony sighed a little.  "I feel like all I ever do is try to make up for mistakes I didn't even know I was making.  Same thing with the whole weapons thing."  He stopped abruptly, as if he'd just remembered Wakanda all over again.  "...can I do you now? I seriously hate talking about this stuff.  I'm just making myself depressed."
"I think so," said Tony.  He didn't bother to correct her; he
"Steve, I'm always drunk.  It's the
He was blushing, definitely. Steve could feel how hot his cheeks were. And all the alcohol wasn't helping with that, either.
The boy stared at Tony, gooey-eyed, with clear fascination and curiosity.  "Mr. Stark!  Hi!  I'm a big fan, I went to your Expo and--"
"Hey," he said softly. "We don't have to talk. We can just lie here, if you want. You wanna do that?"
Tony had long since begun to wear his smugness and intellect as a suit of armor.  He was proud of Steve's excellent description of it.
After about ten minutes Tony softened inside of him. Steve sat up and pulled away with a quiet whine, neither a pleased nor happy sound. He leaned over to steal a quick kiss before slipping back down onto the floor, offering Tony to help him find his footing too. "I'm gonna need to shower before we go," he said with a gentle laugh as he looked down at himself. It wasn't just the run; he was now messy from both his and Tony's release.
"Steve?"
"Right, yes. Of course," Steve said, not entirely sure how to reply to that.
"I don't care," snapped Steve.  "I know it's hard because you're an Alpha and you grew up with a more traditional upbringing and a lot of really strong Alphas in your life, and I don't expect you to just push away all those anxieties Tony. I'm not expecting it to happen in an instant.  I'm just asking you to think about this logically instead of with your instincts." Steve sighed. "And you can have the shirt, but I'm not taking it off."
But Pitbull turned out to be an Alpha, not an omega.  He was a white, bald-headed man whose dominance was on equal footing with Tony's.
When he got in he could hear the shower going upstairs. Steve certainly needed one himself. He took the steps two at a time, still buzzing from his run as he stepped into their bedroom. He wasn't sure what mood he'd find Tony. There was no emotion so extreme that was pushing through into Steve's conscience, but that didn't mean Tony was necessarily feeling better than he was. Steve hadn't actually seen him awake for over twelve hours, since he left for yoga with Aria. He just certainly hoped the other wasn't going to use any drugs again today... Steve wasn't sure he could really deal with that.
," he finished.  "The-- the head of WORC is in there and-- and--
seen Fury mad?  Not like this.  We both came back with frostbite, half-starved, and Clint's bite infected... I thought they were going to put us both out in front of a firing squad.  Ever heard an omega growl?  Barton and Fury were about ready to rip each other's heads off when he dragged me back home."  She put a hand over her mouth to hide her smile; after composing herself, she looked at Steve.  "You're welcome, by the way.  Barton and I pretty much guaranteed bonding is a protected institution.  At least within SHIELD, anyway.  After they pardoned us, your and Stark's bond was pretty much a cake walk."
The statement hung in the air awkwardly. No one knew what to say and Donner wasn't saying anything.
"You're shutting off from me. Please don't do that. I came back because I wanna talk Tony. I want to make things okay. And they're not right, I can feel it," he whispered. "Please don't compare yourself to him. He thinks it's the forties. He tried to kill Fury. Please. He's living in the past but you're
you wanted it, did he?" asked Tony, suddenly worried Phil might know what they were going to do.
Tony watched Steve for a few moments, then, reluctantly, gestured toward a shoebox on the floor.  "There's more," he said.  He'd been sorting it out slowly, the war memorabilia from the notes from the personal stuff.  There were photos and letters, a patch in the shape of a wing, the Commandos' insignia.
He had a thick folder under one arm.  Tony wasn't just here to make a point.  Tony wasn't a guy who liked making points.  Tony was a guy who liked taking actions. As far as he was concerned, theirs was an intelligence-gathering mission.
Natasha took the opportunity to jab a needle into his neck.
With every word Tony said Steve seemed to get increasingly upset and curl in on himself, looking small in a way that should surely be impossible. His hands were fisted in his dressing gown, he was in danger of tearing the fabric. He felt like he was teetering on a knife edge again but he wasn't even sure what was
doing here?"
"I need you to put me into contact with the best publicist you know."
One thing that he noticed, though.  The air had changed; Steve's smell was... not different, exactly.  Just less... powerful.  He realized, with a small hint of sadness, that their honeymoon was coming to an end.
"Steve could rip his easily," Aria hummed. "Welp. We can't sedate them. What now?"
Sitting on one of the plush loveseats in the lobby, Tony held Steve's hand in his and flipped through the program with his other, trying to feign interest. "I think we oughta just call it a day and maybe hit up one of the Jameson omegas, see if they wanna have a threesome," joked Tony weakly.
There was a familiar thump in the bedroom; Tony had probably just slid out of the bed and onto the floor.
There was a silhouette by the edge of the drive. Steve would recognise that shape anywhere.
"Tony." Steve reached for his Alpha's hand. "We should go..."
"I'm sorry?"
Steve was half conscious, half stuck in a dream. He felt hot all over and he was shaking. It wasn't a good or a bad shake but his hands wouldn't stay still. There was something heavy on top of him, no,
Dr. Gleason gave her a pitying look.  "We don't really sleep during heats."
"The stupid, swaggering bravado."
Tony moaned at the feeling of Steve's mouth of his fingers, sucking at his skin.  It occurred to him, with equal parts excitement and horror, that Steve would do pretty much anything he asked right now.  Steve was looked at him with a glazed, doe-eyed expression, wiggling his hips even though Tony was currently flaccid, jerking and arching and whimpering.  He'd already orgasmed twice and he was already partially hard again.
Steve had known chickenpox scars didn't look like that. But in the army a lot of people had scars, and you didn't press to know about them. Scars were personal, intimate. They came out in their own time.
He almost felt nervous when Tony demanded his underwear off. But he quickly reminded himself that he was sort of designed to look, like perfect? So there wasn't really a reason for him to feel self-conscious. But a part of Steve would always feel like that skinny guy from Brooklyn, no matter what. But his self-consciousness didn't last long because once he'd fiddled his boxers off Tony was already biting his shoulder and that made Steve let out a moan. His blue eyes fluttered shut as he tilted his head back and settled back into his kneeling position.
"Right, well, we don't serve drinks on hospital wards, Mr. Stark," Dr. Martin sighed and flicked through her notes. "Captain Rogers, I need to check your burns, and then Stark, I need to check your foot. Who’s going first?"
"Okay.  Cool. Thanks," said Tony.  Saturday morning worked perfectly, if Steve was going to be out anyway.
He stroked his thumb across the omega's knuckles.  His hands were much softer than the soldier's, but still strong.
, and that rankled him, really rustled his jimmies...
Bucky cocked his head.  "I thought I wasn't gettin' any anyway," he challenged.  He was hoping, really, really hoping, that Steve might give him some sort of fucking
"I have my phone. Fully charged," Steve promised him and sat up a little. He pulled his phone out and checked. Yep. 99% percent. That was partly why Steve was so bad at charging his phone. Because it was StarkTech it didn't need charging often, which meant he basically always forgot to when it actually finally died.  "I'll survive. Promise. Besides, no one in here even looks at me anyway...I doubt I'll have a problem getting around," Steve said. Back when he was smaller too he could have literally snuck into anywhere unnoticed. Once a local gang had tried to recruit him for smuggling purposes. Bucky had been furious; Steve had thought it was a lark.
"Tony, it's okay.  It's going to be okay.  Calm down," whispered Pepper.
They parked in the ER and Mackenzie got out.
Steve stood slowly. As he walked around the bed he shed off clothes until he was just in his boxers and then sat on the edge of the mattress. He hesitated, before lying down and curling the duvet over himself. He felt small.
"I'm gonna walk out that door in a few hours," said Rhodey, pointing to the door.  "And you can come with me if you want. That's up to you."
Tony paused midway through Nate's chart.  "Steve. ...Steve, come here.  I got something."
He considered, then shook his head.  No, he hadn't been happy or unhappy. He hadn't been anything, really.
"...what do you mean, you don't have it?  Did you lose it?" said Eric, looking temporarily alarmed on Tony's behalf.
undercover!" hissed Phil.
Pepper pinched the bridge of her nose in exasperation and Aria shook her head a little.
"That's right, guys, we're takin' it back!" yelled the DJ, and another familiar song was playing, again sped up, mixed to be a bright, poppy dance number, though Steve remembered it as a slow, sad song.   One he and Bucky had danced to, slowly, in their apartment, only a few nights before Bucky had left for Europe. It sounded strange and uncanny, being altered into a pop song.
"...who's on top?" asked Donner.
"All weekend he'd been going around poisoning their fragile little minds with his big ideas because his Alpha is an out-of-control, drunken maniac!"
"Fa," said Tony without missing a beat.
Donner looked up as they came to the heavy metal gates outside of Tony's estate.  Happy waited for them to open, then eased the car down the long, winding drive.
The days passed quickly. Aria sorted out music for the party (she was keeping it a surprise) and Tony seemed to be busying himself with the rest of it. Steve did a lot of sleeping and a lot of drawing but none of it on his walls. He kept the drawings in one of his sketch books. Some of them were personal.
Banksy looked surprised at this insight.  "...thank you, Donnie." He forced a smile, then went back to greeting people.  Donner had moments like that occasionally, ones where he was... almost human. Still generally shy, he had gotten more used to making his voice heard.  Only yesterday, he had complained loudly that they didn't really make omega maternity clothes for funerals. (Still over three weeks from his due date, Donner looked ready to pop.)
?" snapped Natasha, reaching over and whacking Tony over the head.  "Fucking idiot,
He shook his head.  "I don't like it. I don't like remembering.  I was a bad Alpha."
But even if he couldn't bring himself to say those two words, he did obey.  He lay down on his back on the counter, excited and nervous, and also the slightest bit angry at himself for still holding on to the prejudices that had been ingrained into him since birth.
Gideon gently pressed behind Steve's ears; Steve let out a weak, thin whine.
"The tesseract is bad Tony. This isn't something to be excited over," Steve said, his eyes dark with the memory. He remembered death. The manic gleam in Johann's eyes as he fantasized about it, the greedy excitement about getting his hands on the cube. There was nothing good that could come of that glowing cube.  That much Steve was sure of.
"Romanov, about shooting at you--"
"And bring me my phone?" he asked.
Steve probably should have been upset, listening to everything Frond had to say...but he was just honestly struggling not to laugh. The idea that he would be happy if Tony abused him, hit him...? It was laughable. The idea that he would supposedly be happier if he was not actually himself. Steve held a hand over his mouth and struggled to suppress incredulous laughter, pressing his face against Tony's shoulders as Frond went on about kneeling and how beneficial it was.  Oka,y Steve had to admit. It
Steve smiled and nodded. "Thank you. That's very kind."
"The whole point, Steve, is that... there's a life after all the fighting and campaigning.  There's something more than politics and policies and all that. Sometimes you have to just be human," said Clint.  "Me and Nat, we've done a hell of a lot over the years. But this... I'm proudest of this. This--" He gestured to the farm.  "--isn't about Alphas or omegas or governments or agencies. This is just about people who love each other. And I guess ultimately that's why I do what I do.  It's the right thing. I want a better world for my kids. Y'know?" He lapsed into silence, sipping his cocoa.
"I left him in here," said Rumlow.
Oh, God, I woke up and you were gone, I--
"...that's it?  ...you're a good shot?  That's your secret, special talent?"
...the future had disappointed him in more than one way so far.
The sensation of Tony filling him up with his release was almost enough to tip Steve over the edge. He groaned at the sensation, throwing his head back as he rode out Tony's orgasm, snapping his hips down to take all of him. His thighs trembled. And then, as Tony bit down, Steve came at the sensation, his whole body lighting up. Very sensitive indeed.
"...I don't wanna punish you.  That's... frankly just disgusting to me, the idea of putting an omega in line.  Like they're a... a misbehaving dog or something. But I don't know
Bucky nodded.  "He used to sing in a group."
"Yes," Steve snapped, blue eyes suddenly flying up. "I know it did. Natasha, it was
Several people chuckled indulgently.
The track currently playing was vaguely familiar (Was it
Steve didn't hear from Clint, but he didn't expect to. He imagined he was busy, acquainting his brother with the whole family. A few days later and Tiberius and Banksy had gone. Donner was staying for the foreseeable future. He was hardly an annoying presence in the house. Sometimes he cooked; sometimes he even tried to clean. But sometimes it was like he was barely even there. Steve was just grateful knowing he was safe.
a normal name."
Tomorrow they were going to see Peggy in the afternoon. It would be a good focus for the day, Steve hoped.
"Sorry, I didn't mean to wake anyone."
Steve almost smiled. He almost laughed. "Thank you," he whispered.
Tony sipped the water, and closed his eyes briefly; the world wobbled uncomfortably, and he opened them.
Steve heard voices, whispers around him, but the building appeared empty.  He kept moving. He just felt the tug of
"I mean, you technically signed away your right to do that. You need permission from SHIELD. Which they won't give you."
propositioning you?" he asked suddenly.
"So my idea is for Rhodey to wear contact lens with a little transmitter and basically send us a live-feed of whatever he's seeing," said Tony.
Steve curled into his touch, tucking his head under Tony's jaw and against his shoulder. It was their usual position and allowed Steve to pretend he wasn't taller for a brief space of time. It was oddly comforting. He could practically hear Tony's thoughts. The man never turned his brain off but Steve could tell when his Alpha was getting lost in his own head.
But despite that, Tony felt pretty good about this.  The audience was cooing, awwing, and laughing. Banksy and Boswell were bouncing off each other with their usual charisma and they were balancing the questions between sweet and serious.
Boswell wasn't like Gideon was.  You know
"His gland.  Did they cut out his gland?"
Steve shivered as Tony oh so subtly directed his head down. "You'll have to talk me through it," he whispered against his neck, pressing a kiss to Tony's chin before he ducked his head down. Steve's deft fingers pushed the edge of his tee up so he could explore his stomach with his mouth, feeling the rise and bumps of muscle beneath his lips. Blue eyes flickered up to watch Tony's face and glinted with mischief.  "Well..." Steve murmured, tone playful. "You gonna tell me what to do or what?"
Donner was staring at the floor. "Mr. Stark made Gideon real mad," he said and Steve immediately felt bad for it.
behaving himself.
been about discipline. It was had been about
," Tony corrected Steve.  "Whiskey, single-malt."
"Well, Giddy's not here and
"I'm not drunk," Steve said, a little too quickly. His lips felt chalky with lipstick. Bright, red lipstick.  Mm.
! He grew up in
," repeated Pepper with good-natured exasperation, but Tony wasn't listening; he was hugging Steve and nuzzling into his neck, nipping his shoulders, too distracted by puppy love for Steve to hear anything anyone was saying.  "Well, I guess I'll leave you two to it... I've got to go, I've got to be in San Francisco in a couple of hours... Tony?  Tony, pay attention, this binder is a preliminary report-- Tony?-- preliminary report from the Expo, Rhodey turned it over to us, please review it as soon as possible ...I'll leave it on the table.  Also, heads up, you've got about four subpoenas coming your way; try not to schedule any discovery hearings for the last week of July or the first week of August because you promised Mandalay Bay to be a keynote speaker at the Black Hat conference this year and they're threatening to sue us too if you pull out last minute."
Being accidentally locked in here was actually kind of nice, like in the rare circumstances where he had a target in a tropical resort and he had to stalk him way across temperate, sandy beaches in the sunshine.
Bucky fell asleep because Steve had asked him to, and remained asleep for the rest of the car ride south, out of New York and into Pennsylvania, as the sun set and the moon rose.
Pepper laughed.  "What?"
"That guy gives me the creeps," Sharon whispered. Steve was oddly quiet still, his mind churning through different ways Gideon's body could end up in a ditch and it not be traced back to him.
"This isn't--" began Gleason, then gave up.  He dosed Wanda and then Pietro; Maria had flopped into a chair and was holding her head in her hands while Aria tried to comfort her.  Pepper had taken over phone duty and was trying to get SHIELD on the line. Gleason looked over at Ty, who was massaging his bruised knuckles.  "Tiberius? ...are you... okay?"
you! Put me down! Tony! Get your omega under control-" spat Justin, squirming in clear discomfort; Steve had a fistful of suit and tie and hair and showed no sign of loosening his grip.
Steve couldn't help  but smile at the sight. Tony's hair plastered all over his face...it was kinda cute.
The lights were still down as Steve pressed on, opening a set of doors to find trails of long, empty corridors. The quiet was almost eerie. Someone surely must have found a guard's body by now; they must have been aware they were under attack. Which meant now they were on the defensive.
"Tony, could you grab the chair?" Steve asked before he moved to pick Trickshot up.
Irshad smiled a little.  "He's got a good heart.  We're going to change the world.  Good-bye, Mr. Stark.  I'm sure we'll see each other again soon."
Donner got to his feet with a groan.  "Sorry. Gotta pee. ...the doctors are really good, Banksy, they're gonna do everything and more for him."  He patted Banksy's shoulder as he passed.
"Yes, sir."
Steve evidently looked lost around a load of men who apparently spoke science. Whilst he didn't usually think he was stupid, being around a load of Tony's friends and colleagues never made him feel great.  Steve only had a high school education (from the thirties) and two years of art school.  He couln't keep up with people like Dr. Richards.  And Steve hated hovering on the edge of a conversation. It made him feel so
Pepper reached up to try to flatten the hair on the back of Tony's neck.  "Tony. Natasha's just here to wish you Merry Christmas and then she'll go."
"You are," Steve reassured him.
The stage hand gave him a confused, sideways glance and went off.  On the set, the audience laughed at something someone (undoubtedly Banksy) said.  It was an odd background noise to hear during a fight. Tony was still staring at Steve, his expression stony.
"But-- but how?" she managed.
"He's the most beautiful omega in the whole world," said Bucky earnestly.
"Jesus Christ, how old are you?"
"The hell?" asked Sam.
He tossed aside a few newspaper articles and loose, unfinished blueprints.
"There better be a goddamn incredible reason you stole a government jet, invaded a sovereign nation, and illegally detained and tortured one of our agents," said Fury as Natasha, Clint, Sam, and Phil all put their hands on their heads.
Joey seemed unconcerned with Tony.  He pulled out a length of cloth and tied a tourniquet onto the man's forearm; the man stirred, let out a weak cry, realizing what they had done to him.
Steve was quaking with anger and upset.  Tony rubbed his shoulder, not sure what else to say.
knows but the people in this room-- Aria!"  Pepper looked at the other PA desperately, green eyes wide with panic.  She knew Tony well enough to know this was going to cause a meltdown. A massive one.
And if he was playing it up a little for the cameras he knew were watching, well.  He was hoping they'd underestimate him.  Because the second he had the opportunity he was going to break out and make them pay.
"Best way to look like you don't give a shit is not to let them see you," she told him and then got out of the car.
Tony slowly moved his arms, wrapping them around Steve's waist.  He licked the back of Steve's neck lightly, cleaning it off, then set his chin on Steve's shoulder.
His entrance was sore and sensitive and Steve would almost whimper in pain as well as pleasure as Tony finished inside of him by the time they were hitting the twelve-hour mark. It was only half a day in and Steve was already a mess. He was shivering and he wouldn't stop, even when Tony fed him ice.
"Sorry, did you just say
He slid an arm around Steve and tentatively touched the back of his neck.  "I know it makes you feel uncomfortable. We don't have to. We can leave your neck alone," he said.
"The thought of spending another night with DeSoto is horrible. Although if they walk out and we go with them... at least we don't have to stay another night," Steve pointed out, trying to be positive.
Bucky falling from the train...
"Correct."
"Incoming call from Director Fury on line 2," said JARVIS.
Briefly, he wondered if he could convince Pepper and Happy to just... just let him taste.  Just hold Steve.  Not fuck him.  Just a quick cuddle... one little lick of his back or his neck, just a
Steve's cell was small.  Ten paces long and five paces wide.  It was literally empty, save for a horse blanket on the floor.  They gave him no water and no food. There was also no light. The hallway was tiled and well-lit with fluorescent lights but none of the cells (there were six, the other five unoccupied) had any lighting at all.  The floor was tile as well, and in the center was a drain. It was more like a shower stall than a cell, to be honest. The walls were concrete, solid, along with the ceiling, and the door was shatter-proof glass lined with adamantium bars several inches thick.  There was a small window at the bottom like a mail slot but it was too narrow for Steve to fit his hand through.
"No, Tony."
He didn't even realised he'd spoken until he'd said it. Steve was hardly aware anything but Tony right now.
"I would be on the frontlines, but my heat is due, so anything on air will have to be prerecorded. I'm also already committed to a documentary in my pre-heat stage so I can't even do anything then. I'm afraid I won't be around for any of it." Steve was a little sad that he might miss the big reveal, but he was also well aware that his place wasn't in a law court. He could stand around and look pretty but that would do very little to actually help with the situation. "But a pre-recording for you would work, if that's what you wanna do." Banksy was so sweet; Steve wasn't sure he could ever really deny him in an interview. "About the security council thing, when you said I was with you and I wasn't, you know, on the run... I never got a chance to thank you for that--"
Steve was nipping him and that was making it hard to translate the French in his mind.  Tony's insides felt weak.  He felt inexplicably proud of himself for remembering to brush his teeth before leaving.
There was a shocked gasp that ran through the crowd, but Banksy continued.
"A weak Alpha," interjected Tony.
Both of them agreed that heats were not nearly as romantic or sexy as they were portrayed in the media.
When Donner was done Steve gently wiped at his mouth with a wet cloth before offering him a glass of water to sip. A little shakily, Donner stood.
"A half-hour isn't going to be enough to get through all this," said Pepper, slamming several bound stacks of paper onto the table.  "These are your official statements and debriefings regarding the incident wherein you destroyed your tracker and went to go hang out with Banksy and Ty.  The two of them corroborated a story. You don't have to say anything; you were, after all, too distraught to really remember. Got it? Tony, take this. Updated itinerary.  I was able to reschedule Bulgari, Hermès, and David Yurman, but Piaget and Harry Winston are out, thanks you your last-minute cancellation."
"Well, I've never even heard of you."
"Happy, why do you read that trash?  ...you know my theory?"  Tony was finding that rambling was helping him get his mind off of Steve.  He was struggling to get control of himself.  Supposedly, he was the third smartest man in the world... and yet near Steve he'd become a wild, feral mess.
Kerry made a face.  "You do it."
"Shirts versus skins," said Derick teasingly; Jane hit his arm again.
Tony clicked off his face plate and looked at Sam.  "Looks easy."
Tony scanned the room one last time to see if Pitbull had come in yet.  He hadn't. Tony sighed a little.
It was a shame he'd be too lost in a sex-crazed heat to notice any of it happening around him.
Steve so angry he was shaking.
, as a person; it's not always about status, Tony.  Especially not for us omegas.  And I know what your scars are from. And if you think that makes  you any less of an Alpha then you're crazy, because you killed them all; you became who are you now. You took all that hurt and instead of it letting it crush you, you let it make you stronger and the fact that you can't see that is
Tony ground his teeth together, leaning into Steve's touch.  "You're right... you're right, he's not worth it... I just... I should've been there, to protect you..."
He shoved past her roughly and stomped up the stairs.  In the kitchen, Steve was sitting on a stool, hunched over the counter, picking at a sandwich.  Sam was sitting on the counter, hands clasping in front if him.
"You know Steve Rogers?"
"Nope.  Not lettin' you do that."
A quick visit to Wikipedia and Tony had heard that the primary composition of spider silk was something called fibroin.  A visit to VWR Lab Supplies confirmed that the stuff was insanely expensive. The guy might just be purify his own, but still, he was probably burning through a ton of money buying small amounts of the protein and getting it into the solution for his webs.
Okay.  This is-- super awkward.  When it rains it pours; am I right, Steve?  Hi.  Morgan.  Right.  Uh, this is Steve, and uh, Steve... well, here's Morgan, apparently..."
Steve nodded dumbly. They shared quick and polite goodbyes and if Steve didn't shake Boswell's hand then nobody pointed it out. They all knew what was happening; everyone was just too polite to say it. The quicker Steve got out of there, the better.
The discomfort wasn't going away.  Tony made a beeline for the outdoor bar and grabbed himself a bottle; suddenly, he was hit with a series of memories.  Jarvis, pulling one of Howard's arms around his shoulders and hauling him to bed with grim determination; Jarvis, pressing a cool washcloth to Howard's forehead; Jarvis, uncorking a bottle of wine with a look on his face that clearly, clearly indicated that he didn't want to.
"...this isn't the time, Rogers," said Tony, his tone neutral within the helmet.
"It's kind of been a relief," Steve admitted softly and leant his head on top of Tony's. "It felt kind of pointless. Like... being alive. All my friends are dead or can't remember me properly." His heart ached when he thought of Peggy. "This was all so screwed up, you know? It didn't feel like I belonged here. Everything had changed too much here. I couldn't find my place.  But this...with you." Steve sighed quietly, contently. His eyes slipped shut. "It makes sense. It means that I was supposed to be here for a reason. That I didn't end up here for nothing. It was worth it- nearly dying was worth it."
tell me Tony Stark's buying?" asked Sixteen eagerly, looking thrilled at the idea of being in a trio with the two of them.
. That turned out well.
"Let's go," said Tony, turning.  He hated that Steve could feel him.  Yeah, he was panicking, but no one was supposed to know that while he was in the suit.  And he shouldn't be making these kinds of associations. These were not his memories. They were the Winter Soldier's.
"He means bottles," interrupted Pepper.
Tony blinked.  "Whu-- oh.
Steve caught the boxes and moved to take them, counting them out for the hours he'd missed while he grabbed his coffee and watched MacKenzie warily out of the corner of his eye. He didn't know him and he was in their house and he wasn't feeble like Sitwell. Steve wasn't sure he appreciated him being here. Aria certainly seemed quite chummy with him. They had been laughing over something when Steve had come down with Tony.
in my salad! I'm vegetarian!"
As Judy had mentioned, Tony was there, and he was basking in two newfound pieces of fortune.  First, after getting bailed out (a quick, aggressive phone call to Pepper and the help of the legal team at Stark Industries had had him in and out in less than a couple of hours), Tony had found a convenience store in Scottsboro, and stocked up on liquor.  Now happily buzzed, he was feeling much better. Secondly, he had finally found his own fanbase. To the "converted" Alphas, Tony was an excellent role model. He was a demanding Alpha and, because they weren't really Alphas, he was the automatically most dominant one.  He sat with a cluster of teenage boys, talking grandly about all the missiles he had designed ("...flattened a whole mountain!").
"Is this part of a publicity stunt or are you actually going to--"
Tony opened his eyes to the feeling of Steve's hand in his hair.  He liked that. His head was full of a dull hangover throb. He stared; Steve was already up, as usual, looking healthy, smelling vaguely of chlorine.  Tony didn't get morning people and he never would.
Tony leaned forward to set the box on the table, then rose.  "Well... I'm going to bed now. G'night, Steve."
He watched Tony disappeared onto the track with a frown on his features. Tony had been off all day and that display with Hammer was just plain weird. He swallowed thickly. This was the first time he'd disappointed Pepper. Ever. And it felt horrible.
, thought another part of Tony's mind, and he laughed out loud, his hand tangling into Steve's hair, his hips bucking up, seeking more of Steve's mouth.
Tom Banksy?  He's friends with Steve Rogers?" repeated Donner, clearly not quite believing it.
"I..."
"But how?"
"...I'm sorry.  I'm sorry; it's not your fault.  I didn't protect you.  I'm sorry." It was his childhood all over again. Apologizing for not being a good enough Alpha.
Aria frowned a little.  "It's not just Alphas. That's part of why Banksy wanted to speak to you, along with Tony and Irshad Nazari... you know, the UN rep for the World Omega Rights Council.  There's plenty of omegas who have been brainwashed into believing that they need Alphas to take care of them. Steve showing himself to be stronger than that... it's not just for Alphas.  It's for all the omegas out there who didn't know they could exist without Alphas."
"Good.  Let him rot," said Steve bluntly.
The music changed suddenly and abruptly.  "This one goes out to Steve Rogers... straight from 1939... Glenn Miller!"
On the day of their actual anniversary, June first, Tony took Steve out to eat and set a small black box on the table between them.
"Do we ever?"
"My name is Natasha Romanoff," Natasha introduced herself as they sat down, the glint in her eyes wicked. "And this Clint Barton." Under the table she put a hand on the man's knee but on the surface there was no hint of possessiveness. Natasha gave nothing away. She was good like that. "We're here for a multitude of reasons, but the most pressing matter is naturally the ticking time bomb in your chest."
"Well, Iron Man isn't retiring anytime soon," retorted Tony.  He felt personally offended by the idea that he shouldn't be slamming into buildings at fifty miles an hour.
"What's going on?" he demanded.  The monitors had gone black.
"Put it down!"
Another weird prickle.  Her greeting was wrong. Steve wasn't an Alpha.  But before Tony could say a damn thing (such as "What the hell are you talking about?"), she settled back down onto the bed, kicking away the sheets, smiling up at them like they had a meeting that Tony and Steve had forgotten about.
"Only that you feel quite a lot of it, sir."
Tony looked up slowly.  "...yeah," he agreed, still not moving.
Bucky looked around with interest.  "Can we go to Cleveland?"
. Come on."
"Remember," Steve whispered. "You are
"I don't feel anything anymore," interrupted Tony.  "...now watch me steal this guy's car."
like, Steve?  Anything you're looking for?"  He couldn't help but think Steve probably had some sort of preference.  Steve had grown up a century ago; Steve probably, at least at some point, had either wanted a collar or had at least formed a preference.  He and Bucky might have even talked about it. The thought made Tony's stomach turn.
"And, finally," said the announcer, a woman whose name Tony had forgotten but who Pepper had strongly recommended, "we'd like to close out the evening's festivities by announcing the tentative amount raised tonight for charity... again, all proceeds are benefiting omega education and the advancement of omega civil rights... thanks to all of you for your support and generosity.  The combined proceeds from the dinner as well as the flower sales is three point two million."
Steve blinked.  This was news to him.  "Really?"
Winter Soldier?  No one was sure of who the Winter Soldier (or, for that matter,
"But you're on omega," he blurted.
"What usually happens tonight?" Steve asked curiously, trying to change the topic.
About a week after their return from England, in mid-June, Tony woke up one morning and walked downstairs to find all of the orchids gone.  He had been so used to the house being blanketed in plants that it looked oddly empty, and his voice echoed slightly. Pepper had gotten all but the few they'd decided to keep off to the gala, leaving in their place a pair of tuxes for Tony and Steve to wear.
"You could never sit still," Peggy breathed fondly. They moved to sit on a bench situated in front of an old oak tree. The trunk was hollowed out and sunken. It looked sick. "Promise you'll stay in touch, Steve?"
"This guy's the greatest!" said James, grabbing Steve's hand and leading him out onto the pool deck.
"But you're only a horsesh--"
Tony’s attention slid back to Steve.  “Yes you do.  Everyone gets a nickname.  Pepper’s got a nickname, Happy’s got a nickname, Rhodey’s got a nickname.  You?  You’re Sparky now.  Like a puppy.”  He looked back over.  The beta had disappeared and Tony cursed silently  at himself for getting distracted.  He looked back at Steve, suddenly a lot more irritated than he meant to be.  It wasn’t just losing sight of the woman.  It was Steve’s whole attitude.  Like he was something more than what he was.  “...let’s get something straight, Stan,” said Tony, using his real name to emphasize the importance of the conversation they were about to have.  “You got hired as my assistant for two reasons.  Pepper approved of you, and me, I can’t resist blonds.  But don’t act like being my personal go-to guy makes you special.  You’re not special.  You’re just a smug little omega and you don’t know the first thing about this business.  They’ve been talking about taking away my company for years, but you know what?  I’m Iron Man.  They can’t get rid of me, not without a PR shitstorm.  So stop trying to tell me what to do, how to run my company.  You’re embarrassing yourself.”
