there’s the fact that Cas loves him. What the
Dean turns away, breaks his gaze from Cas’, to finish his whiskey. He withdraws his hand from Cas, retreats back to himself, and leans back on his elbows. Cas mimics the motion. The spot on Dean’s thigh feels especially cold without Cas’ hand there anymore.
Wait. Does Cas
“No,” Cas says. He leans down, and his palm is cool against Dean’s swollen face. His touch heals immediately, but he doesn’t pull away.
They get Sam up onto the cot Cas was on. For a brief moment Sam whimpers, flinches away from them.
Sam’s concerned face goes delightfully bitchy, and he rolls his eyes as he sighs. It’s like he’s 13 all over again.
He feels like crossing his arms, he feels like storming off. Like, oh fuck, are they
“I’ll move faster that way. ”
“He touched my grace,” Cas says, staring down at Sam, “he wasn’t prepared, and it stopped his heart.”
“I’m not human. I don’t eat,” Cas boasts.
I tried to make purgatory make some biological sense, while still retaining a little bit of “who knows” care to worldbuilding that the Spn Writers have. If you haven’t picked up yet that I have a very vested interest in biology, and more the form and function of creatures, well, it’s… it’s gonna show in these upcoming chapters. And the leviathans ;)
“We’re also gonna see if it’s safe to go home,” Sam explains as Dean gets down the stairs. Sam hands Dean his gun.
And Sam’s out to be full weirdo, so Dean feels a chill down his spine as the temperature drops a degree or two, sees his breath, and Sam’s arms start glowing like he’s got lights under his skin. It makes Dean’s stomach churn at how the light shifts and moves like it’s slithering around. If he stares too long he thinks he sees it looking back at him.
“He’s having a rough go, sounds like,” Bobby says, “give him a little time.”
He can’t do it.
“I don’t know any angel,” the ghoul whines, “I just want a taste— just a bite? Please? You smell so—”
Dad drilled it into your heads: the life is dangerous, and the monsters will kill you if you don’t kill them first. If you’re going to die, die on your feet like a man.
“You love me?” Dean asks.
“See?” Sam says, and points in what he must think is Cas’ direction.
“Not something to worry about?” Dean shouts. He can’t believe Sam is brushing this aside.
It’s Sam!
“Dean you picked a hell of a time to drop this,” Bobby says.
Without much to do, Dean
Dean doesn’t have a good reply to that.
“I didn’t say yes,” Sam assures Bobby, eyes bright.
“I think you’re very brave,” Cas says honestly.
“I’m not leaving without Cas,” Dean reminds the two of them.
“Morning!” Dean greets, and pours himself a coffee. Cas got him to come
“You’re Cas,” Dean reminds him, “you’re— you’re my best friend. The guy who molotov cocktail’d Michael, who took on an archangel and died to save the world. You saved my ass in purgatory more times than I can count.”
It’s Dean’s turn to roll his eyes, “Fine. Whatever. Have fun, Mantracker.”
“I love you,” Cas affirms, kisses the corner of Dean’s mouth, “I choose you.”
“You died, moron,” Dean snaps, and now the danger is over and he can stop feeling like the world is ending. Now is the time for lecturing, “what the hell were you thinking?”
“Not what I’m asking. One or two slices, Sam?”
“I can’t eat this. Here, you can have it,” Cas says, and holds the mug out for Dean to take.
annoying.”
“How are you doing?” Bobby asks.
What the fuck does that mean?
“Shut up,” Dean snaps. His face heats up as Sam laughs at him.
See y'all on wednesday to find out WHAT THE HELL IS GOING ON????
“Can you get him upstairs? Into a real bed to keep an eye on him?” Bobby asks.
“What?” Dean laughs, maybe putting in a little too much effort. Because this is what he’s supposed to do, find this kind of joke funny, “well yeah, we’re friends.”
“Yeah.”
“You’re not,” Bobby insists, “I’ll support you if this is the route you’re gonna take. Sam’s trying to get a vision, or however his thing works—”
“Huh,” Dean never thought of the horseman as a handyman before.
“So how’s Cas? Have you heard from him recently?” Sam asks. They’re having a proper sit-down meal like a real family. Instant noodles and frozen veggies, a Winchester classic.
In the back of his mind he wonders how he would justify this to Dad. He can’t even imagine this sort of thing happening if Dad was around. Hell, if Dad was alive and found out about this? He might come in here and put Dean and Sam down himself.
After that…
that love.
Cas flies off, and Dean is alone in a room that’s too big. The bed looks too soft, too lonely. He’s going to be up all night worrying about Cas and thinking himself into hundreds of worst case scenarios.
Dean thinks Sam’s being unfair. For everything Cas has done and sacrificed for them, it’s rude to call him creepy. Besides, Cas isn’t creepy. He’s just… not people. He does things different. Sam and Dean are the real creeps: they have an arsenal of weapons in their trunk and regularly dig up dead people to burn their bones.
“I would like that,” Cas confesses, “to come home. To this. To you.”
“God made this universe to follow very clear rules, and what you are doing, Samuel, is
Dean flinches away from him, “It’s fine. I can handle it.”
“You ever gonna do anything about it?” Dean checks. Maybe angels can fuck, but they’re supposed to be chaste. This would be the one rule that Cas
“No, no,” Dean whimpers, “no he can’t—”
“How are you doing?” Dean asks.
and therefore so much weaker and less than them.
“You went crazy because of the leviathan souls—”
? Him? Really?
. Especially the opening verse once the opening guitar riff goes off (around 2:04 in the link above). (
“I tried to warn you,” Death sighs. Sam doesn’t say anything back. Is he awake? Asleep? Did someone else wake up in Sam’s body? Dean looks to Bobby. What the hell is Death going on about?
“Your soul,” Cas says, breathless, and he looks down at himself like he can see it, “Sam used your soul to heal me.”
I am no longer recognizable as an angel. As far as heaven is concerned, I am diseased, and potentially worse than Lucifer. Most believe that if I cannot be reclaimed, I should be exterminated on sight. So contacting Metatron is difficult because to consort with me is to invite my poison back into the host,” Cas explains, and then eats the spoon of hot sauce.
Cas glares at him now, “I don’t need to!”
Sam’s right about one thing. They need all hands on deck for this. Dean can worry more about whether he should forgive Cas or not, if they survive.
Cas whimpers, sticks out his tongue, and Dean wants to laugh but Cas just said his whole family thinks that if he won’t be brainwashed again they should just
“Nah,” Benny says, “only child. But I’ve been around a while, met a lot of folks. Learned how to read people.”
remorse for trying to kill Dean since he’s a completely expendable human as far as she’s concerned, “It was a test. If Castiel could kill his weakness, it would mean we finally had total control of him. Like always, he failed to do as he was told.”
to him?”
“I can’t be your God,” Dean reminds him, thinks back to Cas telling Dean he loved him in this spot for the first time, “Cas— don’t put that on me. I’m human, I’m messy, and I am
“I’m sorry,” Sam mumbles. It sounds genuine, and combined with how sick and weak he looks, Dean can’t hold his anger.
“I think you’re all alone,” leader says, “cause if the angel were here, he’d have shown up by now.”
“It’s really the least I could do,” Dean says.
“So what? You wanna warn me off cause he’s not human? I’m pretty sure I know that,” Dean sighs.
Cas looks… small, almost human, standing in his underwear and an off-white tank. Dean offers to share some pants with him, but Cas doesn’t care about clothes the way Dean does.
(See the end of the chapter for
Sam takes it in stride, “What about Naomi?”
Death pauses when he realizes they aren’t following.
Dean knows, like he
Sam fires a shot. Dean flinches at the noise. Naomi stops talking, dumbfounded, and glances down where Sam hit her vessel in the shoulder. It’s not going to do anything, but Dean feels a bit of amusement at pumping some lead into her.
“Hey, hey,” Dean says gently. He reaches up to pat Cas on the face, enough to rouse him.
“Whatever it was… ain’t nothing I’ve ever seen before,” Bobby says.
“I’ve slept with more guys than you,” Sam snaps, “get gayer.”
“We don’t know if this seraphim thing is real,” Dean reminds him. And it can’t be, because then Cas might have never had free will. Because if it’s real then Cas can’t ever have truly loved him.
“Sam said he would be honest with you,” Cas reasons.
, and once Dean gets his hands on him he’s never letting Cas go.
Dean flips a coin in his head. Heads he’ll shoot Naomi, tails he’ll shoot Crowley again. Fucking monsters, can’t take a hint. His shoulder feels like glass, and one more shot might actually break it with how sore he is.
“It’s not an option!” Dean snaps, and he looks down at Cas, “I promised I wouldn’t let them get their hands on him—”
“Burn?” Like, is it hurting you?” It would be like Cas not to mention that he’s in immense pain.
“I will be ready when you are,” Cas says, and there’s a solid ring of glowing grace around his pupils to back that statement up, “if previous encounters are anything to go on, you will require a small window of recovery before you are ready for more.”
Dean wonders if that’s supposed to be a barb about him being queer. That he’s soft, and he just wants to go be queer with Cas rather than take care of his brother. Or is he over-thinking things.
“Yeah,” Dean scoffs, “it’s my job.”
Dean shakes his head, “I don’t fuck men.” It sounds hollow, even to him. Dean isn’t sure why he’s supposed to resist this.
Dean has to get out of here. He needs to find Cas, soon.
“You claim me for
angels or archangels that no one has ever heard of. That he thinks Cas might be. Sam’s all slumped in his chair, like he’s embarrassed about this, but then he sits up a little straighter, continuing his conversation with the other person that no one else can hear. Because Sam’s talking to a hallucination.
“Vampires can’t have two mates!” Dean insists.
“Castiel, finish it!” the woman shouts. Dean didn’t even realize she was still here. Cas doesn’t even respond to her voice. He’s like a blank slate. It’s terrifying.
Cas remembered him, right? When heaven was trying to force them apart. Because he
“What have you guys got?” Sam asks.
“Do that again?” he asks.
Dean almost laughs, "You— of course I care. You're like, my best friend. You're family, Cas."
Cas is in trouble. And Dean promised he’d take care of him.
“Are you telling me you want to start eating souls again?” Dean checks.
"Thank you," Cas repeats.
“Let’s back up a moment,” Death decides, “Sam do you understand why you
“Biggerson’s restaurant from the other night,” Dean says, “the demon sandwich? Ranger Rick and the whole nightmare autopsy?”
Dean remembers. In purgatory when Cas ripped the leviathans apart to save him.
“But?” Dean guesses.
They’ll stock up on supplies, snacks, and as much lube as they’ll ever need, lock the door and tell Sam he might want to go somewhere else. If this soul mate thing makes sex this good, then a whole day might ruin Dean. What a way to die, though.
of being sexy, just with his same full focus and determination, and that’s what makes it hot. Dean’s so far gone for him it should be embarrassing. Even the hint of Cas’ collar bone gets him all worked up.
"C'mere," Dean says, and beckons Cas over. Cas seems agreeable enough to that.
, I don’t need to breathe.”
“I love him.”
Sam hurls over the edge of the porch. Dean looks at Bobby. Bobby’s looking at him. What the fuck? Cas’ fingers are still twisted in Dean’s shirt, and he’s staring at Sam.
annoying to eat or do anything if they have to keep holding hands all day. Under the table he feels Cas hook an ankle over his. Huh, surprisingly innovative. Dean shoots Cas a look of gratitude as he takes his coffee from him. It’s only now that Cas realizes one of the mugs is for him.
Dean shakes his head, “You are— it’s okay. You’re having like
Sam’s shoulders slump in relief. The cool temperature in the room instantly starts to go back to normal.
lets him down.
Sam is in the kitchen when Dean saunters in.
“I’m interested in sex with you,” Cas agrees. Dean’s heart skips a beat.
than spice. He spits the half-chewed bite back out onto the plate.
Now Dean scowls, “It’s not.”
Death is silent a moment, and then sighs, “I am in a good mood,” he decides, “and I don’t think knowing will affect the process much at this point.”
“I am curious though, why didn’t you bite them back?” Benny asks, “you’ve got more than enough heads for it.”
“I don’t want to be a Winchester,” he says.
It’s a stakeout mission; should be safe. The alternative is leaving Sam here alone.
“I might!” Cas says.
He’s stalling with time he doesn’t have to give.
“So love is… commitment?” Cas asks, “is that human love?”
“You wanna call Crowley?” Bobby guesses.
“Come here,” Death says, gesturing with his fingers. And before Dean can ask which of them he means, Sam scooches to the edge of the pullout.
Dean closes his eyes, wills Bobby to appear with water. When that doesn’t happen, he accepts the fact that he has to do everything himself. Dean forces himself to sit up, whimpers at how ragged his body feels. There’s gouges in the ice on the walls, like something big was flailing around. Chunks of ice were displaced or carved off the wall behind Sam. Weird.
"I need to sleep," Dean announces, leaves his beer on the step and stands up. Cas doesn't move, "come with me."
. Maybe the woman was being genuine?
“It’s been an indulgent fantasy,” Cas admits.
learn,” he says.
him to understand how much he means to Dean.
. It’s like sunlight through the trees, and holy shit Dean has wanted to see sunlight, to feel
Sam sucks in a breath, “I can do it,” and when Dean turns back to him, Sam is looking up at him, “I know how to save Cas.”
Besides, they’re not sports people.
the weight of Cas on top of him. Likes how it makes him feel grounded. It’s not normal for Cas to be around when he wakes up— Cas usually gets distracted and wanders in the night until Dean texts him to drop in. Dean’s not used to waking up with someone like this, not anymore. Even on the nights Sam drops in for a sleepover, they stick to their own sides of the bed.
be Cas’ real self. Dean imagines the formless shape of Cas’ self in purgatory, the one that pulled him out of the leviathan, filling up Dean’s tiny bedroom.
Bobby shrugs, giving up the fight before it begins, “We’re running low on things that are helping. Might be about time to start trying the unorthodox.”
Hell is fresh in his head, his
Dean nods, hears the ultimatum, “Yes sir.”
Bobby said that Dean should say what he’s thinking more. State the obvious. No matter how stupid he sounds saying things that everyone knows.
“Well fuck me for giving a shit about you!” Dean snaps.
“Oh shit,” Dean grimaces.
Dean gives him the pep talk. Tells him to get his ducks in a row, like Dad told him the first time Dean saw someone get killed on a hunt and had night terrors for a week. Helps Sam figure out that a little pain— like the cut on his hand— can clear his head. Sam’s smart enough to recognize what’s real and what isn’t, and he can’t be a victim forever, so might as well deal with it. Like Winchester’s do.
“He was a good guy. Had lots of friends, a decent job. We weren’t rich, but he provided. We went to church. We’d spend hours playing catch out here in the yard.”
“Really?” Cas asks. He sits up straighter.
“At this moment I may be tethered to this body,” Cas notes, “I’m not sure if I can take another host for a while.”
“I always— I always wanted to get married,” Dean confesses, “like, that would mean I did it. I was happy, and I had a family and I made it. And I thought I’d never
Dean hates camping. Never liked the outdoors— what’s so great about bugs and dirt and rain? Purgatory hasn’t changed his mind. He does appreciate the fresh air-- hasn’t smelled car exhaust or grease in a long time now— but then again everything in purgatory has an underlying smell of blood, so it’s not like it’s fresh-fresh.
He flags down a truck, and while he approaches the cab to open the passenger door he wonders if he should kill the driver. It would be faster for him to get to his destination if he doesn't have to keep charming his way along.
“He would have said yes to you, and you know it,” she snaps.
The touch of Cas’ wings around him would be a welcome balm to his nerves. Dean tries to lay on the bed in the motel room. Snaps at Sam to stop mothering him. The room is too open, and Sam doesn’t know how to stand watch properly. Benny and Cas kept Dean safe. Now they’re gone. Dean has to take care of himself.
Dean’s on his knees, at Cas’ feet. He’s beaten, he’s bloodied, and even if the fight ended here Dean doesn’t think he could walk away. He has nowhere to run.
“You can’t be serious,” Dean realizes.
There’s blood all over Sam’s face— he’s bleeding from everywhere. Eyes, nose, mouth, fuck, even his ears! It’s like when Cas’ grace killed him.
“Your imperfections make you all the more loveable,” Cas reasons.
“He tried,” Death agrees, “but he was arrogant. He misjudged the timing, and instead of flat lining, his song was added to your own.”
Dean’s phone goes off while he’s waiting for the coffee to brew.
And Cas is
There’s a beat of silence, of Dean thinking, of Cas waiting, that Sam must assume they’re all judging him, because he adds, “I’m serious! Angel grace? That was
“I love you because you make things clear to me,” Cas says, “you— when I am with you, I have purpose. I have intention, and I am achieving my true state.”
“Yes,” Cas groans, “are you ready?”
Warnings: anxiety attacks, mild gore re: sam’s state of being
Cas dies.
have a superpower,” Sam’s shit-eating grin takes up most of his face, “you’ve got the power of love!”
Benny doesn’t let Dean go, keeps his arms locked around Dean to ground him. Cups the back of Dean’s head, pets down his back.
Benny returns right around the time Dean is starting to go crazy from being locked in. He pulls the log away from the opening and helps Dean to his feet.
He decides on hot. Holy shit Cas is hot and Dean can kiss him. So he does.
“You’re still you,” Dean encourages him, “you’re still Cas.”
Purgatory keeps Dean amped, in that limbo between horny and hostile, but it doesn’t keep him from sleeping. The ever-present twilight of purgatory makes it hard to gauge time, so Dean goes until he can’t go any further, or until they find somewhere defensible enough they can call it safe for a few hours.
“Whatever comes, we can handle it,” Dean reminds Cas, “we got your back.”
Sam points him back to the road.
Dean pauses. Chose? On purpose?
“What are you doing?” Dean mumbles the first time it happens.
“It’s an angelic wing,” Cas says, and screws his eyes shut as he thinks, “but I— I’ve never seen it before. I don’t recognize the tone of it. And the shape is… it’s wrong.”
He doesn’t think he’s going to sleep tonight as it is.
slept with?”
Loud silence. The candles flicker. Dean’s heart hammers against his ribs like it wants to burst out of his chest. There’s not enough air in here to breathe. He wants to run, to get in the car and drive until this panic settles, but he also knows he can’t leave Cas’ side. Torn between two completely opposing reactions, and therefore locked in place while being torn apart.
“Cas is fine,” Sam shrugs, “he just creeps me out.”
Dean’s hands are clenched into fists. His elbow’s raised. He was going to hit her, he realizes. If she’d been a little taller, a little more threatening, or any closer to him; he would have broken her nose for walking into the mart to buy some gum. What the hell is wrong with him? It’s broad daylight! It’s so fucking bright under these fluorescent lights. He can hear them buzzing like a hive of bees.
“Fuck you,” Dean snaps, and he draws his gun. He knows it won’t do anything to an angel, but maybe if he shoots her enough times she’ll understand that he doesn’t care what she has to say.
a man and isn’t wasting any time wishing Benny was a chick.
and he realizes Cas still loves him and Dean wants to wrap those words around him like a silk robe and never take them off.
“I’m trying not to ruin Sam’s work,” Death says.
The carpet around him is soaked, and for a second Dean’s stomach drops because he thinks it’s blood. He drops to his knees beside Sam, shakes him and—
“Hey, you’re hurt!” Dean protests.
“Cas only knows angel songs,” Sam shakes his head, “I gotta learn more human-style stuff before I break this body again.”
“You wanna be a vet?” Dean asks. When he looks up at Cas, their faces are too close to each other. Neither of them pull away.
“I have Dean’s soul,” Cas figures, staring at their hands, and then up to Dean’s face, “but it’s not untethered from you. It wants to return.”
Small note that because of Dean's pov, this chapter deals a lot in focusing on the extreme gender binaries of cis-male and cis-female, and generalizing both to be like 'men are from mars, women are from venus, etc'. We the readers all know this is not true, that men and women are not polar opposites, but unfortunately Dean was raised in a car and thinks porn is like real life and so he's wrong but he's got the spirit!!!
“You keep giving yourself to me,” Cas says, his tone changes to pleading, like
“I love you,” he tells her, and then looks to Dean and nods.
“I was gonna tell you,” Benny says, “timing never worked out for it. And then Angel was back.”
moving towards Cas, and as it gets within arms reach, Cas’ posture shifts, Dean thinks his eyes light up a bit but it’s hard to tell, and the can goes still like it’s frozen in the air. Oh, wait-- did Cas grab it with
Thank you again to everyone who took the time to leave a comment on the last chapter. You are the wind beneath my wings, the dew drops on the plants in the dawn- when the sun hits just right and everything is magical.
“Hey, hey, just breathe. It’s okay. You’re okay.”
Cas’ tie flops in Dean’s face and he wants to laugh that Cas is still wearing the stupid thing. He uses it to drag Cas in for another kiss.
He has to ask Sam. Because that’s the kind of man that Dean is trying to be. Dad would make the choice for Sam. And Dean is… all he knows is that he’s trying not to be Dad.
“You’re family,” Dean agrees, to give Cas an out. There’s no way Cas can’t know by now that Dean is damaged goods. That he fails everyone, eventually, “so, sure, yeah, whatever. We all give a shit about each other. What brought this on?”
“I could get turned into a lot of things,” Dean figures, “pretty much all of them are bad. So, no.”
The first thing the leviathans do is go after Bobby’s house. There aren’t wards to keep them out, no spells to keep the house safe. For the first time since he was a kid, Dean loses his home. His bed, his mug, his favorite spot on the stairs of the back porch. All these little things he’d come to accept as permanent. Gone.
“No,” Cas sighs. He blinks heavily. Dean feels equally exhausted.
Dean wakes with a start, there’s a hand over his mouth. It never gets dark in Purgatory, and it never gets bright either, but he can make out Benny crouched over him.
“I think he yelled at me earlier for calling him a man,” Bobby says, “but yes, I have eyes. He’s also a pain in the ass, and useful for a lot of things.”
No major warnings for this chapter.
“Dean,” Benny says, starting the same argument.
It comes flooding back. He was on his knees, bones broken, pain so jagged that he felt like he was on fire. He knew, with absolute certainty, that he was going to die.
“They almost caught us,” Dean says, “Bobby got shot. He— they got him in the head. Docs don’t know if he’s going to wake up.”
The next little while seems to be right out of a movie.
He’s not going to survive purgatory after all.
“What part of all of this are you afraid of?” Cas asks, “if it’s tactical— the universe itself knows you value Sam above all mankind. Knowing that you care for me wouldn’t put any target on me that isn’t already there due to my allegiance to you as it is.”
Sam climbs into the drivers seat, turns on the car and then grabs Dean to shake him.
between them, that draw he gets with people. Instead of a wild animal, that needs action and violence, it feels heavy like velvet. Dean’s not sure he’s ever felt this kind of shift before. Must be what it’s like to be friends with someone.
“Like hell I was letting you die,” Dean says.
Pretty queer for a man to have not 1 but TWO husbands
Sam kicks him under the table, “Yeah! Because everything
And here we are!!! 200k+ words later, the prequels are almost done!! Ahhhhh!!!!!!! Next chapter will serve as our final chapter + epilogue.
Sam and Cas talked? About this?
been broken. That… that what I became, with the arms race of using souls, in pursuit of purgatory, that that is what I
“Yeah,” Dean agrees, “but maybe save it?”
Oh thank
Dean expects Cas to fly off without a further goodbye. So maybe it’s him who moves first. But they both reach out, pull each other in for the hug, and Dean squeezes Cas tightly like that will speak all the words he can’t say. He presses his face into Cas’ shoulder, breathes in the familiar scent of him, feels Cas’ arms tight around him. For a brief moment, Dean wonders what it would be like if his love was enough to make Cas stay, to solve all of their problems.
And now that Dean could have it, he’s too coward to ask.
Dean really doesn’t want to have to explain this. That he came in his pants while making out like some punk kid who’s never had sex before.
Sam is where Dean left him on the floor. More of the ice has melted off the walls, and fallen so there’s big chunks of slush all over. Sam’s half submerged in water that pools over the top of Dean’s boots. If they’d waited any longer, there’s a good chance Sam could have drowned. Hmm… Dean’s probably going to feel bad about that later. How annoying.
“I’ll stay,” Cas decides. He sits on the arm of the couch beside Dean. With the way Sam’s sprawled on him, it’s easy for Dean to go with the weight and lean into Cas. He breathes in Cas’ familiar angel smell.
“Everyone’s different.”
It’s been too long since he got laid, he figures. That has to be it. Has to be why it feels like Dean’s finally dropped a huge weight he’s been carrying for so long that he doesn’t know what to do without it.
conversation, let alone that one, but then Sam says, “a huge slut?”
Dean shakes his head, “You can barely walk. Bobby ‘n I will grab Sam, bring him up here. We’ll make sure he’s… that he’s okay. We’ll put him on the pullout.”
He tosses it on over a shoulder to keep his hand empty. Without his jacket on, Dean can’t help but note that Benny’s got broader shoulders than him. That, overall, Benny simply
Sam looks between all of them, “Someone start talking!”
“Love was enough to change me,” Cas declares. Dean hopes Cas can feel how much he loves him right now through their shared soul.
“If I have free will, this is the first step in asserting it. The... um, Sam called it armor,” Cas says, “the armor diverts my form into something acceptable, and controllable. It may be why I’m compelled to follow orders. But I worry that removing it will… change me.”
Dean obeys and immediately burns his mouth on the first bite. It’s good, holy shit it’s good, but it’s hot!
The wound on Cas’ shoulder, that he’d opened up in his panic attack, heals. But only enough that the stitches are no longer necessary. Dean has a feeling the injury on Cas’ hip is in a similar mostly-healed state.
Dean wakes up and swallows his nightmares.
Sam struggles to his feet, his legs give out and he’s crawling in the water pooled on the floor. He’s holding his arms extended. It’s like—
“We gotta go get Sam,” Dean orders, “I gotta make sure he’s okay.”
“I thought it would be educational,” Cas confesses.
Cas thinks he loves Dean in spite of that?
it happen? Could Dean even say it? Can he say it? Does he mean it?
“Well what’s the alternative? Panic? Freak out?”
“There’s no sugar,” Sam says, and he’s grimacing as he speaks like he’s wishing someone would stop him because he can’t stop himself, “it’s— like, it’s healthy.”
“You sure that’s wise?”
“Oh, oh,” Benny says softly, in a way that’s gentle and not patronizing. It’s understanding, it’s tough, and it’s all the words Dean has lodged in his chest that he can’t get out.
“I was ready for the possibility,” he admits.
Benny laughs again at that, “Well, I
Cas looks blank. No rage, no regret, nothing.
“I’m okay,” Cas says, and rubs a hand down Dean’s back, “I’m here.”
Welcome back everyone! Hope y'all are ready cause the ride don't stop. Apologies for writing 'see y'all on wednesday' at the end of last chapter. I forgot what day it was when I was posting ahahaha.
“What is wrong with you?” Sam grumbles. He’s in a mood. Dean considers saying ‘nothing’ but how do you say ‘nothing’ about sex
with him. And if Dean could just stop him, he could save him. He could stop this. They could get rid of the leviathans, they would never have to go on the run. Cas can heal Sam. Dean can fix
“Celestials, as God made us, are wavelengths of intent. We are action, and purpose,” Cas says, “we are exactly as we were made to be. If we change, we are no longer as we were intended. And we were loved for our clarity, for our drive and action. This is in direct contrast to humanity: made to be flawed, to grow, to learn and change. It’s important to understand these concepts, I think.”
“So what’s the deal? Are you gay? Is Cas the exception?” Sam asks when they’re in the car.
“How much longer?” she asks.
They hadn’t talked about it, but Dean figures this might be their thing now. Dean finds it weirder to sleep alone these days than to sleep with someone else— Sam or Cas, around.
Okay. Maybe that’s true. Dean holds tight a moment longer, and then pulls away.
“I like being around you,” Cas says, like that’s something Dean hears all the time. Like it isn’t revolutionary, and makes Dean start sweating. He gets nervous sweats, and angry sweats, and booze sweats, and cold sweats, and… he sweats a lot, okay? It’s gotta be a family thing cause Sam’s just as bad and—
Dean presses himself into the corner of the hallway, keeping his voice down so no one can overhear him, “That’s what I’m trying to tell you!”
“We need to hide,” Cas orders, and he steps back once, twice, and then turns on his heel, “now!”
“That’s thoughtful of you,” Dean says, going for nonchalant. The coat is heavier than he expects. If he wears it to sleep, he thinks he might actually wake up warm for once.
Bobby’s words echo in Dean’s head.
Cas mimics Dean’s touch, hand curling around the curve of Dean’s thigh just above his knee. Dean’s captivated by the feel of it, knows he should shake it off, and he turns to tell Cas that this isn’t how men touch each other, but Cas’ face is right up in his and Dean both becomes hyperaware of the heat from Cas' hand, and forgets to think about his hand at all.
He needs to lock the door. Because he made this mistake once already with Sam, and Sam almost walked in on him and Cas. There's no way Dean can explain this away if Sam walked in on them now.
Dean’s already been branded by Cas, is stupid in love with him. He can’t imagine what more that Cas could get from him. The thought that Cas wants more? That Dean wants to give him more?
“I don’t know. I don’t…” Cas sighs heavily, “I don’t know anything useful.”
Cas’ smile doesn’t budge, “With everything I am.”
“I—” what does he even say? What can he even say?
(See the end of the chapter for
“Seriously?” Dean asks, “you seriously want to kill God?”
“Birds have wings too!” Dean explains, “I’m just trying to be considerate.”
“Yeah,” Dean agrees. He’s thankful that Cas picked avoidance of the big topics. They’ll talk about their stuff later. One day. Maybe. He directs Cas to the stairs and they head back to the kitchen.
“I don’t know,” Cas sighs.
Sam looks like he’s one bad thought away from trying to bite off his fingers again, and that scares Dean more than the fact that he doesn’t know what’s going on with Cas. Dean can only handle so many fires at once, and he doesn’t know where Cas is, but Sam is right in front of him.
of them. It was a complete massacre,” Benny repeats himself, quietly.
“Bobby get the knife!”
fault. Not everything's on you,” Bobby snaps, “but you had to deal with all that shit on your own.”
Bobby gives him a shake and Dean shrugs him off.
Bobby gestures to where Dean is holding Cas’ hand, “The two of you can’t put up a fight, we have no weapons, or bargaining chips. Not to mention Cas looks like he’s one sneeze away from dying. And you wanna call Death himself here?”
Dean freezes in fear. Because he realizes that they left Sam alone, and Sam must have killed himself. Dean wants to turn around, lock the bunker behind them, because if they never find Sam’s body then Dean never failed him.
“It’s… I don’t know. You know I’m… me and Cas, right?” Dean says. And holy shit should Dean drop the fact that he and Cas are sharing his soul? That they want to stay that way? Or is that rubbing it in Benny’s face?
Happy 100k fics Destiel Fandom!
Cas is sitting shotgun, and turns his head to look at him.
Dean hasn’t seen Sam this amped up since he was on demon blood.
Cas can’t use his grace. According to him the Leviathans can smell it, and can use it to track them. But because purgatory is earth-adjacent, it does have slightly different rules. Cas gets his wings back, but in like, a weird way. They’re still all shadowy, and practically not there unless Cas wants them there. And even then they trip Dean’s eyes up because he’s always trying to find what’s
“Well you need to be hard to fuck around, okay?”
Dean’s homemade blade is short, it’s sturdy. He does his best to keep it sharp. But it’s really more like a knife. It’s not even half the size of the leviathans’ teeth. What the fuck can he do with that? He’s a mouse getting pushed around before the cats get bored of playing.
“Fuck you,” Sam spits.
She finishes with a glare at Cas, and Dean wants to wipe that look off her face. As if
Dean gestures upstairs, “Did you hear him? Talking to people who aren’t there— seeing the devil! And making up all that shit about angels and sashimi or whatever—”
“Yeah, well. I promised I would,” Sam says, “besides. It’s, uh, it’s kinda cool seeing you like this.”
“Meg?” Dean repeats. Of
Dean’s been semi-suicidal most of his life. It comes with the job. You have to be ready to go, and as the days wear on and the nights stay long and there’s really no end in sight, no big medal for all your efforts, and only more motel rooms and open roads and strangers in bars too look forwards to… you start to hope it
“Are you hurt?” Cas asks him. He looks so small, and almost human, in the wheelchair.
“Angels don’t exist,” Sam insists.
Dean leans over Sam to check Sam’s pulse at his throat. Sam looks like a wreck. He’s pale as shit, sweating excessively, and hot to the touch. He doesn’t wake up when Dean shakes him.
Sam continues staring at him while they drive.
“Dean?” Cas asks, turning his head.
Cas’ arms come up around him.
“I thought that was about kissing?” Cas asks.
“Well he’s special,” Dean figures.
“You’re the angel that stopped the apocalypse,” Dean insists, “you’re the one who helped save the world--”
“Sam? Hey!” Dean’s prepared for the heat radiating from Sam’s body now when he grabs him.
Sam isn’t talking about it.
“It’s
for free will. No more predestined shit, no more grand design. Now everyone gets to live how they want,
“Dean,” Benny says, that same gentle tone he uses with Andrea, “you’re sure Sam’s stuck?”
When Sam leaves, it’s Dean who stays. Dean who obeys. Dean, who is the good son. Dean is here, to make his father proud. To prove that family
finally comes to fruition!!! Ahh!!!!
Dean doesn’t like thinking about Stoll Cemetery. About watching Cas and Bobby die. About kneeling in the dirt, alone, with just his blood and some rings in the grass and thinking how unfair it was that Dean couldn’t die with Sam.
-new story next wednesday!!!! I'm still not quite done on all the rewrites and breaking everything into chapters, but I do think this story will finish by the end of September <3
It dawns on Dean, the crux of this fear that has him by the throat, “I think he knew I was queer, and that’s why my Dad didn’t like me.”
He and Cas lose contact, and Dean groans like he got punched in the gut. The ragged piece of his soul that Death left him with screams out for the rest of himself that’s inside Cas.
“Orgasm, the finale, what this is all about,” Dean reminds him.
“Ew! No! No douchebag looks,
Dean closes his mouth.
“You’d go alone?”
time now. Benny laughs, calls him a few names, but kneels and gets them both on the floor.
Sam shakes his head, “I think I’m the new Satan. And are you gonna tell me that I don’t deserve some nice, happy life with someone who can love me in a normal way?”
Cas is quiet. He turns to stare out the windshield. Dean’s stomach twists in knots.
Sam latches on to that, “Yeah, yeah!”
“I am not God,” Cas says, and his vessel actually pales at the thought, “I truly hope I am not.”
“Trust me,” Dean assures him.
because Cas knew Dean in hell and thought Dean could be good. Cas loves him, right? But Cas loves like an angel, loves Dean because Dean is his focus because
“A kitsune?” Dean echoes, and like a domino effect, several things start to make sense all at once. Sam and his bleeding heart for monsters, “is that what we were hunting? That’s who you—”
“No,” Cas says, “I wasn’t captured. Though not for lack of trying.”
Dean salutes him with his middle finger.
stuff that might make the guy show up.
Well, duh. Why be queer if he’s not gonna try everything. Wait, what if Cas is stalling. Is Dean coming on too strong?
Dean doesn’t wake up in the night to find either of his companions have tried to claw their eyes out. Neither Cas or Benny suddenly turn on him, no longer recognizing him, and try to kill him. Neither of them attempt to kill themselves, and while Dean fights to keep them both alive, it’s not his
) will be held off for a little bit for my own emotional and mental wellbeing lmao. When I started this I truly thought this series would be something like 20k tops, prequels and other ideas included. I never intended to write the longest fic + series I have ever written in my life!!!! In the meantime, I am at work putting together a bunch of little pieces that I don’t want to write big huge stories for (Sam reuniting with Amy the kitsune, Sam meeting Rowena! Dean, Benny and Cas sitting down and discussing boundaries and how they want things to work! How the heck are Sam n Dean gonna adjust their codependency to fit Cas in?! And more.)
"We might never know," Cas says, "I may never find out what I am, and as long as you are alive and as long as I am not welcome in heaven, I might remain bound to you. But I thought about it, Dean, and I realized that at this moment... even if I wasn't bound to you, I would be here."
Andrea’s coat is stained with Benny’s blood, and she has to toss it in the trunk as well. The sun is out in full force, and she’s wearing a short-sleeve shirt underneath, so Dean offers her his button-up. He feels naked stripped down to just a tee, but he thinks it’s only proper to take care of the soulmate of the vampire he just killed.
Cas pulls away with a frown. Dean starts to chase him, but sees the look on Cas’ face and decides to wait. Cas steps away from him.
“A mouth makes for confusing sensations,” Cas admits.
There is no future, there is no hope. How the fuck were two orphans, a drunk and a fallen angel supposed to stop the fucking apocalypse? Take on heaven, hell and
archangel’s spell it was, “a normal human should have been incinerated from the power of it. Sam is quite impressive.”
“You can have it, if you want,” Dean offers.
with the three fingers inside of him— and his eyes light up. He gets focused like he’s been asked a difficult question, brows slightly furrowed and his lips pressed together.
and isolated from the host. I’m not safe, I’m hiding. I’m outcast.”
He’s staring down at his seatbelt, as if surprised he’s wearing it. It’s the only thing that stopped him from being roadkill. The recoil of their abrupt start slams Sam’s door shut behind him. Sam doesn’t flinch.
“What about Cas?” Dean checks. Even though he can remember now, he was pretty fucked up by the end. He remembers telling Cas the truth. And then… Dean must have passed out. Sam said Cas was taken by the angels, and so Sam took Dean to the hospital. But Cas must have come by after that, to heal him. Which means he got away. So where is he?
Dean tightens his grip on the steering wheel, “This body is
"Better?" Dean asks.
“I choose you,” Cas says again, “and if we were to live through this all over again, I would choose you.”
Sam’s hand comes up to touch Dean’s hand on his chest. Grasps tightly at Dean’s wrist, nails digging into Dean’s skin.
“That sounds like sarcasm,” Dean points out, and he’s rewarded with a small smile.
“He’s gonna be okay, right?” Dean’s going to give himself away if Bobby starts prying, so he looks from Bobby to Sam. Because Sam will know, Sam understands this shit, “right?”
“You can’t be hungry?” Dean repeats, “cause I remember you going wild for hamburgers when we were hunting the horsemen.”
“Bullshit!” Sam shouts, “I saw him! I watched him do it!”
by the scariest man you have ever laid eyes on.' There wasn't even prize money for winning, just the thrill of being hunted
Cas lifts a hand to reach out to him, thinks better of it and drops his arm to his side.
There’s a weird noise, like a breaking wave. Dean can’t figure out what would make it, and he forgets to think about it almost immediately. Because over the edge of their alcove, over the view of the leviathan’s feet, comes the huge, rounded head. It’s teeth are so big it’s mouth can’t close. It’s multiple eyes flash silver in the low light, like a cat under a flashlight. Dean can’t get a good look at them to see which way it’s looking. They’re weirdly small though, and it takes his brain a second to realize that the leviathan is mostly blind. Because it’s got long… well, they kind of look like tentacles, but they’re maybe whiskers? Antennae? That quiver every time it inhales loudly through it’s fangs.
?” Benny hisses. The piece of Cas connected to the vessel vibrates like a guitar string. Dean feels the tremor of it in the hair on his arms, the back of his neck. It’s almost like a leviathan roar. And then the whole there-but-not-there translucent mass of Cas’ body crawls into the vessel like sucking jello through a straw.
weird powers?
“Yes,” Cas says, and for a moment he closes his eyes like he’s thinking about how great bees are. Dean can’t relate.
Sam’s not responding.
But it strikes Dean that Cas and Sam have a relationship outside of him. He knew they were training together, yeah, but other than that: this is Dean’s brother, and this is… well, Dean’s best friend.
“It’s not ‘hurting’ you. You’re running a current through a wire not made for such a surge,” Death explains.
Dean almost laughs. He’s never been so casual and so tense about sex, with anyone. He’s never loved anyone like he loves Cas, either.
Benny had said.
And Dean breathes in, breathes out, and the thing in his chest that feels like it’s about to snap finally eases.
“Move,” Benny orders.
Dean walks onto the front porch to find Crowley, Naomi and some weird older dude that he doesn’t recognize all scuttling around at the edges of the wards, barely visible in the glow of Bobby’s shitty porch light. He spies some motionless reapers floating around being creepy as fuck. And a few angel, or maybe demon, mooks nervously pacing. It’s a whole party.
This is a slap to the face. This is ice water poured over his head. This is the rug being pulled out from under him. Dean sees everyone else’s minds racing just as fast as his.
"Do you?" Dean asks.
It’s only a lifetime of training that keeps Dean alive. He’s getting fucking swarmed, there’s a werewolf trying to rip his calf off, different shifter trying to gut him. His sword arm is being held by a fucking vamp of all things. Dean does the stupid thing. Throws his weight into the vamp, rears back to kick the wolf with his free leg. Feels nose crunch under his boot. Swings a fist. Punches the shifter. Jaw doesn’t break, but Dean feels his knuckles split on it’s sharp teeth.
Cas remembers who he is, what he is, and what he’s done.
He’s warm, can feel someone against his back. He’s in what looks like a small cave. Low ceiling, maybe enough to stand. Just enough floor space for two or three people to lay down. Color in the corner of his eye catches his attention, and while he’s wearing Benny’s coat, a norm for him these days, Dean is laying on a tan coat. Neither Dean or Benny have a coat like that. So why is it here?
And then Sam gets serious, "I want to do this, Dean. And I think I can. But… I promised that if you said to stop, that I would. So it… it’s your call.”
knows about him. He’s too earnest, to genuine, to lie well. The best he can do is lie by omission. So when he says he’s going to fuck you up? He’ll back that threat up. And he’s got the power to do it now.
Dean's polite, and shakes Benny's hand. He's alive because of Benny, because Benny saved his ass in purgatory more times than Dean can count. He doesn't protest the one-armed hug, hands clasped between them. Like Cas, Benny is someone Dean trusts.
“We can try,” Dean agrees, “in what— how do you wanna do this?”
“I don’t!” Cas agrees, equally angry, “but you need to be scared!”
Death glares at Cas over his shoulder, “I told you to be quiet. If you talk again, I will kill you.”
Cas is going to go on loving Dean, no matter what Dean says. And Dean… almost likes the idea of that. Not that he’s queer or anything. It’s just weird, in a new way, to think there’s someone who isn’t family, who actually knows him, and thinks he’s still worth something.
He can’t focus on driving.
But Sam is just so far away. Sam isn’t here, thank god, but Dean hasn’t seen Sam in what he is starting to worry has been weeks. If not a month. Maybe more.
“I wouldn’t wish that kind of choice on anyone,” Bobby says, and he claps a heavy hand on Dean’s shoulder, “but I would have taken care of you all the same.”
He can stall, he decides. He’s sucked dick before. Benny thought he was good at it. Dean learned a host of other positions and things from Benny. And it’s not like Cas will know if Dean’s bad at any of it. Unless Meg did that for him.
Sam springs into action, heading for the fridge, and Dean wants to scream. They aren’t really pop-people— they’re beer people, or straight whiskey. The only carbonation they’d have is Sam and Bobby’s stupid carbonated water—
Dean can’t think about it too long. He’s half-convinced Dad will drag himself out of heaven just to throttle some sense into him. Which only makes Dean angrier.
Dean swallows, nods, “Yes sir.”
Cas moves to Sam’s other side, no concern for the water soaking into his pants as he kneels. He places a palm over Sam’s forehead.
say no, because no one is supposed to admit to liking it.
his face is fucked. It’s amazing he can see anything through all that blood. Sam spits out a chunk of something, Dean grimaces because there’s gaps in his teeth that weren’t there before. Fucking angels.  Dean reaches out to tap Sam’s arm, a small comfort. He’s okay, he’s alive. They need to get the hell out of here.
“It will likely mean getting involved in heaven’s… politics, again,” Cas says.
“I don’t expect to be gone long, but I figure this can help you stay warm. Hopefully it’ll mask your smell too.”
Sam opens his eyes.
“There’s beer in my shoe,” Dean mutters.
Dean spares a glance to Cas and Sam. They were both fucked up going into this, but they don’t look dead. Yet. They can probably last a few more minutes. Cause if they do die that’s going to be a world of hassle. And will probably occupy a lot of time that Dean could be using to go get some water. Okay, priorities. He’ll sate his thirst, then come back for the others. If they’re dead there’s not much he can do for them anyways.
They get Cas onto Bobby’s couch. He’s bleeding everywhere, and shining hot grace-light. Dean falls into familiar territory. He’s played triage for Dad, Sam and even himself since Dad taught him stitches when he was seven.
“Grab a condom,” Dean instructs.
“Go for two,” Dean orders.
Cas takes the can carefully. He handles everything carefully, like he’s afraid his soft hands might break anything he touches. Their fingers overlap, and Dean’s palms start sweating. Christ, he’s like a teenager all over again. He tries to subtly drag his hands up his thighs to wipe them off.
“You okay there?” Bobby asks.
He’s not. He won’t. This is his normal now. There’s an absence, a gaping wound in Dean’s life, and he doesn’t know how to stop the bleeding. He doesn’t know how to talk about Cas, if he
“Yeah, he’s pretty cool,” Dean agrees. He thinks he does a good job at keeping his tone neutral.
“Maybe,” Dean agrees, “but what did you say your orders were? ‘Save me and protect me’, right? That’s a lot of leeway—”
Everything about Sam is the opposite of that. Everything about Sam is so messy.
Dean considers doing it again, but decides he’s too tired to annoy Cas.
“Yes,” Cas says, “though since smiting you would likely give away our position, I might hold back.”
How proud he is of Sam, of that day in Stull, watching his brother be the bravest, strongest man the world never deserved.
They’re squatting in an old house. It’s cold, it smells awful. The furniture is shit, and one of the chairs broke under Dean’s weight so they’re just sitting on the floor while they wait for a call.
It’s not even a question. Dean would have stopped him. Dean would have put himself between Dad and Sam like a shield.
“I’m afraid,” Cas confesses, and Dean waits.
“Yeah,” Dean agrees, lets his shoulders drop, “you— take care of yourself.”
It's only as Cas moves, all awkward and hesitant, that Dean is reminded of something about true form the size of a skyscraper, of Sam ranting about how angels aren't creatures like wolves or bears, but more like light and sonic booms that are almost limitless. He remembers Cas holding him in one hand, in purgatory. Cas folds easily as Dean cups a hand to the back of his neck, pulls him down so they're chest to chest, and rests his head on top of Cas'.
“What do you care,” Dean asks.
Benny watches him like a hawk as Dean wipes the blood off with his hand.
“Well,” Benny says, sounding bashful, “I am much cuter than you.”
is what I’m truly like,” Cas barrels ahead, “or, maybe I’m like a leviathan. Or something even worse. But I— I need to know. I need to know who I am, with as little influence as possible.”
“We can’t stay here— others are going to be drawn in by the scent of blood,” Benny explains, “so let’s walk and talk.”
“There’s supposed to be a direction to this, but it’s really hard to read,” he admits.
! Under control is where he belongs— look at the devastation he has caused on his own. And that is still with the restraints he has worn for thousands of years. Imagine the destruction that will happen when he cannot be restrained.”
“A friend,” Cas corrects him. Okay, Cas definitely likes Meg. Is making it clear that he likes her.
Warnings for this chapter: canon-typical violence with a shade of grisly, angels being dicks, and talk about Sam's "Bad Year Habits" aka self harm.
They’re celebrating birthdays, or Christmas or something. Dean thinks he made up a good enough excuse to sell Sam on it. He got Cas to zap Bobby to the Bunker so that no one had to make the round trip. Dean and Bobby spent the afternoon cooking together, officially breaking in the bunker kitchen. Now it’s beer, snacks and cards all night.
“It’s fine, I forgot to swipe some utensils,” Dean assures him.
Fucker thinks he’s going to dodge talking about this? Dean pulls away from Cas to follow right on Sam’s heels. There’s a brief moment where Cas doesn’t move, and his grip pulls at Dean’s shirt, but he lets go before Dean has to make a scene of it. Dean takes up post in the middle of the kitchen as Sam chugs and spits some water into the sink, and Bobby and Cas follow them in.
Cas takes a moment to tally, “Including this one? Five.”
Cas steps closer to him. They’re almost toe to toe.
“Hell yeah it’s personal,” Sam snaps, “you heard Death. Everything that’s ever happened to me— to our family, and people I care about— was to fuck me up enough that I’d be the perfect match for Lucifer, and that I’d destroy the world. So yeah. I want to give some payback.”
losing Cas hurts so badly. And everything he’s feeling leads back to Cas. Leads back to Dean being queer. Which throws everything about their lives into complete chaos.
“No,” Dean insists, “I’m doing this. Sam you have to
WARNINGS FOR PURGATORY: Violence and gore (show-level stuff). There are threats of sexual assault. Purgatory is a weird mix of sex and violence.
And like a cliche out of a bad movie, the leader growls, “Well, well, well. What do we have here?”
Sam shrugs, “Everything’s a blur. I was scared a lot, but I also remember knowing I was going to be okay one day. I knew you were looking after me, and as long as you were there everything was going to be okay.”
Benny
Dean isn’t sure what he’s expecting when he unlocks and opens his door, but he
Dean misses Cas so much it makes him sick.
is about Sam dead stop.
Cas shoves Dean so hard he flies across the alley and hits the far wall. It knocks the wind out of him. Dean’s never appreciated all the times Cas swoops in to save their asses, because a pissed off angel is
it hisses, and then it opens its mouth wide and
Cas looks over his shoulder, back towards the living room where they left Sam, “What a joke. He reduced me to a coffin of flesh!”
“He’s got a point,” Dean says, and he almost flinches when Cas turns that scowl on him.
Benny comes first, all over his hand. Then he jerks Dean off, rough and fast, until Dean has to bite down on Benny’s shoulder to keep from being too loud when he orgasms, and Benny doesn’t stop touching him until Dean pushes him away.
“Well, hate to break it to you, but I’m probably not gonna be good for another one tonight, now.”
Dean stands up quickly.
Okay, okay, his soul. Cas vibes to that when Dean’s happy. That’s what he’s talking about. But about Sam?
“My dad?” and Dean decides on laughing. He points again at Sam, “Dad wouldn’t have put up with that! He would have had Sam on his feet, and holding it together. What we’re doing is letting Sam be— be— whatever the fuck this is.”
But he can’t go any further. He can barely keep his feet moving.
“An angel— archangel,” Sam corrects himself, and he looks bewildered at this trip up the food chain that Death has taken him on.
Cas blinks in surprise and looks up to Dean, “You’re happy. About this?”
Dean groans, “That’s a—”
It takes all of a second, and now everyone’s staring at him.
Cas doesn’t react to Dean dropping down beside him. Dean has half a mind to give him a nudge and see if Cas just falls over. Maybe the vessel is empty right now? It’d be kinda funny.
spot, and that it feels weird to be on this side of the bed.
He’s held completely by Cas’ gaze. That Cas
Cas was the one who lead the rebelling faction, with the intention of establishing new order in heaven. They were outnumbered and out-gunned by Raphael’s forces. Hence: the soul fiasco and what resulted in the Leviathans coming to earth, and later to Dean and Cas going to purgatory for a year.
“I want to have sex with you,” Cas declares.
Dean breathes slowly. A lifetime of training tells him to be ready to fight. For his life, because the things that do this want to kill him.
No, not an angel. Because Cas isn’t even that. He’s something else— a seraphim. Dangerous, determined and relentless. What did the leviathan call Cas?
Does Cas not get that? Does he think Dean doesn’t find him hot or something?
Death raises an eyebrow at that, “You think love is enough to control him? Battalions of angels were sent to stop him, and failed. Why would a human go unleashing something like that on the world?”
Dean’s trying to figure it out: at what point did being
“For what?” Dean asks.
Bobby, Cas and Dean have reconvened in the kitchen. Cas is in the wheelchair, with Dean keeping a hand on his bare shoulder so Dean can use his soul for this conversation. Dean seriously debates pulling away. The longer he has his soul the more he wants to scream and throw a fit. Sam’s in danger, and Dean let him walk right into it. Dean practically
Cas is caught up in his head, and Dean can only imagine what’s going on in there. And it’s probably not something as pathetic as Dean’s confession. That’s just Dean being selfish, hoping that Cas is sitting there thinking about him. Cas’ whole family thinks he’s a monster, and wants to keep him in chains and rip his brain apart to make him a good soldier. And they’ve been doing this for years. Dean is
your big news?”
Cas glowers at Benny, but there’s a curl of a smile in the corner of his mouth.
“We’re not done,” Dean reminds him, and hesitates, “unless you are?”
Dean hears the distant sound of a chair scraping downstairs, of what must be Bobby moving around.
“It’s not spicy,” Sam assures him.
“I’m aware of copulation, and that humans use it to strengthen intimate bonds, and as a means of showing affection. But it gets so messy,” Cas says. It’s on the tip of Dean’s tongue to ask what he and Meg did, but he doesn’t want Cas pulling up comparisons between him and a chick. Dean feels he’ll probably come up short, even if the chick is a demon.
Dean snags a beer from the fridge and makes his way outside, alone.
Naomi holds up her hands, in a clear ‘I come in peace’ sign. Yeah, right. She steps up to the edge of the wards, as close as she can to the bottom of the porch stairs.
This is a joke, on a universal scale, at Dean’s expense.
“Hey, you’re not making any sense,” Dean says. He reaches forwards to grab Cas’ clean hand. And holy shit Cas is practically
“No,” Cas says, “we are all like brothers, and sisters. United.”
Cas’ face falls. “Is that a low number?” Cas asks.
News of the angel tablet has only made things worse.
“I don’t want you to be my father,” Cas says.
And Dean’s itching to know
“He wouldn’t be making us dinner, that’s for sure,” Sam points out, “but, uh, I don’t think it really matters. He’s not here.”
“To sleep,” Dean corrects, because Cas doesn’t sleep and finds sleep weird and annoying, which makes him cranky and difficult to deal with, “so, uh, our plans are probably on hold. You can take off if you want.”
Sam makes a
“Did you ever…” and he’s not sure how to say this, like maybe he’ll get a swat to the back of the head for being an idiot,  “were you hoping I’d take my dad out?”
…’. No waiting for him to die, or to kill him, to be free of him.
(See the end of the chapter for
Benny’s strong— it’s probably a vampire thing, but Dean’s not counting. Dean always liked being able to pick women up, to carry them to bed. Made them all excited, let him feel like a real strong guy in comparison. Let him flex his muscles and be extra masculine. Dean never liked getting tossed around by monsters, because it made him feel small and weak, and so he figured chicks like being made to feel all soft and dainty. With Benny, he finally
(some Cas inspo, perhaps?)
Cas looks down at Dean’s hand between them. Dean relaxes his fingers, giving Cas an open invitation.
Dean acts before he thinks about it, and pulls out his phone and tosses it to Cas.
“Sam!” What the fuck? Did he wake up on the wrong side of the bed? Is he still pissed at Cas for hurting Dean, even though it’s more than clear that Cas was being controlled? Sam pauses only a second at the interruption, his jaw twitches. Fuck, he’s still on edge.
“Benny’s awesome,” Sam notes when it’s just the two of them again.
“I want to try,” Cas says, “I’m a seraph. I was designed for destruction. The perversion of my nature, to deny my intention for violence, may even aid Sam in upsetting the design of the universe.”
“I’m sorry,” Dean confesses, and he reaches out to put a hand on Cas’ knee, where it’s closest to Dean. Thinks briefly to sitting on Bobby’s back porch, hand curled around Cas’ knee.
after the magic he channeled, so he’s probably due a long recovery.
Dean is
“No,” Cas says, “if we’re ever in a situation to choose between your life and Sam’s, I’ll choose you. Every time.”
What the fuck is that supposed to mean? Dean glares up at Sam, and flinches as Sam’s arms light up with that creepy-unsettling crawling light under his skin from the trials. He hears Sam gasp softly, like stepping into a cold bath.
There’s a cry, deeper into the woods. A wolf howl, maybe. Some pack of werewolves found a hunt. The leviathan’s head comes up, whiskers on the front of its blunt face quiver.
worst day.”
him. It’s not even a nightmare! They were in the middle of eating and he just lost it.
“Wait. If this— if my soul cuts you off from heaven,” Dean realizes, “then— your orders? Are they still compelling you?”
Dean sighs, “I don’t— I know you won’t. But getting involved with heaven… are you sure?”
Is Death saying what Dean thinks he’s saying?
Dean shakes his head, “That was all you. I talked, you did the hard part.”
Sam furrows his brow.
? Why didn’t Cas mention this?
Sam’s literal death, ended up being something relatively inconsequential.
Bobby sends Dean out of the kitchen, to stand in the hall and wait like he’s the one who was bad and needs to be put in a time out. Dean listens to Bobby talking to Sam, getting him his toast. Sam’s quiet voice— meeker than Dean’s ever heard him. It makes Dean
Dean looks at his hands again. Sees his Dad going after Sam, sees
Dean slept in the protective shadow of Cas’ wings for a year. Cas has sat guard over Dean for months since his return. They’ve never laid down together like this.
“Why?”
She rubs at her temples with her fingertips, “This isn’t helping.”
“You sound like Dad,” Sam snaps at Dean, and for the first time, it’s an insult that Dean feels to his core.
“No?” Benny asks. Shifts a bit closer.
“I know, I know,” Benny waves him off, “and I told you: I don’t care. Offer’s open. If you want something Dean, all you gotta do is ask.”
. Dean’s job is to look after Sam, to take care of him. There’s no way that Dean’s been doing the opposite.
Dean grabs at the bottom of Cas’ shirt. Even out of like five layers and he’s
“Death pulled Sam’s soul out of hell,” Dean realizes, “but he fucked up. He got Sam but he must have pulled out Lucifer with him. We’re going to summon that son of a bitch and make him clean up his fucking mess.”
Dean isn’t sure if Sam’s wrong.
“I’m good with my hands,” Dean tries not to sound like a lovesick fool and fails, “so I, uh, if you can bring the bees. I’ll build all the bee houses you need.”
“Do you think we’re gonna be like this forever?” Dean wonders. How are they going to live if they can’t separate without feeling like they got hit by a car, and then backed up over.
With no other options, Dean goes to the closest thing he can call home. He doesn’t call ahead, because if Bobby’s not there then Dean has no one and nothing. He should have stayed in purgatory.
That’s a mark of a home, Dean figures. A kitchen you dance in with your family. With the people you love.
. Dean knows this song and dance. He’s charismatic, he draws people in, and he builds up some tension with them. They’re either gonna fuck or fight at some point, and, well, Dean doesn’t fight chicks, and he sure doesn’t fuck dudes.
It’s a punch to the fucking gut, is what it is.
Dean can’t argue that. Cas is awesome, but sometimes the angel in him really shows.
Dean holds up his hands, helpless, “A week? Longer? But he wasn’t this bad off. He had actual eyeballs last time.”
“Why the hell would I trust you?”
“A while. You’ve woken occasionally, but you required more substantial rest. I watched over you,” Cas says.
“That’s…” Bobby hesitates.
“I’d know you anywhere,” Dean assures him.
to be better.
“Because we’re getting this info from your imaginary friend who, well, just so happens to be the fucking devil,” Dean snaps, rounding on Sam.
It occurs to him, after everything he and Cas talked about now, Dean probably won’t be fucked by anyone else ever again. Because he has Cas. As long as Cas wants him, Dean wants
“That sounds like an order,” Cas says darkly, “so let me show you my free will.”
Cas says it so earnestly, so easily, it’s like he has no idea how crazy those words are, coming from a guy. It’s such a shock that it knocks Dean out of commission for a heavy, long silence.
Sam sighs, “I don’t know. I cut it all out though.”
Actually… now that he mentions it. That makes sense to Dean. If it was all about the bloodline, then
Thank you everyone for the kind words last chapter! I loved getting to introduce Andrea, as well as Benny's 'it's complicated' status to Dean. Dean deserves a 'I went to Purgatory and all I got was 2 husbands (and vored)' shirt
“I don’t think they’d fit here,” Sam figures, “the bunker has no outdoor space.”
“But I gotta ask for it first,” Dean finishes for him, “yeah, I know.”
Dean glances over at him. They’d finally convinced him to give up the housecoat and put on normal clothing— so he’s in the jeans and rolling stones shirt dean snagged from walmart. He looks so casual, like he’s just any other guy, that Dean wants to get his hands on him to feel the rumble of Cas hiding under the human shell.
of these damn woods? He hasn’t seen the sky, or the sun itself, in months. Since he left earth. He
Dean holds up his hands, “I’m not saying that. I’m not telling you what to do. But maybe you’re, uh, being too quick to solve a problem—”
“Thank you,” Cas says.
Cas gives Dean a squinty, angry look.
Sam has either figured out that they’re not gonna hurt him, or he’s too weak to fight them off. In any case, it makes Dean’s job easy as he helps Bobby strip Sam out of his wet outer layers and check for any other injuries.
Fuck, oh fuck. This is exactly what Dean didn’t want. He doesn’t want this to be a big deal. He doesn’t want tearful heart-to-hearts. He sucks in a sob and ducks his head to press it into Bobby’s shoulder. Bobby smells like old books, old booze and that super weird smell old men get. He smells like a fucking dad.
Bobby drinks rather than try to respond to that. Sam tries to turn away to hide but instead bursts into a fit of giggles. Dean kicks him under the table.
“So what happened? Who was the woman?”
“Hold on,” Cas says, and this time he uses both hands to hold Sam’s big head. This time Dean recognizes the pose as a scan, when Cas has checked to see what’s wrong with them many times over the years.
that something will take him out.
special about him. Cas isn’t even in anything sexy— it’s his stupid button up with all the buttons, and he’s even wearing his tie still, but good god Dean wants him so badly. Wants to touch his hairy thighs, wants to get his mouth on Cas’ dick.
“Knock it off,” he orders, “but okay, yeah, I hear you. You’re nervous about teaching Sam. We’ll keep looking for someone else to do it. But can you, uh, do me a favor?”
“And when he’s ready to talk, you say sorry for being an ass,” Bobby orders.
“He didn’t,” Sam says.
“I’m sorry,” Cas says soon after, at night outside of Lisa’s house. Dean meets him on the front lawn, isn’t ready to let him inside just yet. Isn’t sure how to explain Cas to Lisa, or if he ever will.
“How— what?” Dean is a broken record. But he’s trying to picture Cas researching— like what the fuck does that even mean? What ideas does Cas have in his head? Does he know shit about being queer that Dean doesn’t? Probably. Dean’s really bad at this.
“We are,” she says.
a case? It’s Christmas!— that he kind of doesn’t care if Sam’s grossed out or not. Sam’s always grossed out by sex stuff anyways.
Sam doesn’t respond— well, obviously, because Sam is still mute, blind and deaf, but he’s looking right at Death like he can see him. Dean wishes he wasn’t sprawled out on the pullout beside Sam. It’s humiliating to be caught in bed like this. He’s still got crumbs from lunch on his shirt.
Dean’s tucked on his stomach, the way he used to sleep as a kid when he was dumb to the monsters and all the ways he needed to protect himself. The way he slept before going to hell, when being in bed was somewhere he felt safe. He’s been looking up at Cas while he thinks.
Dean shrugs, “I— I’m still wrapping my head around this thing—”
He wants to be.
“What does that mean?” Dean cuts in, “and what about the shit you said about Lucifer? Explain that!”
meal, just one to go down, something normal, and Sam can’t even keep it together for this?
Cas is dead. Cas loved him. Dean misses him.
“Thank you,” Dean insists.
“I can’t really do it, on top like this, but if you use your hand you can get both of us together,” Dean instructs. Cas goes for his dick immediately, and Dean bites his lip to feel Cas’ hand on him. He’s too soft with his touch, hesitant and unsure, and Dean can’t take his eyes off of Cas’ face as Cas focuses on exactly what he’s doing with his hand.
“Take care of Sam,” Dean reminds himself. That’s what he’s here for. That’s his job.
“Meg,” Cas clarifies.
The air burns different in his lungs. He gets tired faster. It's like he's been downgraded from the new model to a knockoff.
“I told you: all you gotta do is ask,” Benny says.
the skin that’s actually Cas. That it’s a creature he can’t look at without his brain blowing out, that he’s given his soul to, and that loves him like nothing ever has.
“I’ve got you, Sam,” Dean insists, recalling Sam’s words before he dragged both archangels into the cage, “it’s going to be okay.”
a vacation,
“I thought you were cute,” Dean says.
In they end they change positions again, so they’re tangled up together, making out and jerking each other off. Cas is a quick study, easily mimicking anything Dean does to him, improving on it with the hum of angel grace under the skin. Cas doesn’t last much longer, once he’s taken his walls down and is fully experiencing his dick. And Dean can’t keep off him, as much as he wants to take in the full image of Cas’ eyes lighting up, of his mouth falling open as he groans and the furrow in his brow, of how his back arches and he thrusts up into Dean’s hand, and Dean wants to kiss him and hold him close, just as much as he wants to sit back and watch. And Dean’s getting close himself, just watching Cas lose himself for the first time like this. Somewhere in the back of his mind he’d like it if they came together. He thinks that would blow Cas’ mind. He thinks he can assure his position as a better lay than Meg.
“You’ve always got me,” Benny promises.
“Are you— are you close?” Dean checks.
“Stable?” Dean echoes.
Cas’ smile gets even brighter, and Dean thinks of that scene in the Grinch where his heart grows like nine sizes or whatever. Cause that’s what’s happening to him.
“Home,” he muses with a smile, “I like that.”
“I’m sorry I hurt you,” Cas confesses, “it’s one of the worst things I’ve ever done.”
Cas looks at him, and Dean has to look away. Cas can always
“I was— I was going to kill us,” Dean confesses, “I was— Sam was only getting worse. He kept trying to kill himself. And he didn’t— he didn’t know who I was, or where we were. He was gone. And I— I was trying to make sure he’d have a spot in heaven, and then… and then I was gonna—”
(See the end of the chapter for
. People shouldn’t be fucking around with this kind of stuff, let alone a Winchester. The people that fuck with this kind of stuff make the problems that Dean has to fix. With violence.
Dean ends the night sitting on the back porch, looking out over the scrap cars. The lights of the city glow in the distance. He loves Bobby’s back porch. Outside of the impala, this is his favorite seat in the world.
,” Sam says, with all the petulance of a little brother. Dean changed his mind: he’s going to strangle Sam.
Oh. Shit. This is the guy who Cas is kind of endorsing. Dean wonders if he’s supposed to be nice to him. He holds off on shooting him, which is basically the same thing.
Cas shakes his head, “It’s possible, as weaves and songs are unique to their user, but I am the only one familiar with Sam’s weaving style, and he has not broadcast his skills to the world at large. Most don’t even know his powers have returned. So it’s unlikely.”
“You’ve never been on a date?” Bobby demands.
Dean doesn’t know which is worse.
to take care of Sam. So it’s his job, his purpose, to survive and get back to Sam. Because Sam is
Dean frowns, “I don’t know how I feel about working with witches, man. Are you sure Cas can’t keep teaching you?”
Cas flexes his fingers wide again, and that’s it. That’s all she wrote for Dean, and he comes with a shout. Cas crowds in on him, mouth not leaving Dean’s. Dean has to turn away from him, to get space to breathe. Cas kisses down his jawline, onto his throat. Dean half expects Cas to bite him, and is a little disappointed when he doesn’t.
It hits the inside of Dean’s calf, tumbles over and spills into his boot.
“Is everything okay?” Bobby asks, noting that Dean’s alone.
Dean feels his heart stop. The entire conversation they’ve had since coming into the kitchen plays rapid fire in his head. Dean tearing up, fucking
“At least I’m still me,” Benny figures, “so long as I’m here, I know I lived. That in some way, I still do exist. You get eaten, and it’s like you never mattered at all.”
“No!” Dean argues, “Cas, I already said how I feel about you. I meant it. I’m— this is what I want.
Warnings: blunt discussions of suicidal intentions, ideations and mentions of attempts (references to the events of s7 of this fic) Dean is looking to be the returning champion of repression. Mild ableist language.
“Focus on relaxing,” Cas orders. He bends down to kiss the inside of Dean’s thigh, which makes Dean’s heart skip in ways that aren’t just horny. And then Cas bites him.
So it’s not that Dean
Sam makes it through the portal, looking frazzled, but in one piece. He meets them on the forestry road, hiking down from the purgatory exit. He explains that Crowley and Naomi were here when he jumped out, but that he took care of it.
“You got shot in the head, on my watch,” Dean reminds him.
“You are mundane, and yet, like an angel,” Cas says, and looks at him earnestly, “I see it in you. Despite all of the pain, and the anger you project, at your core, you
Bobby comes to join him and Cas, “You want anything to eat? My treat.”
“Don’t be sorry,” Cas says, “I promised not to leave you. You kept me honest.”
“He’s a little more than that,” Sam says. And he’s looking right at Dean. Because he
“They said it could be an hour,” Bobby announces.
“Weird? What’s weird?” Dean presses. Angels are already weird enough. Is this good weird or bad weird?
times?”
“I’m not breaking up with Cas.”
“What?”
and really emphasize the changes- because they're both small and yet HUGE to compare where Dean and Cas were, to where they are now (in both relationship w each other, and who they are as individuals)
“I’m not queer,” Dean informs Benny, again.
Cas’ eyes are still bright from his freak out earlier. It makes them look brilliantly blue, even without his grace.
“I know,” Cas says, earnestly, “it told me.”
,” Dean says, “and— and I almost lost you. Just lay down with me, for a bit, okay?”
“You’re saying my soul and my body are two different things,” Sam points out. Dean’s stomach drops. What a horrible thing to hear.
that means they’re gonna fuck or fight. Dean’s pretty sure he knows which one it is. A hunter and a vampire? Yeah, they’re gonna rip each other apart. That’s how it goes.
"It's real," Dean cuts him off. Cas thinks Dean's about to run after Benny for a booty call? Well, back in purgatory Dean was always thirsting after Benny. Often to Cas’ expense.
Dean grits his teeth, holds back the rest of his apology. It was just more excuses anyways. Cas heard enough, so why go over it again.
Dean only knows them as human-shaped things who can have huge mouths when they choose to reveal them. But that’s wrong and he knows it— they were never actually human. They took on the shape and form of their human bodies. They could pass as human, but they were
“I figured,” Benny laughs, “we’ll pick this up later.”
“Smell good too,” Benny says, and licks his lips.
“You’re kinda stalling here,” Dean points out, “just tell us what’s wrong with Sam and you can go.”
“I don’t,” Dean shakes his head, “look, I go save people cause it’s the right thing to do. But the number of people I care about? That I can say I’ve loved, like, in any sense of the word? I can count on one hand, dude. Sam is way more loving than I am.”
I’m very excited for the events of s7 though, because this is truly Dean’s pivotal year of deciding who he’s going to be. If this sounds like it’s too heavy or too much for you to read, there is a tl;dr at the end of the chapter to give a brief summary of what happens this chapter.
fuck! He feels Cas open his mouth, feels Cas’ hand go to the back of his head to cradle him as Cas practically leans over him, pushing Dean back into the stair railing, and Dean grabs for the front of Cas’ coat to cling to him and he—
And then there’s Cas. Who drops in, is in his corner. So Dean isn’t actually alone, he’s got Cas. And that… sits differently. He’s still got that
. But that doesn’t feel right so he deletes that before he sends it.
“No! It’s freaking God! Look at all the shit that happened to us when we took on the apocalypse— and we didn’t even kill anyone to stop that!”
Sam rocks back on his heels, clearly not expecting this.
only pop in to see him. And Dean… well, he’s not like some lovestruck teenager anymore; all bashful just because someone hot is super into him. But he’s in a good mood. So sue him!
close. To be looking up at Cas like this. To be laying like this, plainly in the middle of Bobby’s living room.
Dean frowns, “So you’ve never, you know, date with rosie palms?”
“I want you to orgasm,” Cas says, “your soul was… radiant, earlier. I want to do that again, and bask in it.”
Cas bottoms out, and Dean whimpers. Fuck he’s never felt anything like this before. He’s never been fucked like this before.
“You fucked guys?” Dean repeats. He can’t stop his voice from creeping into a high whine.
Cas barely considers this, “I’m not a man, Dean.”
They’ve been on a good streak. Sam’s nightmares have either been manageable enough, or not happening, and Sam’s been sleeping fairly well on his own.
He doesn’t wake up when Dean shakes him.
him, and with strength no human should have, pulls Dean up and practically on top of him.
“I don’t understand,” Cas admits.
Dean falls in love a little more.
Sam’s recounting less and less. Even when he seems lucid, like he’s having a good day, he isn’t able to remember what they talked about only a few hours prior. Dean doesn’t know what to do when he sees the fear in Sam’s eyes as he realizes he’s losing himself. He doesn’t know what he’s going to do if he loses Sam.
It’s on the tip of Dean’s tongue to spill, to tell Sam just
Dean hates that his brother woke up covered in new scars, and is so used to awful things happening to him that he didn’t waste energy in trying to find out where they came from.
? And then they kill their hostages.
And then it all cuts out. Silence.
Dean’s got vivid recollection of Sam after Cas almost killed him, of how Sam had been one small step from going postal out of fear of losing Dean. They’re so fucking codependent, it’s probably not healthy, but they’re family. They’re all each other’s got. It’s worth fighting for.
They’re pissed about Cas, but rather than go after him for existing, seems like they’re going to take it out on the little humans Cas associates with.
Sam’s losing weight pretty quickly, no matter how much food Dean pushes at him. He and Bobby trade off cooking, and they’re buying veggie platters, salads, yogurt,
Cas tries to look like he has no idea what he’s doing, and bites his lip to try and stop himself from smiling. Fuck he’s so cute. Dean can’t help but grin to match.
“I’m not—” Dean tries.
“I missed you,” Dean confesses.
It strikes Dean suddenly that it’s very much like being in hell. And there’s no end, because you sold your soul to save your brother, and this is the sad ending to your sad life, and everything is pain. But not yours, because you’re too soft, too weak, and you’re too good at hurting and torture and the demons think you’re a natural, that all the skills your Dad gave you made you into the perfect demon before you died. And you’re celebrated and praised and the worst thing is how much you love it, how much you crave that praise and camaraderie and the
submit. You’re too dangerous—”
They haven’t been alone, just the two of them, since… since Dean was on his knees, confessing his love, while Cas was breaking free of Naomi’s control. Dean’s throat feels tight. He wants to speak, to say something, but what is there to say? There’s
Like Sam's connection to Amelia, Dean's connection with Benny is something I'm intending to explore further in later stories <3
“I’ve got you,” Dean promises.
He’s scared
“He wasn’t supposed to tell you,” Sam figures.
He pushes down on the gas, watches the speedometer climb on this gorgeous day, with the love of his life beside him and the open road in front of him. Zeppelin picks up for the chorus.
“What the hell?” Dean asks. Cas doesn’t let go of him, is keeping contact. The dazzle clears from Dean’s head and he looks down to where they’re touching.
“I know you’re new to this, but that’s what hungry sounds like,” Bobby points out.
“My condolences,” she says, and Dean can practically hear her roll her eyes.
"I said— when we— when we kissed. That when I got home, we could try, you know, other stuff—"
human, and that static vibe in the air feels like any spark could set off an explosion, “I want you so badly it
“He loves me!” Dean snaps, “he— Cas is in love with me.”
Thank you to everyone who has taken the time to leave a comment! You're the best and I adore and cherish you <33
“Sam doesn’t know,” Dean keeps talking, “when Cas, when he fixed it, he wiped most of Sam’s memories of it all. So don’t— he can’t know that I let him down.”
, fuck this is good.
“It’d break his heart,” she says, like it’s obvious, “and I hate seeing him in pain.”
When Cas pushes both fingers into him in a slow slide, Dean can’t help but moan. It’s Cas, it’s
ways, like there’s a little bit of resistance. It’s connected to the vessel.
“Why not?” she asks. Her confusion stems from the fact that they clearly have Dean right where they want him.
“But that’s not what I came here to talk about,” Death says.
Dean’s throat feels tight, “I missed you,” he confesses. It doesn’t feel like it encompasses everything he wants to say. He’s made friends here, in this life, and he likes them. He relates to them. And they know the pieces of him that Dean lets then see. But
“Okay,” Dean agrees. He thinks he could help, if they talked about it. But Sam said no, so Dean’s going to respect that.
Hard to believe, but Dean thinks it only takes a few minutes for Cas to bounce Dean off of every surface in the place. Dean doesn’t have time to react, only to bleed.
He cuts himself too many times to be proud, but he cuts the beard down.
He comes upon the campers easily- with their lights and the scent of their campfire they're easy prey. Dean has to resist attacking them. He's home, on earth, and purgatory is over. Earth is different. He has to unlearn the rules he's survived by.
“Cool,” Dean agrees, “we get his attention, he shows up, you can put him back to work. Universe goes back to normal.”
“I want it,” Dean says.
“Teaching him a lesson,” Dean shouts back, and points in Sam’s direction, “we’ve been babying him too much! It’s time for some tough love.”
Sam doubles over and throws up more blood. Bobby and Dean barely catch him in time.
“I am,” Sam says, “he and I are… we’re the same. I understand him.”
Cas pulls away from him, barely giving Dean inches between their faces. Cas has crowded him in against the railing on the stairs. He has to blink stars out of his eyes and oh— oh! Cas’ eyes are lit up. Because of him? That’s… that’s kind of flattering.
Bobby comes up behind Sam, boots loud in the water. Sam keeps moving slowly like he can’t hear it. Bobby shoots Dean a worried look, and then leans close to Sam and claps his hands together. Loud. Dean flinches from the noise. Sam doesn’t react.
And there’s so much Dean
“Dean? Cas?” Bobby calls from the kitchen.
“He used a lot of energy,” Cas remarks.
Dean groans, puts his head in his hands. Does he have a
“Hey!” some bystander, a wannabe hero says. He’s targeting Dean because
He pulled Dean out of hell, and has now thrown his lot in with him. Dean’s going to let him down too, he knows, but for now. He likes the company.
Sam and Dean hit the floor, Bobby’s shouting from upstairs. Sam stays low, is just ahead of Dean to run for the front room to look outside and—
“No, before,” Sam presses, “before I saved Cas. You warned me not to do it.”
“Maybe it is!” Benny snaps, “because I seem to be the
“Well I’m happy,” Dean agrees, and as he says it he can’t believe he’s being honest. This is… he had no idea how much he wanted this. Wanted to dance in the kitchen, like Mom and Dad did, like Lisa did, like happy people in love do.
Cas to stay. And fuck, he loves him, he told Cas he loves him. Cas loves him too, and what do they do with that? Cas is his best friend, Cas was told to kill him but he broke free of that to save Dean’s life and he keeps choosing Dean even though Dean isn’t worth this kind of devotion.
Death’s hand curls into a claw shape, and he makes a motion like he’s ripping something out of Cas. Cas doubles over with a whimper, and then he stays down because he’s unconscious. Shit! Now there’s  a small, dull light floating an inch above Death’s palm, caged in by his fingers. Dean’s seen this before. He tries to think and—
“Here, give this a try,” Sam says, offering Cas a spoon of tobasco. Dean wonders if he should try and get a video of the reaction. He brings the pancakes to the table.
Dean and Bobby sit in the silence of Dean’s outburst.
Two can play at that game, “You’re just saying that because you love me.”
“Cas?” Dean checks.
“Hey!”
, because even though she’d been human in Benny’s first un-life, vampires mate for life.
“Let’s start with humans,” Death says, “what’s stronger than a human?”
Dean glares at him.
is the bad guy? He stopped the apocalypse! Dean’s murder glare must translate well, cause Naomi keeps talking.
Fuck, Cas is the guy who's in love with him. Who Dean is in love with right back. Who's so broken, so hurt by his family that nothing Dean can do will help or make it better. Dean could kiss him, hell, Dean could probably try for sex and Cas might go for it. But it would be a distraction, it wouldn't help, and Dean doesn't want to be a distraction.
and he’s had his soul given and taken away so many times he can’t count. It’s like his body has been on fire and he’s been ignoring it. His legs give out and he falls on his ass, already passing out.
“Not comfy to sleep in shoes,” Dean reminds him.
Dean eyes the sheer drop on his left, out past the highway guardrail. They’re climbing through some mountains, nothing too big like in the rockies. But…
“I gotta find Sam,” Dean insists. Now that they’re in the same world, on the same plane of existence, Sam is forefront in Dean’s mind again. There’s little space for anything, or anyone, in his thoughts. And if he opens that space, he has to remember that there’s a clear absence where Cas is supposed to be.
“It’s more than most give me,” Cas says honestly.
It’s a shock when Benny shoves him into a tree. Hand over Dean’s mouth, body pressed close. Dean has vivid memories to Cas doing this to him in the green room. When Dean thought Cas wanted to fuck him. Does Benny?
“Hey,” Dean barks, a warning at Cas’ tone.
He hears the door open behind him and glances back.
bond, you’re the only one who understands what it is,” Cas insists.
A heel comes down on Dean’s wrist, startles him. He loses his grip on his weapon. Fuck!
And even then… Dad’s last order? Dean still almost obeyed.
Another foot, this one almost the size of the impala, lands just in front of them. The skin is black, with a slick sheen like the whole creature is wet. The shape of it makes Dean think: crab leg, but with hand-like claws at the end. Dean hears creaking above them, sees the roots of the tree around them start to bend. This thing is big enough that it’s toppling trees like it ain’t no thing. Dean feels his body flush hot with adrenaline.
— is right here with them, and Dean has Cas, and they can’t keep doing this.
“Want me to grab you different clothes?” Dean asks.
She spares them both the time it would take to call him an idiot, and just glares at him.
“No shit,” Dean says.
“Of course,” Dean scoffs, “he hurt you, Sam. He betrayed us. I don’t take that lightly.”
him, no matter how well Dean tries to lie. But he's being as honest as he can. He can bury this. He can convince himself to stop being in love. He's great at repressing! He didn't even know he was queer for most of his life.
“No. But it’s hot, so be careful.”
“I wouldn’t want to fight a pissed off angel,” Dean warns, “I’d run while you—”
Dean waits for Sam to drop the bomb. That he knows. He’ll call Dean on his bullshit, like he always does. Sam waits until he’s got the upper hand, and he’ll reveal everything he knows when he’s got you cornered. It’s why he’d have made a great lawyer.
. Maybe it’d do them both some good, to work off some steam right now, and scrap it out a bit.
Cas lands and the front porch
In purgatory, when Dean asked and Cas would tell him, Dean knows what he wanted that love to be. And he’d soaked it up, over there. It was part of why he was so angry and hurt that Cas wouldn’t touch him, wouldn’t
“Be safe,” Dean says, and fuck it, he’s going with this one, “take care of yourself: that
of powers Sam is showing off. That’s his brother! That’s his brother who needs him and Death is antagonizing him on purpose!
“It’s okay, it’s okay Cas,” Dean absolves him. He can still see that burn of Cas’ grace in his eyes, fighting to break through, but Cas isn’t going to make it in time, “it’s gonna be okay.”
“And what if it is?” Cas says darkly, and he stares at Dean so intensely that Dean flinches. Cas is thinking about free will too, about
There are non-human flavors? Dean wants to pull that thread but he resists.
“I’ll be damned,” Benny says. He’s keeping a careful distance between him and Cas, but staying close enough to keep Dean covered should any mooks take a run at them. He’s so smart. Dean is the only human in the land of monsters, and he’s completely at ease because he knows Benny has his back.
Dean doesn’t hesitate, and is out the front door like a bullet, doesn’t even touch the steps down off the porch. Cas is standing out amongst the cars in the lot, broken glass glittering around his shoes. He’s covered in blood. Even though Dean
“I missed you too,” Cas agrees.
Bobby’s a huge help. When Dean doesn’t know what to do, Bobby’s a steady voice, a firm tone, to help settle Sam down. Bobby’s got his back, and so Dean can let the world slip away for a few hours while he keeps Sam from biting his own wrists open.
“You’re such a girl,” Dean mumbles on reflex, and braces for Sam to throw that back in his face. Sam gives him a
Warnings: Dean and his wildly repressed self has a lot of ideas about how to be queer and... he's pretty clueless but he's got the spirit. Kinda. Maybe. We rear back to gender extremes of 'only men have penises, and women have vaginas' which we the readers know isn't true.
Cas considers it a moment, before relenting, “Yes. I’d be willing to try.”
Sam is incredibly mentally unwell following the “breaking of his mental wall” which is forcing him to fuly experience the centuries of abuse his soul went through in hell. Dean falls back on what he knows, which is John Winchester’s method of ‘suck it up, drink it down, and get over it’. This does not work, and Sam is only getting worse— leading to Sam attempting to kill himself, several instances of severe self-harm, severe breaks from reality to the point that Sam doesn’t recognize Dean or Bobby on occasion. It comes to a head when Dean has to realize that he has a choice of becoming his father (heavily coded as: an abuser) and if he does so that will get Sam killed (heavily implied that eventually Sam
wasn’t queer.
Dean feels the icy live-wire sensation under him, around him, and it’s oddly soothing to the burn of the caustic leviathan goo on his skin. It smokes against Cas’ form, giving Dean enough of an impression that he’s just been scooped up in a massive hand-like shape. He goes limp in Cas’ grip and trembles as he’s lifted out of the living mass grave.
“Yeah, you pushed the right buttons,” Dean shrugs, “but it’s because it was
“That didn’t happen last time,” Dean assures him.
Sam doesn’t get a chance to block him. Dean checks him, shoulder to Sam’s gut, and he lifts and drops him onto the card table they salvaged for a makeshift dining table. It breaks under their weight. Sam screams, and now they’re
Benny is unnaturally still. It makes the hair on the back of Dean’s neck stand up. Vamps don’t need to breathe, don’t need to do
Cas grabs his face with both hands to change the angle of the kiss. Dean allows it for a second before he pulls away.
“If I have overstayed my welcome—”
his excuse too. He freaks out, has all of these episodes, but he doesn’t even remember anything! At least when Dean lied about remembering hell, he kept all of his shit bundled up.
Cas sits up, and maybe it’s a play of the sunshine, but Dean thinks his eyes are lit up, like he’s getting back to normal, “Is it sex?”
Yay us!!
“I killed a few,” Dean explains, “even ganked the leader. It’s how I ended up here.”
If you're keeping track of timelines, we are still within the timeframe of chapter 7 of TEA.
Cas looks up, directly at Dean.
that, if he can be honest with himself.
Dean’s come to appreciate the value of trusting other people. Purgatory made it clear: one man is not an island. Dean thrives best with others, and that means taking care of his own.
“It’s not what you think,” Dean says easily, the same lies he tells himself, “Benny and me? Means nothing—”
“’Let me go’?” Dean mocks, “you don’t
what a normal relationship should be like, that he should be mad that Dean is too pussy to show off the fact that he’s so in love with Cas that he can’t even say it. Cas doesn’t push. Sam doesn’t push. It’s like… it’s like things are fine as they are. That they could be fine if Dean does nothing, if he just exists in this state of being too scared to do anything but think about how he should be doing more. How he shouldn’t be afraid of people knowing that he loves Cas so much that he can’t imagine having a home without him.
...yeah. "quick".
“There is another choice,” Cas says, and his face screws up with pain for a moment before he opens his eyes again, “there is someone else with the power to check on the cage. We can summon Death.”
AND HERE WE GOOOO!!! The scene that became this chapter was quite possibly the first thing I wrote when I decided to start poking at writing a Spn fic. And while writing it I went 'you know... I'm cramming an awful lot of exposition in here. How about I write a quick prequel to cover some points?'
a leviathan whispers.
Nothing in his life is normal, he has to remind himself. There’s always a chance that Sam’s information isn’t made up nonsense, but actual information.
Maybe that kiss, the blood in his mouth, was an offering of a sort. Maybe it’s all been a part of a spell Dean didn’t know he was crafting.
“Now c’mere,” Dean says, and nods towards the car’s open hood, “it’s about high time you learn how to take care of Baby.”
has been a lie.
salt.
All of the monsters present take a nervous step back.
The hair on his arms, on the back of his neck, stand up. It’s not a chill, but more like the air is… static? Electric?
“Why did you say yes, then?” Cas asks.
“We’ll deal with Sam in the morning,” Bobby says, “I’ll keep an eye on him tonight.”
“As Benjamin said,” Cas rumbles, “we take care of our own.”
Cas nods slowly, not breaking eye contact with Dean, “Yes.”
Dean hasn’t felt this good, this light, in years.
“Bisexual?” Sam offers.
“Crowley will turn on you,” Cas growls.
Which is true. Despite Dean thinking Cas could be, should have been, so much better than him… Cas has picked up all of Dean’s worst traits. Including fucking things up in huge ways.
“My grace sustains my host,” Cas says, “and so even though my host is human, the body is kept in homeostasis. It’s possible I can pass that on to you, for a short while.”
“He used Dean’s soul to keep me from oblivion,” Cas cuts in. Why does Cas keep pulling Death’s attention back to himself? Oh, Dean realizes. Cas is trying to keep Death’s attention away from Dean. To protect him. It’s gonna get Cas killed. What did Dean ever do to deserve him?
The world can wait a little longer.
There is a LOT of info dropped in this chapter, if things feel confusing don't hesitate to ask for clarification! I wrote and rewrote this chapter and Dean 'n Cas' convo SOOOO many times to make sure I was getting my concepts and ideas across. These concepts will come up again as Dean n Cas continue their relationship and continue working through the inter-species dynamics.
“What if I’m covered in shit— I’ll even roll in the mud— but I’ll go in with you and we can cover more ground that way.”
Cas— his familiar, blue-eyed face— appears over Dean. He’s crouched, reaching out to grab Sam, to grab Dean, and Dean reaches for him without thinking. Cas is safe, he’s going to be okay. It’s hard to see through the sun-spots in Dean’s eyes.
AAaaaaannndd! I can't believe it!
the time, and pops off to investigate stuff or to go look at things he finds interesting around the world. Every so often he brings them trinkets or tokens. Neither Sam nor Dean are really trinket people, a life living out of backpacks and cars leads to a lack of sentimental collections, and Cas barely understands what makes for a touristy gift. Flowers are odd, but okay. Sometimes it’s an interesting rock. Sometimes he brings back lost items— as in, things that other people lost while going about their day, like rings and hair pins or receipts. He talks about the energy left in them, or the things they’ve told him. Dean chalks it up to angel weirdness. Or maybe it’s a little of Sam’s crazy peeking through.
Pugatory makes things simple. Straightforwards. It strips away all the complications of life, and all that matters is the weapon in your hand, and if you want to live more than the guy who wants to kill you.
Cas tries to move, can’t get too far without pulling at his injuries. Dean hears Cas’ breathing hitch. But Cas doesn’t breathe?
“His song was falling to discord. Like I was before Sam gave me your soul,” Cas adds, as if that makes more sense.
of all things.
Cas is asleep. The only reason Dean can tell he’s here is the wounds of bright grace glowing under the sheet. Cas doesn’t breathe, doesn’t have any little movements that a real living body would have, and so otherwise he looks like a corpse.
“Why’d you buy so many anyways?” Sam asks. Because he’s gigantic he puts his bags down without any hassle. Dean hops up on the tire to quickly grab the peanut butter and shove it back in the bag.
him, to drive home the fact that he fucking loves Cas and doesn’t want there to be a piece of him that Cas hasn’t touched.
“I understand,” Dean says.
“Cause he’s a guy?”
“If it doesn’t kill you,” Dean cautions.
know about these… seraphim?” Cas asks. He says the world slowly, feeling it out. And it’s insane that they’re treating Sam’s made-up words like it’s something serious, something real, and not evidence that Sam’s brain is melting again.
Bobby shakes his head, “That stuff is rare. You boys are the only ones I know who carry it.”
the fucked up angel,” Sam points out.
See you on wednesday :)
Because he wants to. That’s the worst part of it. He wants to forgive Cas, he wants to console him, to have his best friend back. He wants Cas in his corner again. Dean never realized how lonely his world was, until he almost lost everything. It should be a miracle that he gets his brother and his best friend back.
Benny grabs dirt mixed with leviathan blood and shoves it in Dean’s face. Dean gets it in his mouth. He freezes, fighting the urge to shove Benny off. He can’t even spit it out without making too much sound. Jesus, he keeps being shocked by how smart Benny is.
It’s too close, it’s joking that Dean’s into Cas. Or vice-versa. But the joke is supposed to be that Dean’s definitely not soft and they both know it. That they can laugh at the absurdity of Dean ever being involved with a dude. Dean snatches the next coffee machine he can find and drops it in their cart. He wants this conversation over with.
Every time Dean closes his eyes he watches Cas walk into the water, feels the drop in his heart as he realizes that this is it. This is goodbye.
“It’s unfair that she has to be a monster,” Sam finally says.
Dean can’t stop thinking about it, even after Cas leaves. Cas thought about him. Cas missed him. He almost wishes he’d asked what Cas thought about, what was worth missing. He’s not sure he’s ready for the answers.
“This sounds… serious,” Dean says.
“I feel fantastic,” Dean says, and can’t help but rake his eyes over Benny.
Cas’ grace lights up his eyes again, “Or what?”
Dean wakes up in the night to Sam bolting from their makeshift bed. He doesn’t make it to the bathroom and throws up in the hall. By the time Dean reaches him, Sam’s curled into a fetal position, shaking so hard his teeth rattle.
No gray areas, no messy morals. Kill or be killed. It’s Dean finally getting to be what he knows he’s always been. His true self, his
“I see,” he says.
“Gotta cover your scent,” Benny explains, rakes his eyes over Dean in a way that makes Dean want to cover himself, “most things hunt by scent here. And you— you smell delicious.”
"About the night I hurt you," Cas says. About Dean’s confession.
for that kind of destruction. It satisfied a drive in me— maybe it was the leviathans, but I— I still feel it. I’m still capable of that kind of destruction.”
Dean checks Sam’s pulse, feels the rapid beating of his heart. Thank god, oh god, that was so close. That
“No, this is just a vessel. I can leave any time,” Cas assures them. His brows furrow. His mouth draws up into a tight line. His fingertips dig into the armrests of the wheelchair.
See y'all on Sunday!
“We can’t take chances,” Dean grits out, “Sam… Sam said he’s been seeing Lucifer. And talking to him. He thought it was hallucinations, but…”
“He requires rest,” Cas says, like Dean isn’t understanding him, “is his weight an issue for you?”
“I wondered why I would be allowed to live a second time, then a third,” Cas muses, “I realize now it was to fix what I’ve done.”
to hear Bobby’s matching tone. That Bobby’s practically baby-talking Sam. This isn’t helping!
Cas is staring at him now, in that way that gives Dean goosebumps, and makes him curious at what Cas sees.
“I make it a habit not to interfere,” Death explains, “the universe is all checks and balances. Things go too far one way, they must be adjusted back. It is the way the universe can continue, why life can go on, and why I exist. I like it when things are in order, when they function smoothly because everyone is doing their job. Gravity holds planets in place, animals consume, angels obey. There is a balance to this place that is beautiful. So you must understand how frustrating it is when people don’t do their job.”
Lucifer’s not in the cage? But he didn’t escape? So where—
“I’ll find your brother,” Benny says, “and I’ll bring him home, Dean.”
Dean learns to shave with a knife. He went through a phase when he was eighteen and he thought it was cool to do this. But it’s so much easier with a real razor, so he’s way out of practice.
“Cas isn’t gonna hurt me.”
“I don’t understand music,” Cas confesses.
Dean wakes up what has to be a few hours later. The sun is still out, light spilling in through the windows. Must be afternoon. Jeopardy is playing on the tv. Sam’s leg is tossed over his, and Cas has sprawled on top of Dean again.
Without his soul, Sam has become someone Dean barely recognizes. He’s doing his best, but he finds it so hard to relate to Sam, or even talk to him. At times he thinks Sam is only putting up with him because Dean doesn’t fight with him.
“Exactly,” Cas tries, hesitates, “I’m sorry. I don’t mean to imply humans are lesser. I like humans.”
I like to picture Cas' 'true form', or the expression of it, in purgatory to be similar to the
Dean wants to tell Benny he shouldn’t have bonded him in the first place. That’s what he should say.
“Okay,” Dean agrees. He doesn’t look at Bobby when he asks, “you got Sam?”
that Sam knows about him and Cas. And weirder still that Sam doesn’t make fun of him for it. Hasn’t changed how he treats Dean because of it. He’s still the same annoying kid brother, still has the occasional nightmare and wants to share a bed, and still wants to keep hunting with Dean. Dean tries to be mindful. He’s not looking to shove his queer shit down Sam’s throat, to give Sam something to complain about. So he tries to keep his distance unless they’re alone.
The one on his back, a chick with dark hair, hesitates.
“It wasn’t
What are you doing?” Dean repeats.
Does Cas know how important he is to Dean?
A monster walks into the barn, past all of the sigils and wards and protections spells Dean and Bobby have put up. The man comes in what feels like a cloud of radient light, of high-pitched screaming that drowns out the gunfire. The man is glowing from within in ways Dean has never seen before. The lightbulbs are exploding as he walks, calmly, as though he is the eye of the storm itself. Dean fires several rounds into the man, and he
“Cas?” Dean shouts, and looks around like he might see some sign, maybe a shimmer in the light of the open windows, “Cas? Hey!”
“I’m okay,” Dean repeats, and he glances to the backseat one more time. A reminder of how close it was, “did you get me to the hospital?”
(See the end of the chapter for
And then... something something... the concept of queer as other, as monstrous... purgatory is the only place a monster can be free... I'm sure there's a metaphor there somewhere.
“I eat salad,” Sam says, “I’m gonna outlive you so hard.”
. Because Sam has to say that. Because he’s stuck with Dean. Sam keeps getting the shit end of everything, and Dean is the garbage on top of that sundae. Why wasn’t he more careful?
Dean just wants to kill things. He points the gun at Abaddon. She bares her teeth.
“Fuck,” Dean sighs. He feels like his bones have been shaken around. Everything aches from how tense he’s been holding himself, “he would have died— he almost died. And—”
“Gross!” Sam repeats, louder, “I don’t need to know how many times you’re having—”
“And that’s what this is?” Dean looks down to Cas’ hand in his.
It’s like stepping into a warm bath, the way the pleasure sinks in. Different from fucking, from sex, where it feels like a continuous build. This is a full body high. Same end result, but different road to get there.
“I don’t know why he… about me,” Dean can’t say this with Cas, he sure as hell can’t spit it out about Benny, “I’ll be careful. But I’m with someone else. Benny shouldn’t— nothing can happen. So he’s all yours. Take care of him, okay?”
Dean’s about to ask how Cas knows, but, right. Cas can feel his soul.
“Cas!” Dean shouts. Cas hits the ground and doesn’t get up.
Dean is two days into Purgatory, hasn’t eaten anything, hasn’t slept, and he’s not sure how long he can keep this up. He might be running in circles, it’s hard to tell.
Dean whimpers at the thought. Suck Benny off? Now that’s
Dean doesn’t sleep much.
. A knee in his back, someone dropping their weight on him.
“Death said y’all would be okay with a few days’ rest,” Bobby reminds them, “so, I think it’s safe to say we’re gonna lay low for a bit.”
None of that makes any sense.
“What? How?
Dean’s been called a lot of things, but naïve? Never. It makes it hurt more than if she’d just called him an idiot. Idiot he can agree with.
Dean clenches his jaw so tight his teeth grind. Screaming and crying won’t help Cas. He breathes out heavily, forcing himself to calm down, “We can’t lose him. Cas is… he’s family, okay?”
“Do you feel any different? Like, besides the obvious,” Dean asks.
Dean runs through an immediate mental tally: does Sam look scared? Like he’s hallucinating? Any fresh injuries— face clean, knuckles clean, forearms clean, no blood around his mouth or under his nails. So it’s likely that this isn’t Sam having an episode, but Dean’s heart leaps into his throat all the same.
“I drink shitty beer,” Dean admits, “but I— I can get you that—”
Dean rolls his eyes, “You can’t take Sam’s side on this! I play you the good stuff.”
In purgatory Cas was drowning in his head, and Dean was too much of a selfish bastard to notice. He’s not going to make this about him. Cas needs him, and Dean wants to be the friend who can be there for Cas. The kind of friend Cas deserves.
Dean cleans up the books he knocked to the floor. Cas retrieves the one Dean threw across the living room. The pages are bent from the way it sat on the floor. Cas spends some time smoothing them out with his fingers. Dean watches him do it from his sprawl on the couch. No matter how flat Cas lays them out, the pages will always have a bend to them. A reminder of Dean’s anger. Dean’s stomach turns in knots.
Sam shrugs, “I don’t— I just— I jumped into Hell. I don’t think I really beat him.”
“I was just,” Dean shakes his head, glances at Sam, “we’re sitting here comparing how many dudes we’ve slept with. Can you
fucking him was because Dean needed a power nap. He turns to look at the clock on the bedside table.
But he turns his head to the side, looks up at Cas’ profile with the light of the bedside lamp behind him. His brow furrowed as he reads everything from an encyclopedia to a bodice-ripper romance he found in another country, lost by some tourist on a bus, and Dean thinks
“But if you’re worried about, I don’t know, what other people think,” Bobby says, “then no. I don’t think anyone’s gonna peg you for being, uh… what do you want me to say? I’m not really aware of the labels you kids are using these days.”
does he need to worry about Sam’s wellbeing when Sam is an entire dimension away? Why is that Dean’s problem? Sure, Sam’s his brother, but why does that mean anything?
“Alright, alright,” he says, “just breathe. It’s okay now.”
He doesn’t finish because the other vamp— in the black coat— cuts the leader’s head off in one swing. What the fuck? Better for Dean. This makes it one on one.
“God?” Sam tries.
“I thought Death fixed him,” Dean says.
Because I'm late, I want to give this chapter some time to sink in, so I'm going to post wednesday's chapter on friday and then back to regular on Sunday!
He starts snoring again, totally dead to the world.
"You don't know?" Cas asks.
Sam takes another breath, steady, “Yeah. Yeah. I got it. Bobby’s expecting us.”
This chapter covers the end of ch4 and most of ch5 of
Death rolls his eyes, “You’re smarter than that, Dean. God already exists. Sam cannot become something or someone who is already occupying a role.”
“Abaddon then?”
“We’re going shopping,” Sam says, and nods out of the room, “Bobby wants to make burgers, and Cas ate all my peanut butter.”
They’re never going to have privacy, really. The bunker is big, but it’s not
in ways that Cas has made it clear he doesn’t want.
“Bisexual!" Dean snaps his fingers. "Yeah, so that’s the girl version. What’s the guy version?”
“I’ve got it,” Dean says, and then surprises himself when he says, “maybe next time.”
We're back to regular posting dates, so next chapter will be Wednesday afternoon (PST)
“Infinite enough to possess some poor bastard,” Dean remarks. Angels may think they're so special, but they're not that different from other monsters that Dean has met. Dean thinks.
Thank y'all for the kind words last chapter.
“If it’s not too much trouble,” Cas says, “I… the stairs are difficult for me. Would it be inconvenient to stay on this level?”
(See the end of the chapter for
Sam looks like he’s mentally blue screened.
Dean might have had other thoughts, but they’re gone. Blown away. He’s kissed Cas before, he’s felt things kissing Cas, he’s wasted hours kissing Cas and feeling the buzz of Cas’ grace under the surface of Cas’ skin. And none of that compares to the way this feels. It’s electric, it’s stepping into a warm bath, it’s joy, it’s an open stretch of highway on a sunny day, it’s sexual, it’s fresh pie, it’s safety and thrilling and—
What’s Benny so mad about? He should be delighted that they found Cas. This means they  can focus on getting out of purgatory.
. He needs to work harder to make that true. He thinks about unmarked graves and the sense of relief that comes with loss.
Cas scowls at Dean, “Your soul is beautiful. I’ve admired it since I laid siege to hell to rescue you. And it… it compliments me in ways I did not expect. You harmonize differently than angels, but it is a pleasant song nonetheless.”
How many times have he and Cas sat out here now? As Dean thinks, it sits heavily on him that this is where Cas said he loved Dean the first time. That Cas had been around for longer before that. That Cas has been around for
“Maybe I should, just to prove I have free will!”
looking so scared?
. That slant to his shoulders, that messy hair. That stupid coat.
Sam’s screaming, and he won’t stop. He won’t respond to Dean, and he sounds— fuck he sounds like someone’s
“Everyone that showed up outside: heaven, hell and monsters in between. They all thought Sam’s magic was an act of God,” Dean reminds him, “if that doesn’t say ‘big fucking powerful angel’ then I don’t know what does. And if that’s the fucking devil in there, then we need to get him in a ring of fire before he can wake up and smoke all of us.”
“Checking the area,” Cas says, “the leviathans converged on this area after sensing my grace, but we believe they’ve finally moved on.”
. Love means
“He lied to me,” Dean bites out.
It’s out, he sad it in front of Sam and Bobby, and yet it still feels so hard to say, “But I do. I do love you. More than I think I’ve ever actually loved someone in my life. And I’m sorry it’s so hard for me to say.”
Dad wouldn’t have done this. Dad would have cut Cas out without hesitation. Would probably have killed him in the first place.
The high-pitching whine that signals Cas is ready to throw down picks up. The fucking
“Okay,” Dean says, “if you want to come, then you’re in.”
"Hey, whoa, easy," Dean mumbles, "slow down, okay?"
Dean checks his shoulder one last time. Looks like he’ll survive, “No more biting without asking, okay?”
Sam’s got blood leaking from all orifices. Dean tries to use his sleeve to wipe some of it up.
. Nightmares from the worst year of Dean’s life, back in full force.
Cas looks to Dean. He’ll argue, to stay, if Dean wants him to. He’ll stay by Dean’s side even if it kills them both. What did Dean ever do to deserve him?
I was looking for you!” Dean says.
"We don't know if I
Bobby makes fun of Dean for having no pants when they arrive, but also hugs him so tightly that Dean’s spine pops in several places.
Cas furrows his brow, “Is that a euphemism?”
“So what’s going on in heaven?” Dean asks.
“You’re just mad about sitting still. I thought you’d like that— aren’t you complaining that you’re tired of walking?” Benny argues.
“A rock?” Dean asks.
“Technically I think I’m older than you,” Sam realizes, “by like… a lot.”
Warnings: None. It's a light chapter!
“It might mean nothing. It might mean everything,” Death says, and he reaches down to pick up a lump of fried batter and takes a bite from it. Gooey half-melted chocolate strings from his mouth to his hand. He closes his eyes a moment, savoring, “try it Dean, they are quite good.”
"Last resort," Dean agrees. But it could work. Crowley can get places that humans can’t, has access to knowledge and power that they don’t. He might have a way to save Cas, and if they play it right, they can let him think they’re going after Abaddon, and instead lock all of the demons away in hell. It could work. It’s the first viable plan they’ve had all day.
“Okay, so say you stop fighting,” Dean figures. Cas not fighting? Can you just… stop? He doesn’t think so, but he doesn’t want to burst Cas’ bubble. Both Dean and Sam have tried to get out of the life, and here they both are. You can never really escape, not when you know what’s out there, and that people are dying because you’re not saving them.
Sam has the decency to look guilty for that.
“—and I’m worried it’s going to set you off.”
“No,” Sam whimpers, and now Dean can see how bloodshot his eyes are. How pale he is. Dean’s worn this kind of expression a few times in his life. It’s never a good experience to think you’re going to be an only child.
Dean exits purgatory into a forest so similar he thinks maybe he never left at all. It would be fitting, that he put his hope into something so impossible that it did come back and humiliate him.
Dad’s first order:
Bobby’s eyes go wide enough the candlelight reflects in them. Sam lets out a strangled noise in shock. Dean’s breaking all the rules. He shouldn’t be digging this hole for himself, showing his weakness, but he
What’s got Benny on edge like this? Is something nearby?
When did that shift from something overwhelming, something terrifying, that Dean did his best to ignore, into something so matter of fact that it’s a truth, a constant, of Dean’s life now? The sky is blue, beer is good, Cas loves him.
Cas whimpers and clutches at his side. His pants are soaked with blood and— right, right. He got stabbed through the hip.
“Cas,” Dean snaps, “you gotta explain.”
“Are you alright?” Cas checks. He’s got huge dark circles under his eyes. He reaches out and Dean touches Cas’ hand and is hit with a surge of relief from the rawness in his soul.
There’s so much on their plate regarding the leviathan invasion, so much they don’t know, and it would be so much easier if Cas was around. But he’s not, and Dean’s little brother is so, so sick he should be retired and resting so he can heal, but it's just Dean to take care of him. And Dean has known he’s not good enough, but he loves Sam, and so he tries.
“If it worked— if I was able to change her…” Sam thinks for a moment, “I think that’s what I can do. To fuck with God. If I can save monsters, to change them into things we don’t need to hunt, then I think I can do it without killing myself.”
Sam does well for two days before Dean realizes that Sam isn’t sleeping. After dealing with him not sleeping because he had no soul, both Bobby and Dean are wary to find out what re-souling, and the weight of the centuries his soul spent with the devil, does to a person.
Lisa loved to dance in the kitchen. She and Ben would spin around, or even pretend to tango while Dean tried to make dinner. There was more than one burned meal because the three of them got distracted singing and making a spectacle of themselves.
“I’m crying?” Cas’ voice cracks, the same shock he had about the yawn.
“You gotta stop looking at me like that,” Benny teases.
Cas glares at him, “I am
“But I told you, I don’t need to,” Cas says, “the body can orgasm, I can feel it, but it is… just a function of this vessel. I have no attachment or desire to orgasm.”
Dean explodes into action, but he’s still not fast enough to tackle his brother before Sam brings the knife to his throat. They hit the floor hard, half into the tv stand. The tv falls, clips Dean’s shoulder, hits the ground. Shatters.
all his personal shit?
Sam turns to stare at him, “What?”
“You know what? Okay. Let’s do it,” Sam says. He turns in his seat to put his back to the door, bringing his knees up so his feet are on the bench between them.
“All you gotta do it ask,” Benny reminds him.
“No!” Dean shouts.
“Don’t hurt him!” Bobby snaps.
He wanted Dean to kill Sam, if Sam got out of control. Dad wouldn’t have tolerated this, wouldn’t have let Sam spill the way he is.
“Can you make it that far? With your soul?” Bobby checks.
“You said before, that you don’t matter,” Cas says.
He means all of Sam’s twitchy tics, how he still mumbles to himself when he thinks no one is listening. How Sam can’t kill things anymore. His nightmares.
Dean’s normal by the time they get to their motel. Sam goes on about how they shouldn’t be surprised Dean had an anxiety attack. That Dean is basically a soldier home from the warzone, and he’ll do some research on ptsd and what they can do to help Dean leave purgatory behind.
But the air smells… different. Purgatory has an underlying scent of blood. Not decay, no, meat was never left long enough to decay. But blood was spilled in an unending torrent to water the plants and grow the forest. It filled the streams and the lakes, and Benny mentioned once that he'd heard rumors of an ocean of blood. But it was either close to or
Cas is stirring in the wheelchair, Sam’s still sprawled on the pullout. He’s soaking wet from laying in the water from all the ice that melted in the panic room. But he doesn’t look like he’s still coughing up his insides.
Benny mentions that they haven’t seen Eve around recently. Dean decides to own up to that. Benny is shocked, and then impressed. Dean can’t help himself, and starts talking about his other big kills. How his first kill was when he was twelve. First solo hunt at seventeen. It’s kind of fucked up, Dean knows, but he’s not thinking about that right now. He likes how Benny listens, like how Benny’s mouth curves into a smile when he’s impressed by Dean. Dean likes that Benny knows he’s tough, and a badass.
Dean takes a quick look to be sure Bobby and Sam aren’t in earshot.
It’s kinda cool, to have a reputation like that. But it does mean they have to live up to it.
“Aren’t you mad?” Dean demands, “you can— whatever you need to say, say it. I want to get this over with, okay?”
Cas steps forwards, the light intensifies as he moves his hand from his wound. Dean can’t make himself move as Cas reaches out and cups Dean’s face in his hands. One of them is notably hot from trying to contain Cas’ grace. He smells like blood.
“You’re an angel with a soul,” Bobby points out. Dean flinches, and would have pulled away from Cas if Cas wasn’t holding his hand so tightly. He forgot Bobby was here. That he’s in Bobby’s kitchen holding Cas’ hand, and Bobby
“You can leave it,” Dean says. Now that the shock of the pain is fading, he’s got a rush of endorphins flooding his system and the bite seems kinda sexy.
“Cas, I’d even take you. I’d forget everything that you did if you just showed up right now,” Dean bites out, and he covers his face with his hands. Sucks in a wheezy breath. He can’t break down— he can’t—  he doesn’t have that luxury.
“Hey!” Crowley whines. His face is full of buckshot and it’s disgusting to see that much bone.
No threat makes itself known. Dean pulls the collar of Benny’s cloak over his face to cover his nose— it gets chilly, okay— and goes back to sleep.
“Dean?” Cas asks, and he’s close— is he too close? Sam backed out too fast, what if he saw something? He had to have seen something— but then again, Dean is paranoid by nature. He and Cas had stopped kissing when Sam came out, right?
Eating seems to interfere with the light show, and the second monster gets it’s brain back. It breaks into an immediate run, but the leviathan is fucking
If Dean had it his way he’d pace and talk, because that’s what he does when he’s nervous. But he’s trying to handle things differently. He’s trying to be different, be better, even though he knows he’s gonna fuck this up somehow. So he takes a seat—
“But… angels are made to love,” Cas says, “I don’t think I can be any other way.”
Dean can’t do much, but he thinks he can get a good stab at the leviathans eye. It won’t kill it, he knows, but to be an annoyance is about all he’s got left.
“But it’s an eternity of being hunted by leviathans, or hiding out in Eve’s little playpen. You can see why we all a little stir crazy. Makes the roaming and the killing fun.”
Dean shakes his head, “No. They’re way different.” Angels and leviathans, and Dean’s seen both now so he’s an expert, but they run on totally different rules. Maybe God made both of them, but they weren’t even from the same line of thought.
“Why would I be mad?” Bobby asks.
“You have like ten versions of candy crush,” Dean observes. He spins the phone to face her so she can see what he’s doing, “your settings are here, okay? And notifications are here. To turn them off you just gotta click this, see?”
“You’re not?”
And then Bobby pulls him into a two-armed hug.
to be fake, which means Sam truly is breaking again. That he needs to deal with that, because the alternative is that Cas has never truly been
“He said he was doing research,” Dean says, “that he’d be gone for a few hours— but he— he was lying. Sneaking around. Like before.”
to put Sam first. And if this is happening, you and me? I need you to promise to do the same.”
What would it be like? To be middle-aged with Cas, to have a house where they can sit on the porch and talk about Cas’ bees. Dean pictures them, sitting on Bobby’s back steps, sharing a beer with no fear that they could be killed any day. To not sleep in shifts or go to bed at 4am because they were out digging up graves. Where people think of Dean as someone who cares. Someone who’s kind, and happy, and in love?
“Two whole battalions of angels, and that wasn’t enough to kill him. What are you going to do when he gets out of hand? Again,” Death asks.
“How long will this take?” Dean asks. Company? Like more angels? Bobby can’t handle all of that by himself. They have wards, yes, but that doesn’t mean they’re completely safe.
“Think,” Death coaxes him, “what’s a step up?”
“I think he’s gone above and beyond what anyone could ask of him,” Dean says, “he fought the devil and dragged him back into the pit. Sam was going to stay there, forever, to save the world. He deserves whatever he wants, as far as I’m concerned.”
“They are… so convinced, so sure of themselves. I fear that I am the one who is wrong,” Cas continues, “I am the
“I’m scared that if I go home, I’ll see all of the damage I did. All of the angels I killed, the destruction I caused. And I— I’ll kill myself. Like I should have in purgatory.”
“What’s wrong?” Dean pushes. Cas is sitting on his bed, so Dean sits on Sam’s across from him. He waits.
Dean’s been prepared to die for most of his life. He’s known there would be a heaven or hell for him, some sort of afterlife, for years now.
In fact, it’s so easy. Cas loves him, has loved him all this time, and Dean’s never had  that kind of constant in his life. He’s never had anyone like Cas in his life. It’s like breathing, the way they should come together.
of angelic nature. Dean edges away from him to stop from falling through the porch.
“I…” he wants to say it, he does, but it won’t come out. It’s wrong, what Dean wants, the way he wants it, and Dean spent enough time obsessing over what he wanted in purgatory and ignoring what Cas needs.
Dean’s entire body recoils. His face twists in a snarl. Give up on Sam? Fail him? It’s Dean’s job to look out for his brother! Now Bobby’s outright stating that Dean isn’t doing a good enough job. That Dean’s a failure.
“Here goes nothing,” Dean figures, and puts her into drive.
Sam says something, Dean doesn’t even hear him. Cas looks… he looks exhausted. Wrung out. Dean knows that the vessel isn’t necessarily an indicator of his state, but he remembers in purgatory how the vessel showed the pain that his real self was in even when Dean couldn’t see it.
“He’s normally a lot bigger,” Sam says, “like, he’s taking up the bed but not the room. I can’t tell if stitching him up helped, but his wings are fucked and he’s still bleeding grace in a lot of—”
Now is not the time to get all macho and territorial. Dean steps forwards, putting himself between Cas and Bobby. It’s reminiscent of all the times he put himself between Dad and Sam. Cas isn’t the enemy here, can’t they see that?
“Why bother with them at all?” Dean figures.
because he thinks he’s just been kissed stupid, well, stupid-er, “no— no you don’t have to— I shouldn’t have—”
Sam squeezes his hand, once.
Cas. What if they never wash dishes together again?
Dean’s not one to talk. He’s sleeping on the floor of his brothers bedroom because he can neither sleep alone nor sleep in a bed.
but there will be some overlapping lines here and there. I believe this chapter covers the events of chapter 2 of TEA, but I'll have to double check that.
Sam speaks up, “It, uh, that’s not new. I see him a lot. It’s not— it’s not something to worry about.”
It’s hot.
Maybe Dean should talk, to fill the silence. Try to get Sam to chat with him. But what is there to say? Everyone’s dying. The leviathans are closing in. Sam’s not getting better.
“You asked me not to leave you, last night,” Cas realizes. His voice is low notes in Dean’s ear, “and I agreed. I’ll come back. And hopefully I’ll have answers then.”
“He’s quite distinct,” Cas assures them.
. It’s like rotten meat left to cook in the sun. It’s the worst landfill Dean’s ever driven past. It’s only the lifetime of digging up dead bodies that keeps Dean from gagging.
He keeps looking up at Cas, who hasn’t flipped a page in his book for half an hour now. He’s staring down at it without seeing it. Bobby’s in the kitchen, talking on the phone with people in his network. It’s Dean and Cas, alone in the living room with all of Bobby’s books.
“I find most beverages unsettling,” Cas remarks, “though I like them more than food textures. Human bodies are primarily liquid, so it seems right to ingest liquids.”
“Cas!” Dean shouts. White grace light spills out of the wound, but it’s not lethal, not yet. Cas flips his blade in his hand, stabs back, and catches the other angel right between the ribs.
He specifically doesn’t think about Cas. And all the times he came onto Cas. All the times Cas turned him down, but always, always said ‘yes’ when Dean asked if Cas still loved him.
Dean thought he was okay with that. That that was how things worked.
“You tried to kill my brother, right?” Sam asks.
Benny leans in, ducks his head towards Dean’s throat and inhales. Vamps and fucking scent shit. He doesn’t move back when he stands up straight, so he’s almost towering over Dean.
All the signs of Cas being turned on— the glow, the vibration under his skin, the static pressure in the air— turn up like someone cranked the dial to max. Cas lifts a hand. Dean turns his shoulders, offering. Cas moves slowly, and Dean holds his breath until Cas’ hand has lined up to the scar. They’re a complete circuit now, Cas has moved into Dean’s space, is easy to reach out and touch.
“God won’t actually let Lucifer die,” Death concedes, “but he found the next best thing. In you, Sam, in his mirror image, he found oblivion.”
But he wants to be.
“You wanna try some?” Benny asks. His hand has come all over it.
He keeps trying to push it down, set it aside, because there’s
“We have similarities,” Cas hesitates before saying, “we both have teeth.”
“Fight it, Cas!” Dean shouts, “come on, you can do it. You love me, I hunted through purgatory to find you, to save you. You came to rescue me in hell, you saved my life— my fucking soul— you saved me Cas!”
. Love means
,” Dean reminds him.
Dean has to shake his head again. Oh god, that’s totally a couple thing. To know when things happen. To track them, and celebrate them. Dean hasn’t done
The radio picks up an AM talk show as they leave the driveway. Old men and their weird habits. Dean vows to be a cool old guy. He thinks he’ll look good when he goes gray. If he makes it that long.
“Oh, right. You
“I can agree to those terms,” Cas says, “I don’t understand why you need secrecy, but, I can respect it. If there is need for it.”
Cas looks at him, and doesn’t have anything to say to that. So much to be said, so many things they
Sam holds up his hands helplessly, and Dean doesn’t blame him. Because those bastards are the strongest things imaginable.
“Crowley’s got the colt, and I’ve got good aim,” Dean insists, “I can do it.”
Dean remembers Cas’ grace burning bright in his eyes as Cas fought it, as Dean clung to him and begged him to fight it. Realizing Cas couldn’t break free, that he was going to die with Cas’ sword stabbed through his heart.
“You liked other things in that video,” Cas remembers.
Cas gives Dean one of his most pathetic glares ever.
“I would rather die,” Cas growls.
Sam knows. He saw. He had to have seen him and Cas kissing, and if he knows, then he told Bobby and if Bobby knows then it won’t be long before everyone knows Dean Winchester is a fucking queer.
Cas works Dean back up to enjoying three fingers in him. Leans down to lick at the head of Dean’s dick as he does so. Makes sure Dean squirms under him.
just a normal dude— but he feels offended all the same.
“You’re fucked,” Dean declares, “this is so fucked up!”
, Dean reminds himself. He’s doing this to get back to Sam. Because that’s Dean’s job. To take care of Sam.
to his left leg— and fuck, oh shit!
“Dean,” Benny says, drawing out the sound of it, “like I said, you’ve got two choices here, Dean. One: I show you the way out of here, and we get out together.”
The first thing Cas does is get annoyed at Sam for asking a question.
these talks.
“First thing we find the angel,” Dean orders.
“Keep going,” Cas’ quiet rumble, “he’s close. He can hear you.”
“That’s gonna slow us down,” Dean argues.
And he makes sure Cas understands as Dean sinks back down to his knees, “I’ll kneel to who I
“You’ve been too busy to think about stuff that doesn’t matter,” Dean says, “I’ve been busy trying to leave it all behind.”
Cas glances from Dean’s face, down his body, and Dean shivers under the intensity of the look.
Seeing Naomi, now that he knows her name, brings up all sorts of powerful emotions. Dean doesn’t remember enough of the beating Cas did on him to be scared of it, but it’s the bits he does, and the gap between those memories that leaves room for his brain to make up things to be scared of. He chooses not to focus on that, that this angel wanted him beat to death like a fucking sadist, and picks anger. She forced Cas to be the thing he’s so afraid of becoming. She leashed him like a dog.
“Okay,” Cas sighs.
“I’m not leaving without Cas,” Dean declares, again. He can’t leave without Cas. He’d rather die.
Dean nods behind him, “Anyone who’s ever given a crap about me? Is in this house. And you.”
“Hello Dean,” Cas says from behind him.
“I don’t
“That’s messy,” Cas complains, “and irrelevant—”
“Maybe you need them,” Sam laughs, and he reaches out to shove Dean’s shoulder, “so an
It’s only now that Dean realizes he still has his knife in his hand. He’s been white-knuckling it this whole time.
“It can’t be Lucifer,” Bobby insists, “he’s in the cage.”
Sam reaches out for him, talking a nonsensical mile a minute. Dean ends up having to let Sam touch his face to confirm it’s him— Sam almost sticks his fingers up Dean’s nose— and then Sam’s asking for Cas. They do the same song and dance of letting Sam fondle Cas until he can confirm it’s him. They’re all alive.
“Poor kid,” Bobby grumbles, “let’s make sure there aren’t any other surprises.”
Dean had thought this part would be sexy, for the two of them to be involved. And he’s definitely fantasized about Cas’ fingers inside of him. Especially after Cas liked that bit in the porno. And now in the moment he’s not so sure he feels as hot as he looked in his head.
“Hey,” Dean shakes their conjoined hands, “what the hell?”
“How come he can hear you?”
“I can’t stop it,” Cas admits, “I’m sorry—”
“When I’m
“Wait,” Sam says. He closes his eyes and Dean feels the hair on the back of his neck stand up again as Sam does some weird magic shit.
Bobby shakes his head, “Hard to say. It sounds crazy, but we deal with crazy on a regular basis.”
?” Dean’s been eating way too many human-like parts to not be thinking about Cas making him chew on his fingers or something disgusting like that.
“That shouldn’t be hot,” Dean admits.
Overall Cas lucked out. His vessel is fucking hot. Or maybe it’s Cas that makes him hot.
“I love being bait,” Dean jokes. The front porch is still demolished from Cas’ crash-landing— Death’s handyman fix-up didn’t extend out front apparently— so they head out the back door. Sam tosses him the keys as they head outside.
“Dean,” Cas says again, and it comes out as a whimper, “I can’t do this.”
“Hold on,” Dean says, tries to pull away but Cas chases his mouth. Fuck, Dean loves kissing him and he does so a little longer. Pulls away again, “Wait. Wait. I got something you’re gonna like.”
The words get stuck in Dean's throat for only a moment, before he can say, "I'll show you."
Dean is a good son, and a loyal soldier.
here, Sam should understand why Cas is too important to lose, "you think it's reckless to save Cas? We're the reason he's dying—"
“This was a good one,” Sam cuts him off, glances between Bobby and Dean, “real good. I’m having fun, but I’m tired of waiting for the twist, so I’m gonna go out on my own choice—”
“You don’t have to chew me out, I’m picking up that Cas is more important than you want me to know,” Bobby snaps.
Dean can feel Benny inhale, taking in his scent. He wants to do the same, but Andrea—  Benny’s
“I feel like my powers came back for a reason,” Sam says, “and maybe— maybe it was all leading up to this. That I can help everything that’s been forced to be a monster, that if they want, I can give them the chance to be more than what the world thinks they are. I can give them a chance, Dean. Shouldn’t I take it?”
It’s Cas, standing outside the protective barrier covering the house. It’s
“To put yourself in that state. Over me.”
.  Cas once said he had no idea what the leviathans would do to Dean, because of the
“But you found the exit,” Dean notes.
“Are you— are you okay?” Dean asks. He’s getting major mixed messages.
“Do you come out here lots?” Dean asks.
Dean wipes his snot and leviathan-oozy face on Benny’s shoulder and tries to follow the orders. Dean’s been trained his whole life to handle fear, to get through the mental wall of panic. He shouldn’t be this stupid. But he’s never been eaten alive before.
“She just said she’s alive, and she wants to meet up,” Sam says, “I guess she’ll explain more then.”
“Or hunger,” Cas clarifies, and laughs at some joke Dean isn’t privy to, “except it can’t be.”
Dean keeps expecting things to change. If Cas actually is in love with him, and Dean turned him down, there’s going to be distance, right? Dean’s going to lose the only real friend he’s ever had.
“Is this where I care bear it again?” Dean asks. Sam hasn’t explained exactly how he’s going to do this soul graft, but Dean figures it’s going to be heavy magic. Like with the incident with Amy the kitsune. Cas isn’t here to help Dean call Sam back, but Dean thinks he can do it. If he even helped at all.
“A human soul sewed to an angel,” Cas continues, “it’s never been done before.”
“I choose you,” Cas agrees.
Dean’s going to scream. There’s no way Death is dropping something cryptic like this, and then bailing on giving them an answer.
And then Cas is back, and he brought the quilt from Sam’s bed to drape over him.
“Read me a story?” he teases. Cas told him a few good stories while Dean was in this exact same position.
Cas visibly forces his shoulders down, and then vanishes with the sound of wings flapping.
Having a room separate from Sam is a novelty, since they grew up sharing beds in motels across the country. Since Dean spent a whole year co-sleeping with his little brother. It’s strange, but exciting, because this is a luxury to have his own space.
"What would make you happy?" Cas asks.
“I’m sorry,” Dean says again. He kisses Cas again. It’s all he can do until Cas lets him go.
"Right," Benny says, and steps away, "now, what did I tell y'all about my life before purgatory?"
“I know! We haven’t been on any dates and we’ve done it all. But that’s because you’re charming. And I’m easy,” Dean laughs.
“If we find him on the way, he can join,” Benny figures.
The temperature keeps dropping around them, Dean can see his breath. He tries to tally how far it is to the car. Can he make it? Because if they can get to the car then— then there are wards. Holy oil.
“Dad was fucked up. Because he let revenge consume him.”
Dean has never truly been shocked in his life, he realizes in this instant. Because he’s had some stuff dropped on him that made him seize up, stuff that made his heart skip a beat. But nothing has ever stopped him cold like this just did. He thinks his jaw drops.
Bobby’s sitting at the only table, and flips the book he was reading closed, “What’s not—”
Dean holds his tongue. Sam wants to do this. Cas is teaching him. And Dean trusts both of them. He wants to stop this because it’s dangerous, but so is practically everything they do. Any hunt could go bad and be their last. So… is this psychic stuff any different?
“Hello, Dean.”
“This couch folds out,” Bobby says. Right, Dean knows that. He and Sam slept on it several times growing up.
Dean’s not sure what to say about that. Angels are like bugs? He wonders back to the leviathans— they were some multi-legged freaks kinda like centipedes. If they came before angels, then maybe there are some similarities between the two. Like, God improved on the first version to make angels— which included taking away their mouths, considering how badly that went with the leviathans and their hunger.
He didn’t. Dean knows it, even if he can’t prove it. But it’s like before, when Cas was working with Crowley. Dean was the one who refused to believe it, who trusted Cas, and he was wrong then. Is he wrong again now? He’s got nothing to prove it, except that he believes Cas wouldn’t turn on him like this, not after all of his fears about returning to heaven. Dean lets Sam and Bobby speculate, and doesn’t fight them. There’s nothing he can say.
Dean doesn’t even have it in him to argue. He’s going to fall asleep the second he’s allowed to go horizontal.
But this is real life. Cas hurt Sam. Dean has to remind himself of that. Cas is a means to an end, and then Dean has to forget everything they had. Get Sam healed, ditch Cas to his new life.
“Yes,” Death smiles, “precisely. For the apocalypse, for Lucifer himself, he needed a special host. One made explicitly to suit him. The rest of the Winchesters? Interchangeable for Michael. But you, Sam, were made to be an exact match to the devil.”
“Who said you could lead, asshole?” Dean asks, “I’m in charge here!”
“I’ll help,” Bobby says firmly.
’. Sitting on these steps, Cas trying to explain the feelings he has for Dean. Love? Hunger? He didn’t have proper names for them back then.
“You and Cas talked?” Dean repeats, sounding like a bad echo. His whole face is hot with shame, and he turns away to scrub a hand down his face, “fuck, fuck. So you’ve known and—”
“You can’t have a road trip without snacks,” Dean scoffs, “Cas, go find out what the good snacks are.”
Sam and Cas are talking weird shit— Cas talks about constructs and Sam talks about weaves or singing and Dean has no idea what the hell any of that means. But then Sam’s closing his eyes to focus. It takes a minute, and then the lights in the room flicker.
“You okay?” Bobby asks in lieu of greeting.
run up to hug him. Even though he wants to. He told Andrea that he’s can’t be with Benny, cause he’s got Cas. And he can’t look like a huge queer in front of Sam.
And then Cas seems to realize he’s been caught. He blinks, like he’s waking up, and his eyes go wide.
“You stop to consider the fact that Crowley needs help taking out a demon? About how strong this demon must be?”
And then Cas moves in, cups Dean’s face in his hands, and kisses him. Right here, right in front of Sam! And it’s exactly what Dean wanted him to do, and sends a spike of fear right into his stomach. Sam could wake up, he could see this, and he’ll
Cas glances down at him, and the blues of his eyes are slightly backlit with an unnatural light, but otherwise his face is heavy with shadow.
And it’s fun. Real fun. The kind of fun that makes Sam and Bobby relax. The kind of fun Dean can have to appease his team, get his little clan running smoothly again when they don’t have to worry about him. They can rest easy thinking Dean’s back to normal. The pre-purgatory normal.
“Oh,” Cas nods, and has the nerve to actually stop moving, “there were pleasurable sensations from you touching my penis, but they were distracting so I detached myself from them.”
Dean’s so surprised by it he snorts, loudly.
“Are you seriously joking right now?” Dean snaps.
“I don’t know if that means anything,” Dean admits.
Dean figured marriage didn’t mean much to someone who got kicked out of heaven. And the Winchester name is kinda cursed, he gets it. He tries not to feel too disappointed anyways.
“I was thinking,” Cas says, and he looks down at his hands, uncharacteristically emotive, “whether it’s true that I am an angel or a seraph, I… I have not done well without outside direction.”
“Do you— what do you make of Sam’s shit?” Dean asks.
“Oh,” Dean also stares at the can as Cas hands it back.
Thank you all for the lovely feedback and responses last chapter. We are gonna start getting lots of domestics and lots of good shit, but also lots of heartache is coming our way. Enjoy the good while it lasts!!!
Dean takes a glance around the room. The windows show it’s still late. Or maybe early morning. Wait— windows? They were shattered— so was the tv! And now it’s all put back together? How long was Dean asleep?
Sam seems to get it, as much as he can understand something he doesn’t remember.
. It shakes the ground, it knocks dust out of the rafters and sets off car alarms outside. Dean’s teeth rattle.
“You worry that just because you’re trying to not be him, that you may have made the wrong choice?” Cas asks, nailing it in one.
Dean stumbles down the stairs to the panic room a few steps behind Bobby. He knows he should be concerned, but all he can think about is how fucking
Sam’s on this side of the kitchen, his back is to Dean, and he’s got his hand thrown out in front of him, palm forwards. Dean’s heart sinks at the memory of seeing this stance several times. Sam used it to exorcise demons, to kill things. And now here he is, playing with recycling?
Dean clues in pretty quick that the weird feeling in the air is Cas. Might actually
Cas can’t look at him, “I knew you would never agree to it. It’s why I couldn’t tell you. You would be better off if I hadn’t returned, but it appears I am your punishment.”
Bobby clears his throat. Dean snaps his eyes down to the table. Can’t believe he just got caught staring at Cas like this.
Cas’ big, stupid trench coat is hard to get his hands under, and then he’s got so many layers under
why women liked it.
Dean rolls his eyes, “Sure. Whatever.”
“You may go unconscious. Do not be alarmed,” Cas says to Dean. Dean stares at him and has to remind himself he’s not dreaming. Cas rarely lets his touches linger this long.
Dean doesn’t want the answer. He’s figured out the reason. The answer is that: Cas said he loved him to trick Dean, to fool Dean into trusting him. And Dean fell for it. Hook, line and sinker. Dean was stupid enough to think something divine, something good, could see something worth loving in him.
, his skin is on fire, even though his clothes. It’s not blood around him— it’s melted ice. In fact, Dean can see small trails of steam around Sam. He knows Sam’s body temp rises when Sam uses his powers. He’s
(links are all sfw and take you to either wikipedia for more info or an image to show what I had in mind. As always, open at your own risk): So leviathan bases-
His stomach cramps so badly that he can’t even stand up straight. He’s never been so fucking hungry in his life.
Sam opens the door, “Hey, are you almost done in here?”
He leaves Sam to fill up the car as he heads to grab road snacks. All of Dean’s old clothes are still too big for him, with the way he starved in purgatory, but he figures he’ll gain it back soon enough. Real food is so rich it keeps giving him stomach aches, but it’s so much better than eating raw monster and angel blood that Dean can’t complain. He fucking
Dean huffs a laugh, gives Cas a comforting pat on the knee. His fingers curve to the inside of Cas’ thigh, and Dean’s a little too loopy to move them.
there. At the end of the world, at the end of all hope, Cas has lost everything. And he's still there at Dean's side.
“You don’t
Cas moans when Dean squeezes.
“We were working a case on the leviathans,” Dean wants to explain, but there’s too much to say, too little time. He shouldn’t have let Bobby go alone, he should have trusted that Sam could sit in a car for half an hour.
Dean passes a shelf of books, and it’s the big butterfly wings that catch his eye.
See y'all on wednesday <3
“What he’s doing is staying with us!” Dean snaps.
“Still no word on Naomi’s movement,” Cas says to announce himself.
Dean thinks he might have a heart attack with how his heart is hammering in his chest. He knows that tone.
“We’ll figure it out. Bobby, just… I need you to call the shots. Once I let go of Cas I’m gonna be a dick. Make sure we take care of Sam, okay?”
Cas keeps his wings tucked away except for at night. He unfurls them and makes a kind of tent out of them, and even if Dean can’t see them, they do keep the rain and fog out, and cut the wind. By morning it’s almost like being under blankets, with how Dean and Cas’ vessel’s body heat warms up the enclosed space.
“Yeah. Not because he’s not human, but because he’s a seraph, Dean. The way he processes, and feels things it… it’s different.”
“For what? Dying? You saved me and Sam,” Dean reminds him.
. It was a hit! But to this day any Canadian who remembers the show will also inform you about the nightmares they had about being run down by Mantracker on his horse. In theory it aired in the states and so Dean and Sam may have watched it growing up.
Crustacean (for the gills attached to the legs design, and exoskeleton)
“I’m a bull trapped in a china shop,” Sam mutters, “Bobby’s already putting out feelers to find that witch— Rowena, I think?— that Death recommended. If I can get stronger with her, Death thinks my other wings will be able to manifest.”
Cas doesn’t look away from him. Cas has always seen him, right from the beginning. They could look at each other and
“Yeah,” and Bobby looks at Dean like there’s some
“On his side, on his side,” Bobby orders.
“I’m close enough,” Cas says, and shakes his head, “my design, it… I can see it now. Leviathans were the first creation, seraphim must have been inspired by them.”
“Yes,” Sam says, “I’ve had— I’ve had a recurring vision for a while now. I didn’t know what it meant, but now I know it’s about this. I’m the only chance Cas has.”
He’s ready for this. He didn’t eat the gas station taquitos, instead opted for a veggie-heavy meal with Sam. He doesn’t think Sam noticed anything different.
with him.
It’s so surreal that for a moment, Dean thinks he’s dreaming. There are springs digging into his back. He’s in the middle of two grown guys on a pullout that’s too small. He’s sweating— both Sam and Cas are human-shaped furnaces. He’s never been so relieved in his life.
“You said you loved me,” Dean spits, “how the fuck could you claim that and do this--”
“Any psychics, any healers out there who might know anything,” Bobby explains, “if anyone can help, they’re to get in touch with me.”
Dean hates that he knows Sam too well. Sam’s lying.
in Dean’s soul, and the pain is so overwhelming, so consuming, that Dean doesn’t have a chance to scream as he is unmade.
“My blood?”
Purgatory warnings apply. Things are gross, rough and there's a little bit of body horror for good measure!
top five. But he is more than happy to try. He pulls Cas in for another kiss. Grunts when Cas pulls his fingers out of him. And then loses track of everything else in favor of focusing on the weight of Cas’ body on him, the
Dean can’t bring himself to say it. He still can’t— he’s forced himself not to think about it. Cas is… Cas is gone. Trapped. Dead. Dean failed him. Cas was reaching for him, Dean should have tried harder, because Cas loved him and Dean said he would save him this time. And then Dean let him down. Dean
, Cas wants to do this now?
It’s the sound of his voice that does it. Dean’s breathing tips into a sob. He turns his face into Cas’ shoulder, grits his teeth. Stop it, stop it! Everything is okay! Everyone is alive! He doesn’t need to— there’s no need to—
“Like what?” Dean plays along.
“You can do that?” Dean asks.
how badly Cas needs to be pulled out of his dark headspace, but Dean can’t do that for him. What the fuck can Dean even do? What good is he when there isn’t anything to kill?
“What else you got?” Dean asks, and then, to his own mortification, yawns.
They keep driving. Dean has no idea where they’re going. They’ll drive until they feel like stopping, he figures.
A blast of moist, foul breath behind him, and he’s being pinned in by all of the heads.
“I think I should kill it,” Sam says.
If you're keeping track between the two stories, we have officially finished chapter 7 of TEA in our timeline of events. Here goes chapter 8, which means [drumroll] we get to revisit The Dumbest Most Sincere Bro Convo About Sexuality aka one of my favorite scenes I've ever written.
Welcome back!
(See the end of the chapter for
“Then he used you to kill himself,” Death says.
Dean watches the back and forth, wonders what the fuss is all about. He hadn’t even considered that Cas’ wings could hurt him. And Dean probably should have known better, considering Cas’ true voice made him bleed out of his ears and his true face could burn Dean’s eyes out. Considering the bodies they saw that were incinerated just from running into Cas when he wasn’t even paying attention to them.
Because he’s about to get eaten and die, or, it makes him want to kill everyone around him because he wants to go back to sleep.
Dean's stomach drops all the way out his ass. He's such an idiot. And an asshole.
Andrea nods.
“Try again,” Cas says.
his songs now and I’ve seen him in action. And he was
Dean tries to kiss Cas as soon as Cas has his hand back on their dicks, but Cas squeezes tight, almost too tight, and Dean drops his head onto Cas’ shoulder with a groan. Yup. Yup. He’s getting hard again for sure.
Dean nods, even though Bobby isn’t looking at him.
“It’s soft,” Cas says, almost a whine.
“I haven’t— I haven’t been with a guy before,” he reminds Benny, “so I don’t know how—”
Winchester?”
. Dean nods quietly.
Cas is worth it.
“Yikes,” Dean grimaces. That’s gonna suck. Cas’ injuries should have killed a normal human, and almost killed him. They might still, it turns out.
And then Dean is dead to the world.
Dean’s phone buzzes just as he walks into their motel room. It’s Sam. Weird. Sam said he was off to do some research. He must have found something useful. Unfortunate, cause Dean was thinking about calling Cas to fool around. Sam can usually waste hours reading.
“Thank you?” Sam squeaks out.
“Dean,” Bobby starts.
“You wanna see if Bobby’s got more booze?” Dean tries.
“Recovery takes time,” Dean figures, “we’ll be driving for a while. You can sleep if you want.”
“You’re trigger happy, and guarded,” Bobby points out, when Dean doesn’t say anything. Dean breathes slowly to keep his stomach from turning inside out.
“I do not like that flavor,” Cas announces.
Thank you to everyone who's taken the time to comment so far. I've been working on this fic for so long, that it's such a delight to get feedback!
Dean laughs. It still feels like a dream, except Dean is sore enough to know it was all real, “Oh, yeah.”
“Yeah,” Sam says quietly, and gets in the car.
“I’ll get people for him. We’ll get him moved, somewhere these assholes can’t find him. So you Winchester’s do what you do best and go kill these motherfuckers already.”
“He’s my best friend,” Dean says.
“The concentrated exposure to my grace should have killed Sam immediately,” Cas confesses, “the fact that this is all the damage he sustained? He’s incredibly lucky, or far more powerful than any of us have given him credit for. And if it is an angel possessing him, then they are trying to be discreet. Which may give us some time.”
“Look out!” Dean shouts. It’s too late. The striga catches Benny unaware, takes him to the ground. They feed on life force, but apparently once you’re dead you can start making exceptions. Dean dodges a werewolf clawing at him, quick elbow to the snapping teeth. Follow it up with a shoulder slam, knock it off center. Spin the blade in his hands. Sink it into the chest.
He doesn’t care because this feels
"I'm gonna… I might sleep for a bit," Dean says, "but you don't have to go, if you don't want to. You can stay."
“That’s your pitch?” Dean realizes, “trust you, because I have no other choice?”
There’s not much else they can communicate to Sam until his hearing returns.
. He’s been burning through all the books he can get his hands on, but he’s coming up with nothing. Sam’s not making any sense, but Sam never makes sense when he starts talking about magic shit. That’s for him and Cas to geek out over.
“We met when I rescued you from hell,” Cas figures, “and your song caused irreparable damage to the integrity of my form. I was intrigued, which resulted in the… unusual bond we formed before I fell from grace.”
All that shit Dean was worked up about before they got here? Wondering if he should forgive Cas? If he could? Forgotten. Purgatory’s cleared his head, and just like Dean knows the distinction between friend and foe as
On his next exhale the radio quiets and the lights turn off.
“The leviathans knew me,” Cas says, “beyond sharing a host together. They had… names for me. Like we had met before.”
Gee Dean, how come you get TWO monster boyfriends???
“I couldn’t risk it,” Sam says, “she has… she doesn’t normally kill, she’s good, but she has a kid. He’s sick, he has to have fresh… food. So that’s why we tried. Because if I can change her, then… then maybe I can change him too. I can save them.”
I have been sitting on this last line since early 2020. I have been SO EXCITED about this line since early 2020!!!!!
Always on the move. Always on the run. Classic purgatory.
“Death said he put a bit of your soul back so you can stop being a dick.”
Benny considers this a moment, and then nods to the entrance, “Angel, go stand guard. I’ll get Dean dirty.”
Cas goes from looking ashamed to looking way too smug for a guy with come on his chin. But Dean can’t even blame him. Cas got him to come
Dean snags the 40 off the counter as he follows Bobby out. It’s not
Yeah. Fuck, okay. Dean thinks he has it in him for one more tonight, especially for this.
“The other beverages aren’t made with love, with passion and excitement and wonder. This one was,” Cas says, and he smiles down at the can.
“These woods are probably swarming with those things, and we are
Dean listens to Sam’s sleep-talk from his spot on the floor. The boards are dirty— he’d harass Bobby about it, but the old man would make Dean clean it himself. Sam invited him to crash on his bed, but Dean still gets nauseous from sleeping in a bed. It feels like falling in the worst ways. Too soft.
They saved the world. Dean should be celebrating. He wants to scream, to bawl, and drink himself to death before it can set in that Sam is gone.
