Once again Steve had the unpleasant feeling he had missed something, but couldn't tell what exactly. It probably had something to do with everything he'd missed. He should ask... someone. About what had happened with Jarvis exactly.
Of course, he did spend a lot of time with Captain America, but that was as Iron Man, not as Tony Stark. So, for now, Tony Stark was neither Cap's friend nor Steve's, and he should really get to it if he wanted to have a chance. It wasn't like Steve seemed interested in befriending Tony himself, so obviously he'd have to take the first step.
He'd found out what was happening – long story short, apparently Yinsen had a child from a first marriage who wasn't Toni Ho, and that son was angry because his dad hadn't loved him enough, cry me a river, Tony wasn't out there making terroristic points because Howard had failed to come to about 90% of his birthday parties when he'd been alive, and also Wong-Chu and Cie had apparently implanted him with a kill-switch that he was almost certain came from the Mandarin, hence why no one had ever picked up on it, makluan technology was just weird and alive like that, and no one had ever explained to the kid that the means justified the ends only as long as the ends were justified themselves.
More than that, the armor shouldn't have been hijacked. More than that, Tony should have been good enough to prevent that from happening – how many times had he worried about Iron Man being used for evil? How many modifications had he done to the armor to keep it from being used against his will? But it didn't matter, because the one way they had used, that one way, he hadn't seen it coming – worse, perhaps he had, and hadn't been good enough to properly shield the armor from that way. He guessed he wouldn't know about that until he found out who, how, and why.
Not that Steve wanted to hear about that.
He got up from the couch, took a step away from Steve, as the man – his friend, right? – did the same and tried to – to what? Stop him from leaving?
But the sooner he'd learn to deal with this, the better, even if only for his entourage. Tony may have the right to be angry, to feel inadequate, and everything else, but it didn't mean Mrs. Arbogast deserved to be confronted to his flaws of character any more than absolutely necessary.
Tomorrow the President would make him Director of SHIELD, and at the same time announce the global amnesty for all the rogue heroes, granted they weren't, actually, outright murderers like Frank Castle – Captain America, of course, wasn't in the deal, because Tony didn't make miracles, but what was certain was that there would be no death sentence, and, as long as Steve didn't act like his bullheaded self during his trial, as long as he admitted to having done some things he shouldn't have, even if he still stood by his beliefs, the most he'd get would probably be a few months and possibly a probation with the Thunderbolts – which would do them a lot of good, if even one of them could use their ears for something else than listening to their own voices.
As for himself, well. He might not have been sexually attracted to Steve so far, but he had mooned over Steve's eyes, hadn't he? Like, not necessessarily in a “Oh your eyes make me go weak in the knees” fashion, but definitely in a “Your eyes give me hope” fashion. Steve's presence could make Iron Man relax instantly... and put Tony Stark on edge right away.
“...which resulted in him being given the post as soon as SHRA was left without a head.”
Hell, Captain America could have come right to the White House after the fact, confronted the president about Hill's ways in public, and the fallout would have been better than that. But no, Steve's trust in the american people's good nature only extended so far as to say they should all live in anarchy – okay, maybe that was pushing it a little, but the point stood – and not actually trusting anyone in particular to actually form a somewhat functional system.
Misty took a swig of her beer, and – smiled, but not quite, there was something really unpleasant in that smile, and if Steve hadn't known any better, he'd think she blamed him for something, but didn't want to say it until he actually knew about it.
A deep breath, and they heard the sounds of footsteps coming their way. Fake-Tony's face tensed.
When Steve walked out from behind the crates, Tony wasn't even surprised.
As always, unable to even admit that he was the one who'd started it.
I'm attracted to you. Except, it doesn't work, because I didn't know you back then and I still hit on you, and I'm trying, I'm really trying, but I don't know why I did, and I can't tell what I was thinking, it's like someone told me the story of my life and it almost fits but here and there I just have no idea why I've made those choices and why I took these decisions.”
He was half-hoping he'd have a heart attack, right now, right here, to get him out of this conversation, but 1) Steve would then find out who he was while trying to save him, and 2) this wasn't about Tony, this was about Steve, and about helping him sort out his feelings after Zemo resurfaced.
Steve's mouth twisted, as his gaze redoubled in intensity, fixed on the faceplate.
“But it's kind of obvious just watching him react to my very name, isn't it?”
The interrogation mark was barely audible, and it was obvious they were both remembering their last meeting – Hill ordering him to round up the heroes who were likely to oppose SHRA once it would be law, and then turning her men against him when he refused.
“Yeah, because skrulls are always so intelligent too. People only see what they want to, that's what it is, and you might argue to the contrary, but you probably are no better than us on that point. Now, moving on: what do you want?”
To know why exactly, after everything, Steve still thought Iron Man could belong.
Because, mostly, if they didn't accept some restrictions, at least long enough to let everyone calm down, they would suffer the consequences – and Steve had no idea of what that meant exactly.
"I don't need to take this from you."
“Tony... Are you sure you aren't just freaking out because you always believed you were straight and it turns out you're just a little bit bisexual?”
It was only once this short-lived romance died down that Tony really thought back onto the subject of the possible crush Cap had on Iron Man. The few months since the not-an-incident-because-the armor-didn't-disappear had mostly confirmed what he already thought: Steve might not be on the market right now, but there were lingering feelings he had not acted on in his interactions with Iron Man. There was even – and that one was a surprise, frankly – sexual attraction, in the basest meaning of the expression; Steve wasn't looking for anything, but apparently Iron Man was his type. Somehow.
Tony hadn't said anything to Pepper, because her pain at losing Happy overshadowed his, because her anger at the fact that this was most definitely an act against Tony – that the reason why Happy was all but dead was because someone wanted Tony, not Happy, not Pepper, but Tony, to suffer – was deserved.
“Yep.”
Steve's back straightened.
Tony had already lost everything once, and it had been horrible, but what Steve didn't seem to get about him – aside from about everything else – was that he'd do it again if it was for the right thing. Of course Tony had weaknesses, of course there were things he didn't want to lose, but if that was the price for making sure even a few more people lived, well.
But Captain America was a good man, and Steve Rogers was a good man, and the polite thing was not to mention whatever was wrong, and they shook hands, and the glint of distrust didn't disappear from Captain America's otherwise friendly face.
But what he was trying to say – without saying it – was that yeah, Iron Man did exactly what Tony told him to, because he was Tony Stark. Tony controlled Iron Man as much as anyone could control themselves.
If Iron Man's secret identity hadn't been a secret identity, Tony just knew that the answers would have been different, that he'd have gotten muttering about how he wasn't taking his role as an Avenger seriously enough and maybe he should try and figure out what were his actual priorities instead of wasting their time. But the miracle of a secret identity was that your reasons being secret and personal, hence completely abstract and vague, no one started nitpicking about them as long as you did your job – the moment the secret was open, though, everyone suddenly thought they knew better than you why you were a failure of a human being.
“Tony Stark isn't one of us.”
Steve was drugged, right now, a bit out of it, he reminded himself.
Besides, they didn't always lie. Just, often enough – sometimes it wasn't so much a lie as a lack of details, a lack of knowledge.
Right now he didn't have the strength to be Tony Stark.
Right?
So Steve was already standing, in his Captain America uniform – was that a good thing, because he still stood by what he'd done, or at least, by what he'd meant by it, and he didn't want anyone to think otherwise? Was that a bad thing, because they'd be parading him around, again? He didn't know, but he guessed, in the end, that it was for the best if he assumed the worst from Stark, right?
Steve woke up with a sharp pain at his collarbone, and.
He tilted Steve's head back, cleared his airway, and started CPR – wondering absent-mindedly whether or not he'd remember the feel of Steve's lips, later on, if he survived, because right now he was way too worried about keeping his friend alive to focus on that.
It was everything Tony had expected it to be, down to the horror in Steve's eyes.
Perhaps if he... Yeah, that he could do. He was more valuable as a tool than as a person, so he should present how efficient he was as a tool. That was how you sold a tool, after all: by flaunting what you could do with it, and not by lauding its inner beauty.
“Hallucinations, you mean.”
Anyway.
Except it didn't go the right way, towards him, at all.
At least he'd have tried.
There wasn't a chance, that much was obvious, now, but Tony would be damned if he didn't bring this attempt to its end – even if said end was to be in less than five minutes. He was not going to shield his feelings, to manipulate his face until this ended.
The handcuffs on his right side brought him right back in his bed.
Steve almost thought he'd have to thank whoever they were, if he ever got to know their identity – except that they hadn't taken it down, they still thought it necessary, which meant they weren't on the right side. Because they'd done one thing right didn't mean everything else they were standing for wasn't utter bullshit. Just look at the nazis: they had interesting ideas about ecology and animal protection, but they were still primarily genocidal, monstruous murderers.
Steve took a moment to look around before answering. For a second he made a face – Tony wasn't quite sure at what – before his eyes fell back on Iron Man and locked themselves there.
If only it could mean a lot of good things, and not just whatever it was that Tony was feeling right now.
He raised his hands and laughed a bit, weakly, not that he had any idea how that sounded from outside the armor.
He'd say Steve scowled again, but as his expression hadn't shifted an inch since the first scowl, it was really more of a continuation of that scowl. Handy, that. Couldn't actually accuse Steve of thinking Iron Man was a hypocrite and letting it show, as, you know, the scowl had already been there.
Ah. There was the bitterness.
He thought of giving a bitter smile, but he was wearing the helmet, so there was no point in doing it.
“And how's Registration going to stop you from blowing a jumbo jet the next time someone hacks your brain?”
“Seriously, what is this? Why are you... watching your...”
As a general rule, he refused to consider the fact that he somehow still ended up blaming himself whenever something went wrong, not because he thought he could have done more, but simply because even his best wasn't good enough, he should have done more – the fact that he couldn't didn't matter. Eitherway, he refused to consider it.
She let go of him, only to open the door.
Ah, there. Newspapers. Always a good thing, newspapers, for people who woke up after long enough a time – not because they were truthful, but because they showed you what the public opinion was, or, alternatively, what some people wanted it to be.
Even if Steve really didn't – want to – understand Tony Stark. Even if Steve thought he understood Iron Man, when really there was nothing to understand, because Iron Man wasn't real, was only a mask for Tony Stark to hide behind.
He should have asked for a freaking faraday cage, it might have stood a chance.
Steve would be too busy resenting him for being Iron Man – for being Tony Stark? – to really care about anything else, and by the time the anger would have waned, well, he wouldn't have any energy left to rant at Tony's grave about his self-sacrificial tendencies.
He was Iron Man, and it was never going to matter.
“That only worked in House of M, from what Spider-Man told me, because I was a mutant who said things about myself and made them true as a consequence.”
Steve looked like he wanted to eat his own lips rather than answer, but still spoke, just before closing his eyes – not to look at anything, especially not at the file, and possibly not at his murderer of a friend sitting next to him either, and did Tony know how that felt...
If he'd take the hint, that something here didn't make sense.
As long as a suggestion was given. More often than not, people were content with complaining about how you did things, without making the effort of providing an alternative.
“I heard you do not remember anything of House of M, Tony.”
He could hear the Red Skull babbling in the background, again – this time, talking to him, and Tony really hoped T'Challa could punch the guy out, like, right now.
Of course, that would make the whole PR thing more complicated, but...
Tony was alone – with his goddamn wheelchair, of course – in his office, unable to... Unable to do so many things, he realized, things he didn't even want to do to begin with, but that his new inability to even make that choice made suddenly appealing.
Captain America gave him an honest smile.
All of that would matter, anyway, only if the Supreme Intelligence wasn't a genocidal supercomputer, which it was – wasn't it...? It didn't matter. It wasn't. If it had been, it'd never had done that.
“You'd tell your boss what to do? You do want to keep this job, right?”
“There's a thing I have trouble understanding, Iron Man.”
Something wasn't right.
“You make some good points, though. What if... What if I said I was thinking about it? What if I said that you could... convince me?”
He'd heard the gunshot, he'd seen – well, almost – Stark fall, but he hadn't gotten a confirmation. Maybe Stark was alive, if wounded. Maybe Extremis had saved him here.
“Not pretty, uh? Iron Man had to battle... whoever it was this time, really, and when he pushed me aside I ended up with a door in my face. But enough about me, are you saying you're having a problem? What is it, something wrong with the Maria Stark Foundation, maybe? Or did I sign something I shouldn't have without paying attention?”
Anthony Stark himself – well, no, Iron Man – giving an order or another – because he liked doing that, didn't he, Stark? All about control, all about what he wanted – to a SHIELD agent, and possibly keeping an eye on his transfer, because of course they couldn't be trusted – who? Steve himself? Afraid he'd make a run for it? The agents? Afraid one of them cared just a bit too much about free will and the possibility of getting Captain America out of custody no matter the means?
Tony pushed the door wide open to announce his presence. Beast was the first one to turn around.
He was about to say as much, when Peter added:
Tony guessed the truth could be a defiance.
He could, he could...
All of this meant a lot of things, none of which made Tony feel good about anything at all.
His guts churned, and Tony wondered what he had done wrong – or if, perhaps, there just wasn't a way for him to get it right, not even when talking to Captain America, and wasn't that a comforting thought? Had he said something he shouldn't have, or made a gesture Rogers wasn't comfortable with...?
“Tony...”
Steve had an odd look on his face, but it's nothing negative – perhaps a bit contemplative? – so Tony left the mansion with the comforting thought that Steve seemed happy with his life, and their continued friendship was apparently part of the reason.
Of course he'd have to deal with the consequences of Hill's entire lack of experience handling Captain America – or superheroes in general – because that was what he did, wasn't it?
Good day.
Charles didn't comment on his identity, on the fact that he only had the mask with him and hadn't let go of it, or, later on, on the fact that he had a failing heart – after all, Charles himself was a cripple too.
Steve offered him a glass of water and a straw, and Tony was stupidly grateful, too.
Oh. Strange's house. He'd been here before, right? Right.
“I'd tell you that it's your body, and it's your business what you want to do with...”
Steve had his hand on the armor's shoulder, and Tony did his best not to look at it.
Not even three feet from him, about at the same level – on the ground, that was why he hadn't seen, because he'd been looking up, searching for... for what, already? – there laid Stark, unmoving. Steve knew that if he looked up he'd see the smoking window further away, because...
“What would be your advice, then, Black Panther? Take over the american government and place Captain America as our king, maybe?”
His father, as it was, had also been Tony's first contact with the hard truth that while people could be predicted, some could also react in ways that seemed illogical, in ways you'd never take yourself, if only because they had a different personality, and sometimes that personality made them needlessly cruel. That had been how Tony had learned people couldn't be trusted to be anything else than themselves, even if it didn't seem to make sense fundamentally, even if they should know better.
“If that's what you're going to ask... Steve, I'm happy you're alive, I'm happy you're well, I'm happy you're back, but if this is what you're going to say...”
The president looked at him for a moment, and it was only when he stopped that Tony put the mask back into the suitcase.
He'd have liked to say Tony would never have hired someone to shoot him – even in a non-life-threatening way – except, except he'd learned the hard way that with Stark it was always best to assume the worst, if only so as not to be disappointed, hadn't he?
Tony heard a distinct click, as if a mic was being enabled, and indeed soon after that he heard her voice, though vaguely distorted by the device. You'd think high-tech aliens would have gotten rid of that inconvenience.
No one did, but.
Skrull-him's grip on his shoulder got stronger, and Tony was dragged out of the room and into a small corridor.
But apparently Franklin Richards had – at least – unconsciously caught on the lingering feelings – did that mean Iron Man and Cap behaved like his parents, for him to recognize it? Did they behave like a married couple? – between Iron Man and Captain America, because he'd ended up with Tony Stark and Steve Rogers being a happy – if nonsensical – couple in his mental creation.
He wasn't entirely sure why he was so angry – he knew, of course, the reasons, but he didn't get the intensity, this was not... – but he didn't care. Not right now, not right here. If... If Captain America came up with a better idea, then good, they'd follow it. But as long as he didn't – and no, just leaving wasn't a solution, it was irresponsibility, it was... – they'd need to turn off the Supreme Intelligence.
Misty took a moment to pause, to look him in the eyes – she wanted him to listen, to take the next words in, to be unable to deny what she'd told him, because it was going to be the truth, and he'd have to deal with it, and fuck it if he didn't like it.
A moment to breathe deeply, to calm himself down – he didn't deserve to be calm, but he needed to be if he wanted to stop all this, he needed to stop crying, to start being useful again, he might be nothing more than an instrument in this story, but an instrument could be used different ways, and it was time to use it to determine what was going on.
So yeah, maybe he had personal, selfish reasons to do what he did. Maybe. But what was certain was that doing it was giving him a reason to live, a reason to go on and try, and maybe his selfishness would save a live or two.
Tony did wake up first, surprisingly, and T'Challa was there to assure him that, whatever he thought about the situation – the situation being, obviously, Iron Man's secret identity that T'Challa had known about for a long time already as they'd made clear during the situation with the White Wolf a few months ago – he'd made sure no one else knew. Tony would have bolted out of bed if he had had the strength, which he didn't, so he just asked about Steve.
Captain America was a good man, though, so he didn't say anything – and perhaps Tony would have wanted him to explain what was wrong, what he had gotten wrong, because right now he felt like he was back face to face with his father, and Howard Stark was looking at him like there was something fundamentally wrong with him but he wasn't going to tell him what, and Tony couldn't ever get better when people just wouldn't tell him how...
A moment of silence.
If they didn't have a goddamned good reason to betray him – like, say, direct threat on their lives – they generally didn't.
Had the footsteps been Tony's? But he'd come from the other side, and – and Steve had turned around to push the marshal away, and Tony had...
So there was no need to be – too – guarded.
“No. They're really, really not.”
More like a landpoint of the island of Utopia, where everything always went well and everyone was perfectly kind, well-meaning, and unable to screw up, but hey. Sometimes you had to choose your words.
Still, he did what he was told to, and tried to take a swing at Steve.
Superheroes did tend to be stubborn.
Then.
T'Challa, however, knew who Iron Man was, and he had to have an inkling as to what the exact consequences to this particular revelation would have, even on his wedding day. Steve, for all his righteousness, had a tendency to take everything personally, and then pretend it was all about principles. Tony had to trust that T'Challa wouldn't go so far as to endanger his own wedding only for a ploy.
V'ra frowned, and Tony wondered if she was thinking exactly the same thing as him – likely.
“Uh. Certainly.”
Saying everyone was kind and nice was good and all, except some weren't, and while it might appear unfair to “punish” the heroes for what the villains did, what right did they have to put their own comfort before the lives of ordinary people, who couldn't even defend themselves if, say, one day, the Sentry had a break-down and decided the answer to Evil was to wipe out the planet. Which, you know, hit a bit too close to home. It wasn't like no hero had ever decided enough was enough, and repentant as they might be afterwards, it didn't change the fact that there had been consequences – and wasn't that exactly what they'd told him, after the guardsmen? Why didn't it apply to them too, then, why should it only apply to Tony and the likes?
And for a moment Steve wondered if she was really talking about him at all. Was she... angry at herself? There was something. There was something, and once again it all fell into place, but the details weren't exactly right, and Steve had to wonder, once more, if maybe there was something he was missing, because it worked, but it didn't seem like it should work.
He finally realized he was – he used to be – good, that wasn't the problem.
Captain America wasn't going to try and wrench everything out of Tony to leave him miserable and beaten to a pulp as soon as he wouldn't need him anymore.
“Come on, we'll catch up somewhere else.”
“It's the SHRA.”
“Anyway. I talked to him, and, it was... It was him. It wasn't... something else. Of course, I still thought, even as I noticed that, that Extremis was doing something to him, that it was inhibiting his better qualities, or that it was making him drunk on power, or...”
Would he not?
Nevertheless, he'd ditched Agent Lockhart, scrambled all communications around him at the time of the call, and driven around for a while before heading up to the stadium. This wasn't an official meeting, not this time. Tony wasn't going to get another chance at an official parley, not if he wanted to keep enough credit for the global amnesty he'd been discussing with the President.
“If I was, how would you explain me being this miserable?”
Striking repeatedly at the head – again. The hard sound of the steel-vibranium shield against the helmet – again. The sparks of violence – again.
To be fair, Clint had given him – Iron Man-him, not Tony Stark-him – a look when, just after they'd all come back from Franklin's pocket universe, he'd gone and “rescued Mr. Stark” only to reappear two days later with the news that the concerned authorities had been given a temporary explanation and they would not be shot on sight for pretending to be the lost heroes of the battle against Onslaught – barely joking there, you never knew what people might shoot you for in this country.
Things went downhill from there.
They had the galls to be judgmental, never considering that the ones who did make a choice – who allowed them not to make one – could be judging them just as such.
Tony chose not to elaborate – not now, not yet – and if Steve really wanted to talk about it he'd have to wait, unless he didn't want to hear about what had happened with the Prometheus armor first, about why Tony was a prisoner of his own chestplate, why Pepper had called Captain America in the middle of a mission to tell him that something had happened to his lover and he had to come as soon as he was done with his current duties, why the second message had been more controlled but still clipped and noticeably tense.
How many of them had actually deserved such a fate, and that knowing that even then Tony wouln't have – or would he? Had he? – killed them unless there really had been no other choice?
If there wasn't, then how came that Steve had just almost-thought – almost, because he hadn't, not until he had, not until the ghost-who-wasn't-here had brought it to his mind, but how had it done it, if it wasn't here? – all those things, things Steve didn't normally think? Doubts that he never allowed in, that he didn't even think about, because those were things Tony worried over, not Steve.
Tony could see the gears starting into motion in her head, and he wasn't entirely sure about what she was deducing exactly, but he sure as hell hoped it wasn't about how he'd actually gotten the bruise.
He blinked at the hospital-white of the walls around him, and sagged back in the bed.
Raised the glass to their lips.
As much as someone could ever know themselves.
The agents checked his handcuffs, and Steve let them do it.
He wanted something to drink, to take away the disgusting taste of disappointment in his mouth, to be done with the knowledge that he wasn't even good enough to warrant a chance of befriending Captain America – that Steve had deemed him unworthy of his time and concern.
“I...”
A tomato.
He wasn't, to be honest, that impatient to get home.
Apparently not.
“So we're not even pretending you don't know anymore, Nick?”
“You aren't exactly endearing me to being part of the Avengers, here.”
Happy made a face, which probably had to do with the fact that Tony was feeling like a double-whiskey and a 10000 volts charge to the heart might just do the trick, and it had to be showing.
“If it comes to that, I'll lay my life on the line for Iron Man.”
Since Steve didn't actually have anything to answer to that without making it sound like his rights mattered more, he didn't comment on that part.
Fake-Fury's face moved to look pissed-off, probably in accord with real-Nick's face wherever he currently was.
Or, to let her say what was on her mind.
He heard the screams, and felt almost – good, or at least, relieved – that this time, it was only about him, not about...
Except, it might not be Tony – was it? – but it still came back to him, didn't it?
What Tony needed was to be left alone. What they wanted to do in “helping” him was to get him back to do everything and anything to help people, to direct his enterprise, to... He wanted that, too, but it wasn't what he needed. If he even tried, it'd end up the same way, with him failing everyone because he wasn't good enough, because he wasn't strong enough, because he wasn't and couldn't be everywhere taking care of everything all the time but that was what people needed of him.
Not that he wouldn't do it if it was anyone else, but.
There was a pattern here, he knew; Bethany learned he was Iron Man, and eventually she left him – not because of that reason, no, for a much better reason, because her husband who was dead apparently wasn't, and what could Tony do about that? – just like everyone else. He wasn't saying that this knowledge was always the cause of everyone's departure – let's be frank, it was often the case – but somehow it still seemed to matter.
What else had she said?
Personally speaking, he wasn't quite sure why he wasn't just deciding not to think about it, ever again, considering how painful it would be to discover that yes, dear, Steve Rogers was in love with you – or could potentially become so – as long as he didn't really know you and after having proved that he couldn't care less about the real you.
Steve, one arm with the shield on it in the air again, aiming for yet another strike, froze. His eyes were wide open, his jaws working soundlessly.
He took a step back, swaying a little, as the idea that maybe, Steve knew, Steve knew perfectly well who was in the armor – would he accept to put him down, now? – made itself known.
He looked around his desk, found a match, and gritted his teeth.
V'ra didn't seem entirely convinced by her own answer, visibly waiting for more.
He told Rhodey that his eyes had been opened, that if a baby's life was worth saving, his own was too, yada yada yada.
Not true, and even if it was, he could still argue that someone needed to, and he didn't see Steve – or anyone else, for the matter, not since Rumiko – volunteering.
The SHIELD agents gave him a weird look, one of them whispering in his mic, and they started moving again.
Not anymore.
Steve was mulling over this all – there was something, something they weren't telling him, but he had no idea what and apparently asking was the wrong way to do it – as he walked down the street towards his flat. Which might explain why he didn't react right away when a mugger tried to threaten him with a knife and a terrible one-liner.
Tony didn't say anything at first – what could he say, especially when he put himself in that situation to begin with? – and just watched as Steve refilled his beer, almost looking like he did it on purpose, to point out that Tony was an alcoholic on top of everything else, and just because of that he should just stay clear of the bar, out, far away from Steve and his righteousness.
Yeah, because the scrambler had been holding back, right.
Steve – Captain Freaking America, the man with a plan, the one who will never fail you, the symbol you should respect no matter what – and Jan came by at some point, back when Tony was still at the penthouse, offering “help”. As if Steve cared, as if there was anything they could do. They couldn't revive the dead, could they? They couldn't undo his failures. Jan, he believed when she said she wanted to help him. Didn't mean she could.
The pressure on his mind was going up. Tony could feel his body almost vibrating under the strain, and the injuries that had still been healing since the fight at the Baxter Building were reopening. Other things were happening too – oh, feel that, the well-known feeling of death clawing at his innards – but with Extremis on the brink of shutdown he wasn't getting any notifications – or possibly, too many, and he couldn't consciously deal with the knowledge. If the other one had still been there, he'd probably be saying something like, Dang, Tony, that was your right lung giving in, you know.
“But it's not too late to stop. You haven't done anything that can't be fixed. Put the negator down and come with me. We can still do this the easy way.”
He was just... He was just going to need a moment. Just long enough to stop crying, to actually breath and not hiccup his way through survival.
Tony was going to play along, for now.
The marshals were not, in this situation, the ones to be blamed. So he'd rather expect the – maybe not the best, but at least a certain measure of consideration towards him, because they were doing their jobs, and he knew all too well that sometimes being protected from the press could be a good thing, better than the alternative.
So he just went back to his conversation with Peter, because that, at least, he could understand.
“Not the same thing.”
Steve didn't say anything about the implication that there was more.
“I thought you'd like to hear that Iron Man is doing alright. I mean, I know you've seen each other since the whole... Kang-thing, but he's not really one to tell when he's hurting, he'd be unlikely to tell you himself if things weren't good.”
He was shivering inside the armor – again, always, it came back to this, Tony Stark in an ocean of blood, when he tried to do better, when he didn't, apparently it wasn't about his intent, not ever, in the end everything would still collapse around him, and goddamn it, this wasn't the moment to make it about him!
“What can I do for you, Captain?”
No mention of how it could have been love, no, just “sex” because of course it'd have to be crass.
Tony turned around to look the skrull in the eyes – did he have that many eyelashes? He guessed, yes. Why hadn't he tried to bat his eyelashes at Steve, back when he had still been trying to get along with the man as Tony Stark? Oh, yeah, because Steve's disgust towards him had been blatantly clear very soon, never gotten there, and anyway at the time he hadn't realized...
Steve was almost – almost – crying, Tony could see the glints of salted water on the edges of his eyelids – and the question, in the end, wasn't one at all. The supersoldier still believed this could all happen. He still thought there was an “us” in this story.
He snorted slightly. Gave Kooning a long look, before looking back at the president.
But no. It didn't happen, and Tony couldn't imagine Steve doing that. Captain America, after all, was a good man, and would never do that.
“Give it your best shot.”
“The next time I see you, I'm not holding back.”
Then his arm – the one he couldn't feel, not that he could feel either of his arms, but considering that one was currently supporting him, it was a bigger deal right now – gave out, his sight did too, and there wasn't anything else left.
Okay, so he'd actually seen double – triple – more than a couple of times, in between concussions and his alcoholic history, but that didn't usually involve another him walking around – or in this case, being all shifty and looking very anxious while hovering over Tony.
The ones who stood up against Captain America's misguided righteousness came with him, with the addition of Wonder Man, while Clint, Captain Marvel 2.0, Crystal, Miguel, Wanda and Starfox stayed behind. He refused Deathcry's participation, though, because – and while he understood the sentiment, he could not condemn it, not here, not for this – she wasn't motivated by the need to protect innocents from the Supreme Intelligence's next schemes, but by her anger at having been used, at having let her hands and her people's be so bloodied.
But at least, if he died, it wouldn't be because he hadn't tried hard enough.
Steve wasn't sure what it was, but it sure was weird. Stark's creations – and the SHRA database was Stark's creation – didn't just fail like that. Okay, sometimes someone managed to crack the system open, but A_ it was never a good thing for anyone and this was a good thing for them, and B_ it usually took more time before they managed to do that.
Tony was sitting in the dark, in their bedroom, alone, carefully not touching the brand-new, hotroad red chestplate that was now allowing him to stay alive – the Prometheus armor had not been meant for that, and yet here they were, one victim brought to his death and another unable to be physically out of the armor.
Peter made a face, and looked back at the city. The tower gave them the opportunity to see all of Manhattan, something that hadn't been possible with the mansion – of course, a number of the Avengers, whatever the incarnation of the team, could fly, and those who couldn't did board the quinjet whenever the mission led them far away, so it wasn't like the view was uncommon, but still.
And, great, perfect, except Steve didn't remember any of that, and all the faith in Tony the other man had shown back there had, once again, been swept under a rug to be forgotten.
Considering that Steve obviously didn't care whether or not his actions were legal as long as he was doing “the right thing” – read, the one that only cared about the rights of superpowered people and not standard folks', the one that would either get them all killed or in a position of power above other people, because you couldn't trust non-powered gents to understand and therefore you couldn't let them in a position of power, because yes, Steve, that might not be what you had in mind but that was what it would lead to in the end – that sounded hypocritical as hell, especially as Steve didn't actually have any proof of what he accused “Tony Stark” of, no more than anyone on the outside had any proof that Captain America and his followers weren't just superpowered assholes who refused any kind of responsibility.
“Steve!”
“What do you mean, you don't do men?”
“You get all that?”
Steve must have made a face, because Peter took a quick look around and took his mask off – everyone knew what he looked like, true, but his looks weren't that particular that not letting people see him over and over again wouldn't let him get by anonymously enough. It worked for Steve, after all – even if women tended to look at him, they didn't make the connection with Captain America, with “Steve Rogers”.
What if he was wrong?
The question, now, was whether or not he'd hit one last time.
The exact thing Carol hadn't wanted to tell him, to the point of kicking him out of her place.
Except the look hadn't left his face, and when Tony had risked a glance at him and their eyes had met, Steve had looked away.
The best bet, Steve guessed, was to go and ask Pepper Potts. Miss Potts was definitely one of the most important people in Tony's life – from what Steve had gathered on the situation, they'd been pining after each other a long time before Steve even woke up from the ice, except Tony had had heart issues back then and his secret identity to deal with, and Pepper had eventually fallen in love with Tony's chauffeur, Happy Hogan.
Later, when he'd wake up for the second time, he'd wonder if maybe that had been the moment it had all gone pear-shaped, that weird feeling the first time he'd been shot at the courthouse.
The next words, though, spoken softly, were a surprise.
“I don't understand why you're doing this. You can tell him no. You can walk away. Come with me. I'll make it okay. We can make it all okay.”
Tony wondered if all these thoughts could be seen in the way he stood, right now, in front of the other Avengers.
He didn't point it out, because in the end, it was true that lives were more important. It was true, and yet it still had consequences, but that part Steve wouldn't want to talk about.
Steve shifted on the couch, probably trying to think up something to say, and settled on:
So Iron Man put his hand over his heart, forced a smile into his voice, and went with the joke.
No, what Steve was talking about was finding an acceptable solution for everyone, without compromising anyone's rights or principles.
Together.
But Steve wouldn't be here, no matter how Iron Man needed it, because Tony Stark did too and there was no way in hell that Steve Rogers would ever agree to work with Tony Stark.
So he dialed Steve's number.
There it was. The resistance.
What would Steve think, if he knew who Iron Man really was?
But Tony was more often the one giving Steve a chance than the other way around, wasn't he?
That he did.
But no, he was Iron Man right now, and one of the advantages of having a secret identity was that he didn't have to be Tony Stark all the time. He could put all of Tony Stark's doubts behind, when he was Iron Man, and that included Steve's opinion of his civilian identity.
There, his fault on that point.
Tony squinted, tilted his head – he didn't doubt T'Challa knew all that already, that he was well-aware of the differences in their respective situations, because he didn't doubt T'Challa's intellect and awareness of the world, as it was, but he was also done with letting people get away with accusing him of things and not admitting any of their own reasons to act as they did.
So he'd be the drunk no one cared about.
He could ask how much exactly Steve knew, and say that hadn't been what had happened, actually, because there was a difference between hacking and remote control, but how would Steve know, uh, since they hadn't talked about it, not after Steve's accusations of the day?
Tony laughed quietly, looking back at his friend.
“He's ordering you to break the law for him. He's made you into a criminal.”
Who knew, maybe if he said it often enough, Steve would finally start believing.
Maybe he just liked the thought of someone who knew, someone who understood, to a point, even if that someone had basically stolen his mind and made an illegal copy-paste of it.
No, Iron Man needed to get the moping mess out of his broodiness before even trying to talk about that, so.
Rhodey had been willing to go and tell Steve what exactly “trusting” the government would have resulted in, what they had done with Tony's work, how they had been all too happy to turn on America's heroes at the slightest difference of judgment, but Tony had told him not to, knowing all too well that, whatever Steve's reaction would be, it would turn into a problem more than anything else. Either he wouldn't believe it, because Steve only believed that the government could not be their ally when he was directly concerned – hence, Nomad and the Captain – and never believed that Tony Stark might have legitimate reasons to do what he did, or Steve would go and start a fight with the government – yes, another one, as if the one he was already in wasn't enough – when they really couldn't afford to lose any more diplomacy points on that front – yes, Tony recognized he had a hand in that problem, but the difference was that Steve had a choice here. Because Steve seemed to be entirely unable to consider that you didn't need to absolutely trust someone to work with them, and that it was perfectly understable for the government to want precautions against superpowered individuals, even if the way they had gone after Iron Man and Tony Stark was entirely out of line.
The truth was, he had already decided to do just that, the moment he had understood there wasn't a chance, and he didn't really know why he was offering something like that, when he knew how much it would hurt if Steve said yes.
Tony snorted, and leaned back against his cage.
Because he knew the truth, didn't he? Iron Man – Tony might be innocent of having murdered Kotznin, but he was guilty of having let it happen. Tony wasn't someone who'd take someone else's responsibility for himself, he had no difficulty recognizing what exactly hadn't been his fault, what hadn't been his intent. But unlike most people, he was also accutely aware of everything that was his fault, if only indirectly, if only by what he could have done, and hadn't. The intent wasn't his, the decision hadn't been his, the act itself, even, hadn't been his. But the means, the opportunity, these he had created.
Tony shrugged, uncomfortable with the question and equally unwilling to let it show.
She gave him a sad smile, but there really wasn't any sympathy behind it.
Anthony snorted, and turned back to the screens once again.
Steve of course couldn't see it with the faceplate – thanks God for the faceplate, at the same time, he didn't think it enough – but while Tony agreed to shut up – which he could easily have not done once the ringing finished – he wasn't any less defiant of Steve's self-righteousness for all that.
Iron Man was not guilty of murder, yes, but Tony Stark was guilty of negligence. And since Iron Man was Tony Stark...
Not that Steve would see it this way.
Which, by the way. He hoped Cap and the others were alright. They could handle themselves, and he had to find out what was going on here – God, Hank, and who knew who else was aboard that ship, who knew who wasn't who they were saying they were in his life?
“...that it's fair. That you should put your money where your mouth is. I won't tell anyone. I just... I want the truth. For me. After all these years.”
“I have others being diplomatic for me so that I don't have to.”
“I mean, it's not like it would be difficult to get to you later on, what with literally no one caring about 'Tony Stark' and how he's doing, but since you're here...”
To get Iron Man back.
Rogers took a step back, looking a bit awkward.
He'd still make her say it out loud, just to see if she'd have the guts to do that and still pretend this was all about righteousness and doing the right thing. Not that it wouldn't be painful to hear, but if being hurt was the price for realization, Tony would pay it a thousand times over.
He put his suitcase down, and did not miss the way Kooning's eyes followed it warily.
That she'd go to Rhodes for help, though, that was one thing he hadn't expected – Tony's last encounter with the man came to Anthony's mind, and he gritted his teeth as he remembered how much shit Bethany had given him over standing for his convictions when Rhodes had been taking an update of the War Machine armor for granted, no matter what he did, no matter whether or not Tony agreed with him on how he used the armor. Sure, Tony had given him the armor, and sure, he'd lied to him about his death – which, by the way, was barely a lie at all, considering the actual odds of him making it back – but that did not mean he owed him an armor upgrade no matter the circumstances. That did not mean Rhodes had the right to attack him at his own plant.
The look on her face told Tony that Sue had realized what she'd just said – some of it, at least. That she was ashamed, if not of anything else, at least of those last words.
“Identify the other skrulls, to begin with. The rest will have to wait.”
Not at all.
He'd already had this thought, hadn't he?
Emma wasn't done, though.
Misty Knight soon emerged from the late-evening crowd, looking him up and down, as if to reassure herself it was really him. Most people did that, these days.
Certainly not time to say anything more to Stark.
Steve tensed, looking ready to bolt, and his head snapped up to stare at Iron Man as if they were the only two components of this equation – which was so dangerously not the case.
So, continuing on with the dissociation, and the talks of imminent death:
Except he wasn't with the other Avengers, he was alone in what looked like a crude cell made of dirt and iron bars, there were mutates all around him in other cells, his armor had been deactivated – with what, he had no idea, it just laid in a heap outside the cell – and the blue and red woman was talking with... with...
They were barely back from the Blue Area, and Tony was making a deliberate effort not to point out that once again the Kree Supreme Intelligence was doing whatever pleased it, not bothering with the cost of lives, as long as it was entertained, and hadn't that been the very reason they had gotten into a spat on Hala – and yes, Tony might have been a bit callous back then, but he had also been dying, had just taken part in a galactic war, and apparently Kang had started fucking with his brain and emotional responses so it wasn't like he hadn't had reasons not to be quite as diplomatic as he might have been – because Steve had been alright with letting that thing live no matter what damage it would be free to continue causing? – but first, they had to talk about Carol.
Not enough not to fold his arms and look freaking judgmental.
This wasn't good. This phone call hadn't been supposed to be about Tony, and yet here he was, making everything about himself. No, he had to stop it, he had to redirect the conversation...
The man was the one who spoke first.
He would not be the one who hadn't tried hard enough.
“Here, sir, Spider-Man to your... Oh, Cap!”
Hell, he'd anticipated the point.
Someone would have told him if something had happened to Jarvis, right?
“Any time.”
Steve looked like he had lost his footing at the unexpected question, given how it glaringly involved him being put face to face with the fact that he, actually, had no right to comment on Iron Man's feelings, and that half the problem here was Steve's and not Tony's.
Too bad.
“No, I meant... Will you unmask too?”
It had never worked for Tony – unless Tony went clean-shaven, put on glasses, and / or dyied his hair blond. Steve could pass off as a Captain-America-like person, even while looking like himself, whereas Tony was always Tony Stark, unless he actively tried not to be.
Still.
“You know, if you want back in one of these days... There's always a place for you on the Avengers.”
Tony's eyes flickered one last time to the hallucination, that Hank didn't seem to see, which probably told him it was actually a hallucination, or at least not someone visible to anyone else than Tony.
As it was, he hadn't been proved wrong that often.
Steve probably didn't think that, maybe, Happy was Iron Man's friend. Or Tony Stark's, for the matter, because as everyone knew, Tony Stark didn't have friends, only people he used and cast aside afterwards, as evidenced by Peter's current presence within Steve's ranks..
This call wasn't about Iron Man, so, moot point.
The small laugh he gave then was more scared than he'd care to admit, but thanks to the armor's static voice he didn't have to admit to anything.
“I don't. Your point?”
As long as you were happy – which he wasn't, but that also wasn't the point – what did it matter if you didn't call yourself one thing or another? Or rather, if it mattered to you, good, but if it didn't, you had a right to be left alone.
Or maybe that was more telling about Tony's relationships, romantic and otherwise, than of what true love actually was. One way or another, depressing.
Stark was sitting there, in a chair at the far end of the hospital room – so, not that far away – and he looked...
The worse, in all that, was probably that Steve freaking lied to him then.
“We're good together, Steve, and I... I love you. But I'm not talking about the 'now', I'm talking about the 'then' that got us to this 'now', because that 'then' just doesn't make sense. The memories don't make sense, the decisions we took don't make sense, hell, even I, personally, don't make any sense, not even to myself. Think about it, Steve. How did we get here?”
His childhood home, the place where his friends were invited to come, all gone up in flames and smokes, once again, and he couldn't bear it, but still he'd have rebuilt, if only because the Avengers needed it, but this time he literally couldn't – he had to make sure SE stayed afloat, he had to rebuild his reputation, he didn't have the cash, so, basically, the one thing he did for the Avengers that really mattered, he couldn't do it anymore.
And yes, Tony hadn't given up his faceplate, but he'd also told the President, the current head of SHIELD, and the Secretary of Defense. Not that Steve had considered that, he was sure, because Tony / Iron Man being hypocritical made it sound so much better, even if for that you had not to take into consideration the fact that it simply couldn't work, wouldn't work in the current political situation, that the government would never have let him do damage control – not that Steve would see that, either – if he hadn't given them something in exchange.
But he guessed he could still try and at least push for some indulgence on Steve's side. Even if Steve didn't want to be Tony Stark's friend... Iron Man could defend himself as being a somewhat decent human being in intention at least, if not necessarily as a result. It just wouldn't do if Steve started having ideas that were wrong about who Tony Stark was, even if he didn't like him.
Speaking of which, he should start to look into doing more research on medical issues, starting with actually useful wheelchairs and robotic limbs – yes, he already had some people on it, and he had designed a few things, as Misty Knight could tell you, but there had to be a way to do more.
A skrull in the background made a face, and probably snorted, but Tony couldn't hear him from inside the cell, not even through the mic. Tony considered ignoring him, but he also knew how people reacted – and, as foreign as the skrulls were, they were still a form of people.
He also didn't like the fact that Tony was dead, point. But, old news.
“Tony... Why are you...”
He bit his lower lip, took a breath, plastered a smile on his face, and turned back to look at her.
For a moment, he wondered if Steve, confronted with a suicidal Red Skull, for example – which, of course, wasn't going to happen, but not the point – would say the same thing while handing him a gun to do away with him, or if Tony was just special like that.
Steve guessed death counted as personal circumstances.
If Steve was willing to listen, to cooperate, if he showed SHIELD and the rest of the world that he could play, then Tony would be able to wrestle out even more good points for the heroes, more quickly, more efficiently. He could...
Had he already thought about how glad he was not to remember any of this? He had enough memories of various painful injuries as it was.
What if it was about Iron Man?
It almost made him laugh, in a weird, slightly maniacal way, but Steve presumably couldn't hear it with the filters on.
Unless they were Tony, of course, who just wasn't here at all.
Maybe he shouldn't have.
What was he supposed to do, in front of that? What could he even say? It wasn't like Steve actually wanted to hear the answers to all his questions, not as they were – not if they included Iron Man being Tony Stark. And well, they all did. So.
The silence was horrible, Tony felt horrible, and whatever had actually happened would cause a horrible amount of problems to at least two people in this room.
And he didn't even know if anything was actually going to happen.
Tony's ghost didn't say anything at that, but that was mainly because Tony's ghost wasn't there.
And even if Tony couldn't stop imagining Steve ramming that brand new shield in the armor, as the Captain would stand in Iron Man's way, even if he knew that, no matter what, Steve wouldn't even listen – not that Tony could explain and be believed – even if he knew he was giving Steve something that would be used against him...
No ghost of Tony Stark, right.
It wouldn't work, though.
And no matter how much Tony tried – and he did, the strangled cry that escaped him was just another proof of how much he cared, even if now it only hurt, even if today it was only in the negative – Steve would never see that, would he?
Not that he wanted to deal with the ghost, but if he could deal only with the ghost instead of with both the ghost and the shifting timelines, well. He'd take it.
One of these days he'd have to call Captain America and the others to tell them that not only they'd lost Wanda and Vision and Clint and Scott, but he couldn't bankroll the Avengers anymore – and that was it, wasn't it, he couldn't, he didn't have the capacity, but who would understand that, really? They never did. They hadn't, when the official story for his behavior at the UN had hit the medias. They'd think he just didn't want the hassle, that he was tired of paying – ignoring the fact that if it had actually been the case, which it wasn't, it would still be his right not to, even if it would be selfish, even if it wouldn't be the right thing to do, that he didn't owe it to them to bankroll the Avengers.
The thing about having a ghost who talked your ear out in front of someone else was that you couldn't shut them up because A_ they were immaterial, and B_ people looked at you funny when you started talking back to someone who wasn't there.
If he had been able to tell Steve why he really needed the lesson without making it obvious that he was Iron Man, Steve wouldn't object, because then he'd know he was doing it for his friend – Steve would almost certainly ask to go with him, or even, he would want to do it himself, without Tony's help, for Iron Man, but it was Tony's problem. Tony's responsibility. And even without taking that into account, Tony needed to be there, to know what had happened, to make sure it would never happen again, and given how hostile Steve was to anything Tony-Stark related, he wasn't certain they'd be able to work together efficiently.
As a few other people in the crowd cheered the man who'd thrown the tomato, and started insulting Stark while they were at it, Steve noticed the man's sudden frown, and the way his eyes shifted to...
Let's not do it again.
Well. He'd have to plan around her. Then again, at least he knew where she was, and that she was here. He couldn't say as much for all the potential measures of surveillance he had to have set on him right now.
“Your boss talked Peter Parker into outing himself to the world, and yet you're still a mystery. Even to us. Even to me. It doesn't matter to me who you are, what you look like, what your name is.”
“Hi, Cap.”
That maybe, there was a reason why Iron Man worked for Tony Stark, besides the paycheck.
“Who do you think you are?!? The rights and privileges of Avengers membership do not come with the armor automatically! Unless you'd want to claim those back, because the original Iron Man isn't quite as dead as Stark would have us believe?”
For two brief weeks, and a vacation in Jamaica, Tony was almost content, as he and Jan started dating. Then it became more and more obvious that if it went on, he'd have to tell Jan who Iron Man was, because it was one thing not to tell his civilian dates, but it was another to keep it from a comrade in arms with whom he was in a relationship.
“I've learned a lot of things in my life, Falcon, and one of those is that you can prove people wrong all you want, it won't make them change their mind that often. Usually, they just get mad at you. The point is that everyone else gets to see it, not that they are proved wrong to themselves. You do it when it is necessary, when you need someone else's trust, when it's simply the normal, decent thing to do. But you don't do it for yourself, not with people who are close to you, because there it only ends up becoming worse than it ever was. Trying to make people see you when they've already made their minds, it's exhausting, rarely successful, and generally far from gratifying.”
Peter looked pensive for a moment, and eventually shook his head.
He could still remember one of their last meaningful conversations, and it made T'Challa's question sound just that much more manipulative.
Had Tony ever noticed how mean Steve could look whenever the subject shifted to himself – to Mr. Stark? He didn't think so, but now all he could see was the disgust seeping through all of Steve's self-righteousness, as he started telling him – again, always the same story, and that from a man who'd never even made the effort to try and get to know him. From someone who's only consideration in his judgment was what he thought and how exactly he could twist the facts to fit into his theory.
The marshal took a step, told him his trial had been rescheduled for the next week, supposing he didn't relapse, and added that they'd discuss his transfer later in the afternoon, before leaving too.
Captain America was a good man, who always tried to be fair. The fact that he didn't always succeed was another matter entirely, and in this case it was on Tony for not giving him all the data – with good reason, but it didn't change the fact that he was witholding his being Tony Stark – and for not being a better person in general.
Steve invited him in – how long would that last, he had to wonder.
Maybe this was it. Maybe this was the time Steve proved him wrong. Maybe this was what he'd waited for all along. Maybe this was the moment Captain America gave him – Iron Man, not Tony Stark, but at this point he'd take it – a chance.
They walked out of the cell, and just as they were going to board the vehicle of the marshals waiting for him – who, then, would get him to the courthouse – Steve caught sight of a glint of red in the corner of his eye.
Captain America frowned at Jan – the Wasp, right, Jan was the Wasp.
“Is he hurting you?!”
That was... a conversation for another time, he guessed.
Anyway. So he'd contacted fake-Fury and the Avengers – separately – proved his “innocence”, had to destroy his Argonauts – next time someone needed a rescue unit, Tony would just look at them and comment “what if someone turns it into a weapon of mass destruction?” as an excuse not to do anything, because fuck it – what was all and well if you forgot that the last one was trying to kill Steve because apparently his subconscious was just as aware of the fact that Steve mattered as his conscious was – yeah, that one was obvious.
Happy was standing on the balcony of Sal's house, trying to cheer him up – or, at least, telling him that yes, Tony had reasons for what he was doing, and those were not a complete blindness to the evils of administration and powerful people, nor a power grab of epic dimension. At this point, he was probably the only one who actually cared to support him to his face for the actual reasons he was doing things, unlike those who did it because it'd help them personally.
Tony wasn't sure which choice was the best, yet, but as suicide was more definitive than a bottle, he was holding onto that solution as long as he didn't know.
“To be fair you didn't say anything that wasn't actually true.”
Actually, Bethany didn't seem to like Iron Man, like, at all. She was one in a million, and shared that peculiarity with Pepper, back when the young woman hadn't known – if you didn't count the supervillains that Iron Man kept sending to jail, of course. Everyone else seemed to like Iron Man better than Tony Stark. He guessed that made another context in which Steve and Bethany shouldn't meet, if the two were to appreciate one another for their personalities.
Tony – who thought he was being weirdly detached from the fact that he'd just died before his own eyes if you asked him – took a tentative step towards Captain America – he really didn't know what to say to that, and right now it just wasn't the time.
Problems that Steve was unlikely to ignore.
Did it even really matter, when the end result was that Tony was dead in both realities, and Steve had something to do with both facts – would it be better if Tony had died and Steve had nothing to do with it?
He had to wonder, too, if somehow Howard hadn't been afraid that Tony would be too much like him, the man who had made a small fortune on his ideas of destruction alone, when faced with the memories of his father pushing him out of the country of the mind, of directing him unsuccessfully towards a more material way of living. Only a businessman, not an inventor of death.
Still, Tony's designs were out there, and bad people were using them to do uncautionable things. He had to do something about it.
But sometimes, you had to go with what was possible rather than what would be perfect.
He didn't say, in the end, that he was really trying again mostly because he had no right not to help, not to try his best to make the world a better place, not to bleed himself dry for the future – because that was what it would end up being, wasn't it? At some point, some day, he'd have to give more than he could, because how could he not, how could he put himself as an absolute first? He'd have to give more than he had, and somehow he would, because he didn't have the right not to do it, because no one else would be willing.
“Agent Vera Lockhart, Sir.”
He could say that maybe he'd rather be shot down than have that happen ever again, not that it'd get there because accountability meant they might get a chance to act on it before it went too far, and not that Steve would ever get it because he had never been used like that.
“Brainwashing, right? Mind control?”
“More like, we're better off trusting superheroes than the ones they'd have put in charge.”
Tony froze. Not as literally as Steve had during all those decades, but near enough.
Maybe he had been wrong not to tell Rhodey, on an interpersonal level. But at the same time he had also been right on a practical level, and no matter what Tony had told his friend practicality would always trump feelings, if only because you couldn't have feelings once you were dead.
Steve wasn't the only one concerned, though.
He felt Extremis starting to work around the bits of glass in his hand – he'd have to take them out for it to heal correctly.
“The operation? And I'm not saying I believe you, or that I trust you, just to be clear.”
Steve had called him two days later, and hadn't that been a surprise?
Never able to leave things well alone, but just as unable to actually see them through.
Now that he took a better look at the place, it wasn't so rundown, in fact. Maybe it had been the boarded-up windows, or maybe it was just the bedroom. And...
He'd tell them himself, though, because if they were going to resent someone, at least that way it wouldn't be Iron Man. If he one day managed to get back in the game...
Condition One: turning on Tony Stark and forcing him to face responsibility for his actions instead of letting him pin everything on “Randall Pierce”.
Tony was tired of trying.
“He didn't take any bullet for anyone, Miss Potts. He seld out. He decided not taking any bullet himself was more important than standing for what was right. That's why I didn't support him. Not because he wasn't my friend, but because friendship isn't meant to endorse things you don't believe in.”
What?
“You told me you were pushed against a door, Tony. Not that you walked into it. So excuse me if I don't believe you. Now, tell me the truth: were you pressured into sabotaging my assets and otherwise bankrupting me?”
Steve obviously wasn't willing to listen, and if Tony had to knock him out, so be it. Steve would probably try the same thing, if Tony let him, as soon as the conversation ended and he realized there was absolutely. Nothing. He. Could. Do. About. Tony's. Decision.
Oh wait, he had. He'd just forgotten about it as he'd been worrying over the facts that, 1) Steve hadn't been waking up, and 2) Rumiko was still ignoring his calls. And, basically everything else, because of course someone had to look after SE and make sure no supervillains had the brilliant idea to attack whatever factory they wanted while Iron Man was worried about his teammate and Tony Stark was handling the disaster that had been the Red Zone alongside Fury, T'Challa and a few others.
Talking to him now wouldn't work. If the others hadn't wanted to listen to Tony – except Reed, but Reed was special, Reed looked at the consequences before anything else, just like Tony did, even if in different ways, they both took in account the possible results, and this time those would be terrible – there was no possibility that Captain America of all people would listen, at least not before he came to understand that the consequences were already here, and that this time there would be no sweeping them back under the rug.
“I see. Thank you for your time, deputy director.”
Naturally this made Tony tense inside the armor, and he found it sad that history had taught him not to like it when Captain America thanked Iron Man – mostly because it generally followed things happening that he really didn't want to talk about. Or Steve somehow managed to display his contempt for Tony Stark right after that without meaning to, but it wasn't like Steve knew, so Tony wasn't going to hold it against him – much.
Other option, he'd done it knowingly, and ultimately the one who'd made that decision – be it Cloak himself, T'Challa, Steve, or anyone else on that side – now held the position of the villain who brought the fight to civilians because they didn't care about the consequences except for themselves.
“Right, Tony? You hire people to do that for you!”
The skrull took his hand – Tony's hand, and how weird was that? – off Tony's mouth, a pleading look on his face – was that what he looked like, hidden behind the faceplate, when he tried to get Steve to understand something but the man just wouldn't listen?
Not like the electron scrambler, or Vision's grip, but just as unpleasant. Still aware, though.
They'd probably call the Argonaut program an arrogant attempt at controlling the world, but in the meantime they wouldn't complain about the rescue units saving people when no one else would be there to do it themselves.
He had no idea how they had followed him to Kang's Chronopolis, but wasn't particularly surprised: heroes were nothing if not resourceful, and Jan didn't seem to have bought his excuse when he'd taken over right after Tony had failed to explain to her why her fortune was in jeopardy.
He wasn't particularly surprised when Emma and the X-Men in general – you know, that team which didn't exist anymore? – refused to join his side, but he had needed to confirm what he already knew, and more than that, he had needed to hear her declaration of non-interference. He could deal with people doing their own thing discreetly – as long as it wasn't made public, because then he'd have no choice but to react – as long as there was no open confrontation with SHRA, no statement of resistance.
Of course it did matter who was Iron Man. Tony had trusted very few people with the armor – Happy, occasionally, but not as a fighter, only for the two of them to appear at the same time, because Happy didn't have the training; Eddie March, but that hadn't lasted as the man had a medical condition that made it even more dangerous for him to go out there and fight as it had been for Tony to do it at the time; and Rhodey, who wasn't really at ease with being “Iron Man”, though Tony was toying with the idea of giving him an equivalent suit of armor with another name.
Tony didn't want to argue back – not yet, not right now – no matter how many issues he could find in Steve's reasoning. He was too tired, too uncomfortable, and too distressed right now to continue.
They were in a big room that was barely lit with a greenish ligth, and Tony caught sight of dozens of sleeping pods with – with people in them, as in, humans, not Skrulls, because why would they be sleeping in humanoid form if they were skrulls? Tony froze as they walked by – was that Hank? Oh God, it was Hank, and what the hell was happening – he really didn't want to consider what his brain was already trying to piece together, especially as they had measures against skrull-impersonation and if no one had noticed then it meant...
Tony would probably be sneering, if the voice filters weren't on and hiding that sound even from him.
Right, gunshot. No actual hospital. Though someone had tended to his wound professionally – which he could say because he had an extensive experience of being wounded, despite, or maybe in correlation with his accelerated healing.
What a consolation.
“Everyone but you.”
“...entirely unable to trust superheroes to do their job?”
“Your identity is in the database.”
“So, I can't help but notice one of us is luckier than the rest of us.”
No mind control. No grey area like the Hulk.
...What?
He snorted, choosing to rather focus on the fact that Tony could very well tell himself what to do without encouring any retaliation from the boss.
Or Steve's instinctual dislike and mistrust of Tony Stark.
Of course, now, who had to deal with Steve's unwillingness to even pretend, to even consider anything, to have the smallest amount of diplomacy involved? Hint: it wouldn't be Steve.
Yeah, good idea. Then Steve could start hating Iron Man for having “forced” him to betray himself, his beliefs, and his ideals. Still, a price Tony could pay, if that was what it took. He could, after all, cook something up, and get Steve in a position as high as his own as far as SHRA was concerned. Not that difficult, if Captain America got his head out of his ass and agreed to it – Kooning and the President would love the PR.
A screen in the top right corner of the control wall – the one that showed his most recent history – caught Anthony's attention, and he raised his eyebrows. High.
He had no idea, no freaking idea how he could counter that. How could he counter something he wasn't even aware of? For all he knew, he'd been behaving exactly like usual during the time he was missing, just like with Kang, up until the moment he'd start killing people, so there was no point working on a program to lock him out if his behavior changed – not like with the drinking, at least. And locking him out of “killing people” was good and all in theory, but really dangerous in practice as it would mean denying himself the capacity to act as a last resort, which could be useful when you didn't have the time to work out a better solution and someone else's life was in danger anyway – and also because not every people out there required the same amount of strength to be killed, or even simply incapacited, and he couldn't exactly rely on files to tell his system who he ought to attack with repulsor rays and who should just be knocked out, that would be the equivalent of using drone-like Iron Men instead of an actual pilot, which was a complicated suggestion in general.
Just... Reasons. An explanation. Something, at least, that would show Steve how stubborn and hypocritical he could be.
He had things to do. Steve also had things to do. Those things were not likely to have them go the same way. In fact, they were very likely to put them on diverging paths, no, worse than that, to stitch their respective paths together as – he didn't want to think enemies, but what else could it really be called? – enemies.
But on the subject at hand...
He put the botte back.
What gave Steve that idea?
“But I went to see Hill yesterday. She brought up Registration, and I swear to God, Shellhead, she was about to have me shot when I said no. I had to jump out of the damn helicarrier to get away.”
Obviously.
Red and gold.
Good.
“...How it's going, Spider-Man?”
But the ghost wasn't here, so he could ignore it.
After all, Captain America was a good man, and while Tony didn't consider himself a paragon of virtue he wasn't that bad either – and nothing in what he'd found about his “lost” years made him out to be an absolute bastard, even if he hadn't always been perfect. If Captain America himself didn't give him a chance, who would?
There was a moment of staring, of Steve just not knowing what to say as his perfect – belittling – theory turned into dust – unless Iron Man was lying, right, maybe he was thinking that too, after all it wouldn't be a huge leap to take after all the other assumptions.
Right. Which was why he had almost no friends left, why a would-be-terrorist had almost blown him up the other week, why he was getting blamed for everything, why one of his remaining friends was comatose, why his only other friend had just asked him to kill Happy in his sleep, why Sue was here laying her problems with Reed on him as if Reed was completely unable to think by himself, which about took the cake.
He didn't have an answer to that, but it didn't mean SHRA was right for all that.
A bit about the fighting, too, but that had boiled down to her being angry at his pig-headed ways, not necessarily against what he'd stood for.
“...wait, scratch that, apparently the feelings are mutual, great, why don't we just hook you two up? I mean, apart from the fact that you're having a very public affair with Rumiko Fujikawa and Steve hates your guts, wait, where was I already? Ah, yes. Exactly there. I don't get you. Steve loves you but he doesn't know it's you he loves so you just let him talk shit about you instead of, what, proving him wrong? Proving him you aren't an opportunistic dilettante who thinks he's always right and has a right to control the world without ever sacrificing anything?”
Suddenly feeling overly tired – as if he had, say, not slept in forty-three hours and a half, juggling between his duties as an Avenger, a battle against some random villains he could barely remember right now, his work on the armor, and an important meeting for SI – Tony leaned onto the doorframe, needing the literal support before finally giving it a go.
Steve's voice, indeed, sounding tense, but also slightly relieved that he'd picked up.
Besides, Steve was a much better person than Tony, even if he wasn't perfect, so when it came to who deserved to live...
“It took me some time to get it, 'Stark', but the moment I understood you'd gone biologic, I thought something was wrong. There was no way V'ra would do that, not while borrowing someone else's form, not on human technology. So, the answer was obvious; I have no idea why or how, but you're not V'ra.”
A quiet snort, and the memories of T'Challa accusing him of thinking less of the one he called a friend than of himself, of doubting T'Challa's intellect, of having a superiority complex a mile wide – just after Tony had followed his blind lead on a mission that T'Challa had deemed too dangerous to explain out loud, which, fair, there had been a brainwashed / future-and-out-of-his-time version of Tony running around for the bad guys, but still, Tony, while he had second-guessed T'Challa's decisions, had still trusted him enough to play along, and had been appropriately uneasy faced with the knowledge that not only his so-called friend had cooked up a way to stop his artificial heart, but had also done it on the other Tony. That, and the fact that if T'Challa had come up with such ways to deal with the armor – just like Tony had thought up ways to deal with the Black Panther, because that was what people like them did, they thought, and they couldn't stop themselves – others probably had too, and it was really luck that T'Challa had been the first one to use those – not that it was surprising, Tony was good, but so were other people, and it only took that one guy that one time to think about the wrong thing that Tony did not think about for...
Steve sighed, looked like he bore the weight of the world on his shoulders.
Then again, maybe it was for the best that Steve didn't remember. Tony could review all – and he meant, all, the whole three sets – his memories of Steve, but all he found there was the fact that Steve was utterly convinced Tony Stark was the asshole, and wasn't worth being fought for, wasn't worth not being given up on. He'd made a promise as he hadn't realized any of this, and everything seemed to point to the conclusion that even if he did remember that promise one day, he wouldn't want to keep it – he'd see his mistake and would take it back.
Later, maybe.
The point was, Iron Man was an Avenger, and Tony Stark wasn't.
Tony's smile widened – rather, he widened it on purpose, because there was nothing to laugh at here – and he passed a hand through his hair. His heart was hurting him, and he was way too aware of it at this point, but as said earlier, he was used to it.
“Don't you know, Namor? I help the only way I can. With my money.”
If only Steve could listen to the words.
The door opened, and Steve stopped in the doorframe – Tony had no difficulty imagining him with his eyes fixed on a glint, somewhere on the chestplate, of metallic red, on Tony's unmoving form, as he wondered about what was happening and why there were no lights in their penthouse.
Tony leaned back a little, fell onto the mastress – he couldn't see Steve from down there, and maybe that was for the best.
Mostly he didn't speak about the fact that, more than his life being worth saving, it was the truth that if he had been taking care of himself, if he hadn't let alcohol and desperation get at him, he might have saved Gretl too. He might have been able to get the baby to a hospital sooner.
“Assuming, of course, that said principle is benevolent and not divided in several sub-principles that would be the ones to contradict themselves, leaving the abstract first principle entirely devoid of sense but otherwise safe. Example: do not lie, and protect life at all cost. Someone tells you they want to murder one of your friends and ask you where they are. Do you lie, or do you protect your friend? Better, you've seen said friend beforehand, and swore to them that you'd protect them. Same situation again. Do you lie to the newcomer, or do you make your promise to your friend into a lie instead? Do you lie, or do you lie?”
Steve didn't seem to buy the tennis excuse, though – not that Tony was really trying to justify himself, at that point. That was not a thing he felt like he had to justify.
Glaring at the newspapers wouldn't change the facts, though. Glaring at Bucky wouldn't, either. It was too late for that. Mistakes had been made, and...
Maybe even Extremis and nothing.
It wouldn't be the first time.
He didn't wait for an answer – after all, he was never granted to be listened to, when he was the one being accused, so why should he let anyone have the opportunity to defend themselves right away when it was their turn? T'Challa could take some time thinking about it, just like Tony had, before immediately getting on the defensive.
Except.
He probably wasn't.
Misty snorted, and seemingly decided not to look at him as she continued on.
A compromise.
Maybe there was nothing to tell. Maybe Stark was there, and...
Indries hadn't yet replaced Pepper nor Steve, so no, not in love.
Probably not.
Perhaps he could pretend he was Iron Man right now. The grin on his lips seemed to think so, if anything.
“Uh... Hello?”
“What do you intend to do, exactly?”
So of course he did just that.
Only Pepper and Happy knew that both men were only one, for now, and they had decided to leave SI – to leave him behind, because wasn't that how it always went, when people discovered that Tony wasn't actually an irresponsible asshole who didn't care about other people? – so that they wouldn't be hurt by that knowledge – read, because of him. Well, them, and Tony's former fiancée, Joanna Nivena – Joanna Finch, now, and wasn't that glorious too? And Whitney Frost, who was a villain most of the time, even if she did keep Tony's secret to herself. Probably Don Blake, too, but Tony and him were pretending they had no idea that they were each other's comrade amongst the Avengers, and he wasn't going to make it official any time soon.
Tony also learned that Steve wasn't, in fact, perfect, that he could make mistakes and be goddamned stubborn, even more so when he was wrong, but it was some sort of abstract knowledge, that he knew to take into account whenever he assessed a situation, but that he didn't really believe, deep inside. Which explained why he couldn't let go – he could pretend, but denial never made anything real – of the fact that Steve Rogers and Iron Man were friends, and not Steve Rogers and Tony Stark, because Tony Stark was obviously not good enough.
So, what was it? Steve wouldn't help Iron Man take care of his stolen technology, and Tony wasn't foolish enough to ask, he had to know that. Steve probably woudn't help Tony either if “Iron Man” had decided it was enough and it was time to take down his misguided boss, because Steve would definitely be helping “Iron Man” in that case.
Luke snorted, and bit into his pizza.
Steve, of course, had a discourse about not being judge, jury, and executioner on the matter. In the face of genocide, the hero of WWII would not even consider making sure this would not happen again. He hadn't been that righteous when they had told him about how the original Human Torch had killed Hitler – self-defense, sure. And Hitler, despite every horror he had done and ordered, was just a man, a baseline human, whom humans guards could have restrained and put away forever – maybe even a death penalty, who knew – if he hadn't died. The Supreme Intelligence wasn't something the Avengers could hope to contain with certitude.
T'Challa, as a matter of fact, did not reciprocate the gesture, and still had his cowl on. A telling fact, considering his identity was more than public, and he had no reason to wear his battle suit right now, if not for the possibility that Steve and Tony could have let it come to blows – or that T'Challa didn't trust them, or, really, Tony, all that much.
“Come on, we have a trial waiting for me to begin.”
The new Secretary of Defense was probably waiting for him to deny it all. After all, Tony Stark was an egocentric megalomaniac and a pathological liar, wasn't he?
But here, destruction was not necessary. Unlike on Hala, the only one in danger was himself.
It was obvious how much Steve didn't believe one word of what he had just said, or at least, how jealous and disgusted he was that he wasn't the one who got Iron Man's unwavering loyalty – never thinking, of course, that such loyalty, such accord between Tony and Iron Man's ideals could only come from one thing.
He needed to make sure this didn't happen again.
For now.
He arrived in front of the living room's half-open door just in time to hear Cap, inside the room, telling the rest of the team that Iron Man was off the team for the duration of the inquiry, for obvious reasons.
Cheers.
It was the Carnelian ambassador all over again, wasn't it? No matter how good the security he made, someone always ended up finding a loop-hole – and if it wasn't the armor itself being hijacked, well, why not go directly for the man behing it now? He was going to have to look into some tech to block mental control, or, if what Jan had reminded him of under her breath was right – in other words, if the crazier Tony Stark from back then was to be believed – into not ever letting any of his life-support tech fall into the hands of a time-travelling villain who probably had access to future reports onto said tech. Not that he shouldn't try and make sure to be immune to mind control anyway.
Steve probably wouldn't take it, but if he just gave him a chance to explain... Maybe they could orchestrate things, Iron Man on one side, pushing for SHRA to be somewhat acceptable, Steve and all those who didn't want it on the other side, protesting peacefully, legally, reasonably with the public and the political power, to take away even more problems even if they couldn't make SHRA disappear. Captain America's word, his refusal, but also his peaceful approach would go a long way to that, and he wasn't the only one who didn't condone the act.
He couldn't help the small smile as he finished their conversation.
They got back to the other Avengers, the ones who wouldn't get their hands dirty – and why would they, when others were clearly willing to do it in their stead, when they got to be righteous and not worry about the consequences of not having acted, since someone else had done it for them?
Jan didn't answer right away, first looking... something in between dubious and enraged.
There she looked at him. He really didn't like the gut feeling he was getting.
“You've been busy, lately, Stark, what with all those press conferences and talk shows about SHRA.”
The least Tony Stark could do was to respect Steve Rogers and greet him in person.
One thing Tony could say for himself was that he had never been afraid of Captain America, or of Steve Rogers for the matter. Clint often said Iron Man had the survival instincts of a lemming, which might be why he didn't react the way others did to Steve's judgmental assholishness – which was often deserved, but not always. Point was, whenever Steve tried to freaking judge him, Tony didn't back down. Maybe he apologized, sometimes he acknowledged that he had been wrong, but he did not shrink back.
The ghost got up from the seat he was not-occupying, an unpleasant sneer on his perfect face, and went to stand right before Steve's nose – Steve noticed the twitch the marshal gave, and guessed he'd instinctively straightened up in defiance.
“Not really. I...”
Tony wasn't here, because Tony was dead. And it was worse than back in the other timeline – or was it? – because Tony had been killed in retaliation to Steve's shooting. The Winter Soldier had been formally identified as the shooter, and – no mask, so no doubt, unless, of course, it was a rather elaborate disguise, which was always possible, but the thing was, Steve had no difficulty believing it, if Bucky had thought Tony was to blame, because Bucky had lived through some things, and still wasn't past it yet, because Steve had wondered himself if Tony had ordered the shooting, because... – and what?
“Perhaps, perhaps not. But in the end, it doesn't change the fact that what you stood for was the absence of a system, regardless of the consequences. On the basis that 'superheroes can be trusted'.”
Captain America hit again. Both hands on the shield for that strike.
Listen to him, barely in this time for twelve minutes or so, and already lying to Captain America – then again, he was going to have to lie to a lot of people now, even more so than his older self probably did, because not only was he hiding that he was Iron Man, but he'd have to hide that he wasn't the old Tony Stark either, so really he was only taking a headstart at that point.
Because if he didn't, and something happened, it would be on him. At least, this way, he'd have tried.
Or not. But in that case, Tony wouldn't be here to live with it, and he couldn't quite bring himself to care for the consequences that he wouldn't have to face anyway if it came to that.
“Listen... I'm not going to threaten you or send lawyers after you if you talk, but before you do that, before you look Steve in the eyes and tell him that Iron Man really is Tony Stark, I want you to take into account the worst case scenario. The possibility that Steve won't take it well, at all. And the small consequences that could lead up to bigger, nastier ones. Sure, he tells me to get out and leave the Avengers, maybe I've deserved it, and it's not like I'm the only one who can help save the world here. Or maybe he doesn't get rid of me, maybe he swallows it up, but refuse to ever trust Iron Man again, and then we all realize I'm out anyway because I'm useless if the team leader doesn't trust me. And yeah, all that, we don't care, it's on me, it's not endangering the world. But one day something happens, Ultimo wakes up, I don't know, and I go alone against him because I'm not part of the team anymore and anyway I do that all the time. Except for once it ends badly, maybe I missed something or the Mandarin joined forces with Ultimo for some reason or I'm particularly banged up from my last fight already, who cares? Thing is, I die, and the Avengers step in. Everything goes smoothly from there, no problem, the day is saved. Flashfoward to one year later, my cousin Morgan somehow managed to wriggle his way back in my company and decides to sell the Hellicarrier's plans to, uh, invading skrulls. SHIELD is taken out, Fury is locked up inside his own Hellicarrier, and shit, the one man who knew the plans like he'd made them himself, that's me, by the way, is dead. I can go on a long time and on many different littles consequences, the point is, maybe the Avengers save the day again, maybe other heroes do, but in the meanwhile someone dies or lose their jobs because I wasn't there to do this or know that. Or maybe it doesn't change anything at all, how would you know, but the thing is, you can't know that and maybe me being there, alive, Iron Man being still trusted to be a hero and not just Tony Stark in a suit of armor, maybe it will make a difference. Consider that, Falcon, and if you decide the risk is worth it, tell Steve. If you're not sure you want to know how it could go at the worst, however...”
The president frowned, and tilted his head.
“Okay, so. Long story short, there's a secret invasion going on, Princess Veranke has been replacing people from Earth with sleeper agents, sleeper agents who think the thoughts of the people they're replacing, and who are shielded from direct scans. And, obviously, you're a number one prize, I mean, most people don't even realize all the things you do in your life, so becoming you without anyone noticing? Easy. You're a superhero, you have connections, influence. Perfect subject, really. So when you guys stumbled onto the operation in the Savage Land, well, it was a perfect opportunity.”
Iron Man wouldn't force anyone to come and turn off the Supreme Intelligence with them. If they couldn't... That was their right, individually, not to do it. But someone had to, and he couldn't allow those who would to hesitate.
It did. It meant a lot.
So Tony didn't do it, and instead just blinked while bitting his lips.
He thought about all the things he could tell Steve, how he could explain what happened with what had been christened his “Armors War” by the press, how much he could say without revealing that he was Iron Man, how much he could tell if he confessed, how he'd made a deal with SHIELD for a new batch of Guardsmen armors – more powerful, but also more secure – for a modest price – not even enough to cover the production cost – since it was “Iron Man”, a SE employee, who had destroyed the ones sold by Stane with Tony's negator, that he was paying for Stiltman's medical fees, that he had promised Stingray a life-long discount on anything SE – which, even though he was primarily a tech mogul, was actually a lot more diverse than you'd think – and that while he didn't like how the latest Titanium Man had died because of him he couldn't exactly regret it considering the guy wasn't an angel. How he had offered his help to take care of the escaped prisoners.
Which was – okay, Steve didn't have access to his internal monologues, but he had to know that people didn't actually follow Iron Man like they did Captain America, right? – ridiculous, and he did want to know what gave Steve that idea. Like, it couldn't be because Cap believed in him like that, because it was obvious that he didn't, or else they wouldn't be here – and Cap was the one who cared the most about Iron Man, so. Why the hell would anyone else follow him just because they thought he was right?
Tony could understand fighting for your rights, but he drew the line at willingly endangering innocent people who had no means to defend themselves – when a supervillain started shit in the middle of a street, that was his fault, not the heroes', but here? Cloak had chosen the destination. And maybe he hadn't thought about it, maybe he hadn't realized what he was doing, but well, that was the exact problem of what had happened at Stamford with Nitro and the New Warriors, wasn't it?
It wasn't only about limiting the collateral damage, but also about providing some safety to those hotheads who would get there anyway. It made him think of Clint, who, when he'd first decided to do some heroing, had been mistaken for the very criminal he'd stopped and as a consequence had almost been lost to the dark side – also called Natasha Romanoff.
“Is...”
Then...
Tony's face twisted, and he tasted sourness in his mouth, as he recalled a day he had tried to make sure that Steve did know what he was surrendering by getting rid of his secret identity – turned out, Steve hadn't.
Tony opened a connection to the database through Extremis, a log, and contemplated adding his identity just to tell Steve that yes, he was in it, and then wait for Steve to go and look, despite Iron Man's express refusal.
As predicted. Damned if he didn't.
Or, close enough. Now Hill, Kooning, and the President of the United States knew too. Which meant they could aim the weapons they would need to take him down if it came to that – weapons he was going to give to them, too, or at least some of them, just like Rhodey had others in the War Machine armor, just in case.
The blue and red woman left after one of the agents who weren't skrulls nodded, and soon after that two of them – including the skrull – headed to Tony's cell.
Tony heard Jarvis take a step towards him, but the older man stopped before he could – do what, exactly? What was there to be done, at this point?
Tony, himself, did all this for several reasons: because someone needed to, because why would it be someone else to have to sacrifice their comfort when he had the means, because he did help occasionally, because not doing it when he could was as much a decision as doing something when you didn't have to. Because he couldn't live with himself if he stayed on the bench when he did have the means. Because his own life wasn't worth more than any other life, and if he privileged it even over others – plural – then he'd be putting a price on their heads and on his own, he'd be saying that his right to live was higher than the right to live of numerous people.
He held out a hand for them to shake, knowing full well how unlikely it would be that Captain America would ever need to act on that last chance. Unless anything big enough happened in the little time he had left, they could both act as if nothing had ever happened, as if Steve didn't hate him with all his soul, and they wouldn't actually need to show it.
“Captain Rogers, first of all, I'd like to inform you you were unconscious for thirteen days.”
Steve Rogers was viscerally incapable of trusting Tony Stark not to be an absolute piece of shit.
Not to say Steve thought Tony was the one behind this all, but maybe...
Then he couldn't – sense of touch: gone.
“Maybe you should ask your friends that question.”
Fury's jaw did a thing, and Steve could say he was stopping himself from saying something, but that really wasn't what mattered here.
There, Yinsen with his hands inside Tony's open chest, blood everywhere, and his heart visible as the man tried to save his life. Good thing he'd been inconscious for that one.
The repulsor ray to the head was still an option.
He was aware he'd sighed, but it wasn't like this wasn't a particularly difficult conundrum. To tell or not to tell, but to fail either way.
There were hundreds of reasons, hundreds of justifications for every possible action in the world, and in the end, while they still held true to a point, no matter what you wanted to say about them, the ones you chose still held a bigger meaning than the ones you dismissed – supposing, of course, that you weren't a complete hypocrite.
“Think about it, Steve. Nothing makes sense here, no matter how much I try to think about it, to remember why we're here together, I come up blank, and sure, I know what happened, but I don't know why it happened or how it would make sense for it to happen. So, obviously you care because you're a caring person, Steve, but... Why do you care about me in particular?”
“I have to know, Stark. With the situation as it is, with you being the most likely candidate to head Registration, I have to ask you.”
Tony made sure the message had disappeared, and got Peter not to talk about it to any of the others.
Steve nodded, stiffly, and Miss Potts took a deep, calming breath.
But as he made his way out of the mansion he almost bumped into a tall, blond, muscular man – Steve Rogers.
It wasn't about the money, because Tony had enough money to last him several lifetimes – something, again, that didn't make sense, and Pepper's words from the other night came back to him once more, “I've seen you go from the nicest guy in the world into... into I don't even know what you are now”, and the fact this didn't have an answer was yet another thing that made no sense. Or, he guessed, it wasn't about the money per se. He needed the money to keep him afloat as he'd work on the armor – Steve was bound to object to Tony's endangerment of his already-weak heart, but Steve had also been a medically unfit bundle of righteousness before the serum and that hadn't stopped him from doing whatever the hell he thought right so he had no right to complain – and, more than that, if the company flanked because people got scared or if someone took the opportunity to openly attack him, the employees would be the ones to suffer.
“Back on Throneworld, you said that sometimes you have to ask yourself which principle you'd rather fail in order to uphold another, and, well. We've lost Throneworld. All in all, our goal for coming to Earth, this time at least, isn't bad, but. No one considered simply asking for asylum. They just decided the planet was ours, and we were going to 'educate' humans, never mind that in order to do that we have to sacrifice some humans, and the superheroes in particular, nevermind that they only considered the option of putting ourselves as your masters, not as equals. So, when faced with the dilemma 'do we sacrifice our supremacy or other people?', I know where I stand. Even if... Even if that makes me traitress.”
Tony knocked on the door, and only one question ran in his mind.
Yet, after some time, everyone acknowledged that nothing had actually changed, that he was, in fact, himself. Even Steve did.
Wait, what?
Iron Man wasn't there, though. He couldn't be.
He went through the words without really hoping for anything, because as it was, everything had already gone too far, of course it had, but the thing was, it could still get worse. Stopping it here would prevent that – even if it would never be enough.
Then Namor involved himself and Atlantis, and knowing the guy, it wasn't out of the goodness of his heart. But nevermind, shady associations were only shady when it wasn't Captain America who made them.
Not that Tony wasn't aware he wasn't perfect, that was, that he had never been Captain-America perfect, because he did know who he was, thank you very much – meaning, an industrialist, a weapon manufacturer, one of the top one percent and all that, and yes he had many flaws, and especially if you took out Iron Man's deeds he wasn't worth that much as a person, but he still hoped he did count as a normal, decent human being. As an industrialist, he tried to guarantee a fair salary to all his employees, and he tried to follow the ethics of the job as much as possible. And it wasn't like America would just stop manufacturing or needing weapons if he walked out of that particular business, so at least he was trying to provide with reliable weapons and army protections. And yes, he enjoyed his privileged life when he had the time, but it wasn't like he was doing it by oppressing others. He was decent enough, or at least he tried to be. Even if he wasn't perfect.
“Okay, okay... First question first, it's completely stupid, but don't you feel... weird, being in a male body?”
Why was Captain America looking at him like that, as if he just knew Tony wasn't trustworthy, as if...?
“...I've listened to you, now listen to me. This... cancer, eating away at the soul of your country, has no place in Wakanda.”
That sounded like something Steve would think, alright.
There was a piece of the faceplate in his mouth, he realized, digging into his gum – Extremis was pushing it out, reconstructing the wound slowly, and that was the reason he knew, now. That was where the blood was coming from.
He noticed Steve's face, and wasn't surprised to see his lips pinched. Anything Tony Stark did was bad in Steve's book, and never mind that the contrary of what he did would be bad too, if Tony was the one doing it.
But, obviously, heroes could police themselves.
Eyes to eyes, Iron Man and Captain America, for the first time – not Steve Rogers and Tony Stark, not Captain America and Tony Stark, no, Iron Man and Captain America, eyes to eyes, for the first time. No faceplates, no eyeslits, no glass between their gazes.
Steve made a face – again – but this time it wasn't quite as unpleasant as the fake smiles. It was more... uncertain. Maybe a bit happy.
He'd show them all what it really meant to be a hero – yes, even you, Stark – he'd do the right thing even towards the ones who wanted him jailed.
Steve had the feeling he was going to be shown the door.
Because you deserved something never meant anyone owed it to you. It was true of trust, and it was true of weapons of mass destruction.
Tony gritted his teeth, and did not move.
He had wanted to believe, perhaps, that Steve's rebuke had been, at least, heightened by the special circumstances of the day – read, Zemo not being dead and all that – and that Iron Man would get the cold shoulder treatment too. Probably not as much as Tony Stark, of course, but still.
This, despite everything else, wasn't a difficult conclusion to reach.
“Shellhead! I didn't know you were around tonight!”
He tried to look back at Steve. Failed. Ended up looking somewhere next to Steve's left ear.
Tony took a breath, and – now, after everything, Steve had to be able to understand, to see where this was going, if only Iron Man could show him.
“I'm going to try, you understand, but the odds that anything can in fact be done are ridiculously low. That's all there is to it. Add that to the fact that I have to be very careful with the public knowledge of my medical condition, I can't just go and start demanding for a miracle.”
Eventually she took a step around his desk, and put delicate fingers on his – visible, because there were others, but she didn't need to know that – injury.
“Why not. I guess you're trying to catch up with... everything. Might as well talk about it over a drink.”
Steve seemed to hesitate, then put a hand on the chestplate's shoulder.
“But to go back to the matter at hand... You'll notice, I hope, that while I might not have extended a hand in this little stand-off you've arranged, I also wasn't the one who left first. Not that me trying to talk it out would have done any good, because he wouldn't consider anything but his own position, because I've already tried and it already ended this way, which means that the only way I could bring this to a personal end would be by grovelling at his feet and declaiming how right he was to begin with, and that 'Tony Stark' is the source of all evil while we're at it. As if that would resolve anything but his anger at 'Iron Man'.”
Tony didn't like it either, but what could you do. He met his friend's eyes, and wondered how his life would have been if he'd never met Captain America – not necessarily better, but almost certainly easier to live with. Less painful.
He laughed, and tried not to think about the way Steve looked somewhat angry, somewhat disgusted whenever the subject of conversation was Tony Stark's hot dates, and not Iron Man's. Steve would probably get along with Bethany, as it was, if they met out of any kind of context that related to Tony Stark – and once he'd find out who she was currently dating, Steve would probably make that face that said he thought someone was wasted on Tony Stark but he was too polite to say it out loud.
Tony flinched under the armor, just as Steve reached for him, looking completely lost and still somehow alert, as if – as if there was anything to be done, anything he could do to help, and God, why did Tony even come here?
“Director Hill has assigned me as your permanent liaison, Mr. Stark.”
He wondered where the others had gone. Had it been a normal day in his normal life, they'd probably be living their own life, but everyone here was on the run from SHRA, which had probably not been repelled in the time he'd spent asleep, so.
