He'd need smart and unbiased for a bodyguard and an alibi. Somebody people felt like they could trust.
John thought. It was hardly a shock; there was a reason they'd lived and worked together for over a year and only ever talked about the present. He'd just
almost nowhere in England where you could scream without being heard and he'd certainly done enough of that. Sherlock would use that, surely.
Prostitutes and one night stands were nothing, warm bodies without anything inside them. He'd spent only one hour considering a short, blond SAS officer
John was getting slower and his mistake rate was rising. This was not the established best way of learning a language. The data was clear; John needed to
to take that pompous ass out of the political system. Sherlock smirked, apparently understanding the gesture.
pay for their own coursework. You are going to talk to me about options, how reading lips is effective but only at close distances and takes an inefficient
“I won't do it again,” Sherlock promised quietly. John nodded, swallowing. They'd get past this. When the river froze.
"Sherlock Holmes, you seen him?" he demanded. The crackhead pulled a knife on him. "I'm asking you if you've seen Sherlock Holmes and now you're showing me
as possible. But, on very rare occasions, a criminal would not come to heel for James Moriarty, and Sherlock Holmes would save the idiot’s life.
pretended to sleep. The floor seemed to suck all the heat from his back and Sherlock had no choice but to tense or shiver. He shivered finally, his teeth
pronounced but his gait was strong. He spotted Sherlock finally and jerked in surprise – a healthy response time. The newcomer squinted at him as if
if he were Sebastian Moran, returning for a pair of forgotten keys. He crossed to the desk keeping his gun on the bathroom door and his eyes on the edges
sight of them. John was wrapped in nothing but a towel and bandages, his hair dried in an uncombed mess, still looking far better than Sherlock whose nose
"Her feelings will heal. And in the meantime we will have protected the freedom of the entire Western leadership. Without that, democracy can mean
"No," John replied honestly, pulling his hand out of his glove and thawing his cheeks and chin. His wrists and knuckles burned with cold. He shoved them
"God damn it," he breathed, just as Sherlock came striding out of the bathroom, sharply dressed in black slacks and pulling on a suit jacket.
grip on the chain that had bound him. Mike attempted to roll away and John wrapped the chain around his neck, praying the man would be too slow to stop
wanted to talk about it, maybe. He sighed finally, like John had battered him into it. "Molly Hooper, from the morgue laboratory. She's a good woman.
He had forgotten how very isolated he and Sherlock had been. How strongly he’d come to realize that, when Sherlock had died. It had been disturbingly easy
"-Two. First – O-X-F-O-R-D. -Second, -C-A-M-B-R-I-D-G-E," Sherlock answered and John raised an eyebrow in question, not bothering to stop eating. Sherlock
for this? He had to go after Moriarty. John snarled at him but Sherlock couldn’t catch what he’d said.
"We need a second mug," John mentioned. Sherlock turned and stared at him as if he'd started to scream. John turned back to pulling the bear's flesh from
him. John felt like prey in the glare of headlights. He searched for another victim to refocus Sherlock's mind, until he replayed Sherlock's last sentence.
John squinted at his watch in the dark. If it came time. Surely Moran wouldn't bother showing up more than twenty minutes late to an hour-long session.
useless policemen rushed to obey. Sherlock turned back to his photograph, deciding to ignore them. He’d spent most of a year tracking down Moriarty’s hired
"Sorry to disappoint" John said, his tone calm and his voice level. He loaded the gun with steady hands – too steady, no sign of his usual tremor. Scared
doubted she'd care. The chair tilted on its stump beside his bed, barely upright. Sherlock pushed the door open slowly and poked his head around it to see
and he slammed his head against the wall again. God, it'd been too long, this was amazing, Sherlock was amazing and hell the man was
delivery man, an enemy, a cop, an EMT squad, a bomb squad, or Mrs. Hudson. There was no package by the door, and even a particularly fervent delivery man
“Who is he?” the doctor asked. Ah, not too scared after all. Better and better. James was beginning to agree with Mycroft's assessment:
"Why?" he asked. John shot him a puzzled glance and grabbed a handful of snow to wipe the freezing brains from his face. "Why should you bring a .44 to a
said slowly, giving John time to deny it. John stayed quiet, fighting off a brief wave of embarrassment. After so many years of denying any attraction, to
'You're a bit like my dad. He's dead', 'You're a tit like my dad. He's dead'. 'You're a wit like my dad. He's dead' or any of that ending in 'he's red',
wished he'd stayed here and waited while he'd mourned for Sherlock Holmes to return. What would it have been like, if he'd never left, if he'd never been
was wagging rapidly, its chest pushing into the heavy harness to get closer to Sherlock's hands.
“If you had to do it again, Moriarty, the court case, the press, the assassins, the whole bit – what would you do?” John asked, not knowing what he wanted to hear but feeling his heart in his throat all the same.
stretching his legs out to get comfortable. He didn’t plan to get up until he’d figured out Moriarty's move. Whatever it was, it had been arranged before
was going to say. "You're going to say that that 'maybe' was as stupid as it looked - two men wanting something and running away from it, right?"
between them and every jolt of the taxicab pulled at John’s stitches and bruises until he was clenching his teeth to keep from making a sound and alarming
in silence, trying to fathom what more there was to say between them, only to determine that no words were sufficient and thereby disappearing again
"That'd be where the blood came from," Anderson said quietly. Lestrade glanced at Sherlock but the man was still frozen, just staring.
The police force worked late that night, staring at computer screens until they found the video clip of a homeless man trading off garbage bags with the
eyes flashing beneath his long lashes and John nodded rapidly, trying not to get too excited. He'd have to stay still, not thrust. Jesus, the man was
he didn’t want the brilliant, pristine prick to see him brought so low, tortured with very little reason behind it, marked with his name, and dropped back
"That's fine. Black, two sugars please," he told her and she nodded politely, seeming relieved with the encounter. So pathetic, regardless of straws.
"Fuck," John cursed, throwing his hands up. The man was infuriating. Sherlock always was, but in this moment John just wanted a man who'd share his life
Lestrade started as the projector warmed up. The detectives were still getting into their seats at the tables set on either side of the room. They were
Sherlock growled in his throat and walked over the coffee table to plop himself down on the couch, apparently done with them if they weren't going to speak
John swallowed, unsure how to respond. 'No' was most accurate, probably. He doubted even the women who'd joined him would call their nights out successful
John told the story and Sherlock found himself prompting more information without thinking about it, and John looked pleased, apparently picking up on the
bandages tug against him. He tried to keep his breathing even. He couldn’t move his arms. He could hear his heart monitor picking up. He didn’t know how to
"Yes, I agree. Though he does prefer to hire psychopaths for his personal assistants it would seem, and she is quite the opposite," Sherlock replied before
you to blame it for your return to drinking? A week? And how long after you started drinking did it take for you to ask why she did not focus all her
pages. The damn sheets had fallen to the floor, scattering beside the desk by Sherlock's foot but the man didn't seem to notice and the damn thing was
"Your vulnerability would endanger your crew. I’m sorry, soldier. You have done your duty, stand down," the man replied, his tone too soft.
Sherlock had seen him since then either. He rather doubted it. Sometimes it felt like Mycroft had the instincts of a shark, only showing up for Sherlock
“I do all this for you and still you think Sherlock bloody Holmes is going to take care of you? You’ll forgive him but not me? He jumped off a fucking
you live and you'll be seeing that carport everywhere you go, whether I post it or not. And I will," he explained, flicking him while he spoke. "Unless you
have guessed that cloistering Sherlock Holmes in an isolated sod house in the middle of Alaska would be tantamount to airdropping a bull into a glassworks
"Then why torture me?" John asked, wondering if he'd come upon yet another sadist criminal 'mastermind'. Apparently they were as common as tourists in modern
Molly opened her mouth to talk again and Sherlock wanted to growl. Back to the lipreading, then, but it could be about the case.
"Sally," Sherlock replied, smirking at her, before throwing the bills on the table and striding for the door.
threatening to fall on his roof. He examined the fallen tree for worm-eaten wood, his brain ruminating on a question he'd not been able to fathom.
smoker, on and off. Got a cup with him, probably a beggar," John filled in. "Spends a lot of time in the sun," he added, noting that he was only repeating
"Hike!" he shouted and Gladstone threw himself into his harness, jerking the sled. The other dogs responded to the sensation and pressed forward, building
"You alright?" someone asked him. A woman. John jerked and turned his head and the room spun. Not good, too drunk around this…client. What was her name?
. John didn't bother changing it; it was high time that James met Sherlock Holmes and this was certainly an effective way of doing it. He coded the message
If he'd misunderstood the puzzle the whole time? If there weren't any rules at all, Moriarty had simply been causing pain, almost randomly. How many times
"-Car -driver -ask -if -we -deaf. -Talk -aloud," John related. Sherlock blinked at him a moment and John allowed himself to chuckle, thrilled when Sherlock
then, or desperately trying to get to someone else, or just plain out of his mind – which would again imply torture, of course. Torture seemed the most
“Let’s get you inside and sitting down and I’ll put the kettle on,” she offered. John nodded and she moved her arm to clasp his shoulder John straightened
"I did drugs, gave him a case that'd likely get us killed, took his chair, and introduced him to my girlfriend," he summarized. Donovan took a gulp of her
Why say alcoholic? None of his friends called it that, even when their drinking slid over that border.
he reminded himself. That was all he needed. He’d limp out of this hellhole and he’d go back to his life as a soldier and a doctor.
"Tonight then?" Sherlock offered, rubbing his hands together. John blinked, unsure what exactly had changed between them that made him now want to accept,
"No, we weren't either, raising them," Tim replied, shaking his head. "Sherlock would go a week without saying a thing, only to disappear for a full day
He couldn’t keep doing this forever. John didn’t know how anyone could stand it, living a life so entirely without purpose.
He wondered, reflecting on the prone body before him for a moment, though he knew he was not hesitating. Sebastian Moran would die in this car.
no less certain that Sherlock hadn't finally gone mad. "Christmas! We need a warrant. Don't you see? Any evidence will have to get tossed out if there's
"Boring, boring, boring," Sherlock was repeating and John closed his eyes again, trusting Sherlock to get her out of the flat, when Sherlock exclaimed:
"I have no idea what you just said," Sherlock replied, pretending not to notice that Mycroft was halfway through a sentence. From Mycroft's pinched
Sherlock grabbed his hot coffee off the table and started for the door. He threw it out in the trashcan on the corner and held up his hand for a cab.
and he pulled at his hands, letting the plastic cut into him further, if it would help at all. He had no choice but to let the
"You're welcome," Sherlock answered easily, his attention shifting back around the room again. "The man in the hideous yellow shirt. Tell me what you see,"
It was a strange rule of A.A meetings that one could ask about the worst, most debilitating time of another person's life and talk about the destruction of
subtle about it. Given that, again John didn't question it, and they rode in relative peace to Westminster Station. From there they walked at a remarkably
"Thank you," he said sincerely. The president smiled briefly and stepped away, still looking uncertain. Sherlock moved immediately for the door, clearly
likely nonresidential. The building's white line, that says something. Parking garage, factory, bomb shelter, traffic tunnel – not likely, the walls aren't
have no reason not to. Hardly a revelation that would encourage John Watson to stay. Sherlock hissed to himself, frustrated.
John woke up the next morning to sun shining into his room. He'd actually managed to wake up on his own. Apparently Sherlock had found something quiet to
“How did you know she had a suitcase?” Lestrade demanded. But he didn't sound suspicious and John's posture remained loose.
“Oh, but Sherlock made a mistake in his stupid plan, didn't he? He'd promised me quite sincerely that he'd show me where he'd hidden his blasted drugs, if he ever left,” she said, shaking a finger at the genius. John blinked rapidly and she smiled fondly at him, her eyes remorseful, older than they'd been before.
the dumpster. It'd rotted beyond the point of most recognition, but was identified as Mr. Clarence Brown," Sherlock recounted.
"Probably again," she repeated dully and Sherlock rolled his eyes. Talking to people was always so slow. Shame Mycroft had to be a useless twat.
There was Sherlock’s body, Sherlock’s coat, laying in a broken lump five stories below. He had to check, it couldn’t be - he’d been talking to the man just
But then.. maybe he would have, just to save a stranger. Sherlock could care so much sometimes and put such little value on his own life.
"Neither can you. That's why you've come," Sherlock finished, getting up walk to the tea table. Did the man think he was too slow to understand? That could
They sat in silence for awhile, each watching their respective teacups cool, until John started to wonder how long Sherlock was going to be gone.
infection, lung damage, two dislocated shoulder joints and nine days of torture couldn't keep John Watson captive, the need for post-op care certainly
was so blind that he'd never notice the problem with that. John was just a platonic friend, after all. John wanted to punch something. He turned to leave
Peter Ricolleti, 43 years old in 2009, wanted for drug possession, trafficking, assault with a deadly weapon, weapon violation, domestic abuse, attempted
"Yeah," he answered her, putting the file down on the counter top. He exhaled heavily and decided it didn't matter that Molly was watching. He put his hand
that Sherlock's back and now that you're healthy again, well," Sarah stopped and collapsed back in her chair. "Today didn't go well."
"I'm not going out for less than an eight again. We agreed," Sherlock announced, stepping inside the cab. John followed and pulled the door shut as
"A small token of our gratitude," he stated and John decided not to bother translating. Sherlock took the box.
was so close to relapse, when he'd left. He would have contacted Mycroft on his way out, had he known. But then, surely Mycroft was notified the moment
about surviving longer under water if you stayed still and didn't fight it. Still, that could only last so long and he
yet slept. The mind couldn't do nine days without sleep. He had to have slept, but whenever it had been, it hadn't been for long. The man's skin was
She was a portly, kind-looking woman with an easy smile and a birthmark on her cheek. She carried a whiteboard and a pile of pre-made signs. John rubbed at
Three others. He'd said it differently in some relevant manner, tone or volume, or there was something about the fact that Sherlock didn't have friends
dishwasher, then. "Assuming this is about when you decided to go into the army. That is logical given the timing,"
But if he’s learned? John wondered, flicking on the display to show the unfamiliar phone number. He pushed the phone back into his pocket. He had no
John's pupils widened. Just a bit, hardly noticeable at all, but he wasn't the one who'd moved out of the way of the light. He hadn't moved at all, in
precariously on the mantle from when he'd needed to look up the reproduction rate of sea slugs. He needed adult learning progress statistics. There was a
"You know Magnussen as a newspaper owner but he is so much more than that. He uses his power and wealth to gain information. The more he acquires, the
"Oh," the woman said, clutching her small hands in her lap. She looked monstrously uncomfortable. Sherlock leaned back in his seat, brushing John's
"What-" he started and Sherlock crouched back down, sending an avalanche of dust, dried sod, and animal droppings over the table, mattress, and chair. "You
snow three centimeters in at the heel of the paw print. The fingers were wide and as long as Sherlock's, tipped with holes in the snow crust where the
"Please, she used to run a drug cartel," Sherlock scoffed. They heard footsteps on the stairs and Sherlock led the way back into the living room. John held
perfectly unaffected by it all, beyond inconvenience. John hated reminders like these, that taught him how little he really understood the man.
"-I -research. -Internet," Sherlock replied. John laughed and threw a leg over the side of the building, knowing there was a handy upside-down dumpster on
a businessman and his wife. They were brought to a table large enough for four and John sat down facing the door and tried not to grimace at the lit candle
bottle. John looked up dumbly, wondering why the man had not stayed hidden back behind the wall where he clearly slept. The man looked up from his bottle
green card – yes, that's what he'd thought. John pulled himself out of his chair and shifted to where he'd put Hoyleden's items. The wife had sent them
He paid for a drink he couldn't afford and settled into a corner to wait. They'd better get friggin paid for this one.
stoic, solid mask. Sherlock opened his mouth to speak, but John's gaze tightened, turning angry, and Sherlock hesitated. He could feel his hands sweating
his best to hide his sexuality, until inevitably the prat deduced it from his toothpaste brand or some nonsense. Then some "I'm married to my work'
Sherlock stared at the hotel's empty electric kettle, wanting tea. He couldn't make it exactly as John did, because the man had a fascinating way of making
"Why?" Sherlock asked, before he could stop himself. Why was he interested? That was irrelevant, it only mattered if John liked learning sign language now,
"Not now, John," Sherlock growled and unbuttoned his coat to sit down at the desk. "Different names, different addresses," he muttered again and John stole
"He was uh – kind, sometimes, when he wasn't being an absolute prat. You know, could just really screw up and be actually sorry about it, which for him
Lestrade wasn’t surprised when Donovan took the chance to corner him by the coffee maker at the back of the room. He filled his cup again to give her time
Lestrade came to visit after the day that rained and hailed without faltering. John heard the front door open, heard the man’s feet on the stairs, but kept sanding down the kitchen table. He needed something to do with his hands. He’d never really enjoyed keeping up casual conversation and somewhere in the quietly drifting tundra he’d forgotten how.
"Oh, right. But, who the fuck are you?" she asked instead. John scratched at the back of his hand, unsure how to answer.
He'd wanted Sherlock gone so very badly, the first days, wanted his solace back. Old wounds were threatening to tear open and it'd be so very easy to step
never yield. Sherlock smiled, hoping his thoughts didn't show themselves too keenly. John still had one foot out the door. But he knew, with a staidness he
"-Colour, -your -favorite -what?" Sherlock asked. John paused, the kettle in his hand hovering over the stove, trying to process that Sherlock had asked
hated standing still. He jumped, clapping his hands once in exhilaration but it wasn't enough, he wanted to
“I brought scones. I thought the two of you should -” she started, before pausing, glancing past John at where Sherlock stood by the fireplace. “get settled in,” she finished awkwardly, rushing to set the tea tray on the small table by John's side.
"Tall, dark hair, brilliant, funny," John answered. "Could tell where you'd been, what you'd eaten, just by looking at you."
She didn’t know what time it was when they finally finished. Light was starting to flicker through the office windows again. Sally stared at the completed
notoriously antipathic toward whites and newcomers. This was a white man raised in this environment, someone who could live it without considering any
definitely going to do it in return. Should he stop it now until Sherlock could take it in ret- oh Jesus but he wasn't that good a man, Sherlock was
"The alarms would go off and you'd be dragged away by security," John answered. Sherlock nodded sharply, apparently agreeing.
"Sorry to disturb, now, but we haven't got any of the orange pekoe left, it's all run out. Will a normal black tea suit?"
"So what's the problem?" she asked. Sherlock leaned his head against her kitchen cabinets, thinking he shouldn't have come. Pathetic. A lost cause, anyway.
Just as the informant had promised. Was that all this was for -- four dead victims and a framed 'killer' – to capture John's interest?
with him, courting danger and solving puzzles. Yes, he'd mourned, he'd suffered, but why would he not return? Who was this new John that hunted caribou but
“You really shat on your neighbor’s mat?” he asked and Harry laughed, banging her palm against the hospital cot.
The sound of sizzling, like steak, before John screamed. And screamed. The sizzling stopped and the blowtorch started again –
"Sherlock, she loves you," John hissed, leaning forward into Sherlock's space. Sherlock stared off over his shoulder and answered flatly,
"You want me to learn sign language," John said flatly before growling and reaching for the pad. A bandage slipped slightly and he almost smacked Sherlock
John turned to Mike, trying to discern if the man had any idea who he'd just introduced him to. Mike smiled and nodded happily.
nothing to hide, but the genius wasn't paying attention to him at all. Sherlock pushed his face into the reporter's face, his eyes piercing, instantly
Sherlock wasn’t dead. What would happen then, if Ludmilla Dyachenko learned of their deception? Moriarty would have a contingency plan.
Geese arrived with the melting ice and passed all too quickly. John hunted what he could, ate everything he could, and preserved what he couldn't, and
front of him in his favorite dramatic gesture. No doubt he'd had pictures taken of this, in case he ever needed them for a political campaign as the doting
"I might as well ask you why you're still at the bedsit," Sherlock replied, his voice strangely soft, not breaking their eye contact. His pupils were
"I'm going to stay, John," Sherlock stated, his voice rumbling. John glanced up to see the consulting detective place the heated meat pot on the table, a
and Sherlock wasn't trying to train him to observe. Sherlock stayed motionless, waiting, when John stopped to think. Their food arrived and they both ate,
"I'm not particularly bright. You've used that against me before," he replied, digging his knife into the fox's spine and severing the skinned head.
Sherlock didn’t move, his gaze burning and John stared back into his eyes. He'd have felt so much from that gaze, once, when it felt like Sherlock could
walls. John strode forward, looking inside each of the abandoned rooms. The home was cold and clearly unconnected to any power grid. A hellhole.
John coughed out a laugh at the greeting. It'd been too long since he'd seen the woman. They'd gone to the grave and she'd left before he'd said a word. He
“Yeah?” John replied, anger thick in his voice. His back was starting to sting again; he wanted his drugs back. He was supposed to take them when his pain
John went home that night, such as it was. He lived out of his army bag and a milk crate in the cheapest bedsit he could find that wouldn't make him share. He wouldn't risk anyone in punching distance when he woke up but he hated coming in like this, throwing his coat on a desk chair in a dark room and trying to decide which take-away he'd order when he couldn't afford anything but fast-food and Chinese.
"How are you feeling?" she asked finally, cracking an egg into a pan and John sipped at his drink, trying to decide if he'd answer honestly or just talk
"Also..I don't like erm…we're partners? Just us, just.. together?" he asked and Sherlock stared at him, looking rather confused at why he'd say such a
Watson’s deep voice crying out for his ‘dead’ friend, and Sherlock walked calmly up to the side of the wall and started tapping against it lightly, walking
trying to concentrate on the noise. He was in London, 221B again, and he wanted to get the fuck to sleep. He lay back down, content to listen to Sherlock’s
Gladstone sidled away from him, keeping his distance until the last minute when the dog could sprint through the door. Sherlock followed them inside and
"No, I don't," she said. John snorted. She'd been insisting so for years and she'd hardly seemed inclined to change her mind, even after Sherlock's jump.
“-Coming up” John signed as largely as he could and ran toward the building. He heard Sherlock shout something through his phone but couldn’t make it out.
"If you won't forgive me, bloody well leave me alone. I'm on a case," he snarled, trotting down the steps. Wind caught in his sweatshirt, revealing how
"You’d know, if you'd ever tortured anyone, that by day two they'll answer every question immediately, unless they've already decided to lie to you," he commented, reaching for the blowtorch from where it was cooling on the ground.
looking vaguely like he was trying to swallow something bitter. Unlikely, given his tastes and no evidence of chewing. So, acknowledging Sherlock was right
“That's enough to be going on with, don't you think?” the consulting criminal asked smugly. He swung out of the room, looking quite pleased with himself. John had barely started to relax when the door jerked open again and Moriarty leaned back into the room. “The name's Sherlock Holmes and the address is two two one B Baker Street.” With a wink at John, he disappeared back out of the room.
"So, Sherlock, not dead after all," she prompted, her gaze flickering down to his slings in unvoiced curiosity. John nodded, sucking on his teeth. "He lied
"Wait-" Sherlock pleaded. John turned, shocked to hear such a tone in the man's voice. Sherlock had a hand held out as if to grab him but pulled it back
"Material," Sherlock said and showed the sign. John copied it. "Glass. Metal. Stone -often used to say 'cement'. Rock. Brick. Street – also path or way.
puzzle, seen him insulting Molly without a second thought, seen a man's body tossed out a window onto Mrs. Hudson cans three times in a row, but somehow
-We -finished. He’d meant that. All of it. The cases, the sign language, the relationship. Over, if Sherlock would let him be in grave danger and unaware
sit. There was water damage on the wall, beneath the single coffee cup hanging on a nail above the stove. Where the water had dripped down the handle as it
grateful, as the nurses helped him into the car. Sherlock climbed in after and ordered 221 Baker Street, as he had so many times before. The time stretched
“Because he’d always find me,” John sobbed, only to close his eyes. He was breaking down, he knew it.
Sherlock waited by the car to get word. He wouldn’t gain anything from seeing John’s bloated corpse but a time of death, and Molly would give him a more
Sherlock held up the card, safely settled back on the couch, and John sat back in his chair. The coffee table had been shoved aside and his chair moved
John moved from pile to pile, collecting them all on the coffee table, keeping them in the order Sherlock had subtly placed them in. A tiny insight into
"Marcus," he said and Sherlock flipped through his memory, ensuring the name had been mentioned in passing. It'd been brought up multiple times; not a
behind. Fortunately the Holmeses didn't seem to notice that touch of PTSD, though Mycroft's sneer slipped before he lead the way in.
"Yup. And meet his eyes a lot," she agreed and Sherlock growled. "Bye bye," she insisted and ushered him out of the door. She shut it in his face and
"Two years last January. I moved here for work," the woman said and paused, inviting him to ask what she did. Sherlock's eyes found him and scanned the
the bottom surface, over the legs and joints, feeling the same degree of workmanship, beyond what was necessary. It was unlike the rest of the sod home, so
John frowned, wanting to ask if she expected Sherlock to try that trick again. He wasn’t sure what could convince him that Sherlock wasn’t a fucking prick
They could go to the countryside. Cows and grain fields wouldn’t be too much. The occasional humming plane.
neither the strength nor the arms to help him balance as he sat. Sherlock helped him down and a plume of dust clouded the air between them.
"Wind blow plen'y hard yesterday," he stated. John nodded and the house was quiet again. Perhaps it was common in the arctic to be so quiet even after a
"Would you have preferred I risk it? Gamble and see if he shoots you? Would that show more 'love'?" he sneered the word, feeling his emotions pick up
"It is a capital mistake to theorize before one has data. Insensibly one begins to twist facts to suit theories, instead of theories to suit facts,"
so harmless. He should have thought of that; where was the body then?; he'd missed an entire fucking
himself. They were doing this again. Cavorting about town, solving mysteries. He'd saved a life today, if Bainbridge lived.
Canadian, though significantly less likely - stewardess. Ah, yes, clearly. "-You -really -think -about -what?" John asked. Well. He'd royally cocked that
because I've given up trying to figure your brain out. Why did you leave – why did you pretend to
How was it that John had so thoroughly seen the worst of him? Just when he’d begun to want John to think the best of him. His phone vibrated against his
down the drain and John pushed himself up on his arms, noting how they were shaking again. This bit of idiocy was going to hurt when the drugs wore off. He
"Anderson?" they heard Sherlock snarl upon getting to the landing. Mycroft stepped inside and John followed him. Anderson was standing inside the kitchen,
Finally, when Sherlock had collected every bit of silverware they owned on his side of the table and they were both quite a bit too drunk to wield any of
"To save me," he answered finally, only more uncomfortable. Ella frowned, clearly concerned, and John backtracked. "Not- not suicide." He cleared his
where they were," John swore, banging up the stairs though intellectually he knew Sherlock could not hear
Christ, he smelled good. John pulled his head up wearily, deciding he was too tired to give a shit about the looking-straight project. Sherlock would
Sherlock would remember that. John fiddled with a loose thread on the armchair. He’d barely been back in 221B for a minute before he’d found reason to be
-you -don't care. -You -care about -work. -You -must -choose. -You -only -care -I -learn -ASL -help -your -work, -I -go," John ranted.
pointed at him signing than the banker talking. For once he was grateful no one would be able to understand him. The banker's child handed Sherlock a small
"Mr. Holmes?" a voice called from the flat upstairs. John grimaced, recognizing Anderson's voice. Now, that was just spiteful. Sherlock's face twisted in
back to a wall and he needed to examine that body. For god's sake, no one had even checked the Bainbridge's wounds yet, as far as John could see.
This fic has required two post-it walls detailing the chronology of every scene of the first two seasons of Sherlock.
about mind palaces, don't you Sherlock?" How to store information so you never forget it by picturing it. I just sit here, I close my eyes, and down I go
"Molly," he greeted, walking toward the staircase up to the second floor flats. "Thanks for the uh-casserole".
darkness. John cut and sewed the fox pelt into liners for Sherlock's gloves and turned the caribou skin into mukluks – tall skin boots that kept the cold
am I supposed to say to that?" he asked, turning. Mycroft was still facing the house. He turned finally and lifted his hands,
He dove further into his character. "A built-in flash drive? 4G wireless?" he asked inanely and donned the spectacles. Charles Magnussen appeared far more
"How is this place better?" Sherlock hissed instead, gesturing wildly at the dark, makeshift home around them.
down. He was hoping for a message from Moriarty, something that would show John was a captive, not a missing body.
inappropriate. Mrs. Hudson's face lit up. "Oooh, but who sent you those? Red roses are a symbol of love hopeful, you know," she cooed, lifting the flowers
"Magnussen," Sherlock said, like it'd end all arguments. To John's shock, the name apparently meant something far more than he'd understood. Mycroft's grim
lost everything. Sherlock had lost everything. Moriarty had won. It didn’t matter if Sherlock dismantled the whole criminal network. The reason John cared
rude. John tipped him better for it and scanned the appointment list to see who was still in the crowd.
angry again before it was coming to him. H.O.U.N.D – an acronym, or at least possibly one – a new option had opened up that merited exploring.
John glanced over Sherlock's shoulder at his screen after his shower and found the man scanning down another list of words. The printer was stacked with
case of pneumonia was left at nothing but a low grade fever and a cough. They wouldn't discharge him until the fever had passed
impression of being in elementary school with a teacher that desperately wanted to engage with him. They always defaulted to dumb questions.
meet, and he was coming back to 221B at least once more, and Sherlock's world was unquestioningly better for it. Perhaps he could earn John Watson's regard
John reached past Sherlock's shoulder and signed 'really'. Sherlock turned slightly in his chair and grinned.
around him. Sarah was looking at him over the front counter, clearly unhappy. She pursed her lips, apparently unsure what to say, and glanced over the
“I threatened them. The Case of the Blackmailed Double Father, the Case of the Blackmailed New Woman, they’re all mine,” Sherlock confessed, sounding
The stranger had the brown skin, round face, and wide flat nose of a native Inupiaq. His face and hands were calloused and dark, damaged from years
“Why not? Given the text I just had you send and the fact that I have her case it's a perfectly logical assumption.”
It was actually that out of character, John thought, watching the man through an hour of the practice. Sherlock spent hours at his experiments, staring
been through, in their year apart, what he'd done in the nine day search for him. He'd asked what Sherlock had wanted, afterward. Sherlock had wanted it to
your penis is in when I touch your hair," Sherlock answered before snapping the microscope light back on. "And because you are wondering, yes, I will still
laughing together below their window. It was just their flat and John found himself wanting Sherlock to get home so the man could scoff at the tragedy,
"I'll point out, I'm not eating. By rights, you should," Sherlock replied. John felt his mind whirl in a circle trying to figure out what on earth Sherlock
he ordered himself when the footsteps stopped just out of reach. He'd need his hands; any move too soon would ruin his only chance and he'd die in this godforsaken parking garage.
no idea how long it'd last. He breathed slowly, forcing his heart to calm as he refocused on the problem before him. Moriarty was being released within the
managed to keep perfect step with him while avoiding every table and countertop corner in their way. The man even managed to reach behind himself to open
heard nothing at all. So Sherlock just talked, and John had never hated Baskerville so much for taking Sherlock Holmes' hearing away. He couldn't ask what
feeling old habits sink back into his bones. He'd always been stupidly good at looking harmless, but he was
good time to push too hard. "I want to see Appledore. Where you keep all the secrets, all the files, everything you've got on everyone. I want you to
Suddenly Sherlock was all movement, taking out his phone and striding toward the door, typing into his phone even as he grabbed his coat.
"How many people have two different size feet and can kick and hold someone down at the same time?" Sherlock replied. Greg's eyebrows furrowed at the
"I am a different man than before you died," he stated. He didn't look up from his work; didn't expect a response. He knew Sherlock had finally come to
"Rules. Which have changed? Are my bacteria-injected eggs unacceptable now? Does my violin, the days without talking bother you now? Do I have to touch you
"Her first name is Martha?" Sherlock asked, expecting to see John roll his eyes in exasperation but instead the man blinked and rechecked the note.
"Here be dragons," Mycroft admitted, giving up their thirty year dance at underestimating each other. And why? Sherlock hesitated, trying to catch up. He
conversation? Would that be wrong in some way? He'd never done this before. He didn't want to reject John. He wanted to push him into the far wall and fuck
Sherlock was still sitting in the same seat, apparently unbothered by those petty human things like food and drink and visiting hours. John was inclined to
way to get his attention without being rude. Sherlock didn't know why it would be any less distracting than any other means but still, it meant he had an
“Really? I thought it was a big improvement. Your mouth's too small now,” Moriarty replied, walking back into John's view with coffee held in his right hand.
"I suggested it, only. I admit, I expected Jim would not be so careless as to let you go before the end. Just think of the poetry, a madman in love with
"You said you had a case. This is just a suicide faked as a murder, and a very similar, utterly unrelated homicide. Where's the puzzle?" Sherlock demanded,
conscious of his pale skin and jutting ribs, the friendly fire wound in his shoulder and the new red scars beside it. His back had been torn up and ugly
"Well, apparently we're done," Mike said, suddenly shutting off the torch. "We're supposed to build up to it all, some today, more tomorrow, et cetera," he
have to clean up the remnants of their mugs. So he didn't mention it. Then Sherlock began hoovering the kitchen floor and John went into the living room to
difference. He was never going to understand when the average mind simply observed and understood and when it just...didn't.
The snow slowly sank away, leaving wet soggy ground in its wake and for a few weeks everything squished. The river water rose daily and Sherlock watched it and watched him, his gaze taking on the pinched focus of the starving.
“Pink!” he shouted back and ran out the door. He ran for the cab, knowing he'd have to get away before Dr. Watson tried to follow. He needed to be 'looking for the case' now, after all, and it fit Sherlock's character to disappear without a thought to the doctor's route home.
James had been faced with a paradox; the perfect bodyguard for a dishonest man was an honest one; a loyal fighter who'd never take a bribe would never work for a dishonest man. He'd found a solution in Dr. John Watson; a man desperate to be useful and left rather out of work in a peaceful territory. Fortunately for them both, London wasn't one.
good name; was that why he'd jumped? Was it her fault? But then, why fake it? He'd lost Watson for that. It was obvious his friend had not known; John
"Oh, don't be, I never wanted to go into business. Far too social," Sherlock replied and John felt his eyes widen. Sherlock paused, looking uncertain for a
“It’s a bit creepy, you being here, in’t it?” Harry said, drawing attention to where she was knitting by the window.
"F-R-A-U-D," John answered. Sherlock shifted his weight and John crouched and ran his hands over Sherlock's knees, settling him back into the chair.
He left the tub full and the bucket bobbing in it. Mrs. Hudson would drain it eventually, or Sherlock would. There wasn't much to hide from them. John
"Where were you then?" he asked as he carefully removed the bowels and threw the intestines to Gladstone, sleeping in his place by the stove. "Three
Lestrade had a feeling he thought whatever Donovan did – and in three minutes Sherlock had summarily lost their trust again.
Mrs. Hudson smiled softly, seeming to read his disagreement in his eyes and not arguing. She sat back in Sherlock’s chair, making herself comfortable. They
"He will not stay," John replied. Sherlock had to keep himself from wincing. This was a brittle time. He didn't know what John wanted from him.
"We've been through so much. I don't want to add more to it, mixing sex in," he admitted. Greg grimaced. He'd apparently managed to go through the whole
John grabbed onto the leg as it kicked him again and punched up into its owner's bullocks with all his force, raising himself onto his knees as he moved.
"You cannot be happy here," he replied, gesturing at the emptiness around them. Sherlock snorted and threw his arms out wide.
Damn, but it was impressive watching Sherlock Holmes stick in tack after tack, never hesitating, never referring to the sheet again. He must have memorized
"Mostly, yeah," he answered, thinking about all he'd been after he'd retired from the army. He just didn't start conversation much. Or continue it for
neighborhood. You've been held and tortured, you have. Look at the scars on your wrists; held by something sharp. That's not botherin' to mention your
“That's the pink case, that's Jennifer Wilson's case,” John choked out. He was going to be an accomplice to murder if he didn't report it immediately.
presence. It was why he was so easy to blame, without evidence, because Sherlock Holmes had always looked like a man who could go anywhere in the world
pushed back onto something scalding and it looked like shite; hell, Sherlock probably knew the tank model number.
“Look at the state of his wrists where his teeth scraped against his ulna. Plastic restraints, then, judging by the cuts, wire ties, almost certainly. He
historical manor, complete with lintel engravings and a bust of its founder. Instead, the black limo pulled up to a converted farm house, complete with red
The Appledore Estate house was as intimidating and opulent as promised. It stood on farm country, carving out a large section of the local fields to
this time? Having so summarily left without him. John sucked cold air into his lungs and released it, trying to keep his churning emotions at bay. How long
It didn't matter why he’d faked his suicide. She owed him horribly. Sally pushed in the button for the second floor of Scotland Yard and started back up.
"I need to look incompetent. Surely that's something you can help me with," Sherlock said, as the waiter arrived. The waiter hesitated and John smiled
"So, why'd you start drinking? A year ago, in Prague?" John asked, trying to sit up in his seat. Sherlock glanced at him over their last hand, his eyes
armpit, hiding from the wind, its tail flicking back and forth warily. Sherlock continued to rub heat into the animal's face and ears, until the dog's tail
failure of an attempt to stand up. John shook his head, pulling himself out of the bed and taking the time to get redressed before he followed the man who
friendship gone and John so injured? To know he’d chosen wrong? John knew something critical must have happened if Sherlock was defending Donovan like a
gesture away from his mouth for something like 'aloud'. Sherlock furrowed his eyes looking confused and John sighed. "-easy," he added, not wanting to say
was an old Tudor style monstrosity and the front door was pulled open for them, revealing an entry way of heavy furniture and deep-colored rugs. Anthea led
holding a glass of hard liquor on his knee. The servants left through another door behind John and he could finally focus on the real villain in front of
"Well, not actually marry her, obviously. There's only so far you can go," Sherlock answered brusquely.
inclined to vandalize something, just to see what the man would do. Sherlock fulfilled that urge by swiping a crystal ashtray from a sidetable as they
fraud after all. John slowly pushed his chair back, his heart beating like a maniac. No. Sherlock had thought of it, which mean Sherlock would have
"It happens to everyone, John," Sherlock protested. They were talking about the erection then, John thought, closing his eyes.
“Sherlock and I are -” John interrupted, only to cut himself off. He needed to use the past tense now. He cleared his throat, trying to ignore the tension
"-She -say" he started, then stopped. "-C-O-U-P-L-E?" he asked, to get the sign. "-couple -good- make -us," he finished. "-many -couple -sit -chair, -read
-they'd lost all their other clothing, John hadn't gone home, or he hadn't bothered changing. The last wasn't likely – John hated to wear the same outfit
Bloody scared of water. Anger was helpful. John pushed himself across the tile and slammed the faucet closed. He jerked himself away to sit with his back
He'd needed Sherlock to survive here, and now he was at least better off with someone else's head to aim his SIG at.
Magnussen for possession of his laptop, and we reveal the Appledore vaults to Mycroft, solidifying his power doing whatever it is he does," Sherlock
“Got my eye on a nice little place in Central London. Together we ought to be able to afford it We'll meet there tomorrow evening. Seven o'clock. Sorry, got to dash. I think I left my riding crop in the mortuary,” Moriarty ordered and without further introduction started for the exit.
shoulders or his neck. Physical therapy could improve that, some day, but it'd take awhile. He didn't want to think about it.
"I don't mind," Sherlock reassured him quietly. John glanced up, wishing he was sober enough to take that one in. Sherlock met his eyes, something sad
John ran his hands over his face. Steady hands, finally, for maybe the first time since he'd woken up in hospital.
sex life. That didn't sound right at all. But then, neither did Donovan visiting him in the hospital room, brief though that'd been, and trying to give him
"Burning is just really damn efficient and people always underestimate it. If it helps at all, I'm only supposed to use other torture methods to wake you
“We won’t press it, dear,” she said. Sherlock hesitated, glancing between them, frowning in confusion. Mrs. Hudson squeezed John’s hand again, her gaze
slid away from Lestrade and his eyes darted around the river bank. He said something that looked like 'uh' but couldn't be confirmed – too many options;
online surveys, facebook likes, and neighborhoods, until he was running a background check on a Charlotte Windsor.
didn’t want to see what Sherlock had done with the apartment, having returned on his own. He didn’t want to see the place looking like it had, an abandoned
"He's clueing for looks!" he explained, almost yelling. Sherlock was on the floor with his bum in the air. Asleep, maybe. That was smart. It was the middle
The flat door opened into a small living room and kitchen without a dining table. There was dust on the countertops and to-go boxes in the paper recycling
to show off. He pulled his violin from his shoulder and moved to put it away in the case on the mantle.
“-This -problem? -Friends -not -safe? -Fix -my -way,” John answered, clenching his jaw. Sherlock frowned and glanced around the room again.
John would come storming down the stairs himself, his face red and his fists clenching, shouting abuse at him until Sherlock understood.
"What is to be gained from this?" Sherlock complained. Dots blurred in front of John's eyes. He inhaled slowly, keeping a hand on his cot. He felt as if
man's stupidly uplifted expression. God, but he wished they could just take a real break. Go back to normal and just spend the evening together. "-You
Sherlock watched John as he quietly scraped at the fox pelt. He did not need to open the box; what did he care what John's old partners looked like?
He had less than an hour until John got back to the flat. Long enough to get across the city to send the Black Lotus his orders. They had contacts with friends in Yerevan, judging by their customer base.
“I'd like to bring Gladstone, give the others to Iqniq,” John replied.The morning light shone through the frosted window, but the birds were quiet. It was still early. Sherlock pressed his forehead up into John's shoulder blade, a loving gesture John had long since come to recognize. “Thank you, John,” Sherlock said quietly.
John realized awkwardly but Sherlock was shouting again. John waved a hand at her, agreeing as he rushed out the door. Sherlock was already halfway into
"How do you figure?" Greg asked and John just waited, knowing Sherlock would show off and explain it himself.
seat with him. He was left alone and dropped off before the front of 221B. No doubt Mycroft had been informed. Anger cut through him for a moment,
"Sherlock!" Greg's voice came from below as Sherlock was pressing a new ink cartridge into the printer. He chucked the old one into the waste as he started
Instead, the man led them through his home to a pair of closed doors and introduced the entrance to his vaults while he presented them with an empty white
to clear reasoning and he was proving it to himself at every opportunity. John turned the page of his book and Sherlock noticed his hands again – as if he
Sherlock grimaced and stared up at the ceiling, his brain jerked fully awake. John would not appreciate him moving now and there was nothing to do in the
John desperately wanted her gone now. That or to fall back asleep. Neither seemed particularly likely.
"I left him," he said. She picked up her notepad again and wrote something down. John felt anger start to build in his chest. He should never have come
"Fuck you, Sherlock. I'm not the one who threw our friendship away," he shouted, following. He couldn't care to check if the rusted staircase was secure.
"I'm standing outside it," he answered, glancing around the empty, dank hallway. No one had answered.
didn't have anyone at his back. If Sherlock was right, there was no point hiding his P.T.S.D. From the man and they were trying to look weak regardless.
he ordered himself but Sherlock simply went back to glancing around the room, apparently not picking up on anything awkward at all.
drugged haze. Who was Sherlock Holmes, to cause so much pain only to think John wanted him there, watching him recover? Who was he to think John so
without any need to shuffle through them and handed it to Janine. The blueprint, John guessed, walking forward to sit down on the couch. He missed his
"I still don't follow. Christmas?" John prompted. Sherlock inhaled slowly, like he was bracing himself for something, and sat up from the couch. "It's the
them all and hope Mycroft could keep him from a life sentence or Sherlock was dead and John was going to walk out of this building and find the closest
“Thank you,” Sherlock said quietly, his voice sincere in a way she’d never heard. Donovan turned to see him sitting on the carpet, leaning against her
This wasn't a threat Sherlock was accustomed to. He flipped the safety off John's handgun, wondering if he could hit its heart.
Magnussen had been willing to come up to the flat just to pee in the fireplace. Sherlock considered asking if Magnussen planned to urinate here but decided
had it held back with a heavy clip. Her dog had died, or she'd finally given the neglected thing away. He couldn't tell if she still smelled like Anderson.
He'd only just spotted the short complaisant-looking girl hovering in the doorway when he realized why he'd had to turn at all. His seat. His seat was
He'd never be in that parking garage again. He thought now he'd be capable of anything to avoid that. His cowardice screamed to agree. The cut of a knife,
to say. He couldn’t think of anywhere he was less comfortable than sitting in the dusty remains of a life he’d mourned. Nor anyone who made him as angry
“Moriarty. You are angry, ergo you believe I made a mistake. Where do you think my mistake lies: in jumping from Saint Bartholomew Hospital or in not
Why send a manager to serve a man? Sherlock frowned. The cafe was expecting a problem. He’d sat too long without buying a new drink, presumably.
"Or at least he was," she added, smiling at him sadly and placing his tea down on the table beside him, apparently deciding her help was sufficient.
He woke up with the I.V back in his right hand and the machines mercifully quiet. His right hand was bandaged, his arms pinned to his side by his elbows
"And that's your idea of flirting, is it? Just staring at her?" John asked, amused by the image of Sherlock trying to glare a woman into attraction.
multiple statements from Jim Moriarty-” John hesitated but Lestrade nodded, no doubt in his eyes.
"Coming up?" Mycroft asked in that way he had of making everything sound like it held a deeper meaning. He pushed himself up from the step with his
legs were sweating, releasing moisture Sherlock knew would freeze painfully if he climbed back into the sled. He chose to run. John thundered beside him,
leave it at that. It wasn't going to happen. But he wasn't going anywhere. They could bloody well make up why not if they needed an excuse.
Mycroft texted. James breathed through his teeth, dropping his finished letter and written orders into the mail bin outside King's Cross station, at once relieved and harried. He had not underestimated John Watson; the man had refused Moriarty's money and hadn't run away screaming after the always-dramatic intervention of Mycroft Holmes - which was good news, except John had apparently skipped half of Mycroft's speech, hadn't let himself be tempted, hadn't heard Mycroft's full offer, hadn't needed to. Commendable, of course, and he'd be pleased if it didn't mean John Watson was
"God, look at the time, I'll be late," Janine muttered to herself, checking her watch as she grabbed the french press from its place by the sink. She
beating steadily, without any fear at all, but John knew that was wrong. He should be scared. He'd be scared any different day.
John tried to focus on the battered woman currently crying as the schmuck was taken off her front porch in cuffs, trying to think about the good they were
"Deaf," the assistant mouthed out, looking horrified before she drew herself up, looking organized again. "Would you like me to arrange an interpreter for
Lestrade and Donovan saw of John's reaction to him? He had no pride left. And he was too selfish to walk away, not without ascertaining what chance he had
"It's easier when I can't smell it, yeah. Sorry, John," he tossed out. John nodded. Wounds smelled. He knew that.
Sherlock stayed silent, unsure what to say. He didn't know why he'd stay. Sentiment, purely, but he'd never let it cloud his judgment before. Even his
"We need to get a chip on those letters," Sherlock mused, lowering himself into his chair, apparently just as happy not to deal with that shouting match.
himself jerking forward to action before he'd even thought and had to rein himself back from protecting the genius. Molly had barely let Sherlock process
“Back of her right leg. Tiny splash marks on the right heel and calf, not present on the left. She was dragging a wheeled suitcase behind her with her right hand. Don't get that splash pattern any other way.”
after his life; nothing but changed bandages and cluedo and warmed up meals would be unconscionable. The genius was trapped trying to play nursemaid, of
John wanted to snark but he hesitated, uncertain. Stress creeped into his mind, making his back tense. Post-op care was a complicated, horrible process to
even with nothing more to get done. He set himself in the conference room with John’s possessions, which Greg had wisely ordered no one but Sherlock to
There was something strange about speech after a hiatus. John cleared his throat, trying to corral his feral thoughts together into something he could say
John rested his elbows on the countertop and pushed his fingers into his hair. Sherlock Holmes was trying to get him back? Or at least courting his
he repeated as he pushed Sherlock back toward his bed when the man moved to stand awkwardly beside it. The genius didn't know where to go. That was fine;
What followed was the most clinical and tense bath John had ever witnessed, even within a hospital and a warzone. When his hair was shampooed and rinsed,
No, the others have been paid off. Ergo, not homeless," Sherlock explained aloud, even as he clicked through the video, frame by frame, his eyes searching.
She nodded, trying to figure out what on earth she was supposed to say. John climbed up the steps and Molly followed quietly, trying to pretend she was
“You’re supposed to count,” John growled, getting his balance. His vision wavered. He had to sit again. Soon.
"Words change nothing," Sherlock said, staring at him like that meant something deeper than it sounded.
it was sudden-onset narrowed the options considerably; Autoimmune inner ear disease; noise-induced hearing loss; Physical head injury. Three options then,
Harold Yale had been a serial killer for two years before James caught up with him and began providing him with specific targets. Now he took out some of the more revolting and elusive of James's 'unprosecutables'. The drug dealing college student, guilty of four murders - who'd already been kept from trial twice; the belligerent businessman who took his anger out on prostitutes - a crime no one was investigating; the millionaire head of a ponzi scheme preying on the very old and the very young; and now, Jennifer Wilson, the last of the run. Carefully timed to John Watson's release from physical therapy into the prohibitively expensive housing market of modern London. If his recruitment plan worked, which was looking gratifyingly likely, John Watson would soon move in as a full-time bodyguard and personal physician. A truly decent man, like no full-time crook could hire, and employed for free. An acquisition definitely worth the permanent retirement of Mr. Harold Yale. Unless John refused to bite. That would render the whole long farce a criminal waste of resources though at least he'd keep Harold on for at least a few more murders.
"Yeah, probably just an addict in need of a fix," he said, unable to meet their eyes. Bill glared at him, noting the insult.
"Get in the bloody sled, Sherlock," John ordered. His voice cracked. Sherlock jerked his eyes back to stare at him. That wasn't like him. John glared back,
Perhaps that was better than Sherlock arranging for him to hear the girl with him in the shower. John glanced at the door. Why the hell had he not left
John headed to the kitchen to put the kettle on, hoping Lestrage was about to let the conversation die. Lestrade called out his goodbye and the door closed
Sherlock was frozen, his fingers halfway to his mouth, his face slowly brightening like he was stuck halfway through a high. Or an orgasm. The whole room
“It’s not painful,” John replied, knowing that didn’t mean much with the amount of drugs he had in his system. The nurse nodded, noting that, and finished
John glanced over at the sound of Sherlock walking up to him. Damn, the man was handsome but he still managed to look like a drowned rat when put in an
A black van pulled up at the kerb beside him. Mycroft. John closed his eyes. Of course Mycroft knew Sherlock Holmes was alive. Damn them both.
“Your -partner,” John demanded. “-Past -you -use -me. -Now -you -make -partner -mean -something -real.”
"Toes and claws were wrong. I'll teach you later," he promised, and kept an eye out over the sparse trees while Sherlock shoveled out the dense-packed food stache. They reburied it twice as deep.
There was a new scuffmark in the wall paper. Either something or someone had gouged it in going up the stairs – it was skewed upwards, deeper on the higher
"Don't. Stop," Sherlock growled and John beamed at him. Sherlock blinked – that was good? That usually wasn't good. But John moved back over him and
nothing but a towel around him, and he'd picked up on every detail, on John's self-consciousness about his scar, John's determination not to let it bug
Sherlock wondered, walking away to inspect the rest of the alley again. He'd been more comfortable and less aroused by the woman standing utterly naked in
Sherlock had gotten showered and dressed, he realized, finally noticing his normal slacks and buttoned shirt. Sherlock’s hair was dry now - he’d been back
we miss Christmas dinner," Sherlock added. Mycroft scowled at the words. He was probably going to be late, John deduced, huffing out a laugh at their quick
The bear bounced up on its back feet in its last stride, apparently deciding to pound him into the earth. It stood a head taller than him, its fur filling
"Taikuu," he replied, his voice steady and unhurried. Sherlock blinked. He'd heard the word before in this horrid tundra. Some pleasantry, unimportant,
John returned that night with a hunk of frozen meat in his fist – the left thigh of a starving mammal, Sherlock identified immediately, his whirling mind
"Hike!" John shouted, his voice coming out too rough, too angry, and the dogs leaped forward. They knew the path. They remembered where he'd set his traps
ever truly lost it. Mrs. Hudson leaned forward and poured them tea, somehow making the moment a dozen times more awkward.
velcro restraining his left wrist and followed suit, his elbow tugging on its restraint. The tea was over brewed and tepid but he drank it anyway. He had
"Because you hide behind calling yourself a sociopath," she answered, smiling slightly as she leaned back in the booth chair. There was mustard there;
?" Greg asked and John threw his dirty gloves into the nearby wheelie bin. Sherlock was already halfway down the alleyway.
Sherlock glanced up at the middle-aged, balding man who’d approached his table. The man wore a wedding ring, but he dressed in too-long frayed clothing
"I'll do them," Sherlock offered. John's exposed eye snapped open and he stared at him, looking rather concerned. Sherlock scowled back at him. He needed
Lestrade wrote. Sherlock nodded and the D.I pulled a key from his desk and threw it at him. Sherlock started for the case, glad the cabinet was in the
John thought, blushing. He opened his mouth to add..something.. but he didn’t want to talk about pain. And he didn’t want to pretend that the last year had
much blood in the pictures for John to have left enough to be dripping elsewhere and still be alive enough to scream. No, this was different dripping,
"And when will that be?" Sherlock demanded and the guard drew up in pride. He recognized Sherlock but he was still talking to a civvie, John thought.
inscrutable in his eyes. John drew himself up to attention, unsure what else to do beneath that penetrating gaze. Sherlock nodded sharply, as if that had
Sherlock would find a case. If it was within fifty miles, Sherlock would find a case. His guts twisted.
oddly.. protective. A death of a parent would likely do it; though given, it hardly had done for Harry.
"So, an explosion, probably a landmine, within the last six hours, enough to cause skull or acoustic trauma," Sherlock confirmed. Mycroft smiled tightly,
'homeless' over and over but Sherlock nodded sagely like he was doing well. "Probably always on the run from child services," he added.
That wasn't supposed to be important. But it was. Janine inspected the blueprint in front of her, clearly recognizing it.
so grateful to be out of the service in his life. Sherlock pushed against his hands, moving to stand up as he wrapped his hands around John's waist.
"You must find him guilty," Sherlock muttered to himself and closed his eyes. There was little to be gained from going to prison. No, Moriarty would stay
listen in. John shook his head firmly and pushed his fists into his pockets, unsure what more to say to the enigmatic man. "It's good to see you," Mycroft
forward, placing a hand on Sherlock's arm. Sherlock glanced over his face, looking unsure again.
Sherlock wanted to drive his palms into his eyes but John would notice and start asking questions. No, he had to act normally, focus on the
chest ached watching that smile fade as quickly as it'd come, realization taking its place. "I'll drive you back to town in the morning."
"So are you? Back then?" she asked as he cut into his first link of sausage. John looked up to meet her eyes and quickly took a bite of his food. A
“Ugh, the smell is the worst,” Mike complained, and the blowtorch sounded again. “You’re starting to pus,” he said.
patted him on the shoulder again, his gaze locked on John’s bruised face. Something like sympathy, again.
to constellations and their myths. He’d collected them, in his grief, thinking Sherlock had started learning it because he could never be found ignorant,
Sherlock had to admit he'd made an error in his calculations. He'd underestimated by far how much effort learning to talk with his hands would be for John.
Small broken strands of fur were sprinkled on every surface, gray strands that didn't match any of the white and black dogs outside. Sherlock picked one up
"I'll run by his place," she said quickly and he heard the noise of keys fumbling on the other side of the phone.
touch him sometimes, run his hand through his hair, pull him close to his chest. John ran his hand over the gravestone and immediately felt like a fool,
happened, John?’. So John had never had to answer. He’d never met anyone else in the world like that, and didn’t expect to.
"Be right back," Mike excused himself, getting out of the chair and walking around the corner. "It's probably charged up now."
given, that was the only place he’d confirmed no one was targeting him. It wasn't the assassin that kept him in 221B. But if not that, John didn't know
“You clearly know nothing more than that,” Sherlock replied and John couldn’t help but agree when he heard the door bang open, Harry and her drama arriving
He shouldn't have reached for the brandy. John let out a pained groan and squinted his eyes open. He could see some familiar man - the landlord of
"Me neither," he said and John smiled. He had the striking impression Sherlock had just asked him if he wanted to get married, and he'd turned it down. Or,
“So an army doctor. Wow. Did you ever have to…you know..” She said, leaning forward, her eyes gleaming. John swallowed, biting back a harsh rejoinder. Why
Instead, Lestrade’s arm landed around Sherlock’s shoulders and pulled him into a hug. Sherlock froze, his whole body suddenly straight as a nail, making what looked to be a very uncomfortable embrace.
There were piles of papers propping up the couch. John blinked and pushed himself out of his armchair, trying not to think of the idiocy of the madman
a relationship pep talk in the doorway of his bedsit. Sherlock turned back to his phone, presumably typing out his question.
was likely culturally driven. Meaningless, then. Sherlock turned his face back to the approaching hut, desperate for more data. The roof was fuzzy where it
"How dare you throw away the beautiful gifts you were born with?" Molly hissed. John struggled to release his forearms before Sherlock noticed. That wasn't
precise, Mike is going to burn you -" the torturer looked up, waving a hand slightly before he went back to the note "until Sherlock comes for you. Or
Greg giggled again.  “Once, he got so annoyed with Anderson that he snuck into the Yard at night and filled his desk with an ant colony.  It took us weeks to get rid of them all.  We had to hire exterminators and everything.  No idea how he got them in there.”
“Wrong.  I know how you work.  It’s not likely that you’ve told the police what led you here or even where you are.  You may have all the evidence you need, but the police have nothing.  If you were to never leave, how would they ever find me?”
people would have learned to call the police first after ending up in the hospital just once, but Sherlock and John seemed to have a death wish.
Sherlock rolled off the couch and stood up to stretch.  His suit was wrinkled from lying down, and he wondered how long he had been thinking.  It was well past nightfall outside the window, and the coffee table held a plate of untouched, cold pasta.  John again.  The man himself was seated in his armchair, slumped forward, asleep with the case files open on his lap.
“Oh my God.  That makes the time he blew up all the office lightbulbs in the office microwave seem tame.”  They both laughed again before Greg continued.  “I think the weirdest thing I’ve ever seen him do was that time he got picked up as a prostitute by one of the sergeants under Gregson.  He asserted that he was undercover, but he was dressed as a woman – and not a very convincing one.”  Greg laughed for a few more seconds before sobering.  “Then again, I think he was high when that happened.”
John froze mid-duck, surprised.  Even by Sherlock’s standards, that epiphany was quick.  He’d barely been in the room 30 seconds.  Sherlock pivoted and strode back toward the door so fast, that John didn’t register he had even moved until he was ducking under John’s still outstretched arm.  John scrambled after him, while Greg shouted futilely.
flustered by the prospect of seeing the detective.  How had this little infatuation gotten so out of control?  He needed to compose himself before Gregory arrived.  It would not do to convey interest in him unintentionally.
Greg sighed and leaned back in his seat.  He hadn’t been aware of how tense he had been.  Mycroft reached out and poured him a second glass of wine before pouring himself another as well.
“How am I supposed to solve this case if I’m falling asleep every single night, and-”  Sherlock continued ranting.
John’s cheeks tinged pink at that, but he didn’t contradict the statement.  If he had been correct this morning, then Sherlock was likely to be his boyfriend soon anyway.
The press would have the people of London believe that the police played absolutely no role whatsoever in apprehending criminals.  After all, with Sherlock Holmes on the case, there was really nothing for the Yard to do…
Greg acquiesced and turned to leave.  That was clearly the end of the conversation, so John went to sign his discharge papers.  Truthfully, he was tired and home sounded nice.
“As a musician or an actor – anyone who puts on a show – when would you perform without an audience?”  Blank looks from John and Greg met Sherlock’s question.  “When you’re
“Yeah, no worries.  I rarely get the whole weekend off either.  That isn’t really how police-work goes.”  Greg said.
Back at Baker Street, Sherlock sat on one end of the couch, leaning his head over the back and thinking.  No matter how many times he went over the case, no new leads were springing up.  He needed John to say something inspiring.  John was busy ordering Chinese instead.
Oh, hell.  John hadn’t said much this morning about the manner in which they had woken up.  However, Sherlock hadn’t really given him a chance to either.  John was obviously thinking about it when Sherlock had shifted the topic of conversation onto the case.  If Sherlock was lucky, John would simply let it go and never mention it.  Unlikely.  John had a fairly high tolerance for never discussing feelings of any kind, but Sherlock doubted he would dismiss this so easily.  Sherlock had inadvertently shown his hand, and John would care enough to want to understand what that meant.  Of all the nights to be unable to control the impulse to sleep!  Maybe he could avoid this conversation by keeping John distracted.  Forever.
John walked out of the hospital, grinning, and laced his fingers into Sherlock’s.  “Don’t listen to him.  Good for you guys.”
The cab stopping pulled John from his thoughts.  Sherlock jumped out and headed inside the building, leaving John to pay.  He followed Sherlock into the flat moments later and went to stand by Lestrade while Sherlock observed.  There was no body for John to examine, and the scene was deferentially silent, so John found his mind drifting back to Sherlock’s earlier odd behavior.
“Our kidnapper is clever.  He hasn’t left any clues to his identity or whereabouts, but the case is unique.  The peculiar nature of the crimes tells us something about him.  We could surmise what it tells us if we could understand his motive.”  Sherlock took another bite of his dinner.
Sherlock took three quick strides and outpaced John.  He cut him off before he got to the kitchen.  “No.  The doctor told you to rest.  Go sit down.  I’ll bring you the paper and some tea.”
More and more, Sherlock felt drawn to John, as the moonlight seemed to be tonight.  Attraction – normally less complex than affection.  Attraction was basic biology with no need for the convoluted mess of sentiment.  Attraction to John, on the other hand was the definition of messy.  Mutual affection already existed in their relationship.  Any sort of physical relations might be driven by biology, but they necessarily could not avoid the tangle of feelings.  John would not be able to dissociate the physical and the emotional, and Sherlock could not assimilate them.  John needed romance.  Sherlock didn’t do romance.  Even if he could, John had made his position quite clear: “not gay.”
This whole bloody debacle was their fault.  If tweedledum and tweedle-smartass could just keep their goddamn sexual tension out of Greg’s crime scenes…
“Like this morning, Sherlock?  You always put the work first, and I always run after you like a shadow.”  John stood and moved to stand in front of the fireplace.
Sherlock grabbed John’s hand and squeezed gently before leading the way through the ambulance doors.  His message was clear.  The Work was done for now.  The sooner they got patched up, the sooner they could go home.
Greg continued to grumble in the background, but John hurried to keep up with Sherlock.  He had already whipped around the front doorframe by the time John reached the top of the stairs.
Of that scant handful, even fewer could tolerate a Holmes for more than a sentence or two.  The problem lay not in the intelligence gap itself, but in the understanding of it.  To be able to relate to someone requires a modicum of commonality.  The peculiarity of both of the Holmes brothers made establishing such commonality nearly impossible.
He smiled at the thought as he made his way to the waiting room where he found Sherlock talking to Lestrade.  Sherlock had just finished explaining the morning’s events to the DI when John walked up.
“Not at all.  Quite the contrary, actually.  I fear you are the one truly being deprived.  I was going to have to work tonight regardless.  Paperwork is never-ending.  This is much more pleasant.”  Mycroft said.
Sherlock had whirled into the kitchen and immediately begun searching for something to make.  John had been relieved and a bit smug at his ability to manipulate Sherlock into cooking for once.  He had trotted off to the shower.
Mycroft.  Now there was an interesting situation.  Greg had promised himself that he would ask Mycroft out, but the prospect seemed much more intimidating in the light of day.  Mycroft was brilliant.  Maybe even more so than Sherlock.  And he didn’t exactly socialize normally.  Why would he want to date Greg?
John cleared his throat, and Sherlock immediately backed away.  Greg looked between the two, searching for any more signs of what might have been happening a moment before, but both of their expressions were blank and unembarrassed.  Perhaps he had imagined the intensity that had seemed to spark between them.  Even if he hadn’t imagined it, Sherlock was so often melodramatic and ignorant of personal space, that Greg could hardly attribute that look to anything particular.  He tilted his head curiously, but Sherlock spoke before he could ask.
John jogged across the street and turned to keep lookout while Sherlock picked the lock.  Sherlock shouldered his way inside the building and dashed inside without looking.  John bolted inside behind him, but halted when a deep voice ordered “Stop!”
“It’s certainly the location I’d pick, but it’s not the only suitable place for an abduction.  How can you be sure this is it?”
“We have three different memberships.”  Toby said opening a brochure and pointing.  “The regular package grants you access to all the equipment.  The upgrade also includes up to two group classes a week, and the premium offers unlimited group classes.  We also offer a couples discount, if you’re interested.”
Sherlock proceeded efficiently from the office whose window he had broken, into a bland, white hallway.  John followed and began opening doors into equally plain offices.  He was almost convinced they had broken into the building for nothing when Sherlock whispered from down the hall.
Before he could answer that delicate question, the phone on his desk rang.  Mycroft jumped a bit and composed his thoughts before answering.
Mae Harris returned from the kitchen bearing a tray of teacups.  Greg took one gratefully, and John followed his lead.
He had fully expected to spend most of the evening working.  Most curiously, however, his job had not called upon him.  Mycroft could not remember the last time he spent an evening both out of the house and not working.  Running the United Kingdom was, after all, an oppressively busy job, even in the best of times.  Compound that with his kid brother’s uncanny ability to get himself into trouble, and Mycroft rarely saw peace.  The few stolen moments he did snatch were customarily enjoyed in solitude.
“He is.  He’s almost certainly already aware of the cameras.  He’ll just have to-“  Sherlock stopped walking abruptly and looked up at him with the manic gleam in his eyes that he always got right before a chase.  John’s heart raced into double-time.  “John.  That’s it.  He’s clever.  Systematic, but smart.  He’ll follow the pattern, but not to his own detriment.  If he wants to put the girl somewhere she’ll be found, but avoid the cameras, where would he go?  Not her home.”
John sat down, not on the opposite end of the couch, but in the middle next to Sherlock.  They weren't quite touching, but Sherlock could still feel the proximity of John’s leg near his own.  John leaned back into the cushions as he opened his paper, just brushing his shoulder against Sherlock’s.
Sherlock was mumbling discontentedly as he paced through the Jacquelyn Lowe’s flat.  The answer to this riddle was clearly not plain, even to him.  “John, tell me what you see.”
John already accommodated his eccentricities as a friend and flatmate.  Maybe he could also tolerate Sherlock as more.  If he could understand Sherlock’s – admittedly odd – expressions of affection, then it could certainly work.  What was holding him back?  Did he trust John?  Yes.  That was settled then.
Mycroft felt his face flush and prayed Greg and John would not notice.  Nothing could stop Sherlock from seeing, but he had already deduced Mycroft’s feelings anyway.  Well, Sherlock had at least deduced that he was attracted to Greg.  His intimation that Mycroft might be jealous was wholly misplaced.  Nor was he distracted by his feelings.  Such pettiness as jealously was beneath him, and Mycroft maintained enough self-control to decide where to divert his attention.
“Well, since I am so easily distracted, I shall leave the detecting to the professionals.  I’ll be at the embassy, if you need to find me.”  Mycroft said.
John had already curled his legs onto the couch, so Sherlock simply twisted, laying his head back against the arm rest and pulling his legs up in front of John’s.  John’s head came to rest on Sherlock’s chest over his heart.  He pulled the throw blanket off the back of the sofa and spread it over both of them.  An arm draped possessively over John as Sherlock lay his head back again to continue thinking.
Whatever they had been before, Sherlock and John were certainly more than friends now.  Mycroft’s mind spluttered for a second.  Oh dear- they couldn’t be, could they?  For heaven’s sake – they were shagging!  Did Sherlock even know what sex was?  Oh God – no, he shouldn’t be thinking about this.  Sherlock would know he had deduced it from one glance.  He would have deduced it sooner too if he hadn’t been so distracted.  Did John always have to be so obvious?
John looked around the area.  There was no sign of a scuffle here, but there were several CCTV cameras.  John turned to point them out, but Sherlock was already dialing a number on his phone.
He gently eased Sherlock’s arm from around his shoulder and pushed up on the elbow that was trapped beneath him.  Sherlock was lying on his back, blocking John’s escape, so John carefully reached his free, left arm over Sherlock and shifted part of his weight onto it.  Then, he moved his left leg, hoping to put his knee on the edge of the sofa before he shifted again.  His knee missed the cushion completely, however, and John suddenly found himself sprawled over a very startled Sherlock.
Anything was possible at this point, but there was no point dedicating valuable processing speed to unfounded potentialities.  Nothing more could be done, at least until he read the files.
John leaned forward in his chair.  “Sherlock, what do you think I’m expecting?  I know you.  You’re a complete dickhead pretty much all of the time.  I’m not expecting that to change.  In fact, as crazy as it makes me sound, I would be a bit disconcerted if it did change.”
Sherlock’s brain had abandoned him the instant he realized John was bleeding.  He had spent the rest of the morning with John’s name playing on repeat in his head.  A glitch – infinite recursion.  The volume of the broken audio track seemed to be inversely proportional to his proximity to John.  As long as he stayed by John’s side, it remained a muffled background noise, but the damn nurses had kicked him out of the room.  In the waiting room, his mind had practically been screaming.
“It’s a bloody useless threat if we can’t tell what they’re threatening.”  Greg looked between Sherlock and John, clearly hoping for answers.
Sherlock had certainly succeeded in the last few years.  Perhaps he had not established a romantic partnership, but his relationship with John was more than that of mere colleagues.  He treated Greg as more than a simple business transaction too, and Mrs. Hudson was no more Sherlock’s landlord than their mother had been.  Sherlock had friends.
Maybe then, they wouldn’t fail.  Maybe it was possible to date a Holmes after all, and if they were going to succeed, then that was clearly the better choice.  Greg hoped they were smart enough to take the chance.  It would be about time.
John allowed himself a moment to bask in the notion that Sherlock cared about him enough for all that to be true, but then he dismissed the thought.  Whatever Sherlock’s game was, it was certainly not caring for John’s comfort.
“I would have kept you up to date.”  John said.  “You clearly have an interest in this, the ambassador’s daughter and all.  Not all of us let brotherly grudges interfere in our work.”  John looked at Sherlock as he finished talking with that same warmly amused regard, and the realization hit Mycroft like a train.
“Not to worry, Detective.  I’m happy to help your investigation in any way I can, especially if someone else is in danger.  You can come by this morning if that works for you.  How about nine?” She said.
It was turning into a hellishly long day.  Greg sighed as he contemplated the paperwork piled on his desk.  The coming weekend had seemed so promising only yesterday when his team had found that kidnapping victim unharmed.  The relief and adrenaline of the success had faded quickly, however when Greg began the paperwork.
“Miss Harris, yes.  I’m sorry to bother you.  We’re concerned that your case is related to another kidnapping that we’re dealing with.  We’d like to take another look around your flat, if that’s alright with you.  We’ve brought a consultant in on your case, and he’ll most likely want to speak with you as well.  I understand if you’re uncomfortable, but…”
“We can have a list within the hour.  I can also have personnel prepared to assist your force tonight.  The second victim vanished the same day the first reappeared, so tonight may be critical.”  Mycroft said.
After Greg’s explanation, Sherlock sat back into his own armchair and steepled his fingers under his chin, already lost in thought.  John interjected with a question instead.
He discarded the newspaper before standing.  He approached Sherlock calmly, but the ridiculous smirk never left his face.  After two paces, Sherlock looked up, and their eyes finally met.  John’s were filled with amusement that didn’t quite conceal layers of hope, nervousness, and determination underneath.  Sherlock felt certain his were filled with terror.
The warmth in John’s chest rendered him temporarily unable to breathe.  He immediately abandoned any doubts.  It had been a hell of a long time since he’d even considered being with a bloke.  Not since uni, but Sherlock wasn’t just anyone.  He was his best friend.  His crazy, ridiculous, utterly bizarre best friend.  The urge to reach out and pull Sherlock into his arms threatened to overwhelm John.  He almost laughed at how ridiculously strong the compulsion was.  He was considering the best way to make Sherlock stop pacing long enough to kiss him when Sherlock’s words caught up with him.
In the end John was subjected to a complete – though he had to admit standard – neurological evaluation.  Sherlock annoyed Dr. Hardy so much in the process that the hospital staff banished him to the waiting room.
He jabbed his fingers at the small screen typing out a text to Sherlock.  Then he sent another one to John apologizing.  They were supposed to go down to the pub tonight.  It looked like they were more likely to be working together instead.
John gave an odd, grunting snore and twitched a bit in his sleep.  A smile tugged at one corner of Sherlock’s mouth in spite of himself.  Was waking John up too overtly affectionate?  Maybe.  He considered simply slamming his bedroom door as he left.  It would probably wake John, but waking an army veteran with sudden, loud noises seemed somehow cruel.
“Don’t worry, Greg.  It is late, and I won’t be offended in the least if you go home now.  Truthfully, I should go as well, though this has been a most pleasant evening.”
John just sighed.  “Sherlock, I do not have a concussion.  I just need stitches to stop the bleeding.”
“Because my brother hates me and isn’t likely to do anything I ask?  Because I hate him and just don’t want to?  Because it is your job and you’re being paid to do it?  But mostly because I need to take John home so he can rest."
“It’s possible.”  Mycroft said taking a sip of his wine.  “Being on the receiving end of Sherlock’s rather wrathful brand of enthusiasm is quite frightening.”
Sherlock’s mouth fell open for a fraction of a second.  John seemed oblivious, but Sherlock knew to what Mycroft was referring.  “What could possibly distract me?  I have everything I want.  You, on the other hand, dear brother, could be distracted by the right piece of cake if it walked by at an inopportune moment.”  Sherlock inclined his head in Lestrade’s direction on the word “cake.”
At seven o’clock, Greg found himself following a pretty young woman through a very posh Italian restaurant to a relatively private booth in the back.  Mycroft was already seated facing the front of the building.  Only one other table was visible from there, and it was occupied – rather suspiciously – by three men in non-descript black suits.  Well, this was going to be an interesting evening.
“I’m sorry to bother you, Mr. Holmes, especially on a Sunday, but we have reason to suspect that someone is planning a high-level kidnapping.  The Yard doesn’t have the intel or the resources to properly cover the range of potential victims.”  Lestrade said.
“I’m afraid I can’t stay long.  I need to see the ambassador – calm nerves as much as possible.  I know Sherlock will forget to update me, however.”  Mycroft shot a glare at his brother.
Sherlock turned to him and kneeled down to offer John a leg up, which allowed John to clamber through the window without cutting his hands.  Once inside, John immediately pulled his gun from his lower back and cleared the room.  Only then did he turn to offer Sherlock his hand to pull him though as well.
The gym was a dead-end.  Maybe Lestrade had found a new lead in the meantime.  Hopefully.  If not, they were back to where they had started.
Greg reached for his phone, snagging it off the corner of his desk as he got up and headed toward the break room for coffee.  If the cases were related, they were looking at a serial kidnapper.  One on which they had no leads and no suspects.  This was right up Sherlock’s alley.
A sigh escaped Mycroft’s lips before he pressed the answer button.  “Inspector Lestrade.  How delightful to hear from you.”
He chased the elusive relation through his mind for a while.  After completely reviewing the case files twice, however, Sherlock admitted defeat.  If there was such a person, he or she was not mentioned in any of the information to which Sherlock currently had access.  Hopefully tomorrow he could speak with the first victim.  She was their best bet for understanding who connected the pair.
Exasperated, Sherlock frogmarched John to his chair and forced him to sit.  He returned to the kitchen to finish the tea, stirring sugar into his own.  John’s fingers lingered against Sherlock’s as he accepted the teacup and newspaper, and Sherlock could feel his eyes widen in response.  Distance.  He needed distance.  He turned hastily and retreated to the sofa.
would be like, and dismissed the idea.  Terrifying.  That was the only word for it.  Even just to live in the same flat as Sherlock much less date him.  John was a braver man than he.
John nodded, and they turned down an alley.  Sherlock jumped for the ladder and immediately started to climb.  John followed as quickly as possible to avoid being left behind on the street.  On the first landing, Sherlock peered into the window.  His long fingers pried at the window sill, but the window didn’t budge.  It was either locked tight or sealed permanently.  Without hesitating, Sherlock shattered the window pane with his wool-covered elbow.  The old glass gave way easily, but John still cringed at the bruise that he knew would appear there later.
Someone who knows – and cares for – both women angers the abductor.  The abductor then kidnaps the women to cause distress to their mutual acquaintance, but minimizes the distress to the women themselves.
“If you wanted to be absolutely sure you could get away with a serious crime, how would you test yourself?”  More blank looks.  “Commit a similar, but less egregious crime.  That way, if you are caught, the punishment is less severe.  Rape, assault, extortion, murder; all these regularly accompany the charge of kidnapping.  That’s what made our kidnapper unique.  He was
There it was again.  John’s apparent physical comfort with Sherlock.  Was it possible that John really wanted Sherlock too?  Conceivable, but it didn’t matter.  Any attempt at a relationship would fall apart as soon as John realized that Sherlock would not be any less difficult as a lover than he was as a friend.
Mycroft pulled out his phone and tapped out a text to Anthea.  She would procure a list of the most likely targets for him.
He opted to calmly place the report back on his desk instead of throwing it, and then headed to the restroom.  The problem was, of course, that he
With nothing else to do but wait, Greg looked around again for Sherlock and John.  He pulled his phone out of his coat pocket to check for a reply, but the screen was blank so he dialed Sherlock’s number.  When it went to voicemail, Greg hung up and dialed John instead.  Sherlock might often be too distracted or stroppy to bother answering, but John rarely failed to answer his phone.
Squatting down in front of John, Sherlock put a hand on his shoulder, his face breaking with concern.
“Our kidnapper is prudent, it seems, but the woman was taken from here.  Scuffs on the lock from a clumsy lock-pick suggest a forced entry.  There’s a ring of dust on this table.  Someone knocked over a vase or a lamp, probably during a struggle.  Your team will likely find the broken pieces in the garbage.  Our victim left her coat and purse on the hooks by the door as well.  Clearly she didn’t leave of her own free will.  Unfortunately that tells us nothing about the perpetrator or where our victim might be now.  I’ll need all the case files and everything we know about both victims.  When can I see the other flat?” Sherlock said.
Mycroft sat resolutely and opened a report on new Canadian gun regulations.  He read the first page and only realized at the bottom that he had yet to take in a single word of it.  A second attempt met the same failure.  After his third attempt, Mycroft was ready to throw the report at the wall.
“That would be brilliant.  Do most couples come at the same time?  Only, I’m really more of a morning person, and this one,” John gestured at Sherlock, “prefers lunchtime or evening work outs.”
Both Greg and John looked momentarily confused, as if they were not entirely sure what had passed between the brothers, but certain that
“Sherlock, you know that isn’t what I meant.  If you’re referring to the exploding eggs, then don’t worry about it.  I’ve seen worse messes, today even.  I should have known better than to try to get you to cook.”
Sherlock pushed the send button before stowing his phone back in a coat pocket.  “No.”  He turned down the alley and headed toward the far end.  John spluttered before kicking himself back into action and hurrying after Sherlock.
The conversation continued surprisingly easily and amicably as Greg and Mycroft ordered and ate.  The shared hellishness of their work schedules gave them both plenty of fodder for complaints and mutual sympathy.  The talk remained strictly professional, however.  Neither man relaxed until Mycroft’s phone rang.
“Maybe we aren’t the ones at whom the threat is directed.  Maybe someone else understands it.”  Sherlock said.
A cheerful waitress appeared and took their drink orders.  To Greg’s great surprise, Mycroft ordered a bottle of wine.
For those of you who may have been wondering when Mycroft was going to appear, the answer is soon. :)
The Prime Minister of Croatia droned on about the importance of establishing an annual joint military exercise with the United Kingdom, while Mycroft made a stoic attempt to appear attentive.  Nothing that happened in this meeting stood the remotest chance of affecting the policies of either nation, and Mycroft had more interesting things to think about anyway.
A knock on the door made Greg’s head snap up, and Sally pushed the door open.  “Sorry to bother you, Lestrade, but we’ve just had a report come in.  Another young woman reported missing, a Miss Jacquelyn Lowe.  Same area as the last one.  Could be a coincidence, but…”
“Detective Inspector?”  A nurse interrupted Greg’s thoughts.  “You’re waiting for Mr. Holmes and Dr. Watson, correct?  They’re getting patched up now.  They’ll be done momentarily.”
Sherlock bolted off the couch, crossed the room, and perched himself precariously on the edge of his chair.
Suggesting that Sherlock make lunch was evidently not an appropriate response to his boredom.  He had declared cooking “dull” promptly.  John had responded with a challenge.  He could hear it now.
Sherlock most certainly did not need to rest.  He slept four hours last night.  That was more than enough, but John did need sleep.  John’s health and comfort was the first priority.  Besides, he could think just as easily at home as here, better even.  Lestrade and Donovan didn’t object either, so they bade each other goodnight and headed in three different directions for home.
Greg laughed.  “You’re not kidding.  Has he ever told you about the time he changed all the Yard’s ringtones to ‘Dumb All Over’ because I refused to ask him for help on a case?”
That didn’t make it a date however.  Nothing happened to indicate any sort of romantic or sexual intentions.  Therefore it hadn’t been a date.  No matter how badly Mycroft wanted it to be.
The case had been over too quickly.  It left the documentation looking suspiciously blank.  The young woman had reappeared in her own home with no visible injuries and no memories after being missing for three days.  It was bloody lucky that Greg had sent Anderson to recheck the apartment for missed evidence, or the poor girl would have woken up before anyone had even found her.
Lestrade looked hopeful when he saw Sherlock and John walk in the door.  Even Donovan only glared half-heartedly.
Greg sighed and looked at the clock.  At least the injuries were relatively minor this time.  Greg’s team had arrived just in time.  He didn’t even want to think about how much worse the situation could have been if Mycroft hadn’t called.
“Uh, in that case, it’s Greg.”  Greg sat and pulled his menu towards him.  “I got the info you sent over earlier.  Only five likely victims.  That’s a reasonable number for our teams to look after for tonight.”
No, an ephemeral attraction to his flatmate was not worth mentioning to Greg.  Sherlock had long since made his feelings on the matter plain.  He was not interested in John.  Any fleeting desire John saw was only wishful thinking.  John’s uncertainty about what he wanted was therefore irrelevant.  It had simply been an odd day.  That was all.  A case would return them to their usual patterns.
The other members of the conference stood up and began making their way to the door.  The meeting was over, apparently.  Mycroft could not even surmise what the resolution might have been.  He would ask Anthea.  She was in attendance with him, and it was not the first time he had spent an uninteresting meeting thinking about more important issues.  She would assume he had been lost in contemplation about nuclear arms treaties and terrorist cells, and he would not rob her of that impression.
Still, he had answered Lestrade’s questions with relative patience.  It had only become possible to really think again once John joined them.
Mycroft stopped laughing.  In the instant after his face fell from amusement and before it became carefully constructed and blank, Greg saw his eyebrows furrow.  There was sadness there.  Pain at some long-buried memories of his little brother.  Greg knew from experience that Sherlock was not an easy person to love.  He was an impossible person to protect.
“Yeah!  I didn’t know they were a couple.  They always come at different times.  Mae is always one of the first customers in the mornings, and Jackie comes a couple times a week at lunchtime.”
Sherlock’s enthusiasm for the case was obvious.  Greg wondered as he climbed into the police cruiser why, then, he and John hadn’t responded to his earlier calls and texts for help.  They had clearly been busy doing something when he arrived, something he had interrupted.  The question was what?  The vision of Sherlock leaning over John as he sat in the chair flared in Greg’s memory.  The tension between the pair seemed visceral at times, despite all John’s protests about his heterosexuality.
At the very least, he could resolve to lead by example and not bring it up himself.  His first priority was John’s health and well-being, anyway.
Perhaps Greg shouldn’t have so easily dismissed the desire he had seen between them yesterday.  They weren’t fawning over each other, but Greg couldn’t imagine Sherlock fawning over anyone to be fair.  A bit of awkwardness hovered in the air separating them, instead.  They probably weren’t shagging yet, but their relationship seemed poised on the edge of a precipice whether they knew it or not.
No.  This was stupid.  Greg was letting the whole Sherlock-John thing (which he wasn’t even sure was really happening) mess with his head.  Yes, he had asked out Mycroft Holmes on some truly bizarre whim, but there was no indication that Mycroft was aware that the dinner was a date.  That meant that it didn’t have to actually
Stroud looked ready to continue the struggle, but sirens announcing the arrival of the police seemed to change his mind.  A moment later, Lestrade burst through the door, and two officers moved forward to make the arrest, while Donovan rushed to the back to untie Melanie Holloway.
“We’d know already.  The gym opens at five.  The kidnapper would have had to place her there before it opened.  Our friend Toby would have found her by now and called the police.  No.  We need to get to Miss Lowe’s office.  Now.”
Sooner than Sherlock anticipated, the food arrived.  John plopped down next to Sherlock on the sofa and arranged one of the take away containers in front of him.
Sherlock cocked his head to the side curiously.  “You’d pick here?”  He diverted his eyes from the alley itself and looked around the entrance.  “I suppose it provides good cover, but that’s not how I came to my conclusion.  The cover is likely only to cause difficulties for us, since CCTV won’t be available.  No, look at the trash cans.  They’ve been overturned.  There are scuff marks on the pavement as well.  There was a struggle here.  There’s even a convenient blood smear on the wall.”
“It’s okay, Sherlock.  I figured it out this morning.  I suppose I really should have seen it coming.  I mean, everyone else did.”  He said.
John and Sherlock disappeared into a cab, and Greg turned back to Mycroft, who was trying admirably to pretend he wasn’t blushing.  “So what do you say?  Dinner?”
Mycroft turned and strode back out the automatic doors.  Greg followed anxiously.  In the cool night air, Mycroft handed him a cigarette and offered up a light.  Greg took a drag before turning to Mycroft.
Greg Lestrade was an ideal candidate for a social relationship, with the possible exception that he already maintained a certain amount of loyalty to Sherlock.  Still, Greg understood the quirks of Sherlock well enough, so there was certainly potential for him to be as understanding of Mycroft.  He also fit nicely into the small category of people who might understand the weight his job.  After all, the police held lives in their hands daily, though perhaps on a smaller scale than he himself did, and Mycroft had certainly enjoyed Lestrade’s company.  He had long forgotten how stress-relieving socializing could be.
Now that Sherlock had pointed it out, it seemed obvious and glaring to John.  Sherlock pulled out his phone, took a few photos, and dashed off a text message.  John looked at him inquiringly.
Lestrade shrugged in acknowledgement of John’s point, but Sherlock it seemed was not concerned by the impossible feat.  “The question is not how.  It’s why,” he said.  And with that, he was on his feet and striding toward the door.  He was pulling on his coat and scarf by the time John and Greg realized he had moved.
Mycroft barely suppressed another sigh.  He wished Lestrade would stop calling him “Mr. Holmes.”  They’d known each other for years and worked together quite well.  There was no call for such formalities.  Why did the DI never call with good news?
“Mycroft, please.  It’s a pleasure, as always.”  Mycroft said sliding gracefully back onto his seat.  Damn that signature Holmes grace.  It left Greg feeling like a particularly uncultured chimpanzee.
John slammed the taxi door behind him and followed Sherlock up the steps of another Victorian-style apartment building.  Melanie Holloway’s apartment was situated at the top of a flight of stairs, much like 221B.  The living room buzzed with activity already as Lestrade, Donovan, and the forensics team set up an investigation.  John watched Sherlock duck under the police tape and step confidently into the room.
John remained in place just long enough to see Sherlock whip out his phone and begin to text – Lestrade probably.  John dashed for the stairs.  He threw on the nearest set of clothes and grabbed his Sig from the top of his dresser.  The game was on.  By the time he made it back down the stairs, Sherlock had already changed and was pulling on his coat.  He gave John a serious look, as if to ask if he was ready.  John nodded, and they hurried out the door without another word.
This was ridiculous.  Adolescent drama was decades in Greg’s past.  He was married and divorced, for God’s sake!  He could ask Mycroft out on a simple date.  No problem.
Greg followed Sherlock and John out of the flat and watched them get in a cab headed toward the gym in question.  He climbed into his own car and steered toward New Scotland Yard.  Maybe, just maybe, the team had dug up something new, and they could all catch a break.
He tried to think about the case for a while, but his last thoughts before drifting off to sleep focused blearily on how warm and comfortable John’s body felt against his own.  He sleepily nuzzled his nose into John’s hair.  Sherlock felt safe.  Home.
“Go directly to Ambassador Holloway.”  He told her.  “Assure him that we are doing everything we can to help his daughter and that I will be there personally as soon as I have ensured that Scotland Yard’s best are on the case.  Comfort him as best you can.  You know what to do.”
“Holmes,” she said, nodding, and John turned to see Sherlock nodding back - though his eyes were almost comically wide as he took in her green hair. “It’s not permanent, you muppet,” she laughed, correctly interpreting his alarm, and he nodded again, apparently satisfied.
“You don’t have any other work to do,” John said, and he sounded annoyed as well. “Just stay and listen, will you?” Sherlock tugged his arm again but John still didn’t let go, so Sherlock started prying at his fingers with his own.
John rolled his eyes, padded back down the stairs. He leaned on the doorframe to the living room, where Sherlock was sitting sideways in his chair and typing on his computer.
“No thanks,” he heard himself say, stalking closer to Sherlock who regarded him with a sort of daring curiosity. He stopped directly in front of him, smelled that cologne again, then found the courage to smirk a little seductively himself. He reached one hand around Sherlock's back quickly, and before he could second-guess it, gave his bum cheek a firm pinch that had Sherlock squealing a little theatrically and hop once in place. Sherlock looked at John, shocked, but with darkening eyes and a new flush to his cheeks that was nothing to do with the alcohol. “We won’t be needing your help,” John said absently in the direction of Ginger, but he couldn’t even be bothered to see if the other man had heard. The stranger was now completely irrelevant, as those wide, intelligent and mischievous eyes zero-ed in on John’s mouth and lingered there. John could hear their friends whooping and hollering from over in the corner at their table, but could pay them no mind, as he automatically licked his lips while looking up at Sherlock’s captivating face.
“We’re off,” he said stoutly, trying to cut off all the impending comments. He threw the Belstaff towards Sherlock then grabbed his jacket.
“You as well,” he said, and made his retreat. He grabbed his keys and coat and was out the door before anything else could be said, heart thumping erratically. He would go to Bart’s and busy himself with some experiment or another. Maybe Molly would be there and have some interesting body parts he could examine. Even catching up on his notes would be preferable to sitting in his own home at his own dining room table with John and his
“Oh. Well, yeah, it’s for St. Patrick’s Day. You’ve usually gone into hiding already,” John said, recovering. “And you should be wearing something green, too.”
He stepped away, and John didn’t stop him. Didn’t even look at him. Bailey had a calculating expression as she watched John and was apparently unfazed, but as she turned to Sherlock it morphed into something like… concern.
“Hmm, I don’t know… are the two hours up yet?” he asked, low and sultry. Somehow, he seemed to draw even nearer to John, though his feet didn’t move.
After using the toilet and washing up, he took himself back to his bed and sat down with purpose. He lay back on his bed carefully, in control, arranging each limb just-so and steepling his hands under his chin. He just needed to store all of this away, that’s all there was to it. Store it away, just like he had every other time a reporter had asked them what they were doing for Valentine’s Day, or when Donovan would leer and spout innuendos. Stow away the sound of disgust and exasperation in John’s voice as he shouted his repetitive denials - to Molly, to Anderson, to Lestrade. He locked it away now, along with the shame he had felt every time John squirmed with embarrassment - shame at being exactly the thing that John was so adamant he was not, that John was so annoyed at being called, that John was so angry at the mere suggestion that he might be…
“People?” he asked uneasily, looking around at all the strangers in their different groups. The pub was already rowdy, and it appeared many had been there drinking for quite some time.
“How did they know that the cash was forged, if it’s only identifiable as the ink degrades?” he wondered out loud. “And where did the victim’s family get the forged notes?”
“John!” Sherlock said, sounding so genuinely pleased that John couldn’t help but smile back. “Liam here was just telling me all about St. Patrick,” he said, words slurring a little. Ginger smiled, but it was a thin smile. He was obviously not too happy to have been interrupted.
“Here,” Sherlock called, then his door banged open and he emerged, fiddling with his jacket cuffs. He was wearing his aubergine shirt and one of his suits, and when he reached around John to get his coat, John got a heady whiff of his sandalwood cologne that never failed to get his heart thumping.
“Hmm, yes… well no one ever accused me of being a fast-mover in these matters,” Sherlock mused, but he was still smiling. “Though, I must admit, if you hadn't gone for the pinching thing, I was going to have to take more drastic action.” He raised one hand, and as if by magic a black cab pulled into the street and drove towards them.
John’s whole table stopped laughing, and he could feel them tense up, ready to spring into action as they probably all thought the same thing; oh,
Sherlock almost walked into one such couple as he lost focus for a second, consulting his internal map of London.
The groups and couples moving around him were mainly men. Yes there were a few women scattered around, but predominantly, it was men. Men who were dressed up for a night on the town. Groups, singles, couples…
“God, yes,” John groaned, sliding his hands up Sherlock’s chest, to the sides of his neck, and pulling him firmly down. Sherlock met him eagerly; all soft, pliant lips that smiled even as they moved against John’s.
“You can go home,” John explained, stepping closer to the bar and raising his voice. “I’m sorry I dragged you here. You can leave, it’s OK.” He smiled to make sure Sherlock could see he was being sincere, but Sherlock only blinked in response. He looked around the pub once more, seemed to think it over, then shook his head.
Sherlock yelped in surprise as Greg grabbed his hand and twisted the skin on the back of it, laughing like a little kid. Sherlock pulled his hand back and rubbed it, obviously shocked at this behavior. He even took a step back from the table, blinking quickly, and suddenly John didn’t find it quite so funny.
“This news story - come on, have a look,” John insisted, now pulling on Sherlock’s arm so that he had to step closer. Sherlock reluctantly leaned forward and got his face close enough to be able to read from the screen.
The laughter and joking continued. The fourth member of their group, a pretty woman with short hair, occasionally joined in with what appeared to be a sharper wit (at least by their body language), but whatever she said couldn’t have been too cutting as it was accepted along with everything else. In fact, John seemed more interested in whatever it was she was saying than Faiz and his companion. John and the woman frequently turned towards each other, John asking questions and hanging on her every word… So was it a date, or wasn’t it? People didn’t go on dates in groups… did they?
“My round,” he said expansively, and there was a little cheer from Greg and Molly. “Anything for you, John?”
“I mean you were out with your army friends - no doubt drinking excessively, talking about sports, chatting up women…” Though the last part might have been true… it had been too hard to tell from that distance what exactly was going on between John and the young woman…
The streets were becoming more crowded as they went on at their slowed pace, and Sherlock felt more and more morose. John was going on a date, in a crowded place, full of happy couples no doubt, and he obviously cared a lot about the outcome based on his outfit and how he had spent time on his hair…
*** Edited to add: as this chapter is from John's POV, I purposefully messed up Bailey's pronouns in a couple places. He's still struggling, but he'll get there.
“Ah, but you didn’t see the best part yet,” John said with a grin. He clicked open a different tab, where there was another news article about a botched trade to end a kidnapping. Apparently the criminals had demanded cash, but on receiving what they recognized as forged notes had opened fire on the police and tried to leave again with their hostage. The police had prevailed and the hostage was now safe, but…
He went to continue on past John’s chair, but then John’s hand darted out and grabbed him by the sleeve.
The lie had floated down the stairs and into Sherlock’s ears, somehow transferring through his sinuses to his nose and throat and getting a chokehold on his vocal chords. The lie silenced him, and he had moved on autopilot into the kitchen.
“Hey, at least it’s better than some people,” John said, nodding at Sherlock and grinning. Sherlock had just taken off his Belstaff, and their group erupted in a chorus of boos at seeing his regular clothes.
“You left me on the street, again, remember? We had a big row about it when I got home?” John said, a bit exasperated.
It was exhausting, holding himself so still all the time, pouring himself into this rigid mould that didn’t show any cracks or signs of wear. It had been a lot easier before John ever came into his life, difficult when he had, and was starting to feel downright impossible the longer their friendship went on. Sherlock wanted to… to… move. Fling his arms out, twirl his fingers, spin in place, all those things he used to do all the time when he was alone but had toned down for John’s sake. All those things that he had slowly eradicated from his physical personality the longer they had known each other, in order to be a better… friend? In order to fit in with what John said he wanted. What John said he
“I see,” he said slowly, pale eyes flickering around the crowded room. “Well, I told you - I don’t own anything green.”
John’s knees actually wobbled as he let out another embarrassing whine, and Sherlock laughed, loud and long, as he maneuvered John into the cab - then on towards Baker Street, and to bed.
“Hmm? Oh, yes. It was nothing, just a little pinch,” Sherlock said nonchalantly. The table relaxed, but John found himself looking at Sherlock’s empty glass and trying to remember just how many rum and cokes his friend might have had. Three? Four? As if reading his mind, Sherlock chuckled and then stood up again.
He took off his suit jacket, revealing the slim-cut purple shirt that John loved so much, and rolled up his shirt sleeves. John gaped at him as he pushed his way back into the crowd.
“Ah - OK hang on I’ll see if I’ve got something…” John said, turning to go back to his room and starting to mentally sift through his clothes.
Something hot and painful suddenly flashed over Sherlock’s skin, and he dropped his hands and stepped away from the window with a gasp. He felt… ashamed. Ashamed to be standing out here, spying on his friend, watching him interact with these people with a longing so strong that it could have melted the glass that separated them if he had stood there any longer. He staggered backwards, almost knocking over a passing man who gave him a cautious look and then a wide berth at whatever he saw on Sherlock’s face. Sherlock could not even begin to guess what it might be.
“Alright that’s enough,” he told the table sternly, putting a hand up. Donovan grumbled a bit, but they all smiled good naturedly. Molly looked a bit concerned, but John shook his head slightly as he turned to Sherlock.
“Good morning!” John said brightly when Sherlock finally convinced himself to leave his room. He looked decidedly chipper, and a door rattled in the mind palace before Sherlock was able to throw some more locks on it. He hummed non-committedly in reply, heading for his laptop. Hopefully there would have been some kind of grisly murder overnight that he could focus his attention on.
“It wasn’t the attention of drunkards that made me want you,” Sherlock said, clearly. John looked back at him, and realized Sherlock was not exactly as drunk as he had been looking earlier. He felt himself blushing, but went back to Sherlock and grabbed his lapels, pulling him down for another slow, heated kiss. He let his tongue move once over Sherlock’s plump lower lip before he forced himself to stop - or else they were going to be getting arrested outside a pub with their police friends sitting inside - rather embarassing. Sherlock made a displeased little noise, and John chuckled.
“Someone has been using a new graphic design software to forge banknotes,” he said after a moment, frowning. Making counterfeit notes was a crime from the past, not something really attempted these days what with modern anti-forgery methods. “And they’re only being identified as the ink degrades…”
Mike was banging the table by now, tears of laughter streaming down his face, and Molly didn’t seem to be doing much better. Sherlock had disappeared off to the gents, but just then John hear a commotion from behind.
,” John said, and though Sherlock understood all of the words that were spoken, the actual content eluded him.
“Home?” he asked, aware of the whine in his voice as he ran his hands down Sherlock’s arms to grab his hands. Sherlock looked dazed - a little drunk, a lot happy - and John could barely wait to get him home.
John Watson… was out for drinks with friends, just as he had said. It was just… Sherlock had not known that he had these kinds of friends.
He seemed very nervous, almost bouncing in place with the energy of it. Sherlock watched as a couple drew John’s attention. Very obviously drunk, they all but fell out of the pub and started walking along the street, holding each other up and groping each other at the same time. Sherlock found his own attention drawn as well. The couple looked… well, disastrous as only young drunk men who think they will live forever can look. But also… happy.
“Hey, remember the party tomorrow night,” John called down the stairs from his room. He was just heading to bed after a nice calm evening in 221B when he remembered that he would need to nudge his antisocial flatmate into attending.
Sherlock was just about to stop and turn back in a last act of self-preservation, when something that had been nagging the back of his mind finally made itself properly known - yes the streets were more crowded, yes there were happy couples, but there was something... different…
To John’s increasing agitation, it turned out that Donovan was right. The crowd moved, and John was able to see through to where they were both standing at the bar. Donovan appeared to be ordering a round of shots (if the tray was anything to go by), and Sherlock was talking animatedly to her about something, when a young woman in the queue darted forward and pinched him on the elbow, laughing hysterically. And Sherlock just… laughed back! Like he wasn’t upset, like it was all fine - like it was fun! As John watched, more people in the queue joined in, apparently emboldened by Sherlock being such a good sport, and Sherlock just carried on laughing. He even chatted with some of them, head at an angle - looking through his lashes - and John felt a little bit ill.
he thought, then attempted to squash his inner voice before it drove him completely mad - not that he wasn’t halfway there already these days.
it a date, then? Was that why John had reacted so strongly to the question before? Sherlock’s heart sank as he recalled the last time John had put so much effort into his appearance…
There were more little glances and smiles when Sherlock was working on his experiments. He paused for longer when handing something to Sherlock, he sat a little closer when they watched the TV. He bumped Sherlock’s shoulder with his shoulder, Sherlock’s knees with his knees. He laughed more often, and for longer. He found things to brush off Sherlock’s shoulders, and even on one heart-stopping occasion something to pull gently out of the back of Sherlock’s hair.
“Scintillating,” Sherlock said while opening his laptop. “A veritable feast of facts and information - though hardly able to compete with what you were getting up to.”
“Look at what?” he asked, flexing his fingers where they were being held tantalizingly close to John’s.
“You could go over there,” Greg suggested, speaking into John’s ear so the others couldn’t listen in.
“Whoah there, soldier,” Greg suddenly said, grabbing John’s arm. “What’s the matter, you look like you’re going to… oh.” It seemed Greg had now also spotted what was going on by the bar.
turned out not to be, as Sherlock assumed, one of his patients or someone he had met in university; but instead was the pretty young lady from
“Oh, leave him alone. He finally starts acting like a human being, and you’re going to get on his case about it?” She took a large swig of her own beer to finish it off, then hopped off her stool. “Let him have some fun - trust me, there are plenty of people in here who can’t
“You want to stay here, to get pinched?” John asked, incredulous. The swoop of anger running through him was rapidly turning into acid, at the thought that Sherlock actually wanted the attention of all these drunken idiots, for once.
), and not only did John not go very still and quiet, the way he did when he was very angry… but he chuckled, and blushed.
John had at least calmed down when Sherlock had reminded him of that fact, though Sherlock almost hadn’t dared. And should he have to remind John that they were friends? Didn’t John remember?
“Why not?” John asked, confused. Sherlock never wanted to stay at these things later than he did - that was if he even turned up at all.
“Oh don’t worry you’re definitely special,” John said coyly, and suddenly Sherlock wanted to be anywhere in the world but there.
Unfortunately for John Watson, his best friend Sherlock Holmes was many things. Consulting detective. Genius.
John set a brisk pace off through the London streets, and Sherlock was able to follow him with minimal effort at remaining out of sight for about twenty minutes. He had forgone his usual Belstaff, instead opting for a shorter grey sport coat to ward off the chill and disguise his usual silhouette. John kept looking at his phone, no doubt following directions, but after twenty minutes he slowed considerably. Sherlock was able to see him more clearly as he stopped outside a shop, the lights from within illuminating him enough to see what he was wearing - dark blue jeans, leather brown loafers, a new shirt Sherlock had never seen before, and his black jacket with the leather details.
Officer Faiz Hussein, the new policeman in Lestrade’s team who appeared to at least have a few brain cells to bang together - unlike the rest of them. Was… was John here on a
“I told you, you’re supposed to wear green - some people wear green underwear and flash people all night,” he said. Sherlock looked at him like he was speaking a foreign language.
“I’ll come back to your flat and pinch you,” Ginger leered from the bar, and John had suddenly had just about enough.
He had to stop for a minute and lean against a lamp post as a roll of nausea welled up from his stomach.
“And say, oi, hands off my man,” Greg said, a bit of a laugh in his voice. John looked at him then, surprised, but Greg just smiled. “Don’t look like that. It’s obvious, innit? Has been for years… but if you’re not going to do anything about it, then…” he pointed back towards the bar with his shot glass, and John looked back just in time to see the ginger guy whispering something into Sherlock’s ear, hands on both his shoulders.
“Two hours,” he finally said, and John grinned. “But I won’t have fun!” he called as John started heading back to his room again.
“Yeah if we’d have known that some drunken attention was all it took, we should have dragged you to the pub ages ago,” Mike said to Sherlock, who blushed but raised his head in his familiar haughty manner.
More drinks were bought and eventually the whole group seemed to huddle closer and closer to each other, sharing anecdotes, touching shoulders, gesturing dramatically, laughing loudly in unison… Sherlock’s body still wasn’t fully obeying his commands, as without him realizing it, both hands came up to the window and pressed on the glass. He leaned forward with his nose pressing there as well, trying to see more clearly, and for a wild moment he considered just walking in there and… and…
It had come out of nowhere, this sudden social engagement - Sherlock had been thinking of what they could do together that evening and discovered a program they could watch together that wouldn’t be entirely mind-numbing, and had been genuinely excited to watch it with John, as it seemed like something he would be interested in as well. Then, not only was John not interested, but he was leaving the flat?
Not a date then, but Sherlock was not invited either, that much was clear. Not wanting to set John off again, he had been torn between asking another question and retreating back to the living room… but he had forced it out - asked if John were meeting his army friends, and if not, given him the option to explain who he
The door in the palace was almost rattling off its hinges. John had paused while sitting down, leaving him hanging in a crouched position until he seemed to remember himself and sit, setting down his own plate and glass of water. Some of the jubilation drained away from his posture to be replaced with caution.
Throat tight as if he were fighting a cold and head beginning to ache, he stumbled back down the street, internal alarms screaming that he had to just
“I’m sure you two can discuss this without me,” he said stiffly, pushing the chair back so he could get up. Once again John’s hand appeared, clutching his sleeve.
“Pay it no mind, just Bailey,” he said, but it didn’t seem to make her feel any better. “As I said, I have some other work to do. Thank you for your help.”
“There,” John said with a smile in his voice. “Hopefully it won’t leave a mark, now.” He stepped away, and somehow Sherlock managed to remember how to breathe. John went back to the kitchen to rinse out the cloth, and Sherlock rubbed the side of his knee quickly to get the tingling sensation to cease.
John swivelled on his seat just in time to see a scruffy stranger - with a ginger beard that clashed horribly with his green hoodie - reach out and
was I believe the way you put it.” He lowered his arm as the cab stopped, then with a very naughty smile he absently adjusted the waistband of his trousers a little lower to show John a quick glimpse of something smooth, and tight, and green.
“No thanks,” John said, feeling worried but not sure why. “And are you sure you want another one? Your two hours are almost up."
“You, John! You haven’t pinched me yet, you’ve only pulled me,” he said, batting his eyelashes and grinning. “You’ve got to pinch me, it’s the rules.”
“You asked me to stop deducing you,” Sherlock snapped, then inwardly cursed. He stared at his laptop screen, clicked some keys just for the look of the thing.
“Still… still want to stay here?” he asked, hardly able to catch his breath, he was so turned on. His skin was tingling, as Sherlock’s eyes moved from staring at his mouth, to rake up and down his body like he had just finished dinner - and John was dessert.
When John had opened the door and gestured for her to come inside, Sherlock felt like he had swallowed a lemon. She hovered a little uncertainly in the doorway and he realized he must look quite foreboding, frozen as he was between chair and door. Dragging up the very last vestiges of his private-education politeness, he gestured towards the table where they had laid out the samples.
“What was it, then?” he asked, pulling Sherlock to the edge of the pavement and looking up and down the street again.
Sherlock froze, suddenly hyper-aware that his fingers were interlaced with John’s. Bailey was looking between them, amusement dripping from every pore.
The shouts and catcalls increased - not just from their table but from drunken randoms as well, and John pulled away reluctantly.
“We can go to bed,” Sherlock reassured him, and let John peel himself from Sherlock’s body and pull him to his feet before John’s arms were around him again.
He got into line between two giggling children not much older than twelve, a few notes clutched in their hands. A parent watched them from a table with drinks and trash littering it. Sent back for another snack or something for someone else. Parent, no sibling in the hospital nothing serious or the children would be more subdued. The line was moving slowly and he shoved his hands into his pockets and tried to calm the shaking. He fingered his lighter wondering if he could get away with sneaking out to have another cigarette or if John would already be able to smell his dirty secret on him. Probably. John had a nose like a bloodhound when it came to Sherlock and cigarettes. The children in front of him squealed at something they’d said to each other and he tried not to flinch noticeably. He wanted to be back out on the fire escape, back in John’s office, back in Baker Street, just anywhere where it wasn’t quite so loud and forcing him to be so
“Have you eaten? Or should we get Chinese?” Sherlock let one hand continue carding through John’s hair while the other laid gently against John’s back. John propped his chin against Sherlock’s chest to look at him.
“Thanks for coming back down to Earth. I’d said, do you think it was a bit much? I was trying not to over do it but I snapped a bit at the end.” He led them into a small, windowless office with a desk taking up most of the space, one comfortable rolling chair behind it and two plush chairs in front of it. There were medical books on the wall and a pile of paperwork on the desk beside a desktop computer. Sherlock was forced to let go of John’s hand as John yanked off the top of his scrubs, throwing them into a hamper, strategically placed behind the open door, full of soiled clothing and scrubs. He pulled a fresh top out of a drawer of his desk and Sherlock averted his eyes, trying not to stare at John in simply a practically see through, tight white t-shirt that clung to him in all the right places, embellishing the muscles he’d gotten in the army and worked continuously to keep despite his insistence of hiding them behind lumpy jumpers. He wasn’t allowed to stare, Sherlock had to remind himself firmly as he cleared his throat and forced himself to reply to John.
“It was a car accident. Four people. Three adults and one child, a little girl. We did all we could, but both of the parents are dead. The girl is in critical condition in ICU as is the other adult we haven’t been able to identify yet. The girl’s grandparents have been notified and if she pulls through she’ll have to go and live with them, but they’re in their late seventies. They aren’t able to be caretakers for very long. If the girl wakes up her life as she knew it is going to be over. Of course, apparently there were joints found in the wrecked car and a test of the dead parents showed it was in their system so who knows, maybe living with the grandparents will be an improvement. But she’s going to have to wake up and learn that both her parents are dead-,” John broke off shaking his head. “I can’t even imagine what she’s going to have to go through and I keep thinking about what could have been done differently but really I know they would have died no matter what, so I don’t know why I’m still focused on it.” Sherlock stroked John’s back gently.
? Was John trying to insinuate more? Was he trying to tell Sherlock without actually telling him? Or was he merely implying that the woman had gotten it wrong in assuming that he, John, was gay? He wasn’t sure, and he struggled to find an answer to John’s question as he patiently waited, ignoring his pager which was beeping more frantically.
The first thing Sherlock was aware of was how warm he was. The second was the dead weight on top of him and for a single instant he wondered if he had been kidnapped, or something of the like. However, a quick inhale revealed he was still very much in Baker Street, surrounded by it’s familiar mix of tea, formaldehyde, Mrs. Hudson’s lavender cleaning products, and something very remotely John that Sherlock couldn’t quite place. His eyes flickered open to find John Watson asleep against his chest, face buried underneath Sherlock’s hands steepled under his chin. That explained the overwhelming scent of him. The light over the stove was the only source of light in the flat besides the fading light of the setting sun through the open window. He watched silently as John slept against him, his body rising and falling slightly with each breath that Sherlock took.
“Thank you. I’m sorry about this,” John wasn't good at taking comfort. He was always the comforter, and it was amazing it had taken this long for him to attempt to apologize for needing comfort.
“I guess I’ve just dealt with enough shit recently, I’m not about to act as if she’d got it right when she had everything all wrong. Oh fuck.” His pager was beeping again and John fumbled to silence it. “I’ve really got to go. You can stay here until they come for you with news about Rosie. I told the receptionist you’ll be in here so they should be fine with keeping you in the loop even though you’re not related to her. Have you eaten today?” John paused halfway out the door, his concern for Sherlock paramounting any patient who could be dying. Sherlock was having a hard time processing John’s question, his brain stuck on the phrase ‘when she had everything all wrong.’ Did that mean
“You should sleep. You always feel better in the morning. I’ll be here to keep the nightmares away,” He promised. John’s breath was already evening out, Sherlock felt the rise and fall of John’s chest against his own and John’s breath against his neck as he drifted off in the safety of his partner's arms.
“That’s how the law works, dear. But it will be okay. Rosie’s a strong little girl. She’s going to pull through just fine.” Sherlock hoped so,
“She was coughing, deeply, it sounded horrible. She was incredibly hot to the touch and she was lethargic for just waking up from her mid morning nap. Mrs. Hudson and Mummy both said that the cough alone was enough reason for her to see a doctor and I checked her pulse out of habit and it was racing. All symptoms leading towards-,”
take him somewhere else next time. We don’t want your homophobia in our hospital. Come on, Sherlock. There’s a more comfortable chair in my office you can have, I’ve got another surgery.”
“Oi faggot why don’t you get off your arse and treat some of the patients who’ve been waiting for hours like you’re paid to do?” Sherlock’s head jerked up to shoot the speaker his customary deadly stare, but John had beat him to it, breaking their clasped hands as he got to his feet and took a step towards the woman and her son sitting in the middle of the A&E waiting room. They’d been speaking in hushed tones, so there was no way that she knew why John was here. The room fell silent as John fixed her with his stern soldier’s stare.
“So how did it start, anyway? She was fine this morning when I left for work, her normal cheerful self. She threw blocks at my head for god's sakes.” John questioned, trying to keep his tone casual as he began checking off boxes.
Sherlock waited ten minutes before leaving John’s office. He hated possibly missing a nurse coming in with news about Rosie, but he knew that John would scold him if he found out that he hadn’t gone to get food. (Not that Sherlock planned on eating said food, but keeping up appearances was important with John.) On his way to the hospital cafeteria he passed a door to a fire escape and on impulse ducked outside, propping it open with a stray rock on the fire escape. With fumbling fingers he pulled out his pack of cigarettes and his lighter, lighting one of them and taking a deep inhale. He coughed, his lungs unaccustomed to the smoke after having gone cold turkey several months ago, just after the withdrawal effects from his last relapse had died down. His hands stopped shaking on the second inhale, and on the third the weight in his chest began to slowly uncurl itself from where it was wrapped around his heart like a vice. Of course, nicotine was nowhere near as powerful as his drug of choice, but he’d sworn himself off of coke and heroin for life. John would take Rosie away from him and never let him see her again. He would never be able to see
“Please eat, love. I don’t need both of the people that I care about most in the world admitted into the A&E in the same night. I’ll see you in a bit.” And then John was gone for good this time, off to save someone else’s life and Sherlock’s world was turning upside down, his head was spinning, as he still felt the lingering ghost of John’s lips against his forehead. They had never done anything like that before. His mind palace frantically filed the kiss away even as it repeated the endearment, love, over and over again.
“You panicked is what you’re saying. And you called your mother!” Sherlock looked away, refusing to dignify that with an answer, and trying to suppress the worry bubbling up inside of him. He wasn’t quite successful.
“It’s not like I can get high, and I needed something grounding.” He muttered but did as she bid and dropped the cigarette to the fire escape, squishing it out with the heel of his shoe and then kicking it down to the street far below.
, if we’re short of staff or it’s a particularly slow day in the trauma centre. Instead, I have singlehandedly saved three lives in the last nine hours and lost one more. I just came out of surgery not ten minutes ago, only to learn that my nine month old daughter was just admitted to the PICU and I could potentially never see her again. I think I deserve a ten minute break while no one’s life is in immediate danger to find out what happened because she was perfectly fine this morning when I left for work. Next time, don’t just assume that your A&E doctor is in their office sitting on their arse because I can personally tell you that most shifts I don’t even get a moment to sit down. Our A&E wait time is under forty five minutes, if you can’t handle waiting that long for a doctor when your son is in no immediate danger then I suggest you take him somewhere else next time. In fact, you
“Hmm?” John asked, dancing in place a little against the cold, brain already thinking about a warm bed, and a warm body in it next to his…
“Drastic?” John asked, pulse racing and mind slow. He couldn’t believe this was happening - but as usual, was very happy to go wherever Sherlock led.
John stared at him, and Sherlock waggled his eyebrows and then laughed, stumbling a little in place.
“They were up a while ago,” John said, leaning in - his body felt completely out of his control, and he didn’t care.
“But you won’t talk to me,” Sherlock groused, turning back to the screen and jabbing at the keys a bit too forcefully. “You’ll spot a pretty woman and then spend the evening chatting her up. I’ll be standing in a corner hating everyone, and everyone will be hating me. It’ll be ghastly.”
Hello friends! As the world is a bit... *gestures vaguely'... updates are going to remain sporadic, but as always I promise I will not abandon this fic. If you'd prefer to wait until it is finished to read the whole thing, hit the subscribe button and I'll see you back here at the end - it's all good!
“Hey, have a look at this,” John said, gesturing at the screen. Sherlock dragged his eyes from his trapped sleeve and up to the screen only after John tugged the cloth impatiently. He moved his face a little closer, but the text size was small and the screen was bright.
“One sec…” John mumbled and got up out of his seat, went into the kitchen and returned with a cleaning cloth. Wrapping the cloth over his finger, he dipped it into his water glass and then approached Sherlock.
Why was it suddenly ‘all fine’ for John to have gay friends? To be out in the village, in a gay bar? When had the world suddenly spun on its axis to a point where John would accept physical teasing and light affection from an obviously gay man? Didn’t he care anymore how it looked? Didn’t he care people might think he was a bit…
“So yeah like I told you on the phone,” John started, walking over and sitting down, swinging his laptop around. He looked over his shoulder as he spoke, nodding his head to an empty chair, encouraging Sherlock to join them. He did so, reluctantly. “We’re looking into these forged banknotes. So here’s a scan of a real note, and here’s the forgery. Apparently they’re using some fancy software to copy the design, but no-one’s really sure which one.”
“Well… John, I told you, I’m not really sure I can help,” the woman said. She ran a hand over her short hair in a gesture so familiar to Sherlock that he startled slightly. He did the very same thing when he was frustrated. “I mean… I can make some educated guesses about some of it, but for the holograms and the thread elements there aren’t really many options I can think of.”
Yes. Betrayed. It was that hot painful feeling that had overcome him the previous evening. Something about seeing John with those people, acting that way… it had felt like a betrayal, and a betrayal of something very deep and unspoken between them.
“Hmm?” Sherlock was shrugging his coat on and looking John up and down in confusion. “I’ve never seen this outfit before,” he said, something almost accusatory in his voice.
did the woman who said she had been home on a specific night have a cinema ticket from the same night in her rubbish bins?
“And here I thought that I was special,” she said, shoving his shoulder roughly with a sparkle in her eye.
Sherlock had a front-row view for what happened next. The annoyance of Sherlock’s antics fell from John’s face to be replaced by the familiar stillness of the soldier truly angry. The bleak smile crept in as he turned his head towards their guest, the shoulders squared, and John dropped Sherlock’s hand as his own arms came to rest flat against his sides.
“Have a nice evening then?” he asked, feigning nonchalance. The door within the palace gave a much stronger rattle, and he reminded himself that he was going to let all of this go.
