"Mornin' Pete, when did you come here?"
"Flathead." I'm not offended cause I have no idea what that is.
"Maybe, I'm working on Mark 56."
"Do you wanna go back to my place, my shift gets over in five minutes." She added.
The team wasn't convinced and disturbed but they let it slide for the time being to deal with the bigger problem. We watched the footage and saw Loki bright and clear. I swear if it wasn't for Thor, I would kill him.
"Pete, buddy I'm home!"
I quietly get out of my bed and make my way towards my fathers' bedroom, dragging my blanket in one hand and clutching Bucky Bear in the other. As I reach for the knob, I creak open the door which no surprise sends shivers up my spine only to see daddy(Tony) lying on the floor looking lifeless. I hoped I was dreaming until I heard a soft whisper-like, "Peter?" I look up and see Papa(Steve) on the bed rubbing his eyes. I let out a sigh of relief but was still confused and extremely worried.
"Why?" I didn't come off aggressive or if I do, it wasn't intentionally.
"Let me s-" He starts and turns around finally showing that cute pout of his.
(See the end of the chapter for
"I got a nightmare about Voldemort again."
"How's dad?" Peter asked, his face dropping immediately. He was dreading asking the question but it was inevitable that the topic come up.
"Thanks honey" Steve calls back while leaving the room.
I'm actually quite proud of this one including the F. R. I. E. N. D. S. references so here's another  stony .
Summary:- Peter is two years old and lives in Avengers Tower with everyone else. Also Loki isn't bad(yay) and hangs out with the avengers.
Word Count:- 1486
I spent the next days doing everything with Peter. We played together, ate together, shared a crib together and I really liked him. He was always very nice to me.
"Steeb, why do you looks like Pops?"
"Hello Steven! Loki, do you thing." He said as he knelt down and started ruffling mine and Peter's hair. Then the other man walked up to me...
Okay, now I'm creeped out. At least to ease the tension, we reached Tony's lab. Yay!
Tony sighs, "I was drunk, you know how I am when I'm dr-"He's using drunk as an excuse? Aw hell noooo!
"Well, unless I use my secret weapon." I'm sure you already got what my 'secret weapon' is but Peter is six and I would never say anything like that.
(See the end of the chapter for
”Yeah, pal, I know. It was more like an hour and a half, not 'all night long'.”
At the same time that their jailers got to the hole in the wall, Clint landed about a hundred feet from them. Natasha started running backwards with her pistols raised to give them cover fire.
Tony knew he had to stop, but he didn't exactly know how. He usually got over his obsessions only after they exploded in his face.
“Okay, I think I’m going to retire now, if that’s okay?”
Tony got up and went to the medical cabinet.
”It's a joke,” Steve tried.
“That’s – that feels really good,” Steve explained and for a wild second had the thought that was it possible to come from this alone? It would solve the problem of nudity, at least, to come in his pants, he thought a bit manically.
Tony choked on a laugh, surprised. “I
”Okay. Are you having an affair?”
but to him Tony not having been with men if he mainly liked women was understandable. He’d himself wished a few times it wasn’t men who most often caught his eye. After waking up in the future and having seen how the law and societal acceptance had changed and realizing he had very little to lose anymore, he’d decided to stop actively hiding that side of him. But he definitely had been hiding it, before.
”That's it? You don't harbor any feelings for Steve?”
Steve complied. He sat down on top of the bedding. Before Tony could get any ideas Steve pulled him onto his lap. At the contact he couldn't but arch up, becoming lost in the heady feeling of rubbing against each other.
He leaned his head back, trying to break away from the kiss. Tony didn’t really let him but instead followed him. As a last trick, he licked against Steve’s lips, trying to entice him to continue.
Tony was a genius, so he was a very self-aware guy. He knew well all the things he wanted to do when he looked at Steve – he had wanted to do them for years. The only thing was that he had never thought there would be the slightest of chances to even
Steve had gone once or twice to Sam's Marvin Gaye fan club -session so he, too, recognized the song. He, too, died a bit inside.
”No,” Steve answered truthfully. ”I don't think you'd ever try to buy me.”
He took the offered glass.
”I do.”
“Careful, going out there’s a bit of a drop to a lower roof,” she warned them.
”Take the clothes off,” Tony commanded in a low voice Steve had never had the pleasure to hear before.
Tony lifted the faceplate. "Are we still on first name basis? 'Cause I didn't get that memo."
Steve drank the water. ”I didn't choose this.”
“It's just pasta and tomato sauce. Do you want some?”
Steve choked on a laugh, and because it really just was there, he squeezed Tony’s ass.
Steve cleared his throat. “The last party, what happened in the kitchen? After I went back to my rooms, I waited for you.”
Hands around his shoulders and back, Steve pulled Tony tight against him, probably too tight, and with a final thrust, came.
“You need anything?” Steve finally broke the silence.
the first time we saw each other after all that you flirted with me. I liked it. A bit too much, because it's so hard to stop. But that's what we will do because otherwise, it's not going to end well. Not for anybody.”
Sam rubbed his hands together. ”Hey, here's an idea, why don't you go with him,” he addressed Tony.
Tony’s arm around him tightened and he pressed his thigh against the back of Steve’s.
“Lovely working with a secret government organization,” Tony said sarcastically.
“Watch my head, will you?” He said.
Clint didn’t seem to understand. Steve made a mental note to have that harassment training for the Avengers the SHIELD HR had been pestering him about. His earlier reluctance hadn’t been because Steve didn’t think it an important cause but because the Avengers worked better as a group of friends than as a group of colleagues with normal workplace rules. But if harassment training would have prevented Clint from interrupting his slow sink into la-la land, it was worth the try.
”So let’s go home.”
“You’re joking,” Tony said. Pleaded.
Steve breathed heavily, masking his moans as gasps. ”Yeah, yeah,” he whispered.
It felt dangerous, but well, Steve rationalized, Tony had very explicitly asked for him to elaborate. And he wasn’t, weirdly enough, embarrassed.
Steve shrugged. “I just told the truth.”
“You wouldn’t? It’s pretty rare to hear someone you know and actually respect to give you that kind of feedback.”
That was tempting. He
”Wake up call isn't until eight. You should sleep.”
”I don't know. Why do you get uncomfortable when you're alone with me?”
Ten minutes into the red carpet and Steve could hear Tony tell gleefully to a reporter how much he enjoyed working with a team, standing in line, getting ordered around by six-foot-two tall statue of muscle and rules.
Tony utilized his left hand, free, in a delicate facepalm. ”I don't know how to take that.  Embarrassing, condescending or dirty.”
Steve could, jeez, feel his body react with interest. ”It was – yeah, yeah.”
What Steve parsed from that was that Tony still hadn’t out and loud asked because not only did he assume Steve would say no, but he himself wasn’t sure he wanted a yes.
Steve crossed his arms. He wasn’t going to say they’d made love because he wasn’t too keen on getting laughed at, but he knew it wasn’t just anything: they’d kissed until their mouths were tender, they’d laughed together, touching each other all over. The final stretch to chase satisfaction had been the least important part of it all.
“Well. All who were still awake at 5 am heard Clint moan about nobody having any taste. And ‘Cap being surprisingly gay and mooning over Stark’.”
Steve would be reasonable this, he decided. He couldn’t expect anything from him. He’d give Tony his space and not make a big deal out of it.
Before he could say anything, though, Tony continued.
Getting the shirt off was difficult with their position so Steve laid Tony gently on the table and straightened up to strip it off himself.
“I mean,” he continued, realizing Tony hadn’t actually said it back. “If you feel like that, too.”
Glancing to his side he noticed Tony watch him. He seemed to have something on his mind, still.
Steve waited. “Why not?”
It was released, all right, but it was too short and poorly made and it dropped all the way to the ground. Steve frowned as he heard Tony curse. Well. It wasn’t that bad. He jumped down and landed without a hitch.
Tony nodded. ”World records, I know.”
When Steve got to the rooftop, most of the team was already there sans Bruce and Thor: Thor was away and Bruce just typically slow to arrive. Steve joined the group, Tony and Sam fitting the wings and Clint and Nat offering commentary.
Steve pulled in smoothly to a parking slot and stopped the car. “Maybe,” he said. Getting out of the car he continued: “You can afford it.”
”Aye, aye, Captain, I did.”
Steve knew he would not want to get caught with his pants down and there was the thought in his mind that maybe once was enough for Tony – he’d specifically asked for a night – so he wondered if it wasn’t better to try to make the plans Tony had mentioned: go somewhere else, together. Assuming this was a one-off Steve wanted to make the best of it.
Who the hell was he kidding? It was a big deal for him. He wanted it to mean something, he wanted it to be serious.
Tony gave a surprised laugh. “Shoelaces? Is that what does it for you? I don’t know whether to feel insulted or relieved.”
Tony’s hands faltered. He groaned. “Do you have to be so sensible?”
Too nonchalantly to be real, Tony said: “Let’s hear it, then.”
”It’s weird having you standing there, listening in,” Tony commented, though he was already going.
Steve knew Tony was vain enough that he wanted to ask the obvious question but due to current circumstances, didn’t.
“Hmm?” Tony inquired and with a gentle bite moved his attention to the other side.
”And the fit?”
Tony poured another glass, filling it to the brim. "For what?"
“Your perfectly perky butt hasn’t prevented you from being the record-keeper of near-deaths around here,” she drawled and yeah, she was onto him.
Tony walked closer until he was right up to Steve’s personal space. “Not really,” he said.
The friction even without the clothes wasn’t quite enough so Tony made a little bit of room between them and put his hand around Steve’s cock.
“But I know I shouldn’t.”
“If you just want somebody to fawn over you – “
“Why wouldn’t everything be okay?” Tony asked him, daring him to bring it up.
He’d known Tony had a wonderful, enticing body, but to get such concrete evidence of it – he let his hands find purchase lower, pulling Tony even tighter against him by the meat of his ass.
Natasha greeted him with a little smile and a question: “New jeans?”
”I’d assume the bar,” she said, nodding towards the back of the dining hall.
There was a brief silence and Steve was somewhat surprised Tony didn’t reach for the minibar. That was usually a given in a limo with Tony.
Tony chuckled. “You probably would.”
Seeing the hint of distaste in the turn of Steve’s mouth Tony went on to elaborate: ”Or, you know, maybe you’d have asked me out and we’d have figured out how we fit together by spending time on a date.”
That made Steve laugh. “That’s good since I’d be a useless guide.”
”I wasn't complaining.”
”Cap.”
"Captain."
”Oh yeah? How was it?”
He tugged it so the hem got pulled out of Steve’s pants. Steve had good enough reflexes he could have easily blocked Tony’s hands but some mix of disbelief and curiosity stopped him.
Gasping into Tony’s mouth, he came.
Looking at Tony now, out for the count on his stomach, the sheet covering him only up to his hips, Steve wondered how was he supposed to continue like before when he knew what was waiting for him, hopefully, at the end of the day.
To that, Steve raised his eyebrows. Tony heard what he’d said and, if Steve wasn’t mistaken, got a bit flustered.
It wasn't only because it was Tony, Steve knew when he felt a thrill go through him, when something hot and exciting unlocked inside him. This human side of him that had wants other than fighting injustice and punching stuff was so often kept under wraps. To let it surface was not only heady, it was addicting.
“Steve,” Tony said, half in greeting, half in surprise. This time he hadn't known Steve was in the kitchen. This time he had made an effort not to think about Steve.
Tony sat up.
“I can’t believe you,” he said, finally.
”Stay.”
Steve felt a prickle of unease and wondered for a moment if the booze hadn’t hit him, after all. While he trusted himself to catch Tony, 100 %, it was dark and he might catch him awkwardly enough to cause some minor injury. It was too late to back down, though, Tony being on the bottom of the ladder. He didn’t jump immediately as Steve had done but instead lowered himself further so that his legs were in the air and hands grabbed the final rung.
”Yes,” Steve said, nodded. He turned around and got all the way to the door before he felt a small window of chance in the gloom that had descended on him.
”I was just telling them how great it’s to work together, a team effort, collaboration. Wouldn’t get to use my skills to the fullest if it was just me alone,” he snarked and Steve knew him well enough that his displeasure was obvious to him, but he hoped the reporters missed it.
Tony put down his tools. This was going to take a while. ”A start of a series? In part two Thor will electrocute the poor mangled punching bag to the beats of Thunderstruck.”
“What?” Tony asked as if he didn’t know. “He was alright. I think. Not that I’m an expert in that, but from the small sample I’ve gathered, spending time in the workshop isn’t a deterrent for you.”
“What can I say? I don’t have a preference for athletic blonds,” Steve said dryly.
“You planned this, didn’t you?” Tony asked when they were let in through the vehicular gate to the SHIELD facilities.
“Did you mean it?”
He heard warning bells distantly in his mind but felt he had to say this one more thing. “You are stuck up about how smart you are, but my God if the intelligence shining from your eyes isn’t magnetic. It makes me want to just look at you. Have you look at me. Being with you, whether next to you or opposite you, it fires me up.”
Soon Tony was next to him with the cradle and an antiseptic spray and clean tissues.
“I was wondering if you wanted to go through some specs Fury sent me together?” He lied, except that he had meant to show the blueprints of Hydra artillery to Tony anyway.
Tony reached for the whiskey. "Do I want to know?"
Steve chuckled. “Yeah, I think I'd rather wake up naked next time than in one of those.”
It was normal enough that Steve had a short moment of doubt whether he had imagined the whole avoidance thing. He decided to tread carefully.
“Clint,” Natasha spoke to her comm unit, “we’re coming, twenty seconds.”
Steve was far too gone since he found the line hot.
Steve considered that. That wasn’t the impression he’d gotten, but on the other hand, they hadn’t spent that much time together. The interest he’d shown for Steve’s body had seemed mostly scientific, but of course, that wasn’t much to go by.
Anyway, it was that comment which gave Steve the courage to wait until the living room was vacated by everyone else but Tony.
“It wasn’t just –
Steve did have more to say, but a road sign signaling they were nearing the city brought him back to reality.
“Tony,” Steve said, smiled carefully.
Steve gripped Tony between his legs again and maneuvered him up into his embrace. Surely he’d never tire of kissing, Steve thought as their lips met once more, their bodies now flush together. Willing them to be as close as possible, Steve hooked his left leg around Tony.
Most likely they were on their trail already, which was why Steve didn’t feel an urgent need to try to break out of the cell. He probably couldn’t do it anyway, the door had an electric charge on it and it seemed too thick to kick down. Trusting the rest of the Avengers he thought it better to save his strength until they had to run.
Still. “Thank God?”
and Steve would have been sure this was a practical joke if he didn't know how much decorum Sam had.
“Well, it definitely was the best I’ve had,” he grinned.
“And of course I will be naked – “
It had. They had fallen asleep tangled together in each other’s arms. They had separated mostly to their own sides during the night, Steve noticed when he woke up first.
Steve had maybe twice in his life flexed his muscles intentionally, and both of those times it was to intimidate. For reasons he didn't want to examine too closely, he turned a bit and reached down to where the bedside table was, to pick up a glass of water left there.
Tony rolled his eyes. “Can’t they just send it here?”
“What do you know, I am kinda busy,” Tony retorted, starting to get up. “Aren’t I, Jarvis?”
Bucky chuckled. ”Alright, sure, maybe it's not. Doesn't mean you don't think I'm better than I am.”
His vow to himself lasted about two days – the amount of time it took until he saw Tony again. In his defense, Tony kinda initiated it.
Tony crossed his arms. ”Look, I know it’s absurd. It’s the kind of thing that bored teenage girls write to each other about but what actually happens only in one of the millions of alternate universes – and let’s be real, even then one of us is probably a woman – and I hope it’s you, the
“You mean a lot better?”
“Can you get past them?” Steve asked, meaning the Iron Man.
“Yes,” Natasha answered. “Staying covered in a stealth mode up in the air, he’ll come down to pick us up.”
Tony’s hands moved to stroke his stomach above the clothes. Steve pressed a bit more tightly against Tony and – okay, this was becoming far too hot far too fast.
Steve turned to look at Tony, slightly exasperated. “Well, I didn’t know but I didn’t assume either way. Alright? It’s not my business.”
“Not here, Tony,” Steve answered.
When Steve felt Tony’s hands start to really wander again, he glanced at said table to make sure it was mostly empty and took a hold underneath Tony’s butt to lift him up to sit on it.
”I’m going first,” Steve informed Tony. ”You’re tipsy, so I can catch you if you fall.”
When Steve woke up the first thing he remembered was that he should throw his shirt away. The second thing he remembered was wiping him and Tony clean with it – twice. If their first time had been rushed, the second had been prolonged with Steve sliding his cock between Tony's thighs, stroking Tony in time to the slow, slow rhythm. Tony had writhed against him, eyes closed, mouth open and with an iron grip on Steve's thigh.
“I’ll even go as far as to say I love it if you’ll stay there for another moment,” Tony said.
The next time Steve saw Tony was at Sam's place. Sam needed some time off to go back to Washington to be with his family while his parents were in the middle of a divorce. They needed to discuss the details, all three of them, since Steve and Tony now lead the Avengers together. Tony had put a lot of work to the new team while Steve had continued with Sam and the others underground. It was natural to share the responsibility.
Tony snorted. ”Now and then,” he said. ”Especially when you keep your hand on my lower back for the better part of the evening.”
Steve found it kinda funny, too. Among other things. Also, he had noticed Tony alluding to his father. Steve had gotten the impression that Tony was troubled about his father, but looked up to him all the same. Loved him, all the same. He’d have gladly told Tony some of his stories about Howard when he was young, from a time nobody else alive remembered, had he ever felt like Tony was receptive to that sort of thing.
Tony blinked. “Oh. Yeah, sure. Or you can just send them to me and I’ll brief you later,” he suggested.
”How about bars? Vault? I bet you'd be phenomenal on the floor.”
Steve knew a big part about the thing between him and Tony had to do about their chemistry, about how they never really had been able to ignore one another.
And continuing would make it a lot more difficult to stop.
Tony agreed to let it go. They drove in silence for a good ten minutes or so, but this latest turn in conversation still echoed in Steve’s mind. What had Tony been thinking? That he has to find Steve somebody so he’d what, forget about Tony? He wanted to express that it really wasn’t a big deal, but somehow doubling down on it didn’t feel like it would get the point across.
The air was thick enough with tension to cut with a knife but Steve soldiered on. “You are richer than I can understand, but your body isn’t pampered or artificial. It’s molded by real work. It has a carnality about it of which the thought would keep me up at night if I let it.”
”Oh. Should I – I don't know, tone it down? Maybe change my voice,” the kid babbled on, the next words in a considerably deeper voice, ”stop right there, criminal!”
Tony rolled his eyes. ”Alright, yeah. You go first.”
”Where’d Tony go?” He asked Natasha.
Steve just gave him a skeptical look.
Having made the landing, more of the ceiling started to break down and Tony stepped back to give him room to get away from the edge. He tripped and with a grip still on Steve’s arm and Steve having a momentum going on they fell down together, Steve landing on top of him, face to face.
With a tender lick against Steve’s upper lip, Tony leaned back lightly and Steve was ready to follow but Tony just changed direction and pressed his lips against Steve’s neck – first. Then he kissed Steve’s right shoulder, his clavicle. Steve sighed, every place Tony touched him left aching more.
They all made it in mostly uninjured, though Steve had felt a bullet graze his flank. They were a good distance away from the Hydra base when Tony said something about it.
“So, I have this problem,” Tony finally said. “See, I’ve had countless of what you might call relationships, entanglements, one-night stands, whatever. Most of them not very memorable and not only because chances are that I was drunk, but there were some people who meant something. Then I thought I’d met the love of my life but she couldn’t completely accept the life I lead and turns out when push came to shove, I chose the superhero gig instead of her.”
Tony groaned. “That’s true, but let’s be real here, someone could have come down anytime the last fifteen minutes and turned around and left with no doubt what’s going on in here.”
”I don’t know if you did – I,” Tony started but lost his words as he took Steve in, the sheet pooled on his lap.
Okay. Steve wasn’t sure what he thought about where this was going, especially in the back of a car, not certain that the driver would not hear the conversation.
Had Tony been holding anything in his hands, he would have probably dropped it. He had hoped the born-in-the 1910s ex-US-army sergeant would have shown at least a little discomfort about homosexuality, but he wasn't at all fazed. Tony was mostly sure Barnes was fucking with him, though. He didn't think the man would have been so blithe about it had they really been lovers with Rogers at some point. Tony had tried to get under Barnes's skin, so Barnes had countered the same way.
”Fill in?” Tony asked.
”Well, we’d have made out in the upstairs lavatory we sneaked off to, for one. Or just had sex there, and then gone our merry ways.”
Tony visibly searched for words. Then he laughed, a desperate sound. ”I think you're hot, sexy, the, I don't know, bee's knees. I want to do you, or you to do me. I want you to touch me and not
“Well,” Steve started. “Maybe I’m taking a page from your book.”
“Never done any of it with a man,” Steve revealed, a lot more amused by the confession of his inexperience than he’d have thought possible. “Or a woman.”
Tony pretended to think about it. ”Yeah, that’s not what I want.”
“So it’s true?” Tony went on, anyway.
“Oh,” Steve gasped, involuntarily.
Tony glared at him between his fingers. ”This must be a dream.”
It cleared on Steve that this really couldn't go on. The first too heated glance between them while Natasha was present and she wouldn't leave him alone. Bucky already was onto him. He didn't care for himself, but it would be really rotten for Pepper if people talked about them behind her back.
With his mouth being devoured Steve had just about the state of mind to put his hands on Tony’s back, caressing the soft skin. As his fingers found where the dip of Tony’s lower back seamed into the swell of his buttocks Steve got an impulse to kiss that same spot before the night was through.
“Excuse me, sir?” The guard asked, confused.
”I see you are pulling your punches,” Tony remarked.
“Sit down and lean over,” Tony told him.
Fair was fair, but: “It’s not hypocrisy when you have superhuman physique.”
Pepper sighed. Her mouth was turned down. ”Every time it's gone bad with us I've felt like your other life has consumed you. The hundred Iron Man armors, the team, trying to protect the whole world, almost giving your life over and over again.”
Tony came to stand close to Steve, not exactly just behind him, but too close to be completely casual.
Steve pressed his lips gently to Tony's.
”You crashed the helicopter and lost your consciousness.”
Tony’s whole demeanor changed at that, now really looking at Steve, staring him with an intensity and honest-to-god desire in his eyes. “Won’t you come here?” He beckoned.
“I’m not
”I didn't really catch why you were here in the first place?”
Steve stopped to look out of a window as he thought the question over. He shrugged. ”How the hell should I know?”
He stayed, though, so that was something.
“Right there.”
”Oh, fuck,” Tony cursed and opened his legs to give Steve more room.
Steve had faced some hard decisions in his life, but most of them still seemed to pale next to stopping what they were doing.
When Steve started kissing back, Tony began moving again, now with a single-minded focus. He broke off the kiss and pushed himself upward so his weight was mostly on his arms.
”To be fair, I didn't expect his beard would grow so dark, I was confused – okay, point taken. Listen, I know I have a difficult relationship with him. But I'm not waiting for him to –  to notice me, or whatever.”
Steve grinned. “A 1943, actually.”
After a few thrilling laps around the Chrysler building, Sam had dropped Steve off and Steve had joined the rest of the team. Tony had commented under his breath how the wings were now tested for shipping precious cargo.
”You talk much.”
”Oh yeah?” He asked.
Not sure if it was him or Tony who initiated the change of position, Steve found himself getting on the floor. Knowing the cement floor wasn’t comfortable, he went on to lie on it and had Tony lower himself on top of him.
At last: ”Are you implying that in different settings you would see it go somewhere?”
Steve blinked but agreed quickly. It was very uncharacteristic of Tony and Steve didn’t want to wait for him to change his mind. Not that Steve thought escorting Tony was going to be too interesting for him, but the offer in itself was.
Steve chuckled. “I thought nothing you did wasn’t important,” he teased.
”I see you have once again found an immodest attire for yourself,” Tony said when they were alone.
, and there went all higher brain functions.
Steve wasn’t particularly fond of Tony’s choice of words, but he let it pass, glad Tony found it funny.
”This needs to stop.”
Steve knew his time was up. In the end, it was the thought of sleeping the next night alone, wondering if he had passed up his chance of experiencing something good again, that made the choice for him.
Steve hadn’t exactly imagined this, before. He’d
He started to wonder that if flashing a strip of bare skin felt like this, what would a touch feel like.
He was about to go first and be there to catch Tony, but a gun was fired just then. He and Tony both crouched reflexively.
”So?”
He pushed Tony to lie down, and due to Tony’s insistence, went down with him. He supported himself above Tony with his arms, their faces only a couple of inches apart.
“I’m taking that as a yes.”
“Just in case you go rogue,” Steve suggested. “Not that it’ll help them much after you make new adjustments. But at least it’s somewhere to start with the anti-Iron Man gadgetry.”
It had started to seem like they weren’t going to come across another staircase.
Maybe Tony saw the urgency for he – he leaned down to kiss Steve on his cock. Gently, he let his lips trace the length of it. When he reached the top, he
Basking in the afterglow wasn’t an option when Tony was still urgently in need, rubbing hotly against Steve’s thigh. Tony had all his weight on Steve now so it was difficult for him to get his hand on Tony. Instead, Steve made the executive decision to maneuver them into a new position, on their sides, him behind Tony.
“Probably,” the other man admitted. “Very likely,” he amended.
Steve frowned. If the waiters were too slow for Tony, they might have trouble in their hands.
Based on how rigid Tony went for a second, Steve deduced it wasn’t a welcome proposition.
And sure enough, he was tempted to take the offered option of this-talk-never-happened, but, he realized, he was curious what Tony saw for them. He was beginning to think saying the unsaid might be worth it.
Tony grew silent, staring at him. Steve, feeling self-conscious and bared, turned to mix the vegetable into his sauce.
“It doesn’t seem like it,” he ventured. Tony looked annoyed.
He wasn’t sure but it seemed somebody had something to say to him. Steve kept his eyes closed. After all the years he’d been involuntarily sober due to the serum he was damned if he let somebody disrupt the warm buzz that was welcoming him into sweet, numb unconsciousness. Thank God for the Asgardians.
“You should suck – put it in your mouth,” Steve said and cringed.
Bashfulness? At this point? Steve took the packet of paper towels and brought it to Tony. He crouched down in front of the man so he had to look at Steve.
”Jesus Christ, Bucky!”
They especially liked them play up the team dynamics, Tony saying something outrageous to a  reporter and Steve stepping in and playfully reprimanding him before steering him away.
The unassuming intimacy of the real experience was a revelation.
Steve pretended to think about it. “I don’t know. I think it’s just you, what you do to me.”
Steve looked over, reached up to a cupboard door. “Here?”
Tony looked surprised, Steve thought. “I guess I missed the invitation.”
Tony hmmed. ”Athletic, you mean.”
“That? That was said based on a completely wrong data set. I thought I was saving myself a heartbreak when you’d have inevitably called it quits after a few times. Not that it couldn’t still crash and burn, of course. Taking into consideration it’s us, it actually probably will. Maybe this is a mistake,” Tony said, though he didn’t seem too concerned.
With those Tony didn’t dawdle – a blessing, since Steve wasn’t sure how long he’s patience would have lasted.
Tony nodded. He was standing, leaning slightly against his work table. He had the whiskey glass in his hand but it didn’t look like he was even that aware of it.
“We gotta slow down,” Steve said.
”Can you even get drunk?” Tony asked.
How to say that to Tony, though, when the man couldn’t apparently make up his mind whether he was up to something straightforward and physical?
“Does it work?” Steve asked.
If Tony ultimately disliked him or despised him... that would be harder to manage.
”Listen,” Bucky started after a while. ”Maybe you should just give it a go. Relieve some pent up stress, show him some nice time. Heck, for once
“No,” Steve answered, easily enough. That was what he had told himself, anyway. Tony was just one more in his line of unattainable crushes: growing up chronically ill, mouthy, and being more often interested in men than women meant he was great at not letting his feeling develop.
As if knowing he was the object of Steve’s thoughts, Tony opened his eyes. “You’re staring,” he said, voice still rough from sleep.
Barnes clearly didn't believe him. ”Sure, pal.”
”I thought part of the fun was to watch you exceed what a mere man can do,” Tony said.
Steve hadn't yet moved, but every passing second made him conscious of the burning need to grind against Tony, to nail him into the bed.
Tony tried to smother down his amusement. He landed on a half-sly smile. ”It wasn't a no.”
It took a couple of minutes until the floor started to really become unbearable.
”I thought you were engaged.”
been pretty good. Was it normal that people just ignored one another after sharing something that intimate and that intense?  That sexy? Hell, Steve still got a bit hot under the collar every time he thought about Tony’s grip on his thigh as he was coming, how perfect the arch of Tony’s buttocks had felt against him, how good his hair had smelled.
Bucky gave him an unimpressed look. ”Firstly because of how Stark acts around you, but that could be just his crush on you. I didn't think it was reciprocal until Parker didn't want to bring Captain America's shield to one of his idols, Captain America, in case 'Mr Stark was there and they were acting really weird'.”
”You know what. He's engaged.”
Steve knew he’d probably made the wrong choice: Tony’s tech usually did work, perfectly, tested or not and it wasn’t like he hadn’t had to make risky bets during missions, before. But though the mission had been exhausting, the odds hadn’t been against them, there hadn’t been a need for desperate attempts. So with Ultron and the cluster-fuck that had ensued from it still in mind, he felt like it was his responsibility to see that nothing like that would happen again. He knew Tony thought Steve didn’t trust him, but it was more that he was trying to protect Tony from the what-if-it-went-wrong.
With a low burn starting to simmer under his skin, Steve walked to where Tony was, stopped less than a foot away from him. Tony had straightened up from his slump against the table but Steve still towered over him. Answering Tony’s stare, Steve was pretty sure they were going to kiss. He let his gaze drop to Tony’s lips.
She squinted. Uh-oh.
It was the first time Tony visited the kitchen since building the damn place. His sudden craving of tap water was somewhat motivated by the fact that Steve was in the kitchen. Alone.
Steve groaned and flopped down on the couch.
Parker. That was his name.
Steve was pretty sure Tony would join him now if he asked.
”Yeah?” Tony teased him.
”I’m not tired,” Tony said.
Steve hoped.
She raised her eyebrow. “Me? That’s your job.”
Great.
Steve rolled his eyes. This part of the charade was natural to them. ”We’ll be having words.”
Tony stopped in his tracks to the driver’s side of the dark blue fancy sports car and turned to give Steve an incredulous look. “I didn’t know you could drive.”
In the hallway, going back, Steve stopped in his tracks.
“I like how soft your hair looks, how you haven’t colored in the few silver strands. It makes you look distinguished – alleviating the impact of your ridiculous beard for all that it’s impeccably maintained.”
”Didn’t mean to wake you up,” Steve said, voice low.
“Hmm.”
Walking in Tony saw Steve actually using the kitchen to make food – he was stirring something at the stove, there were chopped vegetables on the side, waiting to be mixed into the whatever-it-was Steve was making.
Based on the look on Tony’s face, that wasn’t what he hoped to hear.
Steve stepped directly underneath the hole. “Come on, Tony, I’ll give you a boost,” he said, crouched and made a hold with his hands to give Tony a leg up.
Instead, the soft and sturdy cotton felt amazing against his bare skin: his senses had been much more sensitive after the serum, touch as well as his sight, hearing, smell, and taste. He sighed as he got underneath the covers.
He didn’t know what he wanted to do with all this knowledge.
”Here, I found these oh – ah just, just around the corner?” The kid's high pitched announcement sliced through the electric atmosphere in the room and Steve straightened up in a hurry.
It was a testament to his army trained poker face that he kept his features completely neutral when Jarvis projected the anti-aircraft artillery blueprints above the table in Tony’s workshop.
The second Scotch Steve just sipped. ”Not really. I’ll get slightly intoxicated if I drink fast enough, but it doesn’t last very long.”
Steve considered that for a brief moment – if only to call Tony’s bluff, but decided it was too much. A compromise between modesty and comfort, he stripped down to his boxer briefs.
They had barely sat down on Sam's couch when Sam had to go take a phone call. Steve and Tony were left alone except for Sam's music. Ella Fitzgerald, Steve recognized, even though he didn't know the song. Steve hadn't ever seen her live back in the thirties, but he remembered some of her songs. It was nice just sitting quietly together with Tony. Not saying anything also meant less of a chance of saying something stupid.
“Waiting for me?” Tony asked.
Steve pondered that for a second. “Not now, I don’t think. Not for this. I’m pretty sure I’m right and it doesn’t really matter that they don’t trust us: that’s in their DNA. They’re right not to trust us, anyway. Our interests aren’t always SHIELD’s interests.”
Steve had the impulse to kiss him, but it wasn’t quite clear he could. The last time had been agreed upon, now all bets were off. Also, he’d promised himself no more risks with public displays of affection.
“Tony, your walls are glass,” Steve said.
”What? Oh, Jesus. Really?” Tony grumbled. He came to the balcony as well, though, and closed the door behind himself.
“No – “ Tony hurried to say. “Steve,” he sighed. “If I’ve ever been tempted by someone, it’s by you. And not just because of what you said, but because believe it or not, I like you. I do find you attractive, too.” Dryly, he added: “And let’s say I have noticed the at times explosive chemistry we have.”
“No, sir. Passed away ten years ago. But I know he would have wanted to thank you.”
Steve repeated the motion, started up a slow rhythm. The next time Tony moaned into his mouth.
Steve turned to look at Bucky at last. ”No! Why would you think that?”
”You’re not seeing anybody, are you?”
Steve straightened himself. He forced himself to look Tony in the eye. ”I didn't want us to meet for the first time after what went down in the middle of the battle. I wanted to make sure we are okay enough.”
Then the song changed. Sam wasn't back yet.
“Actually, sir, your calendar seems to be – “
Tony’s look was a mix of horror and glee Steve found weirdly fetching. “He did
Steve lifted his hips when Tony finally got to pulling the pants down and off, together with the rest of his clothes. He was aware that lying naked on the cold, hard floor of the workshop had not been on his agenda, but that was a distant thought when Tony was staring at him with heavy-lidded eyes.
A silence. ”Stop with that face,” Bucky demanded. ”You know it's true. I know you have this idea of me as a perfect gentleman, but I would do my best to show a girl a good time were they taken or not.”
“Any of it?”
Tony kept his mouth shut until they were back in the car. “You’ve got a lot of fans.”
Of course, she noticed, Steve thought dryly. “Not too tight?” He asked, playing it off as if he hadn’t chosen them because of the tightness but instead in spite of it.
A bit like now: from slouching over a project to straightening up and putting on a decidedly nonchalant face.
Steve flopped down on the bed and hid his face under his arm.
Steve raised his eyebrows. ”I sleep in the nude.”
Steve ignored that. ”Let's warm up,” he said. Before Tony could ask how exactly, Steve took off.
They got to their destination in one piece and in relatively good time. This, despite getting briefly stuck in the midtown traffic and especially despite Tony giving a running commentary about Steve’s driving, complaining first about too slow then too fast, then worrying about the paint job, and then, on the freeway when Steve definitely broke more than one rule speeding, calling Steve crazy. He had been grinning, though.
”Come to bed, Tony.”
”What did you send her?”
“I’m supporting you. Or something,” Tony murmured next to his ear.
It took maybe a couple of hours in silence before a loud crackling alerted them. Above them, the plaster of the ceiling started to crumble until a clear neat hole was created. Natasha was crouched at the edge of the hole, peering down at them.
Tony was obviously still disagreeing about that so Steve tried to slow it down gently, landing a few short kisses on Tony’s lips before pressing his lips against Tony’s forehead.
“Why are we stopping?” Tony murmured and – unfairly if you asked Steve – went on to kiss Steve’s neck.
“Tony –” he started but found he didn’t know what exactly to say.
Steve took a hold of Tony’s hands to stop him toppling the beer bottles. For a lack of a better place, he guided them to his waist and stomach so that Tony was basically hugging him from behind.
It had been uphill ice-skating the whole way into the HYDRA plant, even Natasha losing her humor. Tony had wanted to bring an untested droid-army to play, a plan which Steve had emphatically belayed, not willing to risk the mission or the team with an unknown factor like that in play.
Tony looked at him with a considering frown as he usually did when he wasn’t sure if Steve was actually was quoting pop culture or not.
They had a meeting with most of the team, Fury updating the latest from Hydra and giving them the heads up about a potential mission in Central Europe. All went well except that Tony hadn’t looked at him once during the whole time.
They had developed mass mind control in the lab. Steve had taken that personally.
”Great,” Steve muttered, though not really bothered other than having to explain to Natasha tomorrow what Tony had meant.
All would work out. They just needed patience and willingness to work for it. Tony was ready. To celebrate it he opened up a bottle of whiskey.
Sam had taken Steve for a short flight as well, testing the carrying capacity with Steve hanging from a one-armed grip.
“I hope you didn’t plan this or I swear to God, Tony,” Steve said, mostly exasperated but also slightly annoyed.
Steve cringed.
”You sleep in tuxedo pants?” He asked as if any of this was normal.
Tony got his oh-no-you-didn’t face on, which inspired both relief and dread in Steve. Relief, because it meant Tony wasn’t that pissed off, anymore, liking it when Steve sassed him back, but also dread because it meant Tony wasn’t far from doing something unadvised.
”Too much for you?” Tony asked, a challenge in his voice.
Tony gave him a half amused, half disbelieving look. "Did you just ask that?"
“You ready?” Steve asked and looked up. Tony met his eyes briefly.
Steve shrugged, kept his sight decidedly on the road. “I’m a visual guy.”
”Thank you, Birdman,” Tony said testily.
Tony shrugged. ”Why not? It's not like I don't have the money.”
Thing was, he had kinda gotten used to it, the crackle of electricity between him and Tony first buried under anger and then distrust. It had been nice to acknowledge it, the evening before, but he hadn’t completely realized how potent it had become.
”I wouldn’t endanger you,” he said.
Tony leaned down to fervently mash their lips together, like he couldn't get enough. Steve welcomed it, wanting nothing more than to stay in that moment where their passion bordered on aggressive.
And alright, maybe he was doing this on purpose, alluding to his body where he knew Tony could hear them well, standing some feet behind them with Clint, but he didn’t have any other ideas. He was hopeful Natasha didn’t clue in on what he was doing.
Steve chuckled. "I do know."
He already had a song he would use. One of his better ideas had been the purchase of several AC/DC song rights.
“You’ve made me kind of curious about what it’d be like. With someone like you. And if I’ve understood correctly, you are interested in me but not necessarily interested in something serious. So, what I was wondering was, if you wanted to make a night out of it sometime? We could go somewhere else if you wanted.”
Steve smiled, too, before he kissed Tony.
Hell, Steve thought. He’d mean to make some room between them but now he was standing
All the same, Steve was well aware what it was about him that most people liked.
”Stark started it,” Barnes mumbled.
Steve crossed his arms on his chest. It sounded very interesting, but –
At one point the team was ribbing him, teasing him about his choice of words for some Hydra underlings earlier the day, during the mission.
It wasn’t his personality.
When Tony didn't continue Steve asked: ”Is it because I knew Howard?” He didn't turn around in case it was easier for Tony to talk when he wasn't looking at him.
Steve took quick action, filling a glass of water and bringing it to Tony. “Jesus, Tony.”
Maybe things would return back to normal after a while.
Tony gave him a look over his glasses. “Am I being taken advantage of?” Then, to a guard that approached them to escort them in: “Help, Captain America is taking advantage of me.”
Steve racked his brain for a few seconds. Then: “I didn’t know you would feel like this against me; it almost takes me apart again.”
It soon became more than heated and the level of urgency led Tony to sit up and straddling Steve’s thighs he placed his hands on Steve’s belt.
“Okay. You didn’t have to lie about it, I wasn’t going to do anything,” Steve said, confused.
Steve shrugged. “Measurements, he insisted. But I kinda wondered about the hands-on approach.”
But he did his best not to let it show so that when Tony appeared in the middle of the breakfast hour to invite the team to a prototype test run on the roof for Sam’s new wings, dress casual, cold drinks served. Steve smiled in the most neutrally way he knew how and accepted the invitation.
Tony let the suit open and collapse. He walked towards the bar. "What's untrue?"
He was already half-way there when he felt Tony’s hand curl around the back of his head to guide him down.
got stuck in his throat. It was like all of a sudden they weren't the same people they had been mere seconds before. He shrugged. ”I suppose.”
”What? Is that it? You don't want me to spend my money on you? Isn't it a bit too late for that?”
But now Tony had asked Steve to the workshop.
”We'll wake someone up if we continue,” Steve whispered, all of a sudden aware that they were not alone in the house.
“It should keep you out of hospital gowns.”
Tony sighed theatrically but acquiesced. “Alright. You drive. It’s got pedals and a steering wheel, nothing’s changed in 70 years.”
“Why would I lie?” Steve asked.
worked.
“That sounds about right,” Steve agreed.
At least his plan worked, Steve thought. It was just that this, this was completely unexpected, out of the left-field, not how it was supposed to go. Tony’d said he wanted –
“I’m sorry, isn’t your black number painted on?”
”You remember me? But I'm not wearing my suit!” The kid's voice got higher to the end of his sentence.
“It’s fine. I wasn’t doing anything important.”
Both times had been perfect.
Steve did his very best to pretend there was nothing wrong, but when Marvin Gaye repeatedly told them to
what Tony had said, but before he could deny it, Steve opened his eyes. Groggily, he asked: ”Excuse me?”
Tony cleared his throat. “That might have been a slight mischaracterization on my part.”
Tony pulled his phone out again and typed something. He put the phone away.
When Fury cut his connection to mark the end of the meeting and they started to roll out of the room, Steve asked Tony to stay behind.
At the tower, they took the elevator up to the penthouse, Steve not pushing the button to where his apartment was on the level below Tony’s.
Then, because he couldn’t help himself: “You know perfectly well I did none of that. Until recently.”
”Do you feel bad?” Steve asked.
He shrugged. ”Why? It's not my fault you had less-than-average sex with Spangles – ”
”Yes,” Tony said. When Barnes didn't relax an iota, he sighed. ”Okay enough. He should wake up soon.”
Steve smiled. “You know he doesn’t listen to me about taking risks like that.”
“Alright,” Tony said. “But just so you know, them having your blood: that’s not okay. It’s yours, not government property. I think it’s enough reason to go through their research if you want.”
know, don’t I?” Then he seemed to think it over in his head. “Deflowering Captain America – who’d have guessed? Jeez, if my dad was alive…”
”We were heading to the gym later.”
He waited a few minutes until the discussion turned to something else and he could easily get up with the excuse of getting more drinks and food from the kitchen.
They sat in silence for a couple of minutes before Tony straightened up. ”Ugh, I need the bathroom.”
“No, no, I get it. I know it’s not going to happen and I know it’d be insane, anyway. You and me? It’s like if Lennon and McCartney had been together – and the Beatles broke up due to a lover’s spat, Jesus. Anyway, I can’t be coming out this late in life, the joke of it. And for a man over a decade younger than me, completely inexperienced in love, I’d be setting us both up for miserable failure. So, don’t worry, I know, okay. And maybe I told you more than I should, but you know, I thought it needed an explanation if I turned you down when you look like that.”
Steve let Tony run in front of him to shield him from the bullets.
Steve came to a stop at the end of the bed, waiting to get a cue from Tony on how to go about it or an affirmation that he’d been actually serious.
“You didn’t even blink when they shot you in the first place,” Tony pointed out.
”I mean Steve. He's consuming you. He's eating you up.”
On the other hand, he was so turned on – and God he could feel how turned on Tony was – that waiting seemed like cruelty. He’d certainly waited too long before, maybe the only correct choice was to seize the moment.
Steve did. Unintentionally, he hissed when Tony sprayed the wound to clean it. The cool liquid made him break out in goosebumps.
“Come on, you must get tons of compliments. And I’m sure if the public’s opinion isn’t good enough for you, you can ask Clint to name the rest of the people who chose you.”
Tony seemed relieved. He looked away before asking: “So you don’t think he ever – liked men?”
Steve turned so he was on his side, leaning on his arm, looking at Tony.
“And you will be naked,” Tony swallowed.  Jesus. “I should really stop coming to the kitchen.”
Tony started to regenerate the broken flesh tissue with the cradle. He put his other hand on Steve’s shoulder to keep him still. His fingers pressed against the crook of his neck. Steve swallowed. This wasn’t really an optimal time to talk about this.
”Alright?”
”Yeah. I did say that.”
Tony found it funny, of course. He looked pleased, as well.
Tony had looked up at that and the way he swallowed was a sign that Steve’s sartorial choice hadn’t been in vain.
Shit.
Tony waited for a moment before joining Steve running laps around the practice mats. Sam was right. It was fun to witness an enhanced person using their enhanced skills, especially when there wasn't a mortal danger making it hard to concentrate.
It wasn’t only the artist in him that came to life seeing the look on Tony’s face as he hit his peak, but the man in him, as well.
Tony kept silent even though Steve would have thought him to protest the jibe at his facial hair.
Steve got the hint and curled his hand around Tony’s cock, wet with Steve’s come and both of their sweat. Tony thrust into his grip, urgently, with his mouth open.
Without the press, Tony kept an appropriate distance, but his conversation was still laced with teasing remarks to make light fun of Steve. Steve answered in kind and decided to take the shift in atmosphere as the gift it was.
Steve waited.
”Are you deflecting or answering?”
Later, after he had made a speech to commemorate a late philanthropist who’d set up a center for veterans, he returned to the table to see Tony was missing.
Tony nodded to himself. “Yeah, we never talked about it, but it wouldn’t have been like him to bother himself with people’s romantic interests. It was about what you could do, not who you wanted to do.”
to the imagination, at least. It didn't make looking at you so hard.”
“He’s still alive?”
Steve waited for a moment before he jumped so that he got a grip on the edge of the hole. As he started to pull himself up, the ceiling edge broke down underneath his other hand. He lost his balance momentarily and wondered if he was going to fall but someone gripped his arm and started to pull him up.
Steve raised an eyebrow but didn’t move out of the way.
Maybe a vow.
Bucky shrugged. ”So what? We both know there are a lot worse things than a little unfaithfulness. Hell, it didn't really stop me even before the war.”
“Make me,” Steve said.
Steve drew a breath in.
“You know what,” Tony said.
“Take them off,” he said when Tony seemed to hesitate with his own pants.
Tony had already turned around so it was made that much easier when Steve didn’t have to see his face.
“Everything okay?” Steve asked.
Again, telling himself he was saving Tony from himself, he changed the topic.
Tony searched his face and he must have seen Steve was serious for he closed his eyes and said: “Oh, thank God.”
”That's it? Real nice?”
Tony opened his mouth in shock. ”Why are you always funny when I'm too uncomfortable to appreciate it properly?”
Without looking back, he cleared his throat. ”It's even tighter than it looks like.”
“Hope you had a nice stay,” she remarked.
”Company,” Tony observed.
“What’s that supposed to mean?” Steve asked, feeling himself mentally gearing up for a confrontation.
“Yeah, yeah. Full marks, Rogers. Your first time. I’m impressed,” Tony said. Steve glanced at him only to notice that Tony, still sitting on the ground, had his arms crossed across his chest almost in a protective manner and he was seemingly avoiding looking at Steve.
Steve snorted. “I blinked. I was behind you, you didn’t see. I might have even grimaced.”
Weird. Steve gave Tony a glance and if Steve wasn’t mistaken, he looked like something was pressing on his mind.
It had been something, Steve had thought. A man with an energy reactor embedded in his chest to prevent shrapnel from his own bomb entering his heart, glowing in clear white-blue, a light in the dark. Steve had thought about the unintentional symbolism a lot, once.
Normally fighting for your life with someone smoothed out most of the angles and let you fit together one way or another, glued you together. Not exactly with Tony. It was a problem because Tony clearly didn't trust him enough. Steve had given it time, been present at the tower, tried to include Tony more in the strategic side of the team leading, but there was still a distance between them.
”I was only wondering if I’m not too big to be the little spoon,” Steve replied.
When Tony was right, he was right.
”Almost five.”
Steve shrugged. “I just realized how I’m going to be thinking about this, all the time. About you in my bed, what we did last night, what you whispered in my ear at the end.”
That had meant something. Right?
“Not of your clavicles,” Steve answered. “But I did have a thought or two about your nipples,” he said, half-jokingly but really not at all.
”It was  – ”
Going to meet Steve wasn't because he was planning to cheat on Pepper. If that was the case, he would have ambushed Steve somewhere private. Instead, he wanted to live a few more moments with just the possibility of having Steve close to him in a way he had always categorized as full on day dreaming.
It wasn't just Barnes he had been mad at. It hadn't been HYDRA either.
Steve turned to look at Tony, curious that the man hadn’t just blurted out whatever was on his mind.
”Did you get your fill of the view?”
When he didn’t say anything, Tony continued: ”So, turns out I was right.”
"Eh, it's better than doing nothing here so sure I guess"
"Oh my God!!"
"Well I figured I'd come considering I would probably never again see a super soldier turned over night into a baby by a frost giant adopted by a god simply because he was bored!" She replied(again rather fast) and panting.
I hate that kid, he was so mean! And to think he has the nerve to come asking for candy at our house, I suppose he didn't know and even though Dad and Pops may be over it, but they weren't the ones who got wet and I wanted revenge. You know, his is coming to our house, and there are pumpkins here for the 'Avengers Carving Contest' later. This could be fun. I opened the attic window and rolled the pumpkin until it was positioned just outside it. I waited and watched as the boy came to our porch. Great! 3.......2......wait, where's he going!? He can't have taken chocolate or been rejected or whatever that fast. I climbed over the carved pumpkin(Clint was going to cheat) to try and get a better look at who was there and maybe even what happened. That was when I saw Pops. What I didn't know was that, my leg had pushed the pumpkin the littlest bit but it was enough to send it rolling. Rolling but mostly falling, and by falling I mean falling straight on Pops' head.
"He should have left the Tower, hats of to him." Cap is really protective about this shield. Throw that into a blender with a perfectionist and you get more that half of Cap's personality which Tony is feeling right now.
Peter ran down the stairs and hugged him with all his might. Steve chuckled but hugged back just as tight, both using their enhanced strength.
"No, why?" replies Steve looking confused so he walks into the bathroom and sees bubbles forming at the surface of the water and no Peter. At this point, he was so white, one could debate who's paler, him or an egg.
"I see you're trying to avoid the topic, fine. Everyone else may be here about that, but you know damn well why we are. Because if I'm being honest, I could have lived with the Accords but what I can't live with is what you did, not only to me but to Peter.", I said with pure disappointment on my face. Okay, so maybe my calm strategy isn't working but let's not give up.
"Hey." I roll around to see Steve there. Oh right, this is his bedroom.
"Hey come join us, we're going to dance our butts off!!!!"
"Feel better?" Aww, he's so thoughtful! Oh wait no, he's normal, I'm just not. Eh.
Wait what's that in the corner? Oh my God! He didn't!
"Hey Capsicle."
"Pete, your daddy fell of the bed in his sleep and I didn't want to disturb him. But are you okay? Why are you crying?"
"Ya know, I'm already three I think I'm pretty able to give myself a bath, Papa." Peter says innocently but knowing that there's no chance of it happening.
"I love you too."
"At least you weren't burnt."
"No!" He's never gonna give this up.
"What's with sending Steve to flirt with everyone on this effing beach!?" Oh, now he gotta answer, and if he doesn't I have a backup suit perfect for this occasion.
"My apologies dear friend, I shall be less careless next time. Anyway, Loki's here. Isn't it fantastic!" Not even in my dreams.
"We'll talk later." Steve smirked at him and started walking away.
"Well, yeah."
"In the shower in your room sir, would you like me to pull up visuals as usual?" Wtf.
Oh shit. I quickly hand the baby off to a very confused Bruce and take Peter into my arms comforting him.
"Hi, who is this?" He was talking to a young-ish guy and hot damn, was he ripped as shit. Like, he was down right shredded.
"Oh Capsicle, innocent innocent Capsicle. That's a Hippie Salon. There's not many in New York and many people don't know about them. But, you stumbled upon one." Okay, what is a hippie salon. I know what salon is but on hippie, I'm just blank.
I led the way to an open area but still visible from where Tony was sitting, it was really nice and the forest behind was so adding to its aesthetic. Also, it was packed with people, perfect. We go around talking to people, they were really polite but I think it was just because he was Captain America. We need more global recognition. Anyway, Tony was looking straight at him, yay!
"I don't wo." I still missed my Mommy but having Peter there made it all okay.
my thoughts were cut of by a pair of lips on mine and strong arms on my waist. But like all good things, and due to f***ed up science, we had to breathe and it came to an end. But it was still one of the best kisses I've ever had.
"Pete, I don't think this is a goo-" I was about to shut him down when he hits me with those six-year old puppy dog eyes.
"So the baby is Steve?!!" Nat basically shouted at me in the living room while the kids(including Clint) were playing on the floor, and Mjolnir earned a prime spot in front of the coffee table. The entire team was sitting in front of me either gaping or with their jaws dropped.
"Thanks." Steve said putting them on(don't worry he had underwear! Perverts).
"Hey Tony how do you feel about getting another baby?"
"...my brother is being coronated and I'm afraid taking him away from such an auspicious event with not go down well with my father, no matter how big the crime. We will have to wait a week or two."
"Hey dad, oh hey everyone" Peter said as he looked over my shoulder to see the rest of the team sitting in the living room.
"Hey honey!" I bend down and kiss him on the cheek, we've been together for like a couple of months and he still blushes when I do that.
"Are you....afraid?" Yes!! I want Pops! He's always big and warm and...safe.
Everything was fine until in the middle of the night, Peter just randomly starts crying. I wake up with a jump and then there is a loud...
"Hey Thor. You said you wouldn't land on the lawn."
I pull his hat off and honestly I'm still shook which is weird cause I really should've seen this coming. So damn naive.
About ten minutes through, Steve gets a call from Bucky, his best friend. He really wanted to talk to Bucky but by no means was he going to leave Peter alone. So he goes to Tony, "can I put you on hold for a minute" he says while moving over to Steve and kissing him passionately yet quickly, "what is it hun?" Tony was suing a company for copying his latest StarkPhone, even though it was patented, I mean the nerve of people these days!
"I don't know Pete but just remember, never deny Daddy of donuts. Got it?" He did a cute little nod in reply, technically everything he does is cute but this was adorable.
"Could you turn the torch on?" I held out my phone so hopefully she could help me. Yes, she's doing it!
"No. I am not letting you get away with this. Every time Tony, every single time!" I wasn't usually oe to get angry, I was generally rather calm and composed but that also meant that when I went off, I went off hard. My voice barely rose a few decibels by each word. I liked building up.
"When he heard you leave." I said kinda impressed. Steve isn't really the 'detective type' and I didn't think he would be one to figure this out.
"Hello, infant mortal." Who was that. I've never heard it before. He sounded scary.
We just had lunch and Aunt Pepper dropped of toys so I played with my new friend. He didn't speak but was very nice and I really liked him. After a few minutes, Daddy(Tony) walked in. "
"It's where people go to get a Hippie makeover!" What? Well, I'm guessing he could still see confusion written on my face cause he handed me a face mirror and-
PS. Steve never gave me that Platinum card back.
Summary:-So Peter is about three here Tony is busy running Stark Industries so mostly Steve takes care of Peter who wants to start doing things himself. Let's see what happens
Steve suddenly looked up from his drawing and glared at me.
"I cannot believe my brother has done such a thing! And he has kept his scepter! OUTRAGEOUS!" God, get an inside voice! Jeez!
"Changing the topic, Steve, HOW THE FUCK CAN YOU LIFT MJOLNIR!!! AND NOT TELL ME!!!!"
Whattup, yes I've recently updated all my old stonies, but it's only cause I got a new writing style but I do recommend you reading the Civil War AU cause it's kinda different while the others are still 'eh'. Tell me what you think of this? Is it better, worse, can't see the difference? Anything. Also you may not have noticed but this is my first not superfamily stony so yay!!
"Well do we know how this happened?" Bruce asked still in awe.
"I'm sooooo bored!" Peter on a lazy Saturday afternoon was no picnic to handle. It was only the three of us in the tower that day and we seemed to have completely run out of ideas. Steve was doodling on his art book while me and Peter were watching TV. It was actually really interesting, they were interviewing a racer and i was excited.
"It was a surprise to me too, why don't we go ask your boyfriend?" She smirked and we walked down to the lab. I don't know why I blush because we are dating but it happens anyway. At least she can't see that I am.
"I think I burned dinner though." He added. I smiled and he smiled back and soon we were hugging tightly.
"I was going to have lunch, wanted to wait." That's one of my advantages, I'm quick on my feet.
"Am I dreaming!!"
"Thanks, Clint made them and traded out my entire wardrobe." Clint! Damn it, lost the bet with myself. Eh, I'm still rich af so I don't care.
"Hi." It was restrained. Not to mention the fact that it sounded like I hadn't had any water in the past month. I clear my throat and wow, my mouth was dry.
Soon enough, he and Tony come back and sit on the couch.
"So he's tryna make me jealous?" Steve isn't really one to do that, so I'm not sure. I just wanted to make sure.
"Well, I'm gonna go back, Pietro is probably worried." I walk back. This is gonna be a looong night!
"Steve." He spoke quietly, his face cringing, hopefully at the self disappointment.
"I know you're blushing, I'm not stupid!"
"I knew he wouldn't last." I hate her. It was no point asking her. She trotted back to her room so I went back to our bedroom where Steve was while Pete spent time with his Wanda.
"Why don't we spend the weekend at, drumroll please, Disneyland!!!"
"Cool! It reaches your shoulders!" Ugh. Clint is pissing me off and I've had enough of his shit.
"Steve! Give them back!" I wasn't harsh but came off a little needy. What the hell, I was needy. So after a lot of screaming, and I mean a lot, I decided to play to Steve's weaknesses. Me and Peter kneeled down and started begging. Peter made his puppy-eyes and I knew they would work. After a lot of mind conflict, Steve gave in, I ran to get the box from him but his hand was empty.
Wow I didn't even realize I was crying until he pointed it out.
"Thanks Nat." Steve went back to our bedroom smug as hell.
"I'll figure it out, but the power will be back on nothing before Monday. Sorry."
"Yes sir, he was preparing to make goat cheese ravioli, but may I suggest leaving the cooking to him, it isn't exactly one of your many strongsuits." (who says robots can't make puns?)
"No need, I got it." I get the ball and barely look at Tony which was noticable. During the game, I wanted to make Tony as jealous as possible. I told Pietro to aim for Steve's head and whenever he got hit, I used to go up to him and rub his back even though it was completely unnecessary. You know cause he's a super soldier. Soon, we got a bit bored so we decided to go check out the beach, not in the way Tony was doing.
We drove back home on his motorcycle while the suit followed us on our tail and when we got home, we cuddled up and fell asleep almost instantly.
Peter pouts hoping to persuade his father and I do the same but Tony doesn't listen and drags us to the car.
"I love you too!" Shit, why did I say that? What if he was joking? Come on, of course he was joking. I mean why wo-
"Where were you?!" Oh yep, he's grumpy. Damn the stupid alarm.
"N- no." Just because he was right, doesn't mean I'm gonna tell him.
(See the end of the chapter for
"It's nice and simple, which is why I like it." And stress relieved.
"Hey hon." I missed him and his cuteness.
"Sorry guys, I gotta head out." I needed to get back to Peter. And my even less mature Tony.
"How do you give CPR to a three year old?!!!!!" Steve screamed out as Tony hung up the phone but Tony was just blank, I mean his son could be dying obviously until, "Jarvis, get Bruce here right now and tell him its a code red!!"
"Please Cap, I know you probably can't forgive me but I know you still love me!!"
"Steeb!"
At that moment, a blonde girl came into the shop screaming "Monica!!" But the weird part was she was wearing a wedding dress. There was this big commotion and we were disturbed so I left a fifty and we walked out. I mean the audacity of people these days astonishes me, doesn't anyone know how to keep a low key?! We talked a lot and I legit begged him to take me back, it probably wasn't my strongest point but I really need him and Pete back.
It was a wonder that they even found time for one another. Their dates were scarce and far apart, but somehow they made it work. Steve was halfway in his uniform and Tony was heading for his workshop. An alarm to assemble had woken them up after a rare night together and they were rushing to their positions. Before Tony could disappear, he turned to Steve and pulled him into a chased goodbye kiss. Neither of them lingered and in the next moment the two of them was ready to tackle whatever the villains decided to throw at them. They would always savor these kind of kisses, because they both knew it might be their last.
“Yes?” He added, mainly because he knew how the other loved verbal confirmation.
The crude noise of was probably an AC/DC song, or some other band, made them stop. He noticed Tony just turning off the horrendous sound and was about to go right back and kissing the soldier. Steve however leaned away. If they stared kissing again he would carry Tony back to the bedroom and then he would be even later to his meeting. Or miss it completely. Honesty, he wasn’t even ashamed of keeping Stark to himself, he hated sharing the smaller man.
VII. Unbreakable Kiss
Thor and Clint was enthusiastically filling their plates as they retold their favorite parts of the battle. They seemed to agree on it being when Thor blew up the mothership with a strike a Mjolnir. It was nice to see everyone getting along. Even Natasha Romanoff who pretended to be plotting something sinister in the other corner, was obviously emerged in Clint and Thor’s conversation. She added her own view of the battle and Thor seemed to agree with her.
He didn't think Tony would try to hurt Bucky, but the thought of two of them alone did not sit well with him. He had to get out of the room.
“The Bugatti?” Tony asked.
”Glad to be of help,” Steve muttered sarcastically. ”First you use my shirt as a towel, now I’m a radiator. Anything else I can do for you?”
It was, Steve found, curious that they could so easily cultivate the low-burning interest between them into something more urgent. Maybe it was just the fact that it was spoken out, put into words, that made it into something corporeal. Maybe it only existed right here and right now where they had announced it, like a spell.
”Then don't harass him with your weird, erotic stories, for God's sake!”
Steve waited a beat, then asked: "Do you mean you get immodest thoughts when you look at me?"
“The way you look, Tony,” he continued, “the way you smell, it makes my blood hot, short-circuits my brain.”
Steve swallowed. If sleep had interrupted the slow spread of heat inside him from before, it came back now, full force.
Tony took a sip of his own before putting it down. He looked at Steve.
That double-entendre had Tony give into a laugh. ”I don’t know, I’m sure I’ve managed in a lot worse condition.”
Tony groaned and kissed him deeper.
“Steve.”
“What’s up, Cap?” Tony said, with a perfectly relaxed air, finally answering Steve’s gaze.
And alright, Steve hadn’t lied when he’d said this wasn’t a big deal to him. He wasn’t in love with Tony. He wasn’t. It’s just that there wasn’t really anybody else in his life that he found interesting the way he found Tony interesting. Tony had been the first person to really push his buttons this new century, the first who really got under his skin and one of the first people that he’d forged a real human connection with. Of course, on top of it all, Steve really liked how Tony looked.
”You think everybody got back alright?”
So, Tony had had to face the fact that he could get so angry at Steve that he could have killed the guy that obviously meant the world to him. It had all been of course really muddled in the heat of the moment, and Tony wasn't sure if he would have really gone for the killing shot, but the bottom line was that for a short while at least, he had honest-to-God wanted to hurt Steve that much.
Tony didn’t, surprisingly, decline the help, and even let Steve put a hand on the small of his back to steer him through the mass of people.
me. I don't doubt that.”
“I’ve yet to hear a reason,” Tony pointed out.
Steve had many flaws, but he did have a great deadpan. ”I've had this one, too. Does yours end in a cold shower?”
Steve couldn’t really fathom why: they hadn’t been on a mission since the kidnapping so it was unlikely Avengers-related.
“I liked the part where you called them the ‘spineless laboring underneath indifferent masters to bring everybody else down to the same level of degradation’,” Natasha said. “Not that they give two fucks about what you say, but it’s the thought that counts.” She offered her bottle to toast against Steve’s in celebration.
”Is this weird?”
earns what I make. So I feel like maybe I should use it generously to better other people's lives.”
“What do you know, I kinda do,” he said against Steve’s lips.
Steve gave him a long, unimpressed look. ”Not entirely.”
They had already decided to stop with the pre-dirty-talk. After Pepper left he would scrap the dozen or so suit designs in red, white, blue and see-through. He would conquer this.
Case in point: Tony didn’t seem to be in knots over all the other people who’d voted for him.
Later, they had mostly retired inside when the sun had started to set. The wings were a success based on the enthusiasm Sam clapped Tony’s shoulder with when he finally had the patience to land.
“I wasn’t kidding when I said I’d gladly not mention it. It’s not – a thing.”
“I’m sure half the blood they take to develop better pain medication for me or whatever is to develop better sedatives to knock me out if needed.”
Steve wasn’t even looking, but if he was, he’d go for someone who challenged him.
That seemed to have cleared the air between them, Steve was glad to note. He saw more of Tony around the Tower and they had easy conversations. On top of that, the mission to the Ukrainian Hydra base was executed to perfection. No injuries, no casualties, no damaged property or gear, and the smokescreen worked beautifully, disabling the three laser cannons defending the lab and barracks built under old ruins so they could just barge in.
Tony leaned back on his knees and did just so. Steve got up a bit, leaning against his arms to get a better look of Tony completely naked.
“I’m sorry,” Steve said. “I always have the wrong timing with these things, the wrong place, the wrong person. I genuinely hope this doesn’t come between us.”
”I can be in a devout relationship and admire superhuman physique at the same time.”
Steve nodded. ”Yeah. I like touching you,” he explained and immediately made a face at how it sounded out loud.
“Captain Rogers,” the tech started. “I, ah, I’m sorry but would you mind if I –” he said and held out a phone.
With his hands already in place, he pushed Tony’s pants down a bit, giving Tony the hint to get them off.
It smelled good.
“I just thought,” Tony said against his jaw, his shoulders and head being the only point of contact with the table, “Is this what they mean by saying ‘climbing someone like a tree’?”
Tony smiled but without any mirth behind it. “Nobody’s ever said anything like that to me. Not even close.”
Steve felt a hot thrill go through him at the implication. He flopped down on his back and closed his eyes.
Tony 's face lit up with glee. Steve rolled his eyes at him. ”Get your mind out of the gutter, Stark,” he admonished him.
No. He’d been social and friendly in the hours leading up to this slightly dizzy yet comfortable existence. He’d done his part. He had earned this. Maybe he should have gone to his own room but most of his team members and other guests had already passed out in various locations around the Stark Tower common areas. So when sitting on the balcony floor, he’d started to feel his eyes droop he’d gladly given in. The early August air was warm even so high up and so late – or early? – and he felt so heavy but so nice just there, melting into the balcony carpet, one with the floor and the whole damn ugly building.
Two hours later, sitting on his bed alone, and he was very conscious of how wrong he’d been about that. He’d thought he’d been pretty obvious: he’d joked to the team that he had to go practice his speeches. How else could Tony have interpreted that than as an invite?
Steve felt suddenly easy about it all. ”Then it happens.”
”Was – was last night alright?” He asked after a while.
“Intelligence, speaking your mind,” he said instead.
“Well,” Steve said. “I can.”
”No,” Tony drawled. ”A visionary did.”
“What? No, I didn’t. I just thought I’d inform you about his inclinations after I found out. A public service,” Tony defended himself.
A silence. “I didn’t ask but he told me, already. Gleefully. Turns out you were the only one,” Tony said. He shrugged, “Not even Pepper showed me any loyalty.”
Steve was pretty certain the upper level was off-limits for the party, but he didn’t object to the change in direction. The two shots had given him, for the time being, a slight buzz, and sneaking off to restricted sections with Tony sounded weirdly appealing.
“Is this the part where you say something saccharine about the angle of my clavicles?” Tony asked teasingly.
He hadn't felt too good about himself after that, about the choices he'd made and the reasons behind them.
Tony sat up first. “So, that happened,” he said.
When the end credits rolled Tony stood up and Steve felt a pang of disappointment. He’d hoped maybe another film. It was late but it was easy for him to stay up. He could understand, though, that Tony must have been tired.
”Didn't know you cooked.”
“Thanks.”
“Uh, Fury’s waiting for you in his office.”
Alright, Steve thought. It seemed unlikely to him that a billionaire superhero with people lining up to get even a second of his attention would be in need of flattery, but. Who knew, maybe Tony was feeling self-conscious after he and Pepper had separated. He hadn’t seen anybody else since, as far as Steve was aware.
Steve could feel his heart beating faster – he took a step forward. “Tony –”
During the award dinner, they were all at the same table, Steve sitting between Nat and Tony. All seemed normal, Tony acting almost like the former aloofness or even the kiss never happened.
Steve turned to him, raised his eyebrow. ”Well. I can hold my own in a fight.”
”This is not how I imagined this would go.”
He supposed all he could do was wait.
Tony felt a stab of embarrassment somewhere deep inside. Not because of what he'd said, exactly, but to have been caught in a private moment.
Steve rolled his eyes. ”Not exactly. Some gymnastics, sure. The longest handstand, for example.”
Tony gazed around the room, finding the glass forgotten in his hand to fixate on. “I was... content. Content that whether I ever found anyone again, whether me and Pepper might get back together again someday or whether this was it for me, I had had my share. Right? But then this man – I’m talking about you, by the way,” Tony said the last bit like an accusation even if he didn’t raise his eyes to meet Steve’s.
”Oh. Okay. I – uh, can I,” Tony said, although Steve wasn't really sure what it was Tony had meant.
All in all their conversation had been a complete disaster, but it could have been a lot worse, Tony reflected later. And to be fair, it had been their first time, there was only room for improvement.
Snorting, Tony took a few steps closer so they were face to face. “I’m sure we can try to top it.”
Knowing he was really pushing his luck with the nudity, Steve collected his clothes and started to dress. Tony was following his example, though a bit slower, something obviously still on his mind.
He hoped it was the right answer, the whole situation being more or less like a hellish job interview: not only did you not know what they wanted to hear, you weren’t even sure what it was that you were applying for.
Soon after, Steve made his excuses and went to find Natasha.
Tony's face closed off. ”What needs to stop?”
Tony didn’t pursue the topic any further in the car, thankfully.
”Straight out ignoring. In fact, I think I'm ready to leave.”
“I’ll help you,” Tony said and proceeded to do the opposite by reaching his arms around Steve and moving some of the stuff around. Steve would have laughed if it hadn’t brought Tony flush against his back.
”Don't tell me you haven't even once wanted to peel him out of his garbs and polish his gun, or whatever you called it in the army,” Tony snarked. He wasn't angry at Barnes, but he was annoyed his hospital bed -confession had been disrupted.
“You know, for such an uncomplicated, conventional soldier you can be goddamn confusing at times,” Tony said.
Tony was having a hard time not to comment on that. Steve went on: “Maybe I just feel bad creating more expenses than necessary for you.”
Steve swallowed.
After, Tony dropped down on top of him and pressed his face against Steve’s neck. Sated and content, Steve stroked his back until they drowsed off.
Tony interpreted the silence the wrong way, as an affirmation to what he thought. He sighed again. Then, with a slight touch of teasing humor: “Was it for me? The jeans?”
Steve put the spatula down and said slowly: ”Tony. I've been interested in you for years.”
”And how do they usually go?”
Steve's pulse was speeding, Tony's confession had completely flabbergasted him. He'd never guessed that behind Tony's reservedness was a sexual attraction. He didn't know what to think. It wasn't really – unwanted, he realized. Tony's professed interest in him didn't make him feel uncomfortable.
Steve raised his hips to let Tony know how much he wanted this, wanted
After finishing their ten minute run Tony was sweating already. Steve who had probably done half a marathon or something, seemed barely out of breath. Steve went on to hit a bag. Tony decided to stretch.
As Tony was wiping his hands on his shirt, Steve stared at him with a very unimpressed look but that only increased the self-satisfaction radiating from Tony.
Tony did.
”I don't want to know,” Sam said. He was short of patience because of some family drama, Tony remembered. He crossed his arms. ”Has he woken up, yet?”
Steve didn’t know how exactly Tony liked it, but Tony wasn’t shy about his pleasure whenever Steve stroked him just right, his hand grasping against Steve’s thigh in tandem with his groans and sighs.
“What, there’s more?”
table.
When Tony came back he was wearing sleep pants and a tank top.
Tony was completely immersed in the projection in seconds. “Yeah, we’re not flying in. See here? That’s a goddamn laser.”
“Just as perfect as I thought,” Steve explained.
“Well,” Tony said. “Rest assured they’ve been appreciated.”
”That’s sad,” Tony said.
”You,” Tony greeted. He didn't feel murderous, but he sure didn't feel very generous, either.
The stop at a burger joint couldn’t have been more excruciating for Steve. It seemed absurd that waxing poetic about Tony had seemed like a reasonable idea to him. Not a big deal. Tony had asked for it, what could go wrong. He knew it wasn’t just his uncharacteristically bad judgment, he had wanted to tell Tony. If for nothing else then for having someone to know he could feel like this, that he wasn’t just orders, training and fighting.
Tony seemingly acquiesced, though Steve had the feeling this wasn’t going to be the last time he heard about it. Tony had a habit of bringing up uncomfortable matters at unfortunate times, often to just crack a joke.
“Based on the measurements I’d say its reach is about a mile, not more. And that’s assuming it’s not cloudy.”
Bucky looked away. ”You know when you get these notions, and you believe you are right, but maybe, maybe sometimes you're wrong.”
“Just peachy,” Tony answered, still short of breath. Steve helped him up and they turned to follow Natasha, who had watched their clumsy acrobatics bemusedly.
Tony was an expressive guy, generally speaking, but now Steve couldn’t have interpreted his feelings any more he could have interpreted those of a stone wall.
"Your helmet, it's like a shell?"
”Isn't that what you call yourself? A visionary?”
Thinking about it later Steve wondered if he hadn’t screwed up a bit. It was a clearly 1940s strategy to pretend he’d never said anything at all and seeing how Tony had acted weird for several days after their brief kidnapping he started to think maybe he should have tried to have a real conversation about it instead of vague promises that there was nothing there.
“Waiting to get a car that’s not in your name so you can get caught by the speed cameras. Nobody’s going to believe if I try to tell that it wasn’t
“Don’t tell me, during the war you made it across Europe on your hands and knees,” Tony remarked.
, he focused on just not looking at Tony. His army trained poker face was challenged to its limits – it had been far easier to keep it together when Jacques had crawled out of his tent completely wasted a mere second after Steve had vowed in front of an inspecting officer they had not one drop of alcohol with them.
“Yeah,” Tony said and went on to ground the beans. Maybe he shouldn't say anything anymore. He put the ground coffee into the portafilter, tamped it down. He sensed Steve was going to open his mouth again and quickly switched on the machine.
Tony stood up and looked at Steve consideringly. “Wanna go to SHIELD? We can grab burgers on the way back.”
“Ok. Thanks.”
Tony shifted in his place. “That’s just really difficult to see. Or understand.”
”I said I want to do it like they do on Discovery Channel with you, I want to – ”
Tony shook his head. “It's fine, I don't think it's that bad.”
Tony cleared his throat. “I'm good. I just came to get coffee.” Then: “The beans are in the cupboard over you. In a black box. Give it to me?”
Tony strained his head around to press their faces together as he came. Steve stroked him gently through it.
”Uh, I can’t sit through another,” Tony said as if reading Steve’s mind, ”but, you know, the bed is pretty big. To sleep.”
”Tony, I know you love me, even
“No time to go by home,” Natasha answered. “But don’t worry. Steve can throw you.”
as a song choice was blatant enough in its lyrics that most people would think it was completely tongue in cheek, the small minded bigots and idiots would think it was a manly rock song for a manly man. Nobody would know it was a memento of a time when Tony Stark might have ended up in bed with Steve Rogers, of a time when, almost
“I hope I didn’t interrupt you,” Tony said, obviously lying to just keep the moment going.
“Sure, a few. To most, I’m a story told by their grandparents. Or parents,” Steve said. He alluded to Howard on purpose but he was well prepared not to talk about him, Tony rarely wanted to.
”I only go to the most important missions anymore – ”
“I'm sorry about the video – and about this popsicle,” Tony rushed to say. “It won't happen again. We won't happen, ever. I know that now.”
Steve stared through the nature document they were half-heartedly watching. ”I don't know.”
“Rogers, you are a menace.”
Steve averted his eyes. Right. Coming. “Okay. I'll go now. See you around.”
A minute passed. ”Did you want to eat?”
”Well,” Tony started. ”You did kinda imply you don’t have much experience,” he said and dropped a kiss on Steve’s shoulder blade. ”I wasn’t going to – break out the whips and chains. Not that I’m into that kind of thing – to be fair, I don’t really get how’s hurting someone else supposed to be alright just because you get off on it. You’d think that would make it worse. Anyway, it wasn’t just that. I guess we – well. I guess that’s just how we fit together.”
Tony shrugged.
”Then what?”
Looking at Tony looking at him, it made him throb, very literally so. He wasn’t sure how long he could take this slow tease, them not even touching, just looking.
“Just one answer and I’ll leave you alone. Out of all the Avengers and connected personnel, who would you want to do the most? You’re leading the poll, by the way.”
Tony wasn’t the strongest guy but he definitely had a good pair of arms on him and it took next to no time to make the climb.
Or the big little spoon, he thought as he felt Tony’s breath against his back. He snorted at the thought.
“Shush, you traitor,” Tony ordered, exasperated.
Suddenly, Tony laughed into their kiss. Steve broke it off and nuzzled against Tony’s face and made an inquiring sound.
Tony wasn’t working on anything – other than a glass of whiskey.
Alright. “Yes,” Steve said. He wasn’t ashamed and he wasn’t pursuing Tony, but he did get that it was a bit unexpected.
Natasha slapped his ass. “Oh, shush. It’s to distract my opponents. Not my fault men are weak.”
Steve sat up. The sheet pooled at his waist. Tony couldn't help a glance at him. Steve didn't bother covering himself up. He rather had his nakedness be a reminder of what had happened just a few hours before. ”Will it help?”
“One gets used to that in the army,” Steve said.
Steve chuckled. ”I get by, but yeah. Sometimes.”
They looked at each other in the eye as Steve, with Tony’s cooperation, repeated the motion. Then they were kissing again. Steve felt Tony’s hands start to hurriedly unbutton Steve’s shirt. That was fine, he decided. He re-draw the line at full nudity in the privacy-less room.
"Shellhead."
Tony didn't look at him. ”Too much to think.”
”What do you mean by that?” Tony interrupted. While he didn't as a rule like when people talked over Pepper, he also disliked being told what he was like, what he was
Steve got it and he didn’t usually mind it that much even when he’d rather be doing something else. Often enough, there were moments where it was just like hanging out with his friends, even if in tuxedos and evening gowns.
Steve kinda wanted to kiss him one more time, but he wasn’t sure if it would have been welcome.
”Speak of the devil,” Tony said and grinned. He lifted his arm and curled it around Steve’s shoulders.
, wanted whatever. Tony took the opportunity to slip Steve’s underwear off, too.
Steve didn't sleep much so it was safe to assume Tony hadn't possibly slept at all. ”What time is it?”
Not yet wanting to give in to the more and more present impulse, Steve took a deep breath and changed the subject.
Steve made an encore of putting the glass back down, this time turning his back more where the door was. And Tony.
”Not you, Mr Stark!”
“Right,” Tony said and crossed his arms over his chest. “Sometimes I talk a lot of shit.”
Barnes stared at him, tense, poised for 'getting the hell out of here'. ”Is he okay?”
He stepped closer and pushed his body against Tony’s. Tony made a pleased sound and deepened the kiss. Their bodies pressed together really switched something on and for the next minute, Steve found himself drowning in the act, in the intimacy, in Tony.
”Maybe – this way,” he turned around and pulled Tony with him. ”I’m not going through the party without a shirt on,” he explained.
”What?” Tony asked, curious.
If Steve had needed any proof it had been a bit too much, here he had it. He had let his mouth run and made this whole thing a hell of a lot more serious it had any right to be taking into consideration it began with Clint having an immaturely high competitive streak.
Steve shrugged. "I don't know."
Tony grinned. “Yeah, I was going mad thinking if the sex we had was you having some passing interest, what would it be like to be someone you loved.”
Tony stood up. ”Are you afraid I'm going to use it against you? Like you owe me something? That I'm paying you so you can't disagree with me? Is that what you think of me?”
There was friction now and heat, sweat making the slow, slow grind they’d started that much slicker.
”You ready to talk now?” Bucky turned in the office chair to greet Steve at the same time revealed the computer with a YouTube page opened up. Steve could guess what Bucky had been watching.
She nudged him with her shoulder. “I just don’t think you need to.”
”I can’t really imagine us on a date,” Steve stated.
When Steve woke up he was alone, but he was certain somebody had been in his room before. He thought he remembered Bucky and – Tony bickering? He hoped not. After he felt around a bit and was relatively sure he had all his limbs in working order he sat up.
Steve felt his cheeks heat. ”I don't know if it would have helped.” Then: ”I suppose we could have tried.”
He cleared his throat. “In no particular order: the definition in your arms, how confidently you carry yourself, your mouth, your humor – and that what you’re sitting on.”
This time when they came together for a kiss Tony laid on top of Steve, skin to skin. Steve wasn’t sure which one of them shivered due to the contact.
Otherwise Tony kept the video from becoming clearly sexualized. It would have been slightly crass, and not really fitting for the wholesome picture they wanted to paint about the Avengers at the moment.
They shared a not-too-uncomfortable silence for a minute, Tony on the sofa and Steve standing by the mock-fireplace. Or it probably was real, Steve had just never seen it used.
”No. You're obsessing.”
”What the hell is wrong with Wilson?
The rest of the night was going to be long, he thought as he stared at the ceiling.
"I'm well aware, thank you."
“Great,” Tony mumbled. Steve prepared mentally to carry Tony if need be. They had to be quick now, their escape was likely already noticed.
Steve noticed that Tony hadn’t yet actually asked.
”Can't you do that alone?”
“Yeah, an acquired taste, I’m sure.”
He knew he probably should have.
Looking at each other, Steve knew that one word, one touch, and there would be no turning back.
Steve knew cut one head and two will take its place was Hydra’s motto, but sometimes he couldn’t understand how the hell did the organization manage time after time survive in the shadows. Was it the corrupt nature of humanity itself or was it some sort of divine balance that required snakes and rats to persist as long as there was somebody who would stand up to them?
that Steve no doubt thought.
Steve nodded, satisfied. “Yes.”
Tony was about to remark that he wasn't Barnes's
Talking. First time talking after Tony had decided to beat his obsession.
, he thought, but finished with just: ”gentle.”
The bathroom, even the men’s, had a bit of a line to it. Tony scrunched up his nose when he saw it and stopped in his tracks.
“Well,” Steve said grinning, “I once kissed a woman. Mouths closed.”
”Are you asking?”
“Thing is, I thought I knew if not everything, then at least most everything there is to know about love and attraction, the things adults do to not feel so lonely.”
He didn’t have to think long about where to start.
Steve was pulled back to reality when Tony’s hands found his ass and pulled their hips tighter together.
”Don't you take everything dirty?”
”FRIDAY helped. A lot. I didn't really have time to match every cut to the music. Also,” Tony realized to add, ”I wouldn't call it a love letter.”
Tony’s legs and Tony was looking up to him with one of his roguish smiles. And there were the hands again, grabbing Steve, pulling him closer.
Tony’s hand found Steve’s left thigh where it was pressing against his hip. Tony’s grip on it was like a catalyst to pick up the rhythm of their bodies. Steve moaned involuntarily against Tony’s mouth, surprised at the wave of pleasure that hit him.
”About it being good,” Tony said, as self-satisfied as you could imagine.
Steve chuckled. “I suppose.”
”Sorry to disappoint.”
Tony got a curious look, his mouth twisted in an amused way like he was wondering whether to say what was on his mind or not. Steve got a bit apprehensive of what Tony might say and he wondered how easily – or not –  they might bounce back from the no-doubt line that would be crossed.
Steve dared. “You might feel off-balance after we – “
Steve sighed. ”It's too much if it's not going anywhere.”
“Actually, ah, Mr. Stark?” The tech offered the phone to Tony.
“I hate competent enemies,” Tony grumbled.
Pepper gave him a very patient stare. ”Then what would you call it?”
He turned around in the small space between Tony and the counter to finish loading the tray. That left the ball in Tony’s court.
Steve decided to assume it wasn’t because of the fight and just opted to keep an eye on Tony.
Somehow the mutual indecisiveness made Steve feel a lot more comfortable and he found that he really didn’t want to leave just yet.
Face open, eyes shining with mirth Tony pulled Steve down for a kiss.
“It doesn’t ‘do it’ for me, but it’s a prerequisite.”
“At least my final thoughts are going to be about something beautiful,” Steve said distractedly.
”So, you must be good at a lot of other things, too.”
Steve shrugged. ”I don't sleep that much.” He didn't turn.
Tony broke for air. Steve took the opportunity to taste the skin on Tony's neck: he licked a hot line along the veins there. Just when Tony moaned he gave in to the anticipation and pushed his hips against Tony's.
“What do you mean?”
”Anyway,” Steve continued. ”They’d probably speculate where Captain America sneaked off with Iron Man and to do what, seeing that they already have picture evidence of you getting up and personal with me.”
”He's like that sometimes,” Steve tried.
“Tony,” he warned. “I have to go back there in a minute and I’d rather not do it sporting an erection.”
Steve, unfamiliar with the phrase, asked: ”'Friends with benefits'?”
“So. You were pretty drunk at the party.”
Saying that lead to a slight blush rise to Steve’s cheeks but opted to ignore it.
“Shared first place. With you. I’m sure you’d have lost to him too if it wasn’t for Coulson.”
”I’ll take what he’s having,” he ordered at the bar, gesturing at Tony.
”I think this works just fine.”
Steve swallowed down a sudden feeling of shock and said what he'd already decided on. ”Is that a yes?”
Then they were on the ground together again, Tony lying between Steve’s legs. Steve had an eidetic memory, but the sight of Tony lowering his naked body on top of Steve would have stayed clearly with him until his grave in any case.
Steve glared at him.
Steve snorted. “You're more horrible than your advice. I'm not going to do anything about Tony, except act around him like with any other friend.”
It was three days before the next time Steve saw Tony. Now that he’d admitted his feelings for himself, he had allowed himself to think about Tony a lot more often.
He couldn’t wake Tony up, though. They hadn’t done anything, they didn’t quite have that kind of a relationship even if they’d flirted about it.
, my God, so you know, I don’t actually think it’s going to happen. You just… drive me crazy and for once I thought I’d change the script.”
Steve got up, as well. ”I could sleep.”
”You're better than
Steve turned around. He was glad to see he didn't even wobble too much. ”I need clothes.”
“You don’t think I can do it?”
”We care for each other,” Steve said out loud. Not a question, but a statement.
”It's not just plain friendship between you. You want to win him to your side, to like you, to respect you. I think you want a part of him, as big as possible, and in return, you want to give him a part of yourself.”
“I can’t deny it, I love it when Cap goes full righteous mode on them, especially when it comes with an aftertaste of Vibranium in your teeth,” Clint joked.
Steve shrugged. “It’s just a flesh wound.”
He finished putting the tray in order. He didn’t move away from their embrace. It felt far too good to be held and to be held by Tony at that.
The hole was wide enough they could fit both at the same time. He didn’t think any further but grabbed Tony by his side and lifted him off the ground and over his shoulder. Tony exclaimed in protest but Steve jumped down without further ado: he took the impact with his feet but couldn’t quite keep his balance and turned around to fall on his behind so he wouldn’t accidentally slam down Tony first.
Steve didn’t know how long it had been when he woke up, opening his eyes to see the room sparsely lighted. It was most likely very early morning.
“Too imprecise, we’ll have to cut their visibility as close as possible. But a small drone, maybe on the ground. Small enough it’s hidden by the terrain.”
Steve breathed deeply. “Alright. For future reference, I don’t need help finding someone. It was bad enough when Natasha tried to act as a matchmaker. I’ll retire if you start, as well.”
Steve understood and went down, all the way so he was lying on his back. His mouth was open in a silent gasp by the time Tony reached the edge of his underwear. Yet, he didn’t feel at all disappointed when Tony made his way back up, willing the moment to last as long as possible.
Tony smirked. ”Just that you had a mishap with your clothes.”
Tony tilted his head, confused. “You mean – ?”
He lowered his head to Tony’s ear and murmured: “I could do this for all eternity.”
“I can’t outfly a laser beam, it’s light. I suppose I could reflect or intercept it? I’d have to think about that,” Tony said.
”Yeah, that's what you said.”
“I’m not into men,” Tony said suddenly. “You know that, right?”
”Let me guess. Rhythmic gymnastics?”
”Not you!” The kid raised his arms defensively. ”I mean, they cleared you off, although maybe it's like once a cheater always a cheater kind of thing, once a criminal, always a – ”
”You know Clint can’t resist an open bar even though it’s not like he pays for that here in the Tower.”
This was dangerous. Tony was engaged. He didn't think he would have ever tried to catch the eye of anyone else in a relationship, but after the Accords their friendship had been in shambles and this was the first truly positive type of encounter they had had. It was hard to resist.
Tony grinned. “Captain America,” he said sounding very pleased, “is using me for my money.”
”It's a different thing if it's for the team. I don't have to punch through stuff to be effective on the field.”
Steve didn’t answer that but waited until Tony had gotten the door open. He stepped past Tony and onto the balcony. It was maybe 18 feet down and there was a drop-down fire escape ladder. Perfect.
But now? It meant something. Steve only wished he knew if it was an effort to get friendlier or if Tony was coming on to him.
Steve took the glass and filled it again. “You want me to take a look?”
“Well,” Tony shrugged. “Building these would be expensive as heck. On paper – sure. They’d fry us if we got close enough. But do they actually work? That’s a guess I’m not going to make.”
Barnes looked surly. ”No.”
Tony had been ready for a repeat performance in the communal living room but this time Steve had finally put his foot down and lead them to his bedroom.
”Did you inform Natasha that we took off?” Steve asked after a long silence, realizing belatedly that their escape hadn’t perhaps been the most cordial thing to do for the rest of the team.
Usually, with smaller changes to gear, they’d just test them during regular practice, but sometimes with a bigger development, the team used it as an excuse to come together.
That gave Tony a stop. Then: ”Don’t break your habits on my behalf.”
Tony went along with this change of plans easily enough, though he did point out that most people wouldn’t mind seeing the extra inches of skin Steve’s tank top revealed.
“Yeah. It was a poll with parameters. Who out of all of you, if you had to choose… It doesn’t mean anything more.”
”To – ” Tony started but hesitated. ”Alright.” He lied back down on the bed.
wasn't an option this time.
Steve gave him a knowing look. “You really wanna hear?”
think you are.”
”Tony,” Steve said as he approached his teammate running his mouth to a whole platoon of journalists, not quite a warning but getting there.
When Steve woke up again, this time in the morning, he was very clearly the little spoon.
In a few months or so.
“Cap,” Tony said, surprised, and possibly honestly a little scandalized.
“It's great. Just fine,” Tony hurriedly said. Then: “I meant the thing, not your body, it's – ah, hell – “ he downed the espresso in one go to shut himself up. It felt like it burned his
That wasn’t necessarily the reaction Steve had expected, but he’d take it. Tony was glad, that was a great sign.
Natasha led them to an outer wall of the complex where she had cut a hole through the wall before.
“You okay?” Steve asked as he first got on his knees above Tony and then all the way up.
The drop to the alley below wasn’t that high. Steve could see a balcony door further on.
”Apparently.”
He wanted to say something, tell Tony how good he looked, how hot it made Steve to see him like this. Before he had any words formed, Tony rested his right hand on Steve – on his
Alright, he figured as he turned back to his drink. That hadn’t been very platonic, as far as he was able to read the signs.
Tony surged up and kissed him at that and that hadn’t been Steve’s goal but maybe, for just a few more seconds –
“How long is the range?”
After ten or so minutes of silence, Steve was acutely reminded that for all his at times never-ending jawing, Tony didn’t care for small talk.
Tony took steps back, at last. ”Jesus.”
Perhaps for a dramatic effect, Tony waited for a beat and then said: ”I think we would have really good sex.”
Tony was confounded. “But all the things you said? Where the hell did you learn to speak like that?”
Not that Steve was that old himself, but the guy couldn’t have been over 25 and he still had that youthful, gangly kind of look about him.
“I’m in love with you.”
Tony started on the buttons on his shirt as he went into the ensuite. ”Feel free to make yourself comfortable. Take off what’s rest of your suit – or don’t. What you feel like.”
”Might as well.”
Deciding to try to lighten the mood a bit, he said: “His trainers didn’t have laces.”
“We do need to stop.”
With a final caress, Tony stepped back. Steve closed his eyes and took a deep breath. There was no way to do this now, but maybe later, he figured. He’d take the beers, stay for an hour or so and then leave, citing his oldness.
Steve didn’t see Tony for some days after that. It was fine. It could have easily been just part of their normal rhythm: Tony often disappeared for a few days if there was no avenging to make. Hell, all of them did. Even if the tower was their base of operations and they had apartments there, most had lives outside, too. Clint was often away long periods of time as was Thor. Bruce was usually around but forgetting himself in his work. Steve and Natasha were probably most likely to be sharing a dinner, both of them having stopped working directly under SHIELD.
It was safe to say he wasn't looking too impressed. It was poetic justice, really, Tony thought, actually amused, that it was now Barnes whose surprisingly smutty speech got interrupted.
”You're an idiot,” Bucky said, couldn't quite fight the smile.
”Oh my God – ”
”I got that part!” Steve interrupted, feeling a bit crazy. ”I just don't understand.”
”Not with someone I didn't sleep with, and I don't mean counting sheep.”
Tony laughed. “Captain America’s insatiable, who’d have thought?”
”Yeah, yeah,” Tony said, still leaning on Steve trying to get his bearings. ”Let’s not do that again.”
“Sure,” Steve said. “But that’s got nothing to do with me.”
”Shut up. I hadn’t expected – ” he trailed off, not sure how to put it into words that the tenderness – even now – was something he didn’t know would happen so easily.
“You too,” Steve said. He could have helped Tony, but to watch Tony sit up and in a slow manner peel off his sweater held its own merit.
There wasn’t enough room for two on the cot so Steve lowered himself to the ground. Why they had let them stay together, he’d didn’t understand. Maybe, he hoped, there were rookies in charge of this Hydra group.
Tony wasn't heavily muscled but he was well defined all the same. He had a workman's arms but at the same time smooth, perfect skin.
Steve followed curiously Tony scrutinizing the blueprint this way and that. He obviously didn’t understand enough to get what Tony saw in it, but watching him work could be entertaining.
“Just around the corner,” she guided. They made quick work getting through what seemed a little-used storage area: it had obviously been easier to break into than straight to the prison level without getting noticed.
He took the box of coffee beans Steve offered him. He made sure their fingers didn't touch. “Oh. I repaired your suit. It should hold up to aliens a bit better now.”
“I guess I have a proposition.”
”I didn’t really mean it as a proposition,” he had to point out, though.
”Who's a cheater?”
”Iron Man, are you in trouble?” One of the reporters joked.
”Such flatterer,” Tony remarked, which was nothing close to what Steve had feared Tony might say, but then Tony slid his hand up from Steve’s left shoulder and cupped his head to pull him closer to Tony.
Steve swallowed, licked his lips. “There’s power also in your lower body. Your thighs are supple and the way the fabric of your suit pants stretches around them in movement stops me in my tracks sometimes. Not to speak of the way the curve of your ass makes me want to pause time so I could get a better look than just a furtive glance before I snap my eyes quickly to more appropriate subjects.”
”Then the better bet would be getting some rest. Please, Tony.”
Barnes stared at him with an unfathomable look. Then he snorted. ”How do you say it in the 21st century? Oh yes. Been there, done that.”
Steve had lived long enough in the future to recognize a request for a selfie. He smiled, “sure.”
Steve cringed mentally. He hoped this was just a temporary phase for Tony: he didn’t think Tony was just opposed to the indignity of being thrown but also to the thrower.
Tony moved his glare from the supersoldier lying on the hospital bed to the shield in question and back again.
Tony winced. ”Talk about what?” He wasn't quite sure if Pepper was amused or angry which never bode well.
”Thank you,” Steve said and forced himself not to seem flustered. He didn't dare look at Tony's no doubt extremely amused face when he caught the pair of pants the kid – he really needed to ask his name one of these days – threw at him.
Their lips moved slowly together as they tentatively mapped how the other responded, how this worked. They didn’t touch with any other part of their bodies, the soft yet insistent drag of their lips the only contact.
Look – he knew there was something going on.
”Need a hand?”
”Would you like to talk about it?”
He cleared his throat. Didn’t look at Tony. “So. You said something about burgers?”
Steve snorted. ”Does that mean you’ll keep your hands to yourself, next time?”
Didn’t mean he didn’t put a little more thought to what to wear than he had any other time. He had a pair of very well fitted black jeans he had not worn once since an enthusiastic shop clerk had insisted he try and buy them. He paired it with one of his regular Henley shirts to not seem too obviously like he had dressed up and also because of how well the soft gray material highlighted the lines of his upper body.
Tony poured himself a hefty portion. "No need to get snarky. Did you want some?"
Before Steve had a retort ready, Tony continued: “Having said that, if I ever go down the mad scientist route and you do have to subdue me, please use your tongue.”
“Want me to shut up, already?” Steve asked.
“You ready?” He asked, nodded at the technician in the room aside Tony: probably there to watch him.
All the ideas and schemas he had about relationships or dating or just whatever didn’t easily apply to him and Tony. It was hard to see them like – like anything else than what they were, already.
Barnes glanced at him. Stared at Steve. ”How you talked to him, just now.”
”I’m counting on that,” Tony said and winked to their audience.
”I do actually have several unofficial world records.”
Steve stopped and turned. Looked a bit sheepish. ”I don't want to break anything.”
”I'm not your commanding officer,” Steve said to get some time for himself to think. He felt like he was on the brink of doing something possibly stupid, a decision he knew he shouldn't rush, but one that he was afraid had a very limited time window.
“My nipples?” Tony repeated. “Out of the two of us, you’re the one with pecs gods envy. And speaking of which,” Tony said and leaned forward, took purchase of Steve’s waist and slowly licked across Steve’s left pectoral and then closed his lips around the nipple.
He did want, but
”Well, it's not the same to do it to someone you know.”
Steve winced. “So, it’s public knowledge?”
Tony shuddered, jerked them faster and then, with a half swallowed cry, came. Tony's hand slowed down but Steve was pushed over the edge by Tony sighing his name over and over in his ear while he was still riding his high.
Tony snorted. “Oh, shut up.”
Tony nodded, solemnly, then he smiled. ”And
Steve shook the man’s hand and asked for his name. After a short chat, he saw Tony had his jacket back on and was waiting for him at the door. He said his goodbyes and left with Tony.
“Al-right. Okay. Tony it is.”
Steve sat down on the table. “Could we conceal the jet with a smokescreen? If we drop it from high enough?”
”That’s still away from the event itself. I don’t know willingly feeding the press like that would endear us to the mayor’s office. Can you open this door without the alarm going off?”
When Tony finally lay down, stiffly, Steve rolled his eyes. ”Thank you.”
Steve knew this kid. ”You were from Queens?”
”I should be wearing pants,” Steve said quietly, but Tony seemed to hear him even through the kid's long-worded apology since he gave Steve a knowing look.
Steve felt like he could only breathe when the song ended. The next song Steve didn't recognize, but Tony painfully obviously did since he groaned out loud.
Steve realized he had to use his words again. ”Not to sleep. Unless you'd rather.”
“Is this enough?” Steve asked, his voice low.
“Your face is handsome, Tony. The masculine lines of it betray something more precious: how expressive your mouth is, how enticing the color of your lips. You don’t need a lot of imagination to be caught in thoughts of kissing them.”
Tony was simply enticing. Of course, Steve had known Tony was fit since his raggy band shirts and perfectly tailored suits didn't leave that much to the imagination, but it was different to have an explicit permission to observe.
“God,” Tony gasped. Steve had the strength to keep the hold he had, but Tony saw to make it slightly easier by curling his legs around Steve.
”Oh, okay,” Tony answered. ”The floor is good.”
Natasha nodded and went first. Steve watched her drop and roll-land to the lower roof and estimated it was about ten feet or so, not too bad but could result in a broken ankle for Tony if he landed wrong.
”Sam, I'm sure Tony has other things to do – ”
Steve frowned. “Well, if for nothing else then for the fact that you don’t like men.”
Tony laughed.
Tony raised his eyebrow at the gesture.
Steve waited.
Bucky swiveled in his chair back to the computer. He pressed play. ”I swooned.”
”I have a suit of armor. You definitely don't have to take my bullets for me. Or alien lasers, as it is.”
Tony scoffed. “I can easily sabotage it at SHIELD premises. And what are they going to do with it, anyway?”
”What?”
Tony knew the patriotically colored icy treat was his own joke, and not a new one at that, but it still hurt. When he unwrapped it he was sure he could hear the
It lasted about two seconds too long for completely casual, Tony making sure every camera got it immortalized. When Tony stepped back and let his hand drop back to his shoulder, Steve tried his best to school his expression to normal. Slight incredulity was fine and expected, so he gave Tony a pointed look which in turn amused the reporters if their chuckling was anything to go by.
Steve had managed to stop the fall with his arms circled around Tony’s waist. He carefully lowered him the rest of the way to his feet.
Steve started to feel alert and that made him panic a bit.  He wanted this. He needed this. Goddamn Clint.
Back at the tower, in the garage, Steve felt like it was the last moment to say something to save the situation, but he figured that opening his mouth had led him to this in the first place. Shutting it probably was the best way forward. So he merely said goodbye and retired to his own rooms.
He would have been quite sure that everybody else had forgotten about Clint’s weird research if he and Tony wouldn’t have happened to be taken as prisoners a week later and put into the same cell.
“So. See you around,” he remarked, finally. Tony said his own goodbyes before turning to look something from a screen. Steve left.
Steve wasn't completely satisfied with that since he went to rummage in the freezer. He came up with a popsicle. He offered it to Tony.
Marvin Gaye sang like he really had been trying and Tony quite visibly froze.
“Alright. Just for you to know.”
"Hardly. I don't feel comfortable empty handed. Thank you, by the way."
Pepper wasn't really wrong, of course. Tony should have been able to forget about the fact that in a different timeline he would soon retire to his rooms where Steve would be waiting. Also, retrospectively, he did realize the video had been a bit over the top, especially since it was he alone who had made it, not a cheeky, young PR team. Even they probably wouldn't have made it three minutes long, branding it with their own favorite music.
Undecided but leaning towards the more urgent need he had, he used the grip he still had on Tony’s behind to grind their hips together.
Following the hallway with the bathrooms, they found a staircase cut off with a rope at the end of it. When Steve had made sure nobody was watching, he jumped over the rope and helped Tony do the same. Tony wasn’t so drunk that he couldn’t have made the stairs alone, but as Steve had already gotten into the habit of guiding him, he gave him an extra push with his hand to smooth the climb.
Steve counted one, two, three times until he forced himself to react.
“It wasn't, but it's fine now. Even though I guess after saying that we will probably fight some intergalactic love god and get kidnapped together and wake up in a – love lair with pheromones – “
There was nothing else than to just try to suppress it, ignore it. It would go away in time. If it didn't, well, then he would just live with it. Being painfully in love with your  – whatever Steve was – wasn't the worst thing in the world. Not by a long shot. Not when he had the real love of his life next to him.
”I can’t go back there like this,” Steve finally said, looking down at his ruined shirt after Tony was done. He straightened up and decided that he wasn’t going to try to tuck the now wet shirt back in.
You’re a terrible man. Jane’s, voice echoed in his mind. Or was her name Janice? All he remembered were dark thick hair and glasses. He wish despair would pick up on that memory, at least the sight of someone else would be a relief. Of course he didn’t. As the man impersonated, he was smart. Involuntarily his mind went back to the party. It pleased despair.
He couldn’t. Not anymore. He needed Tony, or this messed up imagine of him. His shaking arms wrapped around the creature’s body. His face buried in his chest as his aching hands squeezed the fabric of his suit. His whole body was shaking. Was it from the lack of any other emotion than despair, or was it the pain? Maybe the desperation. He needed this. He needed the illusion of being with Tony, and in a messed up way this was it. He had his own Tony Stark waiting for him at home.
Despair smirked, his body leaning closer. It was wrong. A voice, a very weak one protested. Taking a deep breath, he knew exactly what would happen next. Their lips met, but instead of the ecstatic and intoxicating feeling of being kissed, he felt his life being sucked out of him. Slowly the sanctum disappeared from his field of vision. All he could see was darkness. Black tendrils curled around his body, as a pathetic parody of romance. They captivated him, engulfed him in darkness. He couldn’t move. Couldn’t breath. The tendrils of black smoke slipped through the corner of his mouth, slowly creeping down his throat. Filling him up, and suffocating him. His eyes felt damp, was he screaming? He didn’t even know. If he could he would curl up in the darkness until it was all over. But he was forced to stand there. The black smoke kept him in place as Despair ate his essence. He was sure he would kill him. How many times could the creature kill him by now? He lost count. What had Despair said.
“Well, damn” Clint’s voice broke him out of his trance. He was still a bit flustered and out of breath. He’d forgotten all about his teammates. That bastard.
Stephen thanked the Hoary Host of Hoggoth and the Omnipotent Oshtur that they didn’t end up at a karaoke bar. Instead they agreed on buying take out from whatever place that was still open after an alien attack, which was an surprising amount to be honest. Maybe that said something about the citizens of New York. They gotten a good variety of Asian food as well as Italian and even some mythical to please Strange (although that kind of food was from Strange own fridge, he appreciated his attempt tough). It didn’t seem to be enough food, since Captain America was currently manning the grill whilst the rest were ether in the pool or dancing by the speakers. The amount of food they ate weren’t that surprising. After all, they were a team of superheroes. Even the ordinary humans consumed a lot of food. As little as Strange liked these kind of gatherings, he didn’t mind this. Not far away from him, Janet and Carol were talking amongst themselves. He didn’t eavesdrop, even if they mentioned his name a few times. They had stopped dancing a few minutes ago and were eating some sushi as they let their legs rest in the perfectly temperature pool.
“Yes” the businessman perked up as Steve said his mean and he turned around so fast that it was almost comical. Steve, who had moved closer, caught the smaller man into his arms. Tony had this adorable look on his face as his neck turned a soft shade of pink, he certainly made the right choice. With his newfound confident he pulled the narcissistic, yet surprisingly generous man into a deep kiss. Tony seemed to melt in the kiss and before he knew it the kiss that had been a soft goodbye kiss had turned into a passionate make out session. He felt the confident man’s tongue slip into his mouth, his beautiful chestnut colored eyes were closed. Steve had spent hours with his pens to find the perfect one to capture his partner’s beauty. Like most brown eyed people Tony’s eyes didn’t photograph as well blue eyed individuals, but he was damn sure to make it vibrant on paper. He wanted everyone to see the beauty of his lover’s eyes. Each time one of them tried to pull away the other followed. He lifted Tony from the ground and gently placed him on the drawer Tony placed in the hall as a decoration. He felt his strong legs wrap around him. He was fit even if he didn’t need to stay in the same shape as the rest of the team. He’d always been envious of Tony’s body. His boyfriend had worked for his body, it was all natural, all Tony, while Steve himself gotten his muscles from a serum. He tasted like coffee and something sweet. The vanilla filling Tony favored so much with his doubnuts. It didn’t bother Steve, it set some spice to the kiss. He was a great kisser, kissing the billionaire always made him feel breathless and weak kneed. If Tony kept kissing him like that He would be the one who had to be seated.
“So we’re at Stark now?” Tony’s voice was on the point, as if it was a matter of fact.
“Steve, it’s over”
The sorcerer attempted to look away as the figure stepped in front of him. He didn’t want to face Tony’s gaze. It was penetrating, nauseating. Demanding. He felt his face being tilted up so he could look into the taller creatures face. Sometimes he forgot that Tony was taller than him.
What is he? Some kind of  wannabe Vampire? Real Tony’s voice echoed in his mind.
IX. Distracting Kiss
“You were just lucky this time, next time you might not be”
Their first kiss had been drawn out and awkward. Despite it all, not even close the worst kiss the playboy had participated in. He knew that he’d been lusting after Rogers for a while. It wasn’t the first time he wanted to kiss a man. He’d kissed plenty of men, men were very kissable and sometimes even better to kiss than the women he would lock lips with. So the fact that his teammate had a Y chromosome wasn’t the issue. Steve was from a time where homosexuality was seen as a disease. Men were thrown into prison for kissing other men, beaten in allies for the person they wanted to share a life with. Women didn’t really have it any better. Even if Steve liked men, he was bound to resent that part of him as if it was tainting his American values. He’d no idea of Rogers stands on same sex relationships, people kept telling him to ease Steve into it.
“I’m not helpless!”
Once the broad man decided to soldier up, the kiss wasn’t even close to spectacular. Honestly the narcissistic man wasn’t even sure it was happening until Steve’s lips left his. They stood face to face for a few more seconds, not sure what to do with one another. The second time, it was Tony who indicated it but like before, it lacked flare. A certainty if what they were doing was the right thing. It wasn’t until Steve decided to pull Tony into his arms because he wasn’t ready to give up on them yet, that genius could relax and relish in the tame kiss. The hug was tight as if he was afraid that the billionaire would try to escape him, and that was when he got it. With a new found confident, Tony reassured Steve by resting his own hands on his muscular back.
Stephen had been a blank his whole life. When his words didn’t appear as a child, his mother had told him that sometimes your soulmate would take their time, and really think about what they would write on their beloved’s arm. His mother’s explanation made Stephen feel proud, he held his head up high as his classmates were starting to get their words. His soulmate was thinking about it, really considering what they wanted to say to Stephen. They never came. No matter how long he would stay up at night and think about them. Like the rest of the world he adapted to wear the cuff that kept his nonexistent words hidden. His siblings all believed he’d gotten his words when he started wearing his cuff, their mother never once revealed his secret. It wasn’t hers to tell. People without soulmates were something society pitted, and Stephen hated being pitied. He stopped caring about the fact that he would never have a *perfect* match, what did the universe knew anyway? He excelled in his career, became a famous surgeon and never once thought about a soulmate that would never come. Each night he had a new face in his bed, never did he remember their name afterwards. They were out of his life as fast as they arrived. As sorcerer supreme, he wouldn’t have the time to give a soulmate. They deserved more than he could give them. It was better that he didn’t have anyone. There were rumors about men and women like Stephen. They called them the blanks, because they weren’t right, because there were no other soul there to make them complete, they said they couldn’t love. That the bonds they shared weren’t real, after all any relationship outside their soulbond would be false. The sorcerer wished it was true. It would have made his life much easier. Because that was when he met Tony Stark. A brilliant man, a genius and compassionate human. A hero, even if he didn’t want the world to know what he did as Iron Man. He was convinced that the fact that he was Tony Stark would taint their view of the invincible hero. How could he ever think something as trivial would taint their view? Tony Stark was amazing, and so was Iron Man. His love for the man had grown over the years. He found himself seeking the other’s company. He listened as Tony talked and would inwardly smile whenever the genius watched him as he spoke. Stephen had fallen for Tony. He’d fallen hard. It was wrong. This was all wrong. Tony Stark already had a soulmate, and everyone knew it was Steve Rogers. They came out to the world as soulmates a few years ago, and Stephen had refused to acknowledge the pain in his chest. A pain that grew deeper and deeper for each day that passed him by. He could tell that they were happy. Honestly, that was the worst about it. If Tony been unhappy, then he could justify his feelings of envy. Steve Rogers were perfect for Tony. He made the insecure man feel like he was worth a damn. As if he was worth more than his money and gadgets. Stephen wished he had been the one to show Stark that. He wanted to prove to him how amazing he was. Tony was worth fighting for, however what he didn’t deserve was someone destroying the most pure relationship he ever had, probably ever would have. Because as much as Stephen loved the wonderful, kind, brilliant genius he would never measure up to a real soulmate. It crushed his heart. It felt like someone violently ripped out his soul and shredded it into a million pieces... no he knew how that felt and it was nothing compared to this.
“Yes you are!” The words were out before he could stop himself. They were just staring at each other for a couple of seconds. There was a look of betrayal in the intelligent man’s eyes. He could see the thought rushing through his mind, his lips were just slightly parted. He was in disbelief that his friend had just said that.
He sounded hesitant as he spoke. Unsure as if he was figuring out if he was overstepping his boundaries. Their relationship was new, and they hadn’t quite settled down. They were both a bit unsure about what they stood, and what was acceptable. They were exclusive, that wasn’t the issues, but where they the couple who always kissed each other hello and good bye? Or were they the more laid back kind of couple. Would Tony want a goodbye kiss? He was so independent and they hadn’t talked about making their relationship official. Not even the team knew.
III. Hesitant Kiss
X. Quick, Goodbye Kiss
“You have the perfect flavor. Sorcerer Supreme. You’re too precious to allow to wither away” Despair said when he broke the kiss. The smoke tendrils leaving his mouth. He couldn’t feel anything anymore. It was just darkness and bleakness.
V. Can’t Let Go Yet Kiss
So Stark tried to not act on his feelings. It was working perfectly, they were best friends both as Iron Man and Tony Stark. They spent more time together than the genius would like to admit, and it was only pulling them closer to one another. Everything was great, until Steve’s innocent blue eyes locked with his. He’d tried to avoid any prolonged eye contact in fear of his stupid brain would do and now Rogers were ruining it all. He was about to lean away, or pat the captain’s firm back in a friendly manner, just to make his brain stop thinking about how beautiful his eyes were, when the super soldier leaned in closer. Holy crap, Steve was about to kiss him. His heart kept beating as fast as a hummingbird’s wings and if it wasn’t for chunky chest plate that kept his heart beating, he was sure his heart would stop. But the kiss never came. Tony kept watching Steve who’d just stopped a few inches away from his lips. He could practically feel the warmth of his quick breaths, as if he expected Tony to close the distance. They stood like that for what couldn’t be more than a few seconds but felt like hours. Stark completely frozen and unsure what to do. There was an uncharacteristic silence between the two men, for the first time neither of them knew what to say. He was ready to leave, and forget about this whole thing. Maybe by hitting the bottle. If something would make the alcoholic slip, then it was kissing his old fashioned and not as straight as he thought, best friend.
“Aye! And you were as magnificent as always” Thor boomed with laughter. It was hard to tell if he flirted or not. Everyone wondered if Clint and Natasha were soulmates, but neither had said a word about it. Maybe they were just close. He wanted to ask. Because if they weren’t soulmates he wished he could have what they had. His eyes trailed to Tony instead who was now holding his husband from behind. He couldn’t hear what he was saying. He was talking too low and he couldn’t really see his lips move. He could guess what they said. Hey sweetheart, how’s it going? I missed you. Let’s retire early tonight, I want my soulmate all to myself.
IV. In the Moment Kiss
“We broke up months ago. It wasn’t working out, hadn’t for a while. I told her that I had feelings for someone else” Steve said as he turned the dark haired man’s head to face him. He was smiling like Tony was everything to him. Uncertainly, Tony smiled again. “So can I kiss your insecure ass again, or do I need to convince you that my feelings are towards you?”
