Once he reached the breakfast area, John became worried as he discovered that Sherlock was not there. Had he been stupid to leave Sherlock alone. John thought he was doing the right thing by booking separate rooms, but what if something had happened to Sherlock? He cursed himself for forgetting that technically he was still Sherlock’s guardian in this situation. However, John’s worry quickly dissipated at the sight of Sherlock hurrying over to him.
"See ya." John called out as Sherlock left the classroom.
Sherlock awoke to the sound of The Neighbourhood and pulled out his earbuds, he checked the time: crap, it was quarter past ten; he hadn't realized how tired he must have been. Sherlock stood up, stretched and opened his door to see if anyone was awake. The house was pitch black – save the soft glow from Mycroft's room but that was to be expected, it was rare his older brother went sleep before one am. As Sherlock took a step forward his foot nudged the edge of a silver tray. His mother had left out a little note that read, ‘I’ve kept a plate of diner for you in the microwave, Love Mum x’, Sherlock felt a pang of guilt. He tiptoed into his parent's bedroom and kissed his mother's cheek, whispering "night mum" as he left to go brush his teeth and crawl back into bed.
“Oh hey John, I don’t suppose you have a minute do you?” Helen seemed to insisting, rather than asking.
"Your usual teacher, Mr. Dior, is currently taking a break from teaching. So you lucky bunch get to have me as your teacher for the rest of the year" he continued.
After picking herself up, Helen continued over to the pair and handed John a clipboard as she tucked a strand of hair behind her ear. "John, I've taken the register, all kids are present so you can settle down and enjoy the journey."
John just stared at Sherlock. "Close, that was brilliant" the teacher blurted out at Sherlock, who was starting to develop a slight blush.
Somewhere a little across the bed and breakfast, John woke up from a very peculiar dream about pirates. He cursed himself for not setting an alarm, but was glad to realise that he still had time to get ready before he was supposed to meet Sherlock for breakfast. John stretched a little, rolled out of bed and once again was thankful of the provided toiletries. It had been sometime since John had made a real effort to look nice for someone, he even put a little product in his hair. Unfortunately, as their overnight stay had been extremely impromptu, he did have to wear the same clothes as they day before. As he got ready, John spent some time thinking over the day before. It wasn’t like he didn’t know what he was doing when he planned this trip away, but their kiss marked a turning point. Not that he regretted it, John felt guilty to admit that he had been wanting to kiss Sherlock for a while now. Maybe guilty was the wrong word. John had taken specific care to wait for a cue from Sherlock before he took their relationship to the next stage. Nonetheless, he was aware how it might look to outsiders. John was Sherlock’s teacher for goodness sake. But it just wasn’t like that all. John wasn’t some creep that liked to pray on teenagers. In fact, in all his past relationships, except Mary, John was the younger one. Even more, John always found himself cringing at the attention some of the other students at BSC showed him. He cursed himself for sounding so cliché, but with Sherlock it really was different. Of course there was the intellectual aspect. John doubted that anyone could argue that Sherlock’s intelligence was above his age. But it was more than that. Sherlock wasn’t interested in weekend binge-drinking, climbing the social ladder or any other stereotypical teenage behaviour. Even so, John was aware that they would have to be careful going forward. He had come to deeply care for Sherlock, but he still had a career, and a reputation, to think about. John realised this meant that today might be the last time for a while that they could enjoy each other’s company so freely. Speaking of which, the time they agreed to meet in the lobby was quick approaching. John was eternally grateful to discover that the bed and breakfast had provided a small travel toothbrush. It wouldn’t do to try and kiss Sherlock again with bad breath. He gathered up the limited belongings he had with him and set off for the breakfast area.
“Not about that old tough. About Sir Albert.”
“I am sorry. I thought – “
“Why not?”
“Sebastian,” said John, “Sherlock saved my life.”
Sherlock hid his surprise when the baron handed him the glass. He took an appreciative sip and smiled. It must have been aging in the cellars since long before the war. Such a choice vintage was not part of a peddler’s life, so he appreciated it all the more as it washed the road’s dust from his throat. “You are very generous, my lord.”
“She cares for you, and she would forgive you almost anything.”
"I'm fine."
He bowed over her hand, glad to hide his smile. “Completely, my lady.”
“Sebastian and Sir Albert – “
“I should!”
Edging around the floor on which no one was dancing, as all waited for their host to lead off the first dance, he stared, unable to halt himself. In the weeks he had been here, he had thought he had admired John’s golden hair and slim features from every possible angle and had become accustomed to his handsomeness. Today, near the old stone wall, he had touched the lilt of John’s cheekbones and sampled the medley of delights on his lips. Mayhap there had been no music then, but he had heard it as surely as he did now.
Standing, he took the glass and sipped. His eyes widened. “That is a fine burgundy.”
Sherlock did not release his hand, and John did not draw it away. Sometime in the last week, John had accepted that he was as much of an air-dreamer as Harry, but, for this moment, when the mist still jeweled the tops of the trees, he wanted to delight in this simple, but forbidden, pleasure of Sherlock’s fingers enclosing his.
“Then speak with me, Moran,” Sherlock said calmly as he came to his feet. “What do you want to say to me before I tell you what I have to say to you?”
He turned to face John, still holding the reins. “Do you think he would be interested in buying it?
“Why mayhap?”
“To find another mate, I suspect.” Sherlock’s eyes narrowed. “I hope you will not be too distressed by that.”
A gun fired. John flinched, then stared when one of Sir Albert’s men fell, his hands wrapped around his leg.
John hesitated.  How easy it would be to agree to the trade. He would not be the first to sleep in the stables. Father always welcomed visitors, whether quality or not, to Watson Hall. He would be especially interested in any news Mr. Holmes might bring. Father waited anxiously for any news that might signal an end to the war. John fingered the cloth. He could not deny that he would like to keep it.
“Isn’t it better they discovered that before they spoke their vows before Reverend Hooper?
“Is Aunt Hudson coming to the wedding?”
He almost asked why Father wondered, when John drove Auntie into the village so often. Then he guessed his father had thought he might be worried about facing censure from the villagers. John wondered what tales were racing through the village, but did not ask.
The sergeant hesitated. When Sherlock repeated the order in a sharper voice, the man stomped over to the others. They bent their heads together, staring at the map before them, but John knew the topic of conversation was their captain’s unexpected Omega.
for putting up with my crazy RL and being there to point out my silly mistakes.  Any mistakes you find are all mine.
“Auntie,” he repeated. “This is Alpha’s business. Let us handle it.”
He stepped back a single step, then another. Pointing to the right, he said, “I would suggest that, if you are determined to get to Watson Hall, you should go that way, John. It will lead you away from where I saw Sebastian Moran stopping every group of walkers to demand if they had seen you.”
She nodded. “It is the most perfect gown ever made. I cannot wait to dance in it.” Without pausing, she asked, “Where is that peddler I have heard so much about?”
Love,
Standing, he turned to see Elsa asleep in a chair by the door. He gently shook his maid awake and sent her to bed in the small room on the other side of the dressing room, not wanting to chance Elsa waking to discover Sherlock sleeping on the chaise longue.
John whirled. The snide emphasis on his name could only come from Sir Albert Moran. This was not the enemy he had feared meeting in a moonlit garden, but Sir Albert could be as dangerous to him as the French. As if he had no concerns, John started toward the house. “Good evening.”
Standing before he could let his own thoughts seduce him, he clasped his hands behind him. Only then, when he was sure he could keep his fingers from reaching out to touch him, did he say, “Of course, I shall be returning. What sort of man do you think I am that I would abandon you?”
Cold water trailed down the collar of Sherlock's button up as he sputtered soggily.  Head still spinning, he glared ineffectually at John.
“I shall endeavor never to forget what I should do.” His strained voice startled him as much as it must have his father whose eyes grew round in surprise. John wanted to retract his cold words, but it was too late.
He went to the window and stared at the blackening clouds stitched with white needles of lightning. This storm looked even more ferocious than the earlier one. He hoped Sherlock had better shelter than Mr. Anderson’s leaky barn.
Leaning across his bed, he stretched a trembling hand out to Sherlock. When his hands found nothing on the chaise longue, his fear deepened. Where was he? From the lack of light, he knew the moon must have set. Sherlock should have been back hours ago.
Father glanced at Sherlock, “Of course. Sherlock, I will meet you in the stables in a few minutes.”
“Sherlock? Sherlock Holmes? I should have guessed! You were with him in the wood.”
“No.”
“For what I am?”
“It has not been a pleasurable afternoon.” John did not have to fake a shiver. “It was frightening to be out in the storm.”
John recoiled from his sharp words. “None of my business? You are hiding only God knows what in there, and you tell me it is none of my business? This is my home. Father should know if you are in trouble – “
“What you are wise to think, but I kissed you because I could not resist, not because I wanted to cause more talk. There should be enough already.”
John’s brows arched. “Aunt Hudson is somewhat eccentric. She does not like to ride alone, so she takes the mail coach.”
“Miss Hooper.”
"You... You've been in a coma for 2 weeks."
“You wouldn’t believe anything I told you, would you?”
“Right now.”
“Why?”
His hand upon John’s arm halted him from walking away. He turned him to face him. In the dim light from the stable lantern, Mr. Holmes eyes sliced into him like silver daggers. “What in blazes is that supposed to mean?”
“I am not a spy!” John cried in French. He refused to be killed without knowing the truth. All of it must be revealed now. He must know why Sherlock was wearing this hated uniform.
“Yes,” he whispered, “I can be honest now.”
“You ask to be treated like an adult,” Greg scowled, “but you can’t keep your mouth shut for more than a day.”
Curving his hand around John’s chin that stuck out in defiance of him, Sherlock delighted in his silken skin.  John did not resist when Sherlock tipped his mouth toward his own.
“About the French soldiers?”
“We are waiting for you two to share the marriage cup, so we can enjoy the cake.” She pointed to the table where a multi-tiered cake was decorated with flowers and doves. It was wildly extravagant and totally wrong for this hurried wedding.
“Where are you going?”  Harry bounced down the stairs as if he were still a child.
“Because Sebastian Moran may become my betrothed.”
John nodded. For if he spoke, he would beg Sherlock to stay.
“When your sister gave Sir Albert a facer.”
“The moon is new tonight, and I must meet… friends.”
“No.”
“You betrayed nothing and no one.”  He brushed John’s cheek with his fingers. “Mr. Cartman is allied with the smugglers who are your father’s nemeses and, as far as he knows, so am I.  He knows nothing more.”
“John, I won’t leave you to your enemies’ lack of mercy.”
“It is too late for second thoughts,” John said, his voice falling flat again.
“Sir, such language - “
“So you would not be averse to such a match? Molly has been concerned that as a minister’s daughter, she should not aspire to wed Greg.”
“I…” John trailed off as his gaze rose over the fine line of the peddler’s high cheekbones. Lord, but he was tall.  Taller than he’d realized from the berm next to the road. Certainly taller than his father and taller even than Sir Albert Moran, Sebastian’s father.
From the door, Aunt Hudson asked, “Where is that girl? Being late is an unattractive thing in a child.” She opened the door and peered out.
“Because tonight, when you and I are dancing together and being toasted, we – “
“I hope he is gone. It will make it much more comfortable for everyone at the church outing.”
Sherlock did the same, though he was sure his expression resembled a grimace. He had met Donovan before, although he had not realized it until now. That bass voice was certainly recognizable, though Sherlock hoped his own was less distinctive having not met the man face to face despite having spoken.
“Your father is a reasonable man. I cannot believe that, if you ask him to reconsider, he would force you to marry that uncouth cur.”
Grabbing John’s hand again, Sebastian did not let him slip away. “Who’s Holmes?”
“If I am right about what?”
“Is that an example of the welcome around this village?” Sherlock asked from the doorway of the morning room.
“As I said, I do not wish to speak any more French.”
“You are wrong, Auntie. I am not curious about where Sherlock is.”
He wanted to ask why she refuse to look at him, but said only, “Thank you.” He understood her bewilderment, because he shared it.
“I would if I thought you would not get yourself in another complete pickle.”
“I can’t.”
“Did you consider that I simply wanted to catch my breath after the long walk? Besides, that is a marigold. Cook uses them to brighten up our meals. They’re good for healing small cuts too.”
“Sorry?” His brow furrowed as he demanded, “What do you have to be sorry for?”
“No?” Sir Albert burst into the room, Sebastian trailing him in silence. When his father pointed a wide finder at him, Sebastian glowered. “This want-witted son of mine has told me only in the past hour that he decided not to marry your son.  What do you know about this?”
Today had proven to him that he must go soon. He had managed to keep up with the others on the beating of the bounds and had taken note of several places he must revisit soon. His wagon was fixed, and his wares awaited his finding a buyer for them as he continued on his journey through Kent. The message to Jensen was not the only one he had to deliver, so he should not linger a day longer.
John couldn’t believe how Mr. Holmes managed to make him feel like an outsider in his own beloved home. In a tone that would have daunted even Harry, he said, “I have not changed my mind.”
Until John looked into his eyes. Even though so much of what he saw there was baffling, as always, the twinkle that brightened them when Sherlock looked at him was irresistible, tempting him to forget all the reasons this ceremony was wrong and consider all the ways it could be so very right.
Mr. Holmes laughed. “Why does that bother you when you ignore all of them?” He motioned with his head. “I’m going this way. Join me if you wish. You know you are curious about the pistol.”
“But you said you weren’t thinking of an annulment.”
“Practice what?”
John swallowed his sigh, while Molly fired him an apologetic smile. Trying again to smile, he said, “I did not see you at Watson Hall.”
Rhythmic beeping.  Whooshing.  Black.
Sherlock stroked John’s hair as he gazed at the people scattered across the rolling hill. So complicated this had gotten, so quickly.
Sherlock came around the chair between them. With his hand on the back of it, less than a finger’s breadth from John’s, he met John’s gaze without compromise. “I know you do not know me, Mr. Watson, but I have done nothing to convince you that I would send a young Alpha into the maw of war.”
“Sebastian – “
Greg frowned. “You have never given him a chance.”
The condemnation was not in his own voice, but it might as well have been. He knew that marrying now was probably the most witless thing he had ever done. The devil was sure to demand his due, but not marrying John would have been far more stupid. He could not let this ceremony change his plans. The others would have to understand that he intended for his name to protect John against the Morans. It was the very least Sherlock could do for him.
“Probably, but a traveling merchant is what I am.” He rested his left elbow on the arm of the settee and smiled as he noted the wide arc John kept between himself and Moran as he came to sit beside Sherlock. He hid his amusement as Moran’s face grew long with fury.
“Enough to let us know you know much more.”  Sir Albert grabbed his arm again, twirling him toward him. When his feet slid in the mud, Sir Albert laughed and hauled him up against him. His lips pounced on John’s.
“No.”
“I guessed that when Harry lead the way.” Molly gazed along the path that lead steeply up the next hill and toward the wood that sheltered it from the sea.
John had to escape this. He must. He would be ill if it continued.
“English vagabonds?”
A roar of voices came from the ballroom. John looked past his family to see that the dancing had halted. The Omegas still stood in the middle of the floor, but the Alphas had come together to huddle in anxious conversation. Word of the escape must have reached the dancers. The orchestra might as well put away their instruments. No one would return to dancing tonight.
John tried to halt them, but tears cascaded along his cheeks. He did not cry for himself, but for his father who was wounded by these ridiculous lies. “Father, it is not as you think. Sherlock and I – “
“I would rather stay here and thrill you.”
Again conversation vanished. Sherlock put a hand on his arm, but John did not want to move from his side as Sir Albert Moran paused in the doorway and scanned the room. Even with the passage of years, Sir Albert had not lost his commanding presence. The black remaining in his gray hair was as dark as his eyes, and the breadth of a face that was falling into jowls was diminished by his wide shoulders. It was easy to imagine him browbeating the prime minister… both figuratively and literally.
He looked past John out the window at the downs, where even now lanterns wagged as his father’s men sought any sign of the smugglers’ trail. “I hope that’s a vow you will be able to keep, Mr. Watson.”
Pushing himself out of his arms, John wrapped his own around his waist. His perfidious body urged him to return to Sherlock’s embrace, to forget everything but the pleasure they could share. To surrender to it would mean turning his back on everything else he loved, everything he believed.
“Before we left Watson Hall, I arranged for everything just as we spoke of yesterday.”
Sherlock shivered in a way that had nothing to do with the cold seeping down his collar as John pressed against his side.
Greg lifted the smaller man up before letting him drop again. "Fill you up my love. Stuff you full of my pups till you can't walk."
“Do not slay him.” The officer muttered something under his breath, then added, “Just keep him quiet. You heard the captain’s orders.”
“Shall we what?”
John’s eyes widened as he fought the sharply edged laugh in his throat. “Not as it appears?
John understood what his sister did not. As Harry walked beside him toward the back of the house where the small family chapel was, he stared ahead, eyes unfocused. Father was worried about the Morans.
lying!”
Entreaty filled John’s voice. “I thought you were going to kiss me before you left. I mean…”
He walked to the door, then ran back and hugged his aunt before hurrying down the stairs. He did not bother to go into the kitchen. There would be time enough – later – to worry about packing food for Sherlock.
Sherlock barely kept his flinch from showing. Blue eyes were not the only thing father and son had in common. They were too damn insightful, seeing aspects of him that no one else did. He’d been convinced Lord Watson would accept his out-and-outer about the pistol. It was a reasonable story.
“Then why…?” He bit his lip to silence the rest of the question. Mayhap his father knew, as John did, that to speak the truth now would mean he would be obligated to marry a man he despised.
“Yes.” John did not wait for his answer, hurrying out of the room before Sherlock pressed him any further. He would not allow his guilt to cloud his purpose. John couldn’t say his fear for Harry’s life was his only motivation, though it was the most pressing one. His own guilt would have to wait. He could not tell Sherlock. Not because he didn’t trust him, though he certainly had no reason to do so, but because he wasn’t sure himself of what he would do to keep Harry from joining the army.
course.”
John’s fingers lingered on the rough texture of Sherlock’s cheek. “I still do not understand why you are sneaking about.”
“Mr. Watson-”
When his cousin whispered his name in a broken voice, John turned to look at him. He gently touched John’s cheek. “Why are you doing this?”
John did not say anything because he wanted to let them think he was unable to comprehend their language. That way, they might reveal something that could lead to their capture… if he escaped alive.
He cursed his fingers which trembled as he reached for the bottle of cider waiting by the cake in the center of the table. Glad that Father had not served wine, which would make the day even more stressful for all of them, he pulled the cork. When it did not move, unreasonable tears of frustration bubbled against his lashes. Long fingers covered his, and he looked over his shoulder to see Sherlock’s smile.
At the end of the meal, he asked, “Father, may I speak with you a moment? Alone?”
At the unexpected question, John’s breath stuttered and he froze. He watched through the darkness as a shadow thickened to become a silhouette that was immediately identifiable.
“There’s a – “
“If you speak of Sebastian, he will not be joining us tonight,” Lady Hudson said. “He apparently had the misfortune to walk through some sort of greenery today that caused him to develop the most excruciating rash.”
John looked at Sherlock, who was showing an odd lack of curiosity.
“Oh, maybe I should not have said anything.”
Again, he smiled “Often.”
“But why did you sneak in this way? You could have been killed.”
“Hanging might not be a bad idea.” Sebastian said with a laugh.
“As am I,” John replied with the same sarcasm he had used before. “Did you receive a classical education as well while you were learning to be a peddler?”
Dampness struck his face. Not from his tears, but from the gray skies.
“Yes.”  He replied, but it was mostly a lie.  Father would have nothing in the house that might possibly have been brought to England by the smugglers who plied the channel. No tea, no brandy, no silk.
. Her patience with me seemingly knows no bounds and always makes me giggle when pointing out my ridiculous mistakes. That said, if you find any remaining mistakes, they're my fault.
“What rumors?” John paused at the edge of the pebbly beach.
“He had some business to complete. I told you that.”
“Give Sir Albert another taste of his own cruelty, I suspect.”
John nodded, not willing to trust his voice again. Tearing his gaze from Sherlock’s, he glanced at his father. He’d not been sure whether his father would be smiling or frowning, but puzzlement claimed his father’s expression.
“He did not,” Aunt Hudson said quietly. “He would not be so witless.”
John turned away. “Sherlock, it is over. I do not want to discuss it.”
Firing Miss Donovan a fearsome scowl, Harry interjected, “John! Oh, good! Greg, you and Sherlock are here too.” She panted as she straightened her clothes. “You will not believe what I just heard.”
John put his hand on Harry’s arm and lifted his own chin. Greg could be exasperating when he thought he was right. Tonight, he couldn’t be more wrong.
“Polonius. Shakespeare?”
Greg mumbled something else and stood, going to look out the window that gave him a view across the fields toward the Donovan’s house.
"Fuck!" He and Greg gasped in unison. Greg's hand slid forward to press firmly through his pubic hair and into his abdomen.
“You warned me.”
“Or not.” mumbled Harry.
“The trough is near the stables.”
“After this day’s exercise, I am more fatigued than anything else.”
“Where else are you hurt?” Mr. Holmes asked.
“A baby?” The idea of surrendering to mirthless laughter teased him. There could not be a child when Sherlock had never shared his bed and would not now. “No, I am not pregnant.”
“Very lucky, indeed.” Sherlock relaxed his taut shoulders, then realized John’s fingers were digging into his arm. He might be able to hoax the others, but not John.
He smiled. “Only a bit more forthcoming is all, I see.”
“Safe?” John’s voice was as low as Sherlock’s. “Is anyone safe now? I feared you were that French prisoner sneaking into the Hall to kill us.”
“Only the rumors you might hear at any crossroads. Certainly nothing new.”
Chapter 10
Sherlock’s arm around his waist brought John to his chest. He whirled him about a few steps, smiling. “How I would enjoy moving with you to that gentle music, you in my arms, each motion as one.”
“What have you been up to, child?”
“How do you bear him?” Molly asked.
John stomped through the underbrush of the small forest near his home, frustration evident in every line of his body.  Once again, the genetic lottery had thrown his dreams to the dirt and crushed them.
He folded the coat over the back of a chair and reached for the nightshirt on the bed. When Sherlock’s broad hands covered his, John longed to lean his head back against his chest as his arms enveloped him. Sherlock drew his hand back and lifted it to his lips. John melted back against him as Sherlock teased his fingers with the tip of his tongue. A moan fled his lips when Sherlock traced the center of his palm with fiery kisses.
Sherlock’s voice rasped with desire as he whispered, “My sweet John, I am afire with yearning for you. I’m not attempting to seduce you from your loyalties, just into my arms.”
“How could I not have?” She laughed quietly. “You glow like the first star each time you speak of him. He must make you very happy.”
“Sherlock?” he whispered. “Why are you wearing this uniform?”
“Yours? We are not betrothed.”
“I am interested in the pistol.”
As they walked toward the house, John flinched when Sebastian said, “I heard Harry was hurt, too.”
“No, you did not intrude. I’m glad you came to speak with me, especially about this,” Talking about Greg’s concern for Molly had given John a moment’s respite from thinking of how and when he should reveal to his family that Sherlock would not be returning.
treatment of
“But you are afraid of marrying him and going to live with him and his father. Just the father and the son and you, the omega. Very, very cozy.”
“I am not hungry for the luncheon in that basket,” he murmured.
“Silence, Omega!” snapped his father. “This is not the fine marriage I would have wished for you, but it is clear that you had no such interest in such a mating. I shall arrange for a special license to be issued without delay. Harry, alert Reverend Hooper.” His dark eyes gleamed with rage. “I want no chance of you, Sherlock, changing your mind in the dawn-light and leaving my son with a reputation that cannot be salvaged.”
“If I can, my heart.”
As he walked toward the door, Sherlock called to his back, “Mr. Watson.”
“I am doing fine.” He started to walk back along the wall, but Sherlock stepped in front of him, blocking his way. “Sherlock, I have no time for this.”
His smile didn’t waver, but his eyes became hard. “About what?”
John came down the stairs, looking at the list Mrs. Carson had given him that afternoon.  Some of the things must be ordered from London because the shops in the village did not have the fabrics that were necessary for the new coats for his father and the other Alphas. He sighed when he saw that Mrs. Carson and Auntie had included enough fabric for a coat for Sherlock, too.  John didn’t know if he would return here to wear it.
At the bafflement in Sherlock’s voice, John forced his gaze back to him. He smiled as he motioned toward the tray with a grace that suggested he was the host. Again John wondered where he acquired such polished manners. Other peddlers coming to Watson Hall were as rough as the life they lived.
John shifted closer. "Why shouldn't I be? I warned you she was crazier than she looked. So I got a spot of violence, I got to save my husband from death by bathtub, and I also get a healthy dose of I told you so."  He grinned again. "You like me when I'm smug. Let's get you home and dry and you'll remember why."
“True.”  He held out the cake out for John to take a bite.  When he leaned toward him to sample the cake, Sherlock captured his lips instead.
John could not help but return the smile. Sherlock Holmes was certainly unlike any peddler he’d ever met before.  He was as eager to sell as any who’d come before, yet he spoke like an educated man. He glanced at the many books strewn about the wagon. Perhaps between the books and conversations with his customers he had managed to gain somewhat of an education.
Without that horrible, green uniform, his ebony hair shone, even in the dim light, against the high collar of his shirt. Sherlock smiled, and John wanted to smile back, to have the afternoon be nothing but a nightmare brought on by the storm.
Sherlock asked quietly, “How do you know?”
“One does not need to be involved in espionage to hear such rumors.”  He gave John a wry smile. “I can now tell you  on my first night here I thought my men had come to speak with me, and you interrupted them by my wagon.”
As always, thank you
Immediately.
Greg shook his head as he stood. “Her brother and I remain the closest of tie-mates. That will not change.”
“A most disagreeable caller.”
taunted the small voice in his head. He tried to ignore it.
Sherlock caught John’s shoulders and brought him up against his chest. His kiss cajoled John into forgetting everything but the delight of Sherlock’s mouth on his own. When John’s fingers rose, he pulled them back with a moan when they brushed the gold braid of Sherlock’s epaulets.
“They won’t need them.”
“Delivered here safely, thanks to Mrs. James.”
“That is something we should have thought of before we spoke our vows.”
“She’s only a child.”
“I have no interest in – “
“Yes?” he managed to whisper.
A groan was warm against John’s cheek. He twisted to see Mr. Holmes face only a finger’s breadth away from his own. His eyes were closed, saving John from that potent gaze that even the darkness could not dim. Shadows etched lines upon his brow. He’d saved him. But…
Now John stared at his cousin.  What did he know of this?  He did not want to believe he was somehow involved with the smugglers. Mayhap Molly’s heart was not the only one he was determined to break, for Father would be disconsolate to discover his heir was aiding the smugglers in their ignoble work.
“Do you harbor some affection for Moran?”
“You need not concern yourself with me.”
When the dance ended, he edged back as Harry offered to stand up with her aunt. No one spoke to him as he made his way through the crowd and out onto the terrace.
Mr. Holmes groaned.
has to say.”
Tears weighed heavily in his eyes, but he refused to let them fall. Sherlock had been gone for over a week. Maybe he would be waiting for John when he returned to Watson Hall. He must not let his hopes rise wildly, for he wondered how many more blows his heart could endure.
He looked at his aunt.
“If that is what you want.” John was not sure what else to say. Maybe he had done something wrong, but how could there be anything wrong about something which was so glorious?
“I did not suspect to find such sentiment here where you would suffer the brunt of the invasion.”
“Why?”
Mr. Donovan leaned back and smiled.  “That need not concern you.  What you should be concerned about is whether your husband will give you a look-in at my house shortly after he comes back from whatever mischief he has been creating.”
. The best beta a gal can ask for. And as always, all mistakes are mine.
“We have,” Mr. Donovan chuckled.
“Tomorrow.”
Sherlock looked up from where he was perusing one of Lord Watson’s books in the quiet library. He could not recall the last time he had held a book and had a chance to read it. This one was in English, although many of the books on the shelves were in French and German. Clearly, the baron prided himself on his education. Sherlock had seen pieces of art in the house that were undeniably French, so he guessed the baron had more hatred for the smugglers who were breaking England’s laws than for the French.
“Please could I have the small breakfast fry-up?” Sherlock politely asked the eager waitress. He supposed she was just looking for something to do; the breakfast area was all but empty.
After finishing up with the register, the young teacher spoke to the class "Right, well formalities over and done with, maybe I should tell you a bit about myself." He took a moment to survey the room, glad to see they weren't drifting into boredom, but rather listening to him quite intently.
Sherlock got up to leave but was pulled back by John.
“John, not that I’m not grateful, because truly I am, like wow, thank you.” He was rambling, pull it together Sherlock. “I just mean; I don’t really see the deduction”.
With just under half an hour to go before lunch Sherlock was feeling positively giddy, and quite frankly, it scared him. He always believed he could trust his emotions, right up until he met John Watson. Who chose to see his brilliance, not his arrogance, who marveled at, rather than mocked, his talent. Who had made him, for the first time in his life, look forward to school.
John smiled politely at Helen, thanked her and returned the clipboard to his bag. He was rather conscious of how hungover he must look and whilst he knew Helen would never say anything to get John in trouble, what he really did not need at that moment was a condescending lecture from a 'concerned' colleague.
"So," John started again, "You looking forward to Friday?"
"Well, you could always come with me…" Sherlock grinned, wanting to make John smile.
“John, I’m just going to run to the toilet, be right back.” Sherlock lied. In actual fact, he was heading for the gift shop, determined to find John a suitable thank-you present. This proved to be quite the task given that Sherlock only had a £20 note and about 5 minutes before John got suspicious. Sherlock settled on an intricate keyring in the shape of the royal crown and a postcard depicting a map of central London. Sherlock was able to pay the cashier promptly and stashed the keyring and postcard in his coat pocket. He would have to write his note to John on the train, he had already been gone well past the five minutes.
“So John, I was thinking,” Sherlock began, “seeing as we’re about to break up for the Christmas holiday and we’re going to be apart – I mean away – for a few weeks, maybe we could erm… meet up sometime during that time?”
John nodded, "So could you do me? ... I mean, could you deduce me?"
Room 86, The Moon and Stars B&B
Sherlock returns to Baker Street Comprehensive for his last year of sixth form, only to meet, and develop a crush on, the new Biology teacher, Mr Watson. But does John feel the same? Teacher!John, Student!Sherlock. Rated M for content in later chapters. (All feedback is welcomed openly).
As Sherlock exited the room he took one final look at his Biology teacher, who had returned to tidying the class room, and felt a slight flush as he watched John bent down to pick a few discarded pencils up from off the floor.
Fuck it. John decided that he was going to be the bigger person and make real amends. “Sherlock, if you don’t mind. I’d like a quick word”.
Mycroft never bothered to reply. Instead he just silently drove them home. Sherlock presumed he was thinking about work. He was wrong. It had taken Mycroft all of 26 seconds to deduce that his brother was in love and he was determined to figure out who it was.
"Yeah, right." John rolled his eyes at Sherlock and shook his head. Why would anyone fancy him? Okay he wasn't the ugliest person in the world, to some he could even be attractive, but to himself he was just plain. 'The safe option', that was what Mary had reduced him to in one of their numerous arguments. Reliable. Boring. Dull. So it was a mystery to John as to what anyone else could see in John.
John chuckled. “And I thought you were meant to be a genius. I’m bisexual. I’m not exactly open about it, but I don’t hide it.” He paused and decided to make a deduction of his own, “And I don’t think you should either”.
“Hey John, did you have a good weekend?” Sherlock made sure to hide the fact that he’d noticed John’s change of character.
“You can’t pay for everything.” Sherlock moaned, he was already so grateful for the train tickets and for dinner.
“I’m sorry to hear that, I did always like Mary, but anyway plenty more fish in the sea – speaking of which, anyone new?” Harry asked with a mixture of teasing and genuine curiosity”.
“Please Harry,” John appealed, “just drop it”.
Love Sherlock x
John took a moment to read over Sherlock’s words. “Thank you Sherlock, but honestly it was my pleasure.”
“Not really as in change the subject Harry.” John rolled his eyes but this only made Harry more excitable.
"Talking to someone." The younger Holmes said bluntly.
It was a brand new scientific eye glass. Sherlock didn’t know that Mycroft had it in him to be so thoughtful, or that he had known that his last one had broken just days ago.
"Oh er, thank you, I-" Sherlock started, only to be interrupted by Mr. Watson, "You did get one thing wrong though, well not wrong entirely. I was in a long term relationship. Only, 'was' being the operative word. We broke up, me and Mary, about 2 weeks ago. And yes, we were together for seven years. I'm rambling now and I don't really know why I am telling you all of this".
"Bye John." Sherlock began, but was met with a raised eyebrow.
The truth was that John has nothing to worry about. Sherlock admired John’s story and could feel his itch to get back to a life of action and adventure. Something which Sherlock felt quite regularly. It didn’t bother him that he’d already been to St. Bartholomew’s with John as this was what he had come to London for.
Sherlock rolled his eyes, he had picked up on John’s behaviour relaxing a little and this eased his own apprehension. “Boring. As usual and quite obvious when compared to the day I had on Friday.”
John. Sherlock felt a wave of joy, pure joy. Quickly followed by what he was ashamed to admit was giddiness. Sherlock has feared that John’s changed in behaviour was a result of him trying to distance himself from Sherlock. He now knew that was not the case. Not only had John felt bad for how he had acted, but he had made the effort to convey this to Sherlock. All of a sudden Sherlock could not wait to return back to school.
"Okay, next question," said John "what do you want to do after you leave BSC?"
“When I was your age’ Sherlock mimicked, “Christ John, you make yourself sound ancient, you’re what, twenty-four, twenty-five?”
John tried not to consider the possibility of being accosted by Sherlock’s older brother. “Hmm. I think from now on maybe we should be careful. I mean if that is what you want. I’m not trying to pressure you into anything.”
Sherlock turned to look forlornly out the window, grateful that it was only a few minutes left of the journey. It just didn’t real right to be leaving John. He understood why they had to be careful, but it didn’t make his departure any less upsetting. Perhaps it was the suddenness of it all. Sherlock closed his eyes and replayed the memory of the last two days over in his head.
Sherlock decided to let all the other students filter onto the train before hopping on himself. Luckily, Sherlock had seen that John had taken a seat at the far back of the carriage and so he started to head in that direction, hoping John would call him over. However, as Sherlock neared, he realised that not only was John looking hungover but his jumper was on back-to-front. At the disheveled sight of his teacher Sherlock suppressed his nerves and sat beside John without being prompted.
"You're late." He stated.
“I should’ve guessed,” John chuckled "there's not much you don't know, or haven't deduced, about me anymore. But thinking about it, in comparison I really know nothing about you Sherlock" replied John.
"I think that's quite enough mister...?" a male voice waited for a response.
Sherlock stared at his teacher and nodded, managing a "Yes."
Shit. Sherlock was late and it was only his first day back after the summer. Bloody Mycroft, insisting that he would drive Sherlock in, only to make them late because he just had to take that call from which ever politician he was interning under nowadays. It wasn’t like he was starting his last year of sixth form or anything... Oh wait. On the bright side, he’d heard rumors that the school bully, Charlie Magnussen, who seemed to have a personal vendetta against him, had not received the grades needed to carry on in the thirteenth year. But at least, Sherlock thought, he now only had to endure this place a little longer and then he'd be free. Free of idiots like Charlie Magnussen. Free of Mycroft's control and watchful eye. Free to run away to London; it was Sherlock's dream. He shook his head, he had better not get ahead of himself, he still had to endure the year ahead.
Sherlock and Mycroft had a deal, once an ambitious idea, turning into a powerful tool.
Shades of dull pain and frustration.
His brother was impossible.
Apparently just because nude friendly companions spend a night in your bed; it does not guarantee your presence there.
"Do we have a home?" sarcastic note flat.
If that freelancer
Cat naps.
It is and always was a question of perspective.
The man turning around, swapping Mycroft`s sheets, one naked pale shoulder sticking out.
Sleep
Sherlock had his own rooms, too.
Ghoustly laugher
Everyone the same
He accepted the fact, prioritizing his work as usual.
One credit card
Growing less human
what a shame
Hiding at the stairs
"I am 27."
Begining there
And again
At first, they were in love, especially cats.
Sherlock was too busy wining to realize his brother's reaction on the white fabric of his shirt, hugging Sherlock as a second skin.
There were many reasons, he would rather not discuss, but none of them was a secret.
or Mayhem will start
Friendships.
Allowing Sherlock to destroy another set of clean sheets, letting him fall asleep, the nakedness of ivory skin of his shoulders keeping Mycroft awake till morning.
The silence was there
alive
Out of his suits
Too obvious
She would return
Too boring to care
Who could fit
Answers they need
Feed by simple sex
He is a user; we are talking opiums, heroine, nicotine, painkillers, acids, adrinaline and endorfines, sex in particular but above that the "rush of clearity" are things he enjoys experiencing.
Dark silky locks falling over her eyes
Break his heart?
But it was always his, Egyptian sheets; the boy was wrapped in, equally nude as his infuriated mistress.
Mycroft knew.
Not until their enemies knew their places.
timeless
Just like when
Not a brother
Grow up
Throwing the drenched through cloths on the stairs.
Again
His relationship with drugs was the most stable. Safe. Pure. His mind craving for the treat.
Roaring storm of many hearts
Raising her
"I am not sleeping with our mother" Mycroft chocked.
Mycroft smiled."Share yours?"
Admired him
Realization came at 7 AM, in his kitchen
Not that people stayed by his side long enough to care.
violin sounds
The boy coming down, dressed in jeans and shirt, bare feet, Mycroft`s lazy cloths.
striped
Everything planned by bizarre plotting, one brother winning over another.
Treasured every memory of his touch
But somehow, the arrangement suited them.
hard to look into
Sitting far from him
he would remain dead
Mycrofts assistants
Realisations late
"She got pregnant. You have a son."
She was tired and sleepy, expecting a meal
Pity. Shame. Aggression.
The fall
Friendship born
Facts on facts
Irene would disagree.
Sherlock moved her
Chain of people in and out
A bitter cup of tea with a piece of lemon was a tradition.
in the silence
Brittish Empire
It was his life.
Spending every other season with her brothers
His crush on the sharp woman nicknames Jarvis
Some men she could have
crime
Would release the kraken
"Hey."
Sherlock/drugs;
Consisted visits, every afternoon around eight and a tasteful little box always supplied, beside a piece of Lemon cake, the guilty pleasure both men shared since their mother showed them Holmes`s secret recipe.
No questions asked
Sherlock was equally bored, useless degrees lying in a box, somewhere in the closet.
Molly loved her father.
23 gram of cocaine, a plant dried and cooked, mixed with fine powder, a mixture of sand and salts. Not the finest quality, probably some crushed concrete in there, instead.
Sherlock giggling into thin air; boring week with aggressive flu turning into adventure.
When Sherlock was on drugs, the boy was fading through the floor.
Sherlock chose to become an untouchable.
"I am not in love with you" the younger man laughed darkly, searching for a smoke; finding one where they always were, in his brother's pockets. "Not with you…or her, or anyone."
Twisted sub-reality
Mycroft`s temper rising.
One umbrella poking a smug cheek
Sherlock froze, a questioning small sound, slipping from this throat.
Little giggle,laughing mad
of fragile wrists
One who have chosen
When you are already dead
Lovers hired rooms and took farewells
Sentiment
"Want one?" Sherlock breathed out, nervous.
Chocolate eyes and porcelain skin
He heard the voice
Three tiny little graves
Like a good dog he is
Guests
Calmness
Very few things were more obvious.
Watching Mycroft, a reflection, the room puzzled together, optical invisibility, Mycroft`s twenty first birthday present.
And turned into a piece of meat
Sherlock fascinated people.
Suggesting the idea
Bagginess of a tshirt and a pair of female jeans
Molly wasn`t one of the nameless girls, he learned.
Their parent`s hopelessness.
Their dinners slow
He always made an effort.
The sight of milky white skin under his hand blooming up with a bruise was like a cold shower, John stepping back.
Nothing was
Violet Holmes, Sherrinford by the birth, was a mesmerizing noble girl, a petite creature with wide grey eyes and the bone structure of a doll.
In his Mind Palace
Considering some of the looks Mycroft gave him, it was his wish.
Sometimes, when the sounds, turned into a blur…
No space for errors there
Oldest Holmes
Black market couldn`t simply ignore a "hero of justice", commonly found sitting on one of the couches in their own drug house.
Sherlock knew everything about boredom.
Why should you bother,boy
His fell apart
Mind palaces
Sherlock was naked.
His favorite suit stripped off him, somewhere in Middle East.
Fool indeed
It is not like people ever learn
He was an easily bruised kid
Nothing could compare.
All kind of people… Rich noblemen as well as homeless students, men and women...
Was not a nine years old boy
How different lithosphare is
and breathing
Motivating to explore
Activated weeks ago
Nor did he care for talking, walking around the house; silent for weeks.
The thrill of surviving.
Like a housewife he was
Mycroft enjoyed himself.
Weeks of time ticking away
Her strange laugh
alone
John couldn`t see small details or the half looks.
John couldn`t understand them.
Sherlock/Sherlock`s all mighty brain;
Social norms holding such passion back.
He was always good, tried to be, since forever.
At any given time?
Once it hurt.
Intrest
she was not told
Every time Sherlock though of the word, his deeply scientific soul was over flown with emotion.
Slowly
A nameless girl glancing up in silence, her perfect olive colored hand sliding down the back of Mycroft walking companion, leading the elderly man away.
one who they though
Sherlock was sixteen.
The man grew bored within hours.
Clenching his teeth, Mycroft thought that shagging the daylight out of Sherlock would be easier.
Just George cooked them a meal of eggs
Mycroft catching their sence
None of his inner organs were removed and all of his limbs remained intact.
They both understood that "project John Watson" would never end well.
offer declined
sex or not
Cloud of smoke between them
A petrified parent; letting John move in with Sherlock.
So there they were, Mycroft age 14 and Sherlock age 9, standing on the terrace of a castle watching the Queen drink her tea, a nameless girl by her side explaining why the country couldn't afford to offer them any other guardian.
Work and drugs, did.
Like slipping into his office and waiting.
It took seven months
Surprising youth
They never argued, slammed doors and cried.
Mycroft was a bad father.
Kept secrets
His brother breathing
Lies.
Watching people, with a pair of eyes whores spoke about to each other.
Mrs. and Mr. Holmes had two sons they were very proud of, whom they left everything they owned before leaving the country in a hurry.
Operation turning too slimy for Sherlock`s taste.
At 8.00 Sherlock was up
slow child
His hands resting on slender waist, over sized shirt slipping off one of the bony shoulders.
"My gardens; I grow grapes for wine."
He woke up calm
Mycroft was not a violent man.
she could not tell
Mycroft smiled, his teeth sinking into the pale skin, Sherlock moaning silently.
Mycroft felt it
She was a fast learner.
Those
Sherlock got himself a pair of nasty sunburns on the trip, disliking India since then.
It was enough for Moriarty.
Sherlock Holmes leaning his head on a tree,
Wishing some rest for both of them.
With puddings and pies
Forgotten sister
"You don't have friends" he whispered, suddenly realizing the lack of protests.
Lovers had sex
The boy refused sleeping, since the youngest of age, nesting in a lather armchair placed strategically in-between kitchen and the lab.
Crystalic real world
Sherlock`s invisible smile as Mycroft gasped.
"You don't have friends, Sherlock."
gold and stone
He was just a kid; he lied to himself, throwing out another needle.
The world lying,helpless at their feet.
"You jumped a building"
placed
They loved each other through.
Sherlock couldn`t stand it, within a week.
Mycroft couldn`t be trusted
Screen light
Sherlock knew too, but the boy hoped he was wrong.
Her wrists bruised
Touching the space between them
The future.
Left drugged
Just a child
But Sherlock just laughed at him, every time Mycroft tried, silent and smiling little brother.
It is a paradox.
How long was it since they talked?
understanding
His first full meal in over a month.
her heart crushed
There would be stubborness
Or check
Nothing was.
When she stopped being his child
"I am his equal!" the child screamed
Blood already there
Inbetween cases week
Moriarty.
horrible posture
At the ending of that day
Helios
Death or not
Even the last one
It was not about Sherlocks death
The few of Sherlock`s relationships always turned out weird.
"I am in bloody China"
Mycroft left breathless in his solitude.
Mind palace orgonised
Letting Sherlock move out was another question.
its way
Why would he care?
Boiling hot showers
Knowingly
He was turning old
belong to them
He was restless.
John never understood the difference between stuff that matters and the rest.
Partly on terms of a lifedept The woman had
Simple life and arrogance
but at least two.
For the eye
Sherlock needed tenderness.
His invisible little brother…
something bad
The identical lucid blue
And sneaking in into Mycroft's office for the ice cream
John pouting about gallon of milk
Unlimited project funding
Catching
And polar bears
Scared and turned on. By life. By death. He was alive.
The woman.
Resourseful
thinking of reasons
Somehow, Sherlock never really got involved with managing the work, apart from basics.
Most certainly, Sherlock knew.
Or did they?
Awkwardness was the high note in their relationship.
This time
"It is what all of you want, right." laughter gone now "Happy bloody endings!"
The damn thing, was, just plain old love
"Quite honestly, I expected tea."
Sherlock was a favorite.
Birds singing songs
Excavating gathering of workaholics
luxery expected from Irene
Taking their revenge was a matter of buying plane tickets.
"Yes Sherlock"
Happy
Dressed in red silk
brothers alike
But he knew; everything.
He was there when she cried
"Wasn`t hard"
Why would you suggest otherwise?
Mycroft catching their stalker in the dark
Nothing could, until John Watson met the Holmes brothers.
Making him gasp in surprise, questions fill his eyes.
Computers sang out
Again.
Mycroft laughing as yet another woman marched through their garden, nude.
They watched
and a someone else
Breathing
Belonging in the politics
Hiding in lace and silk
His enemies never really reached the moment where they could laugh together.
The girl, with sad eyes, leaving
To try
Irene was a sight of elegance and sophistication
"We did this before" Sherlock concluded; Mycroft sitting both of them down in a chair. View from sixty two floors as good as could be imagined. "We did this a lot" Sherlock continued.
In fact, shagging the daylight out of Sherlock was a wonderful idea.
Mycroft was frustrated
The truth was, he wasn`t.
Offering their greetings
But what is their point?
Striped
Their conscious growing numb
It was not
when you screwed up
Time moving up and down up and down
Of course he remembered it.
Humans.
"Yes" Sherlock answered
Hysteria
Everything at once
It wasn`t a secret
And, time.
He learned she`s still alive
The women, silenced, a bird blinking in surprise, Mycroft`s hand slapping her cheek.
in her own mind
Humanity
Banana plant
The woman jumping up in horror, running away, her purse pressed to her chest, deep blush on her cheeks.
Two years to go
Handled around
The whole arrangement wasn`t really unexpected…
Come to terms
Without a warning the book dropped, calm blue gaze watching as Mycroft turned pink, his cheeks burning.
Take offerings
a friend
With a size of
He was a good customer, paying good and keeping clean.
Very funny to observe
Or for that matter move
They were a good family, loving one.
For every problem
of pissed off
"Ah, I never forgiven you; have I?"
Rich child
and knew nothing about
"You are impossible, Mike"
It was a happy ending.
Ignore your feelings
Falling asleep, he smiled.
Reporting calm
With justice and without
First time Sherlock had sex with a man, Mycroft was watching them.
something edgy
Shoulders
Plane
Busy with work and research, brothers enjoyed a few hours in silence.
she handled well
They both knew "John Watson" would hurt.
above
Meeting one man in a sweatshirt
"We have a pet doctor, one madman and Irene reminds me of mother."
The boy certainly deserved it.
Bond so strong, it suffocated them.
The boy actually falling over unconscious…
Defying the man
Just somebody he picked up
"Sherlock"
"And you spend half your life between other people's legs."
The woman scared now.
Games
She always prefered pants
can be rather hard
Money on the grand
Eyes so blue
His parents were dead alike.
Knowing his reasons was mostly the question of perspective.
more like a mansion
"I do" Sherlock bubbled with laughter "Are we going home now?"
Clowns
Lack of which
"John?"
A hospital nurse; six from the cubic fair
The woman was in pain and struggle.
Mycroft was tired; he was exhausted and he was irritated with Sherlock.
Angsty.
Office people shattering away like cagles
Twisted in a frown
Black
cleaned
The woman,
The deep blue filled with sadness, Mycroft never understood.
Cases cleared out, the world saved.
Mycroft wasn`t proud of his parenting
and questions to ask
His psychologist the one he returned from, sulking, his cloths smelling of artificial kindness.
Hitting Sherlock wasn`t easy
and face truth
And so in love with him, it was annoying.
trust
"Not really"
Thirty four eyes
and punishments
Mycroft/Sherlock
Her lacy curvy thighs
Do people usually assume you are the murderer? John asked him, feeling clever.
With ropes and metal
Mycroft smiled, sensing something warm bubbling inside of him.
His clients rarely knew he existed, the boy observing them from a far.
He was probably bored.
Avoiding to frown
Asking for his coffee
Testing a theory.
Such things
They were so needy…
Be what we want to see
John was not.
"You don't do happy endings Sherlock." Mycroft signed, fishing out a lighter."People are not maps you memorize."
Returning, early in the morning, silent and guilty, slipping into Mycroft`s bed.
when they are no more
Floating about
Sherlock had a lot`s of cloths.
And Sherlock…
Broken ribs and noses, scars.
The kind Shelto would react to
Anytime
Mycroft tensed, bravery tingling at his guts.
A sound doctor never produced before
Program selecting
Estate was huge
There is an unwritten rule in politics.
The hunt
They never thought of getting a second bed for Sherlock, either.
Memories of their mother, was one of those things.
Sensed it
"Or slice you open..."
Private school
"I never thought about it, that way"; "Have you spend time brooding over whom I love ?"
car awaiting them
Hacking into the house
Standard precisions failed
The book was mathematical; the fragile simplicity of the mind.
"John!"Mycroft repeated.
John decided to accept the invitation
Life.
He could move again within next half the year.
Held so tight
Sherlock stole him.
always the same
Sherlock had a thing, for outdoors.
Stubbornness of will
Who told them there was a
Some people knew, other were clueless.
important to many
An idea, their father used to joke about.
Surprising himself
Always games.
His wounds were always wide open.
Sherlock never mentioned them out loud, putting the first pebble into their friendship.
far away
Ninety five trainees
before
Her world crumbled
company orders
Letting Sherlock sleep off the melancholy was the only acceptable of many unacceptable things Mycroft could do, anyway.
But never surprising.
Or he used every opportunity, trying.
Olivia spoke Chinese
Sherlock`s compensation was his first dose of liquid nicotine.
Seventeen winners
Sherlock destroying another set of Mycroft`s sheets by climbing into the bed, his hands still dirty.
Facing the shock
John left behind
He marked him.
without reflections
"You don't have friends" he finally hissed
Sherlock was never a show for little doctor to enjoy.
The silence was unbearable
A new connection, tugging inside of Sherlock, growing it`s poisonous roots through him.
Mycroft's worries washed away
Pleasure they sometimes shared.
artless
In plain sight
Human error
"Why would you need me…" he whispered back, leaning his suddenly warm head to the surface of the door.
Some would say cute
Country of sideprojects great Sherlock Holmes never cared to share
He was just, not, very well suited for it.
A human cocoon with one slender leg stretched out on the couch.
Her wrists looked stunning
Mycroft was watching Sherlock.
nameless one
Bag with tailored suit lifted into the car.
He had excuses
You can pretty much valse
Idolising him
Horror
Sudden, yes.
from someone
How one does
The meaning of Sherlock`s happiness in his, personal inner world, was nothing they needed to discuss.
Back in China, Sherlock hired a stripper
Four peach trees
Their attraction making them a good team
One and only exception of a rule not to eat during cases.
"Shelly; dearest; were you expecting sex?"
After the news, boys were silent.
And it would not
Sherlock looked just like her.
It was Mycroft`s 30th birthday
The man was clueless.
Double meanings
Stubborn, too
Melody of her heels
Mycroft was gentle.
Watching people disappear
Their father was a Norwegian born soldier, calling himself Steven.
Black
Easy to get
Moving far away from scene
John only seen among bears.
Hands
Sherlock frowning.
Clever.
her heart skipping beat
Such issues were all, too easy to crack.
Their first kiss was surprising.
Sherlock saved her
Money wasted on surveillance, all for nothing.
Knowledge is everything.
Pale complexion
Important little man
His little brother
And it`s not like Sherlock cared.
Mycroft Holmes laughing until tears fell
Frustration
Sentiment there, nothing else.
A pair of feet resting on top of an armchair.
Some people bring out the best in each other.
Finding the man responsible, took a little bit more scheming.
a mindfuck there
Which is embaressing
One who was not a clown
Realising in dispare
Her killer, undiscovered.
Sometimes, Mycroft felt a warm note of affection, watching the smartest man alive laying helpless and asleep, pretty limbs spread across the mattress.
Driving her mad
Snappy comments
"I love you too" Sherlock frowned.
creamy cotton
In a way two monsters enjoy playing around.
And then the silence came.
It is after all
Adored every word he said.
just to stay out the way
He owned two houses now
Raised as a princess
Interrupted
Twice a month Sherlock crashed and ate and slept.
Sherlock met his mother's eyes; "Fine, I'll come down at six" he mumbled, walking off to his room.
“Oh I think they might overlook it; given that they probably be more concerned with you whisking me away in the first place.” Sherlock decided to leave it there, not wanting to push John into doubting their trip. He was thankful that their food arrived before John had time to think too much about what he had said.
"Bye Sherlock."
English had always been a subject Sherlock enjoyed, and even though he’d already read King Lear at least three times, and had written a number of academic articles on Shakespeare, he still threw himself into the lesson wholeheartedly in an attempt to keep himself busy until his next lesson – biology.
“Sorry John. I got a bit distracted.” Sherlock’s face displayed his apology even before he spoke.
“Does this science partner have a name?” Mycroft inquired just over half way to the station.
“Oh okay, cool.” Sherlock was all too aware that John was trying to brush him off, but in an attempt to conceal his own embarrassment he tried to busy himself back into his experiment.
With that Sherlock began fiddling with the equipment in the room, he knew they only had an hour or two at best and he wanted to make the most of it. He had his own equipment in his room, but that was nothing compared to the level of in-depth investigation he could achieve with the facilities here.
John found that last one a little too hard to believe that Sherlock has deduced that just by looking at the elderly lady. He said this to Sherlock and was quite amused when he admitted that he had actually overheard the lady on the phone, thanking her grandson, whilst John had been in the toilet. The rest of the journey followed in a similar manner with the Sherlock explaining to John some of the more complicated deductions. John brought them a drink each and was pleased when Sherlock accepted half of his sandwich. They discussed their plans for the day ahead. Sherlock was keen to see the real side of London and not just the tourist attractions – he did hate overcrowded places. John suggested visiting one of the smaller, more specialised museums like the Anaesthesia Heritage Centre or the Kirkaldy Testing Museum. Sherlock didn’t seem too enthusiastic, which led John to his only remaining suggestion.
And whilst Sherlock may not yet have noticed John’s growing attraction, someone else had. Although John was oblivious to the fact that his colleague, Helen Jones, was starting to grow suspicious of his relationship with Sherlock.
Sherlock had made sure to finish his whole plate of food, or the sake of his mother.
“Hey Lockie, just wanted to check you were okay?” Violet inquired as she entered the room.
"Ah," John thought back to the previous day, "You mean like Sally Donovan?"
“I really wanted to see the Old Bailey court, it’s a three-minute walk away but...” Sherlock answered, pausing to check something on his phone. “But yeah, it closed about an hour ago.”
“Well I really want to go to the Old Bailey court, as we didn’t make it yesterday and then I, happy to follow your lead.” Sherlock replied.
"Considering it's what…" Sherlock paused to look at the clock, "thirty-seven second to go, I would say it's rather pointless now, wouldn't you?"
Sherlock’s effort to act as though nothing was wrong seemed to ease John a little, he decided that he didn’t need to be so restrained that he wouldn’t even look at the boy. John was reminded of a time back when he was in college, when he was so infatuated with a girl in his class that he could not look her in the eye for fear of revealing his feelings to her.
I know this doesn’t come close to the money you have spent on me these last few days, but I wanted to show my appreciation. I hope this postcard will always remind you of our first trip to London together. More so, I hope that it isn’t our last. I chose this keyring so that you can always have something to remind you of me. Especially on days where we can’t be together.
Sherlock quickly glanced over John, “I know. Your fingers are slightly shorter in proportion to your palms, consistent with playing a musical instrument that places pressure on your fingertips at a young age."
“Well after being cooped up in this small town my whole life, it was like a breath of fresh air. Although maybe not a literal one – it will be very interesting to study the effects of pollution levels on the minds of criminals.” Sherlock noted.
The waitress scribbled on a small notepad and turned to John. “And for you hun? Will it be the same as your boyfriend?”
Sherlock quirked an eyebrow, "Forget a small crush, she's fairly infatuated with you, as is the rest of the female cohort at Baker Street Comp."
John grinned "Seriously Sherlock, what you can do… its bloody genius."
John snapped out of his daydream to watch Sherlock as he placed his bag in the overhead compartment and sat beside him. "Wh..What?" he asked, sounding just as rough as he felt.
"I'll be there to help out the police with unsolved cases, see to private clients who need my deduction skills, that sort of thing." Sherlock answered proudly.
John relished in the adoration Sherlock wore on his face. It was such a beautiful look on the younger man, and a rare one at that – so often John saw boredom or disdain cross Sherlock’s face that seeing him in adulation was delightful. “I must admit; I am quiet jealous Sherlock. Life in London can be overwhelming but I’m sure it’s going to be as exciting as you imagine. You’ll have to send me regular updates of your adventures.”
"What do you want Magnussen?” he sighed, “were the holidays so dull that you just couldn't wait to see me again?"
It was Sherlock’s first day back after the Christmas holidays, just a little over a week since he had received John’s apology. Sherlock had read over John’s card more times than he cared to admit, he could probably quote it word for word if he had the desire to do so. At first Sherlock had been desperate to see John, he was even tempted to try and find his teacher’s address online – but he quickly dismissed the idea. He might not get the reaction he hoped for if he just turned up to John’s unannounced. Moreover, the initial joy Sherlock had felt from receiving the card had dwindled slightly as the teenager’s anxiety got the better of him. Whilst he was in no doubt of John’s sincerity, he was all too aware of the clear signs of dismissal that his teacher exhibited after Sherlock tried to arrange a meeting during the break. As a result, Sherlock was unable to sit still and fidgeted profusely as his waited for John to arrive to class. John finally strode through the door, quite clumsily Sherlock noticed; he deduced the teacher had overslept, clearly he had become used to not waking up early over the holiday.
Sherlock zoned out, there was something about the new teacher that intrigued him. Mr. Watson was the sort of teacher that could hold the attention of a class effortlessly. One who could flash a smile that melted the hearts of any, and every, female student and yet he seemed oblivious to his charm. He carried himself with a modest dignity; something Sherlock saw rarely walking the halls of Baker Street Comprehensive. However, what struck Sherlock the most was that his new teacher actually acknowledged him. During his time at BSC, the vast majority of teachers tended to ignore, or even actively avoid, him. Especially after the time that he deduced, quite correctly, that his English teacher, Mr. Lestrade, was being cheated on by his wife with another teacher at the school. This was not atypical of Sherlock’s schooling experience. It wasn't that anyone one said anything to his face, well apart from Magnussen and his gang, it was just that if they passed him in the corridor students, and teacher alike, tended to give him a wide berth. And of course, being the younger brother of Mycroft Holmes meant that his name already carried a reputation. He was lucky he even had Molly.
"Careful Sir, you wanna watch Holmes, he's a freak. He knows about people, like their secrets and stuff." Sally Donovan, one of Magnussen's crew, called from the back of the room, resulting in a chorus of sniggering from the rest of the class.
"Hi Mr. Watson" Sherlock replied as he took a seat on top of John's desk.
The day ran by relatively normally, as usual Sherlock wandered from lesson to lesson, not really paying much attention. One thing he was thankful for, however, was that now he’d reached sixth form level of education he only had to study three subjects of his choice. Sherlock had chosen English, Biology and Law because they were the only subjects he could really tolerate. He also hoped that these subjects would aid him in his attempt to become the first ever Consulting Detective, a role in which he dreamed he’d be able to solve the mysteries that the police could not. Some days Sherlock selfishly resented his parents for not sent him to a private school, it just seemed a waste – to send him to a place he hated, to be taught things he already knew, by people who clearly didn't like him. The only redeeming feature that Baker Street Comprehensive (or BSC as it was also known) had to offer was that they allowed Sherlock to use music rooms in his free periods and lunch breaks, where he would spend most of his time playing the violin or reading over interesting reports he’d accessed from Mycroft’s ‘private’ files. It was safe to say that Sherlock spent most, if not all, of his free time in the music rooms at BSC, so much so that he often lost track of time. Today was no exception, he had found some recent crime stats in his brother’s files and by the time he’d finished reading over them it was quarter to three, fifteen minutes into his last lesson. Lateness was becoming a running theme.
In fact, as Greg Lestrade – Sherlock's English teacher – had noticed, the entire class appeared to work twice as hard during his fifth period lesson. Greg figured it was most likely an attempt by his students to earn favor with him so that he would let them out early, meaning they would get to John Watson’s lesson on time and secure a good seat. Greg wouldn’t like to admit to himself but he was a bit jealous oh John. John has become a bit of a legend at Baker Street Comprehensive over the last month, with both the staff and the pupils. He was engaging and 'cool' enough that he was loved by the students, but at the same time he wasn't trying so hard that the other teachers disliked him. This was a fact that had all but passed John by. Yes, he realized that he was lucky enough to be liked by practically everyone – bar the few 'the world is against me' angsty teenagers– but he had never really cared about the opinions of others, until Mary, that was. And, he thought, until Sherlock. John didn’t have to think hard to find similarities between Mary and Sherlock, as odd a comparison as it would first seem. They were both incredibly intelligent, and aware of it, they both were ambitious and never afraid to speak their minds. The only difference then perhaps was that when it came to his relationship with Mary, the two just stopped making time for each other. Mary spent most nights working, she worked for a high-tech security firm and did not usually make it home till the early hours of the morning. However, as John spent most of his days studying to get his teaching degree, the pair would be lucky if they shared more than just a few hours together – and even luckier if this time was something other than just sleeping next to each other. It didn’t take a genius to know that John and Mary’s relationship was bond to fizzle out. Still, that’s not to say that it John was not still a little hurt when he came home one day to find all of Mary’s belonging packed up in boxes, it had not been an easy decision to just let her walk out the door that day.
“I am thinking about what I am doing. Finally, I am. I will let you up as soon as you prove to me that I am your first lover.”
“No.”
He stood and walked down the hall to his father’s book room.  The door was closed, so he knocked and waited for a reply.  Even if he was meeting with the village council, John would ask for a few minutes to speak with him.  Greg had come to him for advice because he respected his experience. He needed to speak with his father for the same reason. He was not sure how he would tell his father of his problem without divulging the truth about Sherlock’s duplicity, but he needed his calm assurance that he was not alone.
“We should be.” He reached for John again.
“Take care, John,”  Sherlock said as he set the basket beside John.  “Sympathy for Sebastian nearly betrayed your cousin into persuading your father to arrange for you to marry him. Do not let it betray you now.”
“If you are right, John,” Greg said, “nothing will happen, and we will return to Watson Hall on the morrow.”
With a sigh, John knew he would not have done that, even if he were not obligated to Sherlock. Father insisted on treating everyone under the roof of Watson Hall with respect.
Sherlock stood and took John's hand. "I'll help!"  He grinned as John turned his back and dragged him toward the bath. He could only hope John would be relaxed enough after that he wouldn't notice or care about any lingering color.
“Stay where you are, Mr. Holmes.”
Before Sherlock could answer, Reverend Hooper called, “Shall we begin?”
Harry’s smile vanished. She glanced from John to Sherlock and then back to her aunt. “You need not constantly repeat that, Auntie. The mistakes that Uncle made I know well.  What you should recognize is that I know that.”
“Greg seems to be in favor of it, and Father often heeds his counsel.”
Thanks again to
“Father,” John began. He tried to silence John with a fierce glare, but John could not let Sherlock be punished for a crime he hadn’t committed. “Father, you do not understand.”
“But – “
John glanced back at him, then turned to his left. If he recalled correctly, this wall did not run far in this direction. Some said it had been raised to keep ancient raiders out of a castle that had otherwise disappeared from the downs. Others whispered that the ancients had built it to hold in the dark gods who lived in the forest. He did not believe either. He suspected it was the forgotten curtain wall that had once been part of the larger defenses of Watson Hall.
“Cook prepared –“
However, neither Mr. Watson nor the baron must guess the truth of why Sherlock had been reluctant to sell him the pistol. It was not only selling the pistol that concerned him. He would have been equally stubborn, no matter what Mr. Watson chose. It was his good fortune that he'd chosen something that gave him an easy excuse to resist making a bargain with him, although he certainly should have been more cautious and made sure the pistol box was well out of sight before he called to him. Idiot! Of all the items in his cart, why did Mr. Watson have to select the pistol? However, he should consider its loss as a small price for what he might receive in return.
“Believe that I did not want him until he convinced himself that I had been seduced by Sherlock.” He raised his chin. “Greg, you are the one deluded. He would have forced himself on me.”
“She said you understood her.”
“Sir Albert is determined not to let your wedding vows halt him from his plans to seduce you, is he?” He laughed without humor. “And why should he be bothered by your wedding vows with me when he would not have been bothered by the vows you would have spoken with his son?”
“Thank you,” Sherlock answered as he sat beside John and across from his father. John did not doubt that he meant far more than the two simple words usually conveyed.
He made his excuses to his friend to take his leave, remembered to compliment Molly on her roses, and quickly went back to the cart. Even though he set the horse to its best speed up the hill, he could not escape his thoughts.
“Sergeant, cease your threats,” the captain said, his accent even more free of an accent than John’s. “He is frightened almost to death.”
“Would you do me the honor, my lady?” he asked, resisting his inclination to look over at John to discover if
“You made it clear there was no point in asking.”
“Travelling merchant?” Sebastian laughed without humor. “That is a fancy name for a peddler.”
John drew his hand out of Sebastian’s and went to the door. “Father is grateful that Mr. Holmes saved my life last night.”
William frowned at him, but said, “Because one of the soldiers was captured. Now, at long last, we shall learn of everything they have planned.”
“You have always been a silly omega, John Watson.”
“John, you must think upon what you are saying. If – “
John nodded as she fluffed the square again and straightened his cravat. Greg might have chided him for being unthinking, but he could never say Father was.
Sebastian put an arm out to block John’s way. “Who in perdition is Sherlock Holmes?”
“What is it?”
Clinging to the deepest shadows where they could move without being seen, John glanced up at Sherlock. His smile was gone, and even in the dim light, John could see what was in his eyes.  He needed no more lure than the promise of ecstasy to follow as Sherlock led him toward where the carriage was waiting.
“I return your whore to you.” He shoved John so hard that he dropped to his knees in front of his father. Moran’s caustic smile was turned on Father. “Did you tell him that he should be proud to have taken a lover? You must have thought me a sap-skull to have his bastard foisted off on me.”
His father’s relieved smile told John what he should have known. Father had been as uneasy as John about this breakfast. Although he guessed neither Father or Auntie believed any longer that he and Sherlock had been lovers before the wedding, he knew they would find it unimaginable that John had slept by himself last night.
He slowly closed his book and stared down at the gold leaf on its red leather spine. As his knees folded beneath him, he sat again on the chair. From the beginning, he had known that Sherlock’s sojourn at Watson Hall would only be temporary, but that did not ease the grief tightening around his heart.
“I do not want to repeat them.”
I'll be adding tags with the next chapter as things start to ramp up. Keep an eye out for things that might trigger.
“Sebastian, yes, and I had hoped I had been mistaken about Sir Albert’s ways. It seems I was not.” He sighed. “His darker side bursts out of control too often. It is too bad too, because he is not an evil man."
“And to let the prisoner escape?”
The hoot of an owl sounded near him. Had it been confused by the dark clouds into thinking night was coming? He’d never heard of such a thing. A burst of fear threatened to smother him. Could it be a signal? From whom? To whom?
“Yes,” he said reluctantly. “But you would have agreed with Uncle’s decision each time.”
Nodding, John stood. What had he thought his aunt would say? That he should not waste a second of the few hours he had left with Sherlock?
“I know.”
“Then you must have been spying on us,” he announced as if he were judge and jury and executioner.
“To own the truth,” John said, although he was not doing so, “Sherlock and I quarreled before he left to make these deliveries. I will be glad when we can resolve it.” Maybe it wasn’t a lie because he truly wished it could be so.
“Then I would gladly negotiate with her.”
“You are leaving?”
"Breathing isn't so boring now is it?" A smug grin lifted the corners of John's mouth.
Sherlock looked up as John walked across the surprisingly empty stable yard. “John, didn’t I hear you say that you were going to finish your book this afternoon?”
. Any remaining mistakes are thoroughly my own. If you catch any, please feel free to let me know.
“You are insane!” John murmured.
John edged back, then faltered when rain struck him. He was not at the door so it must be coming through the roof. “Please do not say such things.”
“I don’t know what sort of man you are, Sherlock.” John came to his feet slowly.
“John, I can take care of myself.”
Mr. Holmes smile was strained through the pain etching his face. “I’m sure you always do what you must, no matter what you face.”
“She knows?”
“No, it is not treason, for no one wishes to gainsay the government, only to safeguard those who are important to them. When a father looks at his children and realizes they could die in a French invasion, he may change his mind about victory at any cost.” John drew his hand from beneath Sherlock’s. “I bid you good afternoon, Sherlock.”
Dust danced in the sunlight that found its way through the narrow windows. John wondered how anyone could work in such a dim place as he closed the door behind him.
“Sebastian Moran, I have warned you once not to speak of my son so,” Father said in a rigid voice. Harry was getting to her feet. Only Greg remained sitting. “Get out!”
He released John and walked out the door. He did not look back as he closed it. If he did, he might never leave.
John gasped and pulled away to leave him grasping nothing but air. His emotions mixed over being called a good Omega.
“Nothing makes sense any longer. Nothing has made any sense since you came into my life.” John’s voice softened to a husky whisper. “Nothing but being in love with you. Sherlock, I have tried to turn aside this longing in my heart, but it will not heed me. My heart is yours. Mayhap it is senseless, but I do love you.”
The hand pulled him back against a hard form. The odors of sweat and sea washed over him. Smugglers! Dear God, what were they doing at Watson Hall?
“You startled me,” John said.
“By letting you place in so close to your face, for its beauty dims.”
Sebastian ignored him, instead turning to John. “I have been speaking with your father, and I do not have time to linger here listening to a
He would be back.
“You have chosen a rainy day for a ride,” he said when he noticed that Greg wore buckskin pantaloons beneath his dark coat.
“Leaving?” John whispered. Beneath his fingers, he was certain his heart had ceased to beat.
“This.”
“And not yours?”
“What?” he asked without turning.
Sir Albert had not yet fully vented his ire. “Your son is a trading Omega, Watson, who deserves no better than a man who has taken airs to call himself a travelling merchant. Who knows how many Alpha’s he has pleasured? Or do you know and hope to get him a name to save your own. Holmes! Who the hell is he? He is so pitiful a man that you could foist your whorish Omega off on him!”
“The pair of us in Town for the Season?” John laughed. “I daresay one of us would make a
“You cannot bargain with her.” He argued. “If we were to buy this for her, it would be as a present for her birthday.”
“No damage, Harriet.” When Harry grimaced, Aunt Hudson patted her on the buttocks as she had when Harry was a toddler. “Go and sit with your brother. Greg, will you join us, or are you going to continue to brood and be utterly tiresome?”
Sherlock focuses on John's face. Those corn blue eyes he couldn't believe held so much love for him.
In disbelief, he stared at Mr. Cole.  He knew all of the dozen or so men standing on the road.  They were all from the village. More than half of them were men his father had identified as possible smugglers.
“Good. We are all in agreement.”
“Yes.” John’s hand covered Sherlock’s on his knee.  “Sherlock, it is more important than ever to keep Harry from entering the military.”  Putting his head down against his hand, I cannot bear the thought of you and my sister on opposite sides of the same battlefield.”
“Are you mad?” John gasped, staring at Sebastian as if he had never seen him. Why had he let Greg persuade Father to consider Sebastian’s suit? He should have listened to his own heart which had warned him that Sebastian was a beast. “Stop!”
“Yes, we both shall.”
“Just prepare yourself. She speaks her mind. She’s not cruel, but she is honest.”
“Easy,” Mr. Holmes ordered, then cursed again.
“It’s not quite that simple.”
“As stupid as your telling Sebastian Moran that we were lovers?”
John stood, reluctant to obey even a single one of the orders Sebastian fired at him as if he were the lowest servant in his house. “Harry, tea should be here posthaste. If there is anything Mr. Holmes -”
“Which I will not sell to you.”
Grasping his arm, the sergeant whirled him against a stall. He held his pistol up against John’s chin. “Be silent, Englishman.”
“Someone is warning them.”
John tried to twist away, his small Omega stature giving him no help. When Sebastian’s fingers tightened, John gasped,
“Handling a pistol?” John laughed, irritated at the condescending tone. “Mr. Holmes, I’ll have you know that I’ve been riding to the hunt with my family since I was first able to keep my seat.”
“For heaven’s sake,” John moaned, grasping Sherlock’s arms. He released one when Sherlock winced again. John did not want to cloud his mind with pain. Sherlock had to think clearly.
He hoped Sherlock would, too.
Both of them? Oh, dear, he had not guessed, in the midst of his fear and anger and need to escape, how his unthinking words could damage Sherlock, too. If rumors spread that he had seduced the Omega son of his host, few doors would open to him and fewer would be interested in purchasing what they would now deem as his tainted wares. He gasped, “Sherlock, don’t lie! Tell them…”
“Come in,” Sherlock called out.
By the time Sherlock arrived at the Biology lab there was only a handful of seats left, despite the smaller class sizes in sixth form, biology was a popular subject. Sherlock believed that this was down to the teachers of the class, Mr. Dior and Mr. Johnson, who both took a very laid-back approach to teaching – an attractive aspect to the more care free students at BSC.  Sherlock decided to take a seat next to one of the only friendly faces in the class, belonging to a small, sweet girl by the name of Molly Hooper.
In any other context, waking up alone in a city you had only been to twice (this time included) would have been daunting, even for a Holmes. But tomorrow Sherlock would turn 18–  by all accounts that made him a mere 24 hours off of being an adult. And whilst Sherlock viewed age as just a human construct, he was determined to show maturity. Besides, Sherlock wasn’t alone, not really, John was only the other side of the bed and breakfast. Perhaps this was why he wanted to appear grown-up. Despite his dismissal of age as a simple human construct, Sherlock couldn’t ignore the seven-year age gap between himself and John. This in itself didn’t bother Sherlock, he had never really felt like a normal teenage and regarded himself as an ‘old soul’. He felt as if he had more in common with John than with any one else his own age. However, Sherlock was aware of the social implications of age-gap relationships – the insinuation of one party taking advantage of the other. Truth be told, Sherlock couldn’t give a damn about what other people thought, but as he had come to learn, John did. Moreover, it had only taken one nosey colleague for doubts to appear in John’s head. The memory of the time he had felt shunned by John entered into his thoughts. Although, Sherlock was quick to rationalise that of course John would be the warier of the two – he had more to lose as the older one. Not to mention he was Sherlock’s teacher. It almost made Sherlock sad to think that people could view his relationship with John as anything sordid. The more time Sherlock spent with John, the more he found himself genuinely falling for him. He thought back to the kiss they had shared outside the pub and then again just before they said goodnight. A wide smile broke out across Sherlock’s face, he was determined to steal a few more kissed off John before they returned home. Speaking of which, Sherlock didn’t want to waste any more time in bed, he still had a lot of London left to explore. A quick glance at the clock told him he had an hour to get ready till he had to be downstairs for the breakfast John had booked for them.
If it wasn't the way that she kept twirling her hair and looking at John, what annoyed Sherlock the most was the way that she put on a false and frankly patronizing tone to talk to him.
“Hmm, same old, same old. Yourself?”
Sherlock rolled his eyes and snatched the signed paper. "It's a science trip. To London. What part of doesn't sound like something I'd want to do?"
“I bet you will.” The waitress cocked an eyebrow. “And is that with tea or coffee?”
“Is that with a tea or coffee hun?” The attentive waitress replied in a distinct London accent.
“In case of emergencies? Is that the best line you could think of?” Sherlock teased, copying into his phone the number John has given him.
Much to Sherlock's relief, Mr. Watson raised his hands to silence the class. "Enough. Sally, comments like that aren't needed. But Sherlock, maybe in the future, it might be best to not make personal 'observations' about members of staff."
“Oh Sherlock,” she started, passing him an envelope she had neatly tucked away in her cardigan pocket, “this came through the post for you today. Does someone have an admirer?”.
"Oh guys, your enthusiasm is sooo encouraging" he added as he loaded the power point for the following lesson.
"Just a friend." Sherlock answered, ending the conversation by getting out his iPod and popping in the ear buds. He missed the look of confusion, followed by concern that crossed his brother's face.
For the first time in a long while Sherlock woke early and packed himself a lunch. It wasn't anything fancy, just a piece of fruit and a sandwich, but it was enough to put a smile on his mother's face and that was all he cared about. Well, that was all he thought he cared about, until he saw John beam at him as he pulled out the brown paper bag and he decided that if he could get John to smile at him like that every day then he would certainly be making more of an effort to eat lunch.
"I look forward to it. Okay, well bye John."
John noticed Sherlock’s reaction, forced a smile and clapped a hand on Sherlock's knee.
“John. Not that I am not thoroughly enjoying holding hands, but you’ve been staring at me for the last two minutes in silence. Oh, and I do believe we have a train to catch.” Sherlock smirked as he watched John snap out of his thoughts.
John studied the younger boy; it took a lot for John not to spill every detail of his life to Sherlock, there was something about him that made John feel interesting – like he was a mystery that Sherlock was dying to solve, and that scared the hell out of him. John didn't need to be told twice about the dangers of getting too close to a pupil. He wasn't stupid; he knew he was walking a fine line with Sherlock but he maintained the idea that as long as he held himself back a little, he wasn't doing anything wrong. With that in mind, he decided that it was okay for him to tell Sherlock about his fight with Mary; they were friends after all.
For the entirety of the class the pair failed to make eye contact, admitted both were not going out of their way to avoid looking at the other. It just happened to be that there was an atmosphere in the room; a culmination of Sherlock’s anxiety and John’s guilt. The lesson proceeded normally, the tension in the room apparent only to the two friends. Sherlock distracted himself by absorbing the flight pattern of a lone sparrow, whilst John tried to focus solely on introducing his class to the wonders of DNA.
Sherlock took his chance to pull out the postcard and pen his thank you letter to John. He was fortunate that he made sure to always have a pen on his person.
John smiled as he watched Sherlock take in his surrounding, he had never seen anyone look so taken with busy streets and a few old buildings, it was quite frankly cute as hell, and these days nothing rarely struck him as ‘cute’. “Yep. This is where I trained, I was practically your age when I first started.”
“-I mean the students that show a clear interest in you” Helen cut John off in an effort to keep their conversation necessarily vague.
Dear John,
“Well, I mean, she’s left now, was offered a job at a private school in the next village”. John admitted. “I know that’s not the point-” he began before being cut off by Sherlock.
Sherlock gave his mother a quick ring on the way to a reasonably priced bed and breakfast they had found online. He told her about his day, how much he had enjoyed it and how much he wanted to stay an extra day. Violet wasn’t sure how she felt about Sherlock staying away for the night. He may have been turning eighteen but he was still her baby boy. It was Sherlock’s father who set her mind at ease. He reminded her that they had let Mycroft attend overseas conferences at the same age, so it was only fair.
“John, come on. You have really done too much.” Sherlock argued.
Unfortunately, Helen did not seem to notice John's discomfort and turned her focus on Sherlock. "Sherlock isn't it? Don't you think you'd like to sit over with your friends than all the way back here?"
"Tardiness is not a quality you want to keep Sherlock." Mycroft replied, pulling out of the car park. "What where you doing anyway?"
Sherlock stood up; he was rather reluctant to leave.
In the time since John had visited London with a group of his students he had had a lot of time to reflect on how that day had affected him. It wasn’t necessarily that anything out of the ordinary had happened, other than himself and Sherlock ditching the rest of the class to go exploring London on their own, but rather John had experience quiet a personal revelation. Okay, so he had always known that his feelings towards Sherlock’s were a little more than platonic, but it had taken the time they had spent together in London for John to realise that he was such a strong attraction to his younger friend. John didn’t know if it was because Sherlock reminded him of his better days as a soldier, or if it was that his intelligence was beyond that of anyone else John had met before. Either way, his attraction to Sherlock was completely different to what he had felt to for Mary, with Mary everything had been so safe and predictable, not automatically a bad thing, but overtime the spark they first shared had fizzled out. So when John realised his feelings for Sherlock and experienced that spark all over again, he knew that he had to be extremely careful as not to compromise his position at the school. It wouldn’t be right of him to let his emotions show whilst he was still acting as Sherlock’s teacher and what was even to say that Sherlock would reciprocate his feelings. Regardless, John knew that he would have to tone down his behaviour when around his student, or at the very least stop gushing when he made impressive deductions.
Sherlock was met with a blank look on his tormenter’s face.
"Are you okay?" The mysterious teacher placed a hand on Sherlock's shoulder.
“Come on you. Let’s take you to Bart’s before it gets dark.” John said.
Harry cocked an eyebrow, “Not really as in you’re seeing quite a few ‘new’ people or not really as in you’re seeing one new person but you’re too secretive to tell your big sister?”
He had been feeling like a complete arse ever since he dismissed Sherlock’s suggestion of meeting over the holidays and was worried that he might have pushed him too far away. John realised he couldn’t even confide in his sister; she may have her own vices but she would still disapprove highly if she found out her brother was falling for a pupil. Fortunately, Harry sensed her brother’s discomfort and quickly changed the subject, reminding John that if they wanted to eat before dark then he should really get on with cooking. Grateful for the distraction, John followed his sister’s orders and made a start on the dinner. Whilst cooking John thought of a way he could make a small gesture of apology to Sherlock, hopefully it would be enough to get him talking to John again, he would just have to pop out after dinner…
“I bet it’s just a Christmas card,” Sherlock replied, ignoring his mother’s gleeful look.
John stood a little bewildered, not entirely convinced that Sherlock wasn’t about to ambush that poor defence lawyer. Although it was only a minute or two before his companion returned, followed out by said defence lawyer who had an oddly determined look on his face.
“Honestly mother you worry too much,” he chided, before adding, “but thank you for today, I know how much time and energy you put into making today happen. Dinner was lovely”.
“And anyway.” He continued teasingly. “It is not my fault the train was delayed, someone in the British government really out to do something about it.”
“Does that mean you are turning down my offer of accompanying me?” Sherlock teased, as he feigned offence and pouted at John.
John let Sherlock pick the Tower of London as their last destination and was almost proud to realise he could remember the way. It was roughly a half-hour walk from the courtroom, but neither of them minded. In fact, they were happy just walking side-by side, taking in all of London. Even John, who had lived here whilst training, found that he was enthralled by the city sights. Sherlock didn’t think it was possible for a human being to feel such levels of happiness. That was until a group of kids jostled passed them and caused John to grab hold of Sherlock’s hand to avoid being separated. The kids quickly moved past them, but John and Sherlock’s hands stayed intertwined. Despite an initial rush of adrenaline, it felt natural for the pair to connect together.
Sherlock grinned at John. "Are you serious? I would love to. But can we? I mean are we actually allowed to leave?"
Sherlock had never warmed to his mother’s nickname for him, which she had used since his birth, and would normally berate her for it. However, he had vowed to make an effort to be nice today and so chose to let it slide.
"It's becoming a theme, isn't it?" Sherlock deadpanned.
"Huh, I guess sometimes, even twenty-five-year-old guys need help to get dressed properly." Sherlock joked as he sat down.
John sighed, he did not want to be feeling sorry for himself anymore, he’d spent too long regretting past choices. However, today was a good day, not only was he about to announce an exciting trip for his year thirteen class, but that class had Sherlock in it and the younger male never failed to put a smile on John’s face. John watched as thirty-something students filed into the biology lab. He had been looking forward to his last lesson all day; the school board had finally approved his plans to take his sixth form class to the Natural Science Museum in London. John's granddad, an army doctor himself and John's childhood hero had taken him to the Museum for his sixth birthday and proceeded to do so for every birthday until John turned twelve. Grandpa Watson had died a mere month before John's twelfth birthday, this trip would be the first time John had been to the Museum without his granddad.
"Sorry. Bye Mr. Watson." He corrected, picking up his messenger bag.
Room 135, The Moon and Stars B&B
The following day Sherlock was even more distant in class than he usually was as he was sat anticipating his lunch with Mr. Watson. He'd been kept awake all night by thoughts of his Biology teacher, Sherlock knew nothing could become of it but he chalked it up to his first teenage crush. Mycroft would be appalled. And, it seemed, he wasn't the only one to be taken by John Watson, practically every female student appeared to share Sherlock's crush for the teacher, despite him only being there for two days now. Increasingly, Mr. Watson's offer of lunch made Sherlock feel all the more special. As far as he knew, and Sherlock prided himself on being 'plugged in' to all the school gossip, he was the only student to be ask by Mr. Watson to join him out of class.
Mycroft really would be appalled.
Their journey into London went smoothly and the arrived into the city not long after midday. John coaxed Sherlock into having some lunch in a quaint pub close to Bart’s hospital. At the end of the meal John payed for both of them, but not before they argued over the bill.
“If my memory suffices, Bart’s should be right around the corner” John called out to Sherlock, who had been a few steps behind John, taking in the sights of London, since they stepped out of the tube station that had brought them near the medical hospital.
Dear Sherlock,
“You’re late.” The older Holmes chided.
"You do realize that it's just a sandwich right? I'm not eating a three-course meal here" Sherlock teased John.
“I know it’s not much.” Sherlock said somewhat shyly as he presented John the gifts.
Sherlock snorted, "You could say that, yeah." He paused, slotting the test-tube into the rack and turned back to face John. "I'd go to the music room; they let me practice in there."
"So, all excitement out of the way, time to learn about the nervous system." John said as he gave out the last slip, chuckling as a unanimous groan sounded through the class.
As the pair left the café, Sherlock couldn't decide what he was more excited for, actually getting to explore a part of London or spending some time alone with John out of their usual school environment. Oh who was he kidding; of course it was the latter.
“Ohmygod… He didn’t do it.” Sherlock muttered.
Sherlock waited three days before carefully bringing up the subject of John’s proposed trip to London to his parents. Of course, he chose to omit that it was his teacher’s suggestion and instead told his parents that he was going with his science laboratory partner. He felt bad for lying, especially to his mother, but after his last conversation with John he understood how their friendship could be misconstrued. Sherlock had been so preoccupied with the notion of having a genuine friend that it hadn’t occurred to him that outsiders could view their relationship as improper, or wrong. His mother gave her permission at once, not that a 17-year-old boy really needed to ask for his mum’s approval to go away for the day. But Sherlock was not your typical 17-year-old, and Violet Holmes had spent the rest of the day trying to hide her excitement. Violet had wanted to ask Sherlock a thousand and one questions about who this science partner was, what he was planning to do in London, would he be staying the night? She had kept it all to herself however, deciding that she did not want overwhelm him given that he probably felt quite nervous.
“I’m fine, honestly Mycroft. I guess I’m just overtired with all the stress of exams” Sherlock lied. Normally Sherlock would make some remark about Mycroft being too nosy for his own good, but he realised that his brother was being genuinely empathetic for once. Still, it would do no good to confess to Mycroft that he was actually just pining for his biology teacher.
“No.” John insisted. “That’s not what I want at all. I’m not going to let silly insinuations dictate who I am or am not friends with. I mean we’re just friends right?”
“So how are you finding London?” John enquired through a mouthful of his sandwich.
"Okay, let's try again. Who wants to ditch school in three weeks’ time and come with me to London to go to the Natural Science Museum?" Twenty-eight hands rose in the air.
This was easier said than done however, as Sherlock’s mother had what could only be described as a profound passion for Christmas festivities. To both Sherlock and Mycroft’s misfortune this meant that over the holidays, the pair were asked, or rather politely forced, to join their mother in an array of Christmas activities. But that day had run a little differently, as with only a two days left till Christmas day, Violet Holmes thought it a good idea to give her sons the morning off to head into town to do their own Christmas shopping. Although not overjoyed by the idea of going shopping, Sherlock usually left it up to Mycroft to purchase their parents gifts, it did feel good to get some air and clear his head a little. Never one to drag out a task, Mycroft had efficiently managed to complete both Holmes brothers’ shopping in under an hour, leaving them an hour or so to spare before their mother wanted them home. Sherlock and Mycroft’s aunt and uncle were coming over for dinner on Christmas day and so they were expected to help prepare the house. The brothers decided to just go somewhere they could grab a coffee and sit down for a while before they were required to socialise. In a rather rare moment of brotherly affection Mycroft questioned Sherlock on his recent unhappy behaviour.
"Thank you John, but I can move if you'd rather sit next to Miss Jones?" Sherlock moved to grab his bag but John pulled him back down.
"Sherlock Holmes?" The sound of Mr. Watson's voice drifted back into the front of Sherlock's mind. "Yes, Sir."
Sherlock nibbled a chip, “Honestly John, it’s beautiful. I was always attracted to the prospect of moving to a big city but I didn’t think I would be this taken in. I can see why you liked it so much.”
“Ah, nature calls, won’t be long.” John said as he exited his seat in the hope of finding a toilet.
John feigned shock. "Outrageous. I'll have to make sure I give you the sought after John Watson tour then shall I?"
John smiled up as he saw Sherlock return. “Nothing to worry about. Although, as much as I hate to say it, I think it’s time I got you home.”
Sherlock grabbed his bag and started to leave, but decided to give John a quick hug before he did.
"No, any idiot could tell Mr. Dior was on something. What Sally was referring to was the way I can deduce things about people that others don't see."
“We could always go back to Bart’s. I know you’ve already been but they have a museum inside that we didn’t get to see last time. If you fancy, it?”
“Nothing too interesting, just a politician entering a room with two women…but neither of whom are his wife.” Sherlock glanced at the menu. He was determined to eat a proper meal for John’s sake, despite not being hungry in the slightest. A young-ish waitress quickly appeared by their table. Sherlock deduced she was a university student. His best guess was that she was majoring in art, given the flecks of oil paint in her pulled back hair.
John force a smile, “Sadly not no. We split about, oh err, four months ago now”.
That was an easy one. "I’m going to go stay with Mycroft, he starts his internship in Downing Street in March and he said I can stay with him whilst I set up my business. I'm going to be the world's first Consulting Detective."
“Something wrong John?” Sherlock teased, taking a small delight in John’s blushing.
Neither of them wanted to break contact, but it became almost impossible to maintain when the time came to pay entry to the Tower of London. Sherlock bit his lip as John paid for them both. He couldn’t help but feel a bit guilty, this trip must have cost John a fortune. Sherlock vowed to find a way to repay him. They had decided to get the 4:00pm train home, so that Sherlock could catch a lift of Mycroft on his way home from work. This gave them around an hour before they had to set off for the train station. John suggested that they go and view the Crown Jewels and Sherlock was more than happy to agree. Sherlock wasn’t particularly interested in the royal family, but he loved the history the surrounded the jewels. After walking around the exhibit they decided to go and find the Tower’s café, so that they could grab a quick lunch before the journey home. Sherlock tried to protest as John bought them drinks and sandwiches, but John ignored him.
It wasn't long before the bell rang out, signaling the end of the day. Sherlock waited for the majority of chairs to scrape across floors, for the gathering of pencils and pens to be done, before he, himself, packed up. He wanted to make Mycroft wait, a small revenge for being made late that morning.
Sherlock rolled his eyes. “Hardly. No, I was just, erm, investigating one of the guests.”
It was Sherlock's turn to shove John. He stuck his tongue out and took another bite of his sandwich.
"Not quite" John started, "My ex-girlfriend Mary, the one you deducted, showed up at my apartment last night and we ended up arguing quite a bit. Well, arguing is a bit of an understatement, we ended up smashing up my apartment and then I threw her out."
They spent the rest of the day walking around the museum and archives at St Bart’s Hospital. Sherlock didn’t have a lot of time to process the kiss as he was so enthralled by the exhibitions. He was grateful that John allowed him to walk round silently, knowing that he wanted to take in as much information as he could. John was sure that if he had been with anyone else he would be convinced that they weren’t enjoying themselves. But he knew that the solemn look on Sherlock’s face was just one of concentration. As they entered the final exhibition room the custodian announced that there was fifteen minutes left until closing time. Sherlock hadn’t realised how much time had passed as they had walked around the museum. He suddenly remembered all of the other places he had wanted to visit. John sensed his change in mood but encouraged Sherlock to finish viewing the exhibition before worrying about the rest of the day. When they finally came out of St Bart’s Sherlock was fighting the urge to get upset. John picked up on this and asked him what he would most like to do before they went home.
Mr. Watson all but beamed. "Great. I don't think you have Biology tomorrow, so I'll see you lunchtime. Bye Sherlock."
"Good." John said, moving his hand to pat Sherlock on the back. "Now, I'll let you get off and have the last few minutes of lunch to yourself, and I will see you tomorrow, last period."
“Ah sorry John, big queue.” Sherlock called out as he slid into the chair opposite John.
John cursed internally, those goddamn butterflies again. “Sherlock Holmes are you flirting with me?”
Sherlock say yes immediately. He appreciated John’s concern, but felt it wasn’t needed as nothing had happened that he didn’t want to. Sherlock’s only issue was that had was that he only had £20 in his pocket. He voiced this to John, who brushed it off saying that he would cover it.
“I know we normally say no gifts but you just seemed so down over the last few days that I-” Mycroft began.
Sherlock thanked John once again as they walked to find a table. John was grateful that Sherlock had been making more of an effort to eat, even if it was only for John’s benefit.
Two minutes to go. He decided to pack up prematurely, not wanting to waste a second of his time with John.
The guy was in his late twenties, Sherlock deduced, brand new to teaching, but definitely not going to be a pushover, and he was quite good looking too…
John Watson.
“Nonsense.” John waved off. “We’re here for your birthday and really Sherlock, I have an army pension. I can afford to buy us snacks.”
“Go on love, I think he wants to treat you. I wish I had a handsome man taking me out on a date.” She winked as she took John’s card, not noticing the blush on both of their faces.
John actually let out a chuckle. "So what Sally meant about you knowing people's secrets?"
"Deal." Sherlock's replied, a bit too sudden than he would've liked.
“Time to face the family dinner” Sherlock replied.
Sherlock bit his lip, feeling a little foolish for being so mad at John. Of course their relationship must look odd to the outsider and the risk of such implications would be worse for his teacher. As smart as he believed himself to be, he had a habit of missing the obvious.
"Well don't you think-" Sherlock was about to make some rather nasty, but nonetheless accurate, deductions about Miss Jones until he was cut off by John's hand on his shoulder.
A rare smile crossed Mycroft’s face and he thanked Sherlock for the present.
They were able to get two rooms at a good price as the bed and breakfast had received last minute cancellations. John hoped that Sherlock felt a little less guilty for letting John pay, not that he minded of course. They decided to get an early night, knowing that they now had the rest of the day to explore London. The receptionist handed them their keys and explained that the two rooms available were on opposite ends of the building. John walked Sherlock to his room, wanting to make sure he got in okay. They were pleased to find that the rooms were stocked with toiletries as neither had packed thinking they would stay overnight. John stayed briefly to have a cup of tea with Sherlock before leaving to go to his own room. As he reached the door Sherlock called out to him, making a quip about not getting a goodnight kiss. John rolled his eyes and planted the sweetest, light kiss on Sherlock’s lips.
“Sorry about that. I just needed to explain that it couldn’t have possibly been the defendant. I mean did you see his fingernails?” Sherlock said, as if John ought to know why that proved the defendant’s innocent.
“Hello to you too Mycroft, how are you? Lovely day.” Sherlock retorted sarcastically as he climbed to the passage side of Mycroft’s Mercedes.
Mr. Watson exhaled deeply, "Sorry for the overshare, ignore me." He forced a smile and started again, "It's getting late, and you really should be heading home soon. Before you do though, how about if you teach me a bit of how you do that deduction trick, say lunchtime tomorrow, then maybe I won't report what you said about your previous teacher. Deal?"
“Just clever aren’t I” John replied. “Well that and it’s on the registration system.”
After giving a small tip to the café owner, the pair set off in the direction of the Mansion House Station, which would take them back to the science museum. They had a little time to spare when they stepped off at the South Kensington Station and, in taking the scenic route back, John decided he would use this time to ask Sherlock a little more about himself.
Violet sighed and leaned over to straighten Sherlock's tie, "Okay Sherlock, I'll let you run off to your room, I know you're dying to get away. But Sherlock, maybe you could actually show up for dinner tonight? For me?"
Once on the train they settled into a quiet carriage and were thankful to be the only occupants. Sherlock sent off a quick text to Mycroft to ask for a lift home from the train station.
"I think Sherlock is alright here Helen, if he wants to sit here I have no problem with it." John gave Sherlock a reassuring smile and turned back to his colleague, who finally got the hint and left the pair alone, somewhat annoyed.
“But John, you’ve already done enough as it is.” Sherlock protested.
“Sherlock we’re here for your birthday, let me pay.” John argued as the waitress went to get the card machine.
John choked on the complementary water he had just helped himself to. “Erm no. I’ll have the big one please.”
"Sorry, I didn't mean it in a weird way, I only meant-" John went on.
Sherlock eyed the envelope apprehensively, but thanked his mother nonetheless. He wondered who might have gone to the trouble of writing him a Christmas card. Perhaps it was Molly? It was most likely Molly. Not one for surprises, Sherlock tore the envelope with haste. It read:
Sherlock chuckled, “Ah I see, well anyway thank you John, it was a good deduction – sort of”.
“But you have my number, you can call me anytime.” John continued, giving Sherlock a reassuring look.
“Goodnight John.”
“She called me handsome.” John chuckled, sounding mildly surprised.
Sherlock studied the clock, only ten minutes to go; he sighed and willed the lesson to be over. It was only Law; however, it was a topic that he had already studied at great length. Sherlock sat back as his fellow classmates were discussing the case of Roberts (1971) in relation to the contribution of a victim’s own acts in relation to their death. Boring. Yes, he wanted to make a career in catching criminals and solving crimes, but what happened to those criminal after he proved their guilt could not matter less to him. For him it was about the chase, the rush of deduction, the thrill of the game, the potential danger. It was all he could dream about, well until John Watson came into his life. But it was a dream he knew he’d have to pursue in London – nothing exciting ever happened in his little village.
Sherlock snapped back to attention, "Yes?" he did not want to give Mr. Dimmock a reason to hold him back after class but he was anxious to leave as soon as he could.
John hated seeing the boy in a state of such unease, his guilt ate away at him knowing it was a result of his own actions. “Sherlock, I won’t insult you by trying to excuse my behaviour, but maybe I could explain?”.
Sherlock’s mother was not the only one to be intrigued by his planned day trip to the capital. Ever since the start of his last term, Mycroft has noticed a change in his younger brother. At first it was the newfound eagerness for lessons – or rather he had stopped the constant complaining. Then, there was the increase in social activity, both with class trips and at the family dinner table. Mycroft couldn’t help but feel as if the shift in Sherlock was something more than teenage hormones. The older Holmes suspected although hesitated to deduce so prematurely, that his brother was experiencing his first crush. Mycroft was delighted, as at least once, one Holmes boy could exhibit traits of normal adolescence (not to mention the potential for teasing). That’s not to say that he himself had not experienced infatuations. On the contrary, Mycroft was used to such attractions, especially when both sexes took his fancy (it was displays of power that tempted Mycroft the most). However, from rather a young age, he had decided that he would stop at nothing in his own pursuit of power and so decided to focus solely on his work.  Mycroft made a mental note to observe Sherlock a little closer and see if his suspicions were correct.
"Violin." Sherlock answered, continuing on with his experiment.
“Better places to be?” John quipped cheekily.
“Well that was all really John, but if it does get... out of hand, shall we say, you know where to find me.” Helen gave John a forced smiled and exited the classroom.
The class gave a theatrical “Ooh”.
"Who?" inquired Mycroft, ever the nosy one.
"I'm sorry to hear that John, and for the record I think your face is just fine."
“Well is it open tomorrow?” John asked.
"Of course," John insisted. "Come by tomorrow if you like, and seeing as I've taken up your entire lunch, you're welcome to bring food."
Sherlock watched in bemusement as John blagged his way passed the front desk, telling the receptionist that he was here to give a seminar on ‘the future of medical sutures’ and that Sherlock was his teaching assistant. Somehow John’s fabrication was convincing enough that the receptionist gave both John and Sherlock visitors passes.
“Oh he’s about to propose, going to do it on the London Eye.”
“Excellent deduction John, it might be your best one yet.” Sherlock teased.
John realised that taking Sherlock to his old medical school, St. Bartholomew’s Hospital, was not so much about fuelling Sherlock’s appetite for science, but more about impressing him. When he had suggested taking Sherlock around London for a quick whistle-stop tour, making the most of the last few hours they had in the city, St. Bart’s was the first place that crossed his mind. John wanted to show Sherlock the more interesting side of him, beyond being a biology teacher in a local town. John had been a doctor, an army doctor at that, he had seen more than his fair share of bloodshed and trouble and if he was honest with himself he bloody missed it. So why he felt the need to prove to Sherlock that he could be just as interesting and impressive as the latter could be was nearly beyond him. Nearly, but not quiet. As much as he would have protested if you asked him at this moment, John Watson was falling for Sherlock Holmes. He was brilliant and a genius and he reminded John of what it felt like to be alive, before he was shot and sent away from the front line. John knew that he was towing a thin line with his relationship with Sherlock and he knew he should feel guilty or wrong. But he didn’t. In two months’ time Sherlock would turn eighteen (John had shamelessly looked up the younger’s birthday on the registration system), that made him seven years younger than himself which should’ve turned John away, but Sherlock was like no other eighteen-year-old he had met before. Furthermore, in just around six months’ time, Sherlock would no longer be John’s pupil and their relationship would be free to blossom into whatever it may. John snapped himself out of his trail of thoughts, six months was a long time ago and better still, for the time being Sherlock was his pupil and John had promised himself that he would not take advantage of his friendship with Sherlock. How did he know that there was even a small possibility that Sherlock would ever reciprocate feelings for him? John really did need to get a grip, he reminded himself that he was the older one out of the two and pulled himself together, god forbid he get them lost in London and risk missing their train home.
Sherlock found the idea of John worrying cute, but could also tell it was a bit more serious for him. “Look, I understand that this… I don’t know what to call it... that us has greater implications for you if people found out. I respect whatever precautions you want to take. But please, John, stop feeling guilty as if I haven’t wanted to kiss you from the moment you pulled Magnussen off me.”
John paused. “You mean Sher-”
"It's wonderful, I just wish I could've seen a little more of London before we have to head back." As much as he was enjoying the Science Museum, Sherlock did really want to explore more of London.
John laughed in return, the crinkles around his eyes lighting up his face.
"Oh and Sherlock," John added as Sherlock gripped the handle of the door. "Feel free to come by any lunch time."
As the students filled out of the train carriage, led by John and the two other teachers, Sherlock decided to go find Molly – he didn't want to look like he was following John around like lost puppy. When he caught up with Molly she was more than happy to see him and welcomed him over to her small group. Out of the entire student body, Molly and her friendship group were the only pupils Sherlock could get on with, or even tolerate for that matter. After joining the small group Sherlock stuck with them as they got onto another tube and headed towards the nearest station to the museum, the South Kensington station. Much to his surprise, Sherlock found that he fitted in pretty well with Molly and her friends (Toby, Martha, Tom and Rebecca) and occasionally joined in with their conversations. Even so, when they reached the Science Museum, Sherlock slipped away from the group in favour of walking around the museum in solitude.
"Uh, uh" Violet teased lightly. "Firstly, Sherlock Holmes, you can tell me which brilliant soul has actually managed to get my elusive son to participate in a school run event."
Sherlock quickly changed the conversation onto how terribly they both thought the family Christmas dinner might go. It wasn’t a secret that Violet Holmes and her sister had more than a little sibling rivalry, it clearly ran in the family, and when together for longer than a few hours, the two sisters usually ended up bickering about something or other. Sherlock suggested that that they might last three hours before an argument broke out, Mycroft argued two and a half. As conversation eased away from the subject of Sherlock’s mopey attitude, he lightened up a little and even found himself enjoying his time with Mycroft. The brothers took their time finishing their coffees before heading back to Mycroft’s car, both because they actually were having fun and as a way of prolonging having to go home to a list of chores.
“Goodnight Sherlock.” John shouted out as he left.
After an hour or so of playing around with the equipment in the room, John decided that he’d take Sherlock for a quick bite to eat before they had to head back to the science museum to catch the train home. Luckily enough there was a small café right around the corner, just a short distance from the station they needed to head towards to catch the tube back to the museum. The pair chose a table by the window so that they could watch the passers-by. After a quick check of his watch John noted that he and Sherlock had just under an hour before they needed to set off, he concluded that this was just enough time to grab some food and quiz Sherlock a little. John ordered a bacon sandwich and a tea whilst Sherlock stuck to a black coffee, however at John’s instance added a small bowl of chips. Seeing as they were the only two in the café, not counting a little old lady tucked away in the back corner, their order came out quickly.
Their hands stained with blood.
Lovers never sat together through wedding receptions
A resourse
Claiming their rights on Sherlock, his, Sherlock.
They were affected by him, charmed.
In ways,only his fault
What remain is yours.
Dreams they shared
Hyanas
His arms and legs grew longer.
Naps in the shade
That deep, sharp blue
Sherlock yearning for a coffee; feeling like a naughty child.
He was there.
Mass well feed
John was a quite normal man, he believed himself.
Brothers sharing a loving smile.
His hands too cold, failing to dissect a standard single eye.
A Holmes to the core
A habit Mycroft hated in his brother.
Food.
Irene/Sherlock
fading away
Living with regrets is not.
Logic or habit, what would you choose?
Years it took him
He knew what drugs did and knew of results they would bring.
They however, did not expect John Watson in their lives.
Nothing changed in four years.
And great cook indeed
there
Sherlock never came, for a chat.
They met their father.
John was an intruder.
"We…I can't do this, Sherlock. I cannot let you do this to yourself"
Another big T.
Now Mycroft knew
His psychologist mistook the man's boredom for a depression.
Feeling as Sherlock turned over, wide awake as always.
all as well
Then, everything turned into a game.
Sherlock ignored this crisis.
until time is right
Rationality giving up
He never needed to walk far
The total expertis
The tall beast
her crush
Always.
Paranoid one
Moriarty/Sherlock`s brain;
So, he jumped.
Mycroft had a thing for clean bed wear with a slight sense of jasmine.
People constantly reminding them, about their "big tragedy", pitying them, the looks, the temper of their voice, blank uncaring expression, watery eyes.
It`s pride
They did.
Shared with Mycroft
The problem was "John".
Just like that,another game began.
Half a building books
Family resemblence clear
"You hate wine"
Molly wasn`t a friend, she was an asset.
Their relationship wasn`t perfect...
their theories false
"John" was the problem, a little perfect toy living inside sociopathic brain.
Sherlock knew.
Sherlock couldn`t handle some things well.
He wasn`t sure anymore.
Could John be trusted?
Overlooking blue skies
Pretty thing
Mycroft never asked about the journals.
Later Sherlock realized, her name was the problem.
under his brothers stare
Tired whisper of a lover
The young genius was oblivious to this fact.
Their dialogue frighteningly familiar
Sherlock knew he had cloths.
Reacting so strangely
Both disliked him, in return.
"You jumped me"
Flashy red ears changing colors
Now grown into industries
Did they ever?
Silence
Sleepless nights
wiggling
The world, finally, silent…
Food and cocaine, didn`t mix well, apparently...
Somehow the man always allowed Sherlock into his bed,right after.
She expected a slap
taking the buss.
Because Molly was found, safe, alive…
Mycroft felt as a snake, ready to creep out of his suit from jealousy, the feeling dripping off his essence.
And basically; the chances of their return were very slim.
Leaving her single kiss
He was married with it, after all. He truly loved the concept of a marriage, and a home, and honey pancakes in the morning.
Sherlock barely remembered that month.
Not just one genious,
Blue eyes growing grey and empty
Healthy leaver, size 4
Mythological goddess of life
He gave her books to read and papers to write.
By the morning, the shoulder long heap of hair was gone, Sherlock smiling, locks curling right behind his ears.
Acrobat absorbed
Did he really expect to be abandoned?
Anger and prosperity
Day 23.
brickwalls
truth never told
Mycroft really hated John Watson, from the second he heard about him.
Lovers were confident
How people dreaded facts
Gasping in exitment, pressing Sherlocks unintrested limb to ber bossom
She promised to watch John
Later that day Sherlock was surprised by the rage, his older brother radiated.
He had his lab, and the kitchen, not to forget the mess he made of their living room and terrace.
And a butt naked man
The funeral.
On a really bad day Mycroft missed his brother`s voice enough to bring him, his drugs by himself.
Twisted human "ball"; all legs and neck.
Sweet words.
The bright blue gaze; lucid through amounts of drugs enough to twist half the street in an orgy.
"Tea?"
And completely calm in the morning
Were they lovers?
Still.
Deceptions are easy.
his exitment raw
For Goddess` sake; Sherlock had cloths.
Parfumed with sunshine
Hating the thin worry lines, almost invisible under Sherlock`s thick eyelashes.
Man of legends already returned
apologiese
Mycroft was killing people.
Their passionate crave for his attention, his touch.
And Sherlock always took whatever he wanted.
then one
But artist, he was not
Tail of a dragon peaking out
Mycroft was a big, proud, sensitive paradox.
Truths in disguise
Ignored by too many
documents signed
Finally, Sherlock came down and ate.
Anywhere
Sherlock hated it, Mycroft grew angry.
The question was asked once
Alive
How he wished for a quiet life, how he begged for silence laying his face down in the sand, metallic taste on his skin from a young man, still a child that was blown up in sticky peaces right beside him.
Sherlock was not a child anymore.
John could feel the pressure building up, words burning him from inside.
Lost, little warrior.
"Minor position in government" wasn`t working
Sherlock knew of his liking's.
Was not on Sherlock's to do list
Chatting like a fool
right into
On Off
her information shared
plane landing smooth
"I love you, you know that, right?" Mycroft signed into the pale neck.
Everyone
With a leaver inside
Autistic child accepted at sight
Eliminate all factors
Hated him with such a rare passion.
Sherlock wrote in journals
His breathing hitched. Sherlock`s lips on his, locks slipping away from his gasp.
Sherlock himself, escaping.
Sherlock made the transmission easier, because everything was about Sherlock.
In a bear hug
by a loved one
That insight was hurtful.
One madman
Saved their child
"Not my fault" the crack was there, right there."All of you.";"No, don't touch me. Don't look at me."
She was the woman of their life, their princess and their queen.
Needs
a frame
He could feel them.
He knew everything, then
Talking of his mammas plum jam
when sentiment is crime
Sherlock belonged to him.
"No reason at all".
The man was adorable.
Theatrical importance.
There is a neverland of love.
The snap
Police were ignorant, ignoring him.
Sherlock was educating her, since birth
Neglectful
Mycroft chose to rule it.
Hurt tremendously.
Or knew half of it
Sherlock Holmes practicing chinese
pretending to be
where
Sherlock/John.
Sherlock and Mycroft walking through the office
and a headarch fit within
Helios born with a note of despair
Twice
Funerals
For the pair to have all at their hand
With too much coffein
the child would know nothing
The news of their mother`s death, came in a letter.
Loved by the grotesque
"What do we do now?"
And a three year old leaving with his mother
The boy was reading.
She never grew used to his life
obvious for observation.
He was married with an Indonesian woman, now.
World saved.
what to do
Something Molly never had.
Pride and beauty
Sherlock being Mycroft's beloved, little brother.
Her arrival to London lacking drama.
Sherlock wishing they have known eachother
He knew as well that, his dear brother lost that concept at a very young age, since then enjoying rubbing that into Sherlock's soul.
People leaning back
At all
Female piece of meat
Sherlock was catching those who got away.
witnessing crime
dreams and hopes
"Why would I need you…" Sherlock hummed finally closing his eyes .
Wishing broken homes and broken people healed.
Unussually girlish features hiding in relaxation
Eli Holmes- von Robrent
waiting
Their mother was for them to treasure.
Sherlock Holmes
Truly alive.
facing his crimes
And lack of breath
woman they knew
It was wrong, of course.
Unrecorded boat
Calling out for Sherlock, his voice cold and demanding.
Cried as her father's neck broke
Mycroft pulling Sherlock into his arms, the cigarette shared.
And four trips to the mainland
Three hackers, designer, five high scholars' there
Making one twitch
waited
How Mycroft loved ideas
Creating less troubles
When it snowed, Sherlock was asleep.
With a frown of her own she just had to turn around
At the end of the day British governments send a boat with vaccine to Indonesia, fulfilling their part of the contract. Sherlock Holmes used the antidote and wrote a paper about artificial extraction of disease from proteins.
His angst was adorable too.
"Leave it" Sherlock called.
"About future; with a pet doctor, skirt with paranoia and wild madman on the run"
Mycroft would find him.
Like God we made you be
somewhere afar
Connected
Jim Moriarty`s report
The Queen was upset.
Questions they could ask.
What a pair of big feet he had, yes, indeed.
He was.
Drugs were not the reason.
Just George gone, with the wind
He never spoke, or touched anyone.
Sweating palms¨
Death.
Elegant solution
Mycroft was worried.
inpatience
The shades of blue, swallowed him, dragged him into the deeps of the sea.
But it was worth it.
Pale exposed neck, tasting like sunlight, trembling shoulders, tears.
What happens then
Somehow Mycroft felt as a parent.
"It was a long flight"
a flushing flame
Mycroft was a careful man.
And Sherlock.
John was afraid to admit it, but…
people will question
Right questions to ask
John imagined it would be different
Long legged creature
Irene had no idea
Boxes with pussles, layed mozaic
not asking why
Apparently their parents were supplying British underground army for decades.
Had awkward phone calls and secrets
Their obsession.
even melodies
It took John a week to realize something
whys and when
John wasn´t ready…How could he be?
Little sounds
"I am not sleeping with Moriarty" Sherlock laughed, putting his feet up on the table."He would like that too much"
John wasn`t the problem…
out of her expertise
Irene Adler set free.
"Hmf"
Seen as rude
The war.
Perfect English
"Preoccupied in the gardens of your mistress I assume."
being there
Believing angels took sides.
Mycroft wasn`t secretive with his affections either.
When the weather was rainy, the impossible child took a walk.
Lack of ambition
And piles of heroine
and awcward laughs
The one with his brother was a mess.
The pretty boy wasn`t interested, they assumed.
Risks too high
Brused within
Something they celebrated with a Lemon pie.
Sherlock was silent
Thing is
Shame for who he is
half dead
Finally, maybe, John would understand.
She accepted her future as their heir.
Olivia
Now, silence was his enemy, Sherlock watching him a second longer, bright living second.
Frequently.
of their lives
Her girlish little laugh
Final proff
One phone call
Bite marks on his shoulder.
And so did Shelly, in more ways
Day 17.
Safe in jungle
Trust.
Steven or Siger, had a tough life, his manners rude and his face in scars, moving on from actual fighting into the selling under Violets supervision.
Mostly frowns
The tragedy making him laugh
Sherlock left to China the same day
Hitting Sherlock was unpleasant
not at all
Sherlock writing down
arts of science, she meant
A man who looked right at her
Needs
Local cuisine
The boy was always sickly pale, with long dark curly hair, fully dressed on warmest summer days.
A new pile of papers on Mycroft`s desk by the morning were probably not worth it, nothing but another key opening a tiny door.
He needed John.
Feed disorder
Was using him
Wrapped in Mycroft`s poor, tormented sheets, again.
His mind wondering if it was the vase Mycroft adored smashed to pieces or the amount of drugs stuffed into Sherlock`s system.
His brother
Reasonable sum of resourses transfered over
Or maybe he was.
If they were in love, Mycroft was the one who was supposed to do stuff.
Sherlock trusted John, from the second he saw him. He felt he could.
all the same
His sister`s agony.
In hit him weeks before the fall
Mycroft wasn`t a very dangerous man or a partically scary one; he was still in learning.
Sherlock grew up.
Sherlocks assistant frowning
Two sugars
A humorous approach
Less normal
Dead.
Day 34.
Sherlock visited once.
In the stillness of a vaccum
And any physical harm
the delay
Love or need?
Sherlock/Sherlock`s work ;
He felt restless.
School uniform suited her.
painted white glass
"Irene knows nothing. You will keep it so."
Mycroft did a study of Sherlock sleeping habits,in college.
Sherlock hurrying past them right into Mycroft`s bedroom.
Meant for another child
He made a name for himself, too.
Sipping her wine
"We are not." Pale hand slipping into Mycroft's
To the delights
Worth of life
He shook him
some steps a step just too far
Mycroft hated many habits Sherlock had.
"You don`t have friends, Sherlock"
They could be blades
The girl, hurting, her mind wondering.
The woman ignored and in awe.
Reusing silky gown left behind.
Gay himself
Sherlock never really needed a flat mate to begin with; his reasons for asking universe for one were wage and illogical.
The execution was not beautiful
And caring for his
Heartly laughter of a friend
Anger or pain
Olivia was not to be another victim of the underworld.
He had to.
Nice man
Plain tickets to London booked that afternoon.
Take risks
raw emotions
His tombstone plain
Lover
Their driver previously a poison killer
The woman was agonizing.
And something else, something Sherlock liked disliking.
Mycroft`s lovely sheets, all wet and greenish.
Sherlock confused.
Poking randomly at the scrapbook
The little squirm of delight and pleasure, Sherlock`s eyelids heavy.
He never cared.
And he was, sorry, since then; addressing the girl with her given name.
Clever girl
The boy proclaimed dead at the age of nineteen, his identity erased.
With a pen
admittedly bratty
typical
Hunting
Why did he?
Sherlock confused.
Gasps and kisses
A consequence
Sherlock never really got involved with people, either.
What happened when
When you knew nothing else
Sherlock was brilliant, his tutors amazed by the memory and skill of the child.
