“What happened with Clint?” the blonde asked, interrupting his thoughts and cutting to the core like the sorceress she was. His expression didn’t help, frowning when the woman just smiled back at him but giving in nonetheless.
"Language," the blonde said smugly as he still held their squirming kid in his grasp.
The girl, who was several inches shorter than his rapidly growing teen, visibly flinched at the gesture and turned red from embarrassment. She quickly shook off her fear and put her hand out to reciprocate.
“You’re just now going to bed?” his husband asked with a disappointed tone. Sometimes Tony would crash on the couch down in his workshop, but his bed was more comfortable.
"He even has Spiderman pajamas," Emerson said a little too smugly.
“Old age finally settling in Rogers?” Nat asked with a smirk, holding Bruce’s hand and daring anyone to comment on it.
. You can literally save lives with this…” Steve said in awe.
The question had the younger teen shifting on his feet...
"Make a wish, baby girl," he added, arms still wrapped around his husband. She smiled at him before closing her eyes and blowing out the candles, immediately followed by cheers from the large group.
“Will you two hush! Buck’s up to bat again,” Steve said after another minute of the two of them arguing, trying to pretend he didn’t hear something about his best friend getting blown in the gym showers.
“What would we be doing on this secluded beach?” Tony asked. Steve couldn’t help but laugh at that, kissing the back of his husband’s head before answering him.
But he didn’t need to worry about that now. Not only had he raised Harley by himself for six years, but he may have found someone that he could
"He's about the same age I was when I received my first sword," Thor said in defense, confused by their anger.
“Depends on what? And why are you wearing that ridiculous disguise?” his Pop demanded.
He also knew it was the only thing that would reassure her, actually seeing the man in person. So she followed him, ignoring the voice in her head as she crawled onto the bed next to him. She sat on top of the covers, legs crossed in a small way of defiance of getting actual comfort from him.
“Yeah, well...I’m not you. I need your Pop to even
A valid excuse, but it meant not having anyone to hang out with this evening.
“TONY.”
“I’m not your pal, guy.”
Joey sat between Helen and Tony as the blonde stood behind her, reaching out to keep the tiara Sam had placed on her head from falling off. She smiled at her little brother as she unwrapped the transformer wrapping paper. Steve had to shush Thor and Xavier who were still arguing over the outcome of the last game as Joey pulled out a familiar looking stuffed lion.
And on one particularly weekday, not long after Bucky had moved in, Steve brought him up to his room and said he wanted to show him something.
Bucky took that opportunity to tickle his youngest sibling before being able to pry him away from the other teen.
“No one,” Steve said as he moved to sit next to him.
“Actually! Sir! These three came up to the young lady. They’re the ones that started it,” came a woman in her thirties.
“Steve, you know she was joking, right?” Tony stood seriously in front of his husband to emphasize his point; Steve was always a little sensitive about stuff like that. He smiled when those gorgeous blue eyes were visible again, his eyes trailing down to his husband’s lips which were also now sporting a smile.
“Doesn’t this expensive ass school have some kind of no-bullying policy?” she asked angrily at the middle aged man.
“I don’t know, but I’m about to find out,” Steve said as he stood up off the couch.
She didn’t look much older than Joey and was dressed in one of the standard Stark uniforms.
. His face scrunched up in a hurt and confused way as she realized she needed to better explain herself.
“Love you,” Steve added, smiling at Tony when she yelled it back to them.
“I’ve seen them fight and then make out enough times. And if you make a single joke about leaving me for either of my parents I won’t give you your present.” Tony’s brows shot up at that last word, always excited to hear that word.
“You should do Grace next, cub.” The statement got Daci unwinding from his hug to sit back on his lap and look at him.
It was a stupid thing to do. Texting her. But then again, Joey was never really a smart kid. She knew this would only end in heartbreak.
He stole a glance at his Pop who was smiling back at him. Peter had told them it wasn’t something he wanted a few years ago, running a business like that. His Dad had explained that it was okay, he would find someone to run the Stark Empire – probably Pepper. And now…he did. And it was an actual Stark, too.
“You know what this means, right?” Emerson looked confusingly at her brother’s question to their dads.
“Jesus how’d you pick such a spineless Alpha?” his Father spat out at him.
“You cry every time you watch the FRIENDS finale,” Peter sneered at him while he got into the driver’s seat.
“Don’t listen to him, Harley,” Tony said with a more sympathetic tone. “He wasn’t there either and doesn’t know what he’s talking about. Now, I believe there was earlier talk of ice cream? If you two behaved of course.”
, she thought as she flexed her fingers. She’d never punched a person’s face before.
She laughed fondly and rolled her eyes, smiling brightly as she heard Leo sigh heavily before walking over to help them.
"How did you get naked so fast?" she said as she got up to chase him.
Peter took a deep breath before addressing the blue eyes boring into him.
“Yeah, well…your Pop and I want to take a beach trip together before, you know…I’m…limited?” he tried, unsure how to phrase it.
She was about to go yell at a man whose heart was literally hurting him – to the point that he needed surgery – for not telling her sooner.
Everyone called Peter a mini Tony. And in a lot of ways he was. He looked more like Tony than Steve and definitely had a lot of his Dad’s quirks, not to mention the love of science – but there was plenty of Steve in him as well. Steve saw it when he defended his right to be Spiderman. Whenever he offered a little one shrug response. And apparently when it came to falling in love with broken men.
He considered turning the offer down, but another wave of exhaustion hit him as he finished the delicious treat. He looked at his kid, who was currently rummaging through Rhodey’s duffle bag and pulling just about everything out. Board games, drawing pads, coloring pencils, play-doh, legos, markers, coloring books… they came prepared. He smiled at the sight before him. Bruce and Sam had also begun claiming various things, arguing with Emerson as she stubbornly insisted they
So she went back to bed, spending too much time worrying if one of them was secretly dying before finally falling asleep.
His memory is interrupted as he sees a familiar pair of shiny brown Italian shoes enter his eye line, not even realizing his head was hanging down. He looked up at his Dad before quickly standing and hugging the man. “It’s okay Bambi,” he heard him whisper. He could hear his Pops talking to Wade and the couple who witnessed everything. “We’ll get her back.”
“Woah, baby, getting handsy in front of your brother? I thought you said I had to stop doing that?” his husband teased as Peter firmly shut the door.
No shouting, no cursing, no hitting?
She’d never had a mother. Well, technically she did…for a few minutes. But then the universe ripped her away from the world.
“Yes, we’re your parents. And no, you obviously don’t need to see her again if you don’t want to,” he said while rubbing circles on her back. “We just wanted to let you know we’re on your side, whatever you decide.”
Until Lucky made his presence known, desperately trying to get his little body to climb onto the couch with them.
“Oh…um,”  Steve said with fake uncomfortable-ness. His son quickly stood up in disgust as Steve laughed at his joke. Peter was shaking his head with his hands over his ears before Steve got his attention again.
“Yeah?”
“Yeah, like a year ago. Don’t worry Dr. Qobo helped me taper off them.”
Something’s been bothering him, even as great as his life was now with his mom awake and as much better as he heard Clint was doing...he still felt guilty about not being there for his best friend. Bucky had been struggling a lot these few months and Steve hadn't so much asked him how he'd been doing.
“Sam,” Steve whispered, unable to form any other words. Luckily their radios went off and had them distracted by a call. When they got to the ambulance, he steeled himself to face his partner and friend as he started the engine.
“Hey man, I didn’t say anything. Do what you want.”
“– VATICAN BLUE OMAHA,” she said – momentarily shutting down Jarvis’ controls – before pushing the floor button. The elevator began going down, glad for the momentary distraction. She
“Uh, no sorry. What?” he asked, doing his best to ignore his phone ping loudly with a message in his hand.
“I thought you boys were bringing fish home for dinner?” Tony asked as he heard his boyfriend huff from behind him.
Wade smiled into his lips before he whispered, "
She had helped him so much as his Handler.
“Harley is the winner!” Pappy exclaimed, getting more laughs from the pup as he lifted one of the boy’s arms in victory. “Now you just need to defeat Stevie to be the champion. Think you got what it takes, lad?”
“Yeah, my dads adopted me when I was sixteen, but before I met them I was in the system since I was eleven.”
“Is that our son?” the blonde asked with a smile. “He looks just like me.”
"You live with two SUPERHEROES?!?" he exclaimed as he once again danced around with his toy adorably. The super soldier stood and wrapped an arm around his husband's waist, knowing he himself was a goner for the boy. His happiness was infectious as Steve smiled at the sight.
He told his Pops he’d be home in thirty minutes and it had been…an hour. That’s a whole thirty minutes unaccounted for. He was thinking of a lame excuse when the elevators door opened. He heard the TV playing the news and walked into the living room to find his dads cuddled up with blankets…watching…
…” he said with a pout, smiling when he heard his husband laugh fondly behind him.
giving up on him.
He took a breath as he typed his response.
“About not taking Stark cause of Buck?” he asked in clarification.
"That's my girl!" she heard Shuri shout as her cheeks burned red and continued walking across the stage, smiling as the auditorium erupted in laughter.
“No, of course not don’t be silly, come inside,” Tony said as he waved him in, shutting the door when Steve followed him inside.
He couldn’t help but laugh at his adorable son. “Yup, just like him. Now, I want you to pick
Steve watched him drive away, wondering what he had gotten himself into.
“Man, and I thought Pete was cute,” Miles muttered absently as Tony threw a smile at his current oldest.
“I’ll get that Tony, why don’t you sit with Harley?” Daci offered as she began picking up the plates, seeing the reluctant look on his face. It changed when Morgan grabbed his pajama pants and raised her arms.
“The flour is just the tip of the iceberg!” Bucky piped in, trying to defend himself. “She also tried to stick a fork in an electric outlet after I told her a
“It’s only AFI’s number two ranked film of all time. Plus the little amount of Italian I got from my very white mother’s side kind of morphs me into a mobster when I watch it.”
“Woah, wait! What’s wrong?” his husband asked while fast walking to catch up to him. Peter came to a halt at that, reminding himself they promised to be more honest with each other.
“Because they’re the ones that kicked me! The terrorists!”
“Alright! Well I didn’t know that…that’s fair.” He paused a moment, letting his smile fall when Sam turned back to the burgers.
. So. Whatever punishment you decide Mr. Campbell, email it to me. And you two” he said pointing to the two teen boys looking like they might piss themselves, “if I hear that you so much as
The actions got the two things he wanted, a giggle out of his pup and a way for the pup to not see what scared him. Facing forward, the two blondes went further into the museum until they settled on the dinosaur Steve was looking for.
She feels…
“Thanks?” Bucky said with a laugh, falling on his back to watch the puppet show. “I’m sorry about Rumlow though, dude’s an ass,” he said more quietly.
“Who happen to be highly skilled, tech-savvy individuals with connections across the globe,” his Dad retorted.
She poked her head a little out of her Papa’s shoulder, smiling at seeing the entire Avengers in front of her. They had all come looking for her. And they had found her. Her eyes started to drift close as she turned to bury her face in her Papa’s neck, inhaling his smell that reminded her of safety, reminded her of home.
Avoiding both his parents, Jarvis and his wife Anna was a difficult task, but he knew if they tried talking to him he’d spill the beans. He thanked Tesla that the hallways were empty.
“Yes. I will stay with Nat and Clint, just never speak to me about your ridiculous sex-life ever again, okay?” He laughed and shook his head no in defiance.
“Um, you’ll have to ask Uncle Bucky…” Clint said as he looked skeptically at the other man, who only squinted back at the blonde.
“Jarvis,” the genius said addressing the ceiling, “where are the parasites?”
She smiled and felt warm all over as her Tati carefully scratched her scalp and spread the shampoo throughout her hair.
“YOU KILLED MY BABY! …your own sister,” Kimberly said, choking on her own sobs.
“–she didn’t actually touch me,” she clarified.
“I like this one.”
“No honey, of course not.”
A knock on his door had him sitting up in attention, the door opening to reveal his boss.
“He’ll be fine, but he does have the option to be taken to the hospital if he wants to,” Sam said as Steve pointedly avoiding making eye contact with anyone.
Tony’s smile turned mischievous as he closed the short gap to his love before taking a finger and tracing it down Steve’s unfortunately clothed chest and abs down to what he was after.
“J where is everyone?” she asked the AI as she made her way to the kitchen, placing the stack on the counter top.
The blonde had been restocking the mini fridge in his Pappy’s office when he felt it.
“Okay. First of all Stane, don’t insult my godmother like that. She is twice the man you’ll ever be. Second of all, you are not getting your cowardly-failure hands anywhere near
“I never said he was bad,” she clarified, “just that I wanted to tease him on national television.”
She didn’t get to when they all heard the soccer players come out – and the coaches notice and yell at them. The group of cowardly cunts scattered as Joey brought herself to her feet.
“You remember that patient we had during our second week together? That gross old man that called me a “dirty n*****” and spit on me?” Steve frowned but nodded at the memory. “You defended me and put that ignorant shithead in a legal restraint that broke his thumb…you remember that?”
“But, where’s the uh…” Steve motioned with his hands, “controller? How are you making him move?” Tony blinked at him a few times before laughing loudly. Steve felt himself blush a little in embarrassment, until the genius quickly waved his arms in reassurance.
“You are the second greatest mother I’ve ever met, after my own of course,” he teased right back, glad to hear her laugh over the line.
“Why? Just tell me this
murder.
“Yes, okay? Obviously I told May, she’s sitting right here! And she’s family,” the genius said in his defense. Joey rolled her eyes fondly as her little brother suddenly piped in.
“But you’re not. You’re amazing, Peter. You’re the best little brother I could’ve ever asked for,” she finished as she dug her fingers into the boy’s ribs, laughing along with him.
“Aw, I do feel sorry for you,” Steve said as he easily carried the man. “But I don’t pity you, which is why you’ll be making this up to me later.” They had to duck under a low tree branch, the shorter man groaning in annoyance when more nature touched him.
“Yes you can, and you love me for it,” Steve quipped back confidently as he pulled the man off the bed with him. “Know why?”
“Like I said, be my guest. But if I were a gambling man, I’d guess the Avengers aren’t exactly aware of you replacing the original. So run along and tattle if you feel the need.”
"I don't know, what do you tell me?" the vigilante asked with a small smile, leaning forward to kiss the teen. Peter returned the kiss, heart burning at the amount of love he felt for this man. He pulled away, staring into beautiful chocolate eyes before confessing.
He was still pissed at Wade, and wondered how long he could avoid going back home to his husband and children.
“No, what happened?” his stubborn love said, making Steve feel that much more shitty about the situation.
She took a moment before looking up at the two men, defiance and a little bit of anger in her eyes.
“Oh wow that’s super cool! And excellent color choice, my friend. Give me a page, I wanna draw big meanie Nat with horns and a long tail,” Clint said with a sneer as Daci didn’t hold back the giggle that escaped her.
So there Steve sat, alone with his thoughts and speculation.
“Mhmm,” was all she offered as she continued hugging her dad. She heard papers rustle as he looked at the documents – too lost in happiness to care. “I love you, Daddy,” she whimpered into his shoulder.
“Joey you know I hate doing this, but you could’ve seriously hurt yourself this evening. And you know I can’t let that go,” he said sadly as he also scoot back. More tears spilled down her cheeks as she squeezed her eyes shut, willing this to be over as quickly as possible. She felt him gently grip her arm and pull her towards him.
“He will,” Rhodey agreed with a smile. “But I think you need a second to rest while he pulls through,” he put a hand up to stop Steve’s counter argument before continuing. “We are all aware of your freaky soul-mate connection that means if one of you is down the other is as well. I’m just saying, we have Em if you wanted to go nap with Pete.”
“Is Daddy okay?” his boy asked, suddenly changing in demeanor.
kick you in the crotch?” the man asked incredulously.
"That's still an option?" Bucky asked, unable to keep the hope from his voice as he looked up at Clint through his lashes. He kept his puppy eyes on the blonde, who's stoic look lasted another moment before he sighed heavily.
“Fine, no more laughing at Ruth’s creative punishment…” the genius agreed. “What do you think Steve?” he asked his husband, making good on his promise to step back on this one.
And the strobe lights started.
“I thought we broke up?” he choked out, cursing himself and his stupid mouth. When he looked back at the teen, he didn’t look angry or hurt, he was smiling back at him.
His nesting instincts kicked in around the sixth month, when he completely remodeled his room. Anna and Jarvis both relentlessly teased him, but it was all in good fun. They even let Rhodey come stay for the last month, the Alpha teen making sure he took suppressants so Tony didn't have an early labor.
"I...I found out something. And I just...wasn't sure if I could tell you guys," the teen confessed as she moved to further curl in on herself. Tony looked over to his husband who looked sadly at their kid. "I wasn't sure if I could trust you," she continued and stopped when she saw the hurt in Tony's face.
Thoughts of who would be the first to pull the trigger and end this relationship clouded his mind, until he heard James clearing his throat again in front of him.
Darkness found her again, and this time she welcomed it.
“Oh hi, I was wondering who’s cute bike was outside. Who’s your friend?” Mrs. Barnes asked with a kind smile as she walked by Clint to grab a glass. Clint felt himself blush at not thinking to hide his bike.
“Yeah Harley, I love having Bucky and Becca as my siblings!” Steve added with a chuckle. “I mean, they drive me crazy sometimes but I love having them as my brother and sister.” Harley just remained silent for a moment while the two waited impatiently.
“Have fun Uncle Tony and Uncle Steve,” Daci said, almost taking it back with the shocked look on everyone’s face. But then her uncles had matching grins that warmed her heart.
Steve was so exhausted, he almost got written up for falling asleep in class again. He walked slowly home, thinking of the one-month old screaming tyrant and exhausted brother waiting for him. He took the long way home for that reason, wondering if he should just take a nap before facing the screaming baby again. When he finally made it home, he walked in slowly to prepare himself.
“Steven.”
Cox ragged on him for not paying attention.
Probably could’ve benefited from a female’s perspective for the sex talk. Not that she didn’t enjoy Steve’s slideshow…or his updated presentation after they both came out…it had always meant he was
“So one time, when Jarvis took me to the park, there were some kids picking on me...when I was suddenly saved…”
think we should do?” he tried. His brown eyed babe smiled a little at that, uncrossing his arms and stepping closer to the blonde.
“Hey, is everything okay?”
,” Steve whispered to the boy, kissing his temple before leading the two to the NICU. “The puppy will probably be small, but don’t let that scare you,” the Alpha explained as Dr. Strange led them to the pup.
“Your grandpa told me what happened. I’m sorry bear, I’m so sorry you heard that.”
Luckily, her best friend in the whole wide world had returned and answered for her.
“That one is so cool! My favorite is the velociraptor,” Becca said as she munched on one of Ma’s cookies. “Also, you should definitely try one of these,” his sister offered Harley, who took it and immediately took a big bite.
“It’s a big mansion buddy,” he said as he pulled the boy onto his lap, arms wrapping around his tiny figure. “She’s probably exploring the other floors, okay? If you want we can ask Jarvis to ask her to come see us over the intercom? Would that make you feel better?” Peter nodded before burying his face in Tony’s shirt, the brunette kissing the top of the toddler’s head in reassurance.
“Jo, you’re not in any more trouble, but please explain to us why you smoked pot–”
“Right, but how do you feel about Vivienne?”
When she was three, Steve remembers him and his mom going over to his brother’s apartment to bring them some dinner. Bucky had just moved out from their apartment to give him and his daughter their own space, but Steve would be lying if he said he didn’t miss them.
“You should know,” Kate said as she walked her out, “whatever you say is between us, we can involve your fathers as much as you’d feel comfortable with.” Emerson smiled as she made her way to the lobby, saying goodbye before walking to reception to schedule more appointments.
“- why hello there friends!” the Omega greeted loudly, pointedly ignoring his Alpha as Sam and Nat entered their apartment and Clint closed the door behind them. Steve’s momentary reprieve ended, however, when Natasha suddenly inhaled deeply and scanned the room, eyes landing on Steve.
"No, unfortunately he beat us fair and square," Peter said begrudgingly as he took the bags from his sister to distribute the food among them.
“Leo, you coming?” the genius asked nonchalantly as he strolled towards the kitchen. Peter turned to the kid, who was actually watching the arachnid carefully. “Hey,” his Dad continued, speaking directly to Leo as the seven year old slowly turned back toward the man. “You’re in my house, so it’s my rules,” the older man said while guestering around, finally getting a smile from the boy.
“I...I don’t have to if you don’t want me -”
“You shouldn’t always believe rumors, Em” he replied without any real malice.
Why did he continue doing this to himself?
The woman apparently also didn’t like the news - if her flinch before her smile after finding out was anything to go by.
are not even superheroes twenty-four seven. We're just on call for the big stuff. Your Dad runs Stark Industries and helps me run the Sarah Rogers Foundation. And we also visit children's hospitals and host fundraisers. You will run yourself ragged if you just patrol all day everyday."
And well, Emerson saw the opportunity.
She called to tell him that his daughter almost got arrested.
"Not after he sees what we've done he won't," Kori added with confidence as she started working on his daughter's hair.
“I’d be more than happy to
“Yeah that’s not happening, I can barely take care of myself...let alone a puppy and two monkeys,” Clint halfway teased, sitting on the ground to hand Lucky some of the toys.
Sure enough, sitting there at the top of the hill was a teen curled in on herself. Tony got out of the car with Steve, walking along with him as they approached her. He noticed Tony stop short of sitting next to her, following his line of sight as the blonde realized she was clutching a mostly empty bottle of vodka. He opened his mouth to reprimand, but stopped when he heard Tony coughing loudly at him, looking at him pointedly before sitting next to her.
Tony put his hands on her shoulders to turn her to face him. “That doesn’t make it okay for people to say it to you. You are not responsible for the things that were done – to you¬ – in your past. And you sure as shit don’t deserve some prissy little tramps trying to make you feel bad for it either.”
“Um, yeah I think so. Why do you ask?”
"Thanks?" the boy asked adorably as Tony pulled him in for a hug.
“Yeah?” his oldest friend asked apprehensively.
Even if her Tati had reminded her to just accept those feelings and ‘let them happen.’
“What are you homos talking about?” Brock Rumlow said as he made his way to join the group, followed by his partner Kyle who laughed loudly at the man’s question.
“How long do I have?” Steve whispered to Tony, who looked almost drunk with happiness as he tried to answer him.
Sam went on about the ‘pompous and spoiled rich kid’ until they were distracted by Rumlow flicking his peas at another table. As Steve sat there, wondering why on Earth he had decided to join the football team, he thought over Sam’s words. But Steve was also never one to believe rumors, so he thought he’d actually talk to the guy before making any kind of judgement.
“Ma we haven’t even had dinner yet,” the Alpha scolded, knowing it’s a lost cause when it came to his Ma. Especially since Harley is technically his first grandbaby...and there is another on the way...
“Yeah, that resolved a lot faster than I thought it would, I was about to butter him up with promises of candy.” His husband laughed fondly, rolling his eyes before curling up more freely around Tony –still mindful of his healing heart.
“It’s Joey, no one calls me Josephine. Unless I’m in trouble, but then it’s usually followed by my middle name.
“Thank you guys!” he shouted back to them as he took off down the hall.
“You are,” Joey confirmed with a smile. May looked at the teen for a moment before wrapping an arm around her shoulder, pulling her into her side. She rested her hand on the top of Joey’s head, gently running her fingers threw her hair. It was such a kind and simple move, but it suddenly felt like everything to the girl.
She’ll probably get up, embarrassed or upset to be doing such a childish thing. Even after the adoption, she was still a little hesitant with physical touch. She was obviously very comfortable with the superheroes and knew she was safe, but the genius caught her trying to self-soothe often instead of asking them for comfort. His thoughts quickly raced at the possibilities when she blinked a few times at him before smiling, turning her body to sit more comfortably in his lap. He smiled warmly and snuggled closer to her, shooting a quick thanks upstairs for this kid. His kid. He heard her breathing slow as she again fell asleep.
“I was hoping to hear the story.” The two men looked at each other for a moment, having a silent conversation that Daci didn’t understand.
“My apologies, the three monsters,” Wade corrected himself.
can help your Tati with. Kids really shouldn’t get involved in their parent’s love lives. I wouldn’t expect any of my kiddos to get in the middle of me and Tony.”
Pepper would help legally bring the wrath down upon those responsible later.
“You should try kissing my lips,” that rat bastard he loved dearly grumbled out with his eyes closed.
He’d earned it, afterall. They had a lot to celebrate this evening.
The water wasn’t just good, it was perfect.
Both Tony and Jo knew how Steve felt about alcohol. Not only was his brother killed by a drunk driver, but both he and Buck had witnessed firsthand what alcoholism looks like. Bucky’s dad was a drunk, and a vicious and abusive one at that. He was technically his half-brother, as Steve’s dad died not long after Steve was born, both sharing the same amazing mom. But they also both got knocked around plenty enough to stay away from it. Or at least Steve did, remembering the few times he’d seen Bucky drink.
," he whispered to the man, feeling brave and vulnerable in a way he can't remember feeling before. And he didn't actually hate it, unlike he would have as the Soldier where being vulnerable and feeling weren't really an option. But there was a part of him that secretly loved it. Especially when he heard the words were returned to him.
“Yup, strawberry is your favorite, right?” he asked before showing her the packages on the counter.
“Alright! Fine, I apologize Xavier.”
“Life’s always complicated, Steve. Doesn’t mean you should devoid yourself of fun.”
“Jesus,” Steve blurted out. Tony snorted out a laugh, equally puzzled by this entire situation – but with considerably more sleep than the blonde.
"I carried them both, they better look like me," Helen teased as she walked over to kiss her in-laws in greeting, pulling her phone out to snap a few pics as the baby playfully grabbed Steve's nose.
It was everything he had ever wanted and never knew he could have.
“Oh,” Clint said lamely, not planning on saying those words let alone his reaction. “Cool,” he added with a smile, feeling like he was high even though he hadn’t smoked in weeks. But then James was pulling him in to kiss again and Clint forgot what they were talking about.
She welcomed him in when he knocked on her door, the teen sitting at her desk printing what the blonde assumed to be her finished essay.
“I didn’t realize….I was so caught up in the thought of losing you after losing my Dad when…you could’ve lost
"We love you too, baby girl," her Pop called after her as she went to absorb the wonderful news.
“Honey, cut her some slack,” the nicer one said sweetly, walking over to hug his heartbroken daughter.
“Apparently you owe Nat $50,” he said with a small smile. Clint’s expression morphed from confusion, to anger before quickly returning the smile.
She couldn’t confirm that it was about Tony’s heart, and for once was smart enough to not reveal something aloud she’d get in trouble for. So she remained quiet while Tony started picking at the garlic bread, waiting for them to reveal themselves.
“Ha. Yeah only when alcohol is involved,” Clint answered honestly as he laid back against the bed and stared at the ceiling. “If you go gossiping though, we’ll both deny it...and Rumlow will try to kick your ass.”
He and his husband shared a look, both feeling an incredible amount of love for their kids – but especially for their teen at this moment. They turned back to look at the two, smiling as Joey continued her onslaught with the boy now over her shoulder. She paused in her assault for a moment, moving the boy to rest on her hips.
“No, Steve, this is on me for misunderstanding. I just thought you wanted…” And here it was, even after Steve had just tried to reassure him...the doubt still lingered.
fast asleep – Tony being the small spoon with Peter taking up most of the middle of the bed. He waited for her to join the bed, shoving her brother a little to make more room for Steve.
Not only did they shower him with love and gifts on Christmas, but they genuinely seemed to like Clint and enjoy his company. It was still weird to get used to.
For a fraction of what it was worth. Obadiah retired still a millionaire, which didn't leave much for his worthless son. Tony shut down the company, but kept all the workers - simply transferring them to SI.
“Would you like to hang out in a mansion, order in for food and meet a 3 year old?” he asked and looked over at Steve, whose face seemed to light up at the realization.
There were a lot of cars already parked as the two couples got out. Clint watched Steve and Tony continue arguing as they walked, while the archer hung back and watched James.
“Answer the question, James.” Bucky couldn’t help but laugh at the shorter teen’s insistence, taking a breath before being honest.
Laughter coming from Clint’s room. He came out of the daze he had been in, standing up as his feet quickly led him to the source of the sound. Through the glass windows, he could see Daci sitting in Clint’s lap, the two laughing at something Natasha had said - the redhead sitting in the chair near the hospital bed.
She retaliated by being DJ on the way home, purposefully playing top forties. She’d be lying if she said she wasn’t pleasantly surprised when he sang along to a Beyonce song…or two.
“I go running wiff you?” she asked. Steve rolled his eyes fondly while Bucky suddenly took initiative from the situation.
“It’s a pleasure to finally meet you Daciana. Your daddy has told me so much about you. You are a very special girl.” That comment, meant to be a compliment, only infuriated the girl.
“Wait…that’s it?” Steve asked amazed.
“Sometime tonight, love.” Peter hummed in response, looking like he was thinking as they pulled up to their home. He was quiet until they got to the elevator.
She looked at the boy for a moment before carefully handing him what she had gathered, watching with a curious expression as Peter scurried back to the kitchen.
Steve sighed in contentment, feeling truly relaxed with the love of his life in his arms as the swayed in a hammock on a beautiful beach.
It turns out that recreating the radioactive spider was easier than he thought.
“I can help Barnes if you want to help Bruce to our floor?” Natasha offered Clint in a hushed tone, making Daci feel worse. She was tired of seeing Clint sad, tired more of her father being with the wrong person.
Both men looked dumbfounded before erupting in laughter.
“Of course you can, Peter Pan!” Clint said as he let Daci back on the floor, where she pulled her backpack around to show him her test score. “Wow, you are so smart kiddo.” The compliment made her smile grow bigger on her face, jumping into his arms again when he offered her another hug. He walked the two over to the couch before plopping them down. “Anything else happen today?” She kept her face in his neck at the question, not liking his knowing tone.
“So is that when you knew?” he asked out of his own curiosity.
"You can call me Tony, kiddo, and yeah I can show you after you meet Peter, okay?" the billionaire asked with a smile as they moved to sit on the couch. Steve sat on the other side of his husband, leaving the space by Miles for Peter to sit on. The super soldier wondered if his husband knew the boy wouldn't care about the robots in a few seconds...
Tony squeaked a little before laughing at his new position looking down at Steve, arms still wrapped around his shoulders as Steve moved his arms to better support him.
“It’s…actually kind of an early anniversary present…” he said with a scrunched face. Steve leaned back a little, brow raised as he waited for his husband to explain himself further.
“You’re nothing but a pussy. With a faggot for a son-” Howard didn’t get to finish, as he was suddenly on the ground below a fist-clenching Joe.
PETER
Steve recognized some, belt wounds and marks from what looked like a cane. Others he almost didn’t believe with his own eyes, was that a stab wound on her lower back? And…surgery scars along one of her kidneys? Who would do something like that to such a sweet girl, he thought as he closed the lid to the ointment jar. He looked over at his husband, who was uncharacteristically quiet.
“What all do you know?” Wade asked.
Barney had just sat in silence for a good four minutes, finally saying ‘okay’ before turning back to the movie they were watching. It wasn’t really talked about again, but Barney did significantly reduce the amount of gay jokes and slurs he used to throw around.
Did Steve say refreshing? He meant disgusting. Cause Buck had Clint up in his arms and was now visibly groping the blonde’s ass.
"To be fair Papa, I already showed Uncle Thor all my toys," the kid said with some Stark sass, getting an ear flick from his father.
The two people who he loved most in this world didn’t know just how much he loved them?
She had her eyes closed, mumbling something in response. She thinks.
“Em-” Tony began as he sat down where Nat had. He was stopped by his husband who held a firm grip on his shoulder.
She almost said the words aloud. How she felt selfish for wanting a mom to talk to when she was currently speaking with a kind mother-like figure. A woman who was simply her brother’s mother and owed this teenager nothing.
“Sorry,” she muttered in apology, using her free hands to scrub her face in exhaustion. Strong arms wrapped around her pulling her into a solid chest.
However, surprisingly, she actually did have fun.
“I didn’t have to, Nat called them.”
“Does 5 work, babe?” The two grinned at each other like idiots as Steve nodded.
His chiseled, accessible body.
." The super soldier wrapped his arms around his husband as he pulled him back into his embrace, curious as to what the man was up to. He smiled as he rested his head on his beloved's shoulder, who was ordering extra small Iron Man pajamas.
“No Harley, I didn’t know that. But I’m sorry.”
coming up like bile in his throat as he spit out the next words like acid, “you wanted to know if I was happy? Well guess what, I’m not. Thanks to you.”
“I’m plating them you heathens, go actually sit down at the table,” he scolded them without turning around. She and her Dad shared a look before laughing again, walking over to wait at the table for ‘the artist’ to finish his masterpiece.
“Yes, don’t pay any attention to
He remained silent as he repositioned himself to sit against his headboard, preparing himself for whatever this horrid woman had said to her.
“She said to
One step forward, two steps back.
The siblings made their way to the elevator, both opting for silence. When the elevator opened again, Peter decided he needed to say something.
“I’m pretty great, my sweet perfect Omega. We’ve got some great pups, don’t we?” Steve asked as he leaned down to kiss his mate on his plump lips.
Their second date was a private tour of a prestigious art exhibit, followed by a “quick ride” on a
“I’m sor-” James began before Clint quickly ended that train of thought by turning around and kissing him quiet. He pulled back, thoroughly enjoying the pleased yet confused look on his boyfriend’s face.
“Look, Mr. Rogers, we appreciate you looking after our Tony, but we have a very serious matter to discuss,” Obadiah intervened, stepping in between the men, ever the diplomat.
“Yeah, sorry I scared you little man,” she apologized sheepishly.
“I’m sure she doesn’t need you for two hours,” he assured the blonde, who interlocked their fingers together in response.
He leaned down to kiss her head, not for the first time thanking the sky above for her.
They’re gay. Logically, they couldn’t be interested in a teenage girl, right?
“Bye jerk,” Steve said as he nodded goodbye to him. He turned to the sleepy baby in his arms, gently kissing the top of her head.
EMERSON
He doesn’t seem any less angry than before, though he had taken about half an hour to work out and subsequently shower. She frowns as she looked away from his wet hair, still wondering to herself if it was possible to argue her way out of what was about to happen.
“And he’s been driving me crazy since,” Peter clarified, wiping his face after his Dad let him go. Both Emerson and Steve smiled at the pair, watching Tony as he moved to his husband.
“Lacy Renee Spencer,” she answered.
“Do you wanna tell me what your dream was about?” he asked wanting to both help her calm down and selfishly answer his question.
"-Woah woah woah! What makes you think you'd make it more than a month before you come crawling back -"
“You are welcome, baby. Have as many as you want,” his Ma cooed, getting a huff out of Steve.
She was saddened thinking of her Dads.
“Tell Rhodey I say hi,” she added, chuckling when he laughed into the phone. “She says hi, okay I’ll tell her, bye Rhodes. Jo, Rhodey says hey,” he said with a smile as he sat up to face her.
And because of that, he loved her with all of his heart. Nothing else mattered. The anger returned as he stood in front of Barton’s door, bringing his fist down hard against the wood and almost breaking it. It was another few seconds before Barton opened the door, and in those few seconds Bucky just got angrier.
Deadpool," she said with a grin as the air suddenly left the room. Peter looked at his boyfriend who had his eyes closed in anticipation. Miles looked at her with a confused look in his face.
They asked not to know the baby’s gender, wanting to wait until she gave birth to find out about their child.
Tony huffed and pouted as Emerson laughed and nodded at that. Steve moved to exit but Tony spoke up again.
“I’m not sure, Harley. But whatever happens, I’m here and I will always protect you.” He wasn’t sure if it was the right thing to say, but he smiled when the pup’s head rested on top of his own.
“Tattoos together before your
“-No stop, Tony. I literally said
bitch,” the teen said, wholly exhausted. “And secondly - what kind of crazy cunt wants a thank you from their child that they didn’t
"Let it go Pete," Emerson said as she followed the guys to eat. Wade walked up to Peter, stopping to give Peter one of his furrowed brow looks of disappointment.
“What do you mean? Of course he’s happy! He’s got you.”
STEVE
“But Nana…” the toddler tried to interrupt, never a fan of baths.
The family of four stayed silent a moment longer, Tony finally speaking up.
“Thanks T, I think I’m going to go try and sleep in my guestroom first,” she said after she finished her cup, taking it over to the sink and accepting the hug Steve was reaching out to her for. Tony smiled at the sight, wondering if taking a picture of the two would be weird.
“And a responsible parent,” Steve added with a glare, which broke when Daci laughed aloud - since her father had frozen mid grabbing another drink. She saw Steve shake his head fondly as her father finished his glass.
"Peter my friend! I am so happy to see you! But where is that boyfriend of yours? I was excited to embarrass you and meet the man," Shuri said as she heard Peter laugh at his old friend.
With a smug smile on his face, the other Alpha waved him over. Tony followed the man’s line of sight, settling on Steve and shaking his head no. With a smug smile of his own, Steve pushed reassurance to his mate before ignoring the other Alpha and pointedly walking away. He pulled Harley away from him to sit him on his shoulders.
"-In your sleep brother. I will slit your throat in your sleep and be forced to take the crown. How could you do that to me? I am not ready to be Queen, I am only twenty one years old! How selfish are you to make me do such a thing?" she asked as both Tony and Steve laughed aloud. T'Challa waved her off as he led the group to the dining area, Shuri following - openly avoiding the fathers - as she continued with her death threats.
“Firefighters?!” Peter growled, switching from exhausted to pissed off. “Wait...you were there...when the lab exploded?” he asked, suddenly feeling like he was going to vomit and eternally grateful they were in a bathroom.
“Thanks, Joe,” Tony said quietly as he pulled away, shy smile on his face.
“Look, I just want to apologize…”
Including Clint and Peter, who both lost focus, causing the five year old to fall on his face. Steve quickly rushed over to him as the boy began to sniffle. He picked him up and inspected his face, glad to see only a small red mark on his forehead.
“Do YOU want to sleep on the couch tonight?!” the genius squeaked out, trying to keep his glare but failing miserably. Steve opened his mouth to respond before the two were loudly ‘shushed’. They stared at each other for a confused moment before continuing walking and stopping at the entrance way to the living room.
“I mean, that
“Maybe she isn’t as itchy as you thought she was,” Steve pointed out with a smile as she again fell on her bottom. His brother glared at him before trying a third time. She definitely made it further, but still plopped down on her bottom before Steve grabbed her to pull her onto his lap.
“You’re doing great, Petey. You remember how skittish Em was when we first met her? She didn’t trust us either, jumped whenever we got close to her. He just needs time, you know? Keep showing him you are an adult he can trust, he’ll come around.”
Tony knew she had been having trouble making friends at school. He was mostly happy for her. It was just his damn PTSD that freaked him out when he slept completely alone. This is the first time in a long time and thus the shaky glass in his hand.
“You’re really going to make me say it?
And since it came to his son, the Omega knew he'd do whatever it took to protect him.
“Um, I have a Daddy. And he says you’re my father.” Tony couldn’t help frowning at the scoff that came out of his ex.
“I’m sorry Emerson, really we just…didn’t know it was this bad,” Steve began “could you lie on your stomach? Some of those are fresh wounds and could easily get infected.” Her cheeks were still red when she made eye contact with him, searching his eyes for any hint of deception or other intentions.
She couldn’t help blushing as she frowned, momentarily forgetting about the incident at recess.
“I won’t tell if you wanna bring him up. I kind of ruined your date,” Emerson said quietly.
“JOSEPHINE!” she heard him bark, startling her as she cowered away from the sliding door. Bill stood, mouth gaping as her Dad suddenly came into view.
“They’re fine, they’re eating their Uncle Miles,” the vigilante answered as he grabbed his sister-in-law to use as a shield. Peter turned his attention to his Pop, hoping for some support.
"Um, about a year? Now, I'm not sure if I'm allowed to talk about it," he said, getting a laugh from the family. "Come on, why don't you guys join me inside," the man said with a smile as Steve followed him into his home.
“Well well well… miss too-cool-to-be-a-superhero, what do you want to do then?” his Dad asked in jest, teasing her right back.
The four of them lived in a small two bedroom apartment, where the ‘master’ bedroom was barely bigger than the closet that was the smaller bedroom. His mom took the smaller one, while Bucky and Jo took the master, which left the futon in the living room for Steve.
They were the only two customers in the café, making Steve think Tony had somehow done that on purpose. A polite young woman took their order as Steve did his best not to stare.
STEVE
And since he was the Winter Soldier, he didn’t miss his target. Daci collapsed on the ground at the same time Clint did, knowing the sound of her skull cracking will haunt him forever.
“Hey, Steve. Question. Have you seen the Godfather?” Before Steve could answer, Tony spoke “AND SHE’S BACK! I knew we kept her around for a reason. Excellent choice, young one.”
“Why do you want her walking anyway?” Steve asked as his brother relented and let her crawl over to the blonde. He pulled her onto his lap as he thought about all the trouble she already could get into on all fours.
“Want to go see what the Starks are up to?” he asked in a sleepy voice, scrubbing his face with his hands before standing up off the bed.
“I was supposed to hang out with my father after school today, but he had work to do. Or at least that’s what his secretary told my Daddy.” Steve watched as his Pappy worked on controlling his anger, which was already coming off of him in waves.
"Tiger lilies, baby."
After a few minutes of tearful embrace, she pulled back to make a small request.
“No problemo, Buckaroo,” Tony sang, currently tickling Harley on his lap and making the boy shriek with laughter. Daci smiled at the sight, and at the nickname Tony gave her father, who looked angry at the name.
“Yeah basic training is a few weeks after I graduate,” James said easily just as Clint’s head jerked up in shock.
“No” Steve said at the same time Tony said “yes.” The two superheroes looked at each other for a moment before silently agreeing.
“No, actually. It’s what I can do for you,” the blonde purred as he reached in his back pocket and handed the teen his wallet. Bucky look adorably confused as he grabbed it and inspected it. Clint couldn’t help but scoff when Bucky opened the wallet and looked at the money.
“Nope! Noooope. Not playing this game, if you want to reward the STILL GROUNDED YOUNG MAN, then be my guest!” he waved his arms dramatically as he moved up the plane to watch autopilot descend to their landing pad.
“Oh no, Buck, what’ll happen if Jackie just can’t let go?” Steve asked dramatically, well aware of this game. Bucky’s grin spread across his face before he molded his hands into claws, his baby brother’s blue eyes widening in excitement.
“You’re a great dad, Steve. I’m sorry I was a little shit today…”
“Daci, baby are you okay?” he asked as he cradled his girl in his arms. He gently rolled her over to check the back of her skull, sighing in relief when he noted it was mostly healed. She slowly blinked back at him as he heard Steve’s voice over the comms.
“You have surgery…” Steve argued.
“Okay. Love you Daddy.”
, say something bad about Vivienne?” Banner asked him.
“Unless of course...you find a pretty Omega and offer to buy theirs…” Clint purred with wiggly brows, leaving Steve no choice but to throw the couch pillow at his head.
“I still don’t,” the blonde answered truthfully, earning more laughs from the brunette. “But what I do know is I choose you, Tony. And there isn’t a single person I would rather have on my team than you. I came here because I need you to understand that. That my friendship with Bucky will never, ever, come in between me and the most important man in my life. The man I love,” he took this opportunity to grab the hand of his best friend. “If you wanted me to, Tony, I would cut off all ties with my past. For you. I’d stop talking to Bucky, I’d quit the Avengers, I would denounce the ‘27 Yankees if it meant having you in my life, by my side, for all of eternity.” He released his hand and pushed the ball closer to the speechless genius.
“Steve,” Rhodey said a little more sternly.
But Bucky didn’t want a pass.
that,” she said as they got off the ride. Peter threw his hands up, yawning as he wanted to be picked up by his dad. His attention taken, he noted he’d respond to her later; while his back ached at the prospect.
“Um...yeah,” the shorter teen admitted with a blush.
He gently lifted her up, placing a kiss on her cheek before laying her out on the carpet. She smiled back at him, lifting her legs up to make the process quicker. When he finished, he gently grabbed her and stood the two up, resting her on his hip after another quick kiss to her cheek.
“But I’m not enough. He needs...he needs more,” she said with a sigh, looking down at her lap sadly.
“I’m fine Mama, the doctor says I’m perfectly healthy.”
“What did I say about feeding his ego?” Tony snarked, face failing at hiding a smile.
And as they stood there, the spider between them, Miles could see a change in Harry’s eyes.
She ended up leaning against Steve’s side as he read, mesmerized at his story-telling abilities and losing herself in the various books he went through. Her Tati read to her, but it wasn’t like this. She’d occasionally look up at Steve’s face, watching it contort to match the characters personalities and tried to hold back a laugh. Overall, it was lovely.
A text from Tony, asking if he was ready for the brunette to give him a ride. The genius needed to talk to Mr. Pym, his science teacher, after school which was why Steve was moping on a bench by the parking lot.
“Tony? Could we have a movie marathon until they get back?” she asked the genius who looked relieved at the idea.
Tony laid Harley down on the couch, rushing to his boy’s room to grab his stuffed bear before bringing it back to lay next to his pup. Then he walked into the hallway, trying to call that jerk and cursing when it went straight to voicemail.
“No, obviously. This is about your niece…”
“Promise?” she asked quietly, feeling like a child and suddenly needing the reassurance; remembering her father recommending, ‘just act on it’.
“I confess there’s another reason I brought you in here, Rogers.” Steve’s head shot up again at that, gulping before steeling himself for the answer.
“I...who the hell are you anyway?” the arachnid demanded, trying to keep his voice from squeaking in anger. The vigilante turned to him for a moment and just stared at the teen.
“Yeah well” he hated himself for how childish he sounded, “karma’s a bitch, Captain.”
“Alright Jo, I think you’ve embarrassed the poor guy enough,” Steve offered as he pulled out the home-made pizzas he created out of the oven.
"You called me yesterday just for that reason, remember?" he reminded her with a smile as she hummed in response.
“Okay, well come back for bedtime, and you’ll sympathize with me,” James said absently as he tried to hand the other teen a fork.
That’s when Peter heard shouts, followed by the sounds of doors slamming and feet pounding as Leo made his way into view. Behind the boy he could hear people arguing, but Peter’s frozen attention was on Leo. The boy had tears in his eyes and didn’t stop until he ran straight out of the building.
“Yeah,” she said quietly, a smile on her face.
When they landed, he kept in his anger long enough to follow Steve’s lead. It was a familiar facility to the one he found Daci in, except that one he personally had blown up following their escape. Stark and Thor flew ahead to survey the area while Banner hung back until Hulk was needed, leaving the other four to infiltrate.
“So…” he began, sipping his own coffee and turning to face her with a smile. “How are you really doing, sister?” She couldn’t help the smile that broke across her face, having known how persistent this man can be when he wants to know something.
Or any piece of fiction.
“What happened?” Steve asked as he followed the other Alpha inside, anger slowly deflating from his body.
So Tony just laughed in the face of his ex, who's anger quickly returned as shock was also evident on his face.
“Yup,” Tony confirmed as he resumed the upgrades on his tablet. “She apologized and was fine with our mini vacation. Except she didn’t want any juicy details…for whatever reason.”
“Oh yeah? I don’t mind sharing with him.”
Wade stopped with his hand on the door knob, looking at him seriously. “As a heart attack. Make sure my boutonniere matches my eyes.” He looked at Peter another moment, gave him that smile that was literally weakening his knees, adding a “remember, 7:00. I’ll be waiting for you, Romeo,” winking before he finally exited.
"Not in front of Flower, that's not fair," she said in protest after she swallowed the drink.
My favorite chapter <3
"Babe why don't you tell them about the vacation idea we were talking about?" The brunette's face instantly lit up before turning to the two kids finishing up their breakfast.
“Hey Joey! Your Dad said to just send you back,” Marcus said with a smile.
“Wait, how come
But as he turned around to face him, the gun dropped to the floor and sounds of grunts filled the air. Now towering over the fallen man was a dark red figure with...horns on his head?
“You sure you don’t want a paternity test?” the two began laughing again at the implication, Tony shaking his head.
Him and DUM-E.
“Tony,” his husband groaned.
.” Tony gave her a weird look at that, the teen suddenly realizing how that must’ve come across to him. She quickly reached a hand out and rested it on his arm.
He was glad to see Joey had showered and eaten, the two sitting in the living room with a half-eaten box of donuts while the teen sported damp hair. They stopped their conversation when Steve entered the room, the blonde glad to see an extra coffee sitting waiting for him at the spot next to Joey.
“Um, were you there? Maybe a stegosaurus got hot and went for a swim?” Steve asked, loving the affront looked from his son. The pup looked back to the Omega, who was only beaming at the two, suddenly remembering his son was looking for his input.
“It probably hurt a lot less than a punch to the face, young lady,” Tony teased with a brow raised at the teen.
“OKAY! OKAY!” he managed between laughs, “I give!... PAPA PLEASE!” With that, Steve released his hold on Peter, gently pushing him away before turning his attention to the wide-eyed teen caught under his legs. “…wait” was all she managed before Steve grabbed her around her middle, dragging her up until she too was sprawled across his chest, squirming to free herself from the onslaught. She momentarily forgot what she needed to say to be released, selfishly enjoying the undivided attention and warmth she felt.
EMERSON
“The only thing I can think about is that woman abandoned her when she was seven. Whether by choice or not, she left her,” he whispered, reaching out to tuck some hair behind their daughter’s ear.
“Hey!” Tony said with a pout as the blonde turned back to their girl.
“Are you only saying that cause I woke you up with a blowjob?” Tony quietly teased his Alpha whose pupils dilated from the reminder. Tony had absolutely spoiled his husband this morning, waking him up with a blowjob followed by incredible shower sex. Then breakfast in bed - Tony had been practicing with Sam and he made pretty damn good strawberry and blueberry crepes if he did say so himself. He'll admit...Harley helped with the crepes but Tony did most of it himself. His older pup had demanded he carry the tray, which was cute and only slightly worrisome as the Omega carried the cuddly baby in his arms.
“Hey,” Clint said to get his attention, shifting when the older teen looked up and gently crawled onto his lap. He cradled the brunette’s face in his hands, whispering “
"You all must be exhausted from your trip. Please, follow us as we provide refreshments and show you to your rooms," T'Challa said as he clapped the blonde on his shoulder and talked as they made their way inside. Shuri immediately grabbed Peter, pulling him back a little to speak with him. Emerson stayed in the middle of the group, not wanting to intrude on their conversation but most definitely planning on intruding on their conversation.
“Daddy spanked me, Nana,” Joey tattled again and threw another glare at Buck, making Steve snort from laughter. He composed himself with the glare his brother sent him.
“Good morning, beloved,” he heard his handsome genius whisper.
“Just one, then back to bed Pete.”
“-About what you wanted to do with the rest of your life? No, I don’t remember that particular conversation!” Clint shouted before something clicked in his mind, immediately squashing his anger and replacing it with guilt.
Bucky took a step back reflexively, not enjoying the billionaire coming into his space and also taking a deep inhale through his nose. He simply glared at the man, knowing that if he were to strike the spoiled man-child, it would mean fighting with Steve and possibly Romanoff.
“Another!” Thor said, pouring the bottle Natasha had brought to everyone’s tiny glass until Steve stuck his hand out over his.
"Tati, can we stay until Clint gets to leave?" Daci asked, snuggling deeper into Clint's side and making herself comfortable on the small bed.
But the boy remained in his lap, rubbing his eyes tiredly as a yawn escaped him.
Kristen and Bill passed around what she would later learn was a blunt, turning to offer a hit to their guest.
Baby steps.
But what those girls did to her.
“No, I don’t. From the few interactions I’ve had with your dads, it’s pretty obvious they love you very much. And something like this…which I’m sure in your head is just as bad as what your father did…”
“I don’t mind, what does the drink do?” she asked as she watched her father drink from the tiny glass again. She smiled to herself as she watched his face change, scrunching up and licking his lips several times. “It looks like it tastes funny. Can I try some?”
“Alright, point taken. I have not matured since I was seven. I get it, if you’ll excuse me though I’m going to go write my report,” Miles said before swiftly leaving the table, ignoring the snickers that followed him down the hall.
“I saw the light, Steven.”
“It better not be the circus one, that’s my backstory.”
"Hey husband, do you want to know what your daughter did earlier?" Steve asked as their daughter tried to protest with a mouthful of hot chocolate.
“Wait, she said
“What?” the blonde played innocently, shrugging one shoulder. He looked at his husband’s lips, leaning down to whisper, “I just felt like kissing my husband.” The two began making out, which earned loud and over dramatic groans from the two teenagers, throwing their hands up in defeat.
“And here I thought you were some parenting guru.”
“I think you’re scared, but tell me this - why would you even bother dating Barnes if you thought he’d act the same way Rumlow did?” she asked, referencing the time Clint had tried to talk to the jerkoff about his PTSD and not wanting to have sex one night. When Brock realized he wasn’t getting in the blonde’s pants, he left. “Because deep down you know you deserve better. And even deeper down in your stupid male brain you know Barnes
“I told you he’d be okay, Petey-pie,” Steve whispered, eyes still closed.
“Daddy! Steeb!” the toddler shouted excitedly, throwing himself on top of the two men. Steve fumbled him for balance as he watched Joey join them on Steve’s side, extending an arm to wrap around his girl.
“Focus Wilson,” Steve said playfully as they made their way to the top floor. The elevator doors opened upon a rather extravagant party, minus the music as the crowd broke away for the paramedics to come through. A tall and slim blonde made her way to them, introducing herself as Pepper Potts – the one who made the call.
Long before he believed the man wouldn’t hold certain things against him.
She jumped off his lap, wincing in pain from the sudden movement. Steve reached his hands out to steady her, looking at her in concern as she balanced herself with his outstretched arms.
Now though...now he was actually excited to dance with a hot blonde on his arm. And dance they did, just about every song Clint grabbed his arm and dragged him to the dancefloor. Rhodes and Danvers won prom king and queen and Buck could only laugh when Clint stole her crown and proceeded to dance with the redhead who stole the king’s crown.
, the last bell rung and she made her way to the bleachers. No one was there at first, which surprised her – as they were gossiping hoes…so you’d think there’d be a big crowd for the show…which suddenly made her think something was up.
The room silenced as Tony quickly got up to walk over to the blonde. Steve was wearing his scrubs, happy tears in his eyes as he met his husband halfway.
“Healed enough that I can’t get anymore sympathy favors, but not enough to actually return to active duty. Unless one of you wanted to be a true hero and piggy-back me…” Clint trailed off, frowning when Bruce simply walked away to the kitchen mid-sentence and Steve barked out another laugh. “Why must you laugh at my pain, Rogers?”
“Really? Cause it seems pretty loose if you can flail your arms about…” she said pointedly, not falling for his bs.
