Steve kept thinking, "No, the truth is I haven't," he replied thoughtfully. "I think I've been in new places to me, cities, countries, but for missions, always for work."
Steve lifted him a little to slowly introduce his cock and they both groaned. They stared at each other panting and Steve stepped back to push his cock harder this time. Tony arched his back and threw back his head shouting his name again. Steve began to move slowly, and Tony took him by the neck to kiss him. They started taking a pace that grew fast within the minutes. Both were so aroused it wouldn't take them too long to come. With each thrust both gasped louder, then Steve took Tony's cock in his hands, stroking it with the same intensity of his thrusts. Tony rose a little grabbing himself of Steve neck and shoulder, and a thrust from Steve made him squeeze him with his hands tightly, burying his nails a little. That drove Steve crazy who focused on thrusting him at that spot listening to Tony's ecstatic groans. Steve gave Tony's cock a stroke at the moment of a hard thrust. He felt Tony bite him between his neck and shoulder as he groaned, coming with great intensity. The ferocity of Tony's orgasm made him come only a few seconds later.
Tony told FRIDAY to call Pepper and the rest. Without opening the portal at his side, Tony could already feel the presence of Steve at his side. When he turned around, he looked at them entering the room. Steve did his best not to look him in the eye. The door of the meeting room opened, and Pepper was the first to enter.
Tony stroked her face and kissed her hard changing her positions. After every thrust of him, Tony watched as Pepper closed her eyes at the ecstasy he provoked in her. He kissed her again, and his thrusts became faster and more desperate. They both gasped looking at each other in the eye, until Tony saw Pepper cum again while he also release inside her. Tony collapsed on top of her and she hugged him. After a few seconds, he took her in his arms, laying on the bed facing each other. Tony had his eyes closed, and he felt the caresses on his face.
Tony and Bruce had been locked up in the lab for 2 weeks, both were taking very short breaks to eat, but they really had little rest. Everyone was aware of what they were trying to create. A time machine, no matter how absurd it seemed, they wanted to go to the past and recover the stones. For now, they could only focus on being able to create the machine. The implications this could bring seemed too complicated to discuss them. The important thing was to take small steps that brought them closer to a possible solution.
The noise of the girls running from one side to the other made them look at the others. Tony realized he and Steve were so lost in their world they had to remember they were locked up under a church waiting for the storm to pass.
"Thank you very much. Both of you for helping us," said who appeared to be the girls' dad. "We recently moved to this city and did not know exactly what to do. We are infinitely grateful you helped us."
"Mephisto takes hold of souls to feed his power. There have been many recent attacks. We must do something,” Wong insisted.
Tony looked at Steve for the last time and closed his eyes. After a few minutes, he began to hear a murmur coming from Wong. He seemed to be saying some kind of mantra in a language unknown to Tony. However, another minute passed and the effect was very relaxing. The sound of a bell began to accompany Wong's words, and Tony began to feel a deep sleep. He had heard Wong say he must remain conscious, but once again he felt a blast of heat take over his body. Suddenly, Tony felt he was sliding. Like in those slides in the parks when he was a child, although he couldn't see anything. Then, he felt he was in an elevator without light. The darkness surrounded him and while it was descending the walls were shrinking until he was trapped.
"Poor Benny," Steve said worriedly, and Tony smiled when he saw the children peeking over the new puppy.
"It's an old conception about souls. No, we don't have a single soulmate, if not many. We are an universal and infinite energy, Tony, which as you have lived transcends matter and space. We connect with other energies and create the expressions of life. Sometimes those connections vibrate at the same pace in many lives, in many forms and multiverses. Then the connections become special, because their encounter made them stronger and extraordinary. The connections of the souls are energies creators of the magic that surrounds everything, of the purity that does not have limits." Wong took a deep breath. "We live to create, to shape that energy and when we connect with that other unique energy and create marvelous worlds, we know we manifested
"Yes," Tony replied with a short breath, and Steve was kissing him. Tony had to recognize Steve was making him lose his mind every time he was so close. His mind which some had said was of a genius, seemed to be blunted, crushed, in a short circuit. His thoughts, words, and any left reasoning he could have, seemed to get lost so he could only
Steve's face turned an incandescent red so fast, that even Tony was surprised with the extreme blushing.
. His heart trembled. He could feel the connection with Steve so alive again. Suddenly, the girls' father entered, apologizing and addressing them.
"Dude, welcome to Tony's babysitter club. I tell you that it doesn't pay well. And you have to put up with many tantrums and spoils on his part," Rhodey said now addressing Steve who was clearly holding himself not to laugh.
. Steve's throaty groan when he felt Tony against him, could be heard in the entire house. This seemed to indicate to Tony's hands they could travel all over Steve body. Then Steve felt his hands rest on his bulge, and he couldn't help his hips moving forward to have more contact.
"An old church has a couple of underground rooms. They will serve as a refuge. It is 400 meters away. You can take them on 2 trips and return on time, Sir," the AI explained to him.
." Suddenly, Tony realized he was crying. He hadn't cried after all those months. At times he wondered if something was wrong with him because he had not cried. He was unsure if that was not normal, if he should cry. Now the tears seemed like frightened prisoners escaping from jail. It threatened to leave him empty, and he could not stop.
Both stopped when they heard their names. They looked at each other, and their short breaths were just a hint of what the position of their bodies clearly showed.
"Sure. I think I had promised Khean I would help, and we already know what would happen if I don't," Steve said grinning.
Still, Tony couldn't believe that those bitter words came out of his mouth. He didn't really think that. He didn't feel better because Barnes's death. But after hearing him, seeing him there, he remembered Rhodey's words. And an overwhelming rage took possession of him, instead of any other feeling he knew he shouldn't feel.
Steve felt himself out of breath. Tony's intense gaze reached the depths of his soul. He couldn't recognize which of them was getting closer. There was an unspoken approval to do so. While holding Tony's hand with one of his own, his other hand wanted to touch his face. Maybe he was about to do it, maybe he had done it, then Tony's phone rang.
Tony nodded with a half smile. "Although I don't bring the best of the news. Wong, they are all ears."
"Love...You'll make me..." Steve told him out of breath and saw Tony's mischievous gaze as he slowly backed away from his cock.
Steve turned around. "He traveled back in time as I did. He went to look for me in the past where I stayed."
"You know, you don't have to feel guilty all your life for what happened between us. It's okay you hide that your best friend killed my parents and well, he's now dead too, maybe with that we're even," Tony said with bitterness.
Tony approached Steve immediately to touch him. Maybe if he did it again, they could go back to Strange's house. His first intention was to touch his arm, but without thinking his hand went to Steve's face. Tony watched as Steve closed his eyes when he felt his touch, but nothing happened. When Steve opened his eyes, he touched Tony face. Tony closed his eyes, but not because he expected to return, but because he felt overwhelmed at the sensation of Steve's touch. Tony opened his eyes and they both couldn't look away from each other.
"Mephisto tried to take possession of your souls. At first it seemed he almost succeeded, but we arrived on time and were able to stop him. However…” Bruce seemed to be again thinking how to say his next words.
Tony looked at him breathlessly, and Steve gave his cock another stroke. Tony groaned again and tried to keep his eyes open, but one more stroke was all he needed to come with a burst of his heat. When Tony opened his eyes, Steve was looking at him with devotion. As if the world was contained in his eyes. Steve approached and kissed him slowly, with love and adoration, dedicating himself to taste his lips gently. Tony felt being loved. And he loved Steve so deeply, what he knew of him and what he was yet to know. They would have time to get lost on the road, but also to meet again knowing much more about each other.
Steve kept laughing, but he also licked his lip, as he always did when he wanted to kiss him. "OK, I'm losing this battle too. We need to go back with the others," he said smiling.
"The others are OK, what happened?" Tony asked looking at the rest of the room. His eyes stopped on Scott, and Steve watched as Tony's mind connected everything in an instant.
They had lunch and talked as they used to do. Tony enjoyed seeing that beautiful smile of Pepper when she laughed. At some point, she told him she had taken a few days off, so they could do whatever he wanted. At another time, Tony would have felt more excited about that proposition. Now he could only smile.
Bruce said goodbye to them and Tony and Steve entered the compound. At the hall, they realized they would have to break apart for the first time after those days when they did nothing but be on top of each other. They stopped for a moment looking at the other and already understanding, with the look of their eyes, that both thought the same.
"And why I, who am in your super serum body, was unconscious for so long?" Tony asked, but it seemed more a question to himself.
When the tribute was over, they all shared a few minutes of silence. Tony couldn't help remembering the silence in his dream. A shiver ran through his body, but he told himself it had only been a dream. Later, the governor invited them all to go to see the walls. Rhodey and Steve approached the rest of the team.
. Where would he be?, Tony wondered. He got up and went to the bath. As the water ran through his body under the shower, the images and sensations of the previous night repeated in mind, and his body began to respond. Steve would be his downfall, Tony thought smiling. He knew he had awakened to a new day in which the mist seemed to have disappeared, and he could only feel a very sweet elation.
Tony broke apart from the embrace and left the kitchen. Steve was stunned for a moment while watching him leave. Soon after, he went to the living room and saw Tony walking from side to side.
No, it was not his heart which was afraid, but him. Tony went to the backyard; he suddenly felt hot. He stood on the porch for a moment and took a deep breath, closing his eyes. The soft breeze caressed his face as it had had a day ago when he stood in that same spot. He opened his eyes and looked out at the lake, so serene and peaceful, as if he knew a secret about living that Tony didn't know.
. However, I would have to do something, and I'm here to fulfill it," said Steve trying not to reveal anything with his words.
"I completely removed it from Pepper, but in doing so I understood what was wrong with Killian version. If we implant it, I'm pretty confident it will work." Tony said with conviction.
"Why can Johnny have two daddies, and I only have a daddy and a mommy?" Morgan explained him quite dissatisfied to the terrible situation.
"Remind me, why am I supposed to go to that conference?" Steve complained while Natasha helped him with his tie.
. Tomorrow, early in the morning, they would go fishing. He closed his eyes and then remembered Steve's laugh during dinner. He was truly happy, you could tell.
He was at his break time, sitting in a courtyard that everyone shared at lunchtime. In the center, it was a beautiful fountain with small lotuses. It was his favorite place to rest. From there, he could see the Buddhist monks who were on charge of helping and those who, at the time when he arrived, gave him shelter in that beautiful land.
«Tony, you asked me before why I had chosen that day. It was because after battling for a long time with myself to accept it, since that day I came to realize I could feel that feeling again. It was not left in the past, in the ice. I knew when saying goodbye to you that day, my heart was also awake» Steve said heavyhearted.
The storm. It was still inside him, and it seemed Steve's captivating serenity had no place in him. He really could understand Steve had made peace with his torment when he had accepted their love. And that was the point, Steve not only recognized it, but he also accepted it. However, he now could feel dragged by the storm to the place he feared. His own torment seemed to merge with his thoughts into one. He loved Pepper too much to hurt her, and he knew that would hurt too much.
Tony began to review the years of the wines and placed a pair on a nearby shelf. While checking the label of a Spanish wine, he heard his name in that soft tone which only
“My impression is Mephisto should have promised Mordo what he has been looking for since the death of our master. Get souls to Mephisto so he makes him stronger, more powerful. But he will never be the Sorcerer Supreme."
A six years old fan, Tony thought smiling as he saw her excited to confirm her suspicion. He saw Steve nodded and smiled at her.
"Chandra, I won't go anywhere," Steve told her, trying to assure her he had no reason to get away from her.
In the compound, they found the team already prepared and gathered in the meeting room. While Steve was talking to Natasha, Tony was in charge of preparing the slides of the project he was going to discuss with the whole team. Being there reviewing the presentation, he felt proud and so excited that he even forgot about the reason of his laziness to get out of bed that morning.
"The world is a bit chaotic out there, but I think everything will return to calm in a couple of days," Natasha explained him. She seemed convinced.
“However, when your soul sought him, I did my best not to feel the pain in my heart. I ignored it and waited, because I told myself you would come to me and you did it,” Pepper took a deep breath. “But now, you are not here.”
Steve laughed. "The town is not far away, isn't it?" he asked. "I thought it would be nice to take a walk, although the day looks like it's going to be pretty hot today."
On the other hand, the world order that everyone aspired was getting a little more complicated. It was not only to help the police with the simple robberies and the occasional fights. But street bands also began to circulate with contraband of medicines, food, all kinds of supplies. One would think it didn't make sense in those times to happen, more now that they were less in the world. It was as if human beings loved to complicate their lives to have something to always be busy with. And speaking of complicating life, there was Tony. Missing his fantasy's relief and Pepper at the same time.
"Very bad use of words, Captain," Tony said, pouncing on Steve to kiss him with full force. Steve replied moaning, kissing and bringing him closer to him. This time they kissed with more savagery, abandonment and their breathing became heavy. Then, while Tony was devouring him, he took Steve's bulge to stroke him hard. "That's what I want," he said to Steve pulling away from the kiss and looking him straight in the eye. "In my mouth," he whispered before kissing him again. A frenzy of lust burst inside them and he felt Steve lose his balance making them fall.
. A part of him recognized he remained true to his values, ideals and would sacrifice his life for any other human being. He had dedicated his life to justice and honor, and always would. But it hurt in his soul to think he knew he would let whatever happened happen, even if it meant a last sacrifice.
«Pepper is pregnant. She already was five years ago, but for them was so little time. Then you might think is an impossible 5 years pregnancy, but no… She was, and
"Shut up, Rogers. I'm listening," Tony replied impatiently. He needed the evening to end and needed to leave there
"Yes, I'm fine. I was just astonished to see him since so long. Strange, I introduce you to my friend Vishen; Vishen this is Dr. Strange," Steve said.
"Can we do this here?" Steve said looking at Tony and then around him again. But at that moment Tony took his cock in his hands to immediately put it into his mouth, and Steve fell back arching his back and growling loudly.
Tony was in the compound's garden. Some new members were exercising in the vicinity. Steve came over and stood by his side.
Steve began to get closer very slowly, and Tony did not move, he was lost in his gaze. Before long, Steve was in front of him.
he passed out. It was pretty obvious Steve was avoiding him. But the truth was, he really did not want to see him either. It had not even occurred to him to ask about the Cap. Although he knew he also was living there like everyone else. So this was going to be awkward, but the time had come, he thought.
"Hey man, you should have told me you wanted to come. I would have come with you too," Rhodey told Tony, nodding at Steve.
"Tomorrow is the mission. I hope everything goes well. Or at least as it should," Tony said trying to sound optimistic.
While they were walking watching the walls, Steve and Tony separated from the rest walking closely to each other.
"I'd like to see you again," Tony confessed. "I don't know when or where but I would like to see you again."
«I don't think so Tony» said Steve, feeling the emptiness grow in his heart. He knew it was the right thing to do.
"The paintings in the churches are very meaningful, it seems incredible to me how feelings can be expressed, captured in them. Devotion, love, pain, loss..." Steve told him while looking at a painting thoughtfully.
A few seconds later Tony was at his side stroking Steve's back. He still was upside down on the mattress but looking at Tony with a smile of extreme satisfaction.
"Tell me about Peggy," Tony asked. "I remember knowing her when I was little. Back then I knew she was one of the founders of SHIELD. A great influence, a powerful woman. And I also remember thinking she was very beautiful."
"Yes," Tony said without thinking, but then rectified clearing his throat. "Eh, no. You remember..." Tony couldn't remember her name.
Steve really didn't know with certainty why he had chosen that timeline, but he was in Cambodia, in a monastery where war refugees received helped. A year had passed since his encounter with Tony. Now he was in the past again, helping the most in need, as always. It was his story. It really made sense in his life. Being there for others, to break the chain of injustices and protect those who could not do it by themselves. When he said goodbye to Bucky, they both knew he wasn't coming back. There he was working to help people who had no home or family left. However, the atmosphere you could breathe in that place was so peaceful, that did not match with the untold stories of pain Steve knew would have existed behind those eyes.
They continued walking in silence looking to people reading the walls to find the name of their love ones.
Tony nodded, went to one of the sofas and sat down. "Is this a bit strange, isn't it? I have a feeling of Déjà vu all the time. And I really don't know if I like it or it bothers me." Tony thoughtfully spoke looking at the floor.
Tony moans of pleasure were growing in their intensity as his cock was stroked, pulled, and squeezed in the warm embrace of Steve mouth and hand. For an instant, Steve pulled back and looked up at him with a lust gaze to very slowly return to take him all. The second his mouth sucked him again, Tony ground out as the last shreds of his self control receded and he was coming. Steve swallowed every last bit and even licked him clean before pulling off. Then he got up and hugged Tony who collapsed on top of him panting.
Tony felt out of breath. Steve had felt him. He had felt the whole revolution of feelings in Tony heart while he saw him on the screen. And because of that Steve had begged him once more to stop.
Applause and cheers were heard throughout the room. The team accompanied Tony on an evening to celebrate the start-up of the recycling project. Looking for a better world, the government was interested in proposing to implement his recycling plants designs in all industrial companies in the country. If they had to start over, rebuild a new world, what better way to start doing things the right way from the beginning. And Tony could not feel happier, it was a long purpose but he finally achieved it. Among his ideals, it had always been that any process could be done in the most efficient and possible way. Since the clean energy project on his tower, the world had not stopped and neither had he. However, in this new world there was hope, and this time he could accomplish another dream.
Steve sighed, he couldn't lie into his eyes. He distanced from Tony and headed to a window. From there the garden of the compound could be seen. He took a deep breath and repeated the words Strange had said to him.
Tony stood up so he could take off Steve's wet shirt, and Steve repeated the same with Tony's. When Steve opened his shirt, the reactor light welcomed him once more. Steve laid his gaze on the reactor. His hand touched it gently. Suddenly, he realized Tony was trembling. They had spent too much time in the rain.
“You were also my friend, even when I defended him. At that moment, I thought he and I were alone in a world we didn't understand. I needed to help him and so maybe help myself along the way.” Steve took another deep breath and looked at him with an intensity that made Tony felt a shiver down his neck.
In the taxi they were both silent. Tony felt the caresses in his hand entwined with Steve's as he looked out the window. Images of the fight with Thanos came to his mind and he closed his eyes squeezing his forehead.
was the source of Steve air. Tony was kissing him passionately again, and he could feel the heat of their bodies burst with friction. Tony took Steve's hair to get him closer and felt how Steve grabbed him by his pants to bring him closer to his erection. Tony couldn't help moaning loudly.
Tony watched him carefully. That answer was bizarre and unexpected, he thought. When Friday told him he was starting to wake up, Tony was working in his lab thinking about the possibilities of what he was guessing could be true. Then, he went to the cell questioning himself if this should continue being his secret only. But now, this answer wasn't helping much to put his ideas or
"Hey buddy, how are you feeling?" Tony thought that voice was very familiar, and when he could focus his vision, he saw Bruce in front of him.
"I'll go to my room," Tony said, and Rhodey got up from the floor and extended his hand to help him up. "Surprisingly I feel tired," he said thoughtfully.
Tony looked at Rhodey and then closed his eyes with a sigh. He could feel the weariness taking over him and really didn't feel like explaining either. He knew it would be only a few hours before reality hit him very hard in the face. A reality where explanations would have to come to light.
Steve pulled away and went to the bathroom. Tony went to bed and sat down while following in his footsteps. A few minutes later, Steve sat beside him on the bed.
"He is my friend, and I did put my life in danger for him. You would have done it for all of us, wouldn't you?" Tony said starting to get irritated.
"It's OK," replied Steve. "Don't worry, it won't be long before the team comes looking for us. The girls can wait here."
... the words echoed in Tony's head. And for a second his eyes must have said something to Steve, because he blushed and looked down. Absolutely not a good deal if he won, he told himself.
Steve awakened with the noise of a nurse entering to the room. He was on the chair next to Tony's bed. He had stayed up all night watching Tony sleep, but at a moment of dawn he felt his eyes closing to exhaustion. He didn't want to rest, but his body didn't agree with him and at some point he fell asleep. He saw the clock in the room. A couple of hours had passed.
"I don't say it for the past forgotten and forgiven," Tony continued explaining and watched as Steve regained his spirits. "I say it because we are two stubborn fools, and I think we will always argue for something."
«I don't know what to say» said Tony after a few minutes. He was trying to sound sympathetic, but he really was lost in his mind which was working so fast trying to comprehend what Steve had said.
"I must agree on it, and please don't tell anyone I cut myself with a potato peeler," Tony smiled and nodded. He took the first-aid kit and went to the living room.
Curiosity led him to stay there and read the poem. Unquestionably, Tony did only recognize the painting and its author, but the poem...
The thing of having a super soldier as a lover, is how tired you can feel in the morning after an endless night of passion. Tony woke up that morning feeling the heat of Steve's body behind him, and how sore he still was in many parts of his body.
"He is too young, he will get there," Somnang tried to sound convincing. "Someday, I pray," he ended up saying with doubt.
"First of all, it's Tony. And secondly, I need to hear more about that," Tony said smiling and shaking her hand.
«Is it serious? It's too weird, you were such a spoiled child like that?» It was Steve's turn to tease.
"We both know that is a lie, but it is also true that you needed to rest," Rhodey replied smiling as well.
"No, I don't think so, Tony. That would be a conscious act. But I do understand that point where we sometimes get lost and we no longer know who we are. We give ourselves so little value, that our lives that seem to be only agony and pain, become less important than those of others," Steve said with a deep sadness in his eyes.
First there was a silence, as if Steve's speech had touched each of them in the deepest. Soon after, everyone applauded. Tony could not help the way a strange sensation overwhelmed his heart. He had always admired that deep-rooted optimism with which Steve could live his days. He was a born leader, not only with his actions, but also with his words he knew how to reach everyone. He had never met someone as brave as him, a person who fought for the good of all because that was the right thing to do. He was a truly hero, he thought while watching him rapt. But Tony must have been staring at him for a long time because Steve seemed to notice and turned to see him. Before long, their eyes connected to each other, and the room vanished so only the two of them existed. And likewise, after a few seconds the harsh and cruel reality made an appearance when someone approached Steve and stood between them. Better go with Rhodey for a drink, Tony told himself.
"Morning, Cap," Tony said with a half smile. He could notice the worry on Steve's face. The way he got out terrified from the living room had been quite obvious to everyone.
"I love you, as I had never loved anyone in my life," Tony told him and Steve could feel the strength of those words in his heart.
"Perfect, thanks." Tony turned around and went to the basement. It was a very cold night, so a good wine would suit him.
«I will. I promise» Steve replied knowing he did not need to be convinced. He was going to follow Tony wherever he takes him.
"Nebula and Rocket will be here at the end of the month; they contacted." Bruce said trying to talk over Steve and Tony's argument. "I wish Thor would come too. I tried talking to him, but despite having his people safe, he doesn't seem very happy."
“I know, and I am glad our friendship became stronger,” Steve said sighing. “But I want more,” he took a deep breath.
Tony was starting to wake up. He could feel the heaviness in his body, and his eyes didn't want to open even though he wanted to know where he was. His senses began to respond very slowly, and he heard someone's footsteps. He felt so tired and although he insisted his eyes open, they seemed to have their own will and ignored him. Someone was by his side; he could feel a presence. Whoever was there took him by the hand and stroked it gently.
her. But now his mind could not stop recreating that scene, those feelings. He left, ran away and likewise all that turmoil came with him. Suddenly, Tony's quiet heart started to beat faster when he heard a car entering the cabin. It could only be him, he thought. He heard the car stopped and someone stepping out. He did not want to look back. Tony was sure it would be him.
In the city center, hundreds of people were gathered to the tribute. The governor had put a platform from where several people would share some words about that day. He explained all the cities in the country had pledged to place walls with the names of all the people they had lost. It was a way to honor their presence with them. Then, he gave way to Steve, whom everyone now listened to carefully. In the crowd some tears and sobs were heard at his words. And it was his words spoke of an inevitable truth, Tony thought. They would live with the pain of loss forever, but he liked knowing that one day they would learn to live with it. Tony looked at so many people around him who suffered the same pain, and once again he understood the magnitude of what had happened. He promised himself he would live to make the world something better. He would do it. And this time it would not be of protecting it because of the fear of it lost. This time it would be born from that warmth of his heart that united him with everyone. Every creature that lived in this new world will have the right to have the best life.
"God, I think I hadn't slept or rested like that since before the war." Steve got up stretching, and squeezing his eyes. "Sorry, I left you alone."
was not there or maybe because it had to be done fast, planning which one of the stones should be returned first was not much consider. He only knew he had to place each of them in its right place as soon as possible. The journey had begun.
Tony blasted the stones and passed as fast as he could. At the other side, Rhodey and Shannon were trapped with three civilians.
"Is he alright?" Tony asked and saw Bruce look at Pepper. He looked at her too, but she lowered her head and caressed his hand.
"Yes," Steve replied, staring at Tony lovingly. "I've learned to be. It has taken me a long time to get here, but I think I finally understand Somnang's words," Steve said with a soft smile.
The sunlight coming through the window made him open his eyes. It was dawn and Tony had managed to rest for at least a few hours. He got up and left the room. He was surprised to see their room with the door open and without thinking twice he entered. Pepper was not there, but the two suitcases on the floor spoke for themselves. Tony went down to the kitchen and saw Pepper talking on the phone on the porch. He poured himself a cup of coffee he did not drink and after a few minutes dared to go to her. Pepper was no longer on the phone, and she was staring into the horizon.
"Mr. Rogers," he said with a warm smile. "Let me explain something to you," he looked towards the stream.
“It's alright, I understand you. Take all the time you need. I can give you a ride if you need,” Steve replied.
. The word rumbled in his mind. He noticed he hadn't returned home, his real home, his and Pepper's, after all that time. Tony could recognize he had thought about it, but he also had felt he was not prepared to go. Suddenly, he changed his flight course.
Steve, who had sat on the floor, got up and went to the other room. Tony could feel the whirlwind in Steve's heart mixing with his. He made his way to the other room as well. When he entered, Tony tried to close the door a little. It was time for the conversation. When he turned around, he saw Steve with his back to him.
"5... 4... 3... 2... 1... Happy New year!" Everyone screamed, and Steve took Tony by the neck to kiss him deeply. And that was not a chaste kiss to celebrate the end of the year. It was a kiss of passion that spoke of an eternal desire between them.
. Seeing yourself enter through the door. Tony watched himself enter the room without saying a word. Pepper was right, it wasn't his own eyes that saw him. It was Steve.
“How can you possibly know me better than I do?” Tony said frowning. He began passing from one side to another again.
, it would never regain its meaning. The world has returned, and his world has vanished. He needed to move on. He needed to do what he exceedingly knew best; to be strong and help the world. When the morning comes, he will be there for all of them, once more.
«Jesus, Buck. How could you?» Steve smiled and shook his head again. He knew him so well, he thought.
Tony's mind immediately moved to the scene of few weeks ago in the sauna. In spite of everything, nothing had changed between Steve and him. If anything, they seemed to get along better or at least they finished their fights in less time. However, since that day something changed for him. Tony felt like a stupid teenager although he was too old for those behaviors. But sometimes when he was alone with Steve, he felt nervous. His defense mechanism was to talk too much, and despite Steve found funny everything he said, that blessed smile didn't help at all. Steve proximity was noticeable at all times, and many times he felt like the place was hot even when the weather could prove otherwise. What a shame his old self,
After catching his breath for an instant, Tony turned around and Steve immediately took him by the neck to kiss him. At last, he kissed those lips again. He could finally close the distance that separated them in those tortuous weeks. Tony took him by the waist hugging him, stroking his back and groaning at Steve's welcoming tongue that savored him fervently.
«Please, thanks to all of you, for what you've done. I have my family back because of you, because of him. This is the least I can do,» the nurse said kindly.
Tony approached dressed in his black suit and bow tie. He wanted to hide he was out of breath when he saw Steve dressed in a suit. But Nat's mischievous look made him understand he hadn't.
"Yeah, of course, you don't know. I know you pall, and the only thing both of you have to do is say you are sorry and get over it. There are more important things out there to worry about," Rhodey told him.
“And what about you and the hammers?” Rhodey asked Thor "It's getting bigger every time; trying to make up for something?" he joked.
Tony took Steve's hand and nodded wanting to speak, but the words didn't come out. He didn't know what was happening to him. Then Steve did something that caused Tony's heart to beat desperately. When holding Tony's hand, Steve gently stroked it with his thumb while staring into his eyes. And then Tony knew, that day was Steve next to his bed, and it hadn't been a dream. He didn't know why he could recognize his hand and that caress. Steve turned around and left the sauna. Tony again felt the same emptiness he had felt that day.
A month later as Tony had said, the portal was ready. First, they would do a couple of tests before returning the stones. The compound was also rebuilding quite quickly. Gradually everything was returning to normal. They were still in the city apartment and Tony and he missed their home too much. But both wanted to return when they had returned the stones. As for Pepper, Steve realized he had to leave fear behind. She was an important part of Tony's life, and he understood it. Suddenly, he heard Tony entered the dept. He was on the kitchen putting a glass in the sink when he saw Tony approached the counter opposite to him. He leaned on without saying a word. Steve came closer to him, stood in front, and gave him a quick kiss on the lips.
"Yes, and we fought over the TV remote too," Tony said joking. "Look, here comes one of my roommates," he said, pointing to Steve as he approached them. "Have you been introduced to the in-law?" Tony said teasing.
Pepper turned and her eyes were still fighting to hold back the tears. "No, it's better this way. I understand you wanted to stay. I didn't have much idea of what to do either."
“If I am honest, in the first seconds of this conversation, I wanted to think about the impossibility of what you were saying. But after all we have lived, I already believe anything you say,” Tony said defeated. "OK, I'll call Rhodey and tell him to go to the compound," Tony said with a sigh.
«I'll come back,» Pepper smiled again, but she looked overwhelmed and went to the door. She stood there looking at both of them. «Try to rest,» she said with a soft smile.
Somnang put his hand on his shoulder and squeeze him. "You must wake up," he said in his soft voice.
"Apparently this could be the depots," Shannon said. She put a hand on Steve's shoulder to lean on and point the area.
Tony tried to put an offended face, but the mischief in his face didn't let him, "You're throwing me out of my own kitchen," he said, approaching Steve again, "I thought I was helping you," he said innocently, placing his lips very close to Steve's.
"We need to reach the mines from where everything that is smuggled to the rest of the countries is hidden. Most are medicines, but there are armed groups that guard them," Steve continued.
"No, that's fine. I drive," Steve seemed to agree with everything Tony said even though he didn't understand what was happening.
The next day, the flower ceremony was beautiful. Steve really loved that place. The monks explained him the ceremony gives you the opportunity to give thanks, to ask for forgiveness or to seek help with finding health and happiness. Without any doubt, living there brought him an inner peace he didn't think he had known before.
Tony said bringing the beer to his mouth. Suddenly, he heard as if cars were entering the cabin. It seemed strange to him, he had told Banner he would come there over the weekend but he didn't think anyone else knew. He got up and went to  the front door. Getting out of two cars was Natasha, Bruce, Rhodey, Thor and
, he said to himself. Now other steps were heard, and Tony felt a strange emptiness when those caresses and the closeness of whoever was there was gone. He tried opening his eyes again, and now they responded. Everything was so blurred, and he could not distinguish his surrounding. He could only see a blurred figure coming out the door of a room he did not recognize either.
"I know. I want you to have the thrusters ready by the time I tell you." Tony had no idea how he could do it, but he was feeling a force drawing him. As if an invincible thread was pulling him over to where Steve was. That couldn't make sense, but he didn't need to tell FRIDAY where to go. He already knew it. He felt it in his body.
"It can't be for a long time. It shouldn't be for a long time, but I can take you to the previous day," Strange replied.
Tony's heart began to beat faster, and he could feel the lack of air. All of a sudden, he heard steps approaching the room.
Upon arriving at the house, Tony realized he did not have the best memories of Strange's house. The last time he had been there, things had not end well. But better focus on what they were going to do, Tony said to himself. Wong led them to the first floor and after walking various corridors he opened the door of a room. Inside, the rare objects on wooden shelves around catch their attention. There were little furniture and in the center, it seemed Wong had drawn a large white circle with an intertwined star. Some black-painted figures around the circle completed the scene. He and Steve had not spoken a word since they got there, but they looked at each other understanding neither of them had a clue what they would do.
"It's you and me, Steve. I don't think we'll be fine one day," Tony said those words and saw Steve's features sadden.
In the afternoon, Pepper returned to visit Tony. Sam and Bucky arrived just after. Steve knew Natasha had something to do with it. He couldn't adore her more. When he left the room, his heart skipped a beat when he saw his two best friends standing in the hallway. He immediately went to hug each one.
Tony turned to look at Steve who was talking to Bruce. "I could feel him," Tony said looking at Steve. "We have a connection." Steve turned to see him and his gaze wrapped Tony in a pleasant warmth.
Tony stepped back looking at him puzzled, he touched his reactor again and this time the suit covered his face. Through the mask he could see Steve who looked as serene as he felt inside. Tony activated his thrusters and flew out of the compound.
"Maybe I am," Steve whispered again and kissed him very slowly. Tony sighed into the kiss and let Steve caressed his lips so gently that the lightness seemed sublime. Tony stroked his back slowly as he let himself be carried by the sacred movements of Steve's lips. The world made sense because the two of them were there, together.
Sarah laughed softly, "Well, I just received some assignments yesterday, but I think I could take some time out," she said hesitating a little.
Tony nodded. "Why haven't they managed to bring us back to our bodies?" It was too unreal to hear Steve say the words when in his mind he could hear himself thinking.
Tony sat down with Steve's help. He felt his body tremble from head to toe as he continued to breathe hard. Steve stroked his neck and hand trying to comfort him.
Steve smiled glad to see the team talk cheerfully. He and Rhodey were on the bar waiting for their drinks.
"We are so few in this world now, and I mean it literally. Too few to keep that grudge until eternity," Rhodey said emphasizing he knew why Tony was upset.
"Yes, in the basement. You will have fun with my father's cellar. I think no one else ever took a bottle of wine from there," Rhodey said thoughtfully.
At least he had thought about the day, he assured himself. It had to be that day, that day when they say goodbye to each other with a disguised melancholy he now recognized.
"Magic? How can the Avengers help against magic?" Tony asked him, and then realized he called themselves Avengers again.
Steve laughed happily. "I knew you would make it," he said taking him by the neck and giving him another kiss. "You're a genius!"
Then Steve looked at him, and everything Tony said to himself a few hours ago seemed to lose its relevance at that look.
Their lips sealed in a silent pact about love, and their embrace marked in their skins the essence of the other forever. They belonged to each other.
He shouldn't torture himself, he thought. He stared at the ceiling as he caught his breath. Soon after, he began to meditate as the monks had taught him, and so he was able to give his troubled heart a bit of calm. After a couple of hours, he managed to fall asleep again.
Tony knew why he was asking and now he didn't feel sure to show it to him. "I'm fine. We got a little rough..."
Steve came out of his amazement and was able to answer all the questions. "Yes, of course," he said, answering Strange first and then turning to Vishen. "Yes, I know him. He is an acquaintance of my land. I would need to talk to him for a second. Please, could you cover me for a moment?"
Steve was surprised with Tony's fishing skills. Apparently sport fishing, and he did it very well. But still so, they had a cooler box to take the fish. And as Steve promised, only he would take care of cooking.
"You are great man, Steve,” Tony told him with emphasis. “With your invincible integrity and unbreakable principles,” he said teasing him and saw Steve's shy smile. “You're the bravest man I've ever met in my life," he said sincerely.
"Steve," Tony said seeing himself answering to that name. "This is going to sound weird or maybe not, but I'm going to need some of your clothes."
Tony lay beside her, and Pepper kissed him savoring herself. Pepper put his hand in his pants and Tony groaned loudly breaking the kiss. She immediately moved to lower his pants completely. Now she sat between his legs and took his cock in her hands to slowly put it into her mouth. Tony closed his eyes panting. Pepper knew how to please him, how to move her tongue around his head while sucking him hard. Without warning, Pepper stopped and looked at him as she slowly put his cock into her. Tony took her by the waist and gave her a thrust that made her moan. Pepper approached him and they started kissing while their hips moved to please them.
It felt great to return home after those two weeks. Steve watched as Tony loved being there. From the moment they arrived, he looked more relaxed. Steve proposed a walk near the lake, spring was coming and they could use a good walk. They did and spent more than an hour touring their favorite places. Tony was sighing quietly and smiling again. It was true Tony had a great responsibility under his hands if they could achieve what they were proposing. Despite this, it was important he took a break to try to get his ideas in order.
Steve understood they would not talk about what had happened. Maybe it was for the best, he thought.
Tony must have captured his expression, since his next words sounded concerned. «You need to stop doing that. You are torturing yourself, just be here with me» he said keeping his eyes looked to his.
"Pepper, what happened? Where am I?" Tony heard those words were said by an odd but familiar voice. He tried to touch her face but again he saw that hand he didn't recognize.
While Steve was dressing, he heard some hisses from Tony. It had only passed another week, but he was getting tired of not being able to do things by his own. Tony was so independent and proud he wanted to shave himself to only feel he could do something alone. He reminded him of someone, Steve laughed softly. At least the wounds were healing well, he thought. In a couple of days, Tony would receive the treatment Cho had created. Suddenly, Steve turned to see Tony when he got out the bathroom. He had some small cuts but was very happy to have succeeded. Steve approached him.
"Tony," Steve said, unable to move. He was seeing him again. He could have him in front of him again.
"Nope, there's nothing. Honestly, I don't know if anyone cares about shopping for food. I know I don't," he said smiling at Tony.
The rhythm was slow, as if Steve had all the time in the world and didn't care that his cock must ache with the tortuous wait. Tony rocked his hips back to take Steve’s fingers deeper and when he heard Steve's moan, he looked into his eyes, "I need you inside me," Tony said, taking Steve's cock and slowly putting it in his entrance. He was not yet ready enough, but it didn't matter, he needed Steve inside him. Slowly, Tony slid down until he had all Steve’s cock inside him. Steve exhaled a long, tremoring breath while groaning loudly, but didn't move waiting for Tony to adjust.
"Calm down, it's just a prototype I'm designing,” Tony answered him smiling. “But I'm very happy for your enthusiasm," he said satisfied.
Steve smiled and stroked Tony's reddened lips with his thumb, making Tony close his eyes. "I've missed you too much," Steve said with a sigh.
," he could hear Steve's voice compete against his own thoughts. Tony put his ear to the door. His whole body was curled up against it as if only that simple piece of wood was the abyss that separated them. He placed his hand against the door;
"It would never be enough," Steve looked at him deeply into his eyes. "I told you that time and I can say it now.
"Really? That didn't sound weird with your voice," Steve replied with a mischievous smile. "Well, your body demands coffee and a shower. I'll be back in a little while," Steve said heading for the lab door.
"Nothing. But I know I can get him. I've done it other times," Natasha said wistfully. "Boys, please, can you stop now? We could have the meeting, and then you continue fighting of who cares more for the other."
"Steve," Tony said with the intention of explaining himself, but the words were stuck in his throat. "Steve, I need you," he heard himself said pleadingly.
Tony relaxed a little when he heard him. He closed his eyes for a moment and took a deep breath. “Come closer, Love,» he said as his eyes longed for him when he saw him. Steve smile and went closer.
"I wanted to start a new life in a remote place," Steve replied. "I felt if I stayed, I would repeat the story and maybe I should build a new one."
"OK, pall, I better take you to your room. Thor, that's yours." Tony said taking Rhodey and pointing Thor´s room. He turned to see Steve, "Good night, Cap."
«These are tears of happiness. I'm glad to see you again,» Pepper smiled and wiped her tears with her hand.
A month later, finally the trips, the visits to exotic places, the best honeymoon one could have in life was over and they returned to the routine. Tony was with Rhodey, while Steve was going to the compound. When he entered one of the compound's meeting rooms, he saw Natasha eating a sandwich.
"Everything went well, we could stop them. But unfortunately we did it after he had attacked you two. You and Steve." Bruce paused as if thinking how to continue.
"You two can't live without each other. You had not seen each other for a couple of days and have been flirting all morning," Natasha leaned on the wall in front of him.
He didn't want to get away from Steve,  but he had to face reality. Then, he felt Steve hug him from behind. Immediately he took Steve's arms, stroking them until they joined their hands. Tony sighed and felt Steve burying his head in his neck. They stayed like that for a few seconds until Tony felt Steve kiss his neck very slowly. He could feel his hot breath on his skin, and his heart began to pound.
"I'm sorry, that sounded bad. I didn't mean it like... And I used to tell you..." Pepper was speaking nervously.
"Why didn't they do it?" Tony turned to look at him. Steve kept sitting on the bed with his hands clasped looking at him.
Steve smiled. "It was a little difficult the first few hours, but after fighting who we did. It was easy to make the connection."
Steve took it and thinking a little more to answer, or it was the simple act of extending the time of his intertwined hands, then replied «Deal.»
"In half and hour they will be here," Tony smiled looking back at Steve who nodded. "Why were you here?"
"It is difficult. I must fight it every day too," Steve said taking a deep breath. "I told Vision we did not trade lives. Trying to save his, it seems only I have the heaviness of the consequence of my words. Half of a universe gone, because of my decision. We could have destroyed that stone sooner," Steve said with sadness.
Steve knew he had to control his extremely fast beating heart. And the way he was trying to breath did not help in showing a peaceful and serene state. He also knew
"You don't know the way everything around me is spinning right now," Tony said opening only one eye. He didn't want to accept that Steve's presence wouldn't help him feel better now.
When he landed at the door of the cabin, he immediately saw the door opens and Pepper running out to hug him. Tony put his suit away and received her in his arms. They held each other for a long time without saying a word.
"With a hangover; not even in my best moments did I take something as strong as what you gave me," Tony said smiling.
"We meet at nine to start everything and go before noon," Tony explained. "But you must know that already. Well, I don't know how much time would have passed where you are, and maybe you have already forgotten," Tony sounded nervous now.
"It was Rhodey. He needed me to help him with some improvements in his suit. I think it's something from the government, they want to change it," Tony interrupted his thoughts.
He vaguely remembered seeing Loki imitating Captain that time in the tower, but why come to this place? And why only to be walking around? Honestly, this was not the news he wanted for starting the day.
There was a profound sadness behind those words that made him shivers without really knowing why. Tony wondered where all the theories and conspiracies had gone while listening,
Tony kissed him on the cheek. "We're going to beat Daddy this time, aren't we?" he asked as he put him back on the floor. "Give me five." Tony saw him run to Steve who was putting together the soccer goal in the yard with the help of Peter.
"Yeah, I saw," Steve said, "But if you want, we can buy something. I can cook," Steve said with a smile.
She was gone, and he only had her memories left and now those talks. So exclusive and intimate, because they were only theirs.
." What happened next Tony did not expect it. A thrust with great force caused Tony to have to hold back against the cellar with both hands, but now Steve took one of his hands to entwine it with his and support himself too. This made Steve thrust him much harder. His other hand on Tony's waist was tightening him hard until it slightly hurt. Tony was beginning to lose his head while Steve's thrusts became more erratic and faster. He couldn't believe he felt his orgasm so close, without touching himself or being touch. But Steve's thrusts, the force of the tight on his hand and waist, the sound of his groans and gasps that asked for release, excited him to the point of feeling completely overwhelmed and extremely aroused. Steve possessed his entire body. Even when he had started the game, it was Tony who surrendered to him. And so he started to cum while Steve's fervent thrusts continued. "
A general cheering was heard, and everyone began to give each other hugs and kisses celebrating the new year.
-handle me, super soldier?" Tony smiled mischievously as he held himself with his legs around Steve, "Do you know my fantasies too?" He said biting Steve lower lip.
First, they showered and changed, then decided they were very hungry and could use a walk into the nearby town to find a place to eat. Also, soon it was going to be sunset, so little more could be done.
, I love you," and he kissed him trying to show him all that emotions that bewitched his soul and made him feel so alive.
Tony had explained Bruce about Extremis, the advanced form of genetic manipulation created by Hansen and Killian. Bruce's idea was to unite the strength of Hulk with his mind, to become one. And for that, they would inject into Bruce's brain a bit of the Extremis formula and thus achieve the fusion of the two personalities. It was a pretty big risk, but Tony could understand Bruce's struggle, and he felt committed to help him in whatever way he could.
, and when you break them it is OK because?” Tony was fighting with Steve while entering the meeting room. The team was gathering to talk about what they should do next after that day mission.
Each word felt like a stab in Steve's heart. What he feared so much was happening. He could understand it. They loved each other. Pepper and Tony were happy, and they had lived loving each other for so long, until that fateful day. But understanding that didn't stop him from feeling his world was breaking apart. However, he promised himself he would be strong. He took strength, and taking a deep breath began to speak.
"No, Tony, I need you to come to the compound right away," Steve told him. He had intended to sound as calm as possible, but it didn't work.
"The first days I felt an uncommon anxiety like I had never felt in my life," Steve began to explain. "Until Nat gave me a cup of coffee, and I felt I came back to life."
"A beer?" Steve asked Tony who was leaning against a column in the entrance. His gaze lost in his thoughts.
"You know I love you, don't you?" Chandra told him, looking at him with loving eyes. "I love your whole being. Who you are, who you were. I love you completely."
Steve entered the room and when he saw Tony, his heart griped in his chest. He immediately was by his side. Tony was with an oxygen mask, asleep. He seemed relax, peaceful even when part of his right arm, chest and neck was burned. Steve took his left hand a squeezed it.
Steve kept laughing and Tony loved to make him laugh. At that moment Rhodey approached them with their drinks.
«Friday, how are you dear? Tell me something that can enlighten this day, I really need good news to start working.»
«Tony» Steve fixed his gaze on his. «I came here because I needed to see you. I thought that would put an end to my torment. It would be enough to continue with my life. I truly believed seeing you once more would return the energy to my soul, and perhaps the strength my body seems to have lost. I wanted to see you
Tony looked towards the car, and the darkened windows did not allow him to see Pepper. He turned to look at the man and nodded. "Wait a second, please."
"Hey Rhodey! Buddy! How are you? What's going on in your life? Where are you?" Tony replied too fast.
"The three of you sit, right now." Tony heard the girls' mom say impatiently. Incredible the resistance they had to stay awake and keep playing, Tony thought smiling.
Other silent minutes passed, and Tony listened as Steve got up from the floor a took a few steps away. Tony got up too and grabbed the handle. This time, it was a little easier to open the door.
"As I told you, it is a start. Last night it occurred to me it would be a good idea to finish one of the projects I had always been passionate about. Here look," Tony replied feeling great satisfaction while pointing one of his designs.
could make it sound so sensual. Immediately, an overwhelming electricity ran through his entire body, and he had to tell his heart to stop beating so fast. He closed his eyes taking a deep breath. In a few seconds, he heard his steps slowly approaching. Tony did not move from his position and felt he stood behind him very near while his hands took him by the waist to bring him closer. Those arms were slowly wrapping him until his hands rested on his chest, but Tony still did not move. He wanted to enjoy that moment and only feel his presence. He closed his eyes once more when he felt his breathing as he hid his head in his neck. Another seconds later and he felt how those lips he missed so much kissed him softly.
"You can't keep designing improvements to our suits, weapons and jets and not be with us," Rhodey complained.
Part of the night he sat there without moving until the tiredness appeared again. Two storms in one day it seemed to be too much. He got up and walked to the guest room. Honestly, he did not know what was going to happen the next day or how everything would continue after what they had talked. Tony stopped for a moment looking towards their room and sighed. The silence chilled his blood. Even if Pepper were crying, he could not comfort her. As if with that he could compensate the damage he had done. He entered the room and went to bed. His eyes remained fixed in a spot at the ceiling. He had to wait for the storm to pass.
"No, but I am on a difficult assignment. You know, Avengers stuffs" Tony tried to calm down and sound convincing.
The hours passed, and the road became short. Steve couldn't stop a shiver running through his body when the car crossed to Tony's farm entrance. The last time he was there it was one of the saddest moments of his life. Now ironically he had to go with Tony, alive, to the farm which seemed to contain a story that had not yet been told. One that was beginning to be built. Perhaps a divine sign that everything was taking its right course.
Tony brushed with his tongue the spot. "A little kink of mine I still can't have," he sighed in his ear.
Steve licked his lips and shook his head smiling. He helped him dressing and both went to the meeting.
"Will you forgive me someday?" Tony asked fearfully. His voice showed the deep sadness he tried so hard to avoid for so long.
"I have you, Steve," Tony said out of breath. He knew he was touching Steve's prostate, so he focused his thrusts on hitting that spot over and over again. The force and fervor of Steve's orgasm did not take him by surprise when it started. Tony just stroked Steve's cock through it until he was shuddering and trembling against him. This drove Tony into a frenzy, as he shuddered and felt his whole body tightened. He thrust again over the edge of his orgasm, until one last thrust took him to the summit of pleasure.
Tony cleared his throat, “Good morning,” he said, and thought Steve must be very absorbed in his thoughts to not listen someone was approaching. His reaction seemed quite natural, even when it was to tense his body like getting ready for an attack.
"My dreamer," Chandra said stroking his face. "You will, and it will be fine." She kissed him very sweetly and took him by the hand. "Now we go to bed, you need to rest. Tomorrow we will have a long shift,"
the possibility of returning with Pepper goes through my head. As if I want to go back to what I had with her, so we could have a future together. Because a fucking monster stole
Tony repeated over and over in his mind. He would certainly not know what to do now if Steve knocked on the door. "
. He would explain what was happening. He went out to the room and saw himself standing next to Bruce. Everything started to turn around and his body felt even heavier. He heard his own voice say his name, but he didn't understand anything. Everything went black.
. The lust was contained in those lips that kissed him, sucked every inch of his chest and slowly went down to his abdomen. Tony's cock was trembling knowing those lips were getting closer and closer, then Steve opened his pants and Tony closed his eyes excited to know what was coming. However, after a moment, he opened his eyes to see Steve looking at his waist with concern.
"While I saw you asleep there, I couldn't help remembering the first time I saw you like that in the lab," Tony said with a sigh. "God, it's been so long," he stared at the window for a few seconds. "Nevertheless, it wasn't the memories but a thought that crossed my mind what surprised me," Tony paused and took a deep breath. "I thought I could have lived a lifetime in which your face was the first thing I see when I wake up in the mornings. My astonishment was that although the images of Pepper and Morgan came to my mind, however, I could feel in my heart a strange certainty. I would also have been happy...with
Tony would take a bottle of champagne in his hands, and Steve watched him carefully while leaning on one of the columns. Both were on the porch of the cabin. Tony approached him with the glasses.
"I could kill him for stealing my girlfriend that I had days without seeing, but he looks too happy," Rhodey said, nodding at Tony and Carol.
Steve turned him over and took Tony's hands and put it over his head against the wall. Then he bent down, opened Tony's buttocks and began moistening his entrance with his tongue. The simple touch had made Tony groan in advance, but when Steve introduced his tongue, Tony was panting desperately. After a few minutes, Steve got up listening to Tony's huff because of his absence. Soon enough he pushed his cock inside him in a single effort that made Tony cry with pleasure. Steve didn't move feeling the pleasure of being inside Tony again, their bodies joined, all their skin brushing.
"My conclusion is everyone has an opinion on the subject. But they seem more nonsense than anything else," Tony explained sighing discouragingly.
What was that supposed to be? A fucking message from a dead old man? But if he didn't even believe in ghosts!
"I think he was going to one of those meetings today. You know, those support centers," Rhodey said.
Tony took his phone and wrote to Rhodey first. He told him he would "pick him up" because he needed to talk to him. Then he wrote to Romanov and Rogers. For a moment he thought about talking to Pepper, but he knew for sure she would be mad with any explanation he gave her. Perhaps it was better to meet with the others first, and discuss what they could do to help. Then he would deal with the fact of telling Pepper he was once again getting into trouble.
"Stark," said a voice too familiar. Tony turned around and Thanos was right behind him. He didn't have time to touch his reactor when Thanos punched him against the desk. The pain felt real. How can he be dreaming if the pain felt so real? Tony thought on the floor. He touched his reactor twice, three times, but the nano particles did not cover him.
Tony felt lost. He didn't want to hurt Pepper. He loved her. But he couldn't help but want to be with Steve at that moment.
Tony nodded and saw Pepper went up to their room. He didn't understand what was happening to him. He sat on the couch and Rhodey sat next to him.
Tony looked at Steve. “Is everyone fine? I saw the kid,” he asked as if realizing what had happened.
pregnant with my child,» Tony was speaking in a frantic way with a lot of nervousness. «And I dreamed about it, twice. I dreamed she was pregnant the day before Thanos happened, and even a few years ago. I had that rare dream of a crib in a middle of a dark room. In the dream Pepper told me why I could not see them? There was a beautiful baby girl in the crib. But how could I? How could I have known?» he finished saying with exasperation.
Natasha took milk from the fridge, cereal and two bowls from the cabinet. "Do you want coffee? She asked Nebula who nodded. “Some of the gentlemen are kind enough to serve us two cups of coffee?" Natasha turned to them again.
"Bruce..." he heard himself say. He wanted to stay focus and talk, but he couldn't. He wanted to ask Bruce who had been there, who had spoken to him, but the weariness raged again and an intoxicating dream could do more than he.
Tony opened his eyes and turned to look at him. "I remember watching you sleep in the lab while you were in my body. And with just a couple of sandwiches I felt invincible."
, but he didn't know how to tell him. He just stared at Steve hoping he could convey everything he felt. He missed him, this Steve who was the same Steve whom he also desperately loved.
Steve lifted the pillow to crawl under it as well. "Will it make you feel better if I bring you breakfast in bed?"
Work, it was the antidote to all his ills. Tony got up early and went to work on a design that had occurred to him about a weather satellite. After the storm, he felt he should help detect them. He thought something else could be done, something that would give them more time to prevent. Besides, working helped him focus on something. Three days had passed since Pepper had returned to their home and Tony decided to stay for a while to avoid an even more uncomfortable situation with her. That morning she had written to him she would move out, and Tony thought he would not be able to return to the house they shared either. Too many memories would make everything more difficult.
"He insisted on coming, even when we told him he should rest from the trip," Natasha addressed Tony speaking very softly.
"Thank you all for coming. We are glad you are back. Finally, we are all together again," Steve said when everyone stopped applauding.
. Tony heard his name after a loud growl. Steve seemed to lean back strongly against the bathroom door as he repeated his name over and over again. Tony's breathing was getting more and more agitated. Something in his mind told him to leave the room, but his name repeated with that deep desire in Steve's voice did not allow him to move from his place. A moment later and Tony heard his name again after a last groan. He stood still with his eyes closed without moving against the wall. A couple of minutes later, Steve opened the bathroom door.
Tony half smiled. He could feel the warmth in his heart of love for Pepper, and now he felt stupid and guilty for having been thinking about Steve in the bathroom.
For a moment, a memory wanted to assault him, but he focused on licking her cunt again to then introduce his tongue with great force. Pepper arched her back and Tony sucked her clit hard while he introduced two fingers inside her. Pepper began to move to the rhythm of his fingers as Tony exchanged between sucks and licks at his clitoris. When he introduced another finger Pepper took him by the hair encouraging him to continue. Tony introduced his tongue along with his fingers and heard Pepper's very loud moan. He continued to please her while her fluids filled his mouth. One more movement of his fingers and tongue made Pepper take him by the hair again. The erratic movements of her hip and the contractions of her cunt let Tony know Pepper was coming very strongly. A few seconds later, Pepper fell on the bed breathing hard.
"Thanks again. I appreciate all your help," Bruce said with a warm smile. "By the way, tomorrow they want to make a dinner. Nat would say it's a party. Will you be there?
"Will any of the gentlemen deign to take me out to dance?" Chandra asked the men sitting at the bar.
"Don't worry,  and don't turn it over so many times in your head," Pepper said sympathetically. "We'll find a solution."
"You have to,” Natasha sighed. “OK, I will agree to those two visit you. They'll make your day," she said smiling.
"OK, discard these two models," Tony told the AI pointing out the models on the screen in front of him.
It had passed 20 minutes and Tony and Steve were inside the mines taking the workers out of that area. They were attacked but they could contain them. Apparently, everything was going better than they expected or that they believed until an alarm was activated.
". Steve pointed to Tony the sign, and they decided to come inside. It was the town hall, and they were paying tribute to a war veteran of the town who also was the author of a series of books of poems. In the main hall, there was an exhibition with some of the poems and a biography of the author.
At some point they managed to leave the basement, took care of their mess and return to the party. In the end, they stayed more than 2 hours. With so many things to catch up with, and the good laughs at Thor's jokes, they spent the time enjoying themselves a lot. During the whole night they were not very apart from the other, and those not so fortuitous touches they give each other hid an immense satisfaction. Tony bit his lips every time he felt those soft caresses from Steve. His hand on his back, the brush of his body, his closeness to speak in his ear secretly. Even in the car returning to the compound, they were sharing furtive glances that promised the rest of the night would be very entertaining. Tony would not have believed it if someone had told him before. A Steve who could respond to ecstasy before reason opened up the possibilities of many
They set out on foot, and the town was about 30 minutes away. It truly was a small town, but everyone seemed to be on the street spirited by the fair. As they walked the streets, they hesitated for a moment if they would be recognized. However, it seemed no one was attentive to them, and their only goal was to reach the fair square. Tony suggested they went to a place where were roasting meat. The smell made Steve's stomach roar, and he realized he had not eaten a proper meal for quite some time. They entered, sat down near a window, and when the waiter came they asked for a bit of everything. When the food arrived at the table, both began to eat as if there was no tomorrow. Between bites, they kept telling the stories of their pasts and remembered anecdotes of the shared adventures. They also planned it was better going fishing in the morning, and then some hiking in the afternoon.
Neither of them could move from their places, but their eyes could not stop staring at the other. In the course of an instant their eyes went from astonishment, to sadness, to hope, to joy. All emotions contained in a second.
"OK," Steve smiled. "How about we eat something?," Steve asked the rest and they all went to the tables.
Natasha's words finally put a stop to the discussion. They sat reluctantly, and she connected the rest of the team.
"Come here. I help you," Steve smiled at him taking the sponge to bathe him, and Tony couldn't help laughing softly.
Tony received Cho's treatment after another week. He and Bruce even fused the technique a little with what they had learned by making the Extremis formula. In the end, his wounds healed and his skin regenerated quite well. Neither Tony or he talked again about the issue of who should return the stones. However, Steve was totally sure it was a fight between them they were simply avoiding. He was heading to the living room of their apartment when he heard people chatting. Tony was talking to Pepper, but it didn't seem like they had heard him arrive. He hesitated if should enter to the room so he stood stopped about to enter.
" Tony repeated over and over until his cock released the force of his orgasm. A few seconds later, Steve also came with a stifled growl that said his name.
“Please what?” Tony smiled wickedly, thrusting him only with his tongue this time. Steve practically whined, his body shaking now.
Steve cleared his throat and bent down to be at the same height as them. "That's true. Sure, we're boyfriends," he explained, and the scream of joy from the three of them could leave anyone deaf. They began to jump with excitement while Steve laughed watching them. Tony was staring at him.
“Fuck off, both of you,” Tony said storming out of the room, and he could hear them laughing while he was going down the stairs. He found himself with a smile on his face too.
"It's a pretty big risk Bruce, are you sure you want to do it?" Tony asked. Both were in Bruce's lab discussing a plan that had occurred to him.
"OK then it's Natasha, Rhodey and Shannon for this entry," Steve said "Tony and I for this one and Bruce will be on the jet."
«For now, it is only rented, of course with just one call it would be all mine. Still, it's good to try a few days to see how great the country life is» Tony explained him.
They arrived at the conference venue and were received by Blaine. They were among several ambassadors and some representatives of the militia who greeted Steve with great enthusiasm and made him calm down a bit. They sat in a table next to the ambassadors of Wakanda. When it was time to give the speech, Captain America made his appearance, and Steve's words sounded with great fortitude and conviction. It had been a fair vote, Tony thought.
"Because it is an extreme nonsense. Because you can't change the past," Tony told him exasperatedly.
«Do you promise me you'll come back?» Tony asked, trying to sound confident, but in his voice a hint of apprehension could be heard.
"I must agree," Steve looked at him with affectionate eyes. "We must learn from it, but also let it go."
. That was what he was supposed to do, for what he had come down, but his cravings made him lose his mind. Tony nodded. "You're right, we must talk." He armed himself with courage and decided to go looking for him even if that did not seem the best plan right then.
After a few minutes, when they sat at the table, both were more relaxed and decided to believe they could go on without talking about the
"Happy new year, dear," Chandra replied. "Now it's me who needs a beer. We can't toast empty-handed," she said smiling.
"So the super soldier eats like a baby?" Tony said jokingly. "Really? Every 4 hours? Somewhere I heard that said about babies."
"I know. We're so close, but we need to get away a little and see everything again. It will give us clarity," Bruce said thoughtfully.
Tony put a serious face. "Nope, we definitely are going to the lab right now. I don't intend to be in your body for so long." He got up and heard Steve's soft laugh following him.
Then, Tony very quickly opened his zipper and lowered only his pants. "You can do the same or just thrust me with yours on," Tony told him with a hoarse voice, bringing his buttocks close to Steve's erection. And as a perfect response to his naughty proposal, Steve grunted very hard taking him by the waist to give him a strong thrust. Tony had to place his hands on the wine cellar to balance before Steve's strength. It seemed that a restrained beast was struggling to get out and Tony could not be more pleased.
Steve look at him, took him by the neck and kissed him with all the intensity of the love he felt for him. He wanted to erase all doubt, every thought that made him feel so lost and insecure. He wanted to seal on his lips he was Tony's completely. He had Tony there with him, in his arms and that was what mattered.
"OK, that did not work. We'll try the other way," Bruce said trying to sound calm but his frustration could also be heard in his voice.
would believe Steve was Loki. It was the most reasonable assessment for sure, Steve thought. Nevertheless, the crossroad was what to say and do now? He needed to think fast.
They all laughed and cheered on Steve. Tony had to prove Romanoff right. Cap was good with speeches.
for everything to pass," she said pointing out to the girls and hugging the older lady. The other man nodded them silently.
Steve leaned toward him and kissed him softly. Tony felt his heart rejoice; it could not have greater happiness. Steve appropriated of his lips and savored them so ecstatic as if time only existed for that purpose.
"You have an audience," Tony said quietly in Steve's ear. Tony felt Steve resisted turning to look at him because their faces would be too close. He just bit his lip and kept looking down.
"Jesus, Tony, we're on New Year's Eve! No work, you can't steal my girlfriend," Rhodey replied in amazement.
"Oh, sure, will you help him then?" Steve asked him. He knew it was a rather silly question, but he couldn't think of anything else to say.
«Who am I looking at Friday? I could feel offended if you think my kind of fun for starting the day would be seeing the neighbors walking around the park» Tony said joking with the A.I.
«Mm, no. Let's keep this between us for now. I need to go with Pepper but call me as soon as he wakes up».
Later on they were in the Jacuzzi of the bedroom kissing while they drank champagne and ate from a cheese board. The palace's attentions seemed like those of a luxury hotel. Impossible to ask for more of a new year that promised good omens if this was just the beginning. Tony put the glass on the edge of the Jacuzzi to kiss his neck and Steve sighed in pleasure.
«Great,» Bruce said and cleared his throat. «I think I need something from the...I'll be right back,» he finished saying and went with the others.
“I'm glad you are here,” Tony said looking to Rhodey eyes and trying to convey his love for him. He still had his other best friend, he thought.
In the kitchen, Steve took care of the fish. Once there was only cooking them left, Tony offered to help him. Steve did not understand how he could be so disgust of the entrails of the fishes, having seen
They had dinner, chatted a little more and Steve took him to the shower. He made an effort to distract Tony, so to speak, until he was tired. After making love to him, seeing him finally asleep in bed put a smile on his face. Steve stroked his face watching him sleep peacefully.
"What the heck!" Tony said to Wong taking off only the mask of his suit. "You wizards don't know how to knock on the door?"
“I would like you open me the door to your life, and above all, to your present,” Steve said in a serious tone, and Tony knew the light conversation was over.
A couple of months later, they had been invited by the secretary of state to one of the conferences on peace treaties with other nations. The world seemed to start from scratch on everything. New treaties would be established and agreements signed. But not only to defend and protect countries, now it was about protecting the Earth. The Avengers had to be part of the conference and by unanimous vote (or not), the team decided Tony and Steve were the representatives chosen to go.
"OK, so it would be a hot or cold forged hydraulic press?" Sarah asked from the table looking at the plans on the screen.
Tony didn't want to look at Steve, but sideways he saw how he hesitated a little, but accepted Shannon's invitation.
"Mister Stark," said someone behind him. When Tony turned around, he found a very attractive brunette in front of him.
"I don't need a babysitter. I just wanted to come and get some things, that was all." Tony explained knowing that there was no point in what he said if Steve had caught him in the middle of a panic attack.
"Friday, what's going on?" Tony said and unquestionably felt the familiar emptiness that caused Steve's separation from his side.
On the way back to the compound, Tony was with his gaze lost through the car window thinking how incredible fast time had passed. Life seemed to always go on, everything else outside continued, did not stop. And despite that, he felt for a long time his world had become very small. An instant of pain that repeated every day and nothing changed. It felt like an immutable cage with superfluous bars. But from which with his helplessness, he hadn't had the strength to break them or just see them for what they really were. An illusion.
"I'm glad you're back," Rhodey approached them. "I'm sure Steve missed his muscles," he said to Steve who smiled.
After enrapturing their lips of kisses that savored the breath of the other for a good while. They began to take off their clothes helping each other between more kisses and furtive caresses. When both were naked, they groaned intensely at the rubbing of their erections. Tony wrapped his legs around Steve's waist and they moved enjoying the friction. Steve began kissing Tony's neck, licking and sucking it and heard him moan in pleasure. He loved doing that; it was like eating from an insatiable delicacy. Then, he went down Tony's chest kissing him until he reached his cock and wrapped it with his mouth. Tony gasped his name and took the back of the bed with one of his hands while the other stroked Steve's hair. Every lick, every suck left Tony breathless, making him moan intensely and Steve couldn't help touching himself while looking at him.
Steve smiled immensely satisfied and was kissing him. Tony hugged him, wrapped his arms around him. And Steve felt Tony wanted not only his heat, but all of him. As if the purpose was to merge with Steve, so not a part of their bodies remain that were not touching.
"No, it's fine,” Steve told him, looking at him and nodding. “I'm just surprised I fell asleep," Steve said taking a sip of the coffee.
"It would be better if only the 3 of us goes to Sanctus Sanctorum. It is a safer place to do the ritual,” Wong explained them.
He was dipping his tongue into Steve's mouth. One of his hands was cupping Steve's neck when he felt Steve lifted one of his legs so their erections brush. Both groaned at the same time, as if wishing the same. Steve took Tony's other leg and lifted him with incredible ease until he took him to bed. There both continued kissing and began to move their hips to feel even more pleasure with the luscious friction. Tony took Steve's ass to squeeze it and bring him closer to him. Both were moaning as they followed a rhythm that delighted them. Suddenly, Steve rose in one hand to take Tony's cock and give him a stroke, making him cry with rapture. Then he gathered their cocks to stroke them together and both were lost to the pleasure. The precume of both served so Steve's hand could slide around their cocks. Long, slow thrusts sped up, slapping skin against skin. Tony felt helpless under Steve touch. Gasps turned into groans demanding release. The heat between them built higher and higher until both came.
Tony opened his eyes with heaviness and made an attempt to take the mask with his other hand, but Steve took it for him.
A moment later, they broke the kiss for an instant to breathe. They looked into each other's eyes, and none could say a word. They were there, present, for each other. And so their lips tasted the other again. Their tongues once again played the delicious game of hunting pleasure. They moaned, and both sucked the desire to please the other until the reality from which they had escaped returned to their minds.
They were in the party hall of the palace celebrating the new year. The whole team moved there to spend a few days. They were having a celebration in style as only Wakanda knew how to receive the new year. All were dressed very elegantly, there was a lot of food, drinks and the music recreated all the joy contained in the faces of those present. Everyone felt like being with the family and in the bottom of their hearts, they all felt united as one. For a couple of years now, they had come to celebrate the end of the year in Wakanda. And although technically Tony and Steve were on their honeymoon, they could not refuse to come and share with the rest of the team, the family.
"Thank you for everything you do for us," Pepper's father told Tony and then he turned to Steve. "Thank you Captain, for those kind words and for helping us too."
In two days a tribute would be made in the city center to honor the memories of the people the world lost. A year had passed since the disappearance of half of humanity. Tony couldn't help feeling a small stab in his heart.
"Perfect." Tony explained the plan to Steve, and they got on with it. In less time than Tony thought possible, he managed to get them all to the church.
"Thanks, Point Break. Please, call me Tony. Very nice to meet you," Tony smiled at Valkyrie and shook her hand.
“Tony," Steve seemed to warn him, but Tony did not stop. He just let out a quietly affirmative grunt before Steve came down his throat. Tony took it all, pulling off when he was finished licking Steve's still half-hard cock.
Tony looked at him, and he was kissing him with all his might feeling Steve respond to him with the same fervor.
," he immediately heard him say with a groan full of longing. Steve repeated his movement and when he heard his name again, he also groaned with satisfying pleasure.
Tony devoured his lips, sucked them and used his tongue to savor Steve completely. When Tony heard him moan, reality became even more delicious than fantasy. Tony was kissing him hard, hungrily and without realizing it, he had taken Steve against a wall. When he finally separated himself a little to breath, Steve's look of desire overwhelmed him completely. Tony could not wish for more than those eyes to look at him forever. For that desperate breath to join his, so that only
An hour later the team arrived and helped them out. The family once again thanked them for helping them, and the girls gave Steve and Tony a big hug each. Tony could not help but feel a chill run through his entire body when flying over he saw that a part of the family's home was destroyed. The team continued to further help families who were still trapped in basements. They spent several hours rescuing the victims along with the firefighters until they were sure no one was left. Now the hardest part would come for all those families, begin again, but at least they were safe.
«But you didn't. And I give him a week and you two will be fighting as the grandpas you both are,» Natasha told him trying to make him feel better.
He heard Pepper's voice and looked to his left. She was standing next to Bruce and Rhodey. The three of them saw him move and ran to his side.
Tony looked at her and caressed her face. She closed her eyes and sighed. "Sorry for making you go through all this. You don't deserve it," he apologized.
"Always lost in your thoughts, Mr. Rogers," said Somnang, one of the older monks who approached him.
Steve smiled and kissed him softly. "I have reserved your special care for the night," Steve said raising an eyebrow and Tony bit his lip. Suddenly, they heard the puppy complain.
Steve stood in front of him. "You're the smartest and brightest person I've ever met in my life. If someone can achieve this, it's you," Steve told him stroking his face. He watched as Tony closed his eyes to his touch. "But you need to rest, Love. Let's go home a few days."
body. He closed his eyes and felt the blast of heat. Now he would return to his body, and everything would return to normal. He would forget all this and his life would take its course. Out of nowhere he felt a force was attracting him, like he was falling. He opened his eyes breathing hard and looked at himself in front of him, also surprised and short of breath.
After a few minutes, he slid down until he fell on the floor with his head still leaning on the door. He hadn't heard the car start up again, so Steve was still there at the lake. A part of him could recognize that feeling, he thought. But another part of him, which seemed to be the dominant one, spoke him of guilt and remorse.
"Come on, lover boy. You can't be one minute away without you drooling for him," Natasha took him from the arm to carry him back inside.
"Nature teaches us things have a beginning and an end. Yes, it sometimes destroys, but it also cleans. If we lose this house, maybe it is because this house already filled its purpose of taking care of us. And a new house will come to share our family history."
"Your super soldier body regulates your temperature, I know. But don't ask me how or why I know," Tony said, touching his reactor to hide his suit. He stood by his side.
After a few minutes of agonizing wait, Tony and Rhodey were together with Natasha and five civilians regrouping with the rest. The local police, firefighters and ambulances had also arrived at the scene. Together they collaborated to take care of the injured and help with the landslides. They had caught several leaders of the criminal organization. However, the rescue of civilians, although some with injuries, really considered the mission successful.
"We're sure this is going to work, right Stark?" Thor asked Tony worried. They were in the surgery room attending Bruce's procedure. It was a pretty surreal situation they were there to see how the Extremis formula would be injected into Bruce brain. They had to be close in case of any eventuality and Tony was pretty sure there would be one. So far everything had been going pretty well, but Cho had only sedated him.
Steve was watching Tony for a few minutes now, he seemed to be absorbed reading one of the poems. He wanted to think Tony wouldn't realize when he looked at him while he was distracted. But the minutes shortened, and the time he had left with him was so brief. He didn't want to waste a moment. He wanted to create a collection of memories, his own mental pictures that would last him the rest of a life without him. Suddenly, he watched as Tony headed very quickly to the door. He seemed affected by something, but Steve could not understand what had happened. His first thought was to follow him, but without knowing why he instead went to the spot where Tony was reading the poem. He stood in front of it, and thought the painting seemed familiar...
Tony was in his lab reviewing the changes he would make to his reactor. The nanoparticles responded fast enough, but he needed the expansion speed increase a few tenths. It would involve a lot more power, but sometimes a second was literally vital.
He was in a location where he could see the house. Always with a prudent distance it would be safe, he insisted in reassuring himself. It was early in the afternoon, and he saw Happy coming out the house, and that gave him some hope. Maybe
"A group of magicians, wizards or whatever they are called cannot know what happened to us. How will we find the solution?" Tony said annoyed.
he needed for his tongue to take hold of Steve's mouth. Tony felt Steve move him as close to his body as he could. After a moment, he groaned down is his throat when Steve hands clenched tight against his buttocks to bring him even closer to him.
Someone knocked, and Tony saw Rhodey stood on the door. "I'll be here next door, in case you need me," Rhodey said with a smile.
Steve headed to the bar counter saying happy new year to everyone he met as he passed the tables. When he arrived at the place where his companions were, he hugged them and wished for a prosperous new year too. Then, he went to the bartender and ordered 2 beers.
"Congratulations, birthday boy," Tony handed him one of the glasses and came over to kiss him. "Or is it birthday old man?"
"Oh Jesus, don't be so good. It's not like he's going to be traumatized for it." Then those sympathetic eyes stared at him and Tony sighed. "OK, 1 more hour and we go back home."
Tony nodded and when he turned around to go to the door, he felt Steve grab him by the arm and turn him toward him. Those full lips were kissing him again. He had missed them for those few minutes. This time Steve kissed him, and Tony's body trembled at the same pace as his heart. For a few minutes he remained lost to the pleasure of the exploratory and provocative movements of Steve's tongue, until he gasped for air.
Please, forgive me for pressuring you when you had just arrived. I know it must have been days of starving and feeling the despair of being lost miles away without hope of returning. But I felt desperate and we wanted, we tried to solve something that without knowing had no solution" Steve said with sadness in his voice and this time, he did look into his eyes.
Tony, on the other hand, was walking through the exhibition and saw a young couple who stop in front of a painting it seemed familiar to him. He approached them to see it more closely and saw there was a poem too. He could not help hearing them discuss it.
"I'm going to change," Steve said looking at the floor. "See you on Monday then," and left the hangar.
"Well, when I have my body back, I want it impeccable. Or you will see yourself with 30 pounds gained."
Tony flew off in search of the girl's house. As he flew, he felt his heart skip a beat. Steve was very close. When Tony looked down, he saw Steve running up the hill a few meters away. Steve immediately stopped and looked up. A moment later, Tony landed in front of him.
"You had already visited me, and for some time I had been studying many theories of time, but Lang was the missing piece. I think I only did it to bother you. Hey, but in my own defense, was I who discover how to travel!" Tony told him smiling.
At that instant Steve was at the door with two cups of coffee, fulfilling his morning ritual as usual.
The next morning, the team was flying to the zone they discussed the day before. They were around a table seeing on the screen the map of the mines to determine where it was the best place to enter.
"I can't do this," Steve said without turning around. "You don't know how sorry I am for hurting you."
"Impossible to be alone one weekend. Banner, I lost all my trust in you" Tony said trying to hide his smile while shaking his head.
Tony took a towel, dried his face and left the bathroom. Taking a look of the room, he realized he was in the compound. They all were standing, neither seemed to have moved from their positions.
That made Steve almost bite him, trying to avoid the involuntary movement of his own hips. Steve wanted to caress every sensation, every part of Tony's body, to get drunk on him until he felt whole. Then another kiss, more exploratory and provocative, one that appropriated of Tony lips as if they were his. He tasted them, caressed them and even with small bites his mouth made his shiver. Tony had wrapped his legs around him as if bringing him closer was his only purpose. Their hands went over every part of their bodies they could reach. Steve was carried away by the sensations and felt like something burst inside his chest.
Steve smiled again, and Tony realized he needed to see him relax. At the moment he crossed the door he saw his body, but also a worried Steve who seemed not to have given a second to rest.
"We better leave you alone," Rhodey said looking a Bruce who nodded, and they left the room. There was a silence for a few seconds.
As he had promised, Wong was at the compound very early. They were all gathered in the meeting room.
"I need both of you to sit inside the circle facing each other and close your eyes." Wong pointed out the places in the circle and they sat down. "Close your eyes. I just need you both to be relaxed, but aware."
Tony couldn't help to notice how overwhelmed he felt from Steve's proximity. He could feel the heat of his body, the brush of his hands as he cleaned his wound. He realized Steve's height.
Steve softly laughed, and in that moment Natasha came in with the coffees. They discussed part of the plan, and a couple of hours later everyone was ready to leave.
«He needs you, and yes, he is your husband. We know that, but she doesn't,” Natasha said pointing to Pepper that was crying a few meters away from them with her parents at her side.
. Tony felt how Steve tried to take his cock again, but Tony took his hand and put it back on his waist. "Thrust me, Steve, just thrust me hard." Tony wanted to focus only on Steve's pleasure, keep listening to those groans and feel his short breath in his neck. After a few seconds, when hearing Steve's deep gasp, Tony knew Steve's cock had found the perfect nest between his buttocks that would make him come in a few minutes.
Steve laughed so loudly that the candle lady turned to look at him with a scolding look. He took Tony's hand and pulled him out of there, taking him to one side of the chapel to kiss him. They kissed as if it was the first time they did, with hunger, with passion. Deliberately surrendering their breaths to the other until they felt the lack of air.
«OK, you must feel confused now. But in a few minutes you will have to answer some of my questions. There is water and something to eat too.»
. You don't deserve it. You are the most extraordinary woman I have ever met in my life," Tony stared at her sighing. "You were the only one who believed in my heart when no one else did, and I promised myself I would always protect you." As the words came out of his mouth Tony could recognize the answer to his questions. Caring for and loving Pepper had been the main focus of his life. But his heart seemed to whisper about something else. "I want to be with him," Tony said in a whisper. He knew how contradictory his words seemed to be.
Tony now didn't know what to say. He wanted to ask him if it felt funny to take a shower in his body, but then he thought it was not a very common question. "Ah... It feels strange, doesn't it? Being in my body?"
«Tony,» he heard him say and his heart beat even faster, but Tony was certain he should not do this.
Steve arrived in the area near the house. It was very easy to get there because he remembered in detail the road that lead to
. He had missed it, the only resource that made him feel good in so much pain. Tony got up and placed himself in front of Steve.
«How can I Nat? He used the damn glove! Half of his body was burned, and now he is out of intense care room and I cannot see him!» Steve said yelling.
. Where we had planned to be parents, where we loved each other..." Tony said with dismay and fear at the same time.
In the car back home Tony was looking out the window lost in his thoughts. He had Pepper in his arms hugging and stroking him. The distance between Steve and him as the car moved, was marked with every stab of pain in his chest. The hurt that caused to both of them the separation.
"I'm glad you're here with me," Pepper told him and Tony opened his eyes. Tears ran down Pepper's face.
Steve didn't understand much, to say nothing, of what Bruce and Tony were talking in the lab at the time. However, he could see the joy that lit up their faces when an idea seemed to be perfect for everything to work. But also the frustration when it didn't work. He wished he could help more than bring them the materials they needed or help them with small tasks he could understand. But if those two genius minds were fighting a colossus that seemed impossible and they were not succeeding. He honestly did not know what else he could to do to help.
Pepper took him by the hand again. "It was until you opened your eyes and I could see you." She gave him a sweet smile.
"Dude, at least he gave you something. I once gave him some very good ideas about the War Machine suit. And yet it's just Tony Stark's design!" Rhodey said gesturing with his hands as if the name was a sign.
Steve could feel his heart beating desperately. He approached Tony who hadn't stopped looking at him.
Tony took a sip of his drink, and Steve saw those brown eyes he loved so much, looked at him with the same desire he felt at that moment. He couldn't help licking his lip and saw how Tony directed his gaze to his lips. They stood together with the others in the middle of the room waiting for the end of the year count. They were very close looking at each other without saying a word. Theirs eyes showed everything they were feeling.
Steve nodded and went to lean against a wall. Tony followed him and stood in front of him. Steve stared at him for a few seconds without saying anything.
Now he understood why he hadn't woken up at the same time as Steve. Tony closed his eyes sighing. Seeing Steve ran away that way, a thought came to his mind.
