Dean nods and takes another bite of his toast, chewing nonchalantly but internally going into a tailspin at this, trying to come up with what — if anything! — could keep an angel up at night when all is, essentially, right with the world, for once. And as he sits and wonders about what keeps
get to have happy. They’re
Still upset and tired, but now also cold and wet and in pain, Castiel collected himself and his things, righted his bicycle, and walked the rest of the way home gritting his teeth against the stinging ache in his arm.
“Uh, no?” Dean answers, frowning. “How the fuck would I know that, Sam?”
), and says, carefully, “What do you mean?”
he doesn’t
It was Castiel’s deepest wish for Dean to know how beloved he was.
Only, there hasn’t been an “as usual” for six whole months because Cas is supposed to be
His knuckles blanch white in the sheets as Dean takes a needle to the gash on his leg. He chews on his bloody lip, caging the raw sound threatening to tear from his lungs. His leg throbs, and the needle stings, and the cottony pull of the thread through the meat of his calf sets his teeth to grinding. What Castiel wouldn’t give, in these moments, to be able to fix this with barely a thought, as he once was able. There are times when Castiel wonders how he could have let himself become so small. But then Dean will say or do something to make his space in Castiel’s heart even bigger, and Castiel thinks about how his love for this man turned out to be the most powerful force in all of creation.
But Cas’ favorite thing to do, apparently, is climb
“Well,” Cas says, gaze bouncing around the room before settling on Dean, remorseful and sad. “I think it’s time I’d better be… getting back —”
, who have been wonderful and have tolerated my last-minute requests
In all the worlds in all the universes in god’s dominion, of all the Castiels and all the Deans,
. Like it just… is.
Dean stares at Sam and violently throttles the irrational surge of jealousy threatening to rise like bile at the thought of
“Neither did I,” he says in his deep rumbling voice. Dean blinks. What?
He gets out of the car and pulls his jacket tight around him, and heads right back out the way he came in, on foot, taking the longer walk around to the bunker’s main entrance in the chilly December night, inviting the cold snap against his face, the cloudy puffs of air swirling out in front of his mouth. He welcomes the bite of the wind, the crackling sounds of leaves and detritus under his boots, the silvered light of the moon and sprinkling of stars overhead. Welcomes them and takes comfort in their presence, or more, his being here to actually enjoy them.
Shrugging the memory off, unsettled, Dean reaches out and rests his hand on Cas’ shoulder. He’s fucking useless before his coffee, but Dean can manage getting Cas into bed.
Charlie grabs Sam’s arm and tugs. "Sam." She nods toward the door. When she nudges him to leave with her, he goes.
“Hell no, can you imagine me trying to help someone work through all their shit? No, I’m actually responsible for the enlightenment of young, impressionable minds,” he said while getting a bottle of water from the kitchen, throwing a cocky grin over his shoulder at Dean.
“Cassie, man, what are you doing?” he asked the wild eyed man in front of him. His hair was sticking up every which way, dark circles were under his eyes, his sweatpants and t-shirt were rumpled. Cas stopped pacing and looked up at Gabriel like he couldn’t quite place him or figure out why he was suddenly standing in his apartment.
“Yeah, uh, yeah, of course Gabe, it doesn’t leave this,” Dean said, indicating between the two of them lazily. Apparently placated, Gabe leaned back in his chair, reached down to the bottle, and drained what was left before beginning.
The only place open within walking distance is the Gas-n-Sip. It’s a ten-minute round trip for a six-pack of beer, a bag of coffee, canned whipped cream, and two slices of pie in triangular plastic containers. A commercial on the store’s TV prompts a conversation about movie sequels. Castiel volunteers to carry the purchases on the way back because Taylor makes use of her evening walk and Dean ends up busy with the clean up. Again, the familiarity of it all fills Castiel with longing. This time, he lets himself enjoy the domesticity. Walking together is different enough to be worth appreciating. In the past, when he and Dean had ended up under a night sky, they were typically killing something.
cw/tw
"That's a good idea," he says. "Should we... nudge him along inside his brain as well?"
“Ah, so you’re a sensitive guy huh? Honestly didn’t really think that was Cassie’s type,” Gabe muttered mostly to himself while he continued to idly flip through the Netflix options. Dean scowled and glared over at him until Gabriel looked over at him and chuckled, amused, “what?”
The constant beeping is maddening and a bit too much, the scratchy blankets against his legs makes him want to throw them off and move, but the fingers tangled with his where they lay on the bed are better than anything he could have hoped for. Cas cracks his eyes open a bit, glancing over to where he knows Dean is.
“Aw, come on Charlie, you know I only have it around for special occasions. I don’t have a problem or anything. I just like to have some fun now and then,” he said, avoiding Charlie’s glare. “You know; you used to be a lot more fun,” Dean leveled a challenging look at her.
He throws his legs over the side of the bed, gingerly standing, ready for his legs to object, there is definitely pain, but at least he is able to stand on his own, and he will take any small victories he can right now. As he slowly shifts his weight to take a step, blinding pain suddenly shoots down his left leg, the one now holding a majority of his weight, causing his typically sturdy six foot something frame to crumple to the ground with an impressive thud causing Dean to yell out, more out of anger and frustration than anything else. As he lays on the floor his anger flares brightly, his hands searching around the ground around him, finally landing on a half empty plastic water bottle, Dean grasps it, sits up as much as he can and flings it across the room, in turn knocking a knick-knack on the dresser sending it toppling to the  floor, resulting in it exploding into tiny pieces scattering across the hardwood floor. He feels some small satisfaction having caused something else to be lying broken on the floor, in hundreds of tiny pieces, unable to be put back together well enough to form anything resembling what it had once been, just like he is.
“Like tomorrow?” Cas asks, voice low.
Before Cas could lunge at either of them and teach them to keep that precious name out of their filthy mouths, Gabe’s hand was on his shoulder, keeping him planted in his chair. He looked up at his brother who just shook his head at Cas, who slumped back down.
“Cock cage,” he said through heavy lips, eyes practically rolling into the back of his head. Cas’s hand was suddenly gone, and he whimpered in protest.
Dean cuts him off. "It’s done, Sam.
“Mmmmm, yes, but I don’t wanna move,” Dean complained and nuzzled in even closer.
Charlie shoots up from her bed with a gasp. "Woah," she says, shaking her head to clear it. Seeing Dean awake she hops off her bed and hurries over to him. "Get ready for a Fire Swamp scenario," she rushes, knowing that the dream root acts fast. "That dog of yours is with Cas; she’s been tracking you. I had to hurry things along to keep it within one day."
If he’s completely honest he knew he was gone the moment Cas entered that old abandoned barn, sparks flying, gunshots ringing out, brilliant blue eyes, tousled dark hair and that god awful trench coat Cas was far too attached to. Dean will never forget when he plunged his knife into Cas’ chest. The fucker had glanced down at the blade impaling him, pulled it out and dropped it to the floor unceremoniously and then literally smirked back up at Dean, amused. From that moment Dean had only been lying to himself. He’s in love with Cas, and has been since day one.
“God he’s such a sweet asshole,” Dean muttered, even more enamored with him somehow.
“Ple-please, Castiel, I-I can’t, please ju-fuck,” Dean begged, practically jack-knifing off the bed as the vibrations were increased once again.
“You’re an asshole, you know that Cas? What the fuck did I do to you?” Dean yelled, and if heads turned to look at them then good; he wanted to cause a scene, wanted to call attention to the man apparently holding him hostage for whatever reason.
When Dean finally felt Cas nudge the back of his throat, he willed himself not to gag and attempted to pull in large lungfuls of breath, knowing he soon wouldn’t be getting any. Cas paused and allowed Dean a moment to calm down and relax before he pushed in further, cutting off most of Dean’s ability to breathe. He locked eyes with Castiel and hummed contently as the tears began pricking the corners of his eyes.
Then, Dean blinks and shakes his head. His brows crease and he pinches the bridge of his nose. "We should— we should let you get back to work. Come on, Tay." Dean whistles low, turning toward the door. Taylor whines but follows.
on how he wants nothing more than just to hold him while they spend the rest of their evening on the couch with their arms around each other, thank you very much. Definitely not going there. Nuh-uh.
"Yes, I’m fine," Castiel blurts out when he remembers Dean asked him a question and racks his brain for an excuse. "My mind is elsewhere because of...work."
Dean finished the water as he slowly got up off the couch and made his way down the long hallway. He stopped to use the bathroom, splashed some water on his face and swished some mouthwash around his mouth before going to check on Cas. The man was huddled under a pile of blankets and looked small in comparison. Dean crawled carefully onto the bed next to him and immediately noticed the intense shaking moving the entire bed.
Dean closes his eyes, took a few deep  breaths to steady his wandering thoughts. Mentally at least; physically he’s still dangling a few inches off the ground. Blood slowly dripping down his arms from where the metal cuffs around his wrists had cut into his flesh, the ache in his shoulders dull but constant. His fingers, which had previously been plagued with a sharp tingling sensation, are now simply numb. He knows that isn’t a good sign and probably indicates some significant damage, but he’s not overly concerned with that as he has very little faith that he’ll get out of this intact.
He dug around in his drawers and found a sewing needle, not the best, but it would work. He went out to the kitchen and grabbed a lighter and an ice cube. He may be a badass, but he still didn’t like pointless or unnecessary pain. When he was back in front of his bathroom mirror, needle sanitized and lip properly numb, he took a steadying breath, pulled out his lip, and plunged the needle down right where the small scar was. He aptly switched out the needle for the small silver hoop that looped over his now slightly swollen lip.
That was what he was doing now. He had snuck out into the chilly evening, pulling his sweatshirt a bit tighter around him, wishing he had put some shoes on. It was cold, but not cold enough to drive him back inside the suddenly too small apartment. He walked over to the thick black metal railing that Cas had claimed was there for safety when Dean had made a snarky comment about it last time he was visiting.
*******
“I’m also asking you to literally take part of me, my very essence, not only as a reminder that you have me completely, body and soul, but because you’re the reason I want to give that part of me up,” Cas calmly explains, a fire in his eyes, he’s more sure of this decision than he has ever been about anything.
Working from home translating ancient texts gives Castiel ample time to obsess over the morning's exchange. Too much time, if he's being honest with himself. He keeps drifting back to the window, hoping
“There,” she finally said and tossed the phone back at Dean as he exhaled a large puff of smoke and handed the end of the joint back to Charlie. He grabbed his phone and pulled up the message Charlie sent.
CW/TW
“Ah, so was your dad in the military or something? Was that the cause for the moving?” Cas asked, head cocking slightly to the left. Dean let out a humorless laugh that was maybe a bit too loud, forced.
Castiel immediately started weaving his way through the mass of sweat covered bodies, shoving past people who didn’t seem to realize, or simply didn’t care, that he was there. He finally found the source: one very large man currently loomed over a smaller man who laid on the sticky floor, knees pulled up to his chest, arms covering his face and head, but still somehow managing to spit out a myriad of insults at the man who was doing his damndest to rearrange the prone man’s face and internal organs.
A second later, Dean’s voice echoes out saying,
Castiel opens his eyes and looks over to Dean—the real Dean. The Dean who speaks in pop culture references that sometimes go over Castiel’s head. The Dean acts like a child at times but also cares so deeply about those he loves. Cares about the whole world… cares about Castiel.
Dean shook his head, “Castiel, he’s uh, he’s in there as, fuck, Castiel,” Dean panted out. Bobby nodded, spotted the name and brought the phone up to his ear as he walked away.
Cas leaned over and caught Dean's lips in a gentle kiss, trying to express his thanks, but still worried that the more the man found out about who Cas really was, the more likely he was to run, or worse, be taken from him. For now they held each other close, content to just enjoy this moment together in the darkness.
“Hmmm, I don’t think so, actually…” Cas trailed off and he clicked the vibrations up yet another increment as he resumed trailing kisses across Dean’s neck and down his back, nipping now and then, sucking bruises into his pale freckled skin as he went, leaving a trail in his wake.
"You’re hesitating, Dean." The Empty turns, dropping Castiel to the ground, and starts towards Dean. "You don’t have the guts."
But… he did say it. Perhaps not at this moment, but in the past…
“While I do love punishment when needed, I would much rather have fun tonight, don’t you agree?” Cas asked as his finger began its maddening teasing again.
"Gotta take a leak," Dean sighs, patting Castiel gently before standing. He walks into the hallway that leads to the bathroom, ready to just sit and sulk for a minute or two. It’s when he clicks on the light that he notices his bedroom door is open. The tungsten yellow light reveals his dog staring out of the window, facing away from Dean.
And just as luck would have it, Dean turns and locks eyes with the man in the window.
Charlie came out of her room, yanking a sweatshirt over her head and giving Dean a calculating look, then apparently realizing something. She walked over and sat down next to him gently.
"True, Dean does appreciate the simple pleasures. But that's not what I'm talking about." She gestures circles in the air, indicating the house and beyond. The world around them. "The suburbs, really? That's not Dean's happiness. Why are you two in separate houses? There's something you're not telling me, Castiel."
-prescription drug use (not following recommended dosage)
His question only earned him a noncommittal grunt and eye roll. Cas let out an exasperated sign.
supposed to take medication? Is he… hurt?
“What the fuck happened between you two anyway? Suddenly you just hated each other, after being connected at the...well, practically everything for a majority of our time at this school,” she asked innocently. And it was a valid question, no one really knew what happened between the two of them. As far as everyone knew, one day they just stopped talking.
“I have no idea what you’re talking about,” Dean responded innocently.
Dean slowly made his way up the few steps to the entryway and leaned down to grab his worn, old boots, frowning at them as he pulled them on. He didn’t bother to lace them up, instead he stuffed the laces into the boots and straightened back up. He was then promptly shoved into the still closed door, Cas’s body pressed against his, one of his large hands gripped Dean’s chin firmly while the other moved to lay solidly against his chest, effectively holding him in place.
When Dean groggily blinked awake his head started pounding almost immediately. He groaned and rolled over onto his stomach, burying his face into the cushion below him.
Cas is a less than patient patient
Alastair finally releases Dean just as the black spots start to take over his vision, just as he stops struggling, just as he comes to terms with the reality this might be how his story ends. Dean somewhat ungracefully slides down the wall, making his way to the damp floor, legs splayed out awkwardly under him, his sole focus on trying to suck in as much oxygen as humanly possible. He hacks and chokes as he tries to even out his vision again. As his breathing steadies, he starts attempting to put everything together, trying to figure out what the hell had gone wrong, how Alastair had gotten unshackled and taken him by complete surprise. Dean was better than that. He had been trained better than that, knew not to let his guard down, ever, but he had, and he would clearly pay for it now. Before he can come up with a plan to escape, his head is yanked backward by a hand in his hair, dragging him along. Dean can only imagine how completely and utterly panicked and pathetic he looks, being pulled across the dirty floor, legs flailing frantically, hands gripping the arm dragging him along desperately, trying everything he can to not be at Alastair’s mercy again, to not be this demon’s plaything one more time.
"To be fair, Dean is still Dean Winchester."
“Yeah, okay. I think I’d like that, we could get something that needs some work maybe, make it our own,” Dean asks, voice shy and almost timid.
As Dean slowly starts coming back to himself, he’s sure he’s dead. He’s going to wake up in heaven or maybe even hell again. He can just barely hear a voice in the distance, but he can’t make out who it could possibly be or what they are saying. They sound about a hundred miles away so he allows himself to drift back into the black inky comfort he’s come to appreciate.
Gabriel did his best to make sure his brother stayed hydrated, forcing him to drink water and, when he could convince or overpower Cas, a protein shake or something with electrolytes. Cas tried fighting against any and all help, but Gabriel managed to get him to drink a bit of something every so often. Cas was a sweaty mess who could hardly keep anything down: food, liquid, it didn’t matter. The man needed his electrolytes and Gabriel was going to make sure he got what he needed, or he'd drag him to the hospital, which Cas absolutely did not want.
Cas’s mind was spinning, he knew people had had problems when it became public knowledge he was with another man, but it was also known that he had been with plenty of women too. Maybe that made it more palatable to the men surrounding him at the time? He shook his head, trying to clear it.
Cas complied, meeting Dean's eyes in the darkness of his room.
“Stay put,” he admonishes, turning an expectant look on Sam. Castiel grumbles but doesn’t disagree or complain, which has Dean’s anxiety climbing through the roof.
“I didn’t– I didn’t
as the world tilts dizzily around him. Drifting in and out, Dean tells Sam the things he’s always meant to say but never could manage, ready to finally be done with all of this, to rest. To let go. Yeah, he’s free, but he’s so. goddamn. tired.
“Throw those on,” Dean tells him, nodding at the bundle in Cas’ arms. “I’m gonna go get a cup of coffee, and you’re gonna sleep.”
“This isn’t my fault,” he said with a frown, gesturing to the sunflowers on his shoulder, now a rich, buttery yellow, their dark centers a perfect earthy ochre. Curling, viridian leaves framed the flowers and made Castiel think of the warmth in a familiar embrace.
He looks over at the column of light, now sparking out into darkness, and sees Castiel lying in a crumpled heap at its base.
Dean raises his eyebrows and takes another slow drink. When he cradles his cup between his palms again, Castiel continues: “Since Chuck is… set against us now. Or we’re set against Him, however you want to look at it. We should be glad there are forces in the universe – in all the universes – that can restore our family like this.”
“Angel.” Sam deadpans.
“Nothing, obviously,” Dean fires back. He lifts his shoulders in a helpless shrug and goes quiet, chewing on his bottom lip for a long time. His eyes flick to Castiel’s and then away. He shrugs again, gaze keen on his hands wrapped around the chipped porcelain mug. Voice low and raw,
Dean looks over at Sam, eyebrows raised. He glances around the empty war room, wondering what could have prompted this, then back to his brother, who is casually flipping through a dusty tome that looks like it moonlights as a murder weapon. A few silent moments tick by, Dean eyeballing Sam expectantly, Sam pretending that he hadn’t even spoken a second ago. Typical.
“Extremely,” Castiel deadpans, and Dean huffs a laugh.
“None of your business, Sammy,” Dean snaps as Castiel says, “That’s between me and your brother, Sam.”
someone is
Castiel opens his eyes.
“Not yet,” Castiel muses, tracing his eyes, sensual and slow, over Dean’s face. He pushes impossibly closer, and
implied panty kink, post-series, ignores the events of 15x19 and 15x20, a fix-it of sorts I suppose, Cas POV, Dean is Bad At Words, fluff, getting together
“‘The bite,’ Jesus, Cas, what–?”
Dean can actually feel Castiel smile against his skin. “I love you,” he says, soft. “So very much.”
“Dean, you’re telling me this like I’ve never had a beer before in my life,” Sam grouses, eggs disappearing with alarming rapidity.
Yep, this stupid piece of rebar is the thing that’s done Dean in, and he’s hallucinating as he stands here bleeding to death.
He’s seen Cas do it before, it’s not like this is the
“Hello, Dean,” Castiel replies, testing his weight on his arms and pushing himself awkwardly to sitting. His limbs feel impossibly heavy, and there’s a throbbing ache behind his eyes. He presses his fingers to the bridge of his nose, and when he looks back at Dean, he’s met with a worried pinch around the other man’s eyes.
– then it became real, and if it was real it could be exploited, it could disintegrate, it could be
“Don’t forget,” Castiel chimes in, trying a sign or two himself (and much more gracefully than Dean, if he’s being honest), “Dean can also be convinced if he’s feeling particularly aroused–”
But Dean didn’t get to have nice things. Cas saved him. He fell for him, and they met somewhere in the middle, only Dean was too frightened to let the parts of him he thought were delicate and vulnerable out into the light. If it was all out in the open – if he admitted it to
“Fuck me,” Dean mutters. “Okay, great. Cosmic scotch tape, got it.” He can feel his temper straining to be let loose. “Can we move him? Can we take him home?”
They’re certainly not the sort of best friends who sit around braiding each other’s hair and talking all about their feelings, so Dean thinks it’s totally possible there was nothing romantic at all in what Castiel said to him when he summoned the Empty. Just. Just a bro, telling his best bro how much he means to him before he kicks the bucket. Like the last time Cas thought he was dying. He’d said “I love you,” but then he’d said it to
quickly, focusing again on the movie. Dean wishes he could ignore the way his chest tightens as Cas leans away from him, the unpleasant roll in his gut, but they’re both so sharp and immediate it proves impossible. He spends the next twenty minutes hoping Cas will lean back in, and then the remainder of the movie berating himself for hoping anything because, c’mon, it’s
“Hell yeah, Sammy,” Dean says, approving. “Startin’ this shopping trip off the right way.”
love with me?” Dean blurts out, because he realizes if he lets this play out the way it did before he’ll never forgive himself.
connecting their hearts give a warm, solid tug.
Castiel looks down at the intricately knotted bracelet and reaches for it slowly. He cups it in his gloved hands in stunned silence and Dean can feel his insides squirm.
“If I thought — if I said I thought Cas’…
It’s even
A small part of Dean ached to tell Sam about this crucial piece of him, this very private, huge, terrifying thing Dean knew was inside him, alive and inquisitive. But the rest of Dean, the part that said
“Please,” and now Castiel’s voice is barely above a breath. This close, in the dark of the bedroom, Dean can just see a sheen of tears trembling on his lashes, and it breaks something open inside of him, a final barrier crumbling away in a sudden, sublime sweep of emotion. An explosion of butterflies take wing in his belly. His pulse is beating hard in his throat.
Hesitating only for a second, Dean crouches in front of Cas and lays a hand on his shoulder. When Cas raises his head to peer over the tops of his knees, Dean smiles, a sudden rush of relief pouring through him and untangling all the knots inside him. “Okay?” he murmurs, because anything more specific he can think of to ask would have too frightening an answer. Some unreadable expression passes through Cas’ face, but he nods minutely, eyes only for Dean.
Sam huffs a laugh. “Uh, yeah, Dean. End of the hall, stairs go down into the showers and up into the greenhouse?”
It takes a little longer than he’d like for the coffee to brew just because he’s impatient to feel the brain fog lift away, but it gives him a minute to collect himself, and once he’s got a steaming mug doctored up the way he likes, he’s walking back to his room feeling much calmer than he had heading out of it.
One Friday Dean takes Cas to see a movie in the theatre, where Cas insists they share a bucket of popcorn. He even holds the bucket in his lap, classic movie-date move, except Cas has never been on a real date in his life so Dean can’t read too much into it. Their thighs press together in the dark, and Dean ignores the way the contact makes his stomach start doing an acrobatic act. Cas leans over to ask Dean a question, but the words are lost in the sensation of Cas’ warm breath on his ear.
Dean blinks. “We have a greenhouse?” is all he can think to blurt out.
my need for validation with such patience. Thank you so much, darlings!
The ashes from a human body look nothing like the ashes of a campfire, he thinks as he loosely opens his fist and looks at the dust in his hand; instead, they were stone, bone, and sand, crunched together and pulverized to powder. Dean hates that this is all that’s left of his best friend. He hates that their life demands this kind of end, to prevent anything untoward happening in the afterlife. He hates that he has to do this at all. Cas was supposed to – to
“Can I kiss you?” he asks, voice shaking, the impulse sudden and unexpected and intense.
follow this prompt? I dunno, I was even watching TGBBS for inspiration and to get in the mood (and of course, now I want every baked treat known to humankind), and this is what came out.
In his ear, Sam hums thoughtfully. “Just a sec,” he says, and Dean hears Sam kill the engine of his shitty little Prius. While he waits for Sam to get in the house and come back to the call, Dean pulls Castiel away from his shoulder. The dragon squirms in his grip, fighting to get back, and Dean says softly, “Take it easy, I’m just gonna get my shirt off.”
Shit. Whatever remains of his manly reputation is going to get wrecked by a dragon that fits inside of a coffee cup.
Dean comes slowly to the tops of his knees, a barely noticeable pause making Castiel’s stomach twist pleasantly, charmed by how carefully Dean approaches him. He gives Castiel an unreadable look before he digs a hand into Castiel’s sweaty hair, plants the other on his thigh and kisses into him as though he’s done it a thousand times before and he knows exactly how much Cas will resist him, which is to say: not at all. Dean licks along Castiel’s lower lip, gets caught on the raw patch there, sucks it into his mouth and draws it between his teeth. He drags his hand from Castiel’s leg to his hip to his chest, lingering over Castiel’s runaway heartbeat, gliding it gingerly along his throat and into his hair. He bites down, careful, and pulls back, eyes open and on Castiel, sultry.
“I dropped it,” he agrees, but he shakes his head. “I don’t know what happened. And then I knocked the cocoa off the counter, too.”
Yeah. He thinks about that zing of recognition in his belly when they’d kissed, and Dean knows more profoundly than words can say just how far gone he is on Cas.
, Cas. I see you just fine.”
It starts when the goddamn barista makes him the wrong coffee.
“Dean,” Castiel interrupts. “Please shut up.”
“Yes,” he says. “I’d like that.”
When Cas steps down into the kitchen Dean glances up. Their eyes meet and Dean offers a weary smile. Castiel seems to take this as permission and sits down to join him.
“I don’t, either,” Castiel says gently. He looks down at the bracelet and runs his fingers over the interwoven pattern. “It’s beautiful, Dean. Will you help me put it on?”
“I, the injured party, also know what’s going on here,” Cas interjects, and Dean thinks he must be
“Jack is very serious about not interfering with affairs on Earth,” Cas says, still regarding Dean earnestly. “He made it clear that this extends to all of the Host. When he wouldn’t step in to save you, I —” A flash of naked pain crosses Cas’ face. He blinks and it’s gone, and he’s staring at Dean, challenging him to interrupt or refute what comes next: “I couldn’t let you die like that. It wasn’t
“Don’t worry, Cas,” Dean murmurs, just for Castiel. “I’m gonna take care of this. Gonna take care of
what Sam said last night (was it really only
“I hate to ask something so cliché,” Dean says, leaning closer, “but do you come here… often?”
“Sam?” Jack’s voice echoes down the hall, footsteps growing louder as he approaches. Everything is starting to come at him from far away again. Dean feels like reality is going to splinter apart at any moment, and he’d fucking welcome it because nothing makes sense anymore, anyway.
With a soft laugh, Dean carefully lifts the mug out of Castiel’s hands. “You got it, sweetheart,” he says, and an expression of true joy comes over Castiel’s face. Dean doesn’t even blink at the price tag. He just hands the mug over to the young woman behind the table in the booth, happy that he could make Castiel happy. That he
~ “Hymn to Persephone” by Craig Arnold
His head throbbed and his right forearm felt like it was on fire. Cold raindrops spattered on his face, trickled into his hair, tickling him. After laying deliberately still for a good long while, Castiel could take a full breath without it hurting. But when he tried to push himself up, pain flaring like a shot up his arm, making him hiss and clench his teeth. He clutched it to his chest, and looked down to find his right arm a mess of blood and dirt, pebbles and grit mashed into the gash running from wrist to elbow. It looked bad. He was probably going to need stitches.
He’s gone, and there’s no way to bring him back. They still don’t have a clue what happens to angels when they die. They don’t have souls. For all Dean knows, there’s nothing of Cas left to bring back, anyway.
“Thanks,” he says, quiet and pleased.
“Right, so, maybe, um. Maybe Cas didn’t want any of the other nests you made. Because he thought your– your epic mug collection… and your pastries… and, and Baby’s keys… I mean, they’re so shiny, dude! Were the nest?”
Dean reaches for the chunk of amber dangling from his neck, wraps a hand around it, and
“I love you so much,” he goes on, brushing his thumb over Castiel’s trembling lower lip, words coming to him easy as breathing. “And nothing would make me happier than spending the rest of my life showing you how much.”
This in and of itself wouldn’t be so peculiar, Dean thinks, but now Castiel clings to Dean with something akin to desperation, from the moment he gets home to the moment he leaves for work in the wee hours of the morning. He gets agitated if Dean leaves him alone, even if he’s only going into the next room for a second. Once Dean just gets up to
things to Dean, especially considering what that belly looks like
“I see.”
He turns slightly in his chair, dragging the book of spells towards himself and setting his coffee mug down on the desk. As he starts flipping through, hoping to find something Cas can use, his chest swells with gratitude and he closes his eyes.
… he knows exactly what his first choice needs to be.
Musing, Dean picks up his coffee mug. It’s not really anything special. Just colorful. And he guesses it’s kinda shiny. He doesn’t see how it would fit “fancy” criteria, but apparently Castiel thinks it’s perfect, so. Dean’ll just have to get a new favorite coffee mug.
was meant to reach him in this oblivion. He knew these echoes were merely reflections, imitations, pale spirits where once there was living flesh. It was the darkness and the Empty and the all-too-sudden absence of sound playing tricks on him.
, Dean thinks, but doesn’t touch any of Cas’ growing hoard).
In the suffocating silence of the Empty, his anguished cry of “No!” pushed back the invisible blanket stifling him, chasing its remnants into the distance and away.
Castiel is nowhere to be found.
Shuffling down the hall, Dean faceplants into his memory-foam mattress with a groan. He plugs his phone in, makes sure his alarm is set, and has a moment to think about how big and empty his bed feels before the day catches up with him and he falls asleep, exhausted.
They stare at each other for a long moment before Dean sighs and looks away. He’s starting to realize he knows next to nothing about dragons and that maybe some research is in order. And also, he might as well just let the poor thing stay inside, since it appears that is where it wants to be for now. Who knows, maybe it’s too cold outside for dragons this time of year? As they move further into October, the temperatures at night will continue to plummet. Dean hates to think of the dragon shivering under a leaf somewhere in the middle of the night. Plus, Dean reasons, if he just lets it stay inside, he won’t lose precious morning time getting ready to go to the bakery by taking it back out to the raspberry bush, which the dragon seems to actively dislike, anyway.
Dean shakes his head again. He chews on his lip before finally blurting out, “They’re mine, okay?”
Needing to be up this early
him. Weird that a dragon – really,
“The fuck…?” he grumbles to himself, pulling the carafe of hot coffee out of its holder with his right hand and steadying his mug on the counter with his left. He looks down into the mug and yelps, surprised to see something white and
of what happened, man!? You’ve been out of the Empty this whole fucking time
It takes a bit more work and a great deal more of Castiel grumbling, clumsy and unhelpful, but Dean wrestles the trench coat off and drapes it over the back of the chair at the room’s lonesome desk. He pushes an unprotesting Cas onto his back and pulls the sheet up over him, willing his face to stay blank as Cas continues to stare at him.
Sam shouts, turning towards the door again.
Creedence shirt?” he accuses.
“Yes. We are bound, you and I.”
for chrissake, but Dean couldn’t shake the gnawing fear in his stomach that somehow this was all gonna go sideways, and fast.
“Yes, you are,” Cas says in that dry way of his, and Dean laughs. He’s happy. Like, really happy, happier than he ever thought he could be, than he would even let himself
? So what if there’s a part of Dean that is wholly, unequivocally terrified none of this is real?
“‘Huh,’ what? You’re not gonna what, Dean?”
.” His right cheek is bright red where it was smashed flat against the table and it makes something warm bloom beneath Dean’s ribs.
Dean chooses to ignore the implication and says with a smile, “Sammy, you might not wanna give me a blank check in the being gross department. I’ve got
Also, this chapter is
, dammit.
– ignited the tiniest spark of hope in Castiel’s heart.
, but let’s just say his name is Sam and he should be cautious around his shampoo for the foreseeable future.”
“Yeah, yeah,” Dean says, “laugh it up, Chuckles.” He rolls his eyes. “And here I’ve been
Dean starts imagining all the ways Cas might finally do it. He’d seen Cas kiss Meg that one time, and boy howdy, did that passionate sort of
He cuts himself off and tilts his head to face them now, catching Jack’s eye and holding his gaze. He knows. He
“You dropped it,” Dean snickers. Castiel narrows his eyes.
The universe did not want to indulge him that day.
“I’m serious, you guys. It’s
“I–” Castiel licks his lips and says intelligently, “What?”
“Um.” Dean shuffles his feet, annoyed at feeling so flustered from a
The white dragon lifts its head and blinks up at Dean, clearly sleepy. Dean does smile, this time, thinking that the dragon seems to like getting up about just as much as he does. Still, wild friends are
So of course now I've slept on it, and at first I was just... numb, but now I am
where his next meal is coming from, Dean thinks with a roll of his eyes), but he stops every now and again between bites to fastidiously clean his muzzle. Every time he bends to reach his face with his forelegs, Dean gets stuck watching how careful Castiel is with teeth and claws and tongue. It’s stupid, but he thinks he could watch the little guy clean his adorable freaking face
. It’s merely dormant, simmering on the backburner until someone comes along and cranks that bitch up to a boil. And someone will, sooner or later. Sam, wanting to talk about how Dean
There’s quiet over the line. Dean knows that Sam knows that Dean’s really on his best behavior here.
Dean knows he could just
, c-u-m cummings, gimme a break! Any sixteen-year-old woulda been curious.” He then adds, teasing: “Besides, you knew all of that was in here, buddy.” He untangles himself from Cas’ hair to tap at his own temple. “You knew
Cas is grouchy and irritable, growling and snapping at Sam when he comes over for video games that night, giving him an unfriendly snarl when the Moose greets Dean with a hug at the door or any time he makes casual contact with his brother. Castiel spends the evening with his body curled around Dean’s throat like a living collar, alternately hissing at Sam in warning and poking his nose up into Dean’s chin, delicate tongue flicking out to barely kiss the skin there.
Deciding he needs a goddamn drink for this, Dean goes to the kitchen to retrieve the first of several six-packs he dropped there on his way in earlier.
“You’re gonna come back with us to the bunker?”
“Shit, Cas,” he says, jumping a little and turning in Castiel’s arms, “we need to get you a bell.” Dean hears himself and shakes his head. He’d never thought of it when Castiel was still in his dragon form. “What are you doing up, sweetheart?” he murmurs as Castiel buries his face in Dean’s neck.
shy of 2K, so I don't know if this one will count. This may become a longer thing in the future, we shall see!
Brushing glittering obsidian slivers from his shoulders, Castiel glanced at his feet and watched as a glowing red line materialized out of the nothingness and stretched off, sinuous, into nowhere.
“Thought things were gonna be different with the kid in charge,” he says, his voice simmering with his barely-contained emotions, months of grief, of anguish, threatening to spill out all at once. “But it looks like angels are all back to being dicks, huh?”
Slowly, Dean shakes his head. “Nah,” he says, voice catching in his throat. He swallows and forces himself to look at Cas’ face. “It’s been good — real good, sometimes, but — never like this.”
And Cas, practically transparent and arched up off the floor like a bow, suddenly snaps back into this plane of existence and collapses in a heap. The cacophony of Cas’ screams cuts off just as suddenly as it began, and Dean cautiously takes his hands away from his ears. He looks over and sees Sam’s are bleeding. Not good. They sit in the echoing silence for a moment more before terror explodes back out of Dean in a rush.
For those who expressed an interest, there
“Cas,” Dean said, whispering into the unrelenting dusky gloom of the forest, face pointed at the starry sky. “Castiel, I– I hope you can hear me, man. I hope you’re here and you can hear me.”
Worry bubbles inside him to join the guilt and disappointment. Dean swallows thickly and wonders: what if this is the thing that pushes Cas away? Dean saw the look on his face. He
“Hey,” he says, nodding over his shoulder down the hall and saying, steam-rolling right over the brain gremlins trying to stop him, “C’mon back to my room. You can sleep there for now.”
“It says here dragons are kinda like bowerbirds,” Sam says, his voice amused. Dean can hear him flipping through a book over the phone. “So they’re big on nesting, but like,
"come out" (let's be real, Castiel is truly genderless), have
small this dragon seems to be. It’s no longer than his forearm, and about as thick around as his index finger.
He backs Cas into the table by accident and when they bounce apart, startled, Dean sees Cas’ wings flare out minutely, enormous and ghostly and strange. He dives back in and reaches for them again, pressing his fingertips against Cas’ shoulder blades and making him whine, and when he sets his teeth to Cas’ neck he finds their positions suddenly reversed, Cas spinning them until his hips pin Dean’s to the table, wings curled around them, a glimmering barrier against the rest of the world. He pulls Dean down to him in a kiss that leaves Dean feeling blissfully light-headed.
“That you felt it, too. No matter what form I take, what face I wear… I will always be yours. As… you will always be mine.”
It’s quiet in the kitchen except for a sharp crackle as Dean peels the papery skin from an onion. He dices the onion into small pieces and his mouth twitches in a smile when the dragon comes close to sniff at the pile of pungent vegetable bits. He sneezes and backs away, shaking his head vigorously, and Dean even manages a gentle laugh.
such as it is… he can’t bring himself to look at his unconscious human form again. He glances at Sam and sees his frown, contemplative rather than resigned.
Dean has nothing to say to that, and they fall silent again. Sam goes back to his reading. Dean listens to the distant ticking of an antique clock squirreled away somewhere in the stacks and envisions several different ways of starting this conversation with his brother before he barrels ahead with the truth.
this one imperfect, impatient,
“So you messed up his order? Cas, I know you weren’t actually born in this century, but you have heard of
He put that absolutely stupefied expression on Cas’ face. A glorious cascade of goosebumps runs down Dean’s shoulders, the backs of his arms.
“Hey,” Sam says suddenly, “do you know if it’s male or female?”
Sometimes, though, Dean wakes with Castiel snuggled up against his neck, or on the rare occasion he gets to sleep in, to Castiel’s nose pushed insistently up against his own. One time he even wakes up to catch Cas in the act, body coiled tight and creeping up along Dean’s chest, neck outstretched. Dean squints at Cas and Cas lets out a surprised squeak, jumping back and throwing up one wing like a shield before peering around the edge of it, huffing in embarrassment.
someone as sharp and splintery as he is deserves some softness in his life, after all.
He thought about the way Dean’s voice sounded when he said ‘
– clean it himself. The edges of the wound were smarting something awful, and he could feel his pulse throbbing hot and hard in his arm. He was going to have to ask for help.
“Huh,” he says.
. Seriously, what’s the worst that can happen if you gave him your number?”
Time and again, through meetings, and partings, and meeting again, Castiel came to realize not only was his love for Dean inexorable, it was
“It is… excellent to see you as well, Dean,” Castiel says, feeling hope and wariness flare to life inside him. This… is not what Castiel had been expecting. No, he’d expected to spend the rest of eternity locked away from everyone and everything he’d come to love, alone with only his memories for company. If he’s honest with himself, Castiel had imagined Dean pulling him from the Empty, but the reasoning always hung heavy with the sense of obligation and Dean’s persistent inability to let go of anyone he’s perceived to have abandoned him.
Gaping, Dean sucks in air and freezes. As much as Dean’s brain tries to convince him he’s an unlovable, ruthless monster, standing in front of him right now is a man who loves him so much he basically
in a different, and frankly shitty, light, and I just. Would like to spend the rest of this week under a blanket.
They played a round of air hockey in the arcade (Aaron had his ass handed to him, because Dean was the goddamn
“Shit,” he mutters. The song ends soft, a stark contrast to Dean’s insides, currently composed of broken glass, and rolls into
Glancing around, Dean spots Castiel on the other side of the greenhouse, his arms crossed over his stomach and his back mostly turned to the room full of plant life. Dean sees Cas’ profile, the way he’s worrying at his lower lip and staring out into the Kansas countryside like he can’t believe what he’s seeing. Dean knows the feeling – he can’t remember the last time he saw Cas dressed in anything other than his signature holy tax accountant getup – the sight of Castiel in plaid flannel pajama pants and one of Dean’s ratty old
honest, before Cas breaks the spell with a disbelieving laugh and throws his arms around Dean, pulling him into a crushing embrace. Cas’ hands grip the back of Dean’s shirt like he’s never gonna let him go, and Dean is one hundred-percent on board with that. He turns his face into Cas’ neck and noses behind his ear, inhaling and reveling in the solid warmth of him, real and here and alive and loving.
Pushing back, Dean wraps his hands on either side of Cas’ throat, stroking his thumbs up the center, before he slides his fingers up into Cas’ hair, tilting his head until they are hovering mere millimeters apart, breaths mingling.
course
– that part of Dean was the part which had helped him survive so far. It was the side that would keep him safest. It was the side that helped him decide to put the small part of himself in a box and bury it, determined to forget about it. It didn’t matter.
“I’m just saying, Dean, I really– I really like Eileen, okay? We all agreed to do the meet-the-family thing, I just want to make sure you’ll
“Yeah, Cas, us,” Dean says, dropping a kiss to his hair, easy affection at odds with how difficult it clearly is for Dean to say these things. Castiel smiles fondly. He thinks about Dean’s prayer to him in Purgatory and how even a year or two ago he would never have been able to say any of it to Castiel, prayer or no. He’s made progress. He’ll keep making progress, of that Castiel is quite certain.
week – but maybe
ask me to stay. Twice.”
“I’ve never told you how beautiful you are,” he murmurs, dragging his thumb through the constellation of freckles under Dean’s eye. He watches the barest flush come over Dean’s cheeks as he instinctively shies away from the compliment.
. He glances around the kitchen, not sure what he’s looking for, but knowing there’s
Castiel tips his head to the side again, the gesture still freakishly adorable even on a grown-ass man (which Dean is
Castiel looked like this when he rescued Dean all those years ago.
“Yeah. He, uh,” Dean coughs, “he’s like… cleaning it, now?” He looks at Cas, gone back to busily lapping at Dean’s shoulder, and thinks really hard about all of the snuggling and clinging and… and
“See you tomorrow?” Dean said when he pulled away, grinning and hopeful.
Dean turns to see Sam looking on, completely gobsmacked, and they stare silently at each other with identical stupefied expressions until Castiel groans and shifts on the ground, sitting up, curling in on himself with his forehead pressed tightly to his knees. Those weird little rings of light are still hovering around him, shifting and growing and popping and reappearing in a dizzying display.
Cas looks at him, blue daggers. “Then why–”
By the time Dean makes it to the register, Castiel can feel his palms sweating. He runs them surreptitiously down his shirt as though he’s smoothing it out and hopes his smile covers his sudden nerves. “Hello, Dean,” he says, pleased when his voice comes out steady.
What Dean wanted would never matter.
The cut on Castiel’s lip stings and he probes it with his tongue, a distraction from the silence just as much as the fiery pain in his leg. He looks at Dean as he works, slow and methodical but still tender. His tongue is caught between his teeth. It makes him look younger, less careworn. He’s so beautiful it makes Castiel’s heart ache, bands around his ribs like an embrace. He inhales to the top of his lungs and something loosens in his chest. He lets out a slow exhale. He’s gotten much better at this whole emotions thing: feeling them. Inviting them in as living guests, clearing himself out for the next delight.
“What’s this?” Dean asks, pinching it between his fingers to get a good look. Yep. Definitely from his coat. He shows the button to Cas and wiggles it in his direction. “Did you steal my button, Cas?”
, what the fuck?
“…okay…” Dean says hesitantly, not sure if he’s relieved or terrified to have Cas in the driver’s seat for this little heart-to-heart.
Come find me on
— would have at least let Dean fill that aching, barren place inside him with something resembling peace. But
that we have him back, but… we don’t know anything about Billie’s plans for him.”
, but he does know he’s spent an awful lot of time thinking about… what he’d let Castiel do to him and, well. Somewhere along the way, all those potential moments he was offering to Cas transformed into his own desire for this kind of physical intimacy, at least.
– what Dean had already told him, in Purgatory. He sees the way the pet name hits Cas, or maybe it’s just hearing Dean say it a second time. He sees the way it puts Cas off-balance. “You lookin’ for something else?”
Knowing it was more than likely this was something intended to trick him, Castiel took hold of the string, set his foot on the red line, and started walking.
“Hey,” Dean says after what feels like a lifetime has gone by. Castiel hums quietly but doesn’t move, and Dean’s grateful he’s not looking Castiel in the eye right now. “You remember when you said, uh. That my, um, heart– called, it–” he coughs, nervous and embarrassed, his voice kinda shaky. He takes a steadying breath and tries again: “You said my, uh, heart called to yours?” he gets out in a rush. He watches the clouds of his breath dissipate into the snowy air.
Dean lets out an involuntary – and maybe a little hysterical – laugh. “What do
“That’s two weeks, by the way,” John added as Dean made his way up the stairs. “For breaking curfew and for fighting.” Dean clenched his left hand into a fist, nails digging into his palm. “Yes, sir,” he ground out, before he stomped the rest of the way upstairs and into the hallway bathroom. He badly wanted to slam the door but didn’t want to draw John’s attention again.
“Yeah. Short for Castiel. Like… like the angel, you know?” Dean mumbles, feeling unexpectedly bashful.
Dean huffs a laugh and hands it back. “Unlock it, dumbass.”
Dean retrieves his mug and stands, trying to ignore the vague sense of unease that creeps in at leaving the little guy out in the cold, and marches back into the warm kitchen to brew a second pot of coffee.
“Good,” he says, before pulling Dean to him for a kiss.
Disoriented, he stares at the grey ceiling with a frown, unable to recall how he’d come to be lying in an honest-to-goodness bed, with a fluffy pillow and a warm quilt and the rich aroma of coffee wafting through the air. He remembers a misting red rain and the sensation of falling into orbit. He remembers hearing sounds from what felt like a thousand miles underwater and the warm golden glow of healing light.
At least Castiel has the decency to look abashed. “No,” he says, glancing quickly at Dean and then away. “It was shortly after he left you both. After Chuck.”
Cas smooths his hands up and over Dean’s chest before fisting the fabric of his pajama shirt, pulling Dean further into his space until they’re pressed together shoulder-to-hip. He draws Dean’s lower lip into his mouth and slowly releases it, a tentative hint of teeth biting down as it slides free, and when Dean whimpers in the back of his throat Castiel marches him backwards until Dean hits the wall, cool brick seeping through his shirt, making him shiver.
to Cas. Had Castiel somehow snuck it back to Dean, before he…?
– rolls over and blinks up at Dean with the bluest eyes he’s ever fucking seen,
A desperate sound escapes Castiel, and he rolls his hips up into Dean’s loose fist, marveling that he’s even
Dean’s fingers tug at his belt and Castiel doesn’t resist, only leans on his elbows again to watch as Dean carefully undoes the button and zipper. As he wets his lips again, nervous. As he flicks a glance Castiel’s way before reaching a warm hand in and pulling Castiel out, flushed and thick, aching in the strong fingers gripping him.
The cost to himself was everything, and it was nothing. Castiel spoke his deepest truth and let it set him free, greeting not his fate but the consequence of his free actions with a full heart and a visceral understanding that it would be the last time he would lay eyes on Dean. Beautiful, flawed Dean, whose heart was largely a mystery to Castiel, but which Castiel had promised himself long ago he would, regardless, protect with his dying breath.
Castiel narrows his eyes dangerously. “Inexplicably,” he says, exasperated, “
A very
. This thing Dean has kept shoved so far inside him and for so long he’s almost forgotten the shape of it. Has he been an idiot? For certain. But now that he is free, truly
we had to wait for the right moon phase, or whatever.”
He does so now, coming up behind the witch and grabbing him around the waist, hauling him off his feet and throwing him across the room. It’s an impressive show of strength (What? Dean is allowed to notice when his bestie is flexing, sue him), and, what’s more, it breaks the witch’s hold over Dean. He sags to the floor, gasping in air as the last tendrils of magic slough off his shoulders but still on alert, still aware of the danger. He hears a scuffle off to his left and then the tell-tale prickle of magical build-up starts skittering along his arms, a rash of goosebumps following in its wake. Dean looks up in time to see the witch get off one last spell before Sam thunders into the living room and shoots the son-of-a-bitch with a witch-killing bullet.
“It means exactly what it sounds like, Cas,” Sam interrupts, standing. He gathers up the heavy book he’d been reading earlier. “Dean will make you wait forever while he’s figuring out what he wants.”
“To attract a
The ground, now smooth and slick as ice, became a mirror, and for the briefest moment Castiel saw himself reflected there. But then his reflection shivered and melted away, revealing an image of Dean, upside-down at Castiel’s feet. As Castiel looked, so too did Dean. Their gazes met, crashing through the thin barrier of the ground between the soles of their shoes. Castiel let his awareness of their bond wash over him, and indeed it seemed they were simultaneously within reach of each other and vastly far apart, as though they were merely standing on opposite sides of a door, but the gap under the lintel was composed entirely of the vastness of space.
chill but only when it counts lol
“Quit that,” he says, and Cas peeks up over Dean’s chest. He shoves his snout right back into the ticklish juncture under Dean’s arm, and that’s it. For the first time since Cas appeared, Dean feels his temper boil up and spill out of him, masking the worry that’s eating at his insides.
Cas gives an indignant chirp, but grabs at the largest strawberry and shoves his whole snout into the soft fruit. Thoroughly distracted by his sweet treat (and looking now like something out of a horror movie, white shimmering scales covered in red strawberry gore), Dean goes back to his baking, cleaning off the counter before re-dusting it with flour and rolling out the dough.
He finds it, eventually; he isn’t sure what about the old windmill catches his eye exactly, but its red-rusted steel supports and softly spinning sails draw him in. He pulls the car off the road with a crunch of gravel and kills the engine, sitting for a minute with his hands on the wheel, chewing his lip. Dean watches the windmill turn, the blades slicing through the air. It’s quiet here. Tranquil.
Cas looks down at the small vial cradled in his hands, the bright blue-white glow thrumming with an irregular cadence. He stares at it for a long, charged moment, before looking up at Dean and meeting his eyes with a determined stare.
, Dean hasn’t actually done anything gross or even a little bit out of line.
, he sees trust.
Castiel, for his part, bears all of Dean’s attempts and openings and contrived scenarios with a patent obliviousness and it’s driving Dean positively up the wall. Maybe Dean doesn’t know if he wants Cas to be in love with him, but he does know now, all he can think about is what a fucking relief it will be when Cas eventually snaps and does what Dean resolutely
and straight to the counter.
Castiel shouts incoherently and crumples to the ground like he’s been shot. A sudden flash, a thousand times brighter than Cas’ normal angelic glow, makes Dean throw an arm across his face and turn away, and a second later, a huge gust of warm wind, strange in the otherwise still, chilly air, knocks him backward, right into Sam.
. Like it freed him from an unbelievably heavy burden. And for one infinitesimal moment, Dean felt like it could free him, too.
Dean’s stomach bottoms out. It couldn’t be – he gave it
Dean lets out a tiny laugh, but complies. Brings his mouth down over Castiel’s with a smile teasing at the corner of his lips. And oh.
“What the fuck just happened?” he demands, gripping Sam’s arm. “What did you do to him? Is he —”
Late that night, after unloading their goodies from the market, Dean is setting up his coffee for the next morning when Castiel comes into the kitchen carrying his hoard mug. He comes over to Dean’s side and drops a kiss to his shoulder before pushing the mug across the counter and up against the backsplash, right next to the ever-present sugar bowl. Then he reaches for the new white-and-blue mug and carefully arranges it so that it touches the green-and-blue mug, handles pointing away from one another.
and ugh, no thank you. He’s already got a bitch of a headache biting at the back of his neck. He glances back over to Sam and drums his fingers on his thighs, restless.
this weekend.”
“I don’t wanna go back without you,” Dean said. Castiel couldn’t ignore the pain behind the words, what it
– covered in flour, Dean’s, well. He’s just
he cannot look back.
Even though he’d just kissed Cas not a half-hour ago, the thought still shakes Dean up, and a sliver of uncertainty races through his gut. With a long, measured inhale, Dean wrestles the feeling down, out of mind for the time being, approaching this tender curling thing inside him with curiosity rather than fear, for once.
Cas is looking at him with his blue eyes wide and sad, and he slowly shakes his head, perhaps at himself. “I have no defense,” he rumbles miserably. “I agree that my actions have been… less than courageous.”
“Shut up, Sammy,” Dean grumbles. He turns his hand palm up next to the dragon and it looks up at him before climbing onto his hand. Dean lifts it up onto the table and lets it climb down, watching it wander curiously across the smooth wooden surface. It stops to sniff at his pen and notepad, peering down at Dean’s careful notes as though it can understand what he’s written and approves.
Castiel wraps long fingers around his glass and looks at Dean, intense but wary. He raises his whiskey in an answering toast. “And I am glad you are safe, Dean.” Dean sees a tiny smile tucked into the corners of Castiel’s eyes and Dean’s mind flashes to the image of Cas, smiling as he tells Dean goodbye.
Dean reaches for the hem of Cas’ shirt — one of Dean’s, actually, borrowed for sleeping as has become Castiel’s habit — and pulls it off over his head, dropping it carelessly to the floor and drinking in the sight of Cas’ otherworldly appearance, the soft edges of him, his wild hair. Dean knows he’s been a fucking idiot about Cas pretty much since he showed up all those years ago, but somehow he’s been given another chance, whether he thinks he deserves it or not. He sweeps his own shirt off and tosses it, too, laying himself bare, completely floored by the way Castiel is looking at him like he’s an offering, a feast to be savored. It makes Dean’s head spin.
Into his third episode, Dean tosses a last handful of popcorn in his mouth as Cersei Lannister watches the Great Sept burn. His eyes drooping and his shoulders relaxed, he reaches for the remote and switches off the TV, ready for bed.
Something electric crackles along Dean’s nerves and his stomach tumbles into terrifying freefall when Cas leans closer, drawn as if he can’t help himself, a magnet to a lodestone. He’s an adult, a goddamn
“You had a tough day today,” she said, commiserating, and Castiel heard the empathy in her voice, the notes of warmth that said
Adrift, Dean slides his hands from Cas’ neck up into his hair, pushing his fingers into the thick, dark strands and pulling, petting, anchoring himself. More softness where Dean didn’t exactly expect it, and he thinks, just maybe
He says it lightly, teasing, and a tension Dean didn’t even realize he was holding onto melts from his shoulders. He sags back in his seat, relief washing cool through him like the tide, unreasonably proud of himself — for asking for something he wanted in the first place, and for being ready to ask for it
. Next thing he knows he’ll be doodling their names on every available writing surface.
be a memory.
Well, Happy Last Episode Day, everyone. We made it!
. Hester was right. Dean was the reason Cas was… what he was, and sometimes the weight of that responsibility crashed into Dean’s train of thought and thoroughly fucked him up for hours, for
Cas looks up at Dean, a guarded sort of hope in his eyes that dissolves into a smile, small and bashful. He looks down again and presses the pads of his fingers to a glowing spot on the inside of his wrist. “I — angels have… many eyes,” he explains in a low voice. “The prophet Ezekiel was quite interested in the natural appearance of the various classes of angels and described us in great detail, though the eyes were one of the only accuracies.”
Delighted, Dean watches as a blush stains Cas’ cheeks, and slides his hands up until he can tangle his fingers in Cas’ bird’s-nest hair, leaning into him. He rests their foreheads together, closing his eyes and letting himself simply
Tentative fingers brush the back of Dean’s hand, exploratory, seeking permission, and when Dean doesn’t snatch his hand away, Cas covers it with his own. When Dean looks at him, Cas has this expression on his face like he’s amazed at his own audacity, but he doesn’t take his hand back.
not fat.” He grins down at Castiel fondly. “Besides, I don’t care if he gets chunky as long as he stays.”
“You goddamn coward,” he spits, dropping his hands to fists in his lap and staring hard at them, because if he looks over at Cas right now, he’s gonna hit him, and even Dean knows that’s a pretty piss-poor way of repaying someone who just saved your life for the umpteenth time.
Castiel is in the Empty, and then he isn’t. He is an angel, and then he isn’t. But neither the insufferable chaos he found the Empty thrown into, nor the sudden lack of his angelic grace, compares remotely to his elation when Dean comes to drag him from the darkness like – well, like an avenging angel. And even still, neither compares to the deep dive his heart takes when it becomes clear his rescue had nothing at all to do with what he’d confessed to Dean the last time they’d seen each other. In these first few weeks back, as Castiel learns all over again the small joys and annoyances of being human, Dean is – not distant, but not entirely warm, either. Castiel comes to realize he and Dean are never in a room alone together. Sam is always there. He’s
It’s dead silent in the room, now. Dean can’t manage to take in a whole breath that doesn’t hitch on the way in. He reaches for his phone, anyway, brushing futilely at the tears still streaking down his cheeks, and unlocks it. And then just stares at the screen.
“Clearly you’re no good at Tetris. Here, let me,” Dean said as he knelt down. He gently shoved Cas out of the way and began arranging everything into the cabinet deftly.
Cas’s fingers began tracing along the various tattoos now visible on Dean’s body. There was a large symbol over Dean’s heart. Cas traced it, then glanced up at Dean, looking for an explanation.
Castiel watches his old friend, trying to get his head on straight so he can help. Dean has gone missing. Someone has taken Dean. He has to find Dean. "Charlie!" his words stop her pacing instantly. "What did you see?"
Castiel remembers all of it. When the Empty took him, body and grace, he had not been pulled into sleep. He had been awake. And Dean had come to get him out. In an effort to achieve tranquility without losing its share of the bargain, the Empty had offered a compromise. Castiel could leave his grace behind and go with Dean.
“How long have you been out, Cas?” Gabe asked, eyeing the empty bag again, knowing the come down was most likely coming soon at how quickly his brother had admitted defeat.
Each night he had flung himself onto his shitty twin mattress and tossed and turned, unable to sleep with the near constant sirens and occasional gunfire outside his window. He had gotten soft, this used to be his normal, the sounds that comforted him and lulled him to sleep every night, now they made him anxious and stressed him out. He needed to get his shit together and his head in the right space if he was going to survive this. As he was right now, he wouldn’t last a week.
Dean doesn’t miss the giddy excitement that flashes in Alastair’s eyes as that one damn tear betrays him by slipping down his face, exposing the fact that he is truly terrified, but not only that, he is angry. Angry at himself for letting Alastair to get the upper hand, assuming it had been some misstep of his that had allowed Alastair to break free in the first place. Angry that he had once again fucked something up, in turn letting people down and breaking promises he had made. It seemed to be an ongoing theme in his life lately, messing up, chasing people away, hurting those he would do anything to protect and ultimately not being strong enough to be the man his father expected him to be, that Cas needed him to be, that Sam deserved him to be. Maybe this is where he really belongs, on the receiving end of Alastair’s torment, being punished for all the mistakes he’s made, atoning for the numerous innocent lives irrecoverably altered, almost always for the worse, simply because they had the misfortune of associating with one Dean Winchester. The thought that maybe he deserved this, that this would somehow balance the cosmic scales was somehow comforting to Dean, comforting in a way a lap belt might be comforting as a plane falls out of the sky, but right now Dean would take any small comfort he could scrape together.
With a final shout of courage and Taylor howling along, Dean braces himself for whatever Trenton has in store.
“What?” Dean asked, tone dripping with attitude, causing Cas’ eyebrow to somehow shoot up even higher, a warning that gave Dean the opportunity to change both his words and the tone in which he said them.
“I know, but, it has to count for something right?” Dean asked quietly, picking at the seam of the blanket.
"So, Buttercup," Gabriel hums. "Or Westley, or whomst ever you want to see yourself as now." Gabriel returns, handing over the pages of translation that Castiel had been working on. "You ready to jump into a new future?"
“Nothing bad sweetheart, don’t worry; I’m not going anywhere,” Cas smiled over at Dean, tightening his grip on his hand slightly. “I just…after what happened…I just wanted to check in with you, make sure--”
“So you threw me under the bus for some of your fucking students? What the actual fuck Gabriel? I’m you brother!” Cas stood up, suddenly needing to be as far away from his brother as possible.
“Yes, Castiel,” Dean answered and was rewarded with Cas’s finger finally pushing in, up to his second knuckle, causing Dean to groan loudly. He just barely caught himself from pushing back into Cas’s hand, wanting more. Before long, a second finger was added, Cas scissoring them, opening him up expertly and efficiently now. Dean was putting almost all of his energy into staying perfectly still, whining and groaning in place of writhing and rutting. Suddenly Cas’s fingers were gone, leaving Dean feeling empty and wanting.
"Stuff."
—is limited in its endurance. He pauses his run to breathe deeply and admire the cycle of nature. Growth. Death. Rebirth. It helps him feel closer to his father’s creations, including the one he loves most.
"Damn that sucks," Dean says, sitting up and stretching his arms out. He places his arm on top of the couch, hovering above Castiel’s shoulder. Yeah, it was a little kiddish. The whole "stretch and put the arm around the girl/guy." But hey, observant was Dean’s middle name. And one of the many observations he made was that Castiel likes physical contact just as much as Dean does.
ready to accept defeat yet.
Dean slowly got himself off the bed and hobbled over to where his clothes were now neatly piled on the dresser. He grabbed his boxers, sat back on the bed, and yanked them on, taking a minute to get used to the cold metal now between his legs. He wasn’t entirely sure how he felt about it yet.
“I mean...he didn’t say it in so many words…” Dean admitted.
nothing, at least nothing worth saving."
“I believe I said they were also sexy as hell, if I remember correctly,” Cas says, bringing a finger up to his chin, pretending to think deeply. Dean rolls his eyes and huffs out a chuckle as he pulls Cas closer.
, and you brought
Dean's choked by a sob that tries to escape, stealing his words and his breath in one. He looks down to where he holds one of Cas's hands in both of his own. He arranges them so that Cas's broad palm lays open, face up in one of Dean's. Dean runs a fingertip from the dip at the wrist to a callus on the pad of the middle finger, formed by Castiel's habit of using it and his thumb to fiddle with the buttons of his beloved trench coat. Dean lays his hand overtop, clasping Cas's between his own once more. Another prayer, more formal this time, is about to pass through his lips, when rapidly warming fingers wrap around his own.
Before he could do anything else, Cas surged forward trapping Dean's mouth in a heated kiss and stood up, hoisting Dean with him. Dean's legs wrapped around Cas and he clung to his neck, unsure if he appreciated being carried across the apartment, but not finding it in him to protest, especially when he noticed the ink covering Cas’s back. Two large wings danced over his muscles along his upper back and down the back of his upper arms with every movement. They were simple but gorgeous. Dean also noticed a bit of ink poking out from just under the waistband of Cas’s pajama pants, on his hip, but he couldn’t quite make it out.
“Yeah,” Dean agreed quietly. Cas sighed and reached for his wallet before sliding a card over to Dean.
Castiel was on his way back to the elevator, resigned to spending the evening pacing a hole in his floor, when he saw the telltale ripple of a disturbance start to move across the sea of bodies. He then heard the yelling, voices loud enough to break through in the brief moments between the thumping bass of the song blaring.
When Cas looks back up at Dean he is met with perhaps one of the most gorgeous smiles he’s ever seen, one filled with adoration and relief, passion and real happiness, and it causes a grin to break out on his own face as a giggle to bubbles up to the surface.
“Pft, hey man, I was just tryin’ to help her have a wonderful evening, ‘ts all,” the young man said, cocky grin plastered on his face, slightly unsteady on his feet, words just starting to slur together.
"That’s an understatement, Cas. Imagine my surprise when I’m brought back to life, in the middle of nowhere, mind you, and I can’t find a single. Fucking. Winchester." Charlie sits up straighter and folds her hands in her lap. "You, however, were easy to trace. Seriously, did you learn nothing from me? Castiel Novak. For fuck’s sake, you couldn’t pick a more forgettable name?"
Whether Cas realizes that Dean has his memories or not, Dean doesn’t understand why he would keep their past from him.
******
“Thank you Dean, but…sometimes your logical brain and emotional brain don’t always agree. You may think you’d be okay, then figure out mid-scene that you’re not. If…if that ever happens, ever…you have to let me know okay? You have to promise me you’ll use your safe word, do you understand? This is important to me Dean…I need you to promise me,” Cas was all but pleading with Dean and that scared him. This man was not one to beg, not one to plead for anything.
As his emotions threaten to take control Dean slowly works on steadying his breathing, reigning himself and his train of thought in, instead focusing on the pain radiating from his wrists. Pain he knows, pain he can work with.
-punishment
"Hello?" Cas says, voice cracking. "Is anybody here? Taylor? Charlie? Dean?!"
The floor all but covered with his blood, an ever growing puddle that seems to mock him, taunting him to slip into unconsciousness, promising that the ever present and blinding pain will stop, that he can be done with this, he can fall asleep. At this point that sounds more welcoming than really anything else. He’s not sure when it started but he notices he is visibly shaking. He tries to control his spasming muscles, but can no longer seem to command them to be still. He is cold and tired, and he is certain he’s going into shock.
Castiel beat him to the sacrifice, didn’t he? He saved Dean…
“Don’t you fucking say his name, I can’t…don’t fucking bring him into this,” Cas said, voice cold, body rigid. Gabe sighed heavily and started to pace across the small living room.
Alright have a third chapter in five days, because it's a short one.
"Enough." Not-Meg snaps her fingers and Dean goes silent. "Do you hear that, Castiel?"
“Hello, Dean, it’s okay. We’re at Bobby’s, you’re okay. Shhhh listen, deep breaths, match mine…” Cas says, his voice low and soft, trying to calm him down enough so he can explain what had happened and answer all the unasked questions swimming in Deans panicked and tearful bright green eyes. Cas takes a few exaggerated breaths, motioning for Dean to mimic the deep, calm breathing. After a few minutes Dean is back to fairly even breaths, that still catch every so often when he moves in a way that aggravates an injury, but he has relaxed enough now and was staring intently back at Cas with a million questions running endlessly through his head. Dean can feel himself getting hazy again, sleep threatening to overtake him quicker than he wants it to, he adjusts himself to sit a bit higher on the bed, trying to stave off sleep for a few more minutes until he can get some answers.
“One more time and I’ll stop what I’m doing and instead dole out some punishment, is that understood Dean?”
he thinks.
"I couldn’t—" Castiel starts.
Cas sat up straighter, took a leveling breath, and began his story. He told Dean about practically growing up on the streets: getting kicked out of various houses and apartments because his mother had pissed someone off, or her john had gotten tired of her. He told Dean about Michael first getting involved with the gangs and trying to keep his siblings out of the life and trying to keep them safe. He told him how Cas had followed in Michael’s footsteps after he had been killed, and how he had gotten revenge on those who took out his brother, eventually moving up the ranks and leading.
The rest of their evening is a blur of phone calls, excited shrieking and screaming over speakerphone, countless “congratulations” and a handful of “it’s about times”. Once they settle on who will be at the courthouse the next day (Bobby, Sam and Charlie) and who they’ll invite to the party the following weekend both Dean and Cas fall bonelessly into their bed, simultaneously exhausted but wired with the nervous excited energy that seemed to be thrumming through the bunker.
Inky black feelers halt in their progress. Not-Meg looks stunned. Taylor’s growls, still constant, have dropped to a range nearly inaudible to the human ear. Every other sound seems to have stopped. Even Dean, who had managed to take a single step forward, has paused, staring at Castiel. With all eyes on him, Castiel can’t help but feel a surge of confidence. He straightens himself up and opens his mouth to say more when the Empty begins laughing.
“I know Cas” Dean replies, staring at the ceiling, willing Cas to understand he isn’t upset with him, doesn’t think any less of him, after all, he saved Dean, more than once now. Deans thoughts before he drifts off are scattered, but there is no denying all of them revolve around the angel, what was wrong with him? Did it have anything to do with saving Dean? With Dean failing? How can Dean reassure him that they’ll figure it out together? What would Cas do if Dean had asked him to stay? Asked him to lay next to him? Not only for his own security and comfort but for Cas’ too, maybe he could convince the angel it would be mutually beneficial, that it didn’t really mean anything, that they just both needed someone there when the night got dark and cold, when the nightmares came clawing back, which Dean assumed would happen again before long.
“Hmmm, my sweet boy, I can’t do that right now okay? It’s not you, I can’t feel like you’re trapped either, do you understand?” Cas asked sweetly.
“Dean, I don’t think it’s a surprise that I want to be with you for the rest of my life. I want to wake up next to you every morning, kiss you goodnight before we fall asleep every night. I want to get our own house with a yard and a white picket fence. I even want to raise a couple kids together, I want the whole thing, the stereotypical apple pie life and I want it with you.”
“Now, what should we do about that Dean?” Cas asked, indicating toward his now leaking cock.
“Well, then at least you know. Isn’t that better?” Charlie asked as she took the joint back from Dean and settled herself back on his bed, leaning against the wall.
The streets are completely empty. No neighbors milling around, no animals walking (or flying) by, no movement at all. It’s completely, eerily still.
"Cas is graceless?"
“I’m still waiting for an answer, Dean,” Cas gently reminded him after a minute or two.
"I have some excellent whiskey at home. Do you mind waiting a minute and I'll be right back?" he asks with a friendly smile on his face.
The art in this chapter will be replaced with a fully finished piece shortly, unfortunately the artist had some issues with their technology that put them behind schedule. We made it work though, and I'm thrilled to see the final piece. The final bit was their idea and I'm so happy with it!
-hallucinations induced by withdrawal, resulting in self-harm
The realization crashes over him. He doesn’t want to—no he can’t, lose Cas. He was just starting to get used to having the angel around, to the way he always seemed to be in Dean's personal space, the way he constantly fluttered in and out without warning, the scent he always left behind that had seemed to weave its way into the fabric of the Impala’s seats, always present even if Cas wasn’t. The subtle aroma of pine trees mixed with that scent that fills the air after a gentle spring storm as the sun begins to peak back out from behind the heavy clouds, water dripping off tree branches as the birds begin to sing again.
Castiel takes out a knife and brings out a dollop of peanut butter. Even before he sets it down, Taylor has already pushed her nose onto Castiel's hand, taking the knife with her.
instead of that lovesick puppy?"
watching me from the woods. Did you… did you see anything on your way back?"
“What are you doing? You don’t have to stay. I’m fine, Gabe,” Cas said, almost panicking at the thought of his brother staying for any extended amount of time. Gabriel simply shook his head and made himself comfortable.
Cas had held on as tight as he could, fists twisting in the rough fabric of Dean’s jacket, suddenly unable to let go. He hadn’t realized how nervous he had been about seeing Dean again, he hadn’t planned on it, at least not that quickly. He thought he knew how Dean felt about him, what role Dean had him slotted into among his friends and family, a brother, a powerful and important type of love for sure, but not the same type Cas felt for him and that was okay. As long as he had Dean he would be content, he had said his piece and it was up to Dean to dictate where this relationship would, or more likely, wouldn’t go. He definitely hadn’t expected Dean to be so emphatic so soon after his return.
Taylor, who wouldn’t exist, if she were part of the illusion. Taylor, always by Dean’s side, safeguarding him and being safeguarded by him.
When he made it down to Dean’s ass he bit into one of the perfectly plump cheeks hard enough to earn a yell from Dean, but then licked over the injured spot, soothing the ache and continuing his journey. Kissing down the inside of one of Dean's thighs, to the back of his knee, all the way down to his ankle then jumping over to the other leg and working his way back up. When he made it back to the apex of Dean’s thigh he quickly licked from Dean's balls to the plug, slowly, and was met with a low, almost pained groan from the debauched man underneath him.
It's worlds away from a storage room in Rexford, Idaho, the memory less painful with time and distance.
Dean figures some stuff out
In all honesty it terrified him. He had never felt that way about anyone before. In all his centuries of existence, Dean Winchester made him feel things he couldn’t name for the first time ever. Dean had broken through his programming not only once, but multiple times. He had made Castiel question his purpose, given him the courage to break away from what he had always known. Sure, the man could be absolutely infuriating with his constant pop culture references that Cas didn’t always understand, his rock music that was often played at decibels no human should be subjected to and not to mention the fact Dean was physically unable to listen to directions if they directly went against what he felt the correct course of action should be. Cas can’t be too upset about that last one though. It is the reason he is back in the bunker pacing their bedroom floor and not wasting away in the empty.
"Example?" he asks, frustration leaking into every syllable. "Example for whom? God is dead. Rowena rules hell, and her sympathies are definitely on our side. Jack has already tried to get rid of you once."
His game plan was to sneak in undetected, find a table or chair off to the side in the shadows, stay for just long enough to say he went, and then slip out. Unfortunately, as soon as he opened the door, a familiar face spotted him and made it known he was there with a shrill noise that he could only describe as a screech.
******
the Empty’s voice booms out from all around them, repeating the words Castiel had just said.
They both admit their feelings
What starts as a chaste kiss quickly turns heated and passionate, hands soon begin working to discard clothing, shirts are flung across the library, socks forgotten among the stacks of books, when hands begin undoing Cas’s belt buckle they both realize they are very much in view of anyone who wanders past, and seeing as they are not the only two in the bunker they quickly make their way down the long hallway to Deans room. Taking breaks now and then to push one another up against the wall; trail kisses down each others necks and chests, nibble on collarbones and leave bruises scattered across chests.
Before he thinks too long on the memory, a teasing voice echoes in his head saying, "It's not good to dwell on the past, Cassie!" (Whether that voice was Gabriel’s or Balthazar’s, he can’t remember.) He sighs, and continues running to distract himself.
“Cas, come on man, I..”
Cas seems to startle a little, as if he'd forgotten that there was even someone else there.
Dean lets out a deep sigh and shakes his head, “Cas, you know me, I didn’t even know what I really felt until realizing how you felt. I’m not great at this whole ‘feelings’ thing ya know.”
“How are you feeling?” Cas asked after a few minutes, one hand gently carding through Dean's hair, the other wrapped tightly around his waist.
“Like I got hit by a fricken’ semi truck,” Dean said followed by a chuckle, trying to lighten the mood. When Dean looked up at Cas, the other man quickly averted his eyes, looked down at his fingers, and began playing with the hem of his shirt.
"Of course I’m right," Gabriel smiles slyly. "And besides, fleabags-slash-your-grace may not be
“Well, I wanted to wait to get into this until we knew each other a bit better, but that obviously isn’t going to happen right now. Dean, do you know what BDSM is?” Cas asked, his face neutral, his arms rested on his knees as he leaned slightly toward Dean, fingers knotting together.
Cas starts experiencing withdrawal
Just as he starts to accept the lack of oxygen and starts sinking into the welcoming darkness, the thing around his neck releases him. He crumples haphazardly to the hard floor, coughing and sputtering.
There’s no one here. He’s stuck in his own mind. Clutching his head, he sinks to the ground.
Or the many freckles that spotted his fair skin;
It takes courage Castiel didn't know he still possessed to bring his eyes up to meet Dean's, but he isn't looking at Castiel. His eyes are trained on Castiel's face, but he's looking
"Never mind," Gabriel sighs loudly and walks away from him. "You’ll find out soon enough. Maybe. Who knows." Castiel is about to question it when he feels something on his palm. It’s gentle and maybe even wet as it goes from his wrist to middle finger. He smiles, deciding that believing Taylor, his grace, became one with the universe makes saying good-bye to that part of his life much easier.
Dean moves towards the couch, settling against the opposite arm from Cas. Stretching his legs out so that his feet rest in Cas’s lap, he allows himself the little bit of contact. To his great pleasure, Cas moves his arms over top of Dean's legs and squeezes his shin lightly causing shivers to race up Dean's legs and spine. Dean tries to focus on whatever movie or show is now playing on the TV, something involving surfing, which gets Dean thinking that he might want to try that some day.
He was also well aware (from plenty of experience) that she wasn’t one to mess with or defy. Dean may be quite a bit taller and have at least fifty pounds on her, but she was feisty and could take him down if she really wanted to, and had multiple times, not that Dean would admit that to anyone.
“Now, Dean, remember: do not move and if you are close tell me, yell out yellow and I’ll back off until you give me the go ahead again. Do you understand?” Cas explained.
“Relax, Marlon Brando,” Gabe said, holding his hands up in a placating gesture while rolling his eyes. “But that, right there? Exactly what I mean,” he said wagging his finger haphazardly at Dean. “Sure, Castiel used to go for the sweet and innocent ones. There’s probably some psychology behind it making him feel like a tougher man or some bullshit. I just think, at that time in his life, he needed reminders that the world wasn’t all sharp edges and violence,” Gabe said before lifting himself up off the couch and wandering over to the kitchen. Dean just stared at the man's back as he rummaged in the refrigerator, his brain turning over and trying to process what Gabe had implied in just a few sentences.
“Hey. I’m fine, Dean, really,” Cas said, pulling Dean out of his own head. Dean simply gave a noncommittal nod and grunt as he began eating.
TW/CW
He shoves that thought away.
They both crawl further onto the bed, swapping lazy kisses, hands trailing over newly exposed skin, becoming familiar with one another in a brand new way, not rushing, enjoying what they have both been craving for years.
"Alright," a voice growls. The two look over and see a familiar person. Hannah holds her hand out, glaring at the both of them. "This was really cute at first, but now I am fucking over it."
“You walked into MY place of business, exuding reckless, stupid energy. Then you tried starting a fight in my establishment, putting others at risk, not once, but multiple times. You clearly need to learn some basic manners, but you also clearly have some significant shit going on. I’m attempting to make some sort of connection, because that energy you’re giving off is all too familiar, and trust me, I know all too well where it ends.”
-depressed and hopeless thoughts/mindset
“Isn’t that a bit clingy?”
“Come on Deano, let's get inside before we fall asleep and freeze to death out here,” Gabe said, standing up and pulling at Dean’s arm until he was on his feet, clumsily staggering inside and collapsing on the couch.
-Graphic depiction of injury/blood
Well a good chunk of my plans while out of town have been changed, so I should be able to post a few times over the next few days like I have been.
"I'm sorry, what?" Castiel squeaks out, his eyes widening in panic.
Dean gets unexpected instructions
“What? I mean, uh, yeah, I guess, like that shitty book series? Fifty greys or some shit?” Dean responded as he looked literally anywhere but directly at the man in front of him, feeling a blush creep up his neck and spread over his face, throat clicking when he tried swallowing past the sudden dryness.
"H-Hannah?" Dean croaks out. She stares at Dean for a moment. A smirk spreads across her lips before she melts into a pile of black goo. Dean's stomach drops as the mass slithers across the ground and reshapes itself into Meg in front of him.
“What are we doing? I really don’t feel like going anywhere Char, can we please not?” Dean whined as he flopped gracelessly down on the couch, the oversized blanket wrapped tightly around his shoulders, part of it flipped up over his head.
“I’m glad you’re so eager Dean. It will make taking you apart piece by piece so very rewarding. I promise you, by the end of this you will be an incoherent puddle, does that sound okay?” Cas asked with feigned innocence.
“Dean, stop. I know…or at least, I know you say you’re fine,” Cas sighed before continuing, “What I meant was in regard to our original conversation….is there anything that you previously felt comfortable with in the bedroom, that you may not now? I know I have a few things I would rather put into the ‘maybe someday, but not now’ category of things...after...well after everything,” Cas said quietly, glancing over at Dean.
Some fluff, some time in the bedroom, enjoy :)
He had just finished up his translations for the day before he left, but he doesn’t remember it being dark enough yet to have needed to turn the lights on…
"Please," Dean whispers. "Please come back and… let me say I love you."
He quickly grabbed a drink and made his way to one of the empty tables in the back corner of the room, settling in, content to people-watch. As he sipped his drink, his eyes drifted over his former classmates as too many of them squealed and flailed upon seeing someone they “hadn’t seen in like forever.” Had these people never heard of social media? He rolled his eyes and set his whiskey down as someone slid into the seat next to him.
Dean’s bedroom window faces the backyard and towards the chain link fence separating his property from the neighbor’s. On the other property, there stands a dark figure.
"Happy. Huh." She is studying Cas. "You know what makes him happy, right?"
"Taylor led us," Cas calls back, seemingly unaffected by the exertion it's taking to keep Trenton at bay. That bodes well for what's coming up next. Dean eyes the cliff edge with trepidation. Then it clicks.
Gabriel is standing there, lollipop in his hand. He smiles at Cas.
“Yes Dean, I am, continue,” Cas said and Dean continued on about some movie he loved. Cas listened intently, refusing to allow his mind to wander to the worst case scenarios.
His mind refuses to settle.
"I don't know, is it?"
“Who the fuck are you?” Cas asked, going over to his brother to make sure he was okay. Gabe shoved him off.
“Oh my God, I’m uh, I didn’t see...I’m so sorry,” Sam stammers out, quickly slamming the door shut and standing in the hallway trying to process what he had just walked in on. The click of the lock brings him back to the moment and he quickly makes his way to the kitchen, suddenly needing a drink, or maybe some bleach for his brain.
“Hmpf, it’s a dumb game, and this should not be this difficult,” Cas complained, sitting with his knees pulled up in front of him, back resting against the cabinets.
“Y-yes, Castiel,” Dean croaked out just as Cas grabbed the remote off the bed and clicked the vibrations up to the next level and felt Dean’s muscles tense underneath him, his hips barely starting to move, rutting into the bed, desperately seeking friction. Cas reached down, gripping Dean’s hip, fingers digging in and holding the younger man still.
Gabriel frowns. "Ever seen
Cas's eyes soften.
“Get the fuck out Gabriel.”
They celebrate Christmas
“Oh, uh, yeah...uh, sure,” Becky stammered as she quickly got up and walked away, glancing at the two men over her shoulder a few times as she retreated.
“Forget it,” Dean grumbled, frowning as his attention shifted back to his phone. Gabriel didn’t ask and turned back to the TV, selecting some baking competition show; Dean scoffed.
“Don’t worry about him or me,” Cas spit out, back turned as his brother left and slammed the door behind him.
The next morning Cas dressed slowly, relishing the last morning for who knew how long in his nice apartment, with his nice clothes and comfortable bed that held memories of Dean. He dug out his old leather jacket, the one with the wings stitched into the back that shadowed the ink carved into his back. He shrugged it on over his worn graphic t-shirt--the one with a logo so faded he wasn’t even sure what it was supposed to be anymore--and his grey zip-up hoodie. He slipped into his rattiest pair of jeans that had made their home in the very back of his dresser over time and headed to the bathroom to dig out the jewelry he knew he still had somewhere.
Dean's laugh is the most beautiful sound. Castiel is distracted by it until he realizes he’s staring at Dean again, their conversation having gone silent.
Dean's eyes roam around the room, still covered in lights and photographs. Dean jumps out of bed, earning protests and questioning grunts from Cas. When he returns he’s holding the handful of pictures that were new, the ones that neither he nor Cas are in, a grin plastered on his face as he looks through them.
“Heya Cas,” Dean says quietly, his voice wavering and giving away just how nervous he is. Cas finally sits up a bit straighter and turns toward the other man.
“Why the fuck do you want to know anyway? What? Do you get off on guessing other people's kinks or some shit?” Dean asked, voice teetering on the cusp of turning frantic, feeling extremely self conscious at this man's ability to read him so easily.
“No, Castiel,” Dean said, breathing picking up again as he started to squirm on the bed.
Just as hands begin slipping under the waistbands of boxers and gasps and broken pleas start falling from lips, the bedroom door swings open. Sam, mid-sentence about some lore he had discovered, glances up and drops the book he had been holding. Both men on the bed stare back at the moose, everyone seemingly frozen in place.
“I’m here for you. I know how this feels, and I know how much it sucks and how you’re sure you’re dying most of the time. I also know how hard it is to stay clean. Cas, this isn’t anything new for me. Yeah, I’ve relapsed a few too many times, and I’ve never been the shining example of sobriety, but hey, I’m not going to run just because of this,” Dean stated emphatically.
Cas grabs one of the bottles, and sits down on his sofa, as Dean queues up the movie.
CW/TW
“Well, I guess it’s safe to say Sammy knows about this,” Dean chuckles and shrugs, surprisingly unbothered. He slowly stalks his way back over to Cas, draping his body over him, grinding down into him, causing both men to let out a pleased groan.
“Uh, yeah...yes, I guess,” Dean floundered, he had never been asked if he should be punished or not, Cas had just doled out what he saw fit for the circumstances.
“It doesn’t matter; whatever is fine,” he answered with a smirk.
“I’m thinking I’m thinking, this is an important decision ya know? I want to be sure I make the right choice. I would hate to be saddled with some overly literal, stick in the mud, trench coat wearing dork now wouldn’t I?”
Dean gets taught a lesson
Cas tried to weigh the pros and cons of following the boy, that small voice yelled at him to turn the fuck around and hightail it back to the safety of his own space, to leave the young man alone. Cas shrugged, reasoned he had never been one to follow directions well and quickly took off after him. Before the young man got too far another patron was clumsily shoved into him which caused their sugary and brightly colored drink to spill down the back of the boys shirt. Almost as soon as the liquid soaked into the fabric of his flannel he had spun around, arm raised ready to retaliate. Instead of the sloppy partygoer he expected he found himself face to face with Cas, who’s left eyebrow was raised questioningly, clearly broadcasting that his current action was not one he should continue. The young man scoffed, rolled his eyes and forcibly shoved past Cas, making a show of aggressively pushing the older man out of his way.
The next month flew by, filled with planning and scheming. Whispers that suddenly cut off if Dean entered the room, papers shuffled away haphazardly when he tried sneaking a look over Cas’s shoulder in the library. Cas knew he was walking a thin line between Dean being curious and being suspicious, hoping he would be able to spring the surprise before Dean started to freak out about Cas being a bit secretive. He just kept telling himself Dean would hopefully agree it would be well worth the deception.
“And most importantly it means I get to grow old with the love of my life, with the man I want next to me for the next 50 years or more. The man who has shown me what it means to not only be human, but how to be a righteous one. If you say yes it means I’ve gained a chance at real happiness, something I truly never thought was possible for me, and it wasn’t, not until hell where I first saw your soul shining brighter than anything I had ever seen, eviscerating the darkness and despair that fought to engulf it, I’ve wanted to be yours ever since that first glance. Dean Winchester, I love you more than I ever thought possible, please grow old with me, make memories with me for decades to come, please allow me to officially become a Winchester.” Cas’s voice finally cracks on the last word, what will hopefully be his new last name.
They’re trying though.
They’ve been helping him for a long time. It’s hard not to notice a grown man in a trenchcoat staring blankly at the wall, not moving or even really blinking.
(See the end of the chapter for
Jack is of course a nightmare on Sam’s subconscious. The son of the man who tortured him for centuries? The fact that Sam can feel how similar his grace is to his fathers? Sam could barely look at the kid on his bad days. He knows Jack is good, he knows Jack would die before hurting him. But knowing is one thing, accepting it is another.
That’s not to say he’s perfect, or that he never ends up with marks on this skin.
commenters are the pillars upon which our society rests
It’s hard.
ahhhhhhh hi guys.
Dean.
(See the end of the chapter for
He usually goes to Sam though. Sam understands him in a way the other two never will, because his brother was there. His brother went to hell. His brother grew up with their father. His brother made the same mistakes as him. His brother has been there for him his whole life, he understands Dean in a way no one else ever could. They don’t need to talk about it. If Dean tells Sam he wants to go out for breakfast, Sam can read the look in his eyes. Sam will demand they go to Dean’s favorite place, and Dean will complain that it’s too far away, but Sam will insist. Dean wouldn’t drive that far for himself, but he would do anything for Sammy. Above all else, Sam provides normalcy for Dean. When everything is crazy, at least Sam’s there the same way he always is.
But one day he high-fives Dean without ducking. And one day he listens to a Cass talking a little too loudly without wincing. And one day he barely reacts when Jack stands up too fast.
When he accidentally made Sam flinch, he would hurt himself. He messed up again, he had to teach himself a lesson.
When things go wrong, when too many problems pile up, when he messes anything up (no matter how big or small), when he’s in pain, or whenever he just can’t take it anymore, his brain leaves.
He doesn’t think he’ll ever be completely fine, but he’s getting closer every day.
Dean feels like he should’ve been the first to notice- it’s his brother; they spend every second together. But that was the problem.
It helps a lot. Jack is young and impressionable. Having everyone in his life encourage him not to do something is a great motivation to try to stop.
Jack vows never to be the reason Cass leaves. It’s, of course, a promise he isn’t very good at keeping. But he takes over many of the jobs Castiel holds himself responsible for, tying to lessen the burden. He tries to seem happy so that Cass won’t feel like a failure. He stays up late solving problems so that they can’t pile up too much. He tries to keep Cass as happy and calm as is possible with their lifestyle.
so pretty much i just got this idea and went with it, i wrote this really quickly so i know it’s not the best but just go with it. i tried. i hope you like it!
thank you for reading, lmk if you would be at all interested in an actual fic about them living with each other’s habits instead of just a description.
When things get hard, Cass leaves. Not literally, he lost his ability to teleport long ago. But rather, his brain leaves the real world behind and he is lost in his head.
He’s not okay, but he’s getting closer every day. His family is making sure of it.
Sam starts inviting Jack to workout with him. He hopes Jack will like the way his muscles burn more than the way bruises sting. Jack likes feeling something in a way he knows his family will approve of. It’s not long before he’s on his way to becoming a threat with or without his powers. Sam has never been more proud of his son.
The two of them had a long talk about self-harm and the dangers of it, as well as the reasons behind it. Jack did it for many reasons. Guilt, frustration, anger, anxiety, impatience, self-hatred, being overwhelmed, and many others. They talked about alternatives and how to ask for help.
Sometimes he goes to Jack to act like the child he never was. They’ll watch cartoons, or bake, or play stupid games. They’ll break the rules that Dean couldn’t without the excuse of a kid. Because if he does it with a kid then he’s a good father, if he did them alone he would be immature. They have a paintball fight in the bunker, they play stupid pranks on Sam and Cass, and they let go of their worries, if only for a time.
Sam had walked into the room, softly asking for an explanation. His mind had at first gone to Dean and he was on the edge of throttling his older brother.
Sam tries to help the medical aspect of things. When Cass was human he used to hook him up to an IV and give him a feeding tube when the episodes lasted for more than a day. Now though, he gives Cass objects which are supposed to ground him. Fidget toys, a diary (“Shut up Dean, we’ve all seen yours”), some essential oils, and anything he thinks will either prevent Cass from leaving or or anything that might help bring him back faster.
The next day they pay attention, and realize Jack was right. Sam flinches often- more than often. It’s constant.
Cass makes it better.
But sometimes, when Dean yells, he goes into his head. He’s not good with conflict, he never has been. He can’t deal with the guilt and the pressure of whatever he did wrong this time, so he leaves (or at least his brain does). He feels bad, he knows it upsets Dean, but he can’t control it.
The bruises.
Jack shows a lot of weakness around Sam, shows that he isn’t all powerful. He lets Sam see his injuries, and makes sure it’s him, not Cass or Dean, that Jack goes to with questions anyone his “age” should know. He watches cartoons that even he finds slightly too childish, and does anything to downplay how powerful he actually is.
That night is a terrible one for everyone. Cass zones out for hours. Dean drinks. Sam flinches every time Dean brings the bottle to his lips, and every time he brings it back down. Jack hides in his room, ignoring the alternatives Sam had told him about.
(See the end of the chapter for
But now he has skin with patches of bruises instead of the other way around.
And it helps.
i don’t know what i’m saying anymore. i’m sorry. i promise the version of this story that lives in my head is much better.
They all are.
It’s not much.
“Why does Sam flinch so often?”
The next day when Jack is harshly tapping on his leg as he waits for his food to heat up, Dean gently places his hand over Jack’s, forcing the kid to stop. Once he does, Dean takes his hand off without a word. He counts the fact that Jack doesn’t start again as a win. Dean also makes a point to compliment the kid as much as he can. He tells Jack that he’s proud of him, and tells him when he’s done a good job. He compliments his intelligence and hard work. He makes sure the kid isn’t overworking himself, and that he knows he deserves breaks.
i’ll kiss you on the mouth if you leave a comment
He does it less now.
They’ll find dozens of beer bottles littering the floor of his precious room. They’ll find dents in the walls. And when things are really bad they’ll find bruises on themselves.
Sometimes it lasts for minutes, sometimes hours, and sometimes days.
When he failed to stop Cass from leaving, he would take out his guilt and frustration on himself. It was supposed to be his job to stop it, and he couldn’t even do that.
He still punches himself. He still channels his guilt and anxiety into pain, and he still believes he deserves it.
if you don’t comment then you’re a trump supporter
Sam told Dean and Cass what he had seen and talked about.
They all do. Whatever “it” is, they help. They’re his distraction, they’re his lifeline, They’re his family.
When Dean yelled at him, he knew he messed up. And he knew he needed punishment. When Dean hit him, he made sure to hit himself more afterwards, because he knew he deserved it. When Dean yelled at or hurt Sam or Cass, Jack would punch himself even harder for not redirecting Dean’s anger towards himself. Sam and Cass didn’t deserve to take on Dean’s wrath, he did and he needs to be punished for not doing it.
And it doesn’t change much. Sam still flinches. He still jumps at sudden movements and loud noises, still leans away from touch.
And his is there to family make sure that, eventually, none of the marks on his body will ever be self-inflicted.
So it’s understandable that he isn’t exactly what anyone would define as “okay.”
Dean repositions him so that he’s comfortable. He tells stories and presses himself against Cass so they they're cuddling, because Cass said he likes that. Before they started dating he used to practice telling Cass his feelings since he knew the other man could only hear his voice, but couldn’t hear what he was saying. Dean stays with him as much as he can during these episodes.
Sam makes it better.
this is the last one. you can all sleep easily knowing it’s finally over.
And that’s not to say things never go wrong. Dean still drinks too much. He still punches walls and he still punches Sam and occasionally Cas and Jack. But he’s getting better.
, serious and contemplative, a warmth in his gaze fixed on Castiel’s face. It makes his insides melt. He also notices Dean being a little kinder to himself: going to bed at a regular time, letting Sam sneak in a vegetable or two when he makes burgers (with fewer and fewer grumblings). Drinking more water. Asking for what he needs. As the days go on Castiel catches Dean smiling more easily.
As the final repetition of heavy guitar bursts back in under Page’s raw vocals, Dean feels a few tears slide free and he takes a bitter mouthful of his beer.
Nothingness stretched in every direction. Castiel turned a slow circle, listening, feeling the pull like the sweet ache he had come to live with tucked cozy beneath his ribs.
Surprise and warm satisfaction suffuse the barista’s face and he smiles, too, and holds out his hand, which Dean readily accepts. Big, and warm, and grip firm without being uncomfortable. Dean is so absorbed in imagining what those hands might feel like in certain…
Castiel pulls back from Dean, and when Dean tugs gently on Cas’ hair he pulls back further still, studying Dean’s face, looking simultaneously like he can’t believe his luck and that Dean will be snatched away from him at any moment. Dean presses his thumb to Cas’ bottom lip, takes in the blue of his eyes from up close, and waits, unsure of what’s going to happen next, wandering into uncharted waters.
“Dean, when I told you how I feel… I didn’t intend for it to become a burden to you. I simply wanted you to know… you are loved, wholly and unconditionally. I never… I didn’t want you to feel like you
But… Cas is always there. Like the stars, dependable and bright, he is always exactly where Dean needs him. He’s there whether Dean thinks he deserves it or not. And tonight is definitely one of those nights where Dean is not going to question a thing about what he’s got going on with Castiel, former-angel-of-the-Lord and all-time-badass, except when it comes to the kitchen.
“Hey!” Dean yelps, insulted on the dragon’s behalf. “Dragons aren’t reptiles! They’re… they’re just
Castiel keeps waiting for the silence to turn awkward, for Dean to realize where he is and what they’ve done and then panic. He’s not so certain he’ll keep from panicking, himself. There’s no going backwards, from this. He’d thought telling Dean how he felt would change things, and it did – but not this dramatically. They can’t uncross this line. No matter what happens next, this will always exist between them.
“It’s about time,” Charlie mutters. Castiel gives her a
“Yeah,” Dean laughs, then sobers. “Um, hey,” he starts, shoving his hands into his pockets, forcing himself to meet Cas’ eyes. It’s not a big deal. He can do this. “Can we talk? About… what just happened?” Dean hopes Cas can’t hear his heart pounding in his fucking throat.
. Nothing else. Certainly not tears because — and Jesus fucking
. He can’t remember anyone besides family ever taking such an interest in him, in being with him, and clearly wanting to
imagined it, plenty, sue him – he’d somehow never thought that kissing Castiel would feel so… normal. Like it was just an extension of who they were and how they interacted. Like they were already so deeply a part of one another that this mere brushing of lips was only a reminder that they… belonged. That, for better or worse, they were bound.
. His best friend, his rescuer, someone who has loved him for a long time, without expecting anything in return. How could he possibly reject Cas just because he’s not human? Dean doesn’t care that he isn’t human. He doesn’t care what Cas
Rowena might have gone about obtaining Castiel’s feathers.
Sam also rolls his eyes, but at the request or their antics it’s hard to say. He grabs the plate with all the fixin’s on it (not just bacon, jeez, Dean’s not an
Dean come for him?
today, he can just tell.
“Dean, I don’t– are you–?”
He comes up to the pastry case in an embarrassed hurry. “Forgot my coffee,” he mumbles, grabbing it from the top of the case and flashing a self-deprecating smile at Castiel before beating a hasty retreat. “I’m going. For real this time.”
In an instant Dean can feel himself release countless moments of tension, things he didn’t even realize he was holding onto melting out of him when Castiel responds to the kiss with a fervor Dean absolutely should have expected. Cas grabs onto the open edges of Dean’s shirt and hauls him closer, the force of the movement making them fall back against the wall.
Well, despite that summary, I can officially say there's pretty much nothing but more unrepentant fluff in this chapter.
for an indeterminate moment, thinking how very strange this all is, but how right and wonderful, too.
For a few harrowing steps, they’re wandering practically blind in a cornfield in the middle of the night, stalks cut to the quick, the brittle remains of this year’s harvest crunching and clacking together beneath their feet. But then the blue-white glow of Cas’ grace grows and floods the area. It starts as merely outlines of the broken cornstalks, each line and leaf limned in a silvery sheen, before it balloons into something painfully bright in the darkness.
“Hey! Where are you going?” Dean calls, watching Cas diminish the further into the field he goes. He hears Sam kill the engine and get out of the car, coming around the front to join him in staring off into the night.
Dean is orchestrating this.
He was a shield, and a shield’s only purpose was to protect. So protect, he would. No matter how much Dean raged, or bargained, or cajoled, or begged, Castiel could not go to him in this place where they were stripped down to their very essence. If he did – if he allowed himself – then there would be nothing stopping them from seeing each other bare. And Castiel didn’t know if they would survive it. Certainly, it would be a path that, once traversed, would be impossible to retrace. A seal that, once broken, would drag them into each other’s orbit ever faster, an event horizon of feeling leading to their souls colliding so powerfully, they would be forever tethered.
He’s alone in his bedroom but the bedside lamp is switched on and a chair is resting beside the bed, a book placed open, spine up, on the seat. He can’t see the title from where he’s laying, but Dean’s too tired and definitely not curious enough to push himself up for a better look.
Castiel looks like he swallowed a lemon. “I thought, after what happened,” he says, subdued, “it would be best to… let things remain as they were.” He’s still staring at his shoes.
“Cas…” Dean breathes, a barely-there sound. He clenches his fists to keep himself from reaching out again. But Castiel inches toward Dean as though compelled, and that’s about as much self-control as Dean can muster anymore; something finally gives and he steps into Cas’ space, over that invisible threshold, hands coming up to frame the other man’s face, waiting. When Castiel finally looks up at him, catches his eye, Dean leans their foreheads together, a shaking, relieved breath punching out of him.
– this feeling is enough.
Dean. It’s– this is… a gift.”
And goddamn, his heart is fit to burst, knowing the truth of it in the depths of his soul.
(See the end of the chapter for
Dean hears the violence contained in Castiel’s angry voice, but he ignores it, knowing Cas won’t hurt him. He doubles down and closes the door, plunging the room into twilight. He walks in with the tea held before him like a peace offering — or maybe a weapon — his eyes on the huge wings circled around Castiel like a shield.
It’s not too long after Sam left to head home, but he picks up almost right away, and Dean can hear the hum of tires over asphalt through the line. “Hey, Dean, what’s up? Everything okay?”
“Yes, I — ” Castiel stops, swallowing thickly. He throws a glance around the darkened field and takes in a lungful of air before looking at Dean again, his eyes an otherworldly blue. “I’m alright,” he says eventually, though Dean’s not completely sure about that. “I — I can control it, now.”
Dean gives Sam a minute to get used to being upright before they start tearing the house apart looking for Castiel. Dean knows there are all manner of places Cas could’ve smuggled himself into, and he looks in every corner of every room, every dusty nook and cranny. He goes outside and peeks under the raspberry bushes, the lavender beds, the wisteria. He checks under the front porch. He looks inside his mailbox.
The look on Cas’ face is pretty much how Dean feels: eyebrows raised and eyes wide, shock in every inch of him, maybe a pinch of hope in the way he sways further into Dean’s space. Dean can feel his stomach doing flips and come
He’s about to just say fuck it and open the door when Castiel’s gruff voice comes from inside. “Go away, Dean,” he says, and Dean has to stomp on the lick of irritation that flares up.
could.” Shifting uncomfortably, Dean mumbles, “He also might have said– uh, something about it meaning– meaning more if
just the icing on today’s shitcake.
Gritting his teeth angrily against the threat of tears, Dean gets out of the car and breathes deep. He can hear birds chirping at each other, insects droning, the mighty yet gentle
Pretty much followed this prompt straight up. ^.^;
In his hand, Castiel’s feather bursts into blue flame.
, is the next logical step.
Except… except he
perfect, either, bitch. Don’t think I forgot about that time at the state fair.”
You can come find me on
He’s done being afraid, though. He’s so, so done with it.
Sam gave him a wry look. “As sure as I ever am about anything,” he answers, grinding a pestle into their old stone mortar like it had harmed him personally. His hair falls in his face as he works, obscuring his expression, but Dean can hear the tightness in his brother’s voice. Good to know they’re both freaking out, then.
And while that is a wonderful, cozy feeling that makes his chest feel warm, Dean suddenly thinks of something absolutely
Dean practically pouts, but doesn’t deny it. He shrugs, prompting Castiel to reach for his chin, tucking his fingers underneath and turning Dean to face him.
Dean thinks he ought to do something about this; if Cas
human being, more than he loved anything in the entirety of his Father’s dominion. And in doing so, became the only agent of free will in the entirety of his Father’s dominion.
An ache effortlessly soothed away under the onslaught of
“Dean,” Castiel says as he once again brushes his thumb lightly over Dean’s skin, “you… care about everything so deeply.
As a baking companion, Dean has to admit, Cas kinda sucks.
This close, Dean gets a noseful of fresh-cut grass and the way the air smells right before a thunderstorm, things that he supposes Cas has always smelled like, only now there’s an undercurrent of burnt metal that stings Dean’s nose and that has terror zinging and zipping around inside him while they pick their way carefully over broken glass, shards crunching under their shoes like lethal foliage.
Dean rolls his eyes. “Y’think?” he says, no energy left to stop himself from responding sarcastically.
Sam and Dean exchange a look. Sam’s got this frown on his face that looks like it lives there, and Dean can see he’s already picking through possible longer-term solutions, but for now…
Underneath all of it: love, so righteous and so powerful not even God’s own ineffable plans could stop Castiel from embracing it with all that he was.
“Sammy!” he shouts over the crowd, spotting Sam a few booths down with Eileen. “Sam!” Sam looks up from Eileen, sees Dean, and waves. Dean indicates for them to stay put and then turns to Castiel, who is beside him bundled up to the nines against the cold. Hat pulled low and scarf wrapped high, the tip of his nose is all the more visible for its redness, and Dean leans in and kisses Castiel there, earning him a pleased laugh.
“Dean, what are you doing?” he hears Sam ask, but it’s like it’s coming to him from a hundred miles away over a string attached to a tin can.
Dean comes home from the bakery laden down with a bag of pastries and a brooding look. Shouldering his way in through the back door, he leaves it propped open to catch the crisp October breeze while he tosses the white, grease-stained bag of baked goods onto the counter next to his coffee maker. He hangs up Baby’s keys on the empty hook closest to the sink, watching them glint in the sunlight streaming in through his kitchen window as they swing to a standstill. He shucks his green army jacket and tosses it over the back of a chair, then sinks down into it, head in his hands.
Dean doesn’t know how long it takes him to find calm. The sun shines on him relentlessly, the air warming more than he’s come to expect for this early in spring. He sheds his flannel, drops it to the grass beside the jar before sinking to his knees again, numb to the beauty around him as he continues to take Castiel’s ashes, one handful at a time, and spread them into the moist brown earth.
Dean marks his place in
“It was actually a lot more complicated than that,” Sam’s voice suddenly says from the doorway. “We needed a particular planetary alignment, not to mention waiting for the barrier between Earth and the Empty to thin out a little.” Sam speaks plainly, as though it wasn’t an enormous achievement to open a door into a place never meant to be touched from this plane of existence, never mind figure out a way to bring
“I don’t want to be anywhere else,” he whispers, and it’s the truth, it’s always been the truth.
And he turns, beelining for the kitchen.
Dean’s pulse jumped in his throat. The gesture made him feel somehow even more vulnerable than the kiss they’d shared, but he didn’t pull away. He liked it, this wild, unfettered thing inside him, this feeling of endless possibility. They walked the rest of the way to the school in a friendly silence, hands held and swinging gently between them.
“I hope you know by now,” Cas says, serious and sincere, “I will always choose to save you. Since I met you, that’s all I’ve ever cared about, Dean. Keeping you safe.”
. Who cares that something inside him is egging him on relentlessly to just
“Wait, Dad, I can explain–”
that is Castiel’s dick shoved up against Dean’s thigh. Cas levels a positively molten look at Dean and rumbles, “I
“Uh, thanks, Cas. I guess. For, you know. Correcting that assumption,” Sam says, sounding strangled.
“Forgive yourself?” Cas asks, confused frown drawing the corners of his mouth down, which Dean
He shakes his head again and says, “Anyway. Thanks, Cas,” staring hard at their hands on the table, joined, the tender touch somehow exactly what Dean’s wanted since Cas had laid his bleeding hand on his shoulder in the bunker all those months ago. For that one instant, Dean had thought Cas might hug him or — or
“Wha– what the
Dean stares down at his hands. Clenches them together. Wonders what in the fuck is wrong with him, not for the first time. “Cas,” he chokes out. Clears his throat, and tries a little louder: “Cas, wait.”
Dean closes the last of the distance between them, tentatively reaching out to cup his hands around Castiel’s elbows. When Cas doesn’t pull away, Dean slides his hands up Cas’ arms and rests them on his neck, thumbs under his jaw and tilting his head back ever so slightly.
“Damn,” he finally manages, and Castiel growls warningly, “Get out!” He looks away from Dean, his wings drawing closer around him, face aflame.
“One moment,” he replies, distracted, and Dean has to bite his lip at the sound. Mmff. It should be
Everything Dean would love to say comes crowding back into his throat, refusing to die. Despite his best efforts, a tear slips free and slides hot down his cheek. Dean wipes at it with the heel of his hand and then presses both palms to the table, exhausted beyond anything in recent memory. As much as he had wanted Cas back, as much as he had missed the hell out of him — Dean was also just trying to let sleeping dogs lie, y’know? Cas had made a sacrifice, and some part of Dean wanted to honor it, even if it meant he’d be fucking miserable, and look how well that’s turned out.
“Yeah,” Dean stammers, suddenly feeling butterflies swarm in his gut. “No problem, man.” He stands staring at Cas a moment longer before he snaps back into himself and comes in just enough to leave the mug of tea on Cas’ desk. “Anyway, um. If you need me. Anything. If you need anything, I’m just down the hall.” He jerks his thumb over his shoulder and starts backing out the door.
And now Jack?” Dean shakes his head, still speaking to his whiskey. “I’m fucking exhausted, dude. Grieving over and over and over again. Feeling–” He swallows hard before he continues: “completely hopeless. And then just– I dunno, having people dropped back in your lap alive and breathing? Like they were never even gone in the first place?” Tossing back the remains of his drink, Dean pauses only for a second before he pours himself another hefty dose from the bottle waiting at his elbow.
“What happened?” Sam asked, the serious look in his eye too mature for a kid his age. “Are you okay?”
Castiel reaches out first. Of course he does. Of
Breaths clouding, light snow falling, it feels almost too still to be real outside. Castiel walks beside Dean inside their little bubble of chilly quiet, a tiny, secret smile on his face, eyes on the sidewalk ahead of him. Dean can’t quite stop staring at Castiel’s face, still can’t quite believe what his eyes are telling him and that Castiel is really
“You’re thinking very loudly,” Cas observes, and Dean looks down at his hands, clenched together in his lap.
dragon. For some weirdo reason, Castiel had… chosen Dean, and Dean finds himself feeling so genuinely honored to be chosen by such a remarkable creature.
“And you know I care about both of you, right?”
Dean shrugs. “You told me, once…” He trails off, staring hard into the contents of his glass as though he could find the right words swirling around in all that alcohol if he just looked long enough. He’s not great at Big Emotions at the best of times, and this is about as far from the best of times that Dean thinks they can get.
“Look, Sam, right now you’re the only one with half a freakin’ clue about what’s going on here —” Dean growls, cutting himself off.
“Uh,” Dean starts, wetting his lower lip and definitely not missing the way Castiel’s eyes drop down to Dean’s mouth. “no, no, that’s not. Um. Shit.” He shakes his head, trying to form a complete coherent thought. “Sorry, Cas, I’m just– I’m just surprised. Okay? I didn’t know, uh, that you could, y’know.” He gestures at all of Castiel with his hand, waving it in front of him from head to toe. “Do this.”
Dean’s chair crashes to the library floor with a loud
He doesn’t have the convenient buffer of the younger Winchester brother here to help matters, either. Sam is at Eileen’s, as he has been every weekend since things had settled down for the three of them here in the bunker. Castiel doesn’t know if this is some standard human
Dean tips Castiel’s head back and exposes his neck. The noise and the sliding, insidious movements in his periphery are starting to become unbearable. His hands are fucking
. “I’ve always had a thing for vampires, anyway.”
Sam rolls his eyes good-naturedly. “Sure, Dean.”
A minute passes in tense silence. Dean drums his fingers on the table, chewing on his lower lip. He tips his head back and says on a sigh, “I can’t remember a time in my life where ‘the circumstances’ weren’t just a giant fucking mess that I was expected to clean up.” He leans forward again, elbows on the table, fingers idly dancing across the rim of his glass. “I’m just– I’m so tired of the rollercoaster, man.”
For a second, Dean’s brain comes back online to freak out because they’re in the middle of the bunker’s entryway. They’re in the middle of the entryway in the middle of the night and even though it’s unlikely, it’s still possible for Sam to walk in on them, and for that split second, Dean thinks,
For all Dean knew, it was.
He could hear Dean’s voice, clear as a bell in his ear, though he was as far from Dean as he could bear to be. The rich baritone distracted him, pulled him out of the fight and gave the pair of vampires attacking him an unexpected advantage. They pressed in on Castiel, gripping his arms with fingers turned to claws, and he struggled to fend them off, barely managing to keep their teeth from finding his neck.
Dean knows, though, he can’t keep these, no matter how badly he wants to. He squeezes his eyes shut, brings his hand to his mouth and presses his closed fist to his lips, tamping down on another sob threatening to erupt from his chest. He kisses his own fingers, dusted fine with the white powder of burnt bones, and opens his hand and his eyes, letting the breeze carry the last of Castiel away.
Sam tosses Dean an annoyed look before he coughs and stands, fiddling with the ragged, worn edges of his paperback and staring at his hands with deep concentration.
“That’s–” Dean can almost hear Sam shifting gears in his head. “Huh. That’s kinda true, actually,” he says finally, surprise coloring his voice.
“There’s nothing creepy about it!” Charlie looks around the coffee shop and plants her hands on her hips. “People do it all the time. This is how we live our lives, Castiel. People
He’d barely made it a few steps before Dean heard the sound of someone
“If you really have to ask me,” Meg said after a moment, “then I don’t even know what to say to you, Castiel.” She sniffed, slapped her palms on the sodden wood of the dock, and pushed herself to her feet. She stood beside him, looking at the darkening sky and shaking her head. Castiel saw a few tears slip free, sliding down her cheek and under her chin.
“I needed an excuse to talk to him,” Castiel says, and Charlie squeals at him before turning on a mock frown.
Castiel shifts in his seat, leaning away from Dean and raising an eyebrow. “Unless, of course, you prefer I go. I don’t want my presence to make you uncomfortable.”
A sudden noise echoes over to them from further down the hallway, and they both freeze. For several long, terrifying seconds Dean thinks they’re caught; however much he thinks he’s ready to do this thing with Cas, he doesn’t want Sam to find out by walking in on something he’d consider scandalous
He figures, kid being omnipotent and all, Dean doesn’t have to spell it out any more than that.
“Well,” he announces loudly, “I’m going for a shower now. See you two – uh.” He coughs again. “See you guys later.”
in their wheelhouse but they’ve figured out crazier shit than this, right? Dean knows Jack isn’t gonna step in, but if Heaven’s back online and Cas is welcome there, maybe it’ll be as simple as returning him topside for a while. He looks over at Sam helplessly, and all he finds on his brother’s face is an answering frown.
Dean goes.
“Are you going to kiss me, or what?”
Fortunately, he sees Castiel stopped several booths behind, completely absorbed. Dean yells over to Sam that they’ll catch up in a bit and pushes his way through the crowd back to Castiel’s side.
“As I told you, I’m not entirely in control of how my grace manifests at the moment.”
, he sways his hips a little as he fries up the bacon. He catches Castiel moving from the corner of his eye, the dragon bobbing up and down with Dean as he dances in his kitchen. A grin spreads across Dean’s face.
Their bond was indeed a profound one, forged in the fires of Perdition, but here in Purgatory they were pure. Nothing at all stood between their souls made tangible, and that thrilled and terrified Castiel, Angel of Thursday, in every atom of his being.
Dean grabs his jacket and pulls it on, and reaches for his keys, gloves, scarf, and hat, bundling himself up thoroughly because seriously, fall is beautiful, but being cold
he’ll do. Or, you know, tells Dean to fuck off. Either way Dean will be done with all this waiting.
– he could spend days going through all of the fucked up things he and Cas had survived. But they survived it. All of it, together. In fact, he’s pretty sure that the only reason they’re even still
He watches as the barista puts the London Fog down next to the double sink behind the counter, then reaches for a plastic to-go cup full to the brim with what Dean can only presume is, in fact, his iced coffee. He brings it over to Dean with an apologetic smile, but something about the glint in his eyes tells Dean it’s not entirely sincere.
Still petting down Cas’ back with shaking hands, Dean winces when Cas’ tongue catches a rough edge of the bite, the sensation momentarily bleeding through the numbness. He can’t explain why his voice is shaking, too. “Not really, no.”
“Hey little dude,” he murmurs, letting his finger dip down into the divot between its wings. “Or dudette, whatever. Wake up, time to go.”
Pushing the door open with his shoulder, Dean thinks to ask Cas if he needs anything from his room, but the question never makes it out of him.
that. Of his own free will – free will he wasn’t even ever supposed to
for all of her help developing this story and cheerleading it through the finish line. She's wonderful! ::squeeze::
Cas’ choice. Dean doesn’t have to agree with it or like it. He just has to be supportive.
“Um.” Sam sounds suddenly even more uncomfortable. “Should I leave you two alone?” he jokes weakly, and Dean lets out a quiet laugh.
“Tryin’ to fatten me up, Cas?” Dean murmurs, teasing, and Castiel laughs softly, relaxing into Dean’s arms. This close, Dean gets a good noseful of flour, but he notices that Cas also smells of powdered cocoa, rich and dark and inviting. He smells like a bakery and it
Dean came back to the present moment in the bathroom, Sammy watching him with the worried face Dean hated to see on his brother, and shook his head, rueful. “Don’t worry about it, Sammy,” he said.
“You got nothin’ to say to that?” Dean asks eventually, wrapping his traitorous hands around his abandoned glass, willing them steady because, no, he is
“I’d hardly call this a fight. It’s barely an argument,” Cas says in a surprisingly gentle voice. “I’ve hurt you,” he says, contrite, and Dean ignores the twinge behind his ribs at the admission. “You’ve every right to be angry.”
I don’t wanna talk to Cas!” He turns with the intention of storming off, done with this whole line of thinking for the rest of
right when Cas was back from the Empty. He
He turns to Cas, too, raising his eyebrows and chewing at him expectantly. When Castiel raises his eyes to Dean, he’s surprised to see a shyness there again, something he’d never expected of Cas but now finds utterly endearing. He can’t get enough of it.
Thee Pink Panties
. This Dean, who was getting old and tired and was relentlessly flawed; this one, who flaunted god’s plans for him and abused Castiel to his limits, who’s been bratty and mean and sometimes downright cruel – Castiel fell in love with
it, this is my house.”) and pours them both generous mugs of coffee. As Cas starts chirping excitedly in his pocket, Dean digs into the cabinet next to the stove for some Advil and brings the bottle to the table with their plates. He passes it silently to Sam, who takes two blue pills out of the bottle and tosses them in his mouth, swallowing them dry.
“Hey,” he says lightly, “can I get a name so I know who to complain to management about?” He offers his flirtiest smile, flicks his eyes to his iced coffee, and then looks back up with his eyebrows raised.
The dragon looks up at Dean with his blue eyes huge in his face, expression solemn and almost willful, like he’s trying to directly beam his thoughts into Dean’s brain. Dean chews on his lip as he starts slicing a tomato, and one of those faint gossamer memories spins itself into something solid. He looks at the dragon again and suggests, “How does– what about Castiel?”
His need to take care of his brother satisfied, Dean turns and walks down the hallway to his bedroom. Castiel chirrups right next to Dean’s ear and Dean startles, stumbling a step on the way to the bed. “Gonna give me a heart attack, Cas. Shit,” he mutters.
“Hey,” Dean says, looking down with narrowed eyes. “Isn’t that
and she took away the one whose loss would hurt him deepest.
okay, but even in the face of Castiel’s return he can’t bring himself to cross the threshold they’ve been standing on for years now. Dean knows himself well enough to know it’s because he’s fucking terrified. He’s no coward. But he’s not sure he would survive losing Castiel again. And if he lets Cas any closer? If he actually lets him in? Forget it. The next time Cas dies, Dean would be obliterated.
As they clasp hands and wander back in the direction Dean last saw Sam and Eileen, Dean can’t help but notice the expression that lingers on Castiel’s lips and around his eyes. Leaning over, Dean lets his lips brush against the shell of Castiel’s ear as he murmurs, “
Dean blinks.
His jaw works another minute before Dean manages to choke out, “Cas–” and the way he drops his eyes to the panties dangling from Castiel’s fingers before glancing back up in alarm and swallowing visibly, makes the metaphorical light bulb go off over Castiel’s head.
“Yes,” Cas says again. His smile turns endearingly shy as he adds: “It seems I can’t stop thinking about kissing you, even when I’m asleep.”
A brief, tense silence fills the kitchen before Cas lets out a huff. “Well,” he says, “it looks as though this is how I will appear, for now.” He drops his hands to his lap, then brings them up and lays them flat on the table before clasping them in front of him, fidgeting. “It would probably be safest for me to remain in the bunker until I’ve reconnected with this vessel.”
“Well, I said dragons are a lot like… like bowerbirds, right? They make. Um. They make, you know, um. Oh! Fancy nests, right.” He shifts his weight from side to side, and Dean eyes him warily, wondering if Sam was indeed steady on his feet. “Uh, I maybe should have clarified? They build the fancy nests when they want to. Um. Attract a mate?”
, but a sudden selfish impulse tells him to save this last little bit so he’ll at least have
“Here, honey,” his mother said, coming into the room with a sad smile and a mug full of tea. She sat on the edge of Castiel’s bed and put the mug on his nightstand before she reached for his left hand and grasped it tightly between hers.
“Jesus Christ, Dean, you can’t
“What the fuck!” he yells, spilling hot coffee all over the counter, when the wriggling shape resolves itself into something resembling a miniscule white snake.
and Dean would bet good money he tastes
’ as though the only thing he could ever want was Castiel, coming when he calls; as though the only truth was Dean with Castiel because anything else made no sense. That ‘
Castiel got his first tattoo at sixteen.
to get himself under control.
He’s stirring milk into his coffee and reaching for a gingerbread muffin leftover from yesterday when he feels Castiel’s arms slide around his waist from behind.
When they reached their bicycles and walked out to the front of the school, ready to go their separate ways, Dean hesitated for a minute before ducking down to kiss Aaron once more, just to see if somehow, that first one wasn’t a fluke.
Dean shoves his phone back into his pocket, muttering “bitch” under his breath. He huffs out a sigh before reaching for his pen. He picks it up and the dragon gives a little hop, balancing on its hind legs and flaring its wings out to continue its vicious attack on Dean’s innocent writing utensil. Dean notices a flash of darker blue on the dragon’s underside. Curious, he teases the dragon with the pen for a minute, watching it rear up and swat playfully, before scooping the creature up and turning it carefully onto its back.
angel —
They finish breakfast and Dean brings the dirty dishes to the sink to wash later. He puts a hand down for Cas to climb aboard the
A stifled, pained sound fills the silence, and Dean turns back to Cas. He leans close to him, and he can’t stop himself from reaching out, cradling Cas’ neck, pushing fingertips into his damp, tousled hair. He manages to squash the urge to grab Cas’ hand, at least, berating himself for even having the thought, especially with his anxious moose of a brother hovering over them.
“You were afraid,” Dean repeats, flat. “Cas. You — what’s worse than this? Than us doing the same sing-song and dance every time you — you leave and then miraculously come back?” He flings a hand out, gesturing between them and around the kitchen. “What were you planning to do, huh? Avoid me for the rest of eternity?”
No one is here to witness it, so Dean indulges in a full-blown goddamn tantrum. He knocks the lamp off his bedside table, relishing the pop and tinkle of the bulb bursting when it hits the floor. He sweeps papers from his desk in a long furious scrape and kicks his rolling chair clear across the room, before an abrupt thought pulls him up short:
Disoriented and sleepy, Castiel lets himself be pulled to his feet, and Dean only thinks about it for a second before laying a steadying hand on the small of Cas’ back, under the weird weightless warmth of his wings, guiding him out into the hallway that leads to their respective rooms.
Looking at Cas now, seeing how he carries this weight around with him, makes Dean’s heart ache. He knows he can’t let Cas keep carrying it alone anymore. He knows what he wants. And… and he believes that he can have it. He
Dean feeds Cas bites of egg in between scrolling through his emails and idly checking the news. The dragon eats like it doesn’t know where its next meal is coming from (
The following morning, Castiel is in his mug.
. Who thought Dean was his mate. And is now a– a
Dean tips his head back against the couch cushions, staring up at the ceiling as the room slowly spins. Time for him to tap out. He rolls his head to the side, looking over at Sam, who now has Castiel laying across one broad palm as he strokes the dragon from head to tail with the other. Cas’ face is blissful: his eyes are closed softly and he just looks so…
That he, unshakeable and antediluvian, was capable of such transmutation as this: overcoming his divine purpose to serve Heaven, and protect humanity, and obey God, he – unshackled and open-eyed – instead chose to serve himself, protect his love, and obey his heart. It was the most radical act of self-love he could have bestowed upon himself, listening to the secrets buried deep inside him, written into every mote of his being.
“These – aren’t Eileen’s,” Castiel observes. Dean mutely shakes his head, still looking mildly horrified and like he desperately wants to say something, anything, to get himself out of this conversation.
It’s this weird dance thing they’ve got going on, right? Dean comes in swaggering and by the time he’s made his order he’s a complete mess because Mr. Stuck-My-Finger-In-An-Electric-Socket-But-In-A-Good-Way has that goddamn
Sam raises his eyebrows. “‘Cas’?” he asks, reaching out a tentative finger for the dragon to sniff.
Dean shakes his head, but tells Sam anyway. “He traded his life for Jack’s. But the Empty only came for him when he — uh.” He stops, coughs, shifts in his seat before continuing: “Experienced true happiness, or whatever.”
Dean got his first tattoo at fifteen.
Dean eventually susses out that the dragon has been sneaking into the house in the afternoons when Dean comes home from the bakery. He realizes it as he battles with his keys and two overstuffed bags of groceries one day, trying to get the door unlocked without having to put anything down. Paper bags crunching as he props them up between his body and the doorjamb, he finally slides the key into the lock. As he does, he catches a white streak of movement in his peripheral vision. He looks up and sees the dragon holding tightly to the siding over the back door, frozen when it realizes it’s been caught.
“Well,” he says at last, standing and turning the dragon back over, mindful of its blissful lethargy as he drapes it on his shoulder, “let’s see about getting you all set up, huh?” The purring continues, volume increasing, as the dragon cuddles up close to his neck and snuffs up and down the sensitive edge of Dean’s ear. He feels a tiny warm wetness and realizes the dragon’s licked him – is still licking, actually, in what feels like teeny kisses.
“Dean.”
love with you,” he adds with an eye-roll. “I’m content with things as they are.”
Dean closes his eyes, opens his heart, and lets himself feel.
Dean throws a grateful look Sam’s way before bringing his gaze expectantly to Jack. Who is shaking his head, sad. “Unfortunately, no, Sam,” he says, and Dean can hear the pain in his voice. “Whatever rules govern the relationship between me and the Empty now, the only way it’s okay for me to stay here is if I don’t get involved.”
“Hey, Cas,” he says softly, not wanting to startle him. He gently bumps their shoulders together and sees Castiel smile. When he finally looks up at Dean, there is a light in his eyes that positively screams childlike delight.
He’d known, oh – for a long time – how much he loved Dean,
“Alright,” Dean says, smiling and rinsing out his mug before going about his coffee ritual with a tiny dragon curled up in his bathrobe pocket as though it were a perfectly normal thing for a dragon –
“Um, excuse me?” says the woman currently placing her order. She gives Dean the nastiest side-eye Castiel thinks he’s ever seen, but Dean is looking intently at Castiel’s face, ignoring her.
,” Cas’ disembodied voice insists, muffled through the door, grumpy and annoyed. “Leave me alone.”
coffee shop AU, barista!Cas, bi disaster!Dean, Dean has exactly zero chill, Charlie is an enabler, fluff, more fluff, and silliness.
pre-caffeine.
As soon as the words pass his lips Castiel wishes he could take them back. On Earth and conscious for only minutes, he has no intention of fighting with Dean or making him angry, and yet it seems he is unable to hold back the thoughts that, under normal circumstances, would rile the other man the most. But to his surprise, his assertion seems only to amuse Dean. A small, melancholy sort of smile crosses his face, and he finally decides to sit. His weight creates a tiny divot in the mattress, gravity grabbing at Castiel, too, and tipping him in Dean’s direction.
of being, with Castiel here in his arms. In his life. Sometimes, when he wakes in the night, screams lingering in his ears and memories haunting him, Dean wonders if this is real, and if it is, if he deserves it.
particular thought, he knows it’s the pot calling the kettle black). Dean throws an arm around Castiel’s shoulders and plants an exaggerated, sloppy-wet kiss on his cheek (“Gross, Dean, c’mon, we’re
The last straw is when Dean is making a black-bottom bourbon pecan pie for dinner with Sam and Eileen (he knows Sam can take pie or leave it, the
“‘Pretty nesting,’” Dean repeats, doodling in the corner of the page. The dragon is curled up on Dean’s thigh, wound around and around itself like a piece of iridescent rope. Dean drops a hand to the tiny creature and rubs his finger between its ears. He hears the soft purring sound this action often elicits and smiles down at the little white bundle on his leg, feeling its warmth bleeding through the denim of his jeans and into his skin. The dragon pushes its head up into Dean’s palm, a practical demand for more petting.
Cas should be here,
The little dragon is plainly thrilled by this development, circling and sniffing around the mug on the table, scampering up and into it and then immediately scurrying out and across Dean’s pillows, back and forth in wriggling joy. Cas finally settles down, curling protectively around his mug and purring, the picture of pure creature comfort. When Dean reaches out his hand to offer petting, Castiel meets him halfway, pushing his head up into Dean’s palm and rubbing against him, pleased.
This becomes Dean’s new morning ritual.
“Oh my god, what?” Anna said, concern and surprise warring in her voice. “Are you okay?” she demanded.
And all the while, he feels the tug of the gateway on him.
Dean lets out a laugh. “Who cares what we call him? Look, all that matters is that he got us back online.” He catches Jack’s small, proud smile and feels proud himself.
There’s a quiet, paper-dry whisper of book pages carefully turned.
“I don’t think it does, Dean,” Sam finally says, shaking his head. “I mean, you’ve changed a lot. When we first started looking for Dad? You wouldn’t have hesitated to put a bullet between Garth’s eyes when you found out what happened to him.” Sam looks up and meets his eye. “We’ve both done incredibly stupid things,” he goes on, “terrible things. But I like to think we’ve both changed, too, for the better.” He pauses, grinning. “Would’a made you a hypocrite if you guys started banging right when Cas showed up —”
Jack shakes his head again. “I can’t, Dean. I’m sorry,” he says, solemn. His honey-colored eyes bore into Dean’s when they make eye contact, and Dean gets a glimpse of who –
It had made perfect sense for Dean to take the lead here — right up until it didn’t. Something inside of Dean thrills at the notion, something so intrinsic he has to trust it, letting Cas call the shots.
” from Dean and he bounces back, rattled.
Dean sits back and starts undoing the buttons of Castiel’s overshirt. They’re both zeroed in on his hands, watching as he starts to unlayer Castiel, unwrap him, a gift. Dean’s weight as he sits back on Castiel’s thighs bleeds warm and solid into Cas. He drops his head back for the barest moment before leaning on his elbows and pushing Dean’s hands away, impatient with his pace.
“Sam was bound to make assumptions. I only want to avoid any misunderstandings.”
Dean’s breathing goes wonky. Thinking about Cas leaving the bunker makes his stomach roll. He doesn’t care what anybody else thinks. He knows he
much closer to the
Sam scoffs. “Dean–”
“You wanna elaborate on that, Sammy?” Dean finally asks, slowly, in a tone that screams
…right…?
“Hey!” Dean says in mock-offense. “I also take bribes in the form of alcohol and special-edition blu-rays,” he says primly, watching as Sam signs to Eileen. Dean’s picked up a word here and there in ASL, but since he only gets to see these two lovebirds every two weeks or so, he obviously hasn’t had as much practice as Sam.
“Yeah.”
He watches his friend take a steadying breath. Castiel straightens his stance and looks over at Dean with a determined glint in his eye. He takes a step closer. “Dean,” he says, calm. “I want to talk to you.”
in love with him and (B), he probably has been for a long time.
Dean leans closer, chasing after Cas’ retreat leisurely and slow. His heart jackrabbits in his chest, and he leans in the last few inches to press his mouth to Castiel’s. Cas’ lips are plush and pliant, softer than they look, and Dean hums, surprised. After the barest hesitation, Cas lets out a faltering gasp and presses back into the kiss, blissful sighs puffing warm and shaky against Dean’s cheek, and when Cas opens his mouth in invitation, Dean takes it, suddenly feeling like he’s found a piece of himself he didn’t realize was missing, but that Cas has carried for him and kept safe all these years, protected.
“Castiel!”
The hesitation in Cas’ voice makes Dean ache with the need to reassure, to comfort. “Cas,” he says gently, “man. I’ve seen a literal tentacle monster from another freakin’ dimension.” Dean shudders at the memory; that experience had, sadly, completely ruined tentacle porn forever. “I can legitimately say I’ve seen some of the
“But, I don’t know what to–”
Castiel’s mouth hovers bare millimeters from Dean’s as he whispers, “Yeah,” and then, gentle and deliberate, presses in and draws Dean’s lower lip between his own.
“She woulda liked you, I think,” he continues. “She was big on being kind to all creatures, big and small, you know?” If Dean had initially felt a little strange talking to a dragon just like he would talk to another person, that feeling is long since past. He tells him all about Mary Winchester as they continue through the house, searching for something Dean can try passing off as a nest, until he hears a weird gurgling noise. Looking down at the dragon, he hears it again and watches as the dragon’s tongue snakes out to lick at his own face. He looks up at Dean with nothing short of Sam-level puppy eyes as the little gurgle happens again.
He turns to look at Castiel and gets caught in his eyes, pulse suddenly hammering and movie completely forgotten when he realizes how close they are. Cas must realize it, too, because he flicks his gaze around Dean’s face with something akin to panic and sits back, maybe a little
Castiel whispers into the cool night air: “Do it.”
‘Son’ rattles around inside Dean’s brain, taking him by surprise and making his breath stick in his throat. Jack
They come to Dean’s room and he pushes the door open, ushering Cas inside. Dean heads for the dresser and digs out an old AC/DC tee and some loose pants and tosses them at Cas, who catches the clothes and looks down at them, perplexed, before squinting up at Dean.
With a sigh, Dean tries not to feel too sorry for himself that it’s been… literal
They drink in comfortable silence. Castiel squirms out of Dean’s hold and disappears up his t-shirt, reappearing on Dean’s shoulder a moment later. Dean smiles and moves to fill his glass for a second round when Sam speaks up, soft. “I wonder why Cas was in a mug…?” he muses, his face scrunched in a thoughtful frown.
Sam mutters something to himself, too quiet for Castiel to hear actual words. He is clearly talking to Dean, but it’s just as clear Dean is unconscious. Castiel prays,
. Instead he touches two fingers to Castiel’s mouth. Studies it, wets his own lips. The touch makes Cas’ cut sting, sticking to the pads of Dean’s fingers.
And the usual thanks to
The dragon doesn’t answer, of course. It just looks up at Dean with its little blue eyes in its little precious face, forlorn, and waits for him to feel guilty all on his own.
your best friend, and you’re
Sam looks at Cas’ pale face and shrugs helplessly. “I don’t know,” he says, apologetic. “I think, for now, he’ll be alright, but…”
Castiel’s not sure because he is looking at Dean and watching a pretty blush spread underneath his freckles, making them stand stark against his skin, but he thinks he sees Charlie pump a fist in victory behind the register.
After a few long minutes of blessed silence, his feet are kicked onto the table, the chair is tipped back, and the whole process begins anew.
The motel’s ancient AC kicks on, a
“That part, I can’t explain,” Sam admits, sitting down on the couch and pulling off his socks. “Gonna crash here,” he announces, laying down on the couch and closing his eyes. “Late. Tired. Don’t wanna go home.”
Dean twists to look up at him. “Okay, so, you can fix this, right?”
“Castiel.”
The floor comes up hard under Dean’s ass as his legs finally get the message from his brain to give up on being vertical. Sprawled on the ground and looking up now at his bed, he watches as Castiel sits up and gives him a look of mild concern. For the first time Dean gets a good look at Castiel and the blue tattoo on his body, narrow lines drawn from shoulder to shoulder meeting at a point right in the center of his chest and trailing down the midline of his abdomen, like a “Y”. If Dean had a shred of doubt, the tattoo erases it. He thinks of how much Castiel liked to have that stripe on his belly petted and the thought
“It figures the first time I need stitches Sam isn’t here,” Castiel pants, gripping the edge of the bed, jeans ruched up and rolled to the knees. He’s incredibly busy bleeding everywhere; he’s allowed to complain about the quality of care he knows he’s about to receive, thank you very much. He loves Dean, but they all know Sam has the best bedside manner when it comes to first aid.
things to Dean, okay?
“Meg, I didn’t–”
“Okay, Dean,” Cas says at last, and Dean feels his shoulders come down away from his ears.
“Tell me what you want,” Castiel whispers, watching the impulse to hide himself crawl across Dean’s face. He
After a long moment, Sam finally nods. “Okay, Dean,” he says, reaching for his book and drawing it back, and together they get to work.
. Their gazes collide and Dean’s brain sparks once like a firework before it completely short circuits.
Which he very deliberately makes correctly, this time.
A whining, ear-piercing shriek splits the air, and both brothers clap hands over their ears. The sound cuts off abruptly a moment later, and when Dean dares to steal a glance, he sees Castiel slowly sinking to his knees in the cornfield. He places his enormous hands flat on the ground and leans down, down, down, until his face is right there in front of Dean, taking up his entire field of vision. Castiel’s movement sends another warm gust of air towards Dean, getting inside his jacket, under his shirts, finding skin.
He attempts to approach it with math and logic, thinks, yes, golden and spiraling and ratios and perfection, and finds himself back where he started, loving and yearning in equal measure, but maybe it is the nature of anything time-bound; always spiraling back to what is, ultimately, immutable.
that caught your eye–”
for Dean, so if that first part is untrue it must mean the rest can be as well, and he is not, in fact, an unlovable, ruthless monster.
“Look, I didn’t think… I mean, someone said it, you’re built to serve God, and love Him and only Him and I thought – I guess I thought that’s the kind of love you meant.” Dean shrugs and glances away, realizing as he says it how completely stupid it sounds. “And then one morning I thought… man, you said the one thing you want, you can’t have, but.” Dean licks his lips and says, shaky, “But, what if you could?”
As Castiel walked slowly back to the blanket, he thought about their friendship over the years and suddenly saw things in a different light. He’d never – never thought about her as anything other than his closest, dearest friend, and he was saddened to discover they weren’t on the same page, the way he’d always thought they were.
“Actually,” Cas starts, hesitant, “I was thinking… I’ve always wanted to try my hand at – at gardening.” He looks over at Sam, then at his now-empty plate, and finally at Dean. The vial of his Grace hangs around his neck, innocuous, as much a part of him as always but contained, now, no longer a threat to his happiness. He offers Dean a small smile. “The greenhouse needs some work,” he goes on. He wraps his fingers around the vial, dimming its glow, and adds, “And an angel’s Grace is, at its essence, pure creation.” Worrying at his lower lip, he looks at the vial in his hand and finishes the thought. “I thought I’d use it to, uh, enrich the plant-life in our home?”
“Anyway,” Dean says, meeting Sam’s eyes. “I just, uh, wanted to let you know what’s on the line.” He hopes Sam gets it — he hopes he hears all of the things Dean can’t say, doesn’t dare to say, not yet.
, such as it is… he can’t bring himself to look at his unconscious human form again. He glances at Sam and sees his frown, contemplative rather than resigned.
“Yes.” Castiel gives him a sidelong glance. The corner of his mouth is tilted in a smug smile. “Something
looking like he doesn’t know where he stands with the Winchesters. Dean waves him over, and he comes, kneeling beside Cas’ prone form and laying a hand over his chest.
But Cas’ fingers loosen around Dean’s wrist, and he lets go, his eyelids drooping heavy as sleep comes to claim his exhausted body. His grace swirls and billows up out of him like a dust cloud as he falls back onto the pillow and suddenly it’s all Dean can do to keep himself from shaking Cas awake and asking him to say it all again.
And oh, what a taste it is: coppery warm and honey-sweet, salty and thick, it fills Dean’s senses and makes his head spin. A tiny sound escapes Castiel, something pleasured and surprised, and with a groan, Dean gathers Cas closer, pressing their bodies together while Cas’ fingers slide up Dean’s neck and into his hair, gripping tight.
