Dean went numb again. It was a strangely calm feeling. He walked over to Castiel, took the picture out of his hands and placed it back on the table. His eyes were set.
Jack saw Castiel and Charley reach the landing of the stairs, but there was a strange light growing behind them and smoke was beginning to billow across the ceiling.
“Daddy?” Meg asked, climbing back on the couch with her dinosaur toy and sitting against him. “Did you like Dean?”
"Cum, Sammy," Dean purred.
“Feel like trying something new?”
Castiel put his arm around her. “Yes, I did,” he told her quietly. He felt his eyes sting and he bit his cheek.
Sam was stony faced.
Gabe glared at his father. Meg had resumed singing ‘you’re in trouble’ under her breath and Dean tried to hush her.
Castiel didn't believe him. "It's just…" He stopped. He could tell at once that bringing up Mary was the wrong thing to do, so he searched for other words. They came to him with surprising ease. "Dean. You know I would do anything for you," he said seriously, "But I need to know that this is really what you want."
The demon chained to a chair cackled.
“No,” Dean said, wiping his hands on a napkin. “It sounded like the hospital called him and he called Sam, but… well, Sam was a day’s drive away. My dad is four hours. If he wanted to be here, he’d be here.” Dean threw the napkin in the trash and started on his fries.
Sam grinned. “You’re coming with me.” He said, “Come on. We both need a shower now.”
Finally, Crowley popped his lips off of Sam’s swollen skin, stroking the deepest mark he’d left on him yet, “Oh, Sam. You’re all mine.” Crowley’s gaze was fire. He raked his hand through Sam’s hair, about to bring himself to a second orgasm.
Castiel sat back down and watched Dean disappear into the laundry room down the hall. Once again he found himself wondering if it was normal for the local repairman to get so involved in helping a new family move in. Surely it was a little odd. His neighbors weren’t even coming by.
Castiel sighed and sat down. “Yes, it is,” he said, folding the newspaper neatly. “This is an old house. We’ve never lived in one like it before. Old houses have much more history, and it’s common for people to have passed away in them.”
“But, Dad, you said…”
burn off his fate, his curse.
Castiel looked patiently at them all. He got up without a word and walked out into the hallway. His kids all stepped back into his room, watching him heavily. Castiel looked around at the silent, empty hallway. He didn’t see any ghosts, but he could tell the looks of fear on his children's faces were genuine. Even Claire looked shaken. He checked the time, then took a deep breath.
In the next second, the vibrator shifted to its highest power, and the Sam felt his arousal flush out every other feeling in his body. It was so overwhelming that Sam almost went numb, but Dean kept striking the base, causing the sensations to reignite in Sam’s body. His mouth gaped silently at Dean, speechless with the force of his ecstasy.
“You should have come clean. Told me that you wanted to hear me talk dirty....”
“Char…” Castiel was surprised to hear how groggy his voice was when he spoke. “Bad dream?”
Castiel didn’t stir, but when Dean moved away Castiel looked up at him. Dean couldn’t remember the last time he’d looked Castiel in the eyes. They were closer than they’d ever been, and Dean saw something all too familiar in their clear, blue depths: something vulnerable and human. Dean didn’t realize he was doing it until it was too late. Castiel watched him, unmoving, as Dean leaned in against him and kissed his lips.
Jody’s daughter Alex and her friend Patience had come with, and they were chatting with Claire and Kaia. Claire had finished her zombie costume and had painted realistic wounds on her face as well as Kaia’s, who was also in zombified clothes. Alex was dressed as Bloody Mary, and Patience was Dorothy from Oz, complete with a little stuffed dog.
Castiel chuckled, but was suddenly struck by the possibility that despite all the jokes Dean might just have a grenade launcher in the back of his car. Castiel stared at Dean in realization, who innocently changed the subject back to the fire.
“It’s no problem, really. I like helping out,” Dean smiled at him.
Thoroughly miserable, Castiel led them inside. The Ghostfacers walked in like they were entering a museum. Harry was running his hand up and down the doorframe and Ed was murmuring reverently under his breath. Castiel gave his children a fleeting look before attempting to introduce them.
“It’s fine, really,” Castiel insisted. “I’ll clean it up.”
Dean’s breath left him at once, “...fuck.”
With that second bag, they could put everything they found in there.
It’s been three weeks since Jack became the new god. And Dean still had some trouble wrapping his head around that. After all, his adopted son became God. He really thought that he saw everything. They’ve been busy during those three weeks, visiting Jody and her girls for example. Dean still trying to overcome his grief and appear cheerful in front of his brother. Trying to make Cas’s sacrifice was not in vain.
“Who’s that?” ask his moose of a brother.
“Sinclair usually invites one kind of supernatural creature per day to see is collection. He always makes a visit tour himself so that he can cast a spell that makes the cell soundproof while he gloats about his prize. Nobody can hear you if you speak or insult the visitor. The spell lasts only a few hours, it starts when he arrives in the area and stops when all the visitors are gone.”
“What? Of course not! Why?!” Dean was under a lot of stress right now, so sorry for the outburst.
“Perhaps but there are ways to say it. You make it sound like it worse than it is.”
Dean moved to the side to try to see more stuff, but all he could detect was more paintings and sculptures. He really didn’t give two shit about art, even if he really like the beauty of the sword in front of him. All the stuff he could see was picturing angel and heaven things.
“Castiel”. The blue eyes guy responds with a head tilted, looking like a confused puppy.
He quickly took off his clothes and change into the guard’s uniform. It was a simple black jean and an assorted black belt with a blue shirt and a black vest with written Security in the back and on a pocket over his chest. Dean took off his shoes and put the black boots Castiel have given him. With that look, he could probably pass as a guard without any issues.
Thanks for reading and please, if you have time, leave comments or kudos!
Sadly, Dean was done with his spaghetti. He eyed the apple with distrust, but he was still a little hungry. After all, apple pies were sent on earth by heaven (at least in his eyes) so he decided to eat the apple. Of course, Sammy will not know that he ate that fruit.
The plan was to draw the sigil on all the bands around his wrists and ankles and the collar to deactivate everything so Dean could try to run away, and only when he was free, try to remove everything else.
It’s after dinner and the brothers are together on dishes duty while their friends discover their new rooms or rediscover their old for Kevin. They all needed some rest after all the emotions that coming back from the dead give you.
It’s a really good pie!
“You have no idea what a Skinwalker is, do you?”
He went to the plate in the middle of the room. It’s smelled great and his stomach was growling so why not taste it? After all, he already ate stuff they gave him here and he wasn’t sick after. And if the Sinclair-dude wanted him dead, he could just have unleashed his monster on him while he was unarmed and it will be quick enough. This plate smelled soooo good!
The young man, future star of is next exhibit, was still unconscious on a mattress at the opposite of the room. He was facing the door. The spell the collector used on him will make sure he stayed that way for at least a couple more hours. His right hand and his left foot were enchained to the wall behind him, and he was also wearing a collar and cuffs on his other limbs.
“Jack needed my help to rebuild heaven” he lowers his head and looks at his hand in front of him, a human sign for nervousness that Dean found so endearing. “And I didn’t know if you wanted to see me again.”
“I have no idea… She just sounded so weird and she didn’t even know who Stevie was. She said she’s coming here and apparently she’s not alone.”
“Okay, what’s up?”
“And about you’re previous remark Dean, you’re more than ‘a regular guy’.” Dean snorted, he could actually hear the air quotes.
(See the end of the chapter for
On his tiptoe, Dean reached for the trap to slide the book in it and he felt Castiel pull it to his side.
“Yes, I’ve seen a pencil and a notebook before. I will use them to make the list.” Dean yawn again. “I’m going to continue my book a little then go to sleep.”
Castiel removed his clothes to stay in his underwear, like he used to sleep when he was human, and slip under the cover next to his charge.
But unfortunately, before Dean could do anything to attract his friend's attention, soft flute music resonates in his cell again. It wasn’t the same as the one he heard before his first bathroom trip this morning.
“…. The hell?” he muttered quietly.
Apparently, she didn’t seem to be disturbed by a guy barging in with an angel in here.
“I already deactivate Sinclair’s control over them before you arrived. We don’t have any minute to lose, we need to get out of here. I’ll explain everything I know later when we will not be in danger of the guards coming here.”
He came to see if his personals werewolves’ assistants did their job correctly. Obviously, it what just a title. It’s not really a great idea to call them slaves when you worked as a daily basis with other members of their species, even if because of his powers the slaves and the public would never be able to know the existence of each other. He asked the werewolves to take care of the preparation of the brand-new object of his collection.
At least, Dean could see that the teddy guard that he has seen earlier was still peacefully sleeping in front of his screen.
The angel seemed to listen for movements from the guards. He was clearly focused on what he could hear.
“Dude! Personal space?”
He gave a huge kick of frustration in the glass-wall but all he did was hurting his foot.
“My friendly fairies, I invited you because your people always were the most encouraging during the darkest time of my fine establishment. You helped me a lot in the past to assemble my collection. For me it was the most logical thing that you were going to be the very firsts to be introduced to my most precious specimen: The Archangel Michael’s sword!”
The angel looked at some clothes on the shelf in front of him and was looking at different sized when he started talking:
“Dude faith? Really? I need proof, not some stupid pastor-bullshit. And by the way, I still don’t know your name and I have no clue how you know mine ‘cause I’m pretty sure I didn’t tell you.”
“You said that’s it’s already been some time since you arrived here, right?”
Castiel went to the chair the guard occupied before and move it to the side. He bends a knee and retrieved a backpack under the desk.
“No, it’s an angelic name. And I know yours because, as I said before, you are known in Heaven. And Sinclair told us that you were coming here.”
“No, I don’t. What kind of books do you have access to?”
I personally didn’t like that chapter, which is another reason why he took me so long to post it…
I wanted to have a regular schedule, apparently I can't. Real life and especially the end of my internship kicked my ass. But here I am with a new chapter and I will be working for another for next week!
“Uh… Gesundheit?”
Dean probably was in a bad spy movie. That was far too cliché to really be his life. He kind of expected Sinclair to just turn one of the other two chairs around and start an evil monologue on how Dean succeed the first part of his plan to conquer the world while petting a white fluffy cat head.
Defeated and still exhausted because of whatever they used on him to knock him out, Dean turn back to the bed. He took off his shoes and flannel shirt but keep his pants and shirt just in case. He got under the cover, the pillow feeling weird under his head without a weapon under it.
“Dude, what are you doing? Come here.”
In a short time, Dean scratched enough of the sigil paint on the door for Castiel's taste. The man asked Dean to move over and open the door leading to the sort of control office. He didn't have any more issues with it, so he started to make a few steps forward.
Dean was preparing a smart comeback when a little flute melody resonated in his room. His binding started to glow. In a second, his hands were linked behind his back and both his ankles felt like tied together. He could move neither his limbs. He was standing like an idiot in the middle of the room, facing the weird door-wall with the remains of his chair around him.
The angel question was met only by silence… Dean was sure he already heard his father talk about that but like one time maybe? Skinwalkers were rare and Dean never saw one until today apparently, so he wasn’t really informed on what they were. He knew his father wrote stuff about them in his journal, but he didn’t bother to read about them since he never cross paths with one. Actually, his father wrote a lot of stuff Dean didn’t bother to read and he had the feeling that he would start to regret his laziness soon enough. But come on, it wasn’t totally his fault since the young man was hunting solo with a father AWOL and a brother at Stanford. It was just safer to hunt your regular Casper when you didn’t have a partner to watch your back.
“Hey, Cas?”
“Come on, I know that face, that’s sad-Sam face.”
“HOLLY SHIT!” The male voice startled Dean and made him turn around using his chair in front of him like a weapon.
(See the end of the chapter for
“You need to urinate.”
Dean was looking at the man in front of him with wide eyes and an open-mouthed. If a fly was there, he’d probably have caught it. Without any idea of what was in front of him, he didn’t know if he should be impressed or if he just should turn over and run as fast as he can.
“Wait. We’re in a zoo? Why I am in a freaking zoo?”
“Sleep now, Dean. I’ll watch over you.” Dean falls asleep to the sensation of Castiel kissing his forehead.
Then he brushed his teeth, savoring the flavor of fresh mint. He was still angry to be here, but he felt so much better now that he was clean and smelling good.
The guy sounded like he ate gravels for breakfast every day in the past 10 years. After further inspection, the voice came from the wall opposite to Metatron’s. He didn’t saw the same vent trap on the other wall before. Apparently, Dean had two neighbors, and he didn’t really know if he liked this information.
He took a quick shower and because that morning sucked so much he was done and ready for the day with the clothes he found on the shelves in less than ten minutes. The young man spent the 20 minutes he still had to write everything he could see in his notebook as Castiel asked him yesterday. Bless past-Dean to have bring it yesterday.
Now that he had the key, Dean just needed to find his new friend in this hell and get out of here together as fast as they can.
The angel levels him with a stare. “It’s a werewolf cousin. It died if we stab him with silver.”
“You can call me Metatron, but that’s not important right now. I just found you uncharacteristically quiet. I imagine that you may ask yourself why Sinclair wants you contented, so I just wanted to warn you. The fun part will begin soon.”
“Your body has needs!” That’s was that enthusiastic tone like earlier. It was weird to hear because Dean was becoming used to that robot voice of him. “They need to let you have access to a bathroom and I know that you don’t have one in your cell.”
“I’m sorry, you’re right come here,” Dean said while keeping the door open and hugging every one of his old-time friends that pass through that door.
“Jack promised the Empty to make everything silent again if they let me go. They accepted.”
Castiel nodded and did as he was told while Dean got on with the job. The young man tried his best with the short-chain and when he was satisfied enough, he took the padlock he removed while liberating the angel and used it to secure the shackles he fixed in the middle of the cross point of the chains.
Dean reaches out for his angel and puts his head on his chest using the angel as a pillow. That way he could hear his vessel’s heart beating and he was sure that Cas wouldn’t disappear in the middle of the night.
“Goodnight Dean.”
Dean carefully stood up after he made sure that he was truly alone in the room. He crossed the small distance straight to the pavement but was brutally stopped just a couple of steps before it by something that look like a very thick Plexiglas wall.
The moon was high in the sky when the door creaked open slowly. A man took a few steps in the hallway and stopped in front of a window where he could watch inside a very small room. He had brown hair and brown eyes and was probably in his late thirties.
If you want to talk to me, I'm on twitter @ Mikey_Ran ! I will love to speak with people who like the show as much as I am <3
Dean put a small kiss on Cas’ lips before going to lay under the cover. Cas started to go sit on the chair Dean had next to his bed when Dean did a small sound of disagreement. The angel looks at him to see him patting the bed next to him in invitation.
“Guys, how...?” Sam says completely in shock to see their family alive. Both boys just don’t know what happened, they were expecting Charlie but clearly not this Charlie.
“BACKUP NEEDED IN ZONE 10!!”
“Yea’!” he said that with his mouth full because he can’t stop inhaling that bacon.
Dean slowly went to Castiel’s door and turn the doorknob. Like his own before, it wasn’t even lock. Behind it he found the same hallway that he had found after his own cell, the only difference was some weird drawings behind the door. Dean never saw something like that before but it probably some magic sigil like the one Castiel told him to draw on his bounds to deactivate the magic link. Castiel seemed to be someone who knew a lot of supernatural stuff, maybe Sinclair chose to humiliate the fellow hunter using his own techniques and knowledge against him.
“Dean, are you okay?”
Sam is downstairs being hug by the fiery redhead.
Thank you for reading!
Bossy…
Dean picked the old angel’s chain and padlock up from the floor. He walked to the guard with the heavy thing in his hands.
I'm sorry that I disappear again for so long. I had a big writer-block and I couldn't find the motivation to work on that fic... I had ideas to start new fics but leaving this one in progress and starting a new one made me feel bad and, in the end, I didn't write anything...
Yeah okay, Dean could try to be a serious grown-up for this one.
Then he just walked away. Like that. Like it was a right explanation as to why Dean was there. And Dean was just there staring. And then he was back to plan the murder of that Cuthbert-guy. Stabbing him in the gut sounds like a good start in his imagination.
Before Dean could find a way to explain what he was doing on his computer his other-other-phone starting vibrating next to him.
Between a father who liked to wake them like they were marine, and his little brother who was a pain in his ass when they needed to share a bed, his childhood was just a weird sleep-deprived mess. He was used to his 4 hours per night, even now when he didn’t have any contact with his dad anymore and his brother was leaving his best life at Stanford.
“You need to have faith, Dean.”
He was oddly glad that he found himself in the middle of the room, without any possibility of movement while the door opened before him.
“Hello Dean”
“Later, now we need to move Dean.”
With these words of wisdom, Castiel took Dean's clothes and put them in his backpack before giving it to Dean. Then, he took a pair of handcuffs and give them to the young man before presenting his wrist to the human who put them on him leaving his hands in front of him.
Anyway, don't hesitate to leave me a comment or a kudo, they give me so much motivation for this story!
I hope that I can have a more regular schedule again but I'm not really sure about that.
“Umh, yeah, that what I said.” Dean didn’t understand why this seems to be the information that Claire focused on.
He woke up again later without knowing how much time has passed. His head was still hurting him but now he could at least feel is limbs. He tried to move his hands to his face, trying to block the small light that was bothering him even with his eyes closed. When he moves his right hand, it felt heavy, and he heard a weird metallic sound when he bumped a wooden surface before he even remarked that there was something attached to his wrist.
They passed a lot of doors and other hallways. Dean was completely lost and could not remember the path they took. The young man couldn’t go back to his cell even if his life depends on it. But Castiel was sure of the path he took apparently. The young man didn’t know what to think about it, he wasn’t used to relying on other people but they’re no way he could have got that far without the angel. Said angel that said he already tried to escape but without going far.
“Do you have anything about sigils?”
“Dude, just scout over.” Dean lightly shove the other man to the side and tried to open the door.
Gravely-voice was abruptly cut by the sound of a large crowd full of talking peoples and laughing kids. Both kids in front of Dean were waving furiously to attracts the newcomers.
I hope that you like what you read! And I'll see you soon!
“That’s great news because I think I have a plan.”
With their bags heavy, but full of important things, Castiel led the young man to a door situated on the far side of the room. The angel used the key he had taken from a drawer in the desk to open it.
He tried to get up but heard snarling just next to him. He turned his head to see where the monster where and it was a bit disconcerting to see that the blond one was just a few feet in front of him with her head looming over him. The second one still had her hand on the arm of her friend.
Dean continued his perfect and complete inventory with the toothbrush, the dental floss, and the shampoo because he had no idea if Castiel started a plan. For all he knew everything could be useful.
They separate a little, but the exhaustion of the day just hit Dean full force and make him yawn. Today was just an emotionally difficult day, having part of their made-up family back and now having his angel in his arms again.
I'm sorry if a mistake escaped my editing. I’m really doing my best, but I still need English lessons.
“Will you stay with me?” The human asked his angel, still a little afraid that he dreamed all that.
It was a little difficult to understand but Dean could make out four letters: “It OK”.
“Can I help you?”
But that wasn’t the weirdest part. The thing that had made Dean speechless was the wings they were sporting. Both sets were iridescent and glittery, but the boy’s ones were more of a yellow shades and the girl’s a red one.
“So, what, Teddy Bear over there could suddenly become a hunting dog at any moment?” Dean asked.
He cleared his throat loudly “Hum, we should probably go now…?”
Dean is a simple man, a few seconds later he was sitting and enjoying that fantastic breakfast. It tasted even better than it smells!
He didn’t know exactly how much time he had left so he started drawing the one on his right handcuff. That’s was probably the hardest one because Dean clearly wasn’t left-handed.
“Hum guys…?” Dean started, not really sure how to say that without sounded like he was crazy “There are Tinkerbell and her big brother watching me.” He still sounded like a complete idiot but at least that was clear enough.
“You’re welcome, dude. Now I’m just going to the bathroom really quick to prepare for the night, then I’m going to sleep so I talk to you tomorrow. ‘Night, man.”
“Are you hurt or are you eating again?” The poor guy sounded so confused and worry it made Dean smile and swallow his food. He’s kind of glad that the table is not far from the wall and he doesn’t have to yell to talk to Cas because he really doesn’t want Metatron talking to him again. And the fact that they could talk far away from the glass wall was great because speaking so low, they couldn’t be heard from the pavement.
Why didn’t he go to the door next to the desk? That as to be the exit, right?
When he woke up again it was dawn. The pale morning light was what he woke him up. At least his headache seems to have decrease and he could finally think a little. And, yeah, the first thing he did was to curse himself for just going to bed peacefully in that weird room where he was captive. Even the rookie hunter knew that. Even Sammy who stopped hunting to experience the college life in California probably still knew that. Anybody with a brain knew that!
“I wish you were there too, Cas. I’m trying to live my life but it’s so hard without you. They’re so many more things I would like to tell you, but it’s just felt so wrong if you’re stuck in the Empty.” Dean dropped his head, looking at his hands on his laps, trying not to cry again.
Dean followed the instructions he was given. The sigil needed to be drawn in blood so he cut the palm of his left hand with a razor blade to do just that, just after stuffing the pocket of his jeans with sterile pads, antiseptic and all sorts of bandage for later. Drawing in blood should sound completely crazy, but then again, blood magic was known to be one of the most powerful sources of magic so it sounded kind of logic for the young hunter.
She had a name tag on her gown saying “Claire”.
Dean pushed the door slowly to enter the cell of his friend. He just took a look inside the room but a folding screen just behind the door didn’t let him see a lot of things. The screen wasn’t totally opaque, but the young man could just see black stuff on the other side, without any real shape visible.
He walked in direction of the wall and starting to call him.
That brought Dean back in his head. But what was he supposed to do? It would be hard to try to escape that hell hole alone, but could he trust that creature? Maybe this guy just wanted Dean to liberate him so he could eat him? Or maybe he was really just trying to get out of here. After all, Sinclair judged necessary to lock him here… The enemy of my enemy is my friend… Right?
(See the end of the chapter for
Castiel turn around and looked at Dean with a pensive face. The angel hands reach out to Dean’s head who tried to step back by reflex.
Hey everybody!
Gravely-voice seemed to be really concerned about him.
For the curious people around here, the statue described in front of Dean is called “Saint Michel terrassant le dragon” from Emmanuel Fremiet but it's the bronze version that you can find in the Musée d'Orsay in Paris and not the golden one from Mont-Saint-Michel.
“I forgot that you need to eat regularly as well. I think they gave you breakfast instead of lunch this morning because you slept a lot. Your body needed to rest after the spell Sinclair used on you to bring you here.”
“Wow, that impressive man! You need to teach me how to do that!” Dean said with a little bit of wonder.
He was going to turn around and look at the different book in the shelf when he heard footsteps echoing on the pavement. He quickly jumped into bed to pretend that he was asleep to try to spy who that was.
Of course, they would be vetalas. Those scary snake-like monsters were known to hunt by pairs and to be very protective of their master when enslaved. They were no way that Dean could charm his way out of here with them. And he couldn’t hope to kill them and run in the corridor because he didn’t have any silver knife.
Even if Dean didn’t exactly know their purpose, he took a few careful steps and when nothing happened, he just looked around to find the same camera that he found in his own hallway. The young man wasn’t so stressed to be caught since apparently, the big bear wasn’t going to wake up anytime soon.
“Let’s just sit down and you’re going to explain how you got there,” Dean said.
“It appears that I can’t pass the door.” The dark-haired man narrowed his eyes at the door like it personally offended him.
Please, if you like the chapter don't hesitate to tell me in the comments!
Dean had awful wakeups calls before. After all, with a hunter as a father, he had some “exercise” early in the morning. You need to be ready fast if a rugaru or a werewolf say hello in the middle of the night.
“Good morning Dean. You now have 30 minutes to prepare for the day.”
The collector drew a heavy and full set of keys from the inside of his costume jacket and opened a heavy door to step on the cell and fully observe the beauty of his prize. He knelt in front of the lying man. He was so young, maybe between 20 and 24, perhaps the word boy would still be more accurate in comparison of his own old age.
“Hello?” Dean ask.
His vision was a bit troubled, but he could see very clearly that his wrists and ankles were wearing some big metal bound. He moved his hand to his neck and yes, he was wearing a heavy collar to. He was facing a wall of what looks like your regular small cabin lost in the mountain. He was lying on a twin bed with fancy looking sheets and the light behind his back there was a small lamp on a bedside table.
“I just wanted to see if they were something useful in this because it’s the guard’s bag.” Castiel opened the bag to take a look at what’s inside.
“Hey Cas” he starts his prayer, not knowing where to look or what to do with his hands because those one-sided conversations are still a little awkward to start, even after all these years. “I’m so proud of Jack and you were right all these years ago. The kid did bring heaven on earth. More literally than what I thought but I’m so thankful that he brought back our family. I just wish you were here with us. I miss you Cas.”
That’s how Dean found himself, his brother, and his loyal little Miracle driving the Impala in the direction of pies. It’s not even for a case, but Sam doesn’t need to know that.
Well, it looks like he didn’t have any other choice than opening his sensitives eyes. Everything was feeling so weird, but he was pretty sure he didn’t go to a bar last night to drink. He was pretty sure that he didn’t even leave his motel room.
“About that… I know that you thought about the guard and Sinclair movement, but did I tell you that there was a camera in the corridor? I need a way to trick it before somebody watching that activates an alarm.”
Everything in his body seems to be waking up far too slowly. He didn’t hear anything that could tell him that he wasn’t alone, so Dean slowly rolled on the bed to watch the room.
Soon enough he found himself in the bathroom. A robotic voice coming from a speaker on the wall told him that he had 5 minutes before he would go back to the other cell. He remarked that above the door, there was a timer so that he could know how much time he had left.
Dean closed his eyes. “Great.”
When it came time to lock the cage, Crowley didn’t use a key. He touched the metal, and red etchings glowed along the cage, and Sam’s cock and balls. Sam stared at it in surprise. Crowley removed his hand and the etchings disappeared. Sam couldn’t see them anymore, but he knew they were there. He could feel them. He gaped at Crowley.
Dean didn’t respond to this. He looked conflicted. He was staring at Castiel’s coat on the back of the chair, layered in stains and wounds.
Castiel nodded weakly. He was overcome with an urge to text Dean, but he was certain that Dean hated him now. Regret coursed through him faster than the tequila. He wished he’d never moved to Derby.
Castiel’s smile warmed. He kissed Dean as if in thanks.
Dean's was clearly enjoying the stimulation—Castiel could feel precum beading at the tip of Dean's head—but rather than pacify Dean as this act often did it only seemed to frustrate him.
It had been a coincidence, really, like Castiel being assigned to Dean in the first place. He had used his wing to shield them both when Castiel lifted Dean out of the sulfur and brimstone. Dean had reached up to grip his wing and the wound shone like daybreak. It fueled Castiel's grace, healing him, but a scar remained—A human handprint. Dean didn't remember this of course, and Castiel saw no reason to put that on his shoulders. The scar had long faded anyway. The mark that had once been baby white was now icy black, a shade lighter than the surrounding plumagem but it still stood out to Castiel.
When they both stepped away, Castiel was dripping with cum and sweat, gasping and trembling. He didn't know how much more he could take. Between Michael and Lucifer, his orgasms seemed to be endless. He had no idea how many more he'd be forced to have before Michael and Lucifer got bored for the day.
“Kelly’s,” Castiel answered. “My first wife. We were high school sweethearts. Met on the debate team.”
“Don’t…!” Charley moved forward to pull Gabe out of the way, but the middle boy pushed him and Charley fell back against a bookcase.
“I need it.”
Charlie looked bewildered. “Yikes. Okay, well… I found some stuff that might help, but they all involve, uh… exorcisms.” She glanced nervously at Castiel. “I don’t know how much you buy into that stuff, but it’s supposed to work. As long as you don’t mind feeling like you’re in a cult. Don’t worry though! You don’t need to bite the heads off any chickens. You can get everything you need from the store. I’m sending you the links now.”
Chapter One
Castiel licked her apart then lapped at her sensitive clit. Meg smiled and moaned. He caught it between his lips and sucked, like he trying to get every last drop out of her. He’d never been confident with sex, so he was delighted to be able to make Meg cry out in pleasure with such a simple, intuitive task. It was like eating ice cream – except this tasted much better.
“No,” Castiel shook his head, “Need to… leave… you need to leave… I need… I need it...” Castiel made a pained sound and his eyes flashed blue. A wave of angel power extended to the edge of the trap and fizzled out. The light hanging from the ceiling flickered and swayed.
Castiel waved away his apology. “It’s okay. You were worried about my family.”
“Get away from my house.”
“I won’t be gone long,” Castiel said softly.
“I don’t know what I saw,” he said. “Maybe it wasn’t the mom. Maybe she was a victim, too. Maybe the dad got possessed by something, killed the kids, and the mom...”
Dean rolled his hips into Sam’s, rubbing his denim bound erection against Sam’s thin pajamas pants.
The three of them chatted for a while and Castiel was relieved to see Sam looking much better. In fact, both Sam and Dean looked better than usual and, after a confusing bit of hostility from Sam had faded, they seemed to be getting along better than ever.
Dean looked up from a pile of boxes. Sam lowered his gun. Winston looked crestfallen, and the demon was idly inspecting his fingernails.
“Uh! Yeah, okay. No.” Sam rose a hand, but Castiel carried on innocently.
“That’s better.”
The pressure from John caused a lot of stress for Dean growing up, and the overcompensation was admittedly what drove Dean into early presentation. John was out on a hunt when it happened, so once Dean was back in his right mind, he grabbed his dad’s old books on witchcraft and managed to fake his status as an Alpha via a spell. For years, Sam was the only one who knew, having been there when Dean’s first heat came.
Garth glanced at Castiel. He smiled at him, so Garth took Meg’s hand and let her tell him all about the cabin while they walked down the hall.
“You know,” Garth said idly, “I lived here back when it first happened. I was out there searching for those kids along with everyone else. The whole town showed up that night. They booked the mom right away but, no evidence. Everyone had their suspicions, though. Then she killed herself, right there in that attic.” Garth shook his head tragically. “And now… You said that’s where the sulfur came from?”
“We can do this whenever you want Dean. I can tell you love it.” Sam murmured, “You just say the word and I’ll tie you up and have my way with you. Over, and over again.” He breathed, brushing his palm over Dean’s head as he stroked him.
“There,” Claire said. “Now everyone will know we were here.”
“...about visiting me in my sleep and... all that.” Dean informed him. There was the slightest bit of embarrassment behind Dean’s exhausted attempt at nonchalance, and it made Gabriel’s smirk widen.
While Sam got some sleep, Dean took Sam’s laptop and relaxed in a chair opposite him. He’d earned himself a break. He brought up Game of Thrones and kicked back with the laptop on his chest.
“Just ignore me. Keep doing your research.”
Castiel looked drunk. He gave a slight smirk and Balthazar smiled.
“Cas?” Sam asked, switching to the other foot. He had Castiel’s legs propped up on his stomach.
Sam and Dean came to this cabin once when they were kids. John was hunting a wendigo, but it got away. When Sam and Dean heard about similar deaths happening in the same stretch of woods, they had to come.
Dean gave a satisfied smile. “There you go.” Dean leaned casually over his brother, keeping him pinned to the table as if it was a couple’s yoga class and said, “You’ve been acting strange lately. And I don’t mean bringing home demons and draining them in the basement...”
Dean glanced at him.
Dean couldn’t hide the look of alarm on his face. “You don’t know what you’re saying, Cas. This isn’t you.”
Dean leaned back on the couch, panting. "God dammit, Cas," he said weakly.
Dean lurched and trembled. “Ninety-eight.”
Castiel stared at Dean, looking hurt. “Dean,” he rasped. “That’s not… that’s not what I’m trying to do…”
Sam was the sensible one on a hunt; the responsible, level-headed, figurative angel on Dean’s shoulder. With Gabriel, Sam was a slut. Gabriel could get Sam to shout, to beg and plea, to absolutely moan on Gabriel’s cock. And even though Gabriel had dominated Sam a million different ways, Sam was always ready to take it again and again. Gabriel loved getting Sam riled up in public, then whisking him away and making him come over and over again. Sam loved being filled up with Gabriel’s cum. Sam’s stamina, his body, his voice, it was all Gabriel’s, and it satisfied a need that neither realized that had.
Gabriel smiled, “You were great, Sammy.” He nuzzled him affectionately.
When the door dinged and opened, Sam strode off. The realization that Sam had never run into the janitor at this time of day was swept away when he heard shouting from Mr. Smith’s room. The door was open, and a man in a suit was backing away quickly. He gave Sam a fleeting, ‘good-luck’ look as he passed. Sam swallowed.
Dean chuckled, "I better not. But I appreciate the effort." He shot Castiel a roguish look.
“Haunted houses are pretty cool,” Dean was telling Meg. “I went to one that was haunted by a bunch of dogs. They always stole food from my brother when he wasn’t looking.”
“Uh, no actually. Not since yesterday.”
Sam realized it wasn’t coffee, it was tea. He smelled it despite himself. “Lemongrass?”
Sam swallowed a rush of arousal. That was the most polite way anyone had ever asked to fuck him, and yet Ketch said it so savagely that Sam could feel the lust dripping off his lips.
Dean sat up on his elbows and looked over his shoulder. Sam was determinedly facing the other direction and rubbing his eyes as if trying to erase the image burned into his retinas.
“I’ll shower later. Yeah.” Sam nodded breathlessly.
There was a flustered, indignant noise as Sam slammed the door shut and waited with his shotgun outside.
Gabriel didn’t pull out when he was finished. He readjusted his stance, as if getting comfortable buried in Sam’s ass, then began feeling Sam over again.
“Oh,” Dean’s smile fell a little. “No, actually...”
“Dean… I’m an Archangel. I don’t care what you look like out here.” He spun his finger around at him. “Although, I must say…
Sam was back with news of the ingredients. At last they could kill Dick Roman.
Castiel gave Dean an apologetic look then took Meg’s hand. “I’ll be back in about ten minutes. Help yourself to anything in the fridge.”
“How was that?” he asked.
“Jesus Christ’s not part of the lore, Sammy.” Gabriel teased.
Once Sam deflated fully, Dean eased him out of his mouth. Dean's throat was sore as hell but he'd never had more fun blowing Sam. He gave Sam's spent cock a lingering kiss, and smirked when he heard Sam's mug nearly topple over.
“Look! I’m covered in blood!”
Powerbottom Sam, Face Fucking, Blowjobs, Dirty Talk, Anal, Casual Sex, Hair Pulling, Improvised Lube, Humor
Dean made an incoherent noise of agreement as Sam took the reigns. He slowed his pace, drawing Dean’s orgasm out with powerful, precise thrusts. Dean started shaking. His eye fluttered closed and he lost his voice.
Dean was the one who made Sam think it was all in his head. Dean always acted completely normal, chalking up the noises Sam heard late at night to Busty Asian Beauties and other nighttime adventures that Sam did not want to hear about. Dean almost convinced him that nothing was going on, until one night Dean did something Sam simply couldn’t ignore.
Relief swept over him, but it was short-lived. Castiel soon found himself sitting on the edge of his own bed in a state of complete bewilderment. For a moment he wondered if it had been a nightmare, but there was grass and dirt sticking to his damp feet. He grabbed his phone to text Dean, but his thumb just hovered over the letters. What would he even say? His thoughts had been replaced by a frantic buzzing. He stared at the last ‘goodnight’ Dean had sent him, then decided against it. In the end, he shut the curtains to his window and laid back down.
a normal breakfast.
Castiel looked between them in mild surprise. “I didn’t realize you two knew each other.”
“Fuck! Fuck… Gabriel.” Sam moaned.
Sam watched in hazy disbelief.
Dean popped another piece of bacon in his mouth, then adopted a suddenly professional expression. “Has it been giving you any more trouble?”
“How about you leave the tie on?” She rasped.
Castiel heard him that time. He reached down to the floor and grabbed Dean’s cock. Dean’s lurched, but couldn’t move. His head spin in submissive pleasure. Castiel’s hand glowed and Dean was suddenly on the verge of orgasm again. It shocked him and he moaned in surprise. It built up painfully slow, then burst in a fresh wave of ecstasy. Dean moaned shamelessly. Castiel reached down and squeezed Dean’s balls possessively, and it sent Dean even higher into ecstasy. He bucked his hips and pounded the floor as Castiel squeezed the cum out of his balls. Dean had to stop himself from shouting encouragements loud enough for the whole town to here.
“Gabriel!” Claire snarled. Kaia looked mutinous.
Sam had an angel on his shoulder, alright. A sexy, bathroom flooding, bee collecting, perfect angel. And by the way Castiel watched Sam while he shaved, Sam knew Castiel felt the same about him.
“Meg,” Castiel interrupted, “How about I check your room before bed?”
“And you think Dean is a part of this?” Jack asked.
Dean sighed and knelt down at the fireplace. He took some wood they'd collected earlier and began making a fire.
Sam’s heart skipped a beat.
Dean felt a jolt of understanding: Ketch thought he was checking him out. Well, he was, but not really. Never
Castiel was happy to hear that Dean’s brother was staying in town to help out. He’d always been curious about him. He found himself becoming equally curious about someone else in Dean’s life, although he didn’t think he should ask. He wasn’t a good liar however, and Dean could tell something was on Castiel’s mind.
For someone wearing an apron decorated with happy bumblebees, Castiel looked quite ferocious. Dean froze. Castiel rose his eyebrows. Then Dean flashed him a cheeky grin and popped his finger in his mouth.
“Three days! You couldn’t make it three days?”
Gabe sneaked across the stranger’s lawn and over to a flower bed. He grabbed the biggest, brightest flowers and pulled them clumsily by the stems.
Castiel beamed at him.
“Jack!” Claire laughed.
“No he’s not,” Charley warned. “He’s the same size. But we’ve been feeding him like you said. He sleeps in my room.”
Dean hissed, making Castiel look up. For a moment they made eye contact, and Dean felt his own gaze harden.
Claire stared at them. She was sitting on her bed, her homework lying open and untouched on the desk across the room. Meg was there, having apparently sneaked out to sleep in Claire’s room. She was sitting beside Claire, looking stern. She folded her small arms.
“Sam.” He gasped along with Sam, who was taking a huge, relieving breath of air, “Can you breathe?”
Dean could have hit Sam. He could have slammed him on the table again and threatened him like every other suspect withholding information. But he didn’t. Sam didn’t respond to brutality. He could withstand torture better than anyone Dean knew. No, Dean knew his brother better than that. He knew Sam’s weakness, and it wasn’t pain. It was pleasure.
Dean looked to Cas in surprise. Castiel was still smiling, however. “No, I’m afraid not.”
“Oh, so responsive.” Gabriel purred.
Dean smiled at him, his lips parted slightly. Then he sat up a little and sank down again. This time, Castiel groaned. He gripped Dean’s hips tightly, his fingers trembling. They got adjusted to each other quickly, and soon Dean was moving up and down on Castiel’s cock. Castiel rolled his hips into him, making Dean’s necklace bounce on his glistening chest. Both of them were panting with pleasure in no time. Castiel dropped one hand to Dean’s cock and touched it for the first time, and Dean’s expression opened up. He leaned back slightly, finding that perfect angle. Castiel could see the muscles in his thighs straining.
Sam bit back a laugh and kissed Gabriel. They maneuvered blindly to the large, shining desk, knocking things over along the way. Gabriel pushed everything off it unceremoniously and hoisted Sam onto the edge.
"Yes," Sam groaned, high off the demon blood and Dean's words -- a deadly combination. He looped his legs around Dean as he lined his cock up.
“Oh, yeah,” Meg said at once.
“What?” Claire asked incredulously.
Finally, he felt Castiel finish. He was sure of it, because not a second later Castiel collapsed on Dean’s back. It winded him, but Dean was still strong enough to not be crushed. Castiel was panting slowly now, and Dean was suddenly confronted with a new fear: if Castiel passed out, Dean wouldn’t be able to move. His only saving grace would be in Sam and Rowena walked in. Except… yeah, Castiel’s dick was still in his ass.
Downstairs, Jack grabbed hold of Claire and pulled her from the child’s grip. She scrambled away from the fireplace, gasping with fright.
Dean watched Castiel’s neck move as he breathed, his chest gently rising and falling beneath his shirt. He looked at Castiel’s hand resting in the folds of Dean’s shirt, and how their bodies leaned against each other where the blanket covered them. He could smell Castiel. He wondered why he never noticed what Castiel smelled like. It was such a human smell. Like sweat and earth, and something uniquely ‘Cas’.
Without warning, pain shot up Dean's arm. The wintry air inside the cabin vanished, and it felt like all the bones in his arm had been replaced with white hot rods. He swore and grabbed onto the couch. Just as Dean was sure he would retch from the intensity of the pain, it was all over.
Sam sighed and rolled over.
Castiel took a steadying breath. “It was rough. Really rough. But I knew the only way I was going to make it was by making fatherhood my number one priority. I quit my job, dropped out, and became a PT.” Castiel looked a little sad at this, but there was no regret in his eyes. “Jack helped out a lot. I don’t know what I would have done without him. He’s going to be a great doctor.”
Castiel didn’t know what to say. He thought understanding what happened would help, but he was even more confused than before. Finally he sighed and said, “Let’s see those exorcisms.”
“You need sleep.” Sam said.
“So I thought, while you’re cooped up, maybe I could stay down here and help you out. If you want me to, I mean. And after that maybe Jess and I could come visit once in a while.”
He locked the door behind him and immediately went back upstairs. Hardly breathing, he checked on Charley and found him fast asleep, moonlit glinting off his glasses on the bedside table. Then he went to Gabe’s room, then Claire’s. Everyone was tucked in their beds, fast asleep. Meg was snoring.
Dean didn’t think about the incident, or masturbate, for nearly a week. But whenever he had a moment to himself, he found his mind drifting back to that dream. It had been a very good one. Gabriel was behind him and Dean was sprawled out on the bed, his hips raised and captured by Gabriel’s warm hands. Gabriel must have been using his grace or something, because it felt like he was making love to his very soul. Dean’s every molecule was exploding with white hot pleasure. It was unlike anything he had ever felt. It melted his brain and made his whole body tremble in ecstasy. The point of entry was the best. Gabriel’s cock curved into him, pulling him under waves and waves of satisfaction. Dean recalled with a rush of embarrassment how he’d lifted his own ass in need and curled his fists into the sheets, groaning Gabriel’s name...
“Are you okay?” Sam checked in.
“How great would it be,” Garth said, his smile fading, “if we finally ended this? You know, the bodies they never found? The last two kids? I’ll bet you anything they’re still in the house, stashed away in the walls like the first two.” Garth looked at the house gravely.
Charley looked over his book at him. “What are you…”
“Don’t open it!”
Sam looked sideways at him. “I do. I mean, I did. You were such a dick...”
Their movements became hurried and desperate. Castiel squeezed Dean’s hand and murmured something Dean didn’t understand. Was it Enochian? Either way, Dean could tell Castiel was close. He could feel it in the way Castiel moved, in the way he tried and failed to grip Dean’s short hair. Dean moved his hand between them and stroked Castiel, and he knew it was all over
“Thank you, Sam.” Castiel sighed in relief.
“Then I penetrate him.”
Gabriel stalked over to Dean’s side and, before Dean could overthink it, Gabriel undressed him with a snap of his fingers and pushed him back onto the bed. Dean hit the bed with a gasp. Gabriel grinned and lowered his lips to Dean’s chest. Dean lay his head back and shut his eyes stubbornly, taking steady breaths. Until he felt Gabriel’s hand wrap around his cock. Dean groaned.
“Never, Sam? Really?” Crowley felt a rush of pleasure spread through completely unlike any he’d felt that night. By that point, Crowley knew it was too late. He couldn’t go another day without seeing Sam like this again. They’d left their marks on each other, in blood and flesh, in mind and soul.
“I’ll see you soon,” Castiel said to Dean.
The front lawn rippled in the breeze,  and the grass was damp under Castiel’s feet. He ran halfway across the front yard before the sidewalk came fully into view. With a sinking sensation, he realized there was no one standing there.
Castiel glanced apprehensively at Dean and saw, to his confirmation, that Dean was angry. Castiel didn’t have to ask why. He was sure that Dean thought he was crazy. Officially, incontrovertibly crazy.
Dean wasn’t always in the mood to cuddle, but that night there wasn’t an inch of space between the two of them. They lay together in the sweat and mess of their bliss, exhausted and carefree. Eventually Castiel cleaned them up with grace and rolled over to lay on Dean.
Castiel wasn’t even touching himself. He was palming the sides of the tub uselessly, his whole body shaking. He looked so human in that moment that it was angelic in it’s own right. With one more hot thrust and rub of his feet, Castiel was coming in the bath. He groaned shamelessly, seizing up around Sam’s cock. Sam’s thrusts faltered. He gasped a moan, resuming his hurried pace. Then Sam suddenly pulled out and came on the surface of the water above Castiel’s stomach.
Sam’s first rut was catastrophic. Their father had left Dean to take care of Sammy for the week when it happened. Dean was showing signs of his upcoming heat and it triggered Sam’s first rut. Dean knew from the moment it started that Sam had taken after their mother.
Sam moaned softly, “Yes.”
His expression was severe and predatory as he fucked, almost businesslike. Sam couldn’t look at him without getting a shock of submissive arousal.
“What about Meg?” Charley asked.
Crowley gripped his chin and bit his ear in reward, “Good pet.” He growled.
Dean took his coffee from Castiel. “Hey, it’s cool. The overworked-dad look suits you.”
Sam shivered, his breath catching in his chest.
True to Castiel’s warning, signing the cast quickly devolved to coloring aimlessly all over it, although Dean didn’t seem to mind. Meg was drawing a long snake eating a ghost and humming happily.
Finally, he eased the vibration down. After being on such a high power, Sam didn’t even feel the dildo in him anymore. Dean had a feeling this would happen, so he popped off of Sam and pulled the toy out a bit. He slid it back in, fucking him with it, and Sam arched off the floor.
“It knew it.” Dean shook his head pityingly. “You just can’t help yourself, can you? Can’t even relax for one afternoon.”
“Yeah,” Ed said with a smirk, “We’re gonna get all ‘Paranormal Activity’ in here.”
“That’s good,” Castiel smiled. “Just remember…”
Instead of opening up his work software, he went online and typed in ‘Dean Smith Derby Kansas’. Dean Smith was an understandably common name, but there were none of them in Derby. Concern growing, he checked Wichita, then all of Kansas. It wasn’t until he backtracked and searched the Derby police records that he found something. Castiel was scrolling through the results, praying he didn’t find anything, when he saw a familiar, cocky grin. His heart sank.
That night the Shurley family had a special dinner. They made individual, homemade pizzas with the rest of the fresh ingredients they’d bought the other day. It resulted in the kitchen and connecting dining room becoming a mess, but for once Castiel didn’t mind. The kids were all laughing and talking animatedly over the many emptied pizza pans on the table, and Castiel couldn’t remember the last time he’d been so content.
In the silence, an odd thought came to Castiel—He hadn't cleaned his wings in a while. Years, perhaps. They didn't work anymore, but his wings had once been a source of pride for Castiel, and he used to take care of them meticulously.
Sam eyed him skeptically, but Gabriel didn’t mind. He stepped around his large desk and Sam had to admit, he looked good in a suit. Gabriel winked at him.
Castiel smiled, but it died a second later. He wiped his eyes, looking idly at Dean’s knee. He looked deep in thought. At last he said, “I don’t suppose, after everything I did, you’d still want me to be your therapist?”
“She was innocent,” he said quietly. “I… I dreamt about it.”
Castiel seemed to sense that wearing Dean’s clothes was one of those ‘kinks’ Dean never clearly expressed but obviously enjoyed, so he started wearing his shirts under his suits.
Dean glared wildly at Ketch, gripping his injured arm, “Hey, you’re the one who wanted to come with me. That means you forfeit the right to bitch and moan.”
Dean looked puzzled at this and Castiel’s casual laughter died away.
So he kept going.
“Can I get you any coffee?” Castiel offered.
“I think so,” Jack said. “He was almost done when I came in.”
Sam nodded shakily, “Yeah. Okay.”
Castiel let go at once. He parted Dean's legs, reached down, and slipped his fingers between Dean's thighs, then his eyes glowed blue. His wings lit up in patches, like lightning arcing across the night sky, and Dean realized what he had done. He’d lubed Dean up using grace. Dean made a rather unmanly noise. Castiel had never used his power like that before.
Gabriel smiled. “Tell me about you dream.”
"Sam, you really don't look well. Are you sure you're not sick?"
Dean’s bodies became one. The sensations, while less intense, suddenly felt more real. He felt his own sheets under his knees and chest. He smelled the familiar, stale smell of the underground bunker, mixed with his own cologne and the smell of their bodies intertwined. But most of all, he felt Gabriel’s cock heavy and hot moving inside him, and Gabriel’s hand stroking his leaking, throbbing cock.
Garth leaned back and sipped his beer. “You know, I’ve been thinking about what Meg said. Do you really think she saw Mr. Bishop?”
“I was afraid the normal blood wouldn’t work,” Castiel admitted. “This wasn’t a normal case.”
“Are you inviting me in for slumber party, Clarence?” Sam tilted his head, “Because I don’t see a whole lot of other options. There may be a rat somewhere in here...”
“Hello, Dean,” Castiel rumbled.
“Yeah, but… Dean. He’s supposed to be dead!”
Dean slowly pulled his head out of the cabinet, staring at the living room. Just beyond the piece of paper there was a long shadow in the corner of the room, but there was something wrong about its shape. The sunlight stopped there like a curtain, leaving a strip of darkness beside the fireplace. Dean stood up slowly, staring at it. Forgetting all about the kitchen sink, he walked towards the fireplace. It looked like something—no, someone—was standing there, wedged in the corner of the room. Dean crept closer, his heart pounding.
Sam opened the kiss, letting Gabriel feel him up. Sam was taller, but Gabriel could have thrown him across the room if he wanted to, and Sam loved it. As he lowered his head to kiss down Gabriel's neck, he heard Gabriel pick up the phone hanging off the side of the desk.
“No problem,” Dean winked at him then knelt down and opened up the cabinet below the sink.
Ketch moaned his approval, and soon his knot begin to press into Dean. Dean’s body shook in anticipation. It was his deepest, darkest pleasure to be knotted, and he was going to make Ketch do it if it killed him.
The Roadhouse was a noisy, low lit, but extremely homey diner and bar. It was late, and the only customers were either slumped over the bar or about to be. A Winchester rifle was mounted above them, and regulars all knew it was fully loaded. Dean and Garth arrived together, and within twenty minutes they were eating their way through Derby’s greasiest and best diner food. Garth had a rootbeer float and onion rings, and Dean was on his second whiskey.
In an attempt to either make up for or thank the Shurley family for what happened, the community came together to raise money to build a brand new house built for Castiel and his family. They also kept Donna Hanscum’s cabin kitchen stocked with plenty of food, and Mortimer, Jody, and Donna had all become regular dinner guests.
The two of them were sweating and heaving in the dimly lit room. Castiel was holding Balthazar down by the shoulder, while Balthazar’s toned back glistened and writhed beneath Castiel's ever moving body. Castiel watched his cock glide in and out, his blue eyes dark with lust.
It was pouring rain outside, but there was no mistaking the burst of sound as an angel appeared outside her door. Meg smirked and fondled her breast as the door opened. Her phone lay forgotten on the mantle showing a single text:
Castiel couldn’t help but smile. “Thank you. I have a feeling I’ll be taking you up on that. Is it a busy day in Derby?” He asked curiously.
Dean heard a long pause.
"You can have demon blood anytime you want. Hell, you were just about to have some right now.” He gestured at the glass shards twinkling on the stained table.
Unlike most Friday afternoons on Elmwood Avenue, neighbors seemed unable to focus on their outdoor pursuits. There was a curious tension in the air as they kept glancing at the weathered For Sale sign jutting out of number 525. Elmwood had spent the last few days gossiping about who would be their new neighbor as movers came and went out of the large house.
Ed looked at Harry in alarm and whispered, “Do we… do we have grenade launchers?”
It took Dean a moment before he understood. Dean’s stroking slowed.
“Oh, I think they’re having fun,” she said, looking back as Dr. Balthazar went over to chat up Gabriel. “I can’t believe Naomi came. You really were her favorite.”
They scurried away with their camera, fumbling over each other and crashing back through the foliage. Claire looked up at her dad.
“Dean…Dean, fuck me. I can’t take it,” Sam breathed.
“Get off my property!” Castiel yelled. “If I catch you here again I’m calling the police!”
Sam was shaking.
Dean stared at him. In giving him the answer, Dean understood the question. His self-doubt and fear seemed to rise up, glowing like a soul released to heaven, and dissipated through the roof of the small bedroom. Dean didn’t need to say anything at all as he leaned back down and kissed Castiel.
“It wasn’t me, dad! I swear!”
“By all means, do.”
A shockwave of pleasure made him jerk against the table. It was all the more intense for having to hide it. His eyes watered and he made a funny sound in his throat. All he wanted to do was put his head down on the table and fuck Dean’s mouth. “N...neither, Cas. Thanks!”
Sam gave him the smallest of smiles, then fell back asleep. Dean watched his chest rise and fall under the blanket.
Dean pressed his nose into Castiel’s stomach and prayed his gag relax would hold. It did, and Castiel came in seconds, giving Dean his fifth and best moan. It was more like a grunt at first, but then it spiraled into that perfect, tight sound that only Dean could get out of him.
His days were now full of games of ‘Sorry’, poorly braided sunflower crowns, and midnight calls about where to hide a dozen stolen monkeys. Everyone else had given Cas up as dysfunctional, unstable, and unable to account for himself, but not Dean. He still glared tight-lipped at Castiel as if he had just sank into the dark waters of Sioux Falls Lake. But it was also Dean who passed his hours by staying at Castiel’s side when they weren’t searching for ways to kill a Leviathan. It was Dean who stayed behind while Sam and Kevin tried to decipher the last few words of the tablet.
Dean’s brows came together, but he recovered quickly. “Maybe your joint compound was faulty. I can fix it for you no problem.” He gave Castiel a reassuring smile.
Sam smiled. He got off of Dean and stood up to remove his pants. Dean watched hazily as Sam’s familiar erection greeted him. Sam had topped him before, but never like this. Dean melted into the couch as Sam returned, nudging his knee under Dean’s butt. Sam stroked their erections together and renewed their kiss. Dean arched off the couch at the contact, feeling his cuffs hold him back again. Sam raised a hand and gripped the cuff chains together, tightening Dean’s bonds and stretching his body. Dean’s breath hitched. Again he felt intimate pleasure rake down his spread muscles and pool sinfully in his gut.
Castiel’s bedroom was once again full of the sounds of stifled pleas and heavy breaths, although this time Castiel wasn’t in pain. Dean panted along with him, their bodies moving as one. Dean couldn’t remember ever feeling so good. When Castiel’s head sank back into the pillows, no longer able to kiss Dean, Dean upped the pace and deepened his thrusts. Castiel rolled his hips instinctively and Dean groaned and buried his head in Castiel’s shoulder.
“Oh, right. I need to get that checked out,” Castiel said. “I keep forgetting.”
“I can’t thank you enough,” Castiel said.
“Okay, look.” He shifted to face him, “When we were growing up, our dad was kind of… weird… about dating. We were hunters, you know? It wasn’t good to get attached. But still...” Sam realized he was approaching a subject Dean probably wouldn’t want him discussing with anyone, but the more he thought about it the more relevant it seemed, “Don’t tell Dean I told you about this.” He warned. When Castiel nodded, he continued, “When we were kids Dean was always hitting on everybody. Girls and boys. Well, one day
After a while, Claire found some dry-erase markers which prompted Gabe to ask if they could sign his cast. Castiel stepped in quickly.
Sam groaned and shifted his hips uselessly. He had a dildo deep inside him, pressing teasingly against his prostate so that every move of his muscle sent sparks up his elongated spine. And Dean had a button on his phone that would make it vibrate. Sam bit his lips and shut his eyes tight, loosing himself in submission.
“Cas,” Dean said. “You idiot.”
Years passed, and it seemed the close quarters and even closer bond synced Sam and Dean’s cycles. Every couple months they spent a week frantically avoiding each other, even while they hunted together with their dad. John blamed the boys’ constant bickering on having two young Alphas cooped up on the road together, but Sam and Dean knew the truth.
Dean snorted.
“Dean. Did I say to stop counting?”
“She’ll always be with you, though,” Garth said gently. “You don’t need to be a ghost to stay with someone forever.”
Sam couldn’t say no to that. He took a controlled breath and angled his cock into Dean’s prostate.
Meg!Sam  x Castiel ... Smegstiel?
“Dad… I didn’t...!”
Castiel had thought about that a lot over the night. But his intuition said, “No. I think she only came back for a moment. I think she moved on a long time ago.”
After they both cleaned up, they got back into bed for a few hours of sleep. Neither of them dressed. Dean’s last thoughts as he drifted off were surprisingly free of fear and uncertainty, instead, a warm, relieving wash of joy. Whatever happened tomorrow, he and Castiel would face it side by side. And maybe, if they both survived, they could spend a lot more time together while awake.
“Can you taste that?” Sam asked hazily, “Doesn’t it taste like… molecules?”
“Yeah. My older brothers were pissed,” Castiel smiled darkly. “I was, too. So Charles became Charley,” he said simply. “Then we had Gabe, named after my step-brother—he did a lot for me when I was growing up. Then came Claire—Meg and I both liked the name. But by the time she became pregnant again, we’d kind of run out of names,” he chuckled. “We called the baby ‘little Meg’ all the way through her pregnancy, and it just stuck. I’m grateful for it because, well, a year later Meg died.”
The boys immediately began talking over each other.
“Yes,” Sam answered honestly, unable to open his eyes.
“What! You don’t trust me?”
Castiel sighed impassively, “I suppose.” He attention fell to Sam once more.
Castiel eyed him suspiciously.
Dean had never heard Castiel talk like that. He stared at him hard.
“Hey!” Gabe suddenly looked around in glee. “Boys night!”
Dean grinned and stood up, backing Ketch into the table. They stripped and hefted themselves up onto it, knocking an assortment of things off that shattered and skidded across the kitchen floor. Neither of them cared.
Castiel nodded. “Second wife. She’s Meg, Claire, Gabe, and Charley’s mom. We went to the same college and did our residency together. My first wife, Kelly, was Jack’s mom. She passed away, too.”
ABO, Alpha/Dom/Top!Dean x Alpha/Sub/Bottom!Sam, Handcuffs, Anal, Dirtytalk, mild BDSM
“When can Jack come over?”
“Damn, did he see us?”
Mortimer’s expression softened sympathetically.
Dean threw the pillow in frustration and got up, grumbling about dead archangels cockblocking his own dick. He wasn’t sleeping now. He took the coldest, angriest shower, got dressed, then went and woke Sam up.
“Cas, run!” Dean gritted his teeth.
Jack beamed at Dean.
Dean took the opportunity to admire Castiel from behind as he picked up his phone. Castiel glanced back at him and Dean looked away theatrically. Castiel grinned.
There was a wet pop from under the desk, followed by Gabriel swirling his tongue around and around Sam’s head, “Nope.”
Dean’s motel room was dark. The rain streaked window flashed behind closed blinds, followed by a distant rumble. Dean was sprawled out on the bed, half naked and twisted up in the comforter. It had been three days since he and Sam started a hunt, during which time neither of them slept. The first thing Sam did when they finished was get himself his own room. Dean snored when he was sleep deprived and he was too tired to argue. His head hit the pillow and he was asleep not three seconds later, snoring loudly. But after a while, the snoring stopped. His breathing deepened and he shifted dreamily under the sheets. A brief flash of dim light illuminated the lines of his bare neck and back, rising and falling slowly as he lay belly down, his face nestled in the crook of his arm. His eyes darted under his lids.
Rowena smirked.
Castiel was in his bathtub.
“I’m back!” He called, looking around. “Dean?”
Castiel pulled out of him as they kissed. Sam put his feet back on the bed and held Castiel to him. Sam could have fallen asleep right there. When Castiel pulled away, he lifted Sam under the knees again. Sam glanced down and watched Castiel begin to lick at Sam’s entrance.
Wincest
Sam smelled like Fall. It was a husky scent; like bergamot, cinnamon cloves, and rose. After a shower, he smelled like rain. Sometimes he smelled like gasoline, leather, and a little citrus, but Castiel knew that was Dean’s smell. He could always tell when they’d been in the car together for long periods of time. Castiel could also tell what Sam had eaten that day, but he didn’t like to bring it up. Sam always looked at him funny when he said things like that.
“So,” Dean said conversationally, “what made you move to Derby?”
Dean opened the door for them and Castiel walked inside with Meg.
"Hey, Cas, thanks." Dean took the steaming mug from Cas without missing a beat, then sat down beside Sam.
“Shit, goddamnit, asshole!
In contrast to Gabe’s hot-headed glare, Charley looked so dejected that Castiel felt his anger ebb away in spite of himself.
Claire sighed again, with emphasis. "You promised I'd have my own room, remember? If I have to listen to Meg snore one more night..."
Crowley stopped abruptly, panting, “I said relax.”
“I’m sorry what?” Dean couldn’t have heard that right.
The hunter turned away to find a tempting pile of strawberry pancakes waiting for him on the table. There was also a mug of coffee with sugar and cream place next to it.
Dean stormed off the bed and went to face the guy.
Of course, Dean did not listen and try to grab one on his way but just end burning himself. “HOT Bread!”
Dean left his friend with his book. He found some pajama clothes next to his bed then push the button to the bathroom to prepare for bed. He took the notebook and a pencil with him to be sure to have them in the bathroom for the next morning. With his limited time, he didn’t really have time to look for the escape plan right now, and that way he wouldn't forget to bring them while sleepy in the morning.
“I think he just doesn’t care if we can talk to each other. He doesn’t think that we can start a rebellion. And from what I’ve heard it was once useful to get help when somebody in another area had an urgent medical situation.”
Dean decided to continue his conversation with his apparently nice neighbor, the one who didn’t try to insult him every sentence. The guy probably was just another victim of the psycho, but he probably had more experiences about all that. Maybe he could tell Dean if the visit from monsters really was a daily event around here and maybe he had answers like why the Sinclair-guy had such a weird address book.
Content with his job well done, Dean smiled up at Castiel who was staring at him again. Dean stared back with a big smile for several seconds but a movement of Castiel’s wing put his head back on track.
Awesome, so now he couldn’t even tell what was hurting him more between his shoulder or his head.
“Dean, I’m finished with what I needed to write.”
Well.
“Yeah, I need to pass a weird corridor to go there but they’re a spell to take me there. Apparently, I’ll have access to it for thirty minutes every morning and five if I push a bouton.”
“Thank you, Dean. I’m just going to need some time to make sure that the plan is perfect, but I think we could try it during this afternoon tour. It’s the perfect time because it’s the vampire day of visit and they used to make quite a racket when they arrived in the lycanthrope area which his just after us.”
Because he didn’t have a choice, Dean stayed right where he lost his dignity on that floor. He kept an eye on the vetalas while they turn around to live the room. The door shut behind the blond one who was still giving him the stink eye.
(See the end of the chapter for
For a train and supposedly really good hunter that was probably the stupidest decision that he ever had.
Dean took a careful step back, resisting the tempting plate. Trying not to listen to his stomach who was growling “Eat the damn thing!!” he turned around to watch what he could see from the strange window-wall.
Just when that ugly-suit-Cuthbert-guy was going to finally make sense he was cut by the voice of a French singer coming from his phone “Non, rien de rien, non, je ne regrette rien…”
“You know Dean, even if it’s pained me to say so, he probably is right.” Castiel, always the pragmatic one said with a lower volume level. “But you’re right, your place isn’t here. We need to find a way to get you out.”
While holding his razor blade tightly in his right hand, he slowly opened the door to take a pick in what was behind it. Castiel said that the commotion that he will create between the vampire and the werewolf will probably occupy most of the guards around here. Even if the guy seemed to know his stuff, Dean couldn’t be too careful.
But he was alone in the room.
(See the end of the chapter for
The young man denied his brain who wanted to make another remark about how this was kinky to defuse this stressful and serious atmosphere.  He opened the door and push his prisoner outside the cell.
“Dean?”
“I’m just eating. Some monster-chicks just brought me dinner.” Saying that out loud, he realized that he had missed something. “Is it already dinner time? I only had breakfast!”
I tried to post a chapter every week but I got a major writer block... Then COVID happened and as a healthcare student, I was struggling with my internship at a local clinic which was way harder than any other before during the day just to come home to take my online classes (worst organization seriously). I was basically too exhausted to write anything...
“Shit!”
Dean tried to see the guard but it was impossible behind the wings. He tried to put his hands on the angel shoulder and push just hoping that the guy will just understand that he couldn’t see anything and just bend his knees or something. Of course, the guy didn’t get the memo and Dean pushed so hard, bringing force with his legs, that he ended doing so weird gym above the guy's wings. Seriously the angel was like a horizontal bar.
Dean shouted some colorful insults to his attention, but nobody seemed to be able to hear him. His annoying neighbor wasn’t saying anything anymore even if the young man was screaming louder than ever.
Dean feet stopped him in the front of the second door. It slowly open in front of him.
His angel is in front of him, looking like a kicked puppy but very much alive.
“It’s called a backpack Dean.”
With an enormous 6-foot wingspan, the wings were impressive. A magnificent set with hundred of feathers. Most of them were beautiful, with a shiny charcoal black color and some of them had some deep color like green or blue depending on the light, just like a spot of oil on the asphalt.
“Huh, thanks I guess?” The human looked at the stethoscope in his hands, still very confused about what just happened.
Dean tried to look confident and push his prisoner in here.
“WHAT? What girlfriend? What are you talking about? You know what, I’m just in front of your big scary bunker, I don’t even know how I came here!” Charlie starting to sound freaking out more and more, it’s so different from her composed self Dean knew in apocalypse world. “Please Dean, just told me you still leave there?”
Thank you for reading!
“You’re right.” the guy began calmly, “I didn’t introduce myself and that’s a mistake. My name is Cuthbert Sinclair. I like to say that I’m a respectable and recognized collector. I especially love occult and supernatural items. You, my friend, are my new masterpiece, the pièce de résistance of my new exhibition.”
Anyway, this chapter isn't perfect but I felt bad to just disappear without news so I choose to post it. Hope you like it anyway <3
“Do you have any silver weapon on you?”
The young man took a few careful steps inside the room. He looked on his left and see the name “Castiel” and the number 2 on the next door. The name was written in small letters under a much larger word that Dean couldn’t read because it wasn’t in any language he knew. He wasn’t even sure if he already saw that alphabet before in his life.
“Give me your notebook with your pencil. I will write every step that you will need to follow. Even if Sinclair doesn’t have any listening device in our cell, I don’t want any undesirable attention.”
Please if you have time leave a comment!
Wide eyes, Dean looks to Charlie inside his arms wearing a grey t-shirt and pink flannels. He pushes her a little and try to look at her in the eyes.
“Your kid happened.” Bobby starts explaining, “he’s doing some reconstruction in heaven with his angels. He said that the old god just killed us for shock value. That our deaths were just for his little personal pleasure to see you both sad and give something that he could use for his storyline.”
That was the first thing that Dean felt. Then he had that weird feeling, like if all his limbs just wanted to stay asleep, and he didn’t have the force to open his eyes. He didn’t fight it because sleeping seems like an excellent idea right now. He just tried to stir a little but quickly fell back to unconsciousness.
Soon enough he could hear someone knocking from the other side. It was a rhythmic sound and the young man couldn’t be happier that his father taught him Morse code when he was just a kid. Like his old man will say: You never know when things will come in handy.
“We’ll be there in just a few minutes.”
“Dean, you do not need to fear me. I want to help you out of here.”
He found himself in a small white hallway. It was completely empty except for a little security camera in a corner. There were only two automatic doors. The first one was at the end of the hallway and the second was on the left wall.
With a little more attention, he discovered a door on the wall opposed to the glass. The door was made with the same wood thing that the wall and there was no doorknob so that explain why he didn’t saw it right away. Dean tried pushing it but like he though the door didn’t move at all. But that didn’t stop him, so he took a few steps back and project all his weight on the door.
I hope you and your love ones are okay and that you wash your hands!
“And how do you count to do that?” Hurrah! By yelling Dean caught Metatron attention again. His voice was clearly not something that Dean could say he was happy to hear again.
“You too Sammy. What do you want to do know that we don’t need to save the world?”
The face the guy made look like the one of a three-years-old telling his mommy with great disappointment that he couldn’t lace his shoes. This guy with these huge scary wings shouldn’t be cute like that.
“Dude, could you turn around or something? Shouldn’t you be changing to?”
They’re all sitting around the map table when Dean came back giving beer to everyone.
“Yeah, but no,” Claire responded. “For now, I’m just a nursing student but I’m the only person Sinclair found who wasn’t human so here I am, trying to study.”
“Cas? Not that I’m not happy about you helping me, it’s quite the opposite really, but can you tell me how long you were here exactly?”
“Can you sit him up for me then?” Dean asked.
Well, as expected that didn’t do anything except a very loud “bong” noise and what felt like a huge bruise in his shoulder.
THAT was a response like he wanted! At least the second dude was starting to make sense! But wait… What did he just say?
“What, what’s wrong?” Dean asks his brother.
“What’s that Castiel?”
“I’m not paid enough for this. I’m trying to study for my test. And I don’t know how angel work.”
“Hope you get your girl, Sammy.” That’s really the bare minimum that Sam deserves after all the things he did to save this world.
“Yes. Our first priority will be to leave the building.”
Castiel took the bag and place it over his shoulder before starting to go to the door.
They tried to put everything in the backpack they got from the guard at their cell, but since it was already stocked with food, they couldn’t put everything in here.
Dean heard the wings, and he felt his heart jumping while his head snaps up.
“Yeah! Ea’ing”
I'm sorry to be back with that chapter because I need to say that I'm not really proud of what I did with it but I need to stop procrastinating posting because I'm not sure that feeling is going to change anytime soon
“I’m decent you can turn.”
He decided that he would stop hunting, just helping the other hunter like Bobby used to. All their contacts know to call them if they need to strengthen their FBI cover or just info from the lore (after all they still have the best books collection in the united states). Just like the call he had from a couple of hunters chasing people wearing weird masks who kidnapped kids and leave people tongue-less behind them. Turns out they were just vampires that their dad already hunted years back.
Thanks a lot for reading <3
The song used for the ringtone is the french song “Non, je ne regrette rien” from Edith Piaf
The young man walked closer to the wall he shared with his new friend in this horrible place.
For now, he had decided to let him in his own clothes because he noticed that it was something that had calm a lot of the other individuals of his collection when they opened their eyes for the first time in their cells.
Dean supposed that the door wasn’t locked just like his, but he couldn’t just go in there first. Castiel said that he needed to find a key because unlike Dean, the bounds he had around his ankles were chained to a wall. The other man said Sinclair did that because it wasn’t his first attempt to escape. That means if Dean was caught, the next escape plan will be more complicated because his security will be reinforced. But that wouldn’t happen because he was not going to get caught, Dean was sure of it. After all, the first step to succeeding in a plan was to believe in the plan. Right?
He didn’t know how much time has passed since he arrived here, but he thought that he didn’t have a lot of alone time remaining. He used it to try to find an exit, but the door was firmly closed, and the ventilation system was just a little thing that could count as an exit only if you were the size of a fly.
“I am going to kill you.”
“The house was eventually cleaned up and put on the market,” Mortimer went on. “We were all relieved to put the past behind us. But it wasn’t over. The newest family, the Marshals I believe, talked about strange smells, problems with the pipes, the water tasting funny, etcetera. I overheard their children talking about something whispering to them from the attic. The family finally became so fed up with the house’s problems that they decided to remodel the kitchen.”
Castiel took it. “Thank you.”
“I got it,” Dean said as Castiel began to get up.
Dean’s gaze hardened at Ketch, “Did you
Dean felt fingers reaching in and stroking a spot in him that made Dean feel like he was coming. Dean gasped and clenched down, but those muscles weren’t working for some reason. He couldn’t move them awake or asleep. Gabriel was milking his prostate in the bunker and fucking him here, all at the same time, and it made Dean short circuit, gasping and shaking uncontrollably.
"Yes," Castiel said softly. "But it will hurt."
When Castiel walked back into the living room, he saw Claire had come home through the back door. She had a wide-eyed look that made Castiel’s eyes narrow, and she was hushing a giggling Meg.
Sam heard Castiel shouting from a mile away and sprinted back to the cabin. All Dean heard was the door slamming open, a shotgun cocking, and then Sam sputtering in disbelief.
“Not even a little.” Dean looked it up, smirking. His smirk fell when he found the answer. He glanced from the phone to Sam. He wanted to wipe Sam’s adorable little victory smile off his damn gorgeous face. “Whatever. Open up.”
“Gabe!” Castiel said angrily.
“Naked?” Meg supplied. Her voice was smooth and sultry, “I said I wanted to thank you, didn’t I? For saving my life?”
Sam’s shoulders dropped. Sure, his bathroom was now a mess but, he laughed. He walked over to the bathtub. He bent down, reaching his arm into the bubbles to turn the water off. He grabbed the empty bottle, “Next time, just use a couple pumps.” He tossed the bottle into the trash then continued toweling off, “As you can see...” Sam continued in amusement, “It lathers up pretty well.” Sam watched as Castiel took a handful of bubbles and inspected it. Sam smiled fondly, “Well, you’re definitely clean now.”
Dean grabbed a fistful of Sam’s pajama pants and yanked them down his thighs.
Dean ignored him completely. “You just tell me when you’ve had enough.” He went on, fondling Sam forcefully now. He could feel him beginning to soak his pajamas in excitement. He released his cock and dragged his fingertips up Sam’s hips and stomach, then yanked Sam’s pants down his thighs.
That was it for Sam. His cock throbbed and he came once more, without Archangel assistance, without Gabriel even touching his cock. Gabriel prided himself on being able to do that. Gabriel had a hand on Sam’s belly and one on his collar, and he kept muttering into his ear. Gabriel came after him, bucking up into Sam’s body and filling him with one last, plentiful load of cum.
“Do you?” Dean said. It took all his strength to speak with Castiel fucking the breath out of him.
“I forgot you were coming by, sorry. There’s fresh coffee if you’d like some, and some not-so-fresh bacon on the stove.”
“Right. Dean is very good at
The van parked noisily and a group of young adults got out. They had a scruffy, lives-in-their-parents’-garage look about them, and they were laden with high-tech equipment. They looked quite serious—Almost too serious.
Castiel’s breath hitched. In the next second, he was pulling out and fucking Sam hard and fast. Sam’s groans of pleasure filled the room, matched only by Castiel’s. Sam normally had to ruffle Castiel’s feathers to get him to moan, but he was doing it freely now. The sound was pure sex. Sam closed his eyes and let his arms lay out beside him as Castiel passionately, forcefully, had his way with Sam.
At last he said, “No. I don’t know anyone like that.”
“It’ll be okay,” Castiel said. “Sheriff Mills is having a new front door brought over. We’ll install it tonight, and tomorrow we’re going to have a security system installed.”
Sam jumped slightly. “Cas...” He smiled, putting an arm over his eyes.
“...Dripping for me.” Crowley slid the tip of his thumb just barely inside of Sam and circled it around and around.
Castiel didn’t respond. He removed the apparatus from his arm and set it aside, then he pressed his fingers to the prick of blood to heal it. There was a progression of the darker and darker marks, a timeline of injections. A sudden coughing fit overcame Castiel and he gripped the work table.
But neither had moved. Dean rubbed his shoulder comfortingly. All of the anxiety and fear building in Castiel seemed to have reached critical mass and he bowed his head to hide his face, ashamed of himself, but Dean didn’t back away. In the next instant, Castiel felt himself being pulled into a hug.
Castiel chuckled. It definitely wasn’t therapy they were doing last night. “Is that what we’re calling it now? Therapy?”
Castiel was grateful for that.
Sam moved Castiel’s legs apart and sank between them. He placed his hands on the edge of the tub by Castiel’s arms, leaned down, and kissed him. Castiel always tasted good, like something Sam couldn’t quite place – like a flower or a kind of whiskey he’d never tasted before. Sam tasted like amaretto coffee, winter-mint, bubbles, and just… Sam. It was Castiel’s favorite taste.
“Or I could text,” He agreed, “That sounds much easier.” He smiled.
Sam licked his teeth, trying to get the taste off.
When Crowley spoke again, his voice was soft and warm, “Do you like when I touch myself thinking of you?” He rasped.
That first press into his body was absolute bliss. Dean was hot and firm around the head of Castiel’s cock, and Castiel had to resist the urge to buck his hips. Castiel’s hands shook on Dean’s sides as he let Dean adjust himself. Dean’s expression had become as dazed as Castiel’s, but he kept going, swallowing him up inch by inch. A short groan from Dean made Castiel realize that he was sitting flush on Castiel’s lap.
Sam smiled weakly, “Nah…” a cough, “No, I mean. Maybe. But…” he took a deep breath and looked Dean in the eye, “I liked it.”
Kaia smiled.
“I’m not going up there alone!”
“Nothing I can’t handle,” she said smartly. “Good to see you again, Cas.”
“Actually, uh, I didn’t sleep w...well….”
Sam shouted and moaned, writhing in his bonds.
Charley pushed him, smiling embarrassedly. “No, I’m not.”
“You really think he likes dad?” Charley asked.
Castiel considered this. “No. It’s late. And I don’t want the kids here while I do it.”
Everyone was sad to see him go. He’d been an exemplary resident of St. Francis and the Chief of Medicine had high hopes for him, but she couldn’t persuade him to stay. So Castiel quit and moved to the nearby Health and Healing building to take up a position as a Physical Therapist. His hours were cut nearly in half, as well as his paycheck, but he would be able to raise his children alone.
“Good.” Castiel leaned forward and kissed him gently.
Sam smirked at him, “What?”
Castiel had completely forgotten about the figure on the porch the previous night as he yawned and poured Meg more juice. He’d even forgotten about Dean Smith until a knock on the door woke him from his thoughts. Wondering if his neighbors had finally come by, he gave Meg her juice quickly and opened the door.
Dean’s grin was growing. “Actually, my knee is starting to hurt a little, maybe we could squeeze in a quick therapy session on the counter over th…”
"Perhaps, if you'd let me…"
Castiel glanced at him, wide eyed.
Dean grunted his acknowledgement as Sam got out of bed.
Dean had brought the coffee pot right to the table and was pouring himself another cup.
“Hey, Charlie,” Castiel asked. “When you uh… hacked the police database…”
“You said he has five kids, right?”
“What about the ghost upstairs, dad?” Charley asked quietly.
Gabriel’s tongue swirled and sucked as he made out with Sam’s hole, letting himself get nice and messy. Sam could picture it well enough, and it made his balls tighten. Gabriel slid a finger into Sam while he rimmed him, and began massaging the cum into Sam’s prostate. Sam bucked and gasped. Within seconds, Sam was coming again. He moaned hotly, loving that Gabriel kept going until Sam went numb. He lay gripping the seat, relying entirely on his bondage to keep his trembling ass up for Gabriel to abuse. Gabriel knew he’d broken him right then and there.
Sam’s smile widened. He folded his arms across his broad chest and leaned on one hip, doing a striking impression of Meg. “You
“It’s okay… just sleep,” Dean said shakily.
Sam gasped and nodded.
“Okay, but...” Sam swiped his laptop off the table as Dean jostled him in the direction of the bunker’s lounge area.
Sam smiled, scooping Castiel into his arms under the water, “It’s just… you had that look again. Never mind. It’s cute.”
"Wait… wait," Sam paused, looking suddenly concerned.
“Oh?”
“Felix is Jack’s,” Charley said, who looked unusually keen regarding the topic of a dog.
Castiel stared in silence at the blood-filled syringe. It gleamed dully in the dark dungeon. At last, he turned back to Dean and muttered, “Injection number twenty. One-forty-two-am.”
“Do you have a sec?” Dean asked Castiel.
“Yes. Now hold still.”
“Dean! Cas!” Sam hurried over to them. He sank down on his knees and put a hand on each of their shoulders.
Dean’s brows came together. “What a dick.”
“Uh, yeah. Yeah, it’s fine,” Dean said smoothly. “Had to let it sit for a moment. I’m gonna test it now.”
Dean turned to see Castiel holding a picture frame. There was a circle of dust on the side table from where it had sat dormant for decades. The picture showed a young boy holding up a fishing line with a large bass on the end. He was glowing with pride.
Flirting, mentions of sex, slight gore/violence, humor, Sam, Dean, and Crowley are 200% done.
“Oh, but,” Spruce realized, “Maybe one of the kids should stay. You know.”
Jack put Meg down to chase after her siblings, who had run to get Felix so they could be reunited. Jack smiled after then, then turned to look at his dad.
Dean smiled slightly.
“What?” Gabe asked innocently.
“Just breathe. You won’t be able to put any weight on it so you’ll have to hold on to me.”
Sam’s heart leapt in his throat. Crowley was tying him up with rope? If Shibari was what he remembered from Bobby’s ill-hidden fetish novels, then Sam was in for a long night.
Dean collapsed. He barely felt Gabriel pull out of him, but he felt oddly empty when he was gone. Dean lay panting silently on the bed, laying in his own cum. He didn’t even care. He felt Gabriel’s warmth return as he pulled Dean to him. The pressure felt amazing. It pressed all of his reverberating bliss into a ball in the very center of his body, making his very soul ring in satisfaction. He looked up groggily and mustered out one word:
Mortimer nodded, looking at him expectantly.
Dean sighed. He filled him in, but he found he wasn’t capable of much detail. The first pangs of guilt and humiliation were getting in the way, but Castiel seemed to recall it anyway. After a moment of quiet recollection, he tried speaking. Dean knew what he was going to say. Castiel had that sad look, and it made Dean’s heart flutter.
“I found it in the library,” Charley confessed.
“You got it, Cas.” Sam panted. He slicked his hair out of his eyes, absolutely drenched, then slid his hands down Castiel’s body while he caught his breath. The tightness had left his lungs and settled deep in his balls, giving him a pleasant high.
That was it. Sam moaned so hard his voice broke. His balls tightened and he felt an orgasm stronger than any he’d ever experienced burst deep within him. It was tortuously slow, shooting through his cock without any direct stimulation. It rocked Sam to his very core.
At the Derby Junior Highschool, Charley Shurley was working in the library. He had a free period near the end of the day and he was looking for something to write about for his first history assignment of the year. He was looking through a stack of newspapers detailing the rich history of horticulture in Derby. He’d always liked flowers.
Sam and Dean spent the whole day looking for another demon to interrogate, this time without Balthazar’s help. But they had no luck. They returned to their motel room surly and exhausted.
Dean came back around with his laptop. “You fucking better.”
Castiel could tell Sam was completely turned on. He was the most beautiful creature in world like this. Sam leaned down and Castiel took him by the jaw, kissing him deeply. Sam tilted his head and dipped his tongue into Castiel’s mouth, sharing Castiel’s taste with him. Castiel sighed deeply. Despite the trembling need in Sam’s body, his motions were smooth as Sam lifted Castiel’s thighs over his, sloshing more water over the edge of the tub. Neither of them noticed the mess this time. Sam slid Castiel down so that Sam’s erection was pressing against Castiel’s thigh, and Castiel’s was against Sam’s chest. Sam’s hand found Castiel cock and continued stroking it as his other hand positioned his erection against Castiel’s ass.
Sam transformed it into a fake cough and Castiel went into the kitchen looking concerned. Sam really did kick Dean that time.
That was the reaction Gabriel had been waiting for. “They fuck, really?” Gabriel grinned against his entrance. He licked his lips, then flattened his tongue against that tight ring of muscle and licked all the way up to his balls. Sam gasped again, his muscles jumping, but he didn’t stop Gabriel. So Gabriel returned to Sam’s entrance, put his lips down, and sucked him like he had his head. Sam moaned.
For Jo, who has fabulous taste!
Castiel glanced over at him.
“Oh, Cas...” he groaned encouragingly, glancing over his shoulder for a peek at Castiel all wild and ruffled up. Castiel looked darker than ever. His wings were fully extended and huge, and he was panting open mouthed. Balthazar’s stomach dropped in arousal.
He didn’t have naturally extravagant wings like Michael, or elegantly wild ones like Gabriel. Even Lucifer’s had a dark allure, despite their light, almost alien-like glow. By contrast, Castiel’s wings took work to keep vibrant and strong, but Castiel was happy to expend the energy. His had been on par with Naomi’s and even Joshua’s, all because of effort.
“Fuck, Sammy.” Dean panted, his pupils blown wide, “Do it.”
Charley, Gabe, Claire, and Meg came into his room like a whirlwind, all talking over each other.
Sam was an Alpha.
“You like other daddies? You’re silly," she giggled.
Castiel felt his phone buzz and opened it gladly. He’d been texting Jack all evening to coordinate their weekend plans and he needed a distraction. But it wasn’t Jack texting him.
With a single stroke, he sent a wave of grace through him. Castiel choked on Sam's cock, feeling his body begin to orgasm beyond his control. Michael groaned through Dean's lips, and Lucifer knew Castiel was contracting around him. Lucifer kept that orgasm going, kept Castiel's body cumming and cumming, watching him arch and writhe on Michael's cock, until he saw Michael orgasm in Castiel's ass.
“Good.’’ Sam breathed into his ear, “You know I’ve always got your back, right? I’ll never abandon you, Dean.” He slid his palms up Dean’s body and got a pleasured breath out of him, “I’ll take care you.” He kissed him again, swirling his thumbs over Dean’s nipples.
Castiel looked surprised, but he was too horny to question it, “Do you want to keep going?”
Castiel eyed him and the apparently spotless kitchen with mounting suspicion. Sensing the sink behind Charley was the cause of his son’s distress he stepped forward to investigate. At once he realized the tap was open but no water was coming out. An empty glass sat on the counter. Castiel sighed in relief.
Castiel grabbed Claire and moved in front of her.“What are you doing in my yard?”
It was true, there was a small fridge loaded with blood beside the work table, but Castiel wasn’t using it. He inhaled sharply as the needle pierced his own skin. He watched as the syringe began filling with dark, red liquid.
Castiel eyed her appraisingly. “Sure. You can paint your room black.”
“You came in my mouth, how’d you get it in my hair?” Sam asked moments later as he toweled himself off.
Claire smiled incredulously at her. “You are so weird.”
“That’s what she said,” Dean said. “‘He had a hammer. He attacked me.’” He repeated, then took a huge bite.
When they turned onto Elmwood Avenue, Castiel’s heart sank. He could see the empty patch of sky where his house had been before they rounded the bend in the road. Sure enough, the second floor was gone, and most of the first was blackened and destroyed. A surprising number of items came out of the wreckage, however, and the garage and cars had been completely untouched. Castiel remembered with a rush of relief how many boxes he’d put in storage above the garage. Most of the family photo albums were safe, along with several boxes of clothes, toys, and other things that everything else that didn’t fit in the small attic. His fire-proof safe had melted which no one seemed able to explain, nor could they explain how the things inside like Castiel’s wedding rings and other invaluable possessions had remained untouched. Feeling numb but grateful for everything he still had, he loaded up his van with Sheriff Mill’s help.
“Ride you on the table?”
Castiel realized he'd been staring, but he found Dean staring back. Castiel had been absentmindedly stroking his clean, even feathers. It felt good, even now, but it was obviously bothering Dean. Castiel dropped his arm sheepishly.
Sam swallowed, his throat still red. He obedient silence made Dean’s cock twitch, not to mention the sight his perfect pet was treating him to. How could he refuse that?
"Mm… good boy. Good boy, Sammy."
“Dad, what do we do?” Charley begged.
“You betcha!”
Sam smiled. It was a different kind of smile than Gabriel had ever seen Sam wear before. It was so vulnerable yet, all for Gabriel. Gabriel knew he’d at last gotten Sam. He’d won him over and gotten to share something intimate with him.
Scent Kink
“What is it?” Charley asked, lowering his plastic gun.
He didn’t know what to do. Should he cancel? Should he call him? It was all too much. Castiel didn’t get a chance to decide, however. In the silence of the night, he heard Claire scream upstairs.
Castiel stopped and bent double to catch his breath. He looked again at the place where he’d just seen all of his kids huddled together. Fear and anger turned to panic. Castiel looked back at his bedroom window. It was dark. The house looked like every other house on the block—asleep and silent. Castiel panted hard. What was happening? Had he imagined seeing all of his children outside?
“This is a good look for you, Clarence.” Meg sighed, raking her nails down his muscular back.
Gabriel finds out that Sam wants to be bred. For SPN Bingo.
Castiel could tell there was an unasked question in that statement. Sure enough, he caught Tess eying him curiously.
When he recovered, he saw Dean grinning at him.
Castiel buried his face in Sam’s neck. He could smell his sweat, his sex, his precum; it was all so heady and overwhelming; like the whole universe had been created just for this.
Sam hadn’t been with a lot of men, but he knew it wasn’t normal for Castiel to not need any prep work. Often times Sam did the prep work anyway because it riled Castiel up and Sam loved it. But it was moments like these, sudden, unprompted bathtub sex, that made Sam glad he could just sink into Castiel's body.
Dean smiled shamelessly and stretched. “Well, I’ll still repay you.”
Gabe mimed talking with his hand.
Sam’s whole body trembled.
“So now I’m going to tease it out of you.”
In Dean's rapturous haze, he reached around Castiel's back and clumsily massaged his wings. Castiel's body trembled and he groaned. Dean had only ever heard Cas groan a few times, so there was no way in Hell Dean was letting go of that spot. He raked his fingers through the inky feathers and Castiel bucked into him hotly. Dean moaned, spurring Castiel on.
Charley smiled wide.
“Thank you.” Dean said, relieved. He tucked Sam in, and he didn’t swat him away this time. “Need anything? Tea? Beer?”
“Did you mean it?”
“I uh… I’ll get a mop,” Castiel said.
"Guys, I have the keys!" The father yelled, fishing them out of his pocket as he carried Meg up the driveway.
This fic turned out way heavier than intended, but what can I say… Mooseley is my OTP :)
Dean could see Sam’s collarbone rising and falling, just barely exposed beneath his shirt and coat. Sam wasn’t a kid anymore. He was toned and tanned, and had the body of a god - Dean had noticed it during their first hunt. Now as he sat on the couch with Sam marking him, Dean couldn’t bring himself to stop him. He liked the feeling of his brother rubbing himself on his head and shoulders, without so much as an attempt at explanation. It seemed Dean was starting his heat and Sam had given into the urge without thinking, spurred on the smell, unable to help himself. It was almost like he was grooming Dean. Dean’s breath quickened. He spotted the bulge in Sam’s pants, and Dean made his decision in an instant. He grabbed Sam’s hands and pinned him to the couch.
“If things go sideways tomorrow, at least I’ll know you’re safe.”
Dean’s happy mood fizzled out quickly. They went to Oklahoma to check on Jody, but they just missed the big fight scene. The case turned out to be legitimate after all. Sam would be insufferable on the ride home. Delaying the inevitable, they helped Jody dispose of the bodies. Dean felt a little dizzy, but he ignored it. At dinner, he didn’t finish his steak, and complained about the restaurant being too cold. Jody told him he’s either getting sick or going through menopause. Dean played it off, until Sam and Dean were alone in their motel room.
The front door opened and Sam came inside from the cold. There was no mad scramble to get up, but Dean felt himself go red in the face despite the fire being out.
“Mhm. Say, why don’t you call Dean and tell him we’re waiting inside now?”
“How about some more juice?” he offered instead.
Dean was sprawled out on his bed, wearing nothing but that trenchcoat.
The boys stared bemusedly at her.
Gabe’s expression faltered, and Charley knew he was taking in the same first few words that he had moments ago. Charley’s heart sank.
“You can pick the rest.” Sam said. He honestly didn’t care.. Gabriel could have gotten him to agree to anything in that moment.
“I do.” Castiel assured him. For a moment he feared he’d said something wrong. But then Dean’s expression softened.
"Someone's begging for a gag tonight," Dean teased. Like all of his teases, it had a threat of truth, something that made Sam tremble in all the right places. Dean eyed Sam's thick cock and stroked it lazily, loving the sound of Sam's shameless moans.
When Castiel came back downstairs, his eyes moved to the new door. It was a nice, red door, and it didn’t have the frosted glass panels on either side. He liked this door better. He spotted a light across the street through the dining room window and thought that Mortimer must be home, watering his moon lilies. He wondered how much of the neighborhood saw the cop car. Were they already speculating what fate had befallen the latest victims of the Elmwood house?
“...Claire made the junior lacrosse team…”
Dean smiled. The muscles in his face felt alien to him. “That was great, Cas.” He murmured, leaning forward and kissing Castiel’s forehead. This time, Castiel smiled back.
“Confidential?” Castiel smiled.
After a few forceful farewells, the man hung up and looked reluctantly at his neighbor.
“Morning, Sammy.” Dean grinned. Sam tore his gaze away, so Dean grabbed his face, his demon strength still a fair match for Sam’s demon powers. “I’m going to ask you a few questions, and you’re going to answer them. Sound fair?”
Dean gestured to a chair by his bed and Sam sat down in it. His hair was as long as ever, and he’d gotten a little broader in the shoulders.
Outside, Elmwood street was dark and quiet. The only car on the road was parked a block away from number 525. The black panelling of a ‘67 Impala gleamed in the moonlight. Its engine was off and the windows were open. Dean Smith was sitting in the driver’s seat, watching Castiel’s house from a far and drinking from his flask.
“I love you, too.”
“Yeah, but one’s at college. Four of them live there.”
Gabriel seemed to sense that, because he starting looking around the room and reciting off the first things he saw, ending with, “...Jacket, and Doorknob.”
Castiel nodded slowly and disappeared.
Castiel felt numb again.
Dean rubbed Castiel’s hand, looking at him sympathetically. Castiel intertwined their fingers together. Seeing that Dean still looked interested, Castiel went on.
“Dean!” she said happily, her voice muffled as she hugged Dean’s good leg.
"Because I can't stand one more minute around Mother.” Crowley threw the magazine aside.
Sam tilted his head to the side, panting.
Dean gaped at him, then finally mustered three words: “Oh… hell yeah.” He grabbed Castiel and kissed him eagerly.
“Now!”
Sam's chest was tight, his head was light, and the pleasure in him kept expanding, pressing against his bones and making him hot to the touch. Dean scooted his heel forward and rubbed Sam's cock and balls, and Sam's hips dropped, aching for the touch of those leather boots. He felt his muscles melt and Dean's dick slide all the way into his throat.
“Oh, very good, Sam.” Crowley could tell how close Sam had just gotten. He kept teasing him, keeping him in that mind-shattering state of near release, “Don’t worry, I’ll make you come in due time. But until then, I’ve got you right where I want you. So relax. Enjoy it.”
Sam shrugged, “Yeah, maybe. I mean, it makes sense.”
"Cas… I can't," he said. He didn't expect Castiel to understand. He expected Castiel to look hurt. He expected to feel the guilt and shame he knew he deserved.
Dean sighed deeply. “They found the second kid, same as the first, hidden in the walls… but the other two were never found. The police searched the house but they didn’t find anything. The legend goes that Mrs. Bishop now haunts this house with her sledgehammer, looking for more kids to replace the two taken from the house,” he said carefully. “There’s been about ten families to move in since, and none of them have stayed more than a few months.”
It was a kind of bondage Sam had never experienced: his own body was his binding. He was free in his mind, yet he couldn’t do a damned thing to affect the sensations; he could only endure them. Meg and Castiel had full reign and, between the two of them, they played him just right. They attacked his most sensitive spots, driving him crazy with pleasure.
Castiel sighed and undid the rest of his shirt on his own. Dean's arms wove around his back to the base of Castiel's wings and gave them an experimental rub. Castiel groaned.
“Cas! Oh, Cas! Yes!” Sam’s hips shuddered as his body vibrated in orgasmic bliss. His legs squeezed around Castiel hard. “Yes...”
"What, Cas?"
Castiel sensed that the clothes thing was one of those ‘kinks’ Dean never clearly expressed but obviously enjoyed, so Castiel started wearing his shirts under his suits when they went out. On one particularly messy werewolf hunt, Castiel got injured and tore his suit. While Dean was fixing him up, he noticed his old Metallica shirt peaking out from beneath Castiel’s ripped button up. Dean froze.
With Sam's enthusiastic consent, Dean was soon straddling Sam’s chest and panting, his dick down Sam's throat. Their fingers were intertwined above Sam’s head and Dean was hunched over him, rocking his hips into his mouth over and over again.
The house had a spacious open kitchen and dining area. Beyond the staircase was a living room with an old fireplace and large windows overlooking the sunlit backyard. A hallway off the kitchen led to the laundry room, bathroom, and two spare bedrooms, one of which would become the father’s new office. The entryway was already littered with three pairs of shoes, and the children were running around a maze of boxes waiting to be unpacked. The furniture had already been moved in and situated, for the most part. Felix the corn snake had been placed on the kitchen table in his plastic box.
Castiel took the bag of pickle chips into his office and, less than an hour later, had caught up on his week’s work. It would have felt great, if it didn’t feel like he was trying to outrun something monstrous. He noticed on his online calendar that Garth Fitzgerald IV had scheduled another appointment for the following week. Castiel considered referring him to another therapist. Dr. Uriel always got good results, even if he was a bit of a sadist. Maybe it would turn Garth away from his office entirely. It was probably for the best.
Bondage
“She opened the window,” Jack explained, “so we could get out.”
Dean eyed him slyly. “I’ll bet you did.”
Once Crowley put himself back together, he got up to inspect Sam. He traced his fingertips over the ropes, giving Sam’s hot skin just the slightest breeze of contact. Then Crowley reached under Sam and gave his balls a firm squeeze.
Slowly, Castiel put the poker down and began to clean up. He mopped the salty water off the kitchen floor, put the teapot away, picked up all the wood in the living room, then vacuumed the rest. The sound of the vacuum seemed distant, like Castiel’s ears were plugged with water. He seemed to have entered a state of muscle memory. He barely knew what he was doing. He cleaned the sooty footprints off the wall and ceiling then, with nothing left to clean, he went out to the garage to get his tools to fix the railing.
"Mm, good boy, Sam," Dean praised.
After a few minutes of hard work, Dean got the pipe section dismantled but there wasn’t anything in there. He looked at the stained, yellowish wall that the pipes fed into. The dismantled pipe jutting out of it was completely dark inside. Dean took out a tiny flashlight, turned it on, and lowered himself to look inside.
Castiel wiped his face with his hand.
Sam couldn’t help but smile at the sight of his neighbor’s face, red with laughter. “She uh… she read a tip online about cleaning discs with peanut butter.”
Black smoke engulfed Charley, throwing him off the attic stairs. He hit the floor with a loud thump and awoke with a start. Realizing he wasn’t in the livingroom, he rolled around just in time to see the attic stairs fly up into the ceiling as if propelled by an invisible force. The black figure was standing in front of him, swaying ominously. Then Felix hissed, the woman bore down on him, and Charley screamed.
“Are you okay?” He finally pulled away to look at them both. “What happened?”
Sam woke up three hours later, bleary eyed and hungry. Dean was snoring slightly with the laptop on his stomach, so Sam closed it and set it aside. He threw the extra blanket over Dean and went to make some food. He felt strangely better. Maybe he really did just need some sleep.
Charley and Gabe didn’t need telling twice. They ran off down the path, dirt trailing behind them.
“I know you think you saw a ghost here, and I believe you, but…” Castiel said carefully. “I want you to give this house more time. I think once you get used to it, you’ll stop seeing things like that.”
Castiel was suddenly regretting his sympathetic generosity. “It’s a little too soon for a dog. We don’t even have a fence yet. Besides, we have Felix.”
Dean stared wearily at the storage room door.
Gabriel smiled.
Dean didn’t know what he was talking about, and frankly he didn’t care.
“Meg’s alarm,” Castiel said.
“No,” Castiel said at once.
“Cas.”
Dean leaned in, laying atop Castiel fully. “I’m glad you moved to Derby.”
story was…” she grimaced, “gross.”
"Look at you, the Boy King of Hell, and you’re melting at a lowly demon’s touch,” Dean breathed, “Because you need him more than anything, don’t you?” With a powerful movement, Dean hoisted Sam's ass and legs up off the floor, so that Sam was laying on the table with his bottom half held up by Dean. "You want me in your ass and your veins, don't you?"
Castiel looked around for the first time and realized the mess he’d made, “Perhaps you were right about the bubbles...”
“The looks on your faces!” He wiped his eyes.
“Dean…” he rasped.
The light turned off and Castiel saw the older man who lived across the street, his gaunt facing peering out over his moonlit flower garden. “Alright, then,” he called mildly. “Have a good night.”
Ian’s patience paid off shortly after the peanut butter incident that afternoon, when Mr. Smith called Sam to his office sounding harassed. There was an accusatory note in his voice that Ian could hear from the receiver. He gave Sam an ‘oh shit’ expression that barely disguised his glee, and watched Sam get up looking annoyed.
Castiel didn’t flinch. “Yes,” he said simply.
Michael eyed Lucifer appraisingly and Lucifer flashed him a dark smile. They seemed to finally accept that they had something in common.
He tried to kick Dean off but Dean was determined now. Sam was knotting—it was taking a little longer than usual, but he was actually knotting—and Dean was thrilled. He could feel Sam's knees shaking and he could taste precum leaking down his throat, but he was determined to see this through regardless of the consequences.
Sam huffed a nervous, but pleased laugh.
Castiel walked back to the table, resigning himself for another ghost discussion, but Meg didn’t ask about ghosts.
Castiel sat up in surprise. “Alright, alright! Enough!” He had to holler. “What’s going on?”
"It's fine," Sam sighed. "It's not like I haven't done that to you before."
“Gabriel,” Castiel said firmly, “I’ve had enough of these pranks.”
“Yeah, and now you’re going to die because of it,” Dean muttered.
“Claire!” Castiel’s voice was tight with worry. “I’ve been calling you!”
For a split second, Sam actually thought he was going to come. His balls tightened, making Sam gasp and moan, but the sensation wasn’t enough to tip him over the edge. He teetered there for minutes, just groaning.
Castiel nodded intently.
Claire grinned. “That’s cool. Dad, can I…?”
“Well,” he smiled, “at least you didn’t sleep with him.”
“Now, Sam.” Crowley began stalking around him, “I have a theory. Tell me if I’m right.”
Dany said.
Dean always like to dominate Sam during sex, but after a bad hunt he decides to give Sam the reigns. For SPN Bingo.
The girls exchanged looks, and Gabe suddenly stopped laughing. He pelted down the hall, laughing as Claire and Kaia chased him.
“You mean, homosexuality? Yes, I’ve read about that.”
He turned just in time to see Mrs. Bishop rise out of the flames and lunge at him. She threw him into the stairs and he only just managed to hang onto his rifle. But he couldn’t reload fast enough. The shells hit the ground and rolled into the growing inferno as Mrs. Bishop bore down on them, arms extended towards Castiel.
“I know, I just… I can’t have you here right now,” he tried to explain. “We’re in the middle of something.”
Dean glanced at Castiel, hiding a smile. “Sure I can. I don’t think the nurses will like us shooting at their whiteboard, too, we’d better wait a while.”
“Don’t do that!” Charley hissed, pushing his glasses back up his nose.
squirting
“Thank you, Dean, but we’re all set,” Castiel said. “We just have a lot of boxes to unpack now.”
The show didn’t bother Sam. In fact, he was so accustomed to sleeping with Dean playing music or watching TV nearby that it actually helped him relax. Except, Sam couldn’t fall asleep. He wasn’t used to not doing anything all day, and he was feeling restless. He listened to the show for a few minutes before realizing Dean was a whole season behind him.
“What if I am?”
“Ugh, if only you had the grenade launcher!” Gabe realized.
Kaia shrugged, searching for another video to watch.
“What?”
"But… you didn't find it?" Castiel asked carefully. He assumed a single wendigo wouldn't be able to escape two hunters, especially not John Winchester and his son.
Sam’s breathing quickened, “Right.” He said. But his voice was stolen from him as he felt Crowley’s hands on him again.
established Wincest, Sassy Sam, Dom Dean, Humor and Hijinks, Blow Jobs, Anal
“Mommy?” she said.
“Stop.”
“Don’t do this, Cas. I’m not worth it.” Dean pleaded with him. “I’m not.”
Dean seemed to take that as confirmation. “You weren’t beyond a little grace-stealing before,” he went on, talking over the clinking of equipment on the table. “What happened? Tired of killing your own species? Or are you just tired of being one of them?”
“Fine.” Dean replied cheerily, “Goodnight.”
Gabriel swallowed up Sam in earnest and Sam sighed in pleasure. Gabriel smirked to himself. He massaged Sam’s balls and sucked him slowly, savoringly, like he was a particularly tasty piece of candy. Sam spread his legs absentmindedly and wove a hand through Gabriel’s head, losing himself in it. But then Gabriel popped off of him again.
“Charley, go!” Castiel yelled. “Jack, call the fire department! Get them out of here!”
“I’m not letting you do this alone!”
Maybe it was because Castiel looked clearer than he had in years, but Dean didn’t contradict him. He didn’t want to. The words echoed in his head, making his heart swell. The fear hadn’t left him, but he kissed Castiel again and said, “Okay.”
“Ah, of course.” The man set his glass aside. “I’m Mortimer Tod. And you are Castiel Shurley, I presume.”
Sam bucked powerfully, forcing Dean to hold back a groan. Sam could be a power-bottom without even trying. He rolled his body in rhythm with Dean’s thrusts and Dean gnashed his teeth, screwing up his concentration. Sam’s hips were his favorite sin.
Balthazar never took Castiel for a top… until Castiel topped him. Takes place during Season 6 around the time Balthazar teams up with Castiel and gives him the weapons of Heaven. For SPN Bingo.
Sam blindly felt Gabriel’s tongue lick up his spread hole, catching some of the cum that was seeping out. Sam’s cock twitched. He loved with Gabriel rimmed him. Gabriel’s tongue was pure sin. Gabriel reached between Sam’s legs and played with his balls, massaging Gabriel’s cum into them. He scooped up some of that cum and used it as lube to jerk Sam off. Sam groaned. Gabriel even nudged some of the cum into Sam’s cock with his finger. It didn’t really work, but the effort of trying to fill Sam there, too, made Sam moan desperately.
“That’s enough!” Castiel raised his voice and all three stopped talking.
Sam knew what he was talking about, and couldn't help but feel a little proud. “Yeah, I guessed that much," he teased.
Castiel was beside himself. If he were human he would have fallen unconscious long ago. Instead, he was forced to take Sam's cock back into his mouth, his body writhing and pulsing in its chains as Michael fucked him from behind.
But Crowley was gone.
Inside 525 Elmwood, Castiel and his five children were fast asleep in the living room. The only sound came from a clock ticking on the wall. The TV was off and the hallway glowed with soft light. Suddenly, something crossed it, making the room go completely dark.
The boys and Claire were all fascinated by Dean’s cast.
Overcome with feral pleasure, Castiel held her wrists to the floor and fucked her hard. Meg cried out in satisfaction.
A special thanks to
Dr. Mia Vallens was wonderful. Charley, Gabe, and Meg all liked her, and she even managed to make Claire look forward to going by approving of the idea to get a family dog.
Dean opened the bottle of cough syrup and poured a random amount into the cap, then held it in front of Sam’s face threateningly. “I
“What happened after that?”
Sam studied Castiel. For a moment Sam looked worried. It looked like he wanted to ask Castiel something. His eyes fell to the shadow of a beard around Castiel’s jaw. When Sam finally replied his voice was heavy. “I know you’re worried, but this is my fault. I need to take care of it.”
“Hey!”
Beta-ed by the amazing
Castiel had no idea how he got any sleep that night, but he knew he must have because the next thing he knew his alarm clock was going off and the bedside window was aglow with cool, morning light. He disentangled himself from his children and got up, causing more than a few groggy utterances. It had been a while since all of his kids slept in his bed, and long passed where the days when they could all fit. Claire had been shunted to the floor and taken all of the blankets, and Meg was lying across the boys and snoring. Despite this chaos, Castiel found himself smiling.
“We know,” Jack frowned.
Dean’s wrists were chained to the floor on either side of him, holding him down, while his hips and calves were tied with a series a ropes attached to metal rings on the floor, holding his knees apart with his ass resting on his heels. He could move his upper body if he really wanted to, but it didn’t do him much good. He was trapped.
The cane found Dean’s erection and lifted it dangerously. Precome seeped onto the wood and Dean thrashed in apprehension. But it seemed the contact lifted some barrier in Dean’s mind and, without any hesitation, he breathed, “I want to come.”
Sam had become so immobilized by arousal that he was almost tipping over onto the floor. Sam couldn’t respond, he was so focused not shaking and causing his bonds to stimulate him further.
Claire scoffed. “You’re so dumb.”
Fuck.
At last Charley’s feet reached the second-floor hallway. He fumbled in the dark, tracing the familiar route to his room. But he didn’t turn into it. He walked right past it and stopped beneath the attic. Black flakes fell silently over his head. The lock was corroding as if it had been burned. Charley reached up for the pull-cord dangling above him—waiting for him. He was just tall enough. His fingers found the cord as the lock cracked and fell, hitting the floor with a thud. Downstairs, Castiel stirred.
Despite the surprise of finding Castiel awake, Dean’s face fell to its usual stony expression. Castiel however was far from looking usual. His eyes were bloodshot and his cheeks were tearstained and red. He looked so human in that moment. Dean felt his stomach drop.
They only lasted a few rounds that time. Dean came twice in Sam’s hands while he milked him before Sam’s thrusts became desperate and fast again. Sam was an animal, fucking and groaning like Dean wasn’t even there. Sam knotted him once more, then collapsed atop him, hands splayed on the couch beside Dean’s as he came. Dean gripped his wet fingers, just breathing with his brother.
“You want me to leave you guys alone in my house?” Castiel asked.
Sam smiled and sat down beside Dean, rubbing his shoulders. “How about a massage?” He offered.
“Don’t watch it!” Dean stared at Sam incredulously.
Castiel managed to coax Claire down for dinner by bringing her a peace offering: two cans of black paint. She fought back a smile when he brought them into her room, which was as good as an ‘I love you’ from Claire.
Sam’s jaw clenched. He looked over his shoulder at Castiel, then at the warded building. It a new kind of warding Sam had discovered in the Men of Letters bunker; it deterred all demons except those escorted by the bearer of the blood used for the seal, which in this case was Castiel. But Meg was in no shape to move. So Sam took a steadying breath and turned the blade on himself. “Fine. Hurry up and do it.”
“Yes…”
Sam didn’t have time to register his relief. In the next second, Dean was pressing into his body and Sam was crying out in satisfaction.
Castiel was silent. He considered this deeply, “Are you saying Dean is… repressed?”
“Is Dean finished?” Castiel asked him.
“Oh yes!” Gabriel stood up proudly, “You did it! You solved my puzzle!”
The girls' attention was quickly stolen by a commotion in the leaf-filled yard. A short man was play-wrestling with the newest member of the Shurley family—a large, lanky Mastiff puppy named Einstein—while Charley, Gabe, and Meg were laughing and running after them. Gabriel had arrived as a ‘vampire’ which included a traditional cape and fangs but also a startling amount of glitter which spread everywhere. His cape had been torn off by the puppy already, whose bee costume was crooked. Meg had wanted to be a princess, but when she saw Claire’s zombie make-up she wanted that, too, so she was a zombie princess. Gabe was a werewolf, and Charley chose to be something called a wendigo.
Sam understood. He kissed Dean’s temple and began to doze off, still inside of Dean from behind on their soaked motel carpet. Dean swallowed. He was spent. For a while he dozed too, waking with each of Sam’s little snores and stirs. His every movement roused Dean so intimately that he couldn’t help but wake. Finally, something woke Dean that was a little more rousing. Sam’s knot was swelling back up and he was humping Dean in his sleep. Dean groaned, remembering just how dead to the world Sam had been while he slept that first time. There’d be no waking him.
“Thank you, I will,” Castiel smiled a little too late.
As Dean’s senses came back to him, he realized that Cain had moved closer. He could feel his presence like a storm cloud looming over him. Dean became self-conscious again and tried to close his legs, but the ropes kept him open and vulnerable.
Castiel’s voice was so gentle that it momentarily made Sam’s throat burn again, but it brought him a sense of comfort. If there was anyone he could trust with this, it was Castiel. He thought about what Castiel was suggesting again.
Castiel’s watery eyes moved back up to Dean, reading him. “And if it happens again? If the next house we move into is…”
Castiel's expression melted. His wings shrunk, as if being compressed by the unspoken void in the room.
“Strip.” Crowley commanded.
“He’s psychic,” Gabe corrected, awestruck.
“You’re lucky you’re cute,” Castiel grumbled, going to the cupboard for glasses.
“Um!” Meg said loudly. “Excuse
Rowena interrupts a demon interrogation led by Sam, Dean, and Balthazar with unexpected results. For SPN Bingo.
Crowley smirked, stroking Sam’s ass, “Good boy.”
“You could say that,” Mr. Smith took a breath. He made to sit down behind his desk, caught a glance at the monitor, then sat on the edge of his desk instead. “You’re uh… Sam Wesson, right? The tech guy?” There was something strange about him. He seemed uncomfortable.
Another slap to Dean’s hole, and Dean tried to thrash, only managed to shove his face in Cain’s hand. Cain grabbed Dean by the jaw and slapped his stomach with more force than before.
“Are you serious? Dude, is he serious?”
“Shut the door!” Dean yelled back, “Pervert!”
Dean swore loudly.
Sam ignored him.
“I, uh… I’ll be right back. Help yourself to anything in the fridge. There’s some pie from last night. I’ll uh… be right back.” He repeated. He nearly walked straight into the screen door on his way out.
“Uh-huh.” She smiled knowingly. “Will you want to bring Bess anything home?”
Charley looked a little sad, but he nodded.
Did Dean say four aloud? He couldn’t think straight. The cane was skimming Dean’s cock up and down, then dragged along his inner thigh.
Claire and Charley’s expression were complete opposites. Charley looked exasperated, Claire delighted. Suddenly, a voice made all three of them jump.
Five.
“Cr...Crowley.” Sam couldn’t help it. He resisted out of reflex and his ropes caught him. They held him firmly in place as Crowley reached down and touched the head of Sam’s leaking cock. Sam’s jaw dropped and his eyes fluttered closed.
Dean rolled against him again, harder. Sam sucked in a shallow breath as Dean's cock rubbed against his own.
For the next few weeks, Ketch slipped in terms of endearment whenever talking to Dean, who maintained stony silence. Dean wasn’t mad, though. Not really. All in all, it seemed like a fair exchange. He might have even added a Sex Pistols CD to his collection.
“Dean.” Sam soothed, holding him close, “You’re safe, okay? I’ve got you.” Sam kissed him, trying to rouse him, to show him he was loved, and Dean’s reaction surprised Sam.
“Did you see her? Did you see mom?” She asked at once.
"Yes," Dean practically whimpered.
“What did you do?” Charley asked.
Sam never had a fetish for leather. It was such a commonplace material in his life that he never gave it much thought. He never stopped to appreciate the subtle, musky smell, or the rough yet smooth texture. It was a practical material; one that saved his ass on multiple occasions and was a staple of hunter life.
Dean’s expression was wild with disbelief.
Sam scoffed. “Well at least I’m angel resistant.”
“You know what I want to hear,” Dean purred. “Why have you been sneaking off to drink demon blood?”
“Fe...lix…nno.”
"No! Uh, really, I'll be fine. How...how were things in Heaven?"
Mortimer Tod entered his gated yard and checked briefly on his lilies. Over the top of their moonlit petals, his dark eyes caught sight of an old car parked down the street. He stared at it appraisingly for a moment before finally stepping inside.
Castiel didn’t sleep much that night. He kept tossing and turning, listening for any sign of movement in the hallway. The salt shaker was sitting next to his clock on the nightstand. The children’s rooms were all lined with salt. The clock beside his bed kept making huge jumps in time. At three o ‘clock in the morning he woke suddenly, his heart pounding, to see Charley climbing under the covers. Castiel was just glad he wasn’t sleep walking down the stairs.
“They got in trouble, Claire,” Castiel explained.
The door burst open again, making the five of them jump. Rowena squeaked and hid behind Balthazar.
Sam slowed in exhaustion and leaned down over Dean’s back, spooning him while he fucked him. He was barely pulling out at all, just pushing against Dean’s abused ass while his knot pulsed in Dean’s body. Dean felt Sam come once more, then finally still.
It took Castiel a moment to realize what she was telling him. “Did they find anything?”
Crowley leaned over Sam’s shoulder to whisper hotly in his ear, “It’s my voice. Isn’t it?” He accused, his voice gravelly and darker than ever, “You get off on it. Don’t you, Samantha?”
Castiel stared at the name above the message—Dean Smith.
“I still can’t figure out why it keeps coming back, though,” Castiel said. “And there’s a spot on the attic door upstairs that definitely wasn’t there before, but I’m not keeping much of anything up there, it’s easier to store things above the garage, and I keep losing tools or misplacing them…” Castiel suddenly found himself ranting and he took a steadying breath. “This house is a lot more work than I expected,” he confessed. “I feel like I’m going crazy sometimes.”
“Controlling it doesn’t mean denying it. It means conquering it,” Cain instructed, punctuating his words with his cane and watching Dean’s mind slowly deteriorate. “So you are going to endure this. I will let you come, but only after you’ve earned it.” Cain stopped slapping him so Dean could respond.
Sam huffed anxiously, “Right.” Sam reached down and felt the cock cage for himself, getting a rush at how sturdy it was, “You’d better not stand me up.” He warned.
Gabe ignored him and peered at the newspapers. “Whatcha doing?”
Sam had managed to rescue Dean, but Dean was hurt. He was weak. Sam killed the witch, destroyed the hex bag, and took Dean back to the bunker. Dean didn’t talk much, but he let Sam tend to his wounds when they got back. Somehow, Sam’s words of comfort didn’t rub Dean the wrong way that time. He gave in and let Sam be the big brother for once.
“You know...” Sam sighed, “maybe...”
Jack looked around in time to see two small, soot-black arms pulling Claire into the shadowy corner beside the fireplace.
Castiel’s eyebrows came together. He shut the door and locked it. It must’ve been a shadow from the trees. Hadn’t he just told his kids about all the new sights and shadows that came with a new house? He double-checked the backdoor just to be safe, gave the corner of the living room a fleeting glance, then finally went upstairs to go to bed.
When they returned to the bunker Dean went to his room to get cleaned up and Sam started the laundry. He was able to get all of the blood stains out of Castiel’s suit, plus a stain Sam refused to let Castiel explain. They hadn’t been able to find the trenchcoat he’d been wearing, however, so Castiel went looking for it in Dean’s room. He found it.
To Jack’s relief, Castiel groaned and stirred, but the fire traveling quickly down the stairs to surrounding them. It engulfed the staircase, turning it black as paint, and the fire alarm in the kitchen suddenly blared to life. Charley, Gabe, and Meg, who had been pushed aside to avoid being hit by Castiel’s fall, all ran to their dad’s side, but Jack and Claire were trapped in the kitchen by flames.
“Good afternoon. Mr. Fitzgerald?”
Something in his flushed, heated glare must have communicated that because, in the next moment, Ketch submitted. He kept his eyes on Dean but otherwise backed off, and Dean’s arousal soared. He thought of that young boy at boarding school getting a Sex Pistol tattoo in secret, acting like a punk but secretly wanting to get caught and bent over a desk to be paddled. Dean put both hands on the table and fucked Ketch like a true Alpha – dominating him with all his might while he rode that tattoo.
