Sherlock whined and started thrusting into the air, trying to get John's prick to move somewhat inside of him, “I don't care! I’m not letting go!! And I won’t break them, they’re the most precious things to me.”
Lestrade straddled him and his nice act completely dropped. “You’re right, I did. He had a nice arse and I just couldn’t resist myself. He never came back to me though… I figured that would happen.” Lestrade sighed as he looked at Sherlock.
John swallowed and ran his finger along the glass, not speaking for what felt like hours, but he did eventually answer her question, “My life is fucked up.”
John wants to scream, but he doesn’t, “Fuck off, Sherlock Holmes!” He growls instead. ‘I’m sorry. I can't.’ And with that John leaves.
Mike took a sharp breath and nodded, “Yep.” John might not be able to see what was about to happen, but Mike could and it about broke his heart. He had never seen John so happy before and Sherlock was the cause of that… he shook his head and walked out with John.
DEUCES BITCHES!
and said those five stupid magic words and John caved. So, it appeared he actually would be caught dead in it one day, but honestly that was fine with John. They could think what they wanted, “Fine! Buy the damn necklace.” He huffed.
“Mm, very much so, yes.” He smirked. “So what do you say?”
him! He didn’t want to be touched, but apparently they thought that that was the right thing to do. Sherlock swallowed and didn’t move a muscle until he heard the doorbell ring. Slowly, he got up and moved to the door, he didn’t know who it was, and he didn’t know what they wanted – he didn’t know anything, but it was better than getting mauled by a plethora of people. He opened the door with shaky hands and saw Brian standing there, smiling at him. He was talking to Sherlock, but Sherlock wasn’t listening and Brian didn’t seem to notice.
“Glad you could show up, John.” Sigar hummed from the corner, sitting in one of the chairs that the motel room provided.
Sherlock's eyes widened, “but what? John, I will do
oooooooooo John's in trouble! I have like seven thousand and one fics to write... umm I'm going to go watch Fargo now... Maybe Tinker Taylor Soldier Spies... Or perhaps Hot Fuzz... well fuck.
Sherlock frowned as he looked at the white cloudy liquid in the syringe and the needle attached to it. He noticed that there was a blue band – probably for the tourniquet. Sherlock's eyes moved over to the small baggy with green stuff in it, it looked like grass and weeds, and then looked at the small pipe and lighter. He sighed as he took everything in – so marijuana and heroin... maybe cocaine? It was hard to tell because both substances were white and Sherlock was already shite at being able to tell what kind of drugs were in front of him... He knew he would need to know for future cases he was to work on, but he just hadn’t found the time yet and he wasn’t really in a rush. He had never done drugs anyway and he had never wanted to, but now here they were sitting right in front of him and it seemed like the best option available.
See it's slowly getting better (((; until it gets worse.... what! who said that! AHHHH I HAVE TO LEAVE IN EXACTLY ONE MINUTE SO I WILL COME BACK TO THIS!!!! (:
“Nope, wake up.” Sherlock huffed and then opened his eyes. He blinked out the sleep and then his eyes snapped opened more and his blood went cold, “What are they doing here....” He said in a small voice, his face going as white as a sheet.
hehe!! HOWEVER IF YOU NEED TO DO RESCUE BREATHING YES IT IS ONE TWO THREE BREATHE IN AND OUT FOR AN ADULT, BUT FOR AN INFANT IT IS ONE BREATH IN AND OUT AND JUST A PUFF OF AIR ENOUGH TO FILL YOUR CHEEKS BECAUSE TOO MUCH AND THEY WILL EXPLODE! ;-;
John growled and then slammed his head against the wall and stood up, “A bit feisty are we?” He hissed as Mike handed him a handkerchief. He brought it up to his face and wiped the spit off.
John drove the 2014 BMW 3 series as fast as he could, thank god Sherlock was rich and had the most up to date luxury cars. He didn't know how to drive, not one bit, and the fact that it was a newer, expensive car was a tad scary, but Harry was in trouble and damn him if he wasn't about to risk everything to save her. He barely touched the gas and the car seemed to lunge forward like he pressed it too hard. He growled and pressed lighter and soon he got the foot work of the gas pedal down to a manageable pace. He turned the corner and screamed as he almost hit a dog, but luckily for him he managed to miss it. He kept driving on the curb and all he could think about was how blessed he was that this car wasn’t manual. He was actually quite surprised that no one pulled him over for reckless driving and eventually, he pulled the car up to his house and jumped out. He didn't even bother to turn it off; he just ran to the front door and burst into the house. What he saw made his heart clench and panic rise in him. He stood there breathing heavily as he watched the scene play out. He was frozen; he didn't know what to do. He couldn't move, he couldn't think, he couldn't speak. He watched in horror as his father had both hands around Harry’s neck and was currently yelling at her. He was in shock and the only thing that finally brought him back to life was his father’s booming voice.
“I was joking!!” John groaned. “I tried to go for a piss and my legs gave out from under me. Would you mind explaining to me what happened?”
Who is there?
John shifted and bit his bottom lip. Dammit Sherlock knew how to play him. This was wrong on so many levels… If they got caught it would go on their permanent record! They would go to jail! John’s life would be ruined, but at the same time… he could not refuse a face like that, he was a weak, weak man. He groaned as he climbed onto the dumpster and bent down for Sherlock to climb on his shoulders. “And how am I supposed to get in, genius?!”
Hello my fellow homies! I'M A TERRIBLE AUTHOR I KNOW!!!! But my life has been HELLA hectic... AND I'M MOVING TO ST. LOUIS WITHOUT MY FAMILY BECAUSE THEY ARE SHIPPING ME OFF SO I JUST MIGHT CRY! Anyway! I already have chapters Ten and Eleven written so hopefully those don't take as long to upload.. Enjoy the story and I'll see you at the bottom!
He smiled sadly and choked up a bit, “Wouldn’t imagine anything less.” He said shakily.
The door opened and John looked at Sherlock sitting in his chair, he sighed slightly and shook his head, “I know you were pacing the window. Also, you didn’t have to clean.” He deadpanned. He wanted to smirk slightly, he wanted to smile, but he didn’t dare. Because right now he wasn’t even sure this was going to work out.
John was also trying so hard to contain his laughter, his body shaking violently with soundless giggles.
“Well I’m not a mechanic! There is an engine and some gas and then it just goes!” He flailed a bit. “But really… if you’re going to cosplay Sherlock Holmes and you want to make it believable you should research him more. You might be able to fool an average person, but not me… I am obsessed with the books a bit.” He cleared his throat.
John started to shake as he got closer to the body, “Sh-Sherlock....” He whimpered and reached for the lifeless man’s hand. It was cold and John wondered how long he had been gone for. “Sherlock... please... please say something to me. Let me know you’re okay... I’m sorry... I’m so sorry...” He choked out. Sherlock was silent and that broke John. He fell to his and cradled Sherlock's hand to his face.
Darkness surrounded John and he didn’t know where he was. He wandered around in the darkness and called out for someone – anyone, but no one answered. One minute he was in battlefield, feeling unimaginable pain, and the next he was in the darkness... John didn’t know what had happened, but the only thing he could make out from this was that he was dead. However, if this was what happened when you died John was very disappointed. What the hell was he supposed to do for an eternity in blackness? Maybe he was supposed to find the light before he could go to heaven... that’s what people said, wasn’t it? But there was no light in this darkness and that made him a bit bitter because he most certainly did not want to be in the darkness forever! That would be rather boring and tedious.
Sigar could feel himself slipping, he didn’t have much time, he groaned softly and closed his eyes, “Since I won’t be able to do it, you must pass on a message for me.” He hummed.
“Yay!!” John jumped up and down and then ran downstairs. He got a ride from Mycroft, even though it wasn’t that far from their house, they would walk home though. John climbed out of the car once they got there and thanked Mycroft for taking time out of his day to drop them off at their dinner date.
He stayed behind the tree trunk until John was gone and then slowly he went over and grabbed the locket that John had thrown, it took a little bit to find because it was dark and the locket was small. Eventually, though, he found it and placed it in his pocket. He stood up straight and breathed in the night fog before turning around and walking away. He had a mission to accomplish and the faster he could do that, the faster he could go home.
“Shhh, baby, it’s okay. John doesn’t hate you... Why don't you tell me how he’s not dead?” She smiled softly and ran a hand through his hair again. She wanted to avoid the topic of her illness and John seemed like the best option for that.
John felt stupid as he continued to draw his dragon, especially after he just told Sherlock that he knew how to do it.  He flipped his paper over to the front and stared at question one. The question just seemed to blend together and make no sense at all. After staring blankly at his paper for an interminable amount of time, he looked at Sherlock, then to his paper, then back to Sherlock again where he was about to open his mouth to speak, but then his stubbornness reared its head and he resolutely did not turn to Sherlock for help. He transfixed his stare right back to the bastard of a conundrum that was his worksheet.
John blinked because where the fuck did that come from? Nonetheless, he kissed Sherlock back and hummed. He was about to speak, but Sherlock beat him to it.
When John woke up he groaned slightly and moved his hand to scrub at his face, only, when he pulled on it, it was tied to something. His eyes snapped opened and he saw that his hands and legs were tied to Mycroft's bed. His hands strapped to the headboard, while his legs were tied at the foot of the bed. What the actual fuck, Mycroft? He looked around the dimly lit room, trying to figure out why he was tied up exactly, and sighed when he didn’t notice anything. What he did notice however, was that his trousers and shirt were gone and he was just lying in the bed in his pants, the necklace resting gently on his chest. Well, at least Mycroft didn’t touch that.
Sherlock took a deep breath and nodded slowly, even though he knew John wouldn’t be able to see that.
Sherlock grabbed the baggies of white powder and weed. He grabbed the syringes and the small pipes and everything he could manage and stuffed them in his box, putting them in the cupboard for now. He would hide them better later, but for now it would have to suffice. He swallowed and then walked back out to John, who was looking rather annoyed. He was also looking at him like he didn’t know Sherlock anymore, Sherlock supposed he didn’t. He sighed at that thought and stepped closer, “I’m sorry I yelled at you. I’m just – I can’t believe you’re really here.” He whispered quietly, “I thought you were dead...”
John sighed and shook his head. “No, that’s what everyone thinks of you. I on the other hand have probably read way too much into the books and have come up with my own theory on his personality.”
...............GUYS MY COMPUTER IS FINALLY FIXED!!!!! I'M SO FUCKING HAPPY!!! the old one broke completely and the new one was still away at the shops.... BUT NOW THEY ARE FIXED!!!
Oh thank god there was a pulse! It was so, so weak, but it was there. Rescue breathing then, that’s what he needed to do. He pinched John's nose and swallowed before counting.
John was silent for a long moment before he finally spoke again. “How are you…” He whispered.
stand up. Because standing up would lead to a fight and that was not a road he wanted to go down.
John growled and shook his head, “I fucking told you I would be back. I told you I just needed time away!” He snapped, “I was only even gone for three days which means you couldn’t even keep it in your pants for a fucking
John frowned a bit and stopped kissing his neck, but didn’t pull away. “Why..? We haven’t had sex in years and Brian isn’t home right now... I want you...” He swallowed, because it was Sherlock, but also because he hadn’t had sex in years and he was a horny young adult dammit.
Sherlock sniffled and shook his head, his eyes were wide at the thought of having to wear these until he died. Especially now, considering they were half cut up already. “No...”
John flinched a little. “No, Sherlock really it’s the truth… just please take the bed.” He whispered weakly.
“Sherlock's not here,” John pointed out. “Maybe you were hoping a kicked off in Afghanistan, but then when I didn’t you had to come here and tell me not to seek Sherlock out. Don’t fucking worry, Mycroft. I let go of him two years ago.”
Sherlock didn’t even try and deny it, “yes, well… I was worried you weren’t going to come and on the chance that you did I wanted it to look nice for you. And before you say anything, yes I know you’re a man of your word, but I just had anxieties. I have… a lot of that now.” He cleared his throat and looked away before turning to look back at John, “Tea?”
What's the best thing in Switzerland?
“Come on... let’s get you back to bed...” She said quietly as she helped him up. She didn’t care if it was already morning. John needed to rest.
And then he watched as John bolted, he watched as John ran for a total of thirty-three seconds before he collapsed and had his breakdown on the grass. With each word that John screamed his heart broke a little more, but he knew it was nothing compared to the pain John had felt. He also knew John was feeling worse right now than he had ever felt, feeling worse than Sherlock had ever felt. Yes, Sherlock experienced a world without John. A world where he thought John was dead. But he knew that was nothing compared to experiencing a world where he had to watch his lover choose to take his own life. A world where nothing you said to them could make them change their mind or stay.
John sighed heavily and shook his head; “you know I can’t feel things...” he swallowed hard and looked away.
Sherlock felt like crying... He felt like crying a lot of the time these days, but he always managed to hold it in, "His life." He whispered.
“I’m sorry!!” Sherlock sobbed and held onto him, “I should have believed you, but I didn’t and now everything is ruined!!”
“But... why..?” He frowned slightly.
tell him, but that didn’t do anything to ease his anger.
The cab seemed to drive on forever, but eventually it came to a stop in front of Sherlock's – and his – home.  It was still weird to him calling it his home, but it was, because at the moment he didn’t have one. He left the cab with Sherlock still inside so that he would have to pay the cabbie. It was only fair really and John knew he shouldn’t be mad at Sherlock, but he honestly couldn’t help it… Sherlock was socially awkward, hell, everyone knew that! He knew that even before he talked to Sherlock, it was one of the main reasons he got bullied so bad. Of course he didn’t understand how wrong that was, and he clearly regretted doing it, but John was still angry and he needed time.
“That being said...” He whispered as he put the cloth on the floor. He laid back down and stroked John's face, “I love you more than words can describe. And I know you feel the same, you’ll always feel the same. Even if we decide to go our separate ways in the future.”
“I love you, John. Always. I’ve loved you more than I have ever loved anything in my whole life. Kiss me? Please?” He knew he was running out of time and he wanted the last thing he ever felt to be the touch of John's lips against his.
John started crying. “No!! The bunny was so nice!! And I was supposed to meet it! I hurt the bunny’s feelings!! I never came back to him!!”
Sherlock blinked. “No! I’ll get the floor... this is your house. It would make sense for you to sleep in your own bed.”
John giggled. “Yeah, only there is one problem with your plan.”
He nodded slowly and scrubbed his face some, “A shower sounds heavenly. In truth, I’ll probably just go to bed, but I don’t know yet... I suppose we’ll see what happens.”
John swallowed hard and looked at the wall again, “two weeks.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Also Also a baby spilled milk on my laptop and now its inside of the screen at the top and let me just tell you this was NEW!!! smh for that baby!! so now there is a dark scary spot and I don't know how to fix it and my computer will probs end up dying... I'm so sorry... (This is Whitney from the future. Once upon a time I used to think smh meant so much hate, not shaking my head. so I really said.... so much hate for that baby. bwahha carry on.)
She sobbed in his arms and buried her face in his neck. "How could you do this to us??" She choked out. "More importantly how could you do this to John!!"
John chuckled softly and followed him without hesitation. He climbed into bed with Sherlock and rested his head against Sherlock's chest, “Why do I get the feeling that this is going to become our room?”
John hummed and closed his eyes. “I love it when you do that…” He whispered.
Sherlock huffed and was about to argue, but Mycroft shot him a cold glare and so he quickly hopped off the bed and went to Mycroft’s side. “So John… Why don’t you tell me a story..?”
"Calm down? CALM DOWN?? You're telling me to move out of my fucking house and yet I'm the one that needs to
Mycroft took a sharp breath and drove faster. He refused to believe it, he wouldn’t believe it. He pulled up to the hospital where there were already nurses and doctors ready to wheel Sherlock inside. They heaved him onto the hospital bed and rushed him off into the operation room.
Sherlock doesn’t stop. He kisses down his neck and tugs at his shirt. He wants him – no, he needs him... and he needs John to see that it’s okay to let go and to be with him.
“Now wait just a minute! You’re going to tell me what Sherlock did and then I will tell you if it is a good idea to go back to him, alright?”
“I know I’m fucking hilarious! Now go pick some cotton or something useful.” He hummed as he stuffed himself back into his trousers and stood up.
John frowned, “Why do you keep a knife in your pocket!!” He flailed.
Sherlock hummed and nodded, “You’re a Doctor. In fact you’re an Army doctor. Any good?” He pursed his lips and stepped closer.
Sherlock was hurt and angry at John. He didn't know why John was acting so funny! Yes, he was probably stressed – about their half confession and then not talking about it. Sherlock didn't see the big deal but he could see why it would bother John. He was kind and loving and that sort of stuff was important to him. He sighed and pulled out his laptop. He wasn't going to send the email saying he found the memory stick to his mystery killer, but with John angry at him and him angry at John he thought that he would. John wouldn't even know! By the time he got back from wherever it is he went Sherlock would be home and everything would be done with. He grinned slightly at the fact that he could finish this without John knowing. Then once it was done him and John could work on moving forward. Talking... Tedious, but necessary.
“Alright.” John called and then hopped out of the shower and wrapped a towel around his hips as he walked out.
John frowned and nudged him in the arm. “Am not! Where are we going anyway?! Is it like that time in the arcade because I think if that happens again I will not hesitate to use my serial killer pow—“
JoKe Of ThE cHaPtEr: (If i alternate like that it says that the words are spelled wrong! ahahha)
“You aren’t listening!! John! I-“ But John wasn’t having it, he cut him off once again and really Sherlock couldn’t blame him.
He finally got her to her bedroom and tucked her in, giving her lots of extra pillows to make sure she was extremely comfortable, “I’ll stay with you.” He hummed and started climbing into the bed with her.
He looked away and didn’t answer the question, “I’ve noticed you like my hair...” He said changing the subject. So maybe they didn’t need to talk, what would talking do anyway?
“Oh, come now!!! It isn’t that bad! You get to lay in bed and get free food! It’s soooooo good!!” He snickered and picked up a spoonful of jelly. “Here! Try some before I eat it all!” He grinned and put the spoon in front of Sherlock's lips.
He didn’t know which way John had left and he growled at himself for the fact that he didn’t pay attention to that small detail. Now how was he going to find him? He started to walk down the street, just hoping it was the direction John had decided to take. He didn’t walk long, however, before he heard a blood curdling, muffled scream. Sherlock froze for a second and swallowed hard because that sounded exactly like John. No, John hadn’t screamed in fear since his return, but they did go through enough hardships as teenagers for Sherlock to have that sound engrained permanently in his brain. He turned in the other direction – dammit. He was going the wrong way! – running as fast as he could. He didn’t scream John’s name because he was terrified that if he did it would just provoke whoever was attacking John. John was also smart, he had lived in London all his life, he had been to war, if it was a mugger he would have immediately given the man his wallet and left – so whoever this was… they weren’t after money.
John just nodded and before he knew it Sherlock had him by the hand and was dragging them through the garden. They walked back into the house and up the two flights of stairs before they came to a stop at a door. Sherlock opened it, walked inside, and then shut the door behind them. Before John could say a word Sherlock had pushed him against the wall and was attacking his mouth. This kiss was different than the one they shared in the garden. It was more urgent and frantic. A raw and needy feeling that pulsed through both of them.
Sigar glared at him. “I’m going to let that slide because frankly I don’t care what you think. Lily, come on we’re going to go upstairs to have sex.” He hummed and started to stand up.
okay! Enjoy the chapter!
trust you again.” He spat.
John sighed. “May I just point something out to you...? Since you are kidnapping me... It might help not to drive so fast because if you happened to get pulled over they would see me tied up and with a bag over my head...”
“Nope. Don’t. I’m not telling you a story because I know what’s going to happen once it’s over.” John was trying to swallow the lump in his throat still, but it wasn’t going down.
Sherlock let out a long breath and closed his eyes for a moment before speaking, “Actually I can. I don't mean to hurt you because I like you as a friend, but all you were to me was someone I was using to try and fill the hole in my chest and it never worked. I’m sorry... I truly am because it was never my wish to hurt you, but I can assure you that one day you’ll find your special someone that you can't stand to be without. However, sadly that someone isn’t me, Brian...” Sherlock smiled softly, with a hint of sadness. He was hoping Brian would understand and maybe he did… Brian, however, just stood up and went to the alcohol cabinet.
Q: Why aren't our noses 12 inches long?
"It's not like you care..." Mike sighed.
Brian stopped kissing him, but still stayed hovering against Sherlock's skin. “Don't know actually... I bought it off some bloke.” He shrugged and then went back to sucking at Sherlock's skin like a leech.
So enjoy the story bitches!
“No. I don’t need your help because I get it just fine!” He snapped, getting defensive. “Now leave me alone!”
John's heart leapt and jerked against his chest. He had kissed plenty of girls, yes, but he had never actually kissed a boy. He didn’t care though because it felt amazing… Sherlock felt amazing. He closed his eyes and played with the bottom fringe on Sherlock's hair. John tilted his head to the side a little to deepen the kiss.
“WHAT THE FUCK IS THIS?” his father’s voice demanded.
“Oh…” His mother blinked. “Bye…? aren’t you going to eat something with your sister and I before you go?”
John closed his eyes and then lunged for his father, knocking them both on the ground. He tried to calm his anger, he really did. He knew he had anger issues and he knew where those anger issues came from. But this time he couldn’t just push down his rage and do nothing.
“Sherlock, I have an idea… and you can say no if you want, but what do you say about staying at my house tonight? I just really don’t want you to walk home...”
“Then let me cut you,” He hummed and snapped the scissors closed.
“Any progress..?” Mycroft asked when he came into the room, snapping Sherlock from his thoughts.
My life is... erm... terrible right now ngl so I'm proud of myself that I even got this up and let me tell you, I honestly love the ending. I wasn’t going to end it there, but it just.... works.
He swallowed as he walked around his house. Looking at things, touching things. He didn't know why he was there but it seemed to calm him in a way that being a Baker Street couldn't. It wasn't that he hated it there... He absolutely loved it and that was the problem. He knew what was about to come of this all and he couldn't breathe!!!
. John took off his own pants and then got between Sherlock’s legs. “Are you sure this is what you want…” He whispered.
Sherlock just stares at him and then John can see his jaw clench. He’s angry and John looks away, “Are you fucking serious?” Sherlock growls after what felt like hours of silence.
Sherlock frowned and blinked at John, he thought the situation was quite obvious. “My boyfriend…”
So this is some fucking angsty stuff. Have fun.
Who's there?
“I wish I could make that promise.” He whispered quietly.
Sigar’s eyes widened, but only slightly. “Oh, you know? Tell me, Sherlock, when did she tell you? Did she tell you how I begged her to get an abortion? But your mother here isn’t one to kill someone and apparently you were considered a life. Frankly, I think you’re a piece of worthless—“
Sherlock swallowed and pulled away from him, the touch of the man making him feel nauseous. He walked to the edge and looked down; people were walking on the pavement at the bottom, unsuspecting.
“You’re just a kid, you don’t know anything! It was the son. He got angry because she had taken away his phone and car.” The officer sighed, he wasn’t sure what he was going to do with these two, but it was clear they weren’t a threat.
John sighed and looked at Sherlock, “and how the fuck do I do that?”
John wasn't going to look at her – wasn't going to answer her, but his curiosity got the best of him. He slowly turned his head and his breath hitched. "W-why do you have that..." He whispered and if there was a slight whimper in it, neither one of them said anything.
John broke into a smile. Finally! This man was arguing with him about Sherlock and he was using ‘him’ instead of ‘me’. He had broken character and John was thankful for that for some strange reason. “I know him perfectly.” He hummed. “I’ve read each book ten times through.. Some more than others.” He smiled a bit.
“Not a chance,” a woman’s voice smirked, “You have some explaining to do,
Sherlock’s grin faded from his face. “That’s what you think of me…”
John grabbed a glass of water and then put all the pills into his mouth at once. Some of them got stuck on the way down and he thought he was going to die from choking, rather than die from an overdose, but a few more gulps of water and the pills managed to slip down into his stomach.
John smirked and wanted to take his hand, but didn’t. “Oh god, yes!’
“The fairy brushed off her dress and said. ‘Oh but you are alone little one. It's only the two of us left in the world.’
He sighed, “Had sex a couple of times – though that didn’t even start until two weeks ago even though I’ve been back a month and a half. He even admitted to fucking Brian the first week I was back. Or sometimes we’ll get close to having sex and he’ll just up and leave without so much as an explanation. Not to mention he’ll just up and leave even if we are in the middle of it because he gets a text. Sort of like sex isn’t even a big deal to him, just another every day activity, but it means so much to me…,” He sighed again and shook his head, “He just yells at me mostly when we aren’t trying to have sex... he used to be so kind.”
Sherlock deduced everything perfectly – well it would have been perfect had it been true, but it was exactly what John wanted him to say so it was perfect. He was amazed and soon they arrived to the abandoned house where a lady and a man tormented Sherlock... John actually felt bad and swallowed because it reminded him of himself when he was in school and at the orphanage, but he pushed the thought down and soon they were inside.
"Sherlock, wait!!" Claire called out and tried to go after him, but he was already gone and she didn't have the energy to chase him.
She made sure she had a handle on the man before she slowly stood up and violently flipped him over. She dropped back down on him so that she was sitting on his tummy, making it so he was unable to escape. She hissed slightly when the moonlight made it so she couldn’t see his face and tore off his hood. What she saw made her blood run cold, her stomach dropped, and she felt incredibly ill, "Sherlock..." She whimpered.
“Bullet to the left shoulder. He’s losing blood fast and our machinery isn’t enough to keep him alive. He needs to be in London as soon as possible, otherwise he will die, sir.”
Five months later and John felt like he was slowly dying. He thought things would get better, but it had been eight months and every day that passed he felt more miserable. He couldn't do it anymore, the constant pain in his heart just grew as each day passed.
Sherlock growled. “I wouldn’t even mind that! I hate father!”
Sherlock glared at him and didn’t say anything for a long while, “how long? How long until you leave?”
John was sitting against the wall of the dingy cell, resting his forehead against his knees. Honestly, he didn’t really care about anything anymore. He had accepted the fact that god hated him and his life was always going to be shit, honestly he didn’t even believe in god unless his life – or Sherlock's life – depended on it. But clearly some form of entity had to exist for his life to be this awful. Every time it started to get back on track someone threw a wrench in it and it took a turn for the worst. He hated how many times he tried to kill himself, because really… he hated how one man could make him that weak. If Sherlock were to die now however, he wouldn’t try it again. He would be sad, and hurt, but killing yourself wasn’t ever the option and he finally realised that.
John knew that going down this path was not good, but he didn’t know what else to do... and he tried. He had been trying so fucking hard, but nothing was working and no matter what he did everything still hurt. It had been
Sherlock was intrigued at everything he was looking at. John had so many personal and sentimental items it was rather cute. He mentally kicked himself for calling John cute. He picked up a small stuffed squirrel and turned it over in his hands.
I'm going to start a segment! Ready?
“Yeah! Exactly! He’s planning something!” Brian growled and pushed his jelly around his tray, making a huge mess.
John grinned, “Can we go to Primark?!”
Sherlock wasn’t listening, he couldn’t even hear him. He never wanted to feel this way again after John had died, but now he was and he couldn’t take it. He jumped out of the bed and ran past Mycroft. He ran down the stairs and went outside to the garden. The sky was clear, only a few clouds floating about – that wasn’t fair! His mother had just died, the sky should be cloudy and crying, but instead it was sunny. It was cold though, so at least it wasn’t a perfect day. He went to the tulips and collapsed on the ground as he sobbed, he didn’t know why he ran there, but he supposed it’s because this was the first memory he really had of his mother. This was
A satisfactory.
Six weeks later John got his cast off. He smiled at Sherlock as he walked out of the doctor’s office. “Look!! No cast!!” He snickered and waved his arm crazily in Sherlock's face, “I think we should celebrate!!” He hummed.
Over the past three years Sherlock had become distant. He got together with Brian for a shag every now and again and Brian was actually living with him, but for the most part he ignored him. They didn’t even sleep in the same room, once they fucked Sherlock would kick him out to go sleep in his own room. He knew he could get away with it though because Brian was so in love with him that he would do anything for those shags and Sherlock loved that he didn’t have to work for them. They got high and had sex, but that really wasn’t saying much because Sherlock was high ninety percent of the time and when he wasn’t high, he was looking to get high. It was a nightmare without it, he couldn’t cope or function… but he was also a nightmare to the people around him when he wasn’t high either.
“How can something be depressing, but happy?!” Sherlock blinked rapidly.
It didn’t matter though because John was loving every minute of it. The feeling of Sherlock was enough to send him over the edge, but he would be damned if he came before Sherlock even got inside of him properly. John was making whining noises the whole time and small moans and he could barely even think. He was so thankful for that though because he didn’t want to think at all at the moment. Soon, Sherlock pulled away and he whimpered at the lost contact. He didn’t understand why Sherlock pulled away and that made him sad, but then Sherlock was pressing against his entrance and it was so nice and wonderful that he stopped whining and lifted his head to kiss Sherlock.
“John!! It’s time to get up!!” Mrs. Watson called from downstairs.
“I’ll do whatever the hell I want,” John snapped, albeit a little harsher than he meant it to be. “This worksheet is shite anyway. It’s pointless and dumb.”
John swallowed and shut his mouth with a snap. He looked over at Sherlock, who in fact was awake, and was watching the encounter with wide eyes.
“Oh my god!! This is my flat!!” Sherlock said excitedly.
Sherlock must have zoned out because before he knew it Brian was crawling in bed next to him with a small bag. Sherlock zoning out was nothing new though, he had been doing it since he heard the news about John and everyone that knew Sherlock also knew that it was just something they had to deal with now. Or at least until he got better, they were hopeful – Sherlock wasn’t.
also... fuck me sideways if you happen to live in London where it is no longer the first I will cry forever because I tried so hard, but I had things to do today.... if it is any consolation it is only 18:30 here so it's still your birthday where I live!
John looked down and shuffled his feet some, “Can I have it...”
I like to think to myself that I updated this one rather quickly! I lose track of when I update things so all I know is that it could actually have been months since Chapter 12 I know this isn't true, but it's the same thing... actually I don't even know what I'm saying... on with the story!
The man sighed, “I’m aware of the situation... My name is Detective Inspector Garrett, I worked with Sherlock. I just came by to give John this...” He swallowed hard and held up Sherlock's long coat.
“So you killed yourself because of me!!” He choked out, if he had known that he would have stayed far away from Sherlock. So far away Sherlock would have thought he didn’t even exist anymore. Why couldn’t Sherlock just talk to him!
“HE ISNT YOUR’S!! HE’S MINE!!” Sherlock screamed and tried to wiggle out from Lestrade’s tight grip.
He beamed at his mother and played with her hand as John set up the game, “I decided to bring monopoly because that seemed like a safe bet, and it was also the first one I saw.” The money was scrabbled about so it took a bit of time to organise, but eventually it was all set up.
John waited all day, he was shaky and nervous and he felt like he was going to throw up… He had never done something so… so dangerous before!! It wasn’t even that dangerous in all honesty, but if he was wrong… Then he supposed it would be. At lunch it happened. He received a phone call and he practically screamed at the top of his lungs when he hung up. He ran to the grass and started doing cartwheels and flips and he would probably break his neck, but he was honestly too fucking excited to even care.
“Right... I would imagine you would want to be alone while you watched them... if you would just go upstairs to my study I will be there shortly. I’m going to get Sherlock settled down here first.” Mycroft spoke slowly as he looked between Sherlock and John.
“John we are not going to Primark! Primark is where all the tourists and poor people go! Are you either one of those things?!”
Sherlock frowned even more, so it did have something to do with John. It was just a coincidence that Sherlock and Moriarty had met while John was away, but it gave Moriarty everything he needed to execute his revenge. “Who’s Sebastian?” He asked softly.
Sherlock looked up slightly to the sound of movement in John’s room. It was a little past eight thirty so it wasn’t an unusual thing John was up and about. He also didn’t know his sleeping schedule anymore, and the fact that he just went through a rather traumatic event… he probably couldn’t sleep at all. When John walked out of the room and shoved his coat on, Sherlock swallowed thickly. Right, he felt like he was suffocating then. He gave Sherlock a look, a look that Sherlock couldn’t stand seeing on John's face – couldn’t stand having the look directed at him. But he did understand. And he did have hope. No, he hadn’t watched John put the necklace on. He shoved it in his pocket the second he snatched it from Sherlock's hand, but he could see the chain sticking out of his shirt of bit and the sight made Sherlock's heart swell. Yes, time. Time was what John needed and Sherlock would give him whatever he needed.
Answer:
“Of course you are…” John replied with a hint of sarcasm. “And what does being a ‘consulting detective’ consist of?”
I did have a slight chuckle, but only because it reminded me of Joker and that movie is dope as shit and I have seen it twice already. Anyway!
John's breath caught. He didn’t know what to say and of all the things he thought Sherlock was going to say it wasn’t that. John knew it wasn’t true, but Sherlock had a reputation for not caring for anything… of being a sociopath. He swallowed thickly as he thought that he used to be one of those kids who thought that about Sherlock. Ever since Primary school Sherlock had been there. Hiding away… being by himself on the playground, looking at worms. No one wanted to go to Sherlock, no one wanted to reach out because Sherlock was different. Even John hadn’t wanted to go near him at that young age, but the truth was, was that Sherlock was just a lonely scared little boy on the inside, a boy that had to go through years and years of solitude because he happened to be different. Even now he got made fun of consistently and it made John sick to think that he would not be laying here with Sherlock right now if he didn’t take up that dare.
alright! I love you guys so much!!!
Blake nodded slowly and swallowed thickly. He slowly moved his hand up and down and dammit this was so awkward! He wasn’t even gay and he had never done this in his whole life.... He didn’t even know what John wanted! He slowly undid John's trousers after a while and stifled a sigh. This is what John Watson did... he used and abused people to a certain extent... The worst part was if Blake had chosen to decline this little excursion he would probably get his hand chopped off by one angry John Watson... Everyone tried their best to avoid an angry John Watson because that was probably one of the most terrifying things Blake has ever seen.
John couldn’t hold it back anymore and the tears started spilling out of his eyes, “but... but why would you do that?!” Because Sherlock was right. He was so extremely broken right now that he didn’t think anything, or anyone, could ever piece him back together. Sherlock had killed him without actually committing murder.
Your blood is red too.
Joke: I told my wife she was drawing on her eyebrows too high.
Sherlock sighed and leaned back against the couch, “I’ve been told that many times.” He drawled. Honestly, he needed Aiden gone immediately so he could concentrate on what to do next.
Oh!! Also there are two quotes in here that i took! One is from Doctor Who and the other is from Third Star! Damn i love that movie!
HELLO FROM THE OTHER SIDE. I MUST HAVE CALLED A THOUSAND TIMES. TO TELL YOU, YOU REALLY NEED TO LEAVE THAT COMMENT.
“Oh, it wasn’t a big deal, really… I’m fine. He wasn’t very intimidating anyway! I didn’t even have to beg because he didn’t frighten me one bit!” Sherlock hummed and then swallowed. He didn’t want John to know how he really felt… John was going through enough as it was, he didn’t need to burden him with this knowledge as well.
“Oh, I’m John,” He gave a tired smile as he took the Coke from Claire’s hand and looked up at her face. She happened to be giving him the stink eye, but he couldn’t care less at the moment.
Sherlock growled, “Well, what was I supposed to do? Do you know when the fuck he told me? ON MY BIRTHDAY! MY FUCKING
Sherlock’s jaw clenched a bit, “Reasons that you don't need to concern yourself with!” He snapped before taking a calming breath and looked at John again, “And since you are wondering, but you won’t ask me... no he isn’t dead. Just seriously injured, I’m having Mycroft come and retrieve him. He won’t be bothering us again.” He hummed, hoping that that would make John drop the subject on the knife.
DEUCES!
John sighed and they waited. It beeped and the pictures of the shoes came on. Sherlock went to 221C and the shoes were sitting there. John played dumb like he always did and every move was killing him. They went through the woman in the car, and then the man on the busy road... the old woman who had to die. John thought he would care now that things were different... Now, that he loved Sherlock, but he didn’t and that was why they couldn’t be together. Sherlock hadn’t changed him as much as he thought and maybe Mike was right about everything. He didn’t love Sherlock... he just loved the attention. He didn’t have a heart, he couldn’t feel things. However that little voice in the back of his head kept echoing to him over and over again. ‘Everyone has a heart, John. It’s just a matter of finding it.’ Sebastian’s voice kept ringing.
Zack swallowed hard and then his jaw clenched. He was so angry, never in his life had he been this angry. He glared at the wall and then slowly lowered himself onto the couch so that he could hold his best friend. Ever since Sherlock came into John’s life they hadn’t hung out like they used to. It made Zack a little upset just because now he had to spend all his time with Brian. Brian was okay and all, but he was very annoying if you spent long periods of time with him. Zack’s mind was whirling and thinking about so many things that he didn’t even realise that John had spun around in his arms.
John rolled his eyes. “Oi! I spent a fortune on that!” He flailed some and squeezed Sherlock's hand, grinning up at him.
“And when you got home he yelled at you for leaving him? John, I’m sure it’s all just a misunderstanding you know how Sherlock can—“ he was cut off by John.
Sherlock let out a relieved breath and small smile as his chest filled with warmth. Oh John. Sweet, caring, affectionate John. It was in that moment that he knew he was fucked. Well, in truth he knew he was fucked after the second time he surprised himself, but now it only confirmed it. John was an enigma, something he couldn’t quite crack, and every time he thought he got close John did something completely different to surprise him. Sherlock had a sneaking suspicion that John was going to end up being the centre of his whole world. And whereas that should scare the living shit out of him and cause his world to come crashing down, it only brought him comfort. “Thank you,” he whispered softly and reached down to tug at his hand, pulling him over to the bed.
John looked at his wardrobe and ended up pulling on a jumper that was much too big for him. Once upon a time it used to fit, but now none of his clothes did and John didn’t have the strength to go out and buy new ones. Why did it matter anyway? He was practically just skin and bones now, which sucked a bit because he used to be toned and defined. He looked even worse now than when he did in high school.
Just so you know that was really hard for me to write!! My babies!
Sherlock smiled softly and finally looked at him. He took his hand and sighed, “I promise you, John... that wont happen.” He whispered.
“Cakeman took me to the hospital… I refused to go, but the man is insufferable and forced me.” He sighed with his eyes still closed. “I… you sprained both of my wrists and my ribs and stomach are bruised, but other than that I’m fine.” He said flatly. “Now, go take a shower. You stink.”
“I’m sick of the mess so I’m getting rid of it,” He growled. “Jesus Sherlock! Could you be any messier!” he huffed and reached for another bag.
“You know if you start calling me by my real name on a regular basis people might talk.” He smirked a bit.
John was screaming and hitting Brian and he was filled with so much anger. Could they not see how brilliant and beautiful Sherlock was?! He kept throwing punches, even though he knew he should stop. He just couldn’t think clearly, he saw red and even counting to ten wasn’t helping. The next thing he knew he was on the ground getting beaten by four other rugby players. He tried to fight back, but he was outnumbered. They grabbed his arm and pulled it back, twisting his wrist to the point where he was pretty sure they broke it and he screamed out in pain. He didn’t want to scream, he wanted to be strong like Sherlock had been. He wanted to let Sherlock know that he was fine and he wasn’t in pain, but he had four giant boys on him and every punch, or kick, or blow they gave him left him screaming and begging for mercy. They kept at it until John faintly heard someone yelling and suddenly everything just stopped. The yelling seemed so distant, but in reality it was probably really close to him and then everything went black.
“The same applied to Mycroft, lucky for me though while I was an addict I made a lot of connections with the homeless. I contacted them and they helped me fake my death and also get me what I needed to be able to do this mission on my own. And so that’s what I did. I went all through Europe dismantling his network, taking them down one by one.” He closed his eyes, “I… did a lot of bad things John. Things I can’t unsee when I close my eyes, things I can’t undo because I can’t turn back time. Even if I could turn back time I would always do this outcome because your life is more important to me than anything in the world, including myself.”
I saw that joke on a Laffy Taffy wrapper! My fellow United Kingdomers, and actually everyone outside of America... you dont have Laffy Taffy and I feel sorry for you. It is a kids candy so the fact that it was on the wrapper made me an extremely happy person... they are usually lame like...
John scoffed at that and shook his head, “I doubt that.” He said under his breath and he knew Sherlock could hear him, but Sherlock ignored it. He also had a sinking feeling that Lily heard it too.
Sherlock growled, “You think your game is safe? It is an illusion. A comforting lie told to protect you. Enjoy these final moments of peace. For I have returned with vengeance. So, shall we continue?” He snatched the dice out of John’s hand and rolled doubles. He hummed happily and rolled again.
So basically this has been done since three days after I posted chapter 11, but my beta went missing and so I waited for her to return and eventually she texted me saying she got everything taken away and that's where she went and then she didn't even beta this chapter which is fine... I'm not mad. BUT THAT IS WHERE IT HAS BEEN AND I AM SO SORRY FOR THE LATENESS!!!
John scoffed slightly, “oh no! Be my guest. Just made damn sure no one sat in your chair for over two years, but you can’t be arsed to sit in it yourself upon your return so it is what it is.” He drawled out passive aggressively.
Sherlock kissed him back slowly as he pushed inside carefully so he didn’t hurt the boy. He tightly squeezed his eyes shut, John was so warm and tight and the feeling made Sherlock see stars. His breathing stuttered and he rested his forehead on John's shoulder. He moved slowly and once he got all the way inside he waited for John to get settled. Christ, he loved being the bottom, but there was definitely something about being inside John that pleased him as well.
That was the first one John sent after he returned to camp from the mission. He was so naïve back then and it hurt him. He waited two weeks before he wrote the next one… that one was filled with worry because he was afraid something had happened, Sherlock's dad did threaten to come after him. Eventually, he just started writing every single day. He would have laughed at the idea of it all because it was almost like The Notebook, but he was too worried and angry to laugh. It had only been a few weeks, but he had grown so much… Perhaps, he needed Sherlock to disappear so he could grow, but still… That didn’t help what he was feeling.
It was way too fast! Granted, John did do it gently, but he didn’t do it slowly. Sherlock winced, “John! Slower please!!”
John walked to his room and got dressed in one of his suits. He slicked back his hair and put his gun in the back of his trousers. He swallowed hard and took a deep breath. He splashed water on his face and told himself over and over again that he could do this. He stood up straight and took a deep breath and then walked to the pool.
Sherlock giggled as the kitten bit his fingers again and hissed at him. “Feisty little thing,” He hummed. “John would like you...” He sighed and immediately got to writing.
“Like... when we have sex your hands are always buried in it... or when we are snuggling you’re always playing with it. Sometimes I catch you staring at it and other times you find excuses just to touch it in public.” He said quietly.
even knows who you are, but he wouldn’t stop saying your name! And maybe he’s just heard rumours about you, and he’s trying to save his life, but you’re probably the most powerful man in fucking Britain and no one knows that, so the fact he won’t stop mumbling your name when he’s conscious is a bit suspicious to me.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Sherlock just rolled his eyes. “Get off of me!” He pushed John a bit so that John fell on the floor and landed on his bum, it wasn’t a hard push, but it was the farthest thing John had been expecting so he lost his balance.
“I’ll lift you!” He heaved himself up and fell through the window.
That wasn’t true, or at least Sherlock felt that way. He knew John would never go astray and he knew that as long as the two of them were together John wouldn’t cheat on him, but that didn’t make the feeling go away. Perhaps, it was because deep down he knew that John would tire of him. Sherlock was just a stop on his map before John reached his final destination. A blip in the game of life. He sighed and closed his eyes, while he rested his fingers in John's hair, “Goodnight, John.”
John left the flat and then broke down on his way to the mansion.
John felt his stomach clench at the disgust of all this, he screamed, and then pointed the gun at him again, “You’re sick! He’s your son!”
Don't worry,
Claire walked a bit faster, feeling as if walking slowly, or even at regular pace, was the worst idea in the world. After about fifteen minutes of walking she finally reached his flat, she would have taken a cab, but the streets were dead and calling one would have taken longer than fifteen minutes.
Blake nodded and scurried out of the room. God he was glad that was over. One of these days he hoped John got caught because he was absolutely sick of living as a slave.
Sherlock raised an eyebrow at him, but just walked over to his mummy and hugged her, “Hi again. Sorry I didn’t come and see you yesterday... we got lost!” He sniffled sadly and sat at the edge of her bed.
Sherlock froze slightly and pulled away, slightly puzzled and confused. He honestly hadn’t thought about that, all he was thinking about was how much he needed John. And the thought of… well the thought of going further terrified him that he didn’t even know what to say. He just stared at John, blinking and opening and closing his mouth like a fish.
He grabbed his coat and ran out the door. He needed to find Zack and fast. Sherlock knew he was probably being a bit overdramatic... John was probably just sitting with Zack and they were watching lame movies and the reason he missed school today was probably because he didn’t want to see Sherlock.... Hell Sherlock didn’t want to see Sherlock. But he knew that wasn’t true. Zack and him had a fight, it was etched all over his face.
Sherlock huffed again and rolled his eyes, “I told you to stop blaming yourself, if you don’t I’ll have to punch you.” His face softened as he smiled at John, “Nothing is going to happen to me whilst in a hospital bed... Look, I know you are worried, but really I’ll be fine... and you can bring me back a sandwich that I will eat if you go. I’m sick of the food here,” He twinkled a bit.
Mycroft rolled his eyes, but was smiling as he left the room to give Sherlock some privacy.
“No…” Sherlock said slowly, “But I want to…” He frowned slightly as he turned his head to look at him.
Neither of them said another word as Detective Inspector Garrett burst into the room, his face looking of betrayal and disappointment. Christ all this for trespassing? Though, what Garrett said next made the blood drain from John, leaving him white as a sheet.
John sniffled and looked at him with black eyes. His pupils were blown so much that he could barely make out the dark blue that was just a thin line around the black. “What kind of story…” He whispered.
John debated on what to do because he could tell something was clearly wrong, but the John Sherlock knew wasn’t supposed to be that clever. However, he felt that Sherlock’s John was good at being able to tell when something was wrong so he slowly put a hand on Sherlock's knee, “You know you can tell me anything...”
John ran around the garden taking in each flower. He ran up to a patch of beautiful pink stargazer lilies and smelled one. He looked over at Sherlock and smiled. “These are my favourite.”
John swallowed hard and looked away, looking away felt better than looking down, “I- I was just hoping you didn’t mean it...”
and though i would have rather have them together in the end... i felt like this ending felt... right. Them being together after what had happened didn't make any sense at all... Well i hope you all liked it!!!
John scoffed a bit and looked down sadly, "Yeah, I suppose you have..."
John grunted sleepily, letting Sherlock know he was listening, but too tired to actually say words.
and opened it up. He had recently started re-reading them again.
Brian’s heart dropped and shattered into a million pieces because he should have known that he wasn’t good enough for Sherlock unless there was a reason – and even then Sherlock was probably still using him... “So... all of this meant nothing? You were just using me?!” He tried to keep the hurt out of his voice, but he was pretty sure he was failing.
“Again.” Sherlock said a bit breathlessly. “How is that cliché..?”
Sherlock looked out the window as the DI drove to his house and then stopped. “I’ll call you if we need help with anything, Sherlock. Now get out of here and go be with John.” He smiled softly.
He wasn’t scared though, this was Mycroft – though, the man did just drug him and tie him to a bed so perhaps he should have been scared, but he wasn’t. He let his head fall back into the mattress and just stared up at the ceiling until someone came to retrieve him. John wasn’t sure how much time had passed, but sooner or later the door opened to reveal Mycroft stepping in, blinking slightly. “Oh, you’re awake…” He drawled and walked over to sit on the edge of the bed.
“If by minute you mean actual minute or before the night is over than yeah. I’ll give it to you. If by minute you mean a few days, maybe a week, then no, I won’t. Because you have had many months to get this together, to build up the courage and tell me what happened while you were away.” He was going to stand his ground, he could see that what happened to Sherlock wasn’t an easy topic, that he was hurt by it. But John wasn’t going to give in again and have Sherlock get away with not telling him, he just wasn’t.
“No.” He stated.
John swallowed and opened his mouth to speak, but Claire just shook her head, "Your throat probably hurts... Save your voice." She paused for a bit and then her face twisted up like she was going to burst into tears, "John, if you were so low why didn't you talk to me? I would have been there for you! You honestly seemed fine… you seemed like you were getting better." She whimpered and grabbed his hand.
Sherlock took a shaky breath and then slowly walked back to his flat. He hadn’t ever told John about his time with Jim... When John was in the army he and Jim had been friends – until Jim went crazy and randomly disappeared. In a way, he supposed he didn’t tell John because he was afraid he was developing feelings for him, he later discovered that it was just fascination at having another person whose mind thought like his. When Sherlock finally realised he wasn’t infatuated with him, Jim had disappeared days later, he didn’t see a reason to bring it up. Sherlock thought that that would be the end of him, but apparently not.
Husband: "What does IJK mean?"
Sherlock froze and swallowed thickly, he slowly shook his head, “No....”
DEUCES BITCHES!
“Where are they? What did you do with the letters? Because I know for a fact you were the one who made sure Sherlock wouldn’t be receiving any.” He stopped walking once he got in the middle of the room, he needed some distance between them still.
Sherlock's heart broke, he hated seeing John like this, seeing what he did to the boy – well, now man he supposed. “John.” He said softly as he cautiously stepped forward. “I'm not a figment, I'm real. It's really me and I didn't die... Pl-” His voice cracked and he closed his eyes, clearing his throat and trying again. “Please step away from the ledge.”
John clenched the bag in his hand and then stood up, when had he sunk to the floor? Redness swam into his vision and he didn’t even have a chance to think – or count to ten for that matter – before he pushed Sherlock out of the bed and hissed, “Get the fuck up.”
John’s jaw clenched slightly as he pulled his trousers up, “It’s not time yet!”
Sherlock whimpered and panicked slightly, he was terrified if he grabbed John that John would run as fast as he could to the ledge. He needed to get John to believe him, but he also needed to do it in a way that wouldn’t startle John, that seemed nearly impossible. "No! No! John- would – Look – Would a figment have this..?" He whispered and slowly reached into his pocket to grab the locket John had lost so long ago.
DEUCES
Sherlock frowned a bit and furrowed his brow, “what decision did you make..?” What decision could he have possibly made that was life changing? As long as he was next to John, Sherlock would follow him anywhere.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Sherlock! What are you doing! Get down!! You’re going to cut yourself and get Tetanus.” John flailed because this place was really old and dodgy, perhaps even more dodgy than the arcade… what was it with Sherlock and dodgy abandoned places?? He had no idea why Sherlock wanted to come here so badly, but it certainly couldn’t be good.
Sherlock smirked, “I know.” He hummed and kissed John softly.
With every couple of minutes that passed, John felt like the car was getting closer and closer. He shoved his hands in his pocket and started to walk faster. He smirked to himself when he realised that he lost the car... until he realised that the car had just stopped and now the person who had been driving the car had gotten out and had started to chase him. John would have reacted, he would have ran, but he didn’t have the energy to carry on anymore. He just hoped it was a murderer and not some sex trafficking, or torture sadist that kept them alive for years on end. He sighed slightly to himself, he was probably just being paranoid anyway. What murderer would take a child in the day time? Before he could think anything else though he was being tackled to the ground and having a bag thrown over his head.
Sherlock’s body was completely relaxed waiting for the bullet to hit him, but it never came. Slowly he opened one eye to see Ted wobbling back and forth on his feet. The next thing he knew Ted was falling forward, but before he could land on top of Sherlock, Sherlock was able to roll away. He ran into John and smiled up at him. “Hi.” He whispered as he stared at John's face. A face which he thought he would never be able to see again. God he was giddy and happy, he shouldn’t have been, but he was because he wasn’t dead and John was alive and everything was good.
John stared at the number, laying on the nightstand next to the bed for a long time, thinking how he would go about doing so. He wanted to be able to call Sherlock without him knowing who it was and that wouldn’t be too hard considering his voice had deepened a bit more than Sherlock would have remembered. He grabbed the number and then grabbed his mobile phone, the same one he had had before he left. They must have given it back to him when they brought him to London. John stared at the numbers for ages again before finally punching them in and dialling the number. He honestly hoped Sherlock still didn’t have his number in his phone, or had at least gotten a new number and didn’t transfer the information. It rang twice before a deep baritone voice rang through.
Sherlock's whole body jerked and he squeezed his eyes shut. He didn’t know why, but it felt so good. He briefly wondered if it was because he hadn’t had actual sex with John in years and perhaps he just missed his touch, or if it was because he was drunk and high. He kept a tight grip on John's dog tags as John continued to prepare him.
John swallowed and had to look away because it was too much. He slowly shook his head, “I’m sorry...” He whispered.
.......well apparently I'm Moffat.... I just kept writing and then I thought "Hey Whitney! it would be a brilliant idea to.... STOP THE CHAPTER!" so I did... Anyway! New Chapter next week guys!!!!
“I was actually just heading out of the house when you walked in… I wasn’t even sure if I was going to be able to say goodbye to you… or hello for that matter,” she said and looked down at him sadly.
John looked at his father and then looked up at Sherlock. He let out a cry of happiness as he wrapped his arms around him and held him as tight as he could. He didn’t care if Sherlock couldn’t breathe he was just ecstatic that Sherlock was even still alive. He knew from that moment on that he owed Cakeman anything and everything he ever needed because saving Sherlock's life was the best thing that had ever happened to him. “Don’t ever do that to me again, you twat!”
“I’m driving as fast as I can, John... We’re almost there…” He swallowed hard. Mycroft was crying as well, but thankfully he was in the front so John couldn’t see and Sherlock was in no state to deduce.
I think this is a pretty quick update! Plus i updated two of my other two fics and damn this has never happened before! i feel accomplished! Mwhahah
“Hello,” She smiled softly, “You just looked so lonely and sad over here all by your lonesome and so here I am.” She hummed again, slightly repeating herself in her sentence. Sherlock would have hated her. “Can I buy you a drink?”
“Nonsense. Isn’t the point of walking home together… walking home together? It would be rude of me if I let you walk the rest of the way by yourself.” Sherlock said matter-of-factly, sticking his hands into his pockets.
Sherlock screamed and tried to push him away, “NO!!!! Not my dick!! I need that! Get off of me!” He sniffled and tried to run, but John tackled him to the ground, scissors still in hand. Really, they were playing a dangerous game here.
John swallowed and looked at the other boy. He couldn’t have been older than him and Sherlock. “We didn’t mean any harm; I promise… He was just looking…” John had to purse his lips at that because that didn’t exactly help their situation. What sort of people go to just look at a crime scene?
John searched his face and slowly tugged his wrist out of Sherlock's, now loosened, grip. He moved his hand to Sherlock's cheek and gently stroked his cheekbone with his thumb. “Hey,” he breathed softly. “We don’t have to do anything. Especially anything you are not comfortable with. I don’t need anything from you and I certainly don’t need you to feel like I’m taking advantage of you. All I’m saying is—“ he paused slightly. He was trying to work out how to word it without making Sherlock feel like he made a mistake, because he didn’t. “Just we need to talk about things. We were both getting carried away and I thought it best to ask instead of let my actions get the better of me, only to find out we aren’t on the same page.” He smiled softly and leaned forward gently to kiss Sherlock's nose.
im really not that funny jesus help me.
The DI blinked and looked at John, “You didn’t tell him?”
It's now November 7, 2019 and I'm having to reread and edit it all because I don't remember all the small details I need. ughhh. anyway, just so you know it isn't abandoned. Just going through some shit and s4 destroyed me and made me hate Sherlock for a very long time. My bad guys.
Sherlock laughed sadly and swallowed. He felt like crying, but this was only the first letter of 365... So he would wait – he had to wait. He put his hand in the box again and pulled out another letter.
personally i never read the informative notes, but if someone else was doing this i would read the shite out of them...
Mycroft had to look away because everything was too much to take in and he couldn’t even imagine what Sherlock was going through. Lily Holmes choked on a sob and went to the kitchen to busy herself because the thought of Sherlock taking a boy up to fuck him only seconds after he had received the news destroyed her. Zack swallowed and left because he felt like he didn’t need to be there, he was completely heartbroken that John was gone, but staying only felt like he was intruding. And Rainbow went on with his life like nothing was happening because to him it wasn’t. However, they all knew what was happening upstairs, or what was going to happen if it hadn’t yet, and no one was going to stop it because they didn’t know how... the only argument they could even come up with didn’t matter anymore because John was gone...
“And I think we shouldn’t,” John grumbles and narrows his eyes, “Anyway... I care about you–“
John rolled his eyes, “Personally I don’t think archenemies exist in real life.”
“Well they’re stupid reasons! I wish he wasn’t so damn selfish sometimes!” he growled and punched Mycroft weakly in the leg
John screamed in anger and threw his glass of water across the room, shattering it into shards. He sunk down on the floor and just sobbed, trying to get a hold of himself. The thought that Sherlock didn’t survive that was stupid because he was with Sherlock now, but still… Sherlock was in just as much pain as him – he didn’t understand how he didn’t realise it before. He knew Sherlock was in pain, of course he did, but he had it in his mind that Sherlock had it better.
John laughed bitterly and it sounded all watery and wrong, “Great… glad to know a bloody case is better than your boyfriend!”
“You’re breaking up with me…” He whimpered. He deserved this, he knew he did. And he didn’t actually expect John to stay with him after what he put him through, but Sherlock managed to get his hopes up after John had said he forgave him, what a stupid, stupid thing to do.
Lily perked up and smiled at John lovingly. “Oh I did, dear! I’m glad you enjoy it!” They all heard Sigar scoff in the background, but all of them chose to ignore it. John wasn’t about to yell at a man that he was trying to impress. He wasn’t trying to impress him for his sake, but Sherlock clearly cared what his father thought so he would be on his best behaviour for him.
Europe who?
(M-Remember, N-Ended, O-Over, P-Pealing.)
Lily looked from her son, to the hand that was holding John's, and then back up to his face. “Yes, he can stay here.” She was overjoyed that Sherlock had a friend and now it seemed as though Sherlock liked John as more than a friend. This was a dream come true for her, especially since Sherlock showed no interest in people at all. She just wanted her son to be happy and with someone who could see Sherlock for what she saw him. John's head shot up with so much happiness in his eyes that Lily’s heart squeezed sadly in her chest, it was clear this young boy had already endured a lot.
to do, and that ended up leading to terrible consequences. No one could have predicted the outcome of this, plenty of soldiers went to war and came back. That being said, drugs were the least of his worries… Sherlock was smart enough not to overdose, and even if he did overdose Mycroft was watching. He hated spying on his brother in all actuality, but he just couldn’t lose him, he was only doing what he thought was right.
Mike heard movement and he looked up immediately, “oh my god! You’re awake!!” he stood up and wandered over to the bed.
There's no escaping trage(D)
Sherlock noticed though and frowned slightly, what did he possibly do now? He had just been sitting there. “Yes, John?” he asked as he closed his laptop and sat back.
Sherlock swallowed hard because he didn’t know what he was doing wrong... well, okay, that was a lie, he knew exactly what he was doing wrong, but he just couldn’t stop feeling this way... he felt so betrayed and angry and truthfully this was all his fault and John didn’t have that much time left, but he couldn’t help but be angry. He sighed as he said his goodbyes to his ‘friends’ and then went to find John... the only one that mattered.
John sighed and scrubbed his face. "That I did."
John smiled softly, his fingers not stopping in their twirling motion, “Hey... how are you?”
“WELL HE WILL BE IF YOU DON’T SEND A HELICOPTER!” The man shouted and flailed about, watching as his surgeons tried to stable John.
Sherlock faltered and swallowed hard, John most definitely couldn’t know the answer to that question. “You’re seriously bringing him up right now? Jesus Christ, you’re like obsessed with him or something.”
John nodded slowly and smiled at him, encouraging him to continue. Sherlock was able to let out a breath of relief and then continued on, “Apparently my mother impacted more lives than I ever thought she would – not that I didn’t think her capable, but I didn’t get to see her a lot... I wasn’t aware of how many friends she actually had, but now looking out into the crowd I’m starting to realise what an amazing woman my mother was.
John kept sucking Sherlock slowly until Sherlock was pushing at him, “John! John! I’m going – I need a little rest...” He groaned and then John pulled away.
John swallowed. “Yes, what do you need?”
(See the end of the chapter for
I. AM. SO. FUCKING. EXCITED. FOR. YOU. TO. READ. THE. CHAPTER. SO. I'M. GOING. TO. STOP. TALKING.
Sherlock swallowed hard, “because, John... I was scared... John please... I am so sorry! I won’t do anything like this ever again!!”
What do girls and rocks have in common?
John ended up sitting there for hours before Sherlock’s eyes slowly fluttered opened. He swallowed hard and waited for Sherlock to register that he was in his room.
“Please! Just tell me he’s here and I’ll go! I need to know if he’s safe... If he’s okay!” Sherlock was on the verge of tears. He didn’t know why, but he was so scared and they were threatening to come up. John was most likely fine, he was just overreacting.
A dino-snore.
After that they had a nice little ceremony and it was Sherlock's turn to speak. He didn’t want to one bit, but he promised his mother he would months ago. She had asked, and how could he refuse her last wish? He slowly stood up and walked to the front of the church. He stood at the podium and adjusted the microphone. With shaking fingers, he slowly took out a piece of paper and then ripped it up, “See, I don’t need this.” He cleared his throat and looked at John because John helped him through all the hard times, “Some of you know me... some of you don’t, but what you should know is that I do not speak in front of people and I certainly don’t pour my heart out to people. I’m a rude, arrogant, little shit. That being said... this is what my mother wanted and God help me if I’m not going to try and give her everything she wanted in her last moments.”
“I know...” He whispered and smiled tightly because he did, his Sherlock may have been gone, but there were still parts of this Sherlock that were the same as before. “I’ll talk to him – really talk to him.”
John narrowed his eyes, “You heard me. I’m not going to repeat it if you heard me. You’re not my fucking mum, you’re not my lover. So just let me die.” He sighed heavily.
John and Sherlock meet! Tender.
Sherlock grinned with happiness and ran to the nearest ATM. He pushed the card in and the money poured out of the machine. He snatched it up and then ran back to the man, “Kevin!! Kevin!” He gasped and pushed him against the wall again.
The Doctor raised an eyebrow. “Oh, really? Well why don’t we go and give him a visit then?”
John swallowed as he slowly sunk down on the floor. He was expecting Sherlock to yell or cry, but he did none of those things... He just looked broken and John was the cause of that, John swallowed hard and just sat there not knowing what to do, but then Sherlock was coming out of the bedroom, tying his scarf around his neck. He didn’t say anything, he just left, but John followed him anyway.
They went to the coat closet and got their coats and then walked outside. John slipped his hand inside of Sherlock's hand and smiled up at him. “I had fun tonight, really.” He stated softly. “Thank you.”
I am words and I write the fics
A: Because then they would be a foot!!!!!!
“Hi, mummy.” John said quietly and took a breath, “may I come in?”
Nothing.
. John had had enough! He had never fought back with his father though because of how much bigger and stronger he was compared to him. John definitely got his mother’s genes in terms of height and body structure.
“The phase of me beating you up?” He pursed his lips. “Mmmm, no… That’s where you are wrong. You piss me off and I genuinely like beating you up, this isn’t a phase. Now stand up! I want a challenge, rainbow!”
John’s heart just dropped and he swallowed hard. Mike just decided to go through with it... The big plan had been set in stone for months and he knew that John wasn’t going to do a damn so he did it himself. This was it.... This was the end... And it killed John.
“Move out of the way, Sherlock.” Sigar growled a bit. “I don’t want to shoot my own son, but I will if I have to.”
” He growled and paused his movie.
He screamed loudly and ended up falling out of the bed, trying to crawl away quickly, but the blanket tangled in him made it damn near impossible.
And John's heart shattered because she was right... no one did want to be with him. Claire felt like he was a chore, and right now that was the only friend he had. Zack gave up on trying to spend time with him because he would always turn him away, and when he didn’t turn him away he just sat there staring at the wall... and Sherlock fucking killed himself to get away from him.
She choked when she felt a faint thumping, but she knew it wouldn’t last long, “You stupid man!!!” She sobbed and reached for her mobile. She dialled 999 and then tried her best to keep him alive, but when his pulse finally gave out, she broke. This wasn’t like the bath tub... She couldn’t pull him above water and wait for him to breathe... this was really happening and she wasn’t even sure if he was going to make it. She had no idea how to even keep him alive long enough for him to make it and that broke her fucking heart.
John smirked more and his eyes crinkled, “Exactly!”
“Are you fucking serious? I think you may have picked possibly the worst time in the history of times to pick!”
Sherlock landed in the bushes with a muffled scream and then scrambled to his feet. He grabbed John's hand as tightly as he could and started running, “move!!”
DEUCES BITCHES
Sherlock opened the letter with delicate hands and pulled it out of the envelope. He smoothed it out and then picked up the small kitten and put it on his desk. He smiled softly at the kitten as it tried to bite his fingers.
Sherlock made a sound in the back of his throat, “So you’ve seen a lot of injuries, then; violent deaths.”
Sherlock looked over at him and smiled a bit. “What do you want?” He asked softly.
As soon as Sherlock finally got out of bed and was presentable, really it was his own house why did he need to sit and fix his hair for ten minutes, they walked downstairs together and saw a man sitting at the counter reading the newspaper. John didn’t know who he was, but he assumed that it was Mycroft, or as Sherlock so lovely put it: Cakeman. Though, he supposed it could also be Sherlock's father… the man in question looked a tad young, but he also looked very old. It was all very confusing to John.
John looked up at the assaulted Sherlock just as he groaned and crumpled up the paper. Sure, Sherlock was a little weird, but that didn’t give Brain, Zack, and the rest of the rugby players the right to tease him. He sighed and left it alone like he always did when Brian nudged him again. “Oh my hell, will you stop that! What?”
“Well, whose fault is that? You should have written to me.” He sung, as he poked at whatever was in his dish.
This story is going to be filled with loads of fluff and angst and humour and heartbreak and everything because I love feels! Also I'm a lame arse American and I don't know how the school system works over there so you can all suck it up because I'm going off my school system thingy! gah! #Lameos
awwww arent they cute??????????
“I’m sorry. My mind was somewhere else… What was that?” He felt like a twat admitting that. They had probably been talking to him this whole time and he wasn’t even listening.
“Would have made you tea, but I never know when you’re coming home these days,” He smiled tightly and then took a breath as he leaned against the counter, across from Sherlock. “Well, umm...” He trailed off because how do you even bring up things like this...? “Two weeks ago, when I went to get the letters your dad told me something... and I’ve been avoiding telling you because I don't exactly know how... and it never seems like a good time anyway.” He took a shaky breath, “but I can't hold it off anymore and I know that... Sherlock, your mum has cancer...” He whispered.
Sherlock smirked to John. He felt a warm feeling in his stomach at the fact that he could make John's anger go away. “Oh no… don’t do that… he’s like a hoover! He’ll just inhale it!” John giggled harder and walked a little closer to Sherlock. Just a little bit. The average person wouldn’t have even noticed, but Sherlock wasn’t average and he very much noticed.
They walked around for an hour or so more when Sherlock finally found something he was familiar with. “FINALLY!!!” He practically jumped for joy and gave John a giant hug.
“No! Please! Let me just talk. That’s all I want, is to talk. You can kick me out later!” The person pleaded.
“You don’t have to go.” Sherlock’s voice said softly from behind him. “My mother finally stood up for herself and kicked him out yesterday. He won’t be back, John…”
John's door creaked open slowly. So quietly it didn’t make a sound and it certainly didn’t disturb Sherlock and John. “JOHN HAMISH WATSON!!!!” His father’s booming voice filled the room.
going to end it with John! John was Sherlock's and Sherlock didn’t care that he pushed him away, he didn’t care what would happen if he took John back, he didn’t care anymore! He needed John and John needed him! They needed each other, that was certainly clear to him when John would show up looking like shit every day. Sherlock kept running as fast as his legs would carry him, even though he felt exhausted and on the brink of collapsing. Why was he so far away? He wasn’t going to make it and that terrified him.
Sherlock blinked and then ran to him, “What the hell, John!!!”
John blinked. The voice sounded so kind and not at all mad. It also sounded friendly so John slowly came out from under the desk and looked at the man. He was older and had silver hair. There was stubble on his face and he had very kind, soft brown eyes. “Now, are you going to tell me why you’re dressed up so nice and hiding under my desk?” He asked softly as he sat back in his chair and gave John lots of room.
Sorry for the jokes I was trying to make you forget the fact that John is dead... fuck I just brought it up again... well
John just shrugged and didn't say anything for a while, "Sherlock's probably going to wonder where I am..."
“Oi! Why did you do that?” He sniffled some more and rubbed the spot where she hit him.
Sherlock gave a small nod and a sad smile, “Yeah... Mycroft just came in to tell me that my mother couldn’t come and see me because she couldn’t leave work.” He swallowed and took a bite of his sandwich, even though he was nowhere near hungry, but he had made a promise to John so he was going to keep it.
Claire nodded and just held him for a long time before she finally pulled away and looked him up and down, “You look terrible.” She smiled softly, “I think you should get in the shower and then take your pills. After that we can do whatever you want or you can just go to bed.”
Marilyn Monroe!!” Donna blinked rapidly.
She whistled and then stuck out her hand to Sherlock, “I’m Claire and you are very handsome – Though, not as handsome as John.” She smirked and then winked at him.
“MOTHER!!!” He flailed.
John swallowed and knew he had two choices. He could tell Sherlock or he could shrug it off. He was going to tell him not to worry about it, but something else came out, "I don't want to lose you...."
"I know.. But maybe it would be better if I wasn't the one who killed him...." He whispered.
“Oh? And how would we do that?” Sherlock still hadn’t told John about Brian’s feelings, but he didn’t think it mattered. They were all friends now and Sherlock trusted Brian when he said he wasn’t ever going to act on those feelings. So he didn’t think he should tell John, it would only make him jealous anyway and that was an experience that he didn’t really want to repeat.
John laughed softly and took his hand, kissing it once, “I actually think I’m the lucky one.” He whispered. It was an insane thought, but maybe Claire would be the one to fix everything between the two of them without even realising it.
My sister bet me a hundred dollars that I couldn't make a car made out of spaghetti.
John swallowed and tried to step forward, but Sherlock took a step back so he stopped, “Maybe I should go make tea...” He wanted to yell back because Sherlock had no idea what
Lestrade hummed and then gave a low chuckle. “I just love it when they squirm around.”
John dropped the gun and let out a choked sob, “Sherlock...” he whimpered, praying that this was real.
Here we go!!!!!! (I'll put a cheat code)
Mike pursed his lips, “I’m just saying don’t let that happen.”
Sherlock shook his head and swallowed thickly. His heart hurt and he just wanted more time! He had practically ignored her in the years that he thought John was dead and that killed him, they could have
“I’d like to see him try.” He said gravely and then went back to his room.
.....well that was a doosy wasnt it? ha ahahahhaha ha!!!
John whined as Sherlock placed him in bed. His whole body ached and he just wanted sleep, but he couldn’t fall asleep because he was in way too much pain and also was bloody freezing. Sherlock sighed and kissed his head, “Rest... I’ll be back in a while to check on you, okay?” He would have stayed if John had asked, but John didn’t want him to stay because he didn’t want Sherlock to get sick as well. He smiled sadly and then left the room.
“I know Sherlock…” He smiled to himself and kissed the top of his head. “I know.”
“That makes no sense! You have absolutely no control over my life!” He growled back. “There is nothing wrong with who I am!”
“So you can’t see where we are going!” She hummed happily. She was a very cheerful lady and that made John rather angry. He didn’t know why...
This chapter never had an end note thing so I'm making it now...
“Well, we let ourselves in... however! I solved the case so really you should be thanking me. It was the husband. Now, like I told Anderson you should probably go arrest him!” Sherlock rolled his eyes and looked at the hands on his arms. Really? He had just smoothed out the wrinkles Anderson had caused.
