He was quite thrown off by the severity John was showing, he had soon started to feel little, defenseless, miserable, and humiliated, his cock had started to fill as he felt the warmth of the blow fading slowly from his skin.
John accommodated his weight on his lap.
He took a deep breath, “Please, sir, may I be punished?”, the detective found it hard to not make it sound sarcastic, or to not laugh at himself either.
” he added outraged.
“Yet,” he said, returning to his Doctor's voice, “for what we are going to do, you are going to wear it” he stated, “Stand up, hands behind your head, please”.
Before Sherlock could argue, John's fingers returned in his mouth, “Suck, again, boy,” the doctor commanded. For a moment Sherlock delayed to obey, surprised by the response he had gotten, but then, with far less enthusiasm, he returned to suck the doctor's fingers.
Sherlock was now looking in his eyes, John could see his pupils going bigger, and the internal struggle quite obviously happening in the sub whole body.
The sub heard distantly and with growing anticipation Greg's massaging frenetically his own length with lube, and then the fingers were substituted by the Dom's hard  cock.
The Doctor watched his skin turning delightfully pink, warmed by his hand, wobbling at each stroke and tensing as he paused to pet him shortly before returning to hit, he could feel Sherlock's cock growing and pressing with increasing insistence against his thigh.
“Respect, boy” the Dom growled, then his tone returned calm, “And yes, it does, you won't be able to move, fight back or anything,” he said, “You will be mine” he whispered lowly.
John left him for a brief moment, Sherlock stayed eyes down on the floor.
The Doctor saw him, through the window, in the front building, as the detective brought the pill to his mouth, deaf to his desperate screams. He pulled the trigger.
It hadn't a single ring for a leash, but one metal ring at each side, a bondage fan then. No lock, just a simple buckle.
Greg lifted the blindfold, the sudden light blinded Mycroft, he blinked annoyed by it. His Dom was smiling at him as he brushed his tears away, he smiled back.
Sherlock's eyes went wide with surprise and then annoyance appeared on his face, feeling almost betrayed by John's rough reprimand and abrupt stop to something he was sure the Dom was enjoying, just to make a point, he thought.
He was giving the blows full force, accompanying with his body the swats, and as Sherlock's started to sob within screams, his cock got hard, pressing against the fabric of his trousers.
I didn't manage to write all I was thinking I would, unfortunately, I will update very soon.
The scene of Sherlock's enraged, standing up as he unbuckled his leash, still made Mycroft smirk a bit, even the detective must have realized how serious his infraction had been.
John followed the all detective, running impatiently through the chaotic flock of tourists filling the shiny corridors of the airport. The orange sun, warm despite the season, was entering from the huge windows.
Later Victor had been classified as a submissive, Sherlock had managed to buy himself a light Dominant result, ensuring his freedom. He was sure Victor knew, guessing what not even his brother had ever known, and maybe for that he hadn't been quite forgiven.
Greg grabbed his collar, forcing the sub to uneasily raise his head, “Talking back, little brat?” he asked mockingly, his voice between a laugh and actual threat, “That really doesn't suit you, does it?”, Mycroft's only answer was a sharp grunt, Greg let him go, and the sub's head fell again against the mattress.
John smiled at him, kissing him once again on his head, “Are you sure? Nothing to say about it?”
Smiling delighted, John stroke him again, slowly.
The sub swallowed a couple of times, even if his mouth was still dry.
“Breath, slowly,” the dominant told him, inviting to match his breath, inhaling and exhaling slowly. Sherlock followed, the stinging on his scalp was tinging, infuriating, and then it was slowly released. Johns's fingers were still holding his curls, but with less force, in an almost patronizing soothing.
That should have told Mycroft that money would not be such a good lever, but on the other hand, it had given him the chance to test the man whose hand he had trusted his brother in.
John was deeply enjoying it, Sherlock was still far from the melting state of subspace, he would wince adorably as the crop brushed him in various parts of his body, moaning as the leather touched his testicles and caressed his length, still soft between his legs.
“Because it's my job” John cut the provocation annoyed.
His skin had gone on fire, and every blow had started to send shivers of powerful arousal and he now was sure he would never get enough of it, he wanted his skin to feel warm and tender more and more.
“Oh, yes, I know that, but still I will make sure to have as many men as possible and to take it as slowly as possible” Greg retorted.
Sherlock smiled “Playing deductions, Doctor?” he joked glaring once again at the little toy.
Sherlock snuggled against him, hugging his plush bee tightly, the television was playing on some random show, the scent of lavender of the soothing cream was filling the air. John kissed the young man's soft curls, “I love you,” he whispered before he could stop himself. Sherlock didn't seem to hear him, his eyes were closed and his head resting against his chest.
He panted hard through the nose, holding his breath as the metal clamps closed around his nipple, the pain was stinging, sharp and fast, and then fading rapidly, but as soon as he made the slightest movement, a new wave of fire would irradiate. He didn't like them, he decided immediately, they weighted on his tender skin, unpleasantly turning it oversensitive, but as John brushed them, causing new pain, his legs trembled.
The detective took a deep breath “People can’t tell how I work because they walk around, blind and obtuse as a flock of bovines, ignoring everything their eyes see, unable to even do the slightest deduction. I just connect what I see” the young detective said. Jack raised his eyebrow at the flippant explanation, while John smiled apologetically.
“You are so beautiful,” John said, interrupting his thoughts, his hand raised Sherlock's chin up, forcing the sub to meet his eyes, “So obedient and perfect”, he praised caressing the detective's cheek, his voice was covered in sweetness and yet with a possessive glare in his eyes, almost predatory, that made the whole submissive's body tremble in a shiver.
The Doctor was the fourth Dominant Mycroft had sent in a week and the sub had learned plenty from the previous experiences, probably not exactly what he was supposed to learn though.
Sherlock cleared his voice, undecided if he wanted to expose himself even more than he had already in front of this man, “Is it weird I got-” he trailed off not sure how to put the sentence down.
As John handed him another bite, he just shook his head against the doctor's knee, “Come on, Sherlock, ” the Dom tried to convince him, “One of the rules is that you have to eat, remember?” a hint of threat had appeared in his soft tone.
“You are such a little brat, aren't you?” he asked, coming closer to Sherlock's face, grabbing his chin so that the detective was forced to look at him, “A naughty little boy unable to do a simple task as kneeling for more than half an hour” John continued maliciously.
The Dom let him go abruptly.
“Up, on the chair, boy” John's voice commanded, distracting him from his thoughts. Sherlock looked at him, he was holding a wooden spoon with which he was pointing at the chair he had conveniently put so that it was definitely visible from the door's chink.
“I didn't tell you to suck, boy” he scolded, pulling his hair.
Neither of them had spoken until that moment, they had returned Sherlock's flat in silence after Sherlock had dismissed Greg's questions.
Sherlock looked up at him with a glower glare at that, but he took the bite anyway, John had to hold a laugh at the detective's spout.
When the blows started to sting and his skin turning red, Sherlock's moans filled the room, his fingers grasped the couch fabric and then John's trousers with convulsing movements as his legs started to kick the air.
“Are you suggesting I would take advantage of him?” John asked raising an eyebrow at the insulting implication, his dominant voice had transpired quite more he intended to and the effect on the sub was visible but rapidly hidden, “I wouldn't dare to imply such thing, Doctor Watson,” Mycroft replied with an iced tone.
The Dom had punished him delightfully for doing so without his permission, and afterward, he had kissed and caressed every inch of him and ordered him to maintain himself shaved.
He again jerked the leash, less intensely this time, a not verbal order to follow him. Mycroft crawled behind him, following him to their bedroom.
Sherlock once again had grabbed his hand, “This way, sir” he panted. He rushed directions, changing them often, calculating fast the route.
John touched him, caressing his backside gently, feeling the swollen of his burning hot flesh. With his other hand, he grabbed the bar of soap. Sherlock let it out and immediately his sobs filled the room. He distantly heard them, barely realizing he was the one making those pitiful noises.
Sherlock stared at him coldly, his mouth was a thin line.
He had undressed of the few clothes covering him at the Doctor's command, he had dared, almost shyly, to ask why, “Because I want to play with you now,” the Dom had answered with melting arousal in his tone.
Sherlock had never had a friend before, or at least that's what he kept repeating himself. Despite John stubbornly calling Greg his friend, the detective had just seen their relationship as a simple mutual benefit: Greg would give him his drug, solving crimes, a purpose, something to shut up the number of voices boredom would bring in his head, and Greg could use him to solve the mess his incompetence did. Plus he was the reason he had met his submissive.
Sherlock went livid, “I won't,” he said simply.
Sherlock curled up on his knees, he liked to feel little in John's arms even if he was so much taller than the Dom, and in those moments, he really felt little and protected.
Sherlock could hear his ears ringing acutely, the gaze of the man waiting in front of him was almost too much to bear.
Sherlock had served John some tea, there wasn't much else to eat in the kitchen, food tended to expire in his house so he didn't mind to buy much anymore.
He sensed the weight of the doctor climbing on the bed, and then a leather crop pampered in circles his still cooling skin.
Victor had walked into his flat and asked for help. He had aged up pretty well, and now he was wearing a ginger beard that Sherlock hadn't been sure he liked, but the Detective had recognized his green eyes immediately.
“Up, across my knees, please” John ordered, there was no anger in his voice, it was calm, almost seducing. Sherlock was still feeling quite ridiculous, he could feel his face going pale at the implications of the order. His legs shake as he stood, trembling with tinglings.
Sherlock looked himself in the bathroom mirror, studying closely the collar that was now around his neck.
“Please, what, boy?” John said sounding cruelly mocking, “Return to position and take the punishment you deserve, now,” he ordered, raising his voice just a little more than normal, his tone was cutting sharp.
John smiled, “A diary,” he answered simply. “Is it about me?” the sub asked, suddenly interested.
“Not anymore, Sherlock,” Mycroft said, amused by Sherlock’s irritation “You don’t really think you can enter into an FBI investigation without an invitation, do you?” he said, assuming that tone he always used when his little brother was being silly, and that made Sherlock’s blood boil with irritation.
“But don't you worry, I sorted things out for a change” he added sarcastically, “I won't have you sent to one of those training centers, letting them sedate you constantly, even if you might think it would be pleasant,” he said, “I got yourself a private trainer Dominant”.
The sub let out a muffled complaint, he didn't like the gag at all, it was uncomfortable, his jaw would start to hurt very soon and the saliva inevitably drooling was just humiliating, “Oh little boy, you should know this by now, you talk too much, this is what you get” John mocked him.
Humiliation crept coloring Sherlock's cheeks with a light pink that John, deep down, found adorable, “That doesn't mean I will find it any less degrading,” the sub retorted.
His fingers curled grabbing his ankles. John's hand held tightly the wooden handle of the black strap, he raised his arm again, watching delightfully Sherlock's fear at the sound. It was one of the most severe implements he owned, and he was sure the punishment will be effective, that Sherlock will be floating in a matter of few licks of the leather, with a nice purple ass to remind him what little brats get.
The silence fell, deafening.
Sherlock sighed heavily, he moved, but John stopped him, grabbing the leather collar again, “You say 'Yes, Sir' when I give you an order, boy” the Dom commanded almost threateningly.
As always, suggestions are welcome, now that the boys are a bit more settled, lots of scenes will happen.
John embraced him, laid down on the couch's seatback while holding him on his lap tightly wrapped in his arms.
The clicking of the keyboard continued. John had threatened Sherlock multiple times giving him the choice to either mute that annoying thing or to eventually find the phone mysteriously broken, right below their living room window.
His trousers were pulled up, igniting the hotness of his skin, and not letting it worn away in the air.
So, you let yourself get involved?" Irene asked, raising her eyebrow sternly, "that's disappointing from you, John", she said.
Sherlock's hands run to his backside instinctively trying to prevent another blow to fall.
The Dom blinked, he closed his eyes as if silently praying to have enough patience to not punch Sherlock in the face right at that moment.
The sudden loss of touch at first made Sherlock whimpered and then whined with disappointment.
John had been quite surprised by Sherlock's choice at first, but it made sense, he guessed, so far the sub had experienced only spanking, and it was clear Sherlock didn't like the idea of trying something new yet.
The detective stopped for a beat, the hand of the dead lady still in his hand, and took his little lens from his pocket “They get so amazed, while everything I say was just there, in front of them as much as it was in front of me” he continued, turning to Will “But how do you do?” He asked again getting closer to the profiler, who looked away again.
Sherlock gritted his teeth, “No, thank you” he hissed.
His fingers grasped the rope around wrists, his toes curled as he tried to stay still in position and not let the instinct to shift away from the blessed scorching pain overcoming him.
“Do not act up, Sherlock” the Dom hissed “or forget about the play and we do another punishment instead” he threatened “and I can assure you it won't be so light as yesterday.”
Sherlock opened his eyes.
“Unless he is not the one who invited them?” Hannibal observed with a smile. At that, Will laughed a bit “More unless they don’t follow his orders like well-trained puppies” he said, “But apparently they have an influence of some sort: they are granted access to all the pieces of evidence and reports we have about the Ripper.” The profiler said, playing absent-mindedly with the fabric of his chair. “And they will work with us if another corpse shows up” he added after a moment of silence.
His fingers were tidily bandaged, yellow stains surfaced on the white gauze. He struggles with the padded cuffs on his wrists, clanging the iron bars of the hospital bed he was laying on.
“Yes, as in the USA Maryland,” the detective repeated, raising his eyebrow as he always did when anyone asked him a stupid question. John raised his head, looking at the greyish white sky of London.
His erection was pushing painfully against the chair, and his mind had gone white, the only thing he could think about, even if in a very confused stream of thoughts, was how naughty he felt.
“What do you mean
When Sherlock's hand trembling went back, trying to shield his tortured skin accompanied by a weak “Nooo”, John grabbed it, pinning it on the sub lower back, holding it tightly interlacing their fingers. Sherlock grabbed it back, grateful for that bit of comfort touch.
?” he repeated.
He had put a shadow over John, to spy on the man, perfectly conscious that Sherlock would eventually notice, a glimpse of control poorly trying to overcome the worry he felt about his brother.
When John's touched the plug, Sherlock whimpered, “Should I leave this here so you remember to behave, or can I put it out?” John asked, twisting the end of the plug a bit, savoring the tremble of the sub's legs.
“Back up, heel position, Sherlock” the Dom ordered. The sub obeyed with a wobbling movement. As he straightened, he could feel the new weight in him adjusting, he opened his mouth for a brief moment as he felt his hole, opening and clenching in pulse around the plug.
As the fingers of the doctor entered him, Sherlock returned to moan, he moved, even if almost imperceptibly, trying to escape whatever was going on. “Hush and stay still” John tutted, a hint of displeasure returning in his voice.
Sherlock took a few gasping breaths, he again rose his cheeks, searching contact with the crop that was so gently igniting the warmth, exposing himself more, “Please, sir, let me come” he shook, his whole body was trembling, his hair was sweaty and hiding his face.
John chuckled, “Some parts, yes,” he said.
John visited him every day now and stayed with him almost constantly. Since new cases had been running low lately, Sherlock really hadn't anything better to do, and, for the first time in his life, he had started to feel the compelling need for company. Subspace had become more and more familiar to him as John learned his strings, and his mind for once was staying calm.
“I'm not his pet,” John corrected, frowning at the implication. Sherlock was looking out of the window, “Quite the contrary actually” he commented dryly.
As always, suggestions, comments, and request are very welcome, I'm so grateful for the response I'm receiving, you guys are making this shitty time so much better, thank you so much.
John’s mind slowly processed what was happening, suddenly realising the scene he was looking at “Sherlock?” he called running towards the cab, following the detective who was already opening the car door.
His taunting was interrupted as John grabbed his curls, forcing him to bend his neck up and meet the Doctor's enraged eyes, “And is provoking me one of your favorite kinks, little brat?” he asked. Sherlock smiled broadly.
Sherlock blushed for a split second before complying.
Veteran, despite the medical background, psychosomatic limp, failing psychotherapy, alcoholic brother. It had been the easiest deduction yet, and Sherlock had found pretty simple to let the stream out, unwrapping John's life, altogether his clearly poor choice of blind patriotism and the post-traumatic disorder it had lead him to.
“Now,” the doctor said, suddenly returning to the relaxed tone of before “I've been told you never had a proper relationship in your life, is that correct?”
The detective closed his eyes, resting on the older man's chest, hearing John's heart pumping fast and powerfully, his hands were caressing his body, running soothingly all over his back, to his thighs. He closed his eyes, falling asleep.
John's refusal had been constantly bugging Mycroft for the whole day.
Sherlock's eyes dilated, he wondered if the Doctor was being serious, his humiliation had gone lost somewhen before, but he felt still ridiculed by the request. As if he had guessed his thoughts, John said  “You behave like a pretentious brat, you get punished like one” he mocked, clearly satisfied with Sherlock's reaction, "Now, don't make me repeat myself again," he intimated.
“Would you like something better to suck, boy?” John growled, Sherlock smiled widely, victorious, “Do you think I deserve so, sir?” he asked with a poorly pretended humility.
Hannibal bent towards him, Will finally looked into his eyes again “Are you worried, Will?” the doctor asked the doctor said smiling only with his cold glare, "Aren't you curious to see him hunting?" William stared at him, without answering as a cold shiver ran through his body.
John contemplated his sub, the overwhelming awe he could feel radiating from him touched his deepest core, he could feel his cock blossoming with arousal already at that sight alone.
The paddle fell again, punitive this time, against his sitting spot. Mycroft could feel his hole clenching against the plug inside him at each blow, the increasing warmth against his already mistreated skin turning fast into agony and humiliating amend in the darkness he was.
“You are mine, aren't you, Mycroft?” he grunted as he started to fuck him with increasing pace, “Yes, sir” the sub whimpered, melting beneath him, his hole getting loose and pleasantly burning, “Please use me, sir” he managed to pant, tears were still rolling from his eyes beneath the blindfold.
A bit of concerned Mycroft, he is my favourite character after all.
He hadn't a real idea of what he would like, before yesterday, the few glimpses of arousal he had experienced in his life had been stolen to him in confused dreams, where he had been tortured in many ways and sodomized roughly by faceless Doms. He used to wake up, disgusted by his own erections and cum and scared by the horrid images that had caused it.
The day had started awfully and had gone even worse.
“You know why,” John said, suddenly a lump was clenching his throat, “Sherlock is gone.”
Greg looked at him, his chest full of warm pride, he couldn't believe that such an intelligent, beautiful human being was his and his alone.
He wanted to be good, the wish was so intense that it ached inside him, he wanted to be a good boy again. John's hand caressed his warm cheeks, making part of the burning hot sensation fade away, Sherlock arched, searching the doctor's hand, hungry for contact.
John let out a chortle, teasing his skin a long while before letting it fall with a loud crack. Sherlock cried out, losing position for a brief moment, he wheezed, waiting and craving more, quickly returning to expose himself.
He wasn't going to fall for the same trick again.
“Sherlock, anything on the menu is free for you and your pet,” Angelo said, his Italian accent rolling on the words as he offered them the menu with theatrical cheerfulness, he looked smiling at John.
He had been bad, he kept telling himself, and he was being punished for it. He imagined himself with countless stripes on his back, kneeling on the corner, that thought would send liquid coziness to his bowels, down to his crotch. His erection had been fading and returning frustratingly, adding more blessed expiation for his amend.
He had smashed Victor's house door open. The Dom was there, holding a long cane that was dropping blood. In a split second, Sherlock was on him, and he had hit him, again and again. He didn't recall much else, their blood mixing, his hands going numb, Victor's body laying on the table.
“Do you remember how to safe-word when you are such a brat to deserve the gag?” John asked smiling, the sight of Sherlock knelt, tied up, with his collar black against his skin, blindly looking at his direction was truly remarkable. The boy was right, he was aroused already. Sherlock nodded as much as the position allowed him to, and then snapped his fingers to show he really remembered. “Good boy,” John praised, brushing his chin with the crop, watching the younger man swallowed around the gag ball with lust.
Without warning he started to pull the plug out, the detective gasped as John twisted the plug, slowly, his hole clenched around it, and then the weight was gone.
When John started to massage his scalp, with dainty fingers, Sherlock closed his eyes, letting any doubt go, he leaned his forehead against the doctor with a deep sigh that sounded almost as purr. The shampoo lather stained his sweater, but the Dom embraced him for a long moment, as he continued to massage the young's man soft curls.
“I won't run away without you again, I promise, Sir” Sherlock answered, closing his eyes beneath John's gentle touch.
, why everyone seemed to think he was traumatized? “But that doesn't excuse you for being unnecessarily rude, does it?”
John chuckled.
Thank you so much for your comments and advice, I really like constructive criticism. As promised, I tried to take the Dom's side a bit more in this one, let me know if you liked it.
The sub did, again the plug surprised him, his legs were shaking from the long time they had been kneeling.
The pale marmoreal corpses, the personification of a timeless coldness, was neatly disposed on the shiny metallic tables, in line in the white aseptic room of the FBI morgue. A young man with curly dark hair, and a scruffy an appearance -that made John almost feel more at ease, with his pyjamas shirt barely hidden by the coat and the tiredness of the flight heavy in his face- was standing in the middle of that gloomy crowd- those mute witnesses as his only companions.
“Hush, boy,” John said, firmly but still with that sweet calm he had before, “You are doing so well,” he added with a whisper.
Then darkness fell on his eyes, a blindfold was being fastened around his head.
The sub nuzzled under the sheets, leaning his head against John's chest. Sherlock was naked, when the night before he had undress to put his pajamas on, John had stopped him, “I would prefer you to wear your collar only,” he had said with that liquid yet firm tone that he couldn't argue against.
The leash in fact was new to the detective. When John had asked him if he wanted to invite his brother and the DI over, Sherlock had made a face. He had been avoiding his brother for a while now and the last thing he wanted was to see was his gloating face at seeing his submission.
“That's how I would like you to greet me when I come here,” John said “It's not like you will be kneeling all the time but it would be better if you'd get a pillow to put there, so you can wait for me to come in without having your knees getting sore” the dom explained with a casual tone.
He grabbed the black leather crop from Sherlock's shaking hands, “What a polite pet are we,” he said smiling, caressing the curls of the sub's bowed head. Sherlock made a face at the nickname but the praise still stroke him, calming a bit the trepidation that had been clenching his heart.
The Dom's cock was obscenely pressing on Sherlock's thighs, hungry and aching. He extracted his fingers and the submissive gasped as he started to brush his erected length between his cheeks, “Ask for it, Sherlock” he commanded, he was now panting himself, unable to control his voice that had gone dark with dominance.
During their trip home, however, an unpleasant sensation had been crippling in his stomach, dried his mouth with a bitter taste, while Greg drove in silence.
“Some subs needs more attention, my subs need a lot of attention” John answered.
A hand caressed his things, slowly. The sub was wearing his cotton light blue pajamas, he hadn't found the visit of the umpteenth dominant quite an occasion to dress up properly.
“Thank you, Mrs. Hudson, you are very kind,” he said, as the lady laid the tray in front of him, “It's the least I can do,” she answered, looking at Sherlock's collar with a warm wide smile, “I always knew” she continued, “I'm so glad he will finally get better”.
“You like that, little one?” John asked with a grin, Sherlock nodded. The spanking the sub had received had been the most severe one so far, despite the cooling time out, the skin was still deeply red, purple signs were emerging on the center on each cheek, where the Dom had concentrated the blows.
After the umpteenth time Greg had returned home to find the endless war had exploded again in broken plates and loud shouting, he had finally decided he had enough, two Holmes were clearly too many to handle at once.
Greg smiled, looking at the flesh turning pink, and the imperceptible movement the sub's legs made to escape the next blow before returning to touch the paddle, obediently submitting.
“Good evening, doctor” the sub had greeted him with a smile which maybe wanted to be gentle, but for some reason had turned out to be cold, he invited him to take sit on one of the comfy chairs in front of him.
He tried to calm his breathing, the explosions had followed him in the awakening and were still echoing in his head.
The doctor's arms embraced him, his hand ran down Sherlock's back and pinched his cheek. Sherlock grunted as the pain of the belting he had received the day before ignited, “It still hurts, sir” he complained, looking with resentment at John's satisfied smile, “As it should,” the doctor growled. The sub pouted, but yet he wasn't able to stop himself from smiling a bit.
Mycroft whimpered, a protest maybe or a sound of relief, “Oh, pet, I'm not quite done yet,” the Dom assured him. He brushed his work with satisfaction, making Mycroft whimper once again, with a sob.
“I apologize for the quite abrupt way our first face to face encounter happened,” he said, “but see, it was important to not get my brother suspicious, he had always had the tendency to antagonize every attempt I do on his behalf,” he said with an exasperated tone.
Sherlock looked at it, a voice in his head urged him to protest, despite he knew that would mean further punishment, a slithering voice craved for that idea, it would maybe make him return in that sweet soft bubble he had been into, where everything of this seemed so easy and pleasant. But he wanted to return in John's arms, to cling against him again as if his little trip to the restroom had separated them for an eternity, so he just rolled his eyes and knelt.
He let only the end to touch Sherlock's skin, gradually increasing the pace but never giving it too much force and pausing frequently to tease him with it, watching the sub waiting with bated breath the next wave of pain. His erection had started to painfully grow in his trousers.
“Jack was furious,” he said then, abruptly changing the subject, “he doesn’t like eccentric detectives invading his investigations, even if they might prove useful” he added, smiling a little while remembering Jack frustration.
In that precise moment, the door slammed open, the Detective stormed outside, his long dark coat following him like a theatrical cape, almost stepping into John who was standing right next to the door, keys in his hands, the groceries now spread all over the stone stairs.
Sherlock immediately nodded with force, frowning only a bit at the clear provocation.
John turned to look back at him, he cleared his voice, “Manners, Sherlock, remember?” he said.
Sorry for the little delay, finals had started so I am a bit busy, that's also why this chapter is so short, I will update soon tho.
The metal was cold, and, as it touched the inside of his thighs, the sub flinched a bit. John brushed his cock, caressing him as he fastened the metal ring around its base, and he chuckled as he grabbed the sub's testicles making Sherlock really jump this time.
Dare accepted then.
With Sherlock's surprise, John hadn't mocked his humble request, he had smiled widely. The doctor had taught about taunting playfully the evidently strong taste the submissive had development for impact play, but the clear shame on the young man's face refrained him from commenting.
“Now let's start to make this living room a bit more livable, shall we?” he said, he grabbed Sherlock's collar, forcing him to his feet, “Start with the mess on the floor so we can finally walk without stumble on every step” he ordered, his voice had changed, it sounded somehow military now.
He had left the scene shortly after, retrieved the bag that none of those idiots seemed to have noticed had gone been missing and he had returned home.
The sub pain ringed, filling the air, his hands ran to his backside, as confused pleading words rushed from his mouth, he looked at John, lost in subspace.
Irene had been his mentor. When he had returned broken from Iraq, he had decided to try to help others at least, wasn't that the reason he had wanted to be a doctor in the first place?
Sherlock let out a surprising complaint as the wooden paddle fell on his cheeks with a loud crack. His skin, first cold against the smooth wood, slowly warmed, “Yes, Sir” he whispered, out of breath as he felt the pit of his stomach blossom and his crotch growing inside the cage.
Mycroft didn't like to be in trouble.
John kissed his shoulders, silent praise, “You are so beautiful” he growled as lubed fingers entered in Sherlock, “And you are mine” he added.
Mycroft  had chuckled, condescending as usual, making Sherlock roll his eyes “Don't be naive, Sherlock” the older Holmes had said “Dominants don't put locks to close things,” he had explained, talking as to a particularly slow child, “They put locks to remind submissives they are not in charge, not even over their own bodies.”
The fact that undoubtedly he had been the favorite gossip of Scotland Yard for the past few days, that he had pretended to be a Dom all along, and, even worse, he had been caught in his lie.
Sherlock was glad John hadn't put a lock on his collar, he knew that would have sounded too much as a challenge and that he would have opened it just to show the doctor he was able to. Without it, he didn't feel, not even remotely, the wish to take off John's precious gift.
He was sitting on the living room's floor, his hand's fingers were still touching, a little trick he had learned to get in his mind palace faster: focusing only on the tips touching, forget the world.
“Do you mind stop that?” Sherlock suddenly shouted.
He believed his own words as they came out, “Please, punish me, Sir” he added, whispering, his head bowed deeply, staring at John's shoes.
“Nope,” John said. Sherlock this time looked actually offended, “I have to write this because of my therapy, it has nothing against you” John reassured.
He came inside him immediately after, his whole body trembled with a sparkle, he let the sub collar go, grabbing his hair instead before letting him go and fall on the bed, next to his beloved sub.
“Guards, gardens, dragons, and princesses, or princes-” John continued mockingly, “No, it's empty, there are gardens though” Sherlock interrupted dryly, finally getting up, “I don't need more people annoying me even there,” he said.
But when the sub when he was still foggy, as he described it, he found it pleasant to see the Dom's little reaction to the quite flat plots, to not have his entire attention but still be in his arms, caressed tenderly by the Doctor's hands, so television had soon become part of his aftercare routine, they would lay on the couch, John cuddling him while they watched some random show and Sherlock watching him with adoring eyes, hugging a pillow and usually ending up falling asleep.
Again, sorry for the delay, since I'm finally on a little break, I hope to update soon.
“Ask me, politely, Sherlock” he heard the Dom saying, and he did, not even trying to hold himself, he begged miserably, “Please, Sir, may let me come”.
Sherlock swallowed hard, he could refuse, he thought briefly, but the temptation of punishment made his blood boil, and his cock was starting to twist a bit. He crawled to the chair, bent on it with his knees bent on the hard seat.
John had caressed his hair, with regular and slow movement, when suddenly the sub started to talk. As the doctor had guessed, he had returned to the case, Sherlock Holmes the mighty detective was back. He had explained to John the situation, more to reorganize what he knew so far rather than actually share with him his knowledge, talking fast and rumbling often, barely answering John's questions.
John sighed deeply, caressing his curls, “Suck me, boy” he said, biting his lips, feeling the warmth of Sherlock's mouth around him and his tongue stroking delicately his length.
Sherlock had spoiled every single thing they had tried to watch, with deductions about cast's affairs, inner fights plot holes, mocking the exaggerated surprise at painfully obvious plot twists.
After his rough punishment, Sherlock had cried for long minutes, his face hid in the comfort of John's hug, he had apologized in a stream of disrupted words between sobs. He had needed time to reemerge from the waters of subspace, he hadn't nap, just stayed on John's lap, eyes closed. His mind was feeling lighter than before, like if an unknown weight had been removed from him, and as the fog of subspace dissipated his reasoning seemed to be more clear than ever.
“Permanent damage” Sherlock repeated hissing, “He was almost killed, of course he will have permanent damage, Mycroft!” he exclaimed, repeating his brother choice of words with disgust, “And all because someone thought to be an excellent idea to put a sign on them,
“More than being beaten by you?” Sherlock asked, a bit more bitter than he intended. John let for a moment the rope go, then the crack of the crop against his thigh made the detective jump.
When John touched his sensitive now softening cock, Sherlock whimpered loudly, convulsing between wanting to jump away and the sweet exhaustion he had melted into. John stroke him first slowly then again with more force, making a panted grunt escape from the sub's mouth, “Thank me, Sherlock” he commanded, he was grinning hungrily at the other man's convulsed movements.
John grabbed his curls and pulled his hand away, ignoring Sherlock's teeth that for a brief moment inevitably clenched around his fingers, not enough to actually bite him though.
He had thought about strapping the sub's hands, it had seen appropriately fitting his crime, but Sherlock's knuckles were still wearing the fading signs of the beating the detective had given to that bastard.
The Dom could hear vaguely the other two men chatting in the living room. He patted the sub's skin with the spoon a couple of times before letting it fall all with full force.
John looked at Sherlock collapsing on the table, he had come powerfully “I could watch you like this all day, you know?” he whispered in his ear, hidden below his messy curls.
“Does he think you are the killer or is he just looking for someone similar to himself who would be able to finally ‘see’?” Hannibal asked quietly, his eyes, as always, were the only ones to betray his emotions: his endless curiosity was sparkling in them behind the immovable expression, studying the younger man moving uncomfortably in his chair. Will looked at him for a long moment, then looked away again.
“Why are you doing this?” Sherlock asked, annoyed “Consider it a gift for you, Sherlock,” Mycroft said “And just say thank you” he added, still looking at his reflection in the mirror, turning in profile, adjusting his jacket with his free hand, glaring at the mirror, frowning a bit at his reflection.
“You know Mycroft's minions made sure to clear any stash I had,” Sherlock said, there was a hint of a smile on his face now.
He sighed heavily thinking about Sherlock, the picture of him at the hospital, dazed by the drugs they had to injected him with to calm him down. The doctors had explained to Mycroft it had been necessary, Sherlock had been in a state of blind rage and emotional breakdown, he had been violent against anyone that had tried to come near him. So they sedated him, like a rabid stray.
The Dom concentrated the swats on the same spot repeatedly, hitting the lower part of the sub's butt with force and with no mercy, alternating with quick blows each side, watching as it went white immediately after the blow and then fast reddened. Sherlock's screams had gone more and more suffocated by the sub's tears when he finally stopped, he was shaking visibly, collapsed on the chair and his cock was pressing painfully erected against the back of it.
John let himself linger a bit on Sherlock's cotton pants, the redness the belt had caused was transpiring from the white fabric, his now pink thighs contrasted delightfully with it. The Dom stroke them, drawing gentle circles, slowly, as tasting the warmth radiating from his flesh.
Greg's fingers entered him, painfully and uncomfortably,  brushing his inside between his burning cheeks. He moaned loudly, moving back to search him as his Dom slowly started to fuck him, to prepare him to be used.
John's hand felt cold against his tenderly tortured flesh, focusing his attention on the comfy warmth on his backside. The Dom brushed him, and Sherlock searched that gentle contact, craving it like air.
Sherlock's scream was muffled by the soap, little white bubbles formed around his lips, his eyes had gone wide with surprise at the strength of the blow, “I warn you, boy” John said, straightening up the belt for the next blow, “If that bar falls from that disrespectful mouth of yours, I'm starting all over again”. His tone was dark and heavy in threat, Sherlock believed him without any doubt.
Sherlock loved those brief moments after a case had been solved when the rush of victory still filled his brain and boredom was only starting to creep in the back of his head. They were the only moments when his mind went a bit quiet, relaxed even.
“That's how you know the rope isn't affecting your circulation too much” John explained, “You can do that to check if you are fine every time you feel it's hurting too much or you feel overwhelmed,” he added, “And I might ask to do that, so you don't need to worry,” he said as he fastened a gag around Sherlock's mouth.
“Are you alright?”, the dom's voice almost startled him. He glared at him like he had forgotten he was there, despite he was literally still sitting on the man's legs. He nodded.
Hope you like it, this is getting more smutty than I intended it to go, but I have no idea where I intend to go anyway, I'm not totally convinced about this chapter, but whatever.
Sherlock prepared and served him the food, it was the only bit of service he actually remembered to do without being asked.
That was the only part of the scene Sherlock was going to have any word on and he didn't want to make it harder on the detective by staring at him as he inspected the collection of implements John had brought. A little semblance of control on the situation was all some subs needed, especially at the beginning, he had only made sure to remove any implement that would resemble a cane, given Sherlock's recent experience, and had left him with an otherwise rich range of toys.
“Are you going to punish me?” he asked with a whisper. Donovan's face returned to torment him, her smile as she had seen the effect of her dominant voice and her words had had on him, “Yes, pet” John said “Not because you got angry and yelled, I am glad you told me what was wrong,” he added, “But for cursing at me and pickpocketing Greg.”
“Sherlock!” The Doctor shouted louder as the young man got into the cab.“Where are you going?” he asked holding the door ajar.
John caressed him again for a brief moment, then he let his hand fell again on the now bared cheeks.
John made the strap fall a few more times, he did not decrease his force, as much as delightfully cruel he knew the punishment was being, he needed to make a point. He could hear Sherlock's contrite cry, desperate for absolution and yet offering each time his backside to the belt, and his arousal filling the air, matching his own.
“I couldn't believe it,” said Victor, sitting in his living room, showing a newspaper article about one of the latest Sherlock's cases, “My old friend, the famous detective” he laughed “quite a leap from pirate”  he added with his sweet smile.
His cock was still soft, already drained by the previous orgasm, but yet cozy arousal blossomed from the pit of his stomach with each stroke that resonated in his bedroom, feeling the hungry gaze of his Dominant pinned on him.
John was pushing, he was aware of that, and something in Sherlock's humiliation delighted him deeply, arousal was starting to blossom deep down in him as he yanked the leash. His sub had to surrender at the idea that he was his, no matter whose eyes might be watching.
“I won't ask you to hurt me” he finally managed to say, his voice was more pinched that he had intended to, his mouth had gone dry.
And now he was feeling as lost and fool as he had felt then, he had to trust someone else to take care of the situation,  over which he clearly had been stripped of any authority or control.
“Because of your savior complex?” Irene teased, smiling. She grabbed her glass of wine, making the sub flinched a bit.
Sherlock frowned, suddenly more awake from the sweet pause the lunch had been, he frowned, he still wanted John's comfort but the voice of the doctor had intrigued his deepest need and had made his heart throb, “Yes, Sir” he answered.
A shiver went down Sherlock's spine, “So, what? You are going to beat me?” he snarled, “Isn't that what your kind loves to do?”, his disgust was evident.
John glared at his own sub, who was at least now laying down as he had left him, the sub's ears were flushing red in either shame or, more likely, anger. He grabbed back the leash that had fallen on the floor.
“This is Will Graham, he’s the best profiler the FBI has” Jack said, sounding like he wanted to justify the man’s strange behaviour with that assertion, and making John suddenly feel a bit of sympathy for that grumpy agent: how many times had he tried to cover Sherlock’s strange behaviour by boasting about his intelligence.
As he pulled it out, the sub whimpered, lost, tensing his pulsing hole around his finger, relieved by the rough presence but yet already missing it.
He had visited Sherlock, undoubtedly to check if he was keeping himself clean, and, as his older brother was concentrated on picking one of the pieces of the Operation game, the detective had been staring at it curiously.
They hadn't stopped at John's house, not that the doctor had expected to, and he had been driven to an opulent office he didn't recognize instead.
The world was filled with subs in need, abused and wounded in many ways, unable to live a healthy relationship anymore, if they even had one in their life, and he had always been the gentle, nurturing kind of Dom.
Sherlock fell asleep in John's arms. The Dom had kissed and praised him until the exhausted sub had let himself slip in dreams.
Sherlock's eyes narrowed, “If you mean if I voluntarily asked to have my freedom taken away by a random idiot for a quite short moment of alleged sexual pleasure,” Sherlock spatted, “then no, it strangely never occurred to me to do so”, a cold smile appeared on his face.
“Put your hands behind your head, Sherlock,” John commanded, “I wouldn't like you to hurt them more than they are already.”
Like any other of his punishment it didn't need to last long, after less than twenty strikes he could see Mycroft's legs relax, tears and saliva mixing were forming drops and then falling on the floor in front of the sub: he was gone, accepted his punishment and submitted, his cock had gone hard and erected, now showing obscenely below the trestle surface.
John was sitting on the couch, Sherlock was standing awkwardly in front of him.
This has been the more difficult chapter to write so far for me, please let me know what do you think about it if it is too confused or what, I like to do time jumps, and I did a lot in this chapter because some of it was basically the plot of the first episode, I didn't want to bore you writing poorly something you had seen already. Also, I kinda suck to express my own emotion, so I hope the emotions of these two didn't turn out to be forced.
Sherlock frowned at the order, the idea of his tall body clumsily crawling around was humiliating and unnecessarily uncomfortable, he thought about arguing, but the spell that John had going building on him didn't let his mouth open. He just stared with a meaningful glare that was easily translatable in 'Screw you, I won't'.
His eyes had sharpened, he wasn't hearing John giving both of their orders to the waiter. He stood up, grabbed the Dom's hand without a word, and he ran out of the restaurant in the cold air of the evening. “What?” John was barely able to say, “The cab” was the only answer Sherlock gave.
“I don't like to repeat myself, boy,” John said, “Open your mouth, now” the Dom ordered for the second time. Sherlock's whole body had shaken in refusal, but he finally managed to open his mouth.
And with that, Sherlock started to pile the many things that were lying abandoned on the floor, old case notes, spam mail, discarded experiments, and other things whose existence he had completely forgotten. John stood just behind him, watching him closely as he tide up, still holding the wooden paddle that Sherlock, with his own disgust, was now finding quite tempting. The effect of the penance for his first infraction had been fading, the sweet warmth had abandoned his skin and the craving for a little more was already rising.
He then changed expression, smiling at John, “You know, I am an expert on dealing with the Holmes,” he said cordially, “We could have our little support group.”
He had noticed the collar his old friend was showing on his neck, and along with it, the bruises and wounds he was hiding below his clothes.
John put the plug on the table, Sherlock frowned at how little the object was in reality, it had felt enormous, he thought.
John looked at him, quite dazed, he cleared his voice, but Sherlock spoke before he could, “You know,” he started, opening his eyes, “My brother has enough power to throw half of the world in a nuclear holocaust,” he said, his voice was profound, “Yet, his Dom texts him to remember him he is not allowed to touch himself every time he goes on a business trip” he considered, there was no mocking in his tone.
Without a word, Sherlock went to the front door, he seemed to search for something in the little bowl just near the flat entrance. He returned with a pair of keys in his hand, he knelt in front of John again and offered him the keys. John looked at him confused, “So you won't have to wait outside next time” Sherlock said simply, “You basically live here already, anyway” he added.
John had left Sherlock's flat only after he had been sure the sub had completely returned to be himself again.
The “perfect sub”, as Sherlock called him mockingly, was actually a good description, he had never been a bratty sub, he didn't enjoy provoking his Dominants with the purpose of earning punishments.
Hello everyone, hope you are doing fine. Sorry if updates go by fits and starts, I'm trying to finish my major eventually and so I am taking so many exams I rarely have a break to write something.
Sherlock narrowed his eyes, scrutinizing the Dom for a brief moment. The water was pleasantly warm, and the flowering scent was making him a little sleepy again as John bathed his body. The pain from his previous spanking was gone and he could feel vaguely the mild burning in his hole being soothed by the water, washing away the stickiness of the dried lube and semen.
“Heel, Sherlock!” John barked, he had not raised his voice before.
A coarse jute rope scratched his wrists, securing them together, stretching his arms towards the bed frame. He heard the ropes running through the bed's bars, and the tension holding him in place as Greg tied him to the bed.
And he did, quietly wanting to beg John for forgiveness for his involuntary transgression.
John chuckled, “I don't think they do anatomically accurate insects plush toys,” he said, “I just saw you had a lot of books on bee behavior and thought you would like it”.
In general, it was important to let subs in training some free time, to cool down and to not get too overwhelmed with a suddenly constant relationship, in Sherlock's case, John was sure it was vital, as much as a gradual approach to things. He had added just a few more rules, like bedtime and the recommendation to eat, ensuring that failing to do so will have consequences. Sherlock had at first rolled his eyes, then blushed at the threat, and, at John's request, he had murmured a “Yes, sir”.
He had come in the sub's flat early in the morning, not surprised to find Sherlock kneeling on a pillow in the center of the living room, as he had been told to.
Mycroft struggled with the cuffs as he was opened as Greg started to fuck him with unmerciful force, he heard his own scream of grateful pain, and then the air was missing and the scream suffocated, becoming just desperate gasps.
“I would stop, there is no use,” Mycroft said, entering the hospital room, glaring at Sherlock struggling with the cuffs. He was holding a plastic cup. Sherlock wondered how much time he had been lying unconscious on the bed to get his brother to surrender and get a coffee from a hospital machine.
He had seen with exquisite satisfaction the doms fell, one by one, their faces had all passed from shock to rage to red shame, and, finally, they had left, immediately or after throwing a little scene.
Greg came inside him with a grunt, and he was still panting as he opened the cuffs holding Mycroft.
Sorry, I feel actually bad for not updating for so long, so I decided fuck my writing block so here there is a double update, hope you like where this is going.
He felt John's hand caressing the warm, in gentle circles, then grabbing his pajamas elastic.
He let John lowering his trousers again, and he was surprised when the Dom started caressing his deeply bruising skin with a perfumed cream.
As always, suggestions and requests are welcome.
Sherlock clasped his hands behind his head and he straightened his spine, he looked at John with rage as his ear, finally released, was throbbing painfully.
The sub was looking ashamed at his cock, red and swollen through the metal bars.
He knew that it was common practice to reproach gifts but he had rarely received ones. His brother and him agreed with the fact it was a quite boring task, so, except the times when Sherlock found something that would annoy him, they tended to not exchange gifts of any kind.
He could hear Sherlock's whimpers, muffled by the couch pillow he had buried his face in, pleading quietly with those suave sounds as John gradually turned the blows more and more intense and closed together, hitting repeatedly the same spots just above the tenderly sensitive curve.
“Honestly, Sherlock, it never occurred to me you might be that stupid”, Mycroft said casually, stirring his coffee “What other outcome were you exactly expecting to archive, ignoring your more natural needs, lying”, the older brother continued, “No wonder you ended up tied on a hospital bed”.
He had thought to handle the situation in a rational way, to not get too involved, to simply get his way with sharp deductions that inevitably would disarm the guy, to scare him off as it always has done.
If you have suggestions, don't forget to write them in the comments, I'm always done to explore kinks!
Sherlock had been moving, shifting forward, away from the blows but always returning back, silently wanting for more despite the burn, John didn't reprimand him, silently enjoying seeing the sub fighting between pleasure and pain.
“It's about cleaning to please me, Sherlock” John suggested with a mellow tone, “And I will make sure to make it interesting even for you” he added grinning.
In the meantime, I let you with Sherlock and John's very first meeting.  Hope you like it.
As the Dominants started to chat, about those dull things people like to chat about when they still have to know each other better, like their jobs, education, and other rather boring conventional topics, Mycroft observed Sherlock, who was avoiding at all costs his eyes.
“Sir,” Sherlock said, almost stumbling on the address,  a bit dazed from John's silent reproach, “This is Mrs. Hudson, my landlady” he did the formalities with clear annoyance.
Darkness fell on Sherlock's eyes as John put him a blindfold.
They watched the television, John making sure to comfort Sherlock, to caressing him while he watched, Sherlock looked distracted, snuggling occasionally against him while hugging his toy, inhaling John's scent deeply.
The owner seemed to not care to investigate the matter further, he got closer to John “He saved my life, you know?” he said, “You are a lucky man” he smiled widely.
He had made clear to Greg, as he had invited him and his sub over, that this wasn't a formal meeting, Sherlock wasn't clearly ready to deal with the complicated dance the etiquette of that would require, but rather an informal friends reunion, to assure them both that the detective was doing fine and actually making progress.
John wouldn't punish him in front of others, would he? Not in front of his brother, please, Sherlock thought. Panic started to clench his heart, as guilt crept on the back of his neck, “I am sorry, sir” he tried, sounding as contrite as possible.
Sherlock bit his lips, trying not to let his anger showing up again, he met quite defiantly John's eyes, “Please, Sir, may I be punished?” he said, more as a dare than the contrite plead he had had before.
His legs had started to go numb again, and so were his arms. John wasn't looking at him anymore, deliberately ignoring the kneeling sub.
“Let's try again, and be more focused this time.”
John seemed to reflect a bit, taking pleasure in the impatient trepidation that his pause had caused on the sub, waiting worryingly, as he would refuse, maybe even mock his request “Are you going to behave?” he asked, danger permeating his tone.
A metallic cold object took John's fingers place. The contact, so different and sudden, made Sherlock almost jump again, partially waking up from the state of bliss he had fallen into. He felt his hole opening, forcefully in a vaguely aching way, he grunted. He could feel his muscles trying, out of his control, to expel the object, but John pushed it deeply in him, giving him the last spark of blessed throb before the plug finally settled.
They stayed in bed for a while, John caressing in slow half-sleeping movements Sherlock's skin. The doctor had woken with an erection that had been pressing against the detective's thighs, the lack of comments by the Dom suggested it was usual for him.
“That was rude, Will” Hannibal observed, not even trying to hide his amusement. Will Graham was sitting in front of him, in his study, like he used to do at the time they’d just met, and, despite their relationship had grown far from being objective and professional, like it was supposed to be, they still liked to chat as in therapy. “He was rude to me first,” Will answered, smiling back, knowing how childish that was. “He didn’t come here to catch the Chesapeake Ripper,” he said then, turning serious and averting his eyes from Hannibal, “he came to catch me” he stated.
Will had all of sudden changed his posture, moving his eyes quickly far away from the strangers, while his body closed more in itself.
“Because he is a Dom?” Sherlock asked, his voice for a second returning cold,  “No, because he is a good person who cares deeply about you and he doesn't deserve that” John reproached, “You can pickpocket that Donovan any time you want” he added.
When the crop fell, Sherlock screamed. John had started with a minimum momentum, caressing his white skin with the end of it for a brief moment after the first blow, before giving him another on the other cheek.
He could see Sherlock shifting,  he heard the gasps that the sub left out as the plug moved, his head bending showing his pale neck beneath the messy black curls. It was a beautiful picture indeed. Sherlock had been in abstinence for all his life, it shouldn't really surprise him that he would react so intensely to even the lightest scene, yet that response had touched John's darker and deepest chord.
Sherlock looked hurt, his teary eyes, slowly falling in subspace, looked at him for a split second before actually returning to the humiliating position. He bent his back, exposing his ass again, red with wide stripes.
Was this a test of patience?
Sherlock at that seemed to return completely to reality, he sunk to his knees, “I'm sorry, Sir” he whispered, “Time passes differently there” he explained.
“You would think times are changed now,” he continued, “But I see people every day, they behave like nobody is there, I hear their conversations, see their half-hidden gestures,” he commented, “And guess what? Subs are still subs,” he smiled,  “You have no life ahead Sherlock,” his tone had gone dark, “They will trick you, eventually, they will bend you, and what's worse, you will like it,” he said, opening the tube he was holding in his hand.
The Dom was feeding him with chocolate cake and kissing him tenderly.
“What do you think?” Greg answered with a malicious smile.
That made Sherlock's pupils grow bigger, he felt cold needles tingling on his face, his breath was starting to stumble again, not from rage but excitement. He leaned against John's hand.
John pulled his ear down, forcing him to his knees, “We are not playing, Sherlock” the doctor said, “Heel” he commanded sharply.
“I thought we had covered the part where you talk to me with respect, boy,” he said, his voice was so low that it almost scared the sub “And on how you are supposed to greet me,” he scolded sternly, “Now, please, tell me what is bothering you.”
After what seemed like an eternity, so gray and cozy in John's arms, Sherlock was left in the kitchen.
He then stepped back, almost struggling to separate himself from touching that soft, deliciously sensitive skin and the purrs his touch caused in Sherlock. He rose his arm once again, all the way up, and then it left it to fall. The belt cracked deafening on Sherlock's backside, the sub shrieked.
Sherlock shrugged a little. “For a lack of better labels, that seemed to fit pretty well” he answered dryly.
“You may, my beautiful boy” he whispered, and Sherlock did, a powerful load wet his belly with tepid liquid, as the last powerful convulsion finally made his whole body collapse on John's knee.
Sherlock blushed violently looking away.
Sherlock scoffed. “Not as much as yours, Mister Graham,” he said. “Pure empathy, that’s an imaginative diagnosis” the detective commented then, walking among the corpses, observing them one by one with interest.
John exploded “Then why? Why would you kill yourself, enlighten me please,” the doctor said sarcastically and shaken with rage.
My Domme told me she would punish Mycroft for being mean to Sherlock and John, so here we go.
He secured the belt around his hand and without losing time on giving Sherlock any comfort, he rose his arm and let the belt fall heavily on his sub's curve.
The sound of the cane cutting the air made his muscle go rigid with anticipation, the cold line of fire bit his thighs.  Greg caressed the line he had just left, “I don't like to be disobeyed or mocked, you should know that by now” he said sternly as he lifted his arm again and let the cane fall on Mycroft's shaking flesh once again.
Part of him wanted to disobey, to worm his way out the spanking he had asked to receive, sure that the only reason he had asked it in the first place was that John had so stubbornly decided they had to play a scene. He had complained, unsuccessfully, a voice in his brain had begged him to accept the offer and feel grateful for it, reminding him the powerful pleasure of the crop, how he had come under it, the liberation he had felt even during punishments, the lifting clarity and calm he had felt afterwards. He had wanted to drown that little voice so badly.
As the lunch went on, peacefully, Sherlock could feel himself floating again a bit, his eyes had gone bigger every time John had smiled at him as he took the food from him, and as his legs went numb from kneeling. He had started taking deep breaths in the doctor's trousers, craving for more, melting and licking with more lust the fingers that were feeding him.
John rolled his eyes, “Waiting for what? Do you really think the killer will just knock at your door?” he asked.  Sherlock smiled and looked at him for a brief moment, “Well, that would be disappointing” he commented, “I hope he is smarter than that, given his work.”
Victor had tried to hide the signs of the abuse, avoiding to talk about his collar and to whom it belonged, but Sherlock had inevitably found out.
John observed him sternly, but so far Sherlock hadn't failed to welcome him as it was appropriate, except that one time, so he doubted the sub had any ill intentions in his mistake. He caressed Sherlock's bowed head, “It's okay, pet” he assured him, his annoyance completely gone "I was worried, that's all".
He had started sleeping at Sherlock's flat more and more frequently, as their scenes became more intense and long, and they would have breakfast together the morning after.
The DI grinned, teasing his little sub, so needy and impatient, he rubbed him, feeling his hole slowly relaxing around his fingers while he entered and went deep in him for then pulling them out, bringing weak moans of protest. He took the silicon plug he had left beside him, pushing it first with delicacy then with force inside Mycroft, who this time let a grunt of clear disappointment.
Sorry, hope you like it anyway, it's the continuation of the last chapter.
John made Sherlock repeat the same exercise a couple of times. The sub's grudge had gone fading, he sheepishly obeyed at John's same commands over and over, sucking his fingers when asked to, and stopped when asked to, and repeated again, meeting John's eyes with an increasing plea.
John brought the strap up again and the strap fell, full force, on the already tenderly red skin.
I really like to receive suggestions and requests, so please let me know anything you like or dislike.
John swallowed the pill with a sip of water from the sink, then he washed the sweat from his face. His breathing had been going more and more regular, despite he could still feel the pain in his chest.
“So, I would like to offer you a deal that I'm sure it would be beneficial for both,” he said, “I will give you a quite important raise on your paycheck, and in return, as an extra, I would ask you to send me detailed reports on Sherlock's training.”
“Come with me,” the Dom ordered suddenly stopping his light touch. He stood up and, as Sherlock made to stand up too, John stopped him “Crawl, boy” he said sharply “I don't recall to have told you you to get on your feet”.
It wasn't punishment, the Dom had assured him, this was play.
It was vaguely arousing, if anything, the idea that he had accepted to be owned, that he had asked for it, and that now he belonged to John, “You are mine, now” the doctor's possessive low yet sweet voice was still sounding vivid in his head.
After a moment of silence, examining the bluish hands of a horrible disfigured dark-haired woman “So how do you do it?” Sherlock asked suddenly. Will frowned.
The sub hands were trembling as he reached for his own buckle, he made the leather run through the belt loops, he folded it in half before handing it with both hands and head bowed to his Dom.
“These are Sherlock Holmes and John Watson,” Jack said sighing loudly before continuing “they are amateur detectives from London who are interested in our cases,” he said. The doctor glared at Sherlock, waiting for his reaction, but Sherlock didn’t seem to have heard any of it, his eyes were looking intensely at Will.
He opened his eyes, moved his head aside, still holding tightly his Dom, and saw the crop John had left on the coffee table.
He was feeling guilty despite a voice in his head was pointing out the Doctor was the one who had asked him to be cruelly humiliated after he had been so good and compliant for him.
The Dom arousal had gone building, a transparent strand of drool was falling from Sherlock's mouth and the sub was sucking with thirst his fingers that had lost sensibility a while ago.
“I'm sorry, baby brother, if I seemed I was mocking you,” Mycroft suddenly said, “I was just satisfied to see my investment is going so well” he was smiling broadly, smugging “I'm just sorry we didn't found you sooner, Doctor Watson” he added, “you clearly are who he needs."
John grabbed his hand as he stood up, squeezing it with tender force. He raised Sherlock's chin with the other, the sub met his eyes, wildly wide pupils, black against the icy color looked in the Doctor's kind eyes. He kissed his forehead, and, as the sub offered them, his lips, biting them tenderly.
“You mean on us, baby brother” Mycroft corrected, he was looking at his coffee with disgust and the satisfied look had returned on his face.
Greg Lestrade and two agents stormed into the flat, “Where is it, Sherlock?” the DI yelled immediately, glaring only for a short moment the doctor.
“Sherlock Holmes” the man repeated “I’ve heard about you, you’re considered the best detective in the world” he stated, still looking away “your methods are considered quite peculiar”
John had nodded, he had left the sub kneeling in the living room. Sherlock had started to fall in the sweet guilt he felt when he was in trouble, knowing that soon forgiveness will come, that he would earn it, through hot pain and tears.
The sub's eyes were cast down, looking uncomfortably at his slender body. He had never liked it much, its angular figures and the way too pale skin, his long arms and legs weren't elegant at his eyes, resembling a scarecrow, and he had never felt particularly at ease naked. His body was only an unwanted weight to his intellect, always slowing him down with its annoyingly constant needs.
“Donovan insulted me at the crime scene,” he said instead, “And Lestrade defended me” he explained, his tone had gone weakening.
“Now, put your hands behind your back,” the Dom ordered and again Sherlock obeyed,  “Perfect” he praised.
“Come here,” John said, tapping his knee, gently and calmly. Sherlock blushed violently.
The sound was quite different, flesh against flesh, more sharp and deafening. The sub let out a suffocated groan.
“Why do you drink it if you don't like its actual taste?” Sherlock asked. John shrugged, “I like it sweet, without sugar and milk it tastes like burned ass” he answered. Sherlock laughed out loud.
Sherlock's rage seemed to dissipate a bit but he was still glaring daringly at John.
Sherlock's mouth clenched in a thin line at the last word, but the Dom seemed to ignore it.
John hadn't heard the car approaching him. It stopped just next to him, the windows had buzzed open. A woman on the back seat had asked him if he wanted a ride, “Wouldn't that be better, considering your leg, Doctor Watson?” she had said smiling.
“Please sir,” Sherlock panted, trembling in the electric painfully pleasure, “I'm so close” he pleaded, biting the cushion, “Please,” he repeated as John again, cruelly deaf to his begging, hit him again, “Please, sir, may I come” the sub managed to let out, loudly that he had intended, almost screaming as John stopped the spanking and started to stroke his cock with increasing pace, blessed by Sherlock's shiverings, as the sub tried not to come without permission, to be his good boy.
John's hand was still around his cock, every blow would make the sub's body move, stroking him with shivering pleasure as he moved around his hand.
“Why are we here, Sherlock?” John asked, looking distractedly at the list, “Waiting” the detective answered, still looking out of the window.
He gave Sherlock's a few blows on his sitting spot, where the flesh was tenderly sensitive and the detective finally broke out, “Please, please, please” he repeated, confusingly. John let the crop caressing him, stroking him beneath the curve of his cheeks, stopping his torture for a moment, and at the same teasing cruelly, “Please what?” he asked, his tone had gone deep, predatory.
His fingers had started to go loose, they slipped a bit. The sub immediately returned them into the position. He could feel the sweat wetting warm the gauze that still wrapped his hands, it had been a miracle he had managed to not break his fingers, he had thought, he had been lucky to not lose his fine coordination for his job.
Before John could say anything else, his sub ran across the street, ignoring the car that almost hit him, a sharp curse was left out from the driver, “Sorry,” John yelled as he ran following Sherlock.
He brought the next blows without pause, raising his arms and giving full momentum. Sherlock's desperate shrieks were tingling his ears, inebriating him, touching his deepest soul. Even if he had to teach Sherlock about keeping positions eventually, he enjoyed his struggles so much, seeing his body fighting between the pain and the desire for more was an amazing ballet, that sight alone was able to make him hard.
John's collar was wide, quite more evident than many, it covered a big part of his neck. Real leather, not an artificial one, possibly one of the more expensive things John possessed, handmade finely. Strangely it seemed quite new, usually, Dominants had only a collar, and John had been a trainer for quite some time, maybe he didn't give it to just any sub he trained?
His strings extended all over the country and even beyond it, in total anonymity, and the price for that had just been to kneel for a few hours and looking sorry when reprimanded and whipped by some well-paid disciplinarian.
Not even giving John the time to reply, Sherlock ran out of the line, and a beat after the doctor followed him. With his decisive walk, the detective passed in front of everyone, while people started complaining, John muttered a repeated apology, Sherlock finally arrived at the desk on the opposite side of the room.
“I'm glad my close to death experience served you as a pick-up excuse” he had suddenly commented on a crime scene, months after that night. Greg looked at him shocked, “Excuse me?” he managed to say after a brief pause.
The doctor looked at him, so peacefully sleeping, snuggling deep in John's chest like showering in his scent. His own arousal had gone softening, even if he had wanted to fuck Sherlock's bruised flesh so much it had ached as the sub had been trembling around his hand stroking his oversensitive cock, he knew that would have been too soon, that it would probably overwhelm him.
John had to fight to not get himself lost, he had started to give a quite decent momentum, it would bruise, he thought, it would mark Sherlock as his and his alone, he would feel his hand on him constantly for days, quietly smarting but constant.
As for the others, he rarely returned the favor or even cared to open them, deducting coldly he didn't want them before throwing them in the trash.
Mycroft had wear a lock in his collar, once, a long time ago.
Lavender, the detective noted, the cream was soothing the sting a bit, the Dom’s soft-touch grabbing his cheeks reassured him and aroused him. He buried his head into John’s arm, trying to fit as much as possible in the Doctor’s lap.
Again John’s mind took some time to react, standing right out of the cab “Maryland?” He asked, “as in, like, the USA, Maryland?”
Sherlock looked at him as if he had as if acknowledging the doctor’s presence for the first time, “Maryland” the detective answered, returning his eyes to his phone, typing fast on the keyboard, while making room to John leaving him the seat on the backseat.
Sherlock let himself be petted, John's fingers passing through his hair was soothing, despite he didn't want to, he leaned against the touch.
“Everything is alright, pet” the Dom had told him, caressing his thin hair delicately, “I'll take care of you.”
Working with submissives as broken as him helped him, but at the same time he had never grown so attached to any of them, he cared about them deeply, obviously, he had protected them, guided them, but every time they used to have a shared goal: get better so to be suitable to find someone else to have a true relationship with.
John had kept hugging him, he sure cuddled a lot, a thing that Sherlock had discovered he liked. The sub embraced the nearby pillow on the couch, hugging it as a child would with his favorite toy while curling up in the Dom's lap.
Sherlock had gone missing hours ago, he had sneaked out, running through the fingers of the man who was supposed to take care of him.
He took the leather leash from Mycroft's mouth, caressing his cheek as he did so, the sub leaned against his hand, desperate for contact. The click of the leash attaching to his black collar sounded like freedom, and he accepted it, closing his eyes and inhaling deeply.
The day after John had brought him a gift, “I just saw it and thought about you” he had said simply, offering Sherlock, who had been kneeling like a good boy at the Dom's entrance, a plastic shop bag.
“Oh, have mercy” Sherlock snarled, “You are just happy you were right, you never accepted the idea I was considered more capable to look after myself than you” he spatted, pointing with his eyes to the collar Mycroft was wearing.
Sherlock's head was resting on John's lap, he was hugging the plushie bee tightly, John would kiss him occasionally and he was massaging Sherlock's arms, still a bit achy from the rope. With the detective's disappointment, it hadn't left any marks, only a slightly red line around his wrists, that wouldn't last long. On the other hand the clamps, that Sherlock had added without any doubt to the punishment-only list, had left his nipples unpleasantly sore and with marks on them.
As always, please leave comments and suggestions, they really inspire me to continue,
Refusing to obey or straightforward insults were strangely perceived by the Doms as an invitation to do a better job instead of an invitation to piss off, they would bark orders and reprimands at him with evident satisfaction.
He once again pulled his hand away from him, Sherlock licked his lips, succumbed at the idea, and waiting to repeat the same task, but John grabbed his head instead.
Sherlock's whole body reacted immediately, before he could even think about continuing his stubborn refusal, his hands went to his head and his back straightened up, ignoring the fact he was exposing his naked body doing so.  He breathed deeply, as John had taught him yesterday, his head slowly returning to the calm of before, a new emotion he wasn't used to raising instead of anger.
“I don’t understand this newsfeed,” John said that last word disdainfully “It's mostly garbage, Sherlock” he finally proclaimed. The detective smirked, with that little patronising scoff that, as usual, made John roll his eyes “There is some truth in them and, more notably, an interesting one” the detective said enigmatically, John glared at him, irritated.
The sub has started to shave a few days ago. When he had realized John's taste for smooth skin, he had done it and then, without a word, he had presented himself naked, kneeling as usual as the Doctor came into the apartment for his training, as a present, with a satisfied and naughty grin on his face.
He had disobeyed though.
As he had gone to the spot John had cast him to, he had started to feel little and lost.
He took Sherlock's chin, forcing him once again to face him. His eyes were clouded, his pupil big in contrast with his iris' icy colour, the doctor could feel his heart pumping fast, “Stand up,” he commanded, with no severity in his tone, just liquid pure pleasure that almost melted Sherlock.
John's resent seemed to dissipate and he smiled, “You mean you are far from subspace,” he said, “I don't think you will be for long” he added with a malicious tone.
John cleared his voice, breaking the staring contest between the two kneeling subs.
John smiled widely, finally, the real intentions of the man had been revealed, “I'm sorry to disappoint you,” he said, mimicking with way too much satisfaction Mycroft's over polite tone, “but my privacy policy is pretty clear: Sherlock is in therapy, and I won't share the details of his progress without his consent, not even with you.”
John watched as Sherlock took every bite from his fingers, chewing slowly and swallowing for then let his forehead leaning against the doctor's knee. The Dom's mind was lingering in the thought he was nurturing his boy, that his most primal need was in his hands, and he caressed every time Sherlock's lips, as in silent praise for letting himself be taken care of.
Greg didn't pause to brush him with the implement of his torment this time, he kept going, faster and faster on the same spot, turning his thighs in a numb and undefined burnt and filling his cock with arousal as he felt his flesh undoubtedly bruising deeply and sobs starting to strangle his throat.
The Dom's hand stroke his cock, sending shivering sparkles to his whole body that made him trembling and raising his head in shock.
“Where is your dear owner, brother?  Playing to be a detective somewhere? I would never have guessed his leash could extend enough to let you all by yourself” he mocked, smiling cruelly. His words, however, didn't seem to impress his brother, who just walked across the room and sat on the plastic chair next to Sherlock's bed.
He had thought about calling John, to ask him with a petty excuse to come along, the fact that he didn't work well with the coroner wasn't even a lie, but then he discharged the idea, laughing at how ridiculous he was, behaving like a clingy child.
Sherlock was barely hearing the blows anymore, his concentration was on the pain now very present on his backside. The groans had built up in volume as the now burning warmth had.
He left his legs dangling, even if he was obviously tall enough to reach the floor, his hands were clasped behind his back, as John had left him. He could hear vaguely the conversation that was continuing in the living room, but he didn't really listen to them, too busy lingering in the idea that he somehow had lost the privilege to stay with the others, that he had been judged as a bratty boy unable to behave properly.
The detective had started to feel full shortly after a few bites, he wasn't really used to get proper meals, he fasted during cases and usually forget to eat the rest of the time, it was a boring chore to him in which he didn't really put much effort into.
When John had left, the day before, Sherlock had watched himself in the mirror. Light pink color and delicate traces of bruises forming were the only leftovers of his first punishment. Surprisingly the detective couldn't find in himself any grudge against the doctor, only a new wave of arousal at the idea he had been somehow marked by his hand.
He muttered a course.
“Crawl to the corner, Sherlock, face the wall and stay” John ordered pointing with the crop to the far corner of the room.
“Very good, my boy” John praised, finally letting him go.
At that, the sub lost it, he grabbed the leash and pulled it with all force, forcing it from John's fingers. “What the hell do you think you are doing?” John finally thundered, grabbing Sherlock by one of the rings of his collar and meeting with angry eyes his sub's glare. The rage Sherlock had felt deflated suddenly, realizing how incredibly easy he had made for his brother to accomplish what he wanted. He sank on his knees, bowing his head deeply,  John forced his forehead against the ground grabbing him by the curls.
“Stop,” John commanded, Sherlock sucked him the last time briefly licking with delicate force the skin that had gone wrinkling, before letting him go, with a facade of innocence that John wanted to destroy.
John stood up, looking at him sternly and that alone smoothed Sherlock's rage a bit.
The detective's whole attention was focused entirely on what was going on, he didn't feel pain, just the coldness of the lube quickly fading and John's fingers stroking him intimately, entering and exiting with growing pace his hole. It was weirdly pleasant, the friction had started to burn him, a warmth he hadn't ever felt before, pleasant and punitive at the same time, raising his arousal in a frustrating way.
“Sherlock,” Greg whispered, looking embarrassed at the few glares people around were giving them, “that's not what happened,” he said, “And I want you to know that my intentions towards your submissive brother are completely serious” he added in an apologetic tone.
John was watching him, sitting on the couch, he had made sure to check the hour when Sherlock had finally reached the corner.
The sub's pale skin showing was an inebriating scene,  his black collar contrasted delightfully with his neck's colour. He was covering his crotch with his hands, clearly uneasy, still far from subspace, despite his pupils had gone wider at John's words.
“Keep the legs a bit more apart,” John said, guiding the movement with his walking stick, probably seeing Sherlock's discomfort.
He looked himself in the mirror, his eyes were tired but his skin had a healthy colour, the profound eye bags that used to mark his face were mitigated, his cheeks tidily shaved, his hand had been barely trembling anymore and only sometimes. He hadn't looked like he used to, before the war, before that bullet had forced him to face his own mortality, in a long time.
“Because it helps me and I honestly find it relaxing,” John said.
A hand clenched around his collar, forcing him to stand and guiding him over the soft bed, he walked on his knee over the sheets.
When the Dom touched him, caressing his thighs in gentle circles with the wooden paddle he had picked, the sub leaned forward, exposing his backside arching his spine. The paddle was cold against his skin, he craved it.
The Dom draw another circle on the reddening flesh before letting another blow fall, on the same spot, looking the cheeks tremble and the muscles tensing, and the second screams of pain fell deep in him.
When John stopped, his arm was aching a bit, Sherlock was trembling, and even after he heard the Dom putting the belt down, he stayed still, returning in position, fighting the hiccups that were shaking him from the inside.
His neck had slowly bent, his eyes had passed from the wallpaper to the wooden baseboard as if his entire body wanted to become little and miserable as he fantasized to be.
Sherlock moaned loudly, “Please, I'm sorry,” he said, panting for air not sure for what he was sorry for and wanting to get up, but the doctor's hand pushed him down again. “Laid still, boy, I'm not quite finished with you yet” he scolded, and, even before Sherlock could return to his position, a new blow fell on his burning backside.
But what now? He stared at the bookshelf in front of him, What would John like? He kept asking himself.
The Dom had grabbed his mandible, tightly, forcing the sub's mouth to open enough for the soap to enter. Sherlock immediately gagged as his tongue instinctively licked the foreign object, his body urged him to spit it out, “Don't you dare, boy” John growled as if reading his mind, grabbing for a brief moment Sherlock's curls.
He had always avoided sleeping in the same bed with them, he would cuddle them asleep after scenes, and then force himself to not slip too much deep in dreams, focusing on the constant pain of his leg with his eyes shouted open in the darkness. It helped, sadly, that most of them were as traumatized as he was, that they would wake up in panic often, giving John a reason to stand up and guard them.
The view of the submissive, going deeper and deeper in that gray state of mind, bending to his requests, and giving his obedience was hard to ignore. He would have liked to make a point of not watching at him, the deliberate lack of attention was the real core of this kind of punishment after all, but his glare would constantly drove back to the sub.
“Not for a reason so dull as suicide, if that is what concerns you” the detective answered plain.
As the cane fell, the sub finally cried out, Greg hadn't stopped to brush the now white lines he was leaving on the trembling skin and he was giving wide open strikes with the senior cane, tapping twice the skin just below the curve of Mycroft's thighs before throwing the blow on his cheeks.
“Please, sir, take it out,” Sherlock begged, biting his lips as John kept toying with the metallic thing, “I'll be good, I promise” he wasn't sure he wanted to be heard or if he wanted John to say no to torture him a bit more.
“I don't get it” Sherlock commented, “Even Lestrade should know you are perfectly able to picklock it in a few seconds, so what's the point.”
John looked at it frowning, “Sherlock, why is the teapot ringing?” he asked, that was quite a new sentence, he guessed.
“I’m just able to understand how people’s mind work, I see what others see, borrowing their eyes” Will said, smiling weakly.
“Hello?” the young man repeated “Since when do we start a conversation with ‘hello’?” the older man’s smile got wider “I just wanted to make sure you behaved, baby brother” Mycroft said “American authorities, especially the FBI, need some consideration,” the calm voice said “they tend to be–” Mycroft stopped, searching for the right and less offensive word he could say, “prickly”. Sherlock sighed loudly, the older brother ignored him “Remember you are representing your country there” Sherlock frowned “I work as private” the detective remarked, “I’m not representing you, don’t worry”.
Finally, as he arrived in front of the familiar wooden door. John cursed his bad luck again as his keys fell from his hands leaving the bags to drop to the floor with a sigh, the Doctor crouched to take his keys.
“It wouldn't be very professional to let my own tastes influence your training, would it?” he said with a malicious grin, pulling the boy's hair once more before letting him go.
John smiled widely, those words falling deeply in him, filling his cock. He bent, reaching for Sherlock's ear, “Come for me, then” he whispered, and the sub did, collapsing flat on the table.
John reminded Sherlock's laugh as he had retrieved his walking stick, long forgotten in the restaurant after they had avoided the police that the tourist had called. Sherlock, despite the disappointment of the run, had been shining. He had continued his deductions, talking so fast John struggled to understand him, yet he hadn't missed to address him as his Sir.
And now he was kneeling in front of him, still quite stroked by the sudden change of strategy he clearly had to take. John had explained him this was a pretty simple exercise about positions, Sherlock hadn't heard much else, making a point on not listening.
Sherlock cried out, his knees crumbled again and this time his back straightened up, standing up.
“Ask me to be punished, Sherlock.”
The perfumed steam stroke him, cuddling him, the bathtub he had never used if not for some particularly messy experiments was filled with white bubbles. John invited him to enter in it, and Sherlock did, sitting awkwardly in the warm water. It was a bit too little for him, he couldn't really lay down in it, so his legs were bent and his knees almost touching his chest.
He whimpered in a complaint but yet his back arched searching for the crop, exposing his marked cheeks in a silent consent and breath-taking trepidation.
The detective, with his hair dripping from the cold shower Greg had forced him in to sober him up, had dismissed the man's worries calling them “A hysterical exaggeration of a simple miscalculation of the dose”. Greg at that point had slapped him with such a rage Sherlock didn't even think the man was capable of.
“You are getting a little greedy, you know that?” Greg said with a forced facade of displeasure at his sub's manners. Mycroft stayed still for a brief moment, conflicted between apologizing or not, “No, I am not” he said instead, his voice ridiculously pinched against the sheets.
“Look, mate, I'm sorry” Greg was continuing his rambling, “We just met a few times while you were in rehabilitation and-” “I don't care, Lestrade” Sherlock cut him off, “I really could not care less” he added.
Despite Sherlock's love for spanking, his fondness for the belt wasn't so deep, as John had soon found out, so they had kept that instrument for real punishments only. Besides, now that they had decided for daily maintenance spanking, the detective had started to crave impact play a bit less, not that he didn't enjoy it anymore, more like that he felt that weird need a bit smoother now.
Greg scoffed, “Here we go again” he murmured. Before John could ask what he meant, the detective continued, “Could you at least try not to feel so good about yourself, or do you want to suffocate us all with the immensity of your inflated ego?” he shouted again, trying to step up on his feet, but John pulled the leash, forcing him back to the ground with a thud.
“What I say is supported by the evidence,” the other man said, turning only for a moment to the taller man, meeting for a second the detective’s eyes “But that’s not the path you follow to get the answers you seek, isn’t it?” Sherlock insisted.
Sherlock heard distantly the moans that were inevitable drove out his mouth, getting louder with every smack. His brain was failing for a change to keep up with the situation, all he could felt was the warm sensation building slowly upon his backside by the second, turning sometimes into pain, his toes were sloping on the wooden floor, occasionally kicking the air to fall again on the ground.
Hope you like a bit of smut.
It was very different from John's hand, the sting started cold, letting his skin numb, and then fire raised in a thin line and burn in the spot where the extremity had landed.
The woman suddenly returned to look at them, still holding the phone “it’s for you, sir” she said, in a surprised tone. John let him go, rubbing his eyes, wondering if it wasn’t too late to just go back to London and take a holiday from all of this “he has both of our numbers, why does he have to show off every damned time” he murmured to himself, while Sherlock, almost proud, went back to the desk with a smirk and took the phone.
He had always hated the television, it was boring at most and outraging sometimes, dull sentimentalism and unrealistic idiocy, he didn't even know that old piece of electronics worked until John had asked if he wanted to watch a movie together.
“You are not going to therapy anymore, against the Doctor's suggestion” the detective reminded him, “So why are you still writing this?”
Dazed by the profound nap he had, Sherlock let John guide him by holding his hand. The doctor always walked in front of him, a subtle sign of who was in control, the detective guessed, despite the affection with which he interlaced his fingers with his.
The detective was facing away from the door, aware that anyone could easily see his castigated skin, sitting on the same chair where he had been just been punished, the pain on his back came back as he shifted on the seat. He had stopped crying in John's arms, the tears and sobs of true sorrow were long gone, he was sniffing occasionally, pitying himself for his bad behavior and humiliation, imagining, not without a renewed wave of arousal, how he might be looking from the back and if someone was actually looking at him, peeking his punishment.
Panic made the sub's heart fly, he could feel his ears pulsing, the grayness for a moment disappeared again, baring him suddenly of the warmth around him and making him dangerously aware of what John was asking him.
The ceramic teapot pinged.
Sherlock didn't'  delay this time, he didn't stop to think about the flush of gratitude he felt was for something that would end to cause him pain. As he reached the table in clumsy movements, he stared at the crop. John followed him, purposefully slow even if he himself was impatient, he couldn't let the play fall.
“As much as ‘high functioning sociopath’?” Will ask sceptically, finally looking up at the detective now that his striking blue eyes were distracted by the pale corpses.
John, however, hadn't.
Fuck, John was all John could think, while recorded laughs started to play from the television.
John's caressed his burning red cheeks, and then a finger entered in Sherlock's entrance, gradually opening him. The friction of his tight dry hole made the sub grunt with clenched teeth, and as John stroked his cock a few more times with force, it became blissfully hurting.
Being classified as submissive had been a shock for him, and he didn't enjoy being surprised, he had been tempted to ask a second test, but hormones didn't lie, he was a sub, a sub that as far as he could remember had always enjoyed being in power.
The detective had been shifting in and out from his Mind Palace for some time, unable to stay so long still in a place but not daring to move from the position John had told him to greet him in.
This time the detective had dressed up for John's visit. He unbuttoned quickly his shirt, trying to fight the trembling of his fingers, he thought for a second if it was right to stand up for taking his trousers off, and finally decided that it was.
“Greg is fine, thank you for asking, busy to clean out the mess you get yourself into,” he replied casually, “I'll send him your regards” he added smiling. Sherlock was barely able to keep himself from struggling again against his restrain in frustration. This was going to give his brother material to smug about forever.
Sherlock got up to his feet, “Where are you going?” John yelled behind him, this time actually angry.
“Selfish bastard,” Greg murmured, grabbing his phone.
“Good boy,” John whispered to him gently. The line left by the crop was fading leaving a warm pleasant sensation on Sherlock's skin, soothing him a bit in bliss within John's words.
Sherlock inhale deeply, he wanted to stand up, to kick that man out of his house, but his body refused to move, “Piss off” he hissed instead.
“What are insinuating, boy” John growled.
He could vaguely feel his cock was filling, the unexpected arousal had turned his moans into lustful sounds, interrupted only by the hiccups that were clenching his throat. A little part of his brain, still kind of aware of the situation, was screaming in shame, the rest had subsided in a dream-like state.
While Sherlock weakly fought the two big men lifting his thin body like a doll, Mycroft had given Greg his business card, ordering him to call him sooner next time.
John offered Sherlock a piece of toast with a bit of blueberry jelly, the detective took it, carefully avoiding to touch his fingers with his lips, “You will have to get used to it,” the doctor said, Sherlock looked at him confused, “To act properly even in front of others, I mean” the Dom explained.
John looked down at him, seeing him falling and his words soothed his anger, he let his hand run on his curls, “I don't want to see you getting hurt, Sherlock” he said sweetly, yet sadness permeated his tone “I don't want to lose you” he whispered.
“I always told you that taking only a sub at the time wasn't a good idea” she sighed, “especially for someone who is as addicted to Dom space as you are” she added.
15 unread messages: 'Sherlock, I know it's you, return Greg his phone, immediately. - MH'
And now, there he was, penitent as the worst sinner. He had started sniffing a while ago, as on the verge of tears. That had increased John's arousal, even more, he wanted to caress that hair and pulling them at the same time, to comfort him and punish him more, to comply with Sherlock's desire to be fucked tenderly and powerfully.
Sherlock heard himself letting out noises of complaint and pleasure mixing together, his mouth had opened and he could feel saliva starting to drool from his mouth, his eyes, at first shouted with force, had rolled up. His legs were trembling with electric numbness, melting.
He finished the intricate bond he had made and stopped to admire his own work, the ropes tied the sub's arms from the shoulders to the wrist in a tight tidy ramification. Sherlock was kneeling, the ropes were forcing his back to arc, exposing his muscles and his naked freshly shaved body.
