“So then he started doing something...what did he call it, something about layers...I wasn’t really able to pay attention much at that point, but he was touching me and, I think, maybe scratching me with his nails? But it didn’t hurt, which was weird, it just felt good…”
“What’s that from?”
“A reference to earlier, when you said you hadn’t felt the other orgasm. Never mind, just being clever.”
“No,” he said, panting. “I can take it. It’s a 5.”
He tried stroking a little on one side of the prostate gland.
“Yes yes, Mycroft, thanks ever so much, see you soon, take care of the British government, ta ta,” Sherlock said, hanging up the phone and bending back down to suck the waiting cock in front of him.
“Oh, no no no. We are not listening to this.” He reached for the music player, but Sherlock, who was driving, held it away from him.
“What? No big deal, a big gorgeous building full of ashes. Historical. Let’s go back in, tell me all about the founders of San Francisco, the gay men who died in the name of Reagan’s homophobic policies.” John stood up; Sherlock grabbed his wrist and pulled him back down.
Sherlock stood. It was clear he had overstepped a boundary; now was not the time for discussion or reasoning. He wasn’t sure that he was supposed to leave John in this state—after all, as the Dom, he was supposed to look out for John’s well-being—but John was making his wishes pretty clear, and it seemed that he was quite prepared to back up his request with some pretty powerful mayhem. Sherlock moved through the doorway into his own room and quietly closed the door.
John was a little surprised that she knew the orderlies’ private motto. “Yes ma’am!
“Want to talk about that yet?”
(See the end of the chapter for
“You knew before the first shot hit.”
“I have to go, Johnny. See you in school.” Dreadful Boy opened Johnny’s door and disappeared. Johnny held his own artificial fur together with one hand and stumbled to shut the door; then he sat down in his chair, artificial fur gaping, and gazed off into space. Fawnlock quickly ducked below the window.
, who read this chapter and gives ongoing support, encouragement, and ideas for this story, and thanks to R, who not only listened to a mumbled read-aloud version of this story whilst he was trying to work but also helped me solve a major plot point for upcoming chapters.
More sighs.
The pointing seemed to work. “Faaahn-lock.”
“Fine, no discussion. Then what would you like to do next?” Sherlock was amused to find that he had absolutely no idea what John would say, and he watched him with interest.
Brandi stared up at the yellow trapezoids drawn on the ceiling by the headlamps of passing cars and thought about that.
Sherlock turned to him with a smile, clearly having expected this question.
“Oh John, it was
Sherlock raised an eyebrow.
Fawnlock continues to learn; Lestrade the Librarian also learns something; Johnny is becoming John; and Mycroft solicits help.
: 23 MB /
Johnny finishes his enforced nap. How will he get home?
“This was the first bridge to use moveable safety netting, though eleven workers were still killed in its construction. Men who fell and were saved by the nets called themselves members of the ‘Halfway to Hell’ club.”
Sherlock muses, "Yes, yes, it's a very nice point.”
"Enough. Fucking. Waiting." And Sebastian Moran suddenly has a mouthful of skin and a handful of cock and he listens to his madman of a boss giggle and gasp at the same time.
“We were gonna go to that Rocky Horror screening later, boss. You like it when I dress like Rocky for those.”
He stands watching for several long minutes. John stands beside him, mostly watching Sherlock. He doesn’t notice the bees floating around them until one of them stings him, on the back of his neck.
_ _ _
"I have clothing."
"Oooooh," Jim breathes, "I can't wait to see what a mess it makes of the prissy Mr. Holmes..."
Sherlock turns the crude metal box around in his fingers, looking at it closely. "Obvious button, no obvious muzzle or pathway for a projectile, just a small glass-covered aperture." Sherlock looks up at him, shrugs, then presses the red button.
“I’m going for a walk,” he tells the still thinking Sherlock before he leaves.
"Soon,  soon." Jim busies himself with the object at his desk, a battered metal  box that looks more like a primary school science project than anything  else. He turns to watch Seb button the last of his shirt buttons and  grins.
Bananas and bee swarms is a
Anderson is the first to break. He whirls and runs, sprinting southwest across the park. Donovan, now holding her breath for dear life, snatches the bee box as it falls from Greg’s hands (which are now firmly kneading Molly’s breasts as she attempts to climb him) and runs towards the patrol car. Donovan hurls herself into the car and slams the door behind her, taking gasping breaths and cradling the Queen to her chest.
"Yes, fine," Sherlock snaps, "It may be dangerous, shall I take it back with us?"
Sherlock's eyebrows draw together and he says, "Not for ourselves, John.  Those bees are our advantage!  Moriarty has the Nude Beam, but we've got, ah, Truth Bees."
need clothing, and we need to sleep--"
"It's obvious, isn't it?" says Sherlock, regaining a bit of his haughty demeanor, although Lestrade doesn't miss the way his eyes keep darting towards John. "Someone wanted to cause chaos in the Yard. No doubt they expected that their device would wreak much more havoc than it has—quite likely in an attempt to distract your officers from something else taking place. Were I you, Inspector, I'd check in with my dispatchers, right away. If this were my plan, there would be a crime spree in progress, even as we speak."
“Bit busy right now, boss,” Seb says apologetically, as John claims his mouth again in a hungry kiss. Seb melts into it, feeling wanted for the first time in ages.
“...trust you again to come between John and myself, and now I’m going to make sure you won’t. But what ... is it all ... in aid of?”
to do it... I mean, no! No, it's okay," John is blushing again. What has gotten into him, into both of them?
Sherlock shakes free and snaps, "Come to the
"Yes, I know," Greg says, "I promise we'll have an explanation soon. Get the evidence team in here. We're locking this ruddy thing up before it does any more damage." She turns to go, and he adds, "And Donovan: I want you to go around and make people delete the photos and videos off their mobiles, yeah? Word of this does not get out just because
Seb huffs a laugh, takes Jim by the collar, crowds into him. "I can't simply walk into Scotland Yard."
A small chance, sure, he *is* a doctor, but he’s not on call and it’s half bloody seven in the morning and Sherlock has an uncanny knack for doing things that kill his appetite. He’s learned that lesson the hard way. A man deserves an entrails-free breakfast, doesn’t he?
“A bee?”
"Not  that I mind knowing what you're thinking, I think it might be terribly  fascinating, although I'd like to pretend I'm not interested, but we  should really address the problem of the bees -- "
c) people are about to die in creative ways.
Seb gasps at the wave of pleasure that rockets through him, making his cock twitch in anticipation. He may or may not moan wantonly, unbidden, untouched.
b) someone has danced at the end of their puppet strings in a most edifying manner; or
Sherlock catches up to him in Regent’s Park, drags him all over its vast expanse in search of more bees. Eventually Sherlock finds them, a small hive in a tree, buzzing with activity, bees coming and going.
The phone in Sherlock's pocket rings.
The longer the cackle lasts, the more creative those ways are. And Jim prides himself on the creativity of his crimes (not that he generally commits them himself, mind). Jim Moriarty’s cackle is rather legendary, amongst those lucky enough to have survived his employ.
"Yes, but you were affected in other ways," Sherlock says. "You were clearly resisting the urge to grope Sergeant Donovan's arse. Likely you were only able to resist joining John and me because you have hitherto evinced absolutely no interest in men, with the possible exception of my brother." Sherlock grimaces as if he has a bad taste in his mouth.
- - -
Sherlock clears his throat. "Well. It's obvious what the device does. I have three theories as to how, but I'm far too distracted by the thought of fucking John senseless right now to explain them to you."
John watches him think for a few minutes, then grabs the paper and spends the rest of the breakfast reading about the Olympics. After he’s eaten, he clears the table, showers, and gets dressed.
Sherlock rolls his eyes behind the beekeeper’s veil. “Almost as much as I missed Anderson.” John coughs and elbows Sherlock in the ribs, gesturing with his chin towards the patrol car wailing along the gravel path and bearing the Lestrade, Donovan and Anderson contingent of the Yard. Sherlock swears. “Molly.
?" He now wants nothing more than to launch himself at Sherlock, pinning him against Lestrade's desk and...
For a suspended moment, everyone simply looks at one another.
- - -
," John replies, dryly.
“What’re you working on, boss?” Seb ventures. He doesn’t bother trying to cover himself, or to hide the fact that he’s half hard.
Lestrade shrugs, grinning, "Dunno. It could be amusing, bloke dressed like that. Go ahead and use my office."
, he hasn't felt anything like this since... well, it's been a while. He groans and tries to stand up, his hands in fists at his sides to keep from stroking the painfully hard length of his cock. Even the air stirring in the room is enough to leave him gasping. Oh god, he wants nothing more than to—no, no, this is not acceptable behavior. His heart is hammering in his chest and it feels like every single hair on his body is standing on end.
This chapter by Moonblossom
Sherlock shrugs. “If you’re making something.” He still doesn’t look up.
"You're sending this to the Yard?"
Sebastian Moran sets down the rifle stock he’s been cleaning and polishing (Daisy, thus named for his first professional kill) and gets to his feet.
Jim swears, “Fuck!” He tears off the mask and the apron, throwing them away in disgust, still cursing. The mask makes a resounding crash when it hits--something, probably dangerous and breakable--on the other side of the workshop. Jim turns from the mess and gives Seb a raised eyebrow assessment.
"These  have to be the genetically engineered bees," John says, trying to  control the wave of words that are fighting to get out past his lips.  "You got us stung by some sort of top secret Baskerville demon insect,  of    course    you did. It's a good thing you're so gorgeous when you look at me like that --"
"You're repeating yourself, John, rest
Dodging through traffic on Marylebone Road, Anderson jogs, panting, towards the Natural History Museum. Today, that slutty triceratops in the Blue Zone is
Seb is glaring at his boss, the look rather spoiled by his flamboyant attire, "I can't believe you fucking made me walk into Scotland Yard, wearing this, with a package for Holmes." He begins to stalk towards Jim, who is grinning.
Jim Moriarty’s creepy, gleeful cackle echoes through the warehouse-cum-lair, and his favorite henchman finds himself smiling in response. Hearing Jim sound so well-pleased with himself usually means one of a few things:
"I think the truth serum effect will be far more useful on Moriarty and his agents than the sexual excitation effects, don't you?"
Lestrade's knees threaten to buckle and he sags against the door to his office. Bloody
"I was talking to myself? Hell, I've been worried about cracking ever since I got back from Afghanistan but -- "
Moriarty, left alone and squirming, pulls up handfuls of grass and kicks his feet in frustrated rage. “Seb! Get over here! I’m lonely and I need fucking!”
"No," Sherlock says. "I can still smell John's sex in here and that's all I care about right—" He manages to stop himself and has the good grace to look mortified.
But then the increasing chaos around Lestrade's jumpsuit-clad form finally pulls him away in an eddy of New Scotland Yard's finest, and Sherlock gets his wish.  Which is indeed the supply room, but not for the reason John thought.  It seems the effects are wearing off of Sherlock as well.
"Christ,  you're in a mood," John says, rubbing the back of his neck. The sting  is still bothering him an hour later, and he can't seem to shake the  woozy feeling that settled in right about the time the bee sting did.  "Why'd you shut yourself in your room?"
No longer mollified by the smoke and enraged by the scent of banana mimicking their attack pheromone, the bees begin to swarm. The air turns ochre with dislodged pollen.
"Scotland Yard, here you are!" the cabbie interrupts as John hastily thrusts money at him and gets out of the car, stumbling after Sherlock.
Jim Moriarty is in a far, far better mood than he was this morning.
Sherlock waves off the question like it’s unimportant. “I can’t tell from the dissection, but I think they’ve been genetically engineered.”
Lestrade scrubs at his forehead and is saved from responding by the arrival of the evidence team, who are each wearing full hazmat suits, for all the good that will do them. "Good," he says, feeling slightly more in control of himself now, "I want you to box that thing up and take it down to the lab. I want a full analysis by this evening." He snags one of the techs on her way out and leans down to whisper, "And for the love of god, have somebody give my desk a thorough cleaning and disinfecting, will you?"
Chapter 2: by
a) a plan is coming together;
“Tea?” John asks as he fills the kettle with enough water for two cups.
"On three. One, two..."
“...my one weakness is that I really do like to mix it up a bit. But did you notice?...”
John's forehead finds his hand.  "Sherlock.  We need food, rest, clothing--"
“Son of a bitch!” John shouts, slapping at the spot where the bee had stung him. The bee drops to the ground and Sherlock crouches to pick up the insect.
“Obviously,” Sherlock replies, taking a bite of his toast, making an approving hum at the amount of jam John used.
Jim is in inventing mode, wearing a leather (probably lead-lined) apron and a welding mask, upturned over his face. He grins at Seb and flips the mask down before hitting the switch he’s holding.
, Sherlock." He reaches for Sherlock's hand, guiding it down to where John's cock is swollen and hot, moaning when Sherlock closes around him.
John is suddenly naked, sporting a massive erection, and gasping. "Oh
"John," Sherlock whispers, "I think I've sorted out what it does." His breathing is rapid, skin glistening with sweat. "I have to... I need..." He slams the box down on the desk and grabs John, kissing him for all he's worth, grinding into John's hips.
He is thrusting into Sherlock's fist, gasping, biting down on Sherlock's neck when Sherlock pulls away. "No,
." He runs his hand down Sherlock's body and finds Sherlock completely hard under his clothes. As John begins to unfasten Sherlock's trousers, Sherlock moans and pushes him away, stepping back.
"God."  John traces the raised, red sting; he feels Sherlock shudder a sigh.  "This was such a transparent excuse to touch you, Sherlock, sorry, I  couldn't help myself --"
Lestrade has Donovan talking at one of his ears and Collins at the other, each sure that their own emergency is the most urgent; his own cock insisting that
In Regent’s Park, a bee returns to its hive with news for its hivemates about the new flowers it’s found.  The pollen clinging to its legs has no effect on its own nonexistent libido, but then it is an insect, and a worker besides.
“Come on, John!” And he takes off running in the direction of home.
John makes them a quick breakfast. By the time the eggs are ready, Sherlock has set aside the dissection. John can’t help noticing it now, sat right in the middle of the table; it’s a bee. That’s not so bad.
emergency is by far more urgent than either; three blinking lights on the sergeant's phone he's had his desk phone forwarded to; and he's pretty sure that John and Sherlock are having an argument using only their eyes behind his back, the topic of which seems to be in which direction they should sneak off for a quickie.  At least they're not oversharing anymore.  That disturbing effect seems to have worn off.
“Excellent. A full house.” Jim grins upward at a rainbow hot-air balloon drifting south above the park. “Including my Ace in the hole.” He waves to the balloon; John catches a glimpse of dark hair above a white dress, a jewelled-braceleted arm languidly waving back. “Now,” he says, stroking his hand up over the eight-inch bulge and down into his pocket, “let’s lay
"Er, no, I'll leave that to you, I want
Seb steps into his trousers. "How many more times -- "
Jim pulls out a banana and, with an impish look of glee, begins to peel it.
The sounds of an entire park full of people climaxing are almost drowned out by the buzzing of the bees. Almost.
This chapter by HiddenLacuna.
(See the end of the chapter for
John feels himself blushing at Lestrade's cocked eyebrow, at the same time thinking what a good idea it is. Lestrade lets himself out and Sherlock begins to carefully unwrap the package. He snorts when he sees the misshapen metal box with a red button on top, picking it up and examining it.
“Hello, sexy,” Jim calls, sweetly. He rubs at his expensive trousers, a hard line clearly visible through the cloth. “Seb, I told you they’d be lonely without us. Captain Watson, meet Colonel Moran.” The two ex-soldiers locked eyes and nodded. Professional courtesy. “Did you miss me?”
Jim cackles, shrugs off his heavy apron. "Right. I think it's ready for prime-time, sweetheart."
John scrambles off the desk, but still is staying suspiciously close to Sherlock. And whatever he's doing now is making Sherlock's ears turn pink. Of course Sherlock arches an eyebrow at Lestrade. "If I might point out—"
Behind them, the audio feed is now echoing the nasal tones of Anderson, recorded as the box they'd given Sherlock via New Scotland Yard reached its destination in Forensics.
“Good, John!” pants Sherlock, deliberately avoiding Moriarty’s prostate.
“Gold lamé, Seb?”
Jim likes it when Seb calls him boss.
He glances over the first two pages, which consist of timestamped GPS data from John's phone.  Sherlock has been in the habit of disabling the GPS capabilities on his own phones ever since he first noticed a discrepancy between the GPS map data and the actual conditions of London, early in his teens.  John, Mycroft knows, has demanded that his phones' GPS capabilities remain intact, on the grounds that he hasn't got an internal GPS in his head like a mad detective genius.
- - -
Jim grins back. “Upstairs to the office. Now.”
John catches his elbow and holds him back.  "Sherlock.  This-- we've-- it's been--"
John stares at him and then breaks into giggles.  After a moment, Sherlock follows.  When they're good and out of breath, John gasps, "I think you've seen my point quite enough for today."
Jim's  hand closes around Seb's erect cock. "You can, my dear." His nails dig  in; Seb gasps. He hisses into Seb's ear. "I think you can."
"You may not." He turns around and sticks his head out of his office. "Donovan! Get me one of the forensic jumpsuits, yeah?" He glances back. "No wait, make that two. And for god's sake,
“...teach you to get in the way of the boss’ plans, Captain....”
"Christ!" Sherlock growls, fumbling for it, pressing it to his ear. "Busy snogging John, can this wait?"
Seb's day is rapidly improving.  He's finally been given the go-ahead to lose the damned gold lamé pants.  Jim is letting him top for once, and even knowing that his psychotic genius boyfriend just wants his hands and eyes free for scrolling through the input from his massive surveillance complex doesn't quite ruin Seb's enjoyment of that arse.
Seb  scowls. He's hot and flustered, and his shirt now needs ironing. And  the blowjob Jim promised him half an hour ago has yet to materialize.
Jim swats his hand away. "Not quite finished," he sing-songs. "Must wrap our little care package for Scotland Yard."
This chapter by airynothing.
"Clothes on, sweetheart," he croons to Moran. "Let's try it again."
"Not Sex Bees?"
Seb looks down at himself. His clothes have all disappeared, except his pants and socks.
As if on cue, phones on desks everywhere start to ring.
“Nude bomb,” the evil mastermind replies, as if that answers any possible questions Seb might have. “Obviously it’s not ready yet, or you’d be much more naked and aroused.”
"Jesus, Sherlock!" John yelps, coffee running down his skin. He shakes his head for a moment and feels something straighten out a little from the shock of the cold liquid. He's still hard, still wants Sherlock, but he can rein it in. For the moment.
This chapter is by roane.
Sherlock's  eyebrows are arched high. "We've got to go back to the park, John,  we've got to find the hive," he says, and: "But I'd rather stay here in  the flat, I'm terribly interested in removing your shirt and studying  the various textures of your skin with my lips."
“Why are you dissecting a bee?” John asks; it’s a risk even asking about it, but he’s almost always curious about Sherlock’s experiments.
He estimates the position of the relevant surveillance photos and flips unerringly to the one he wants in the stack of paper.  "Have that hive of bees collected," he says, pointing to a tree near the indistinct forms of Sherlock and John in the picture.  Antemnestra nods and exits, typing on the Class G Operational Coordination Blackberry, one of five that she keeps, improbably, tucked somewhere on her person at all times.
!"  Sherlock swirls toward the door, evidently done with words and ready for action.
A cough on the line. Lestrade. "Er, Sherlock? We need you down at the Yard. Someone's left a package for you."
"Nonsense," Sherlock scoffs, "it's some other crude device. Look at the thing." He holds it up for John's inspection, leaning far closer than necessary, licking his lips. "Do you want to touch it, John?"
Sherlock  has just reappeared after an unexplained fit of solitude. He looks  uncharacteristically flustered, holding his wrist at the site of his own  bee sting. "I feel strange. Have you noticed -- I can't seem to stop  talking? Your hair, you haven't had it cut in four weeks, you're due for  a cut soon but I like it this way, I wish you'd leave it another week  --
_ _ _
Donovan returns with the jumpsuits and opens her mouth. "Sir—?"
Chapter 3 by ConsultingDepressive
, Sherlock, what did you
“...I’d rather be having Sherlock but far be it from me to disobey an order, Colonel....”
He shakes his head hard to clear it. "Right." Lestrade turns back to see Sherlock and John in a clinch again, panting into each other's open mouths and humping each other's legs like dogs. "Jesus Christ.
“Coming, boss.”
Molly shoves Greg onto his back and sinks onto his straining hardness. “Oh Greg... ever since Christmas... you’ve been so patient, haven’t you,” she coos, as she begins to undulate. “More than you could ever know,” he gasps, and then flips them over.
“Maybe it’s high time you did.”
“I’m pretty sure I fell in love with you in the lobby.”
“I was fully aware of the danger and was prepared to remove myself from the area if necessary.”
“I can’t wait any longer. You’ve done this to me; you’ve made me a sex addict.”
“Yeah, I lost m’ cherry a few months ago.”
Sherlock looked over at John with a leer. “Listen to the lyrics, John.”
since anything interesting had happened to him. He had been so bored for so long, but he hadn’t noticed it consciously, convincing himself that the mild challenge of deducing each client’s needs and providing for those needs without being asked was enough to satisfy his hungry mind.
Sherlock pulled back to look at John, startled. He simply could not anticipate this man.
“Uh, no, anyone could walk by at any minute.”
“I’m terribly sorry about what happened to you. I’m a medical doctor. Are you feeling all right? Sherlock, get some water for Maureen.”
Sherlock looked at him with deep defeat in his eyes, glinting silver in the parking lot lights.
“Oh, beer! First rate!”
“Artists should never be restricted. What?”
[postmarked AFC Harrogate, 8 September 1991]
“I know.” Sherlock mitigated the arrogance of that statement by stroking his hand through John’s hair; somehow it worked. John closed his eyes as his breathing slowly returned to normal.
"Some security."
“You must warn us if you are having something delivered to the room, Mr Holmes.”
He began to tremble. In turning around to orient the compass, he had lost any idea of which direction he had come from.
Moriarty had
“They can get back in their car now and be on their way. We are deeply sorry for the trouble they caused you, and they promise not to do it again.”
that inspired me for John’s lucky dance
One more week and I’m out. It’s okay that you won’t be up for the pass out, I’ll send you a picture. Bill’s a good lad, said he’d take one.
“Now see here, miss, I don’t know who--”
“Of course it’s okay, Lestrade. You may leave now. There is work to be done.”
Sherlock simply smiled.
His pillow rumbled.
John decided to do just that, tentatively waving his arms a bit and then his leg. He felt a little foolish; it was obvious, of course, that he wasn’t attached to anything. But proving it to himself made him feel a little better. Sherlock resumed stroking near the ankle cuff. He began twisting it around, letting the fur brush against John’s skin, making him unable to ignore its presence. John felt his penis incongruously filling out a bit.
“Do I need to tone it down?”
They reached the far stairwell just as a gunshot fired. In the madness of the crowd, no one had remembered there was a second stairwell. John felt guilty leaving a scene in which he could have undoubtedly been of assistance, but Sherlock pushed open the door and dragged him through on his knees, and then they were in the stairwell.
The proper spelling/punctuation of Fawnlock's speech in this chapter:
When they were both cleaned up and dressed and ready to face the world, Sherlock coached John on how to talk to Mycroft.
me already…”
I’m sorry I don’t write much, but your letters are so appreciated. I know you write ‘em every day but sometimes they come in clumps. I guess army mail isn’t the best.
John glared at Sherlock until he chuckled.
John glanced over. Sherlock looked pleased in the faint light of the dashboard.
“John,” Sherlock said softly, standing up. “You were shouting. I was in the next room. I couldn’t help but hear it. But that’s a good thing; it means I can help you.”
“I thought we were going to fuck.”
Brandi sighed and let Fiona push her gently onto her back.
“God, I thought only prostitutes did that,” John whimpered. Sherlock raised his eyebrows and gave him a sharp look.
“Don’t think my brother won’t hear about this.”
: 16 MB /
for continuing to patiently fix all sorts of mistakes in my drafts. I went and got all fancy with Fiona's accent
“I can find my own accommodations.”
or “Crown” Chakra activating. Note that I am not endorsing or refuting the concept of chakras.
“That’s understandable, in the circumstances. I am even more honored that you have chosen to share yourself with me now.”
,” John said as an elbow landed in his tummy.
John and Sherlock were walking purposefully to the front door of the St Regis.
John dug into the travel satchel slung across his good shoulder and pulled out the reservation information that he’d barely skimmed. He flipped to the accommodations page and found a bullet point list of amenities:
Sherlock’s face collapsed from blankness into an irritated frown. “Mycroft’s non-stealth car, circling the building and announcing our presence to the world.”
“Maybe we do, but I’m forty years old; don’t think I’ll be doing much more myself. I might as well take care of you.”
“You get tested every week, and I’ve seen the care you use with sexual practices.
“I already have, a bit…”
Sherlock rolled said eyes, then closed them with a put-upon expression. John immediately swiped lemon-ginger ice across his lips, which Sherlock licked off. John leaned down to kiss-chase the cold.
“C’mon, let me show you.” The librarian beckoned the strange young man in the knit cap until he was joined outside.
Then Sherlock knelt and thoroughly washed John’s legs, rubbing them slowly with his palms and fingers, letting John feel as much touch as possible. He soaped up into the crease of John’s inner thighs and down to caress his knobby knees; he stroked warmly around John’s ankles. He lifted each of John’s feet, one at a time, and soothed slowly along the soles, digging his thumbs in, pulling on the toes, slipping his fingers into the between-toe webbing, sliding around the skin again and again. He made sure one foot was thoroughly rinsed, for stability, before lifting the other.
Sherlock thought.
Sherlock sighed. “I suppose that is reasonable. But what is absolutely unconscionable is that you have not, by now, vetted and memorized all of the hotel employees; in addition, it is very interesting that someone you have
He found John sat on a bench a block away, back stiff, staring straight ahead. He sat down next to him.
John froze.
Sherlock had had much more planned for the scene, but he had noticed when John had been clean out of his head, when John had stopped hearing him and had drifted far away. John’s poor cock had been weeping pre-cum for so long and had looked so incredibly tantalizing that Sherlock decided to go ahead and bring him off, having taken John much deeper into subspace than he had dreamed possible, and he had brought John to a spectacular finish that he doubted John had even been aware of. Sherlock was left quite wanting, but that was not at all the point, and he was comfortable with that. It was enough to know that contrary to his experience watching demonstrations with strangers, scening with John was absolutely, utterly sexual for him and definitely something he wanted to do again—and again, and again, as often as possible.
“And then what happened?”
Translation:
“What will you live on?”
(Earth magic).
“What’s that?” Fawnlock asked the minute he entered the lab. A young boy’s body was laid out on one of the tables in the middle of the room; Molly had the chest open and was poking around inside with instruments. A tape recorder was running next to her.
.oi .au sai ko klama .i ko klama .i ko klama
! I love that movie! Wait, are these pictures the same as the drive-in that Curt and Steve hung out at?”
"Angela should have a toolbox." Sherlock went around to the hatchback and rummaged around inside. "Here we go."
Mark is an homage to a very patient bartender who put up with me and an absurdly mismatched boyfriend in my last years of undergrad. He was wicked cool and looked out for us. Goth knows why.
“Hm?”
“Please, John,” Sherlock said, pulling back from the kiss and stilling his hand. “Please let me inside you. And after we come like that, I want you to take me. Let’s seal our love together.”
“I will let you care for me ‘til I am back on my feet. Of which I will be the judge.”
Sherlock gasped in a breath and closed his own eyes for a few moments, his expression one of exquisite pain. When he reopened them, he was looking at John as though he was some new and undiscovered creature.
John felt a gorgeous pain blossom on one of his nipples. At first it was just pain, and then it was incredible pleasure. It felt like his brain was all confused and cross-wired. He wanted more. He tried to say so around the gag.
(See the end of the chapter for
He looked in front of him and all he saw were trees, trees that looked very similar to all the trees around the rest of him. What did it mean that the needle was on the N? North? But what good did that do him?
. I was watching him the whole time, there were no illicit blow jobs, not even any hand jobs. I mean, he
“I’m not sure,” John whispered as he dragged the sheet over himself. “I really wanted to do this. I’m sorry.”
Sherlock smiled. “I’ll watch it with you nonetheless. Would you like that foot rub?”
“And you are quite wrong in that I have thought rather a lot about this decision. This is not something I am doing lightly. I have learned all I can learn from being a Companion. San Francisco, while it is a pleasant enough city, is not my home; London is my home. I forsook it for specific reasons, which I shall reverse. It will be good to return. I do not understand this grip you have on me, and I would not let you leave my side until I have dissected and digested this phenomenon to its very atoms and understood it to its bones. No one has ever mattered to me before, and I must know why you are so important. It is imperative that I continue to study you,”
Alternately, skip the section headed “10:00”
“Massage works the muscles and improves the blood flow. The claims of removing toxins are spurious, but release of tension does introduce certain stored chemicals into the bloodstream, and it’s good to help the kidneys flush them out. Drink all of this, slowly.”
“I’m taking off mine.”
Here we are again. For those sticking through the WIP, thanks for returning! For those new to this, thanks for listening!
John coughed a little. “Uh, thank you.”
“Perhaps to you.”
“I cannot force you to meditate, John. That is not how meditation works.”
“I...apologize?”
“Keep going,” John gritted out.
The game went on for a few minutes. They settled into a rhythm; John was having some difficulty staying calm as Sherlock’s sucking became more and more elaborate. It was clear he was pulling out all the tricks he had learned as a Companion—things he was able to do only with his mouth and tongue, terribly unfair things that were making it almost impossible not to reach down and grab his face and just fuck into it, hard and fast. The only way John was holding back was by watching the almost constant stream of thin pre-cum drizzling from the tip of Sherlock’s purple head and hearing the faint, high-pitched whine he emitted every three drips when John bent down to reward him. John was approaching deep-throat levels of distance, working on ignoring his gag reflex, both as something to practice and as something to torment his cock-ring bound lover. Through the fog of arousal in his brain, he realized it was a bit not good, the delight he was taking in provoking Sherlock, but he couldn’t analyze it and had to trust that if anything truly bothered Sherlock, he would object.
Looking forward to your call on the holiday, dear. We’ll be home all day.
In minutes they were pulling onto a tiny tarmac. A very large black helicopter was sitting there with its rotors spinning.
“You were very brave out there,” he told her seriously. “Always knew you were made of steel and sterling.”
John had pulled out, of all things, a travel sewing kit. He was squinting to thread a tiny needle with black sewing thread. He put on fresh gloves and pulled a tube from the bag.
Sherlock glanced over and was charmed by the look of wonder on John’s face. He supposed the bridge
“I was hoping you’d come back. I have a book you might like better.” He held up a colourful book that had what appeared to be a worm on the cover.
“It won’t offend you?”
He cradled his hands under John’s head, and then he was pulling, slowly. John immediately flashed on that medieval torture device, the rack.
When Fawnlock just stared at him, Lestrade went ahead and changed out the tapes. Fawnlock watched, fascinated. As soon as the tape was in, he ejected it as he’d seen Lestrade do; he inspected it for a minute before placing it back in. He tilted his head as he did this, and his scarf fell a bit.
“I’m not quite sure what you just said, but I’m certain you’re right.” John smiled, and Sherlock marvelled at this unexpected man who didn’t react to him in any way he was familiar with. He smiled back, and they just gazed at each other for a moment.
I am, after initial posting of chapters 1-11, adding dates to all the chapters so that things are easier to follow (I hope)...which means that this chapter ended up skipping forward and backward a bit because I wrote myself into a corner. Ah well, the excitement of serial posting!
“Wait a sec, didn’t you just order a bunch of meat?”
“What do you mean?” Sherlock asked, leaning back in a chair, looking utterly satisfied.
“Oh, something a bit stronger, I think.”
Sherlock sighed noisily. “I
Voice of Eye "Waking"
"Then come along, John. No time to waste."
“It was set up for absolute failure.”
“I...I’m s-sorry I h-had to c-call. I-I d-didn’t know w-what to do.”
He nodded dumbly. Rubbing his face, he tried to gather his wits.
“Thank you, kind sir,” she said as she grabbed the banister, and John laughed and replied, “No problem at all, I’m sure.”
“Molly!” Sherlock chastised.
quote! caught the use of the English translation of
“I’m going to bring you close to orgasm, over and over, until you are sweaty and desperate and begging me to take you. Then, and only then, I will enter you and mark you as mine, just as you marked me.”
“You’d better lead me.”
“Well, it’s certainly different, I’ll grant you that.”
John grinned as he shoveled food in. He was eating more than he ever had in his life; his schedule led his body to demand 4000 to 5000 calories to keep up.
“Ah, Guinness...good guess.”
This past week saw the legalization of same-sex marriage in the U.S. I was able to celebrate it at San Francisco's Pride celebration. Regardless of where you stand on marriage, this is a stepping stone to more acceptance and more rights for all of us.
“Um, okay, pleased to meet you.”
“The River Bank,” he read. “The Mole had been working very hard all the morning, spring-cleaning his little home.” He pointed to the mole and the rat in the drawing and said “Mole. Rat.”
“Those are called pan pipes, after Pan himself.”
John leaned up, licking his lips, and gave Sherlock’s cloth-covered cock a very light tap with the spoon.
They turned to walk back to the car and a bit of asphalt popped up in front of John's shoe.
Sherlock proceeded to wriggle through the opening. John watched with some distaste.
Johnny became popular at school.
“We all do. Pretty amazing, isn’t it?”
When Johnny was a child, the world had seemed magical.
He had been expecting bald monks in saffron robes chanting in small bundles of righteousness on the floor; stern admonitions for “Quiet!”; chastisement for his lack of faith in Zen, or Buddhism, or God, or whatever it was these people believed in. He looked around the large room. A few people, dressed in ordinary clothing, stood together, holding coffee and chatting in low tones. Through the windows he could see a green, shady garden that had been hidden from the street. Once in a while, one or two people walked through the room in a decidedly unhurried fashion. It could almost be any ordinary office building, although he
“Hey! What are you doing?”
One day, as he sat on the closed toilet lid frantically pulling one out, he heard the locked door handle begin to rattle. As he watched in horror, the knob turned, and suddenly Harry was letting herself in, a mangled paper clip dangling from her fingertips.
Sherlock plopped the bag rather perfunctorily on the side of the bed and climbed up. As he crawled over John, the leather creaked in a satisfying way. He moved so that he was straddling John’s legs, and John could smell the unique scent of the black material. Sherlock reached into the bag and plucked out a cuff.
"She's not back there to get refreshments. She's supposed to be keeping us from harm."
The deer boy stomped his foot.
“We can request one if you insist, but surely John, you know how to use chopsticks?”
“I won’t let your brother do it. I don’t know what he’s planning, but I will not allow that. You are under my protection now.”
Johnny is the discussion topic of a sleepover, and Moosecroft seeks out Fawnlock.
Sherlock gave John a very dark look.
When his brain was fully back online, he looked up at Sherlock. “Wait, you didn’t...do you want me to…?”
John rolled his eyes.
“This is a new wave nightmare.”
This file was created using Audacity and Steve Daulton's Noise Gate.
“Uh…”
“Good morning,” he mumbled back and trudged to the loo. His piss was surprisingly vigorous, to the point of being foamy. Ah, he hadn’t gone during the night. Usually he went at least once.
At the risk of making you aware of it if you weren't, the over-enunciated "t" problem has been fixed, I hope. One day I may need to go re-record chapter 16. Ah well. I'm still learning this stuff.
On the sidewalk, it was chilly enough that Sherlock was certain John would regret not bringing a jacket or a jumper, like most tourists.
By now, John was shivering uncontrollably. His gaze was unfocused, and he was hyperventilating.
. These ‘cream-of-the-crop’ operatives took down a fine, gentle human without having a clue that she was
“But honestly,” John continued, feeling his way. “We’ve people shooting at us. Right now we’re prisoners in our own room...this room that has been a haven of freedom and sexual exploration and healing and discovery. Now it’s a trap. And while I plan to live a very long and very healthy life with you, I don’t know what’s going to happen tomorrow. I confess that right now, my blood is singing: and my gut, or my heart, or my cock, or
Fawnlock was bored. Bored and frustrated.
Inspired by
“Sherlock,
the British government. He will tell you he is a minor government official. That is, of course, what he needs everyone to believe. Not worth arguing the point with him. He lives for his club, which is a group of stuffy, farty old men whose sole purpose in life is to shush anyone with an original thought and do nothing but read newspapers. There is nothing Mycroft cannot do, and there is nothing he is willing to do for me, ever.”
“I have a song that will help you remember. Okay? Here goes.” He began to sing the alphabet song.
“He’s ready to talk to you now.”
“Go do something else, if you value your sanity.”
I've been working, off and on, on this story for about six months. I was quite ill and it has helped in my healing process. It means a great deal to me.
“I’m sorry, I cannot let you near the bodies. That’s the law.”
“I am your personal assistant during your stay. You are also welcome to avail yourself of the concierge service, but I hope to be able to meet
"Yes, I think that's enough for one session." His attempt at a therapist joke fell flat.
John hummed softly, comfortingly, and stroked his hands up and down Sherlock’s back.
We haven’t heard from you since you left two weeks ago! We know you’re very busy in training but drop us a line sometime and let us know that you’re okay.
“Very well. No harm will come to that child while he is in the realm of this forest.”
“Hey, you bugger! Get out! Shoo! No room for you!” Johnny gently pushed the little creature back out the tent flap when Christine’s head appeared.
“I need you to...well. While you are here and under my care, I need you to promise not to go haring off again where I can’t protect you.”
This worked exceedingly well to push out disgusting, incest-laden thoughts. Johnny’s comics began to look a bit worn. Johnny’s mum was discreet enough not to say a word about how much more toilet paper Johnny was using up now.
“Fancy one?”
Sherlock sighed and wrapped his arms a bit tighter around John, who snuffled in his sleep.
“Hi,” Johnny said, nerves starting to return.
you would do this. I
“Ha! And modest, too. Well, here. Here is the tape player and this week’s book. Huh, no wonder you didn’t know what a tape player is, or what radio is...looks like we’ll need to do a little cultural education as well, eh? No worries, I can handle that. It’s refreshing to be around a student who actually wants to learn. I think maybe I need to get you a waterproof bag to keep your things in. May I meet you here tomorrow, at noon?”
of his boxers by now, and he wrapped his hand all the way around John’s silky-smooth erection and began to stroke.
John went back into his room and turned on the lights.
“You’re in a hotel in San Francisco, and you’re with me. You’re safe. Nothing is going to hurt you here. It’s all over now.”
“Wrong. Right now you are suffering from a medical condition that can make you helpless in public, and you are not even attempting to manage it. While you are with me, I need you to stay with me so that I can keep you safe.”
“John, let me explain a little about what happened. Sherlock is very, very smart, and he is convinced that he can learn anything from books. Which is sometimes true, and sometimes not. In the BDSM community, we generally do not encourage Doms to play—which is what we call doing a scene, or taking someone into subspace—without a lot of experience. They are supposed to sub first, so that they know what it feels like. Often they have a mentor who teaches them how to do things so that they don’t fuck up and hurt a sub. It’s not at all surprising that he tripped you over into subdrop. And that’s okay; he recognized it immediately and dealt with it well, it sounds like. He was prepared for aftercare, and it sounds like he respected your needs and your boundaries during the scene.
Bernard Hermann "Madeline and Carlotta's Portrait"
All of Mycroft’s advice had been reasonable and was also obviously advice Sherlock would ignore.
Domming him had been far more rewarding than he had dared to hope. It had been fascinating to watch John’s reactions, both in facial expression and body movements. Once he had bought into the idea, John had gone into it with everything he had; Sherlock had never met anyone before who put his entire being into an experience. It was overwhelming to watch. He had had a moment where he had felt inadequate to direct this event for this amazing person, but then he had remembered who he was and had rallied. How hard could it be? He certainly knew all the theory and had attended enough demonstrations. While it held no interest for him, sexually, he certainly thought it could help John get past some of his inhibitions.
” He turned his head to look at John, an expression of desperation and betrayal on his features. He found John smiling innocently back at him.
John buried his face harder against Sherlock. Sherlock put his hand against John’s forehead and carefully pushed his head away. He pulled the gag slowly out by the base, not wanting to hurt John’s teeth. Eventually John let it go and immediately put his face back against Sherlock’s neck.
“I’m just saying--”
“You’re awake,” Sherlock said in a low, soft voice without opening his eyes.
“The opening conference ceremony is at ten, so, say, oh-eight-hundred?”
. That sort of thing is beneath him. And for him to be claiming it now...after all I’ve been through, after some of the things I suffered...after the work I did to get clean, to become a Companion...to learn the path of compassion and mindfulness…”
Sherlock leapt up, strode to the door, and flipped on the overhead lights. Abruptly, John stopped moving, blinking awake, panting heavily.
As John pulled off his clothes, he watched Sherlock fiddle with the thermostat and felt the heat come on. Then Sherlock disappeared into his own little-used room, so John clambered naked onto the bed. Wait. Should he be on top of the duvet, or under the covers? What would Sherlock want? It felt odd being naked on top of the duvet—dirty, somehow—so he squirmed until he was underneath. Then he worried that that looked as though he was ashamed, so he kicked all the bedclothes to the end of the bed.
. He knew it was turning into irritability that threatened worse, but there was nothing he could do about that.
“Ah, he must’ve gone off to school.”
Fiona interrupted her story to roll over and take a sip of the soda on her bedside table to build some dramatic tension.
“No, Sherlock,” he said patiently. “That is
“I can help with that.”
“Shit,” John said as he watched a man on the sidewalk next to them collapse, blood spurting from his neck. People started screaming. The
“Huh. The needle is supposed to point to N if you turn it enough.” No matter what Johnny did, the needle remained pointing to the smaller “NE”. “I guess it’s broken?”
The deer boy’s ears twitched. “Pahn?”
, John. With
“By now, we would be building up some layers of sensation that would be keeping some cycles of your conscious mind busy and starting you on your journey into subspace. You might begin to feel somewhat altered; your thoughts might feel a little slower, your breaths might be deeper. Your limbs might feel heavier. Throughout this process, I would be looking out for your safety; it would be my responsibility to watch out for your physical and emotional needs. If anything happened, such as a fire alarm, you would be able to snap out of this state and take care of yourself just as at any other time, and I would be right there to help you get dressed and get out of the building.”
John marvelled at how different the touch of the full hand felt than when just the fingertips were doing more directed work. The long, even strokes filled his chest with a peculiar sensation, almost as though he wanted to cry.
Before Sherlock could explain, though, there was a knock at the door. Sherlock (still in just his pants) opened it to find an unmolested tea service being pushed in by an unmolested staff member. John looked into the hall and saw professional-looking agents, dressed in their obvious black suits with obvious black indoor sunglasses, standing like statues.
“You have to order rice?”
“I think let’s start with the obvious. Any allergies, by the way?”
The deer boy became quite excited.
“Thank you, Dr Watson. I really am looking forward to meeting you.” And the call was ended.
John collapsed on him, and he wrapped his arms around his sweaty lover.
and make you some coffee now.
In his locum practice in London, John had saved a multi-millionaire from near-death after a car accident. From a recovery room at St Bartholomew’s Hospital, the patient had offered John a reward, which John had modestly declined; when the young entrepreneur pressed, John named a charity and asked that she make a donation instead. He’d thought that was the end of it, until he received a large envelope at the practice containing credentials for an elite medical conference, along with a plane ticket to San Francisco and a reservation at a high-end hotel. The card attached had said “Accept graciously! A grateful patient.” After a day of hemming and hawing, his boss Sarah finally browbeat him into doing just that—accepting graciously, as it was rare that any of them got the funds to attend even local conferences.
Not that he’s doing much better. His mind has been on one track for a while now, and that track is Sherlock.
"Do  you see?" Sherlock says, holding out his wrist. "The bee stings, John,  we're having some sort of reaction, I was just recording my own voice  for the past twenty minutes to make sure I wasn't imagining things, I  can't stop saying every word I'm thinking, and you were here in the  sitting room mumbling nonsense the entire time, I couldn't catch every  word but you were definitely
"Fuck you," Seb mutters.
"Soooo," Jim purrs as Seb walks in, "how did it go?"
Moriarty’s grin is beginning to look a little strained. John, ever ambidextrous, pinches Jim’s nipples and glans simultaneously, while Sherlock times his thrusts to bring Jim as close to the edge as possible. “Why. Are. You. Doing. This!” Sherlock grunts.
"All right," Sherlock answers, "but give us privacy, I want to be alone with John."
Mycroft knows when Anne (Antemnestra today) discreetly enters his office three and a half minutes early that something ... unseemly ... has happened with his brother.  She hands him the Class B Minor Emergency Blackberry, and at his minute signal to speak, she says "The picture and video texts on the screen were intercepted from various mobiles at New Scotland Yard.  None reached their destinations and all have been wiped from the originating devices."
quickly," Sherlock murmurs, "I'd very much like to..."
“Breakfast?”
Receiving the full brunt of the pollen and stings, Jim and Sherlock and John and Seb crash together in a surfeit of limbs and a volley of clothing. John and Jim wind up laid out on the grass before Sebastian and Sherlock, respectively, and with the remaining working portions of his brain John is glad that he’s been well lubed and already  fucked open recently today. From the ease with which Sherlock is sliding into Moriarty, it seems as though Jim is in similar luck. John grabs Jim’s head and shoves his tongue into his mouth as Sebastian plunges into John’s arse.
(See the end of the chapter for
With a mental shrug, he let his hand resume its action, if a little lighter and more theatrical. Eyes still firmly closed, he asked, “Are you watching me have a wank?”
If you want to leave comments about issues with my representation top/bottom or dom/sub roles, sizes of cocks, complain that your particular kink is not being addressed, or request a particular kink to be included - PLEASE DON'T.
“Got any lube?” John asked, as he slid down the bed a bit.
a tease….” Then more seriously, “Consent, John. Consent matters.”
“The good news is… my hands do still work….” He slicked his fingers and reached out to gently caress Sherlock’s aching cock, “and my mouth….”
“If you’re trying to distract me with sex, I should point out that the housework will still be there waiting, afterwards.” His attempt to sound irked failed dismally as he lay back into the sofa and pulled Sherlock down with him.
My dearest thanks to everyone still reading and commenting, there is more of this to come, but this chapter was one I greatly enjoyed writing.
“Sex? Yes, but not for a while, and… not like this.” Choosing his words carefully, Sherlock paused, he could feel John waiting for clarification. “My body still has… needs. I found a way to take care of them that removed any emotional involvement.” He shrugged, “Toys are convenient, but not always sufficient.”
“I know, love. Your family has a lot to answer for. I’m working on forgiving you too, but… if you leave me behind like that again, I
He returned with a damp flannel and a glass of water, gently cleaned Sherlock up, and they shared the glass. Slumping back into bed, John twined their fingers together, and they lay for a long moment.
John begins to make concrete progress on the case, Sherlock has a bit of an existential crisis, and a suit is worn.
“Mmmm... well, I’m right here. What's stopping you?” Rocking his hips, he pushed the top sheet down to reveal his abdomen, hip, and thigh on that side.
FUBAR - Fucked Up Beyond All Recognition/Recall
“I love you…
Shifting his body to slide one pyjama-clad leg between naked thighs, moving slowly, watching every micro-expression on John’s face, Sherlock lowered himself down. Threading his fingers through the short hair at his nape, he whispered, “Mmmm, we have all day, if you want, John.”
With enough food in the flat to tide them over for a couple of days, they spent time discovering each other in this new and entirely diverting way. Despite Sherlock’s initial reserve, conversations were had about boundaries, fantasies, likes, dislikes. They were still a little tentative with each other, both aware that adding a physical dimension to their relationship was going to fundamentally change a lot of things for them.
John sighed, “She’s going to tell
Delicious Readers - thankyou for your patience while I wrote this chapter.  A round of applause for @Hatknitter for her endless patience with my abuse of the comma.
Pressing his thumb to those lips, John said, “Shhhh, darling, details later. Please don’t make me wait any longer. Kiss me, Sherlock…”
Reluctantly, John leaned sideways, falling into the soft leather embrace of the sofa, fighting the pull toward sleep as Sherlock slipped away. He reappeared with a plate full of fancy charcuterie, cheeses, crackers, grapes, crunchy pickled white pearl onions, and creamy paté.
“She’s our landlady, it's her house. But yes, it might be wise to ensure our privacy in the future. A little less of an open door policy might be nice.”
It had been a fucking fantastic few days (literally), but the real world was about to intrude, and John was a little hesitant about making their change in status public. Given that everyone had thought they were an item for years, it seemed a pointless worry. Still, it niggled at him.
Saying indistinctly, “Not if we ask nicely, and just happen to leave a bottle of that bourbon she is so fond of behind.” Standing on tiptoe, carefully reaching over the beakers and test tubes, he pulled out a bottle of Makers Mark 46 with a flourish. “My secret emergency stash.”
The mattress flexed as Sherlock slid towards him. “Well, you are in my bed, and you haven’t invited me to … participate. Although I am quite enjoying the show.” The thread of laughter and sarcasm in Sherlock’s voice was so typically him – that gorgeous voice that
AUTHORS NOTE:
John, his throat having dried up and closed over in horror, was unable to do anything other than croak, “Oh fuck!” as the door slammed shut. Sherlock shouted at the clatter of feet down the stairs, “You might want to knock, next time!”
John blinked, swallowed and said, “No bomb-making supplies then?”
“Sensitive are we?” John crooned softly. “Harder? Yes? Fuck, the things I want to do to you...”
“What should I call you - boyfriend, lover, partner, significant other? I guess we should sort that out.”
. Holding that gaze, he licked his lips and, very deliberately, licked a swirl around his cockhead.
“God, has it… I’ll have to return the favour. Just not… now, need to catch my breath.” John sounded hesitant.
**************************************************
Concerned for the state of his sheets, watching John’s fists clench in straining handfuls, Sherlock finally glided his hand up over the rigid dusky length of John’s cock, smearing his palm with the precome in slow strokes. John stilled in anticipation with a throaty groan, hips twitching in primal need. Sherlock’s cock ached to fulfill it.
******************************************************************
Its a lot of hard work, compromise, patience and forgiveness.  Not just for yourself but for others as well.
“Idiot, not
CONTENT WARNING:  Discussion of childhood domestic violence experience and harmful treatment of children (not sexual)
As ever, thanks to the marvelous @Hatknitter for beta services.
Lifting their joined hands, Sherlock kissed the back of John’s. “Never doubt it…. You… this… us… it
If you want to leave comments about issues with my representation top/bottom or dom/sub roles, sizes of cocks, complain that your particular kink is not being addressed, or request a particular kink to be included - PLEASE DON'T.
(See the end of the chapter for
“I’m sorry, sweety. That was the wrong way to ask that. I...I didn’t think that would be the answer.”
Greg manhandled Fawnlock back into the lab and Molly shut the door firmly.
He shifted his fingertips, shooting new pain into John’s head. John grunted.
Think
It's hard to describe how much your comments and kudos have touched me. I've been carrying them around in a warm little nest in my heart all day today, pulling them out and treasuring each one and rubbing my cheek against them and cuddling them and just grinning my ass off. Having written this on a couch, alone, often in the dark, with only my beloved cousin to cheer me on from across the continent (thank goth for her!!!), was one thing, but sharing it with all of you and hearing from you has been spectacular. Thank you so much for reading and responding. I hope you continue to enjoy. I am hoping to get the rest of what is already written posted this weekend. Fair warning; the last two chapters are not written! We'll all just have to see what happens together! (I always
“Oh God, John. I can’t take this any more.”
do for himself; had done, all his life.
“Nothing. I just can’t seem to make myself get in. I can’t sit down.”
“I really don’t think that’s what’s going on here, Sherlock.”
There really was a Lotus Garden on Grant Street in Chinatown, but it
Sherlock removed the rest of his clothing and turned on the shower, adjusting it to the ideal temperature. He tweaked some settings, and he watched as John gaped at jets pouring from three walls of black tile. Clearly, John had been using the traditional single overhead nozzle.
“Shut up and fuck me.”
“Three days. At noon,” and he pointed to the sun directly above them.
“Sherlock, let me know I’m alive. Make me come.”
Sherlock was right. The wind was delivering a constant stinging payload of sand directly into his face. This was accompanied by droplets of cold fog. Several bonfires were lit on the beach; John inhaled deeply, the scent of burning firewood reminding him of the rare caravan campfire when he was a child.
He brushed his teeth until his gums began to bleed and washed his face. Looking assessingly at the soapy cloth, he decided a sponge bath was better than nothing. He shucked off his jeans and pants and scrubbed at his cock and scrotum. Then he reached up under his vest and soaped under his arms, as well. He rinsed the cloth and used it to remove the soap from his skin as best he could. On went the clean pants and his usual track suit bottoms and jumper; a comb through his hair, and he was as ready as he would ever be.
Sherlock looked at him, considering.
“I’m sure I wouldn’t know, John.”
Henryk Gorecki "Symphony No. 3, Op. 36: I. Lento - Sostenuto Tranquillo ma Cantabile"
Sherlock knelt in position again, between John’s legs, and took his time lying down comfortably and slowly pulling John’s cheeks apart. Now there was no urgency, though John started pleading and begging. As before, Sherlock let the tip of his tongue touch against the base of John’s balls and slowly drew a wet, thin path up the perineum to just below the anus. He circled all around that, ignoring the whining coming from above, and continued up to the top of the crease.
“Well, I’m glad to hear that, but of course I wouldn’t believe you unless I saw a series of negative drug tests.”
on the system, do we?”
“Understood.”
After that, somehow knowing that Harry had the same problem made things better. It wasn’t like he wanted to be
He’d never had one that made Sherlock want to touch him, as often and in as many places as possible.
A limo had been awaiting John at San Francisco Airport’s International Terminal; he was the car’s only occupant, and he’d partaken of the 25-year-old Glenlivet in the back with some measure of guilt, thinking of his colleagues toiling away back at the NHS clinic. After a quiet ride through busy city streets where he glimpsed views of the Bay Bridge and the famous pyramidal TransAmerica building, he found himself deposited in an elegant lobby furnished with black and silver. This was all enjoyable, and along with the first-class Virgin Atlantic ticket, absolutely out of his experience, but not terribly surprising. The gentleman leading him into the elevator, however,
say. I don’t understand you; I can’t predict you. You are a conundrum.”
for helping me realize that Moriarty
“What do you think, pizza? Do they have Chinese food delivery in America?”
“I hear boring depressing music, is what I hear.”
All our love,
. My car hasn’t been washed in a year. We are disgusted by lawns. So let’s just go with this AU including not only legal Companions but also a California where the water flows plentifully and rain happens as often as we need, and our heroes get to spend as long as they damn well like in a multi-nozzle never-cold shower because they deserve it; they’ve been through hell.
“Sherlock.”
John gave Sherlock a disbelieving look.
The shaking stopped. The blinds banged a few more times against the windows in decreasing arcs.
Sherlock was texting rapidly. A few moments later, the doors opened. John raised an eyebrow but got in without comment. They reached the ground floor more quickly than the guest elevators ever moved. Sherlock pushed out the second door as soon as the elevator opened, and they emerged into a swirl of people making their way to the exits.
No one had ever complimented Sherlock like this. He didn’t know exactly what to do with it.
“I’m having the cuttlefish noodles. Normally, one wouldn’t have a red with seafood, but I happen to like this pairing.” He twirled his fork in his bowl and ate a single noodle. John tucked into the salad and immediately froze after a forkful.
“How is this,” he asked, his voice low in John’s ear.
“This thing...’beats’?”
“Where the Wild Things Are,” Greg read slowly, pointing to each word as he went. “Story and pictures by Maurice Sendak. Now you try.”
“God, no. Stay exactly where you are.”
(minor format edit on 16 June 2015)
“I’m sorry, John, we may not be able to get off and take the elevator.”
“Oh, yes, thank you,” John stammered, reaching for his wallet. (He'd been warned about tipping in America.)
Mycroft watched the Contact Pool shimmer into an image of Moriarty and the star-strewn sky behind him.
“Indeed. One of his ‘Preludes and Fugues.’”
him before. His mouth was open a bit, seemingly in disbelief.
“You’re a Doctor, and you never thought about the behaviours of drug addicts?”
“No…” Suddenly John was whimpering. Sherlock had never heard such a hopeless sound. “No. No. Fuck. I got to you in time. Fuck!” And then he was shouting again, becoming more helplessly tangled in the sheets, fighting with all his might.
Sherlock continued to frown—to pout, really—until John stood up, lifted the t-shirt Sherlock had thrown on, and blew a loud and awfully rude noise onto Sherlock’s flat tummy with wet lips. Sherlock tried to protest, but John added some very tickly nibbling that resulted in Sherlock collapsing on the bed, giggling and pursued by an intent, hungry John.
“Yes, always.”
“I’m not doing evasive maneuvers, I told you.”
“‘Hot’ is not exactly the adjective I would use.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Sherlock grinned, slipped off his pants, and slithered onto the bed. He curled his arms around John’s legs and nuzzled into John’s pubic hair, nudging his nose against the half-hard cock nestled there.
Fawnlock looked away to hide the relief in his eyes.
The week-long, union-plus-opportunists protest was in full swing.
“That’s really something. It’s orange, though, not golden, isn’t it?”
Sherlock noted the strange tone of John’s question--not
“—and he says there is absolutely no way you can return to London.”
Right now this is kidlock, but it is their origin story. Eventually they will grow up, and this will earn an E rating.
“No need to worry now. That will ensure that you don’t come until we decide you should.”
“What do you mean, ‘left’?”
“Sherlock, oh god,” John groaned.
“Librarian,” Fawnlock repeated. “Librarian.”
“I haven’t the faintest idea what you are talking about.”
“Did you. Er. Give her this one, by chance?”
“Hey, I know what these photos are,” John said, looking around at the walls. “They’re from
“For what, four more days? And then what, Sherlock? Are you going to come back to London with me and look after me there?”
Joaquin looked genuinely distressed.
let me live it down. But for fuck’s sake, Mycroft, I
[sent 18 December 1991 with a big package]
“I’m not gay, you know,” he finally said.
When he felt he had the hang of it, he pulled off the irritating artificial furs and stuffed them into a canvas carryall he’d taken from another campsite.  He then made his way by back paths to the nearby human settlement where he’d seen the building with all the bound leaf piles.
“Sherlock, please.”
Now John felt like he was floating a few inches above the bed. It was amazing. Sherlock’s voice was like a dark, thick, warm river that was buoying him along; John was a little boat bobbing afloat Sherlock’s words without a care as to where he was going, completely secure in the knowledge that he was utterly safe.
The tub filled and Sherlock shut off the taps. He stepped out and shrugged off his ruined shoes, stripped off his shirt, and climbed back in, sitting on the edge of the tub.
over there. Here the crimes are all so
“We can do more of that tomorrow if you like.”
“Molly. It was amazing. I thought it was going to be all, tie me up and beat me, which I couldn’t have allowed and would have hated. But he...he came up with this idea...he put on cuffs, you see, but didn’t attach them to anything. He…” John felt himself flush, but forced himself to keep talking; maybe it would help him get some perspective.
Sherlock heard the door of John’s room slam and held himself back from following. John needed space. Maybe being on his own for an hour or two would be good for him, help him get some perspective.
This felt...nice. Warm hands were squeezing and probing, and he felt tension ebbing away that he hadn’t even known was there. When that leg had been well-pummelled, Sherlock moved onto the right leg.
They both sang the chorus lustily when it came around again. John made the two-finger salute as they drove past the lights of what must have been Ukiah.
“Now, listen here. You can take this book with you to practice on this week, but it’s checked out to me, mind, so you bring it back here next Saturday in just the condition it is now. Understand?”
apple!”
Now Johnny’s hands were moving at Dreadful Boy’s crotch, peeling open the artificial fur to reveal a deformed
“Wait a minute, I didn’t exactly ask you…” protested John.
“So I did. He’s got a little tent out back his parent’s house, and I went and saw him one night.”
“Hello, Doctor Watson. My name is Sherlock Holmes; I’ll be your Companion while you stay with us at the Saint Regis.”
attention. Watch as many procedures as you can and ask yourself if you have the stomach for it, and don’t lie to yourself, won’t do you or anyone else any good. Keep asking questions. Talk to the doctors. Make a pain of yourself.”
John was panting a little, raking his hands through his hair.
“Indeed. I’ve never heard anyone sing as many songs on one single note as this dolt.”
John woke slowly. He opened his eyes to the unique view of the tips of skyscrapers peeping above a thick fog bank. He stretched, feeling a languor in his muscles, and noticed warmth along his back. Oh! He’d asked Sherlock to sleep with him. Evidently, Sherlock was still with him, in the bed. He rolled over and scooted back a bit.
= Dreadful Boy
“Yes.”
, your beautiful drooling cock, get yourself
In fact, he and the delivery man kissed each other on both cheeks, which John was not well pleased about. Sherlock caught John’s expression and laughed aloud.
for excellent beta'ing.
“If it is any comfort, the unfortunate problems you two have been through have exposed some severe holes in our security system that I have now corrected, and you may well have saved lives in the future. That, however, is no excuse. I hope to be able to make this up to you at some future date.”
That seemed positive. He slid the rest of the third finger in.
things like that, but I looked in other nearby file boxes too, and it's gone."
John wanted to rush to Sherlock’s defense, but he took a sip of beer and thought about what Molly was saying, instead.
“No...I don’t keep anything around, I’m afraid to…”
“Sherlock? Sherlock!”
He’d read about The Stud in a few of the racier travel blogs about San Francisco when he’d been preparing for the conference, and the flamboyant name had stuck in his head. He’d never dreamed of going to the raunchy bar, but now he realized there was nowhere else he wanted to be. Sherlock wanted to play gay sex games, did he? Well, he’d show Sherlock just how well he could play gay sex games. Let Sherlock come and try to find him at a naughty gay bar. Maybe
“What was it like then, being a drug addict? If you don’t mind my asking?”
“Come on, Johnny,” they would murmur to him. “Let me feel your beautiful prick. Rub it against my silky, shiny uniform,
John sighed again, this time still grinning. “Okay, point taken.”
! Thanks luv. All mistakes are wholly mine.
His grim train of thought was interrupted as Sherlock appeared in the doorway holding a rather large leather bag. This was not the same bag as he had brought over a few days earlier. The bag’s leather went nicely with the leather trousers that Sherlock was now wearing. Both bag and trousers were black and not shiny; rather, they looked like they had been used a bit, like they were working leather; respectable items that were not for show but instead could move and be properly used by their owner. Other than the trousers, Sherlock was bare: his feet were naked on the carpet; his lean muscles were visible in his chest and arms as he moved into the room, and his hair seemed especially artfully tousled. John looked closely, and he was pretty sure Sherlock was wearing subtle eyeliner.
“At this point, if you were seeming amenable, the sensation play could become more sexual. I might bring out some lubricant and begin toying with your crease, oiling up your anus. I might find out how much you do or don’t enjoy testicular play.”
“There’s a lot you don’t know about me yet, Sherlock.”
“No, actually. Not really something that’s encouraged in the Army of the United Kingdom.”
. You were off by over 300 kilometres.”
“Yes.”
“Your brother wants to know if everything is okay!”
of other STDs you could pick up or even transmit as the licker. Play safe! Also, plastic wrap is much easier to obtain and wrangle (lots more acreage to work with; just mark it so you know which side is whose side).
Mum and Da
“Come now, don’t be
“Oh god...you don’t think that’s what
“That’s my business.”
“Curry?”
“He wouldn’t let me leave.”
Sherlock growled softly.
(See the end of the chapter for
An antlered head poked around the cave entrance and emitted loud annoyed chatter, then disappeared.
“You are always in
When he got back to the car, he didn’t get in.
Sherlock gave John a wicked grin. “Depends on how you want to start; but yes, it will do for now.”
, did you bring into this? You know the rules. Absolutely no one outside the Council is to know about any of this.
Sherlock decided to reveal a bit more of himself. “Also...I’ve spent some time at Fort Point. It’s peaceful there, yet quite eerie. A perfect place to go and think. Which led me to study a bit about the bridge, as it is such a part of the fort, now.”
He tromped around in the damp leaves mouldering from last autumn. It was impossible to walk with his usual grace and silence. The shoes flopped about on his feet, and the trousers pinched, and his head was getting hot. He grumbled, took a deep breath, and stumbled about again with determination.
John slipped quarter after quarter into the jukebox as Sherlock picked at a field greens salad and tried not to wince as each overplayed golden oldie blared over the loudspeakers. Every time John looked up at him, he schooled his features to his usual pleasant façade. John didn’t seem to notice; Sherlock was glad, as the relaxed contentment with the food and the ambiance was clearly novel to this broken ex-soldier. He congratulated himself on providing first-rate service to this new client, as per usual.
“Fine, you make sure I stay here in this dry cave when it’s all thundery and wet out there.” A thought occurred, and Johnny peered back into the cave. This clearly wasn't the deer boy's home; there was nothing here but a hard dirt floor. “Although this cave might be pretty scary too...there aren’t any bats in here, are there?”
For a moment, everything seemed to hang on the precipice of John’s decision whether to continue this madness or return to the safety of his stultifying London existence. He wondered whether this was a decision that would have to be made again and again, and he resolved not to take John’s acquiescence for granted.
Ever since he started watching humans, he’d been solving the silly transgressions they got up to. In the past year, he’d solved several mysteries: he’d figured out who killed the man whose body was found in a lake; he’d found the boy whose disappearance in the forest led to so many loud people tramping through the eastern part of the woods (he’d put the poor child’s body someplace obvious to be found); and he’d prevented the murder of two women in a tent (who moaned far more than seemed necessary) when he threw a tree branch on a man in green and brown artificial fur and knocked him out, then encouraged some hogs to find the campsite—the resulting tumult as the hogs delighted in some unexpected food led the women to find the man outside and remove themselves from the area.
John meekly complied.
“We’ll see. Here, let’s get you cleaned up.” Sherlock rolled the condom off John and ducked into the loo, coming back with one of the improbably soft flannels damp with warm water. He sponged John off and dropped the flannel on the floor; then he leaned over and gave John a gentle, closed-mouth kiss. He finished the cleanup by drying John with a few tissues.
: 28.5 minutes /
Lectures has the less common ‘lektchurs’ spelling.
“Fucking Brussles sprouts again. What is fucking wrong with this kitchen.” She shoved the tray away from herself, pulled out a flask, and tipped it into the can of soda in front of her. “How are you holding up, Private Go-Getter? You any closer to that medical degree?”
Sherlock rolled over and tried to kiss John; John leaned out of reach.
“He said he’s been warning the Americans about this for months and they refused to listen. I believe something happened to his contact here, and he has been dealing with more traditional bureaucratic channels. I expect this debacle will help him make his case for future negotiations, though things will only truly be solved when his contact is reinstated or he develops another. All real governing is done between individuals. The rest is for show.
Sherlock had turned the car’s high beams on, and no cars approached from the other direction to make him flick it off. The bubble of bright light made everything seem even more surreal, painting the upcoming road in stark black and white and leaving the trees to form a solid wall of black above them. The car had slowed to 45 miles per hour, not just in deference to the speed limit but also due to the sheer challenges of the road. The windows were rolled down, and the thick scent of evergreens filled the car.
“I guess I’ll have to get used to this now.”
“Not at all. The equipment here is just as good as that at Mister S, if a little more do-it-yourself, and it’s about a tenth of the price.”
“Absolutely not, John. That would be a horrible idea and you’d never let me in the first place.”
, you mean.” Sherlock stepped out of the bed with as much dignity as he could muster and stalked to the bathroom, shutting the door firmly and starting the shower. He caught a glimpse of himself in the mirror and had to allow that perhaps John had a bit of leeway to tease when it came down to it.
“We could go several directions at this point. I could order you to lift yourself onto your knees, so that I could have full access to your cock, which would doubtless be full and thick by then. I could begin fingering you. Or I could simply put on a condom and start fucking you.”
About two months after John met Captain McIntyre in the canteen, she sat down across from him on his 0200 lunch hour.
“So are you, it seems.”
“Well, thank you, then, Mr Holmes. I appreciate it?”
“No, no mate with Fawnlock. Mate with other humans. Lot of humans.”
Then he began to sing.
! Betty Grable and Don Ameche—”
Greg had explained, when this arrangement had started, that Fawnlock was self-taught and might be lacking in some general knowledge. Something about his parents being dead and he and his brother being on their own; somehow they had never ended up in school. So she wasn’t completely surprised to find that he didn’t seem to know anything about biology or anatomy; he seemed to have focused entirely on chemistry to the exclusion of all other fields of study.
Soon John found himself in a tiny tea house, sipping a bitter herbal creation at a low table. The saving grace was that the noise level was much more normal in this venue. Hip hop music was playing incongruously over the racket of chattering hipsters in the delicately appointed room.
John slept very deeply. Sherlock watched over him the entire time; he kept John cradled in his arms, kept the covers tucked around John’s lax body, and watched the expressions shift on his face as he dreamed. He was surprised to find that he was not, for even a moment, bored. From time to time, he brushed his fingers softly through John’s hair or leaned down to kiss him tenderly on his temple. Sometimes this made John snuffle and snuggle deeper into his pillow. Or sometimes it made him sigh a little and press closer to Sherlock, which made Sherlock’s heart feel fancifully as though it was swelling, each time. He even found himself, absurdly, with tears in his eyes when the act of rubbing the backs of his knuckles oh-so-gently against John’s cheek made John smile in his sleep.
“Oh, I like that bounce.” He spanked it a few more times, admiring the way the ivory flesh wobbled. The movement appealed to something very primitive in his brain, something he couldn’t really access intellectually, and he thought he should explore that more while he whacked a pinking buttock again.
In fact, this fic has spun out to be rather bigger than I expected in my head, at least 10-15 chapters' worth. Updates will be terribly erratic due to starting 2 classes in the fall along with 3/4-time work (first time I've had to do 2 classes while working).
: 25 minutes /
most definitely surprising.
“Oh, fuck you, Sherlock,” John said tiredly. “It’s been a long day. I had to visit a bunch of monks and worry about being turned into some celibate cult member. Then I was reminded of my convenient surprise-attack impotency, endured a stealth meditation, ate a whole duck, seduced the master of seduction, had a nightmare so fantastic that I beat up my new boyfriend, got turned into a puddle in the shower by said boyfriend, and then brilliantly got off that very same boyfriend. I think I’m entitled to a little temporary celibacy.”
“Of course I am.”
, he thought.
Suddenly John was aware again of the cuffs on his wrists and ankles and it felt as though they were bound to the bed, but he was not frightened. Instead he felt secure, cared for, fundamentally connected to the bed such that no one could get past Sherlock to hurt him. For some reason this feeling of attachment was arousing, and he felt his cock give another hopeful pulse.
“Yes, John, yes.”
“See anything you fancy?”
Sherlock mentally bundled the entire problem of John as the Reluctant Client into a ball and carried it to the Sorting Room in his Mind Palace, shoved it in without looking, and slammed shut the door. He proceeded to match his already rhythmic breathing with the frontal lobe clearing that he had learned was counter-intuitively useful in providing focus for the rest of his non-meditative, waking hours. Slowly he let the flurry of stray thoughts that appeared gently waft to the floor of the palace like so many autumn leaves, packing down to create a rich imagined loam on the spongy floor of his brain.
“None of my beeswax. You learn in the hotel business to keep your eyes and ears open and your mouth shut. We all know something’s going on; we don’t know what it is, but we will protect Sherlock with our lives. These fools with guns don’t seem to have a clue, but you can count on the St Regis to watch out for you. You too, Dr Watson. You’re treating Sherlock well, so you’re under our watch too.”
“Tomorrow, then?” she said with a sudden realization.
“Then don’t ask.”
“I think it’s sweet! And how would
“Good night, dear heart.”
—yep, that must be John’s prostate.
here. I’ll tell them to leave it off; we’ll see what we get.”
Thanks for listening; more chapters to come as soon as I can!
When John had downed half the bottle, Sherlock took it from him and handed him the candy. “Eat this, all of it.”
In fact, as hard as Johnny looked, he could only see forest in any direction. He listened and heard only sounds of the woods: no cars, no lawnmowers, no one talking. After a few minutes he realized he didn’t even hear planes flying overhead. He shivered and the hair on the back of his neck rose as a cloud passed over the sun, and suddenly the forest seemed really quite close and dark. He set down his pack and dug in it for the compass, rallying a bit as he saw the bright colors on the front of his Silver Surfer comic book and remembered that this was just a walk, that people existed and were likely close by, and that the world hadn’t suddenly shifted.
“I suppose. But I reserve veto power!”
John and Sherlock make their escape.
“Is there more to getting fucked than that? People seem to enjoy being opened up; they seem to like prostate stim, but not the ‘bang bang bang’ that they always want to do to me; what seems to work is very light touches, very delicate, like I did with you. I suppose you’re only the second person I’ve ever even wanted to do anything sexual with; you’re the second person I’ve ever wanted to
John was amazed at how Sherlock had responded to being pinned down. He hadn’t had any idea how he was going to bring Sherlock to the edge, but teasing him was an urge that had popped into his head, and he’d just run with it, doing what felt good. After the day they had had, he had needed to assert his Right to Sherlock. First he’d had to talk to Mycroft and find out that horrible things had happened to Sherlock in the recent past that he could not go and fix. Then those horrible things had reached out to try to kill them both. And Mycroft had reached out to try to take over their lives, with invasive movie-style secret agents—and then he’d found out that all week, people had been watching and listening to him have sex with this man with whom he had fallen in love! Including his meddling brother!
Sherlock shrugged on the t-shirt even as he was herding John to an exit. “When we get outside, we need to run. Look for a tiny black car.”
“Do you mind?”
to get him away from that evil son-of-a-bitch.”
The male agent sighed almost undetectably. “I assure you, sir, your brother is already well aware and has made his opinion on our performance clear. We are to escort you to your room, if you please.”
“We’re fleeing San Francisco, probably for our lives, in a tiny borrowed car. We’ve left everything I brought with me back in a hotel I’ll never see again. I have no idea how or when or even if I’ll ever go home again, which means that I am now jobless and destitute. And we are evidently being followed by ‘special agents’ who couldn’t protect us if we were in a sealed box at the bottom of the ocean.”
have magic silverware and I am always delighted by it. (For some reason, some diner silverware is magnetic. Various theories have been drunkenly proposed for this, none of which seem particularly plausible.) And by the way, I don’t care how corny the name is, Moons Over My Hammy is the most delicious dish on the Denny’s menu. YUM. I order it regularly without the slightest hint of irony or embarrassment.
“Sherlock, I’m gonna CUM, QUICK Sherlock, FUCK ME HARDER…”
Recorded by A-Ha; Lyrics written by Magne Furuholmen, Morten Harket, and Pål Waaktaar
—that stopped the voice, and Fawnlock looked up at him, betrayed.
John noticed that Sherlock didn’t really seem to be joking.
“Irrelevant. You are the most interesting person I’ve ever met. If my feelings get hurt, that’s on me; I’m not supposed to have feelings.”
“I’m sorry I wasn’t here when you needed me.”
“I think you are the most unconventional, risk-taking medical professional I’ve ever met.”
“Don’t patronize me, you prick.”
John blinked, and was about to say something—anything—when he realized that the call was disconnected. He gaped at Sherlock.
John looked taken aback.
“You live in my house, you live by my rules,” Lestrade bellowed the first morning after he found Fawnlock’s “business” just outside the back door. “You will learn to use an indoor toilet!”
“Pun intended.”
Right at the moment, though, he wasn’t quite sure what was coming next. John’s unpredictable behavior had him off-balance. He wanted to let go and trust this man who had wormed into his heart in just a few days, but he was trying to remember that he was far from helpless; he knew exactly how to use his mind and his body to remove himself from a situation if it was not okay.
The first song was fairly inoffensive: an early jazz recording with the gentle backbeat of a banjo. Somehow, the understated melody, with a simplistic 4/4 time, was precisely the right accompaniment to the quiet, dark drive. Fewer cars were on the road now, and Sherlock was certain he had lost their following car.
“Sherlock? Sherlock, could I trouble you?”
“Now, this is a little trickier. If you want to go forwards or backwards, you’ll need to use these two buttons, here.” The book man pushed something and the box whirred. He pushed the bit that made the voice come on and opened the book to the first page.
“Yeah. Share.” Johnny unwrapped the clingwrap from one sandwich and handed it to the deer boy. It was a bit smushed but it would still taste good.
“Uh, he’s your boyfriend?”
He soon learned the purpose of the dental dam when he found that Sherlock was able to keep most of John’s cock in his mouth and still reach down with his fantastically long tongue to lick at the seam between John’s balls.
“Bloody fuck, I love you.” John muttered as he coated his hand with slick from the nearby bottle. He took a moment to curl his fingers into a fist, warming the lube. “One finger now.”
He collapsed on his cot in the early morning hours completely wrung-out, falling asleep almost instantly, and five hours later hopped up ready to face the day. He was excused from morning reveille due to his late-night post; none of the other privates in Phase 2 were working outside the classes and PT, but he was determined to learn medicine as quickly as he could, and lowly as his orderly chores were, he felt he was becoming steeped in hospital culture and routine and was certain that it could only speed him along on his journey to become a doctor.
“Okay, that’s more than enough sentiment for one morning. I would like you to give this to Susan; do not say whom it is from. Have a blessed life, Molly Hooper.” Sherlock handed Molly an envelope, stood gracefully, and headed for the door. John scrambled to catch up.
this on the test. Okay, so there’s the corpus cavernosum, and the corpus spongiosum, and the urethra.” Johnny was using words that were unfamiliar to Fawnlock, and he was pointing to black squiggles on the picture that were similar to the black squiggles that filled most of the leaves in the strange piles. What did that mean? Fawnlock sat back down to think.
The room was dark compared to the bright sun outside, and he blinked rapidly while his eyes adjusted. The walls were lined with bound leaf bundles in all different colors. He felt himself trembling with nerves and firmly told himself to stop being ridiculous. Looking around, he spied a human sitting at a wooden contraption similar to the one Johnny had in his room. The man smiled at him in a friendly way, so he walked carefully over.
He could feel Sherlock smile around his cock.
. And it’s no skin off my nose if you do; I’d be delighted to have you there. But we’re talking about you dropping your whole life here for someone you just met, that you don’t really know. You haven’t thought this through. It’s reckless.”
Felix is, of course, the fabulous Felix Dawkins, played by Jordan Gavaris, from “Orphan Black”. You can see a picture in the outfit I used
Lyrics to “Take on Me” from
Sherlock wet a washcloth, and while John drank the water, he gently wiped the sweat from John’s forehead and neck. John set the glass down on the table by the bed and buried his face in his hands.
Fawnlock immediately began gathering bottles from the chemical cupboard and laying them out on the counter below. Greg watched him and bit his lip. Quietly, he murmured to Molly,
He turned around and grinned at John with a kind of glee John hadn’t seen before. John swallowed. Maybe this wouldn’t be so bad.
John hesitated.
“No, I want to go alongside.”
, Dr Watson, is he okay?”
(“Caring is not an advantage, little brother.”)
“That’s sloppy. I shouldn’t be able to see that.”
loved Madeline L’Engle as a child
“I don’t...I’ve, I’ve never talked about it. I don’t know how.”
any of the times the teen left the tent to “piss” against a tree. Fawnlock forced himself to open his eyes and continued to watch as both teens stroked each other’s members.
He couldn’t seem to count the seconds at the same time as his heart beats, though. He never had trouble with that, able to keep the two counts in his head separate, effortlessly. Usually.
“I want to go to the Castro District.”
“Yes, John; it’s okay to take something to steady your nerves.”
’ somethin’ to dream about!”
“What time is it?”
If only he hadn’t had to come to America in the first place. But that was not worth dwelling upon.
Sherlock paused, whenever his mouth began to get dry, to take sips of water. He wanted this to be an extremely wet, slippery experience for John. At one point, he filled his mouth with water and then drizzled it slowly into John’s arse crack, leading to a lot of groaning and cursing.
“And your point is?”
. That is not an exaggeration. Yes, I’m just his little brother, but this is an excellent safety drill for them. If they cannot assemble reasonable security on a moment’s notice
Johnny starts to grow up.
“Put your shoe on and tell me what else you saw.”
Johnny has no idea how to get home.
“B-but we do. You’re leaving in two days—one and a half, really. And...and I can’t bear the thought of...of being without you, John. I can’t...I can’t be parted from you. Something will happen, I know it. And I’ll never see you again.” Sherlock’s face began to crumple. Molly scrunched over so that she was pressed against Sherlock’s other side.
John was just about to say something--he wasn’t sure what, but it wasn’t going to be good--when Sherlock sighed.
(See the end of the chapter for
John could hear voices in the hallway as people from other rooms headed for the stairway. He also heard the agents’ raised voices, trying to direct movement and clear the hall.
Moosecroft ignored the jibe. “I am aware of your ill-advised, continued observation of the creatures. You were there when the fire began?”
“The Annoying Fuck’s minions found us again. See that car a mile back?”
“What’s got into you, Johnny?” his mum asked, pausing in the middle of critiquing Harry’s latest ear piercing.
—death. Do you understand? Sherlock would pray to a God he does not believe in for death every minute, of every day, for
John’s comment about bisexuals not having to come out is consistent with my own personal experience. I do not intend any bisexual erasure, nor do I intend to imply anything about anyone else’s bisexual experience. It’s fiction, darlings.
John groaned.
“When we get up there,” he said, once he was sure his voice would sound its normal bass note of confidence, “we shall have to go to a room in the basement of the university library. I have passports, money, and some other things that we will need, hidden at the bottom of an archival box of Native American history. Then we can book a flight out of the miniscule airport to wherever takes our fancy. Well, I
“Yes it is. You need to know that from the start. He is horrible, fat, absolutely useless, untrustworthy, unreliable, and has had it in for me since the day I was born.”
"John, we need bees."
- - -
Mycroft flips quickly through the images, raises an eyebrow, and Antemnestra says "The report detailing your brother's movements over the past 24 hours," and produces a sheaf of papers from nowhere.
Mycroft’s goons, sixteen-year partners who have seen it all together and lived to tell the tale, are lost in each other and have rolled down the slight incline and into Boating Lake with a mild splash.
. Sherlock. That corner over there," he points. Then he points to the other corner. "John, over there. And don't even so much as look at each other." They obey, but Lestrade can practically see the tension stretching between them.
"Now," he says, "I want you to explain to me why a half-naked man brought a box that makes people's clothes disappear into my squad room, and I want to know why it had your name on it."
Sherlock's mouth is on John's, John's fists are in Sherlock's hair, and neither can tell who is moaning louder. Sherlock pulls back to latch his mouth onto John's neck and John gasps, "Fuck,
He doesn’t, however, fail to notice his flatmate. John always notices Sherlock. He’s fairly certain that he’d notice Sherlock first in the middle of Paddington Station during the morning rush. When he’s feeling fanciful, he sometimes allows himself to consider Sherlock his lodestone.
“What’s up, boss?” he asks as he saunters into the other room.
Then Jim squeals -- not because of anything Seb's done, of course not -- and clicks on an audio feed timestamped five minutes ago.  Seb recognizes the voices.  Damn.  Can’t even fuck the boss without that bastard Holmes coming into it.
"Just  once more." Jim holds up a finger, then giggles, adds another. "Or  twice." He loosens his tie, cracks his neck to the side.
"He's right," John says.
Sherlock has at least pulled his trousers back into place, and John is wearing his jumpsuit, but Lestrade does not want to think about ever having to use his desk again. The ache in his groin is settling to a dull pain, the erection wilting slowly. "Well?" he repeats.
"Was it fun, Tiger? Did you like going in there like the cock-of-the-walk, all cheeky? Did you like knowing what was waiting for you at home?" He walks his fingers up Seb's arm and Seb growls, pinning Jim to the wall.
He begins to thrust more urgently, partly in a petty attempt to get Jim's attention, but mostly because he has a feeling he won't have much more time.  He's not happy to be proven right.  Jim's back stiffens, and he starts babbling about mutant bee stings and Regent's Park, and apparently that's where they're off to now.  Seb looks down at his newly Jimless cock, sighs, and goes in search of backup clothing.
Except in bed, that is.
John is fascinated by how many of them seem to involve him.
By the time they get there, John is slightly out of breath, and Sherlock’s muttered dialogue-to-self has taken an odd turn. It’s as though his internal dialogue has become external. Every thought, every calculation, every leap of logic and deduction, all given voice, though he seems to be trying to keep his voice down.
Sherlock’s eyes widen in alarm. “No - don’t .... RUN!” he shouts, and lunges towards Jim, Seb, and the hive tree. Of course, John follows.
The taxi ride to the Yard is unbearable. John can't stop thinking about Sherlock's breath on his neck, what he might have done next, how it would have progressed. He mentally shakes himself, casually dropping his hand to his inner thigh to press on the erection that is rising. When he glances at Sherlock, Sherlock is looking back, eyes bright, licking his lips and rubbing his fingers on his trousers, back and forth, back and forth. "Hope you sort this out quickly," John says, his voice rough. He's having trouble concentrating.
"Not sending. You're delivering, love. More personal that way."
“Seb, get in here!” Jim calls. He sounds utterly pleased with himself.
at that damned box again I'm going to throw you in jail for indecent exposure."
"John, we aren't in our right minds. Clearly something in those bees' stings is affecting our... emotions."
Sherlock’s babbling gives John an idea. John begins to stroke Jim’s cock and then squeezes just below the head, hard. “Mr Moriarty, I am having an unusual day. And I suspect you’re behind it. Now, I’m not going to let you come until you start telling us what the
our cards on the table.”
They reach Lestrade's office and find him looking askance at a brown-paper wrapped package on his desk. "This was brought in by -- get this -- a bloke half-naked, wearing gold lamé pants and combat boots and a full hard-on. Bloody uncomfortable, that. I was about to ask him what he was on about, but he slipped out the door and..."
. Don't eat bananas or pears around hives, kids.
, she thinks, clambering into the driver’s seat and fumbling the keys out of her pocket. She switches off the AC and flips on the sirens, tearing along the Inner Circle roadway. “Come on, your Majesty.”
Mycroft can see their rate and direction of travel plainly laid out by the numbers.  A note at the top of the page states that John (and his phone) were never farther than five feet from Sherlock during the interval surveyed.  Mycroft can see where the two of them hesitated, sped up, waited, travelled aimlessly or with purpose.  And he can see that the tale told by the numbers before Regent's Park is different in quality from that shown afterward.
, John, this isn't... isn't normal, we're having a reaction, and you..."
John  inhales sharply, stands up. "Yes, back to the park before anyone else  gets stung, of course." Sherlock looks frantic -- struggling against  more words, perhaps?-- but John is babbling again. "You'd better let me  look at that sting, Sherlock, make sure it's all right -- give me your  wrist, best thing to do under the circumstances, don't you think?"
couldn't be arsed to pull the blinds on my windows before shagging in my
"So am I," Seb says, reaching for Jim greedily.
John raises an eyebrow. "You normally can't stop talking, Sherlock, how is this any different than usual?"
“Mmm.” Sherlock disappears into his head.
Sherlock is still standing there like a bloody x-rated statue, and John—well, Lestrade doesn't want to know what John is doing behind Sherlock, but the sound doesn't leave much to the imagination. Lestrade takes another deep breath and says, "I said, off my desk. And if either of you so much as
“John’s gone to war, been injured, then went to war again here at home. He’s been through some good times and a few bad; a couple we won’t mention today. But through everything, John has stoically fought his way through. I consider him to be one of my best mates even though he always bets against Manchester United to win.” Chuckles.
Nodding, “I will come see you before I leave, the staff here have been most accommodating.” Turning to address John, “I wanted to stop by and let you know your MRI is clear, nothing to worry about. There is a bit of soft tissue damage and swelling.” He reaches into his pocket, removing a thumb drive. “Thought you might want a copy of the scan.”
Something I dreamed the other night...
After supper, we bathe Rosie and put her to bed together. Sherlock has been reading to her every night since I moved back in. We’ve long finished Treasure Island and my old anatomy tome. Tonight he started basic chemistry.
“Go easy Robert, I want them to last… we’re not gonna get much loot out of ‘em. We can still have some fun with them though.” Nodding toward John, “Secure his hands behind his back, oh and wrap him around the pillar. Can’t have him getting away now can we?” Turning back to Sherlock before clasping a set of Lestrade’s purloined handcuffs on the detective, hands behind his back. “So good of you to come prepared for me.” She purrs at Sherlock, before adding menacingly, “Okay, first I want to know how you found out about us. We were careful about not leaving anything incriminating behind.” Waving a long, sharp filet knife in Sherlock’s face again, eye to eye backing him up closer to John.
“Do I have to Bond when I grow up?” He young boy cocks his head to the side.
He leans forward and whispers in my ear “I hope to be doing something else after the shower sir.” Nipping my earlobe as he straightens. I’m going to lose control quickly at this rate, I’m already half hard.
“You can dance.” Purred in a deep baritone.
“I’d like to see you try.” Sherlock growls back.
“We don’t live in filth Sherlock…”
“I believe Inspector Lestrade let her know personally. Do you require assistance?” Mycroft noticed John had pressed the call button.
John need to have surgery again as there is a missing sponge…
Teary grin, “Who could compare with you?”
“No, didn’t mention a thing to him.” I reply as I open the door for them.
Greg’s head snaps up from playing with his bread, this is news to him. He says quietly “Wow”.
“Nobody perfect… even you” mumbled, followed by a groan. John squints one eye open again, then the other; closes both with a moan. “Two” whispered through clenched teeth.
“Mr Holmes?” A tired looking surgeon comes into the sparse room pulling John from his darkening thoughts.
“Such a good, clever boy” I murmur in his ear as he falls asleep with a smile on his face.
“Do you have a case on?” John wonders what Sherlock is thinking about. Laying down under the sheets.
Sherlock turns on the light on the desk, noticing John shut his eyes at the light. Frowning Sherlock moves closer, “You look grey John, should you look grey? What are your symptoms?”
Sherlock is smirking, Greg looks shocked and Donovan looks utterly confused.
“What do you require? I’ll do whatever you need from me… I’m here to help” not knowing what was on his mind.
“Yeah, let’s see - ‘bar cabinet’” He clicks the file and it shows half the shelves full of assorted boxes of tea, including Twining’s and PG Tips. “Maybe not a heathen after all” Sherlock mumbles just loud enough for me to hear. One of the other shelves is boxes coffee pods. The top shelf has peanut butter, Nutella, sugar, non-dairy creamer, butter dish, a basket of instant drink mixes. Bottom shelf has larger containers marked ‘rice’, ‘sugar’, ‘flour’ and ‘Bisquick’ along with bottles of vinegars and different oils.
The commotion brings in two more guards, who are more cautious after seeing their colleagues’ injuries. The guards move slowly, staying just out of reach, guiding John back toward the table behind him with beer gut guy. John feels a pinch at his neck, reaching back he feels a needle injecting him with something that is making him very groggy, extremely quickly. Just before he passes out, he feels the whip being pulled from his lax hand quickly followed by the bite of the whip again across his back and a vicious kick to his right side over his kidney.
“Oh God yes!” I stop what I am doing and open my bedside drawer and bring out a condom and a bottle of lubricant.
“No, it’s… it’s not that. Just never thought you would ever want one is all.” I stammer out.
Sherlock nervous, “I am sorry about that…”
I notice out of the corner of my eye Sherlock has risen with Rosie and is headed over. He hands Mrs. H Rosie and gives them both a hug and Mrs. H a peck on the cheek. He then takes his tea and a handful biscuits and goes to his chair to sit.
Mrs. H places Sherlock’s plate in front of him. John puts his last piece of bacon on Sherlock’s plate “You should really eat more love.” Smiling fondly.
“I didn’t want an Alpha telling me what to do. Not allowing me to work, forcing me to stay home and tend the house… keep me barefoot and pregnant.” The last bit spit out in frustration.
Sorry this chapter is short... the next one makes up for it though!
“I will need medical supervision when I’m released and I refuse anyone else to help me but you.”
Our limo is waiting for us out front when we finish dinner and walk out of the restaurant. The drive back to the Fairmont is quicker as we have the driver take us directly back. Once ensconced in our room again I take Rosie into her room and start to undress her for a bath. When she’s down to just her nappy Sherlock comes in and removes my suit jacket. When I turn, I see he is in just his pants, a prominent bulge in the front. I feel myself react to the sight and let out a low moan.
We both mention at the same time “Looks like the middle of nowhere!”
Sherlock stops pacing when he next drifts near John. John brings Sherlock in closer for a reassuring hug and pep talk. “We’ll get through this, we always do. We work together on this though, no going off on your own. I’ll grab more ammunition, we go armed until this is finished.”
Unforgettable
Sherlock takes John’s hands between his own, “I promised you I will never use again. You would leave if I were to expose Rosie to drugs. I don’t want to give you an excuse to ever leave me. I need you,” added, leaning in, a whisper, aware of Lestrade listening in, “I love you. Please don’t leave me, I’d be nothing without you. ” Pleading while looking John in the eyes.
“John, is that a nutcracker?”
John examines the body “Poor fellow was tortured. Probably to get the combination for the safe.” He looks at Sherlock “They broke all his fingers and took his wedding band. There are no hesitation marks to any of these cuts.”
“Sir?” The nurse behind the desk asks.
“Ah. Let me check his chart, then I’ll examine him. Let them sleep.” The Doctor informs Mycroft who was about to rouse Sherlock. Doctor Jacobs grabs John’s paper chart and stands next to the propped open door to read. He states, “Oh jolly good” while reading. “Finally a fellow practitioner who knows their meds.” He puts the chart down. “Let us have a look then, shall we?” Heading bed side.
In the end Molly and Mrs. Hudson both take Rosie to the London Zoo for the day using annual passes Sherlock purchased shortly after John moved back to Baker Street.
The cashier is smirking, just barely holding back his laughter.
As we’re putting Rosie to bed that night I ask Sherlock “Is your violin acclimated? I’ve missed hearing you play.”
Sherlock twists as best he can in the chair, he didn’t notice it was bolted to the floor of the cage when he woke. Always something. John is sitting in another chair, he is tied down with ropes. The idiots didn’t even have John in a cage. The trio pale at the smile on Sherlock’s face as he turns back around and situates himself more comfortably in his chair. “I stand by my statement.”
“Yes,” with a fond smile, “it is. Desert gear as a matter of fact, similar to what I wore in Afghanistan.”
In the doorway Sherlock announces, “We’ll have to tread lightly, Crawley is a tricky character. Mycroft has been trying to bring him down unsuccessfully for a number of years now, the man is suspected of blackmailing half of parliament.” Pacing again, “I’m glad I gave a false name and address now… odds are they’ll be looking for us in Surrey.” Addressing John from the doorway again, “Don’t go outside without your identification and be sure that Greg or I are with you for a while… I’ll see if Mycroft can arrange for a leave of absence from your work. You’ll need several weeks to heal completely anyway.”
“What’s that for?” he asks
Sitting back in his chair and raising his eyebrows in epiphany. “Oh. I, um, forgot. What would you like? There is fish, lamb, beef and chicken…”
Anyone found out after curfew was subject to police intervention. No exemptions.
“You don’t have to call me ‘Sir’ or ‘Captain’ in front of others, including Rosie if you don’t want. John will do, no need to alarm people. Not sure how Greg would react to you calling me ‘Sir’“. I smile at him.
“While on a mercy mission I was shot in the left shoulder; through-and-through. It is my dominant side.”
NEVER mix Vicodin/hydrocodone with alcohol as I did in the previous chapter – not good!
Sherlock and I were called in to investigate a murder, turns out there was a pair of them. During the investigation, while on a stake-out, I was attacked. During the attack I was hit upon the head and rendered unconscious, then moved to a different location where Sherlock was able to track me down, thankfully!
He just looks at the blond man on the stage smirking back at him as he answers, sounding bored again, “Obviously.” Taking his seat once again.
Lestrade comes over, putting away his phone, “I’ve called for an ambulance Sherlock. John’s strong, I’m sure he’ll be fine,” patting Sherlock reassuringly on the shoulder.
Arms wrap tight around one another. “You’re brilliant too John.” Hugging tighter, John blushes.
5.	Piercings/Needles
“Sorry sir, didn’t mean to wake you.” He apologizes
“You are not fine, I know. Now let me help you…” Sherlock insists.
Mycroft clears his throat and glances at me. I nod. He addresses Harry “Ms. Watson, if you are serious about getting help I can get you into a rehabilitation facility tonight.”
Mycroft looks pleased, “Ready Sherlock? Mummy and Father will meet us at the airport.” He says the last and turns from me and heads towards the door.
Kevin seems pleased. “Alright. Good. Good.” He picks up one. “These are both the same, one is mine, the other was Diana’s. She ended up with a 12 as well as the 20-guage. These are both side-by-side and have two triggers, one for each chamber. Try not to pull both at once as it will kick like mule!” Kevin shows where the safety is and how to open the breach to load and unload the gun. Closing the breach he hands the shotgun to Sherlock along with two shells.
I’ve been lax again about updating, sorry. Don’t think I mentioned it before, but I have a new job lined up in the New Year. I’ll be a professor at Saint Bartholomew’s Teaching Hospital starting in January! In the meantime, I gave notice at the surgery where I was working. I could use the free time to fully mend and to bond with my daughter. I think Sherlock likes having me around at his beck and call as well.
“Really? Good, that’s, um, good. Good. Tell me what you want.”
1.	Denied orgasm
Captain Watson comes to attention and orders, “Sit.” Pointing at the chair again.
“Hum” I’m sitting in my red overstuffed, armchair checking emails on my laptop. Rosie is upstairs in her room for her mid-morning nap. Sherlock has been laying on the couch in his Mind Palace for the past few hours.
“How many sexual partners have you had?”
Not sure how they are going to get out of this one John slowly and cautiously stands while glancing at Sherlock. Sherlock slightly raises an eyebrow at him asking if he is alright. John shifts his weight between his legs, painful but good in the short term; the ribs are more of a concern, it hurts to breathe. He gives a slight nod in return, he can fight if needs be. Both gestures go by so quickly they are unnoticed by their captors.
“Anyway, Doc Angele will be back in a few” Nurse Betty is snickering as she walks off with the blood samples.
“J, John, I’m close. There again!” he moans out, God he is beautiful!
Kevin picks up the tale “Now that was a mucked up operation if I ever saw one! Our troops kept having skirmishes in the area they sent you Brits, it was far from secure. When we found you, you were pretty out of it. Your wounds were infected and you were delirious. The scum tortured you and Bill, but you were the worse off. Billy boy was able to walk out on his own two feet with support. We had to carry you out on a stretcher, our medic wasn’t sure you’d survive long enough to get back to base camp. Apparently you died for a minute during the first operation.”
Check out was noon, we left a little after eleven after having slept in and had a lovely breakfast. Sherlock drove along the coast road from Eastbourne to Folkestone where we ended up stopping for gas and a coffee. From there we ended up following the M20 then the A20 back to London with a few breaks along the way to stretch our legs and a quick lunch.
Sherlock strips me down to my pants then heads into Rosie’s bathroom to start the water running in her tub. I follow after removing Rosie’s nappy. He’s in the tub waiting for us when I come in. I hand her down to him, and sit myself into the other end of the large tub, legs entangled. I’m a giddy, lust filled mess by the time Rosie is bathed, dried, dressed and put to bed.
“You know my methods John” he jokes back at me. He leans down and starts to kiss me, walking me under the showerhead spray. He has the bottle of lube in one hand and is cupping the back of my head with the other. The kisses are getting deeper and more passionate.
“But one day, everything started to change, for the better. That was the day Sherlock Holmes first met Doctor John Watson. Sherlock and John, true love is not always that easy to come by. That's why when it is found, it's all the more special. I look at you guys, and I see true love in abundance. I love and respect you guys. And I truly mean that. If things get hard, just remember how happy you were on this day, and always see each other the way you see each other right now.”
“It’s fine, good.” I reach over and cup my hand over his holding the jar. Sherlock tenses under my touch. I adjust my grip to take his pulse, elevated. His eyes are dilated. Interesting. “So good in fact I believe you deserve a reward…” I rise and walk around behind him, leaning in I softly purr in his ear “What would you like as a treat love?” I run my hands over his shoulders and down his chest, kissing behind his ear and along his jaw.
Looking up at me smiling, “Yeah. Apparently Joe likes poultry and wants to put in a large coop to raise a variety of birds for eggs and meat. Kevin stated they agreed the monthly rent will be a dozen eggs once the chickens start laying.”
Stephon hands Sherlock the receipt along with two empty ring boxes in a bag.
“Nice guy.” I growl back. I take a calming breath “Is he why you started using?” I inquire. Sherlock isn’t always so open, I’ll gather as much information while I can.
“Mycroft is a Beta dearest, he can’t Bond with an Alpha. You being an Omega however…”
“Sargent Burg texted to suggest I check at the local VA Hospitals. Good idea that, though not everyone seeks help.“
“I thought it would bring out the color of your eyes. You should wear it when we visit my parents for Christmas dinner.”
We step out of the elevator and are greeting by Donovan. “Ah, the Freak and his little Pet. How quaint!” She sneers, the disdain is just oozing out of her pores.
The Personal Blog of
“You don’t know that.” Concerned.
Looking over at Sherlock, “You feel alright?” Bemused.
“Sorry. Right. I’ll go check then. Be right back.” Subdued, yet still excited about the case.
“Isn’t Quincy a trauma surgeon? You can’t operate with your tremor!”
Even worse, will anyone miss him? Sherlock has been gone for two years now. He alienated himself from Mrs. Hudson, Greg Lestrade and Molly Hooper.
“Pardon, I couldn’t quite catch that” Sherlock looks confused.
I wander toward the loo calling out to Kevin “Good morning, smells good” on my way past the kitchen.
“Ah, I’ll stop by on my way out then. I have a PT session in…” checks his watch “twenty minutes with Kevin.”
The street door buzzer sounds, Sherlock goes to answer it as Greg studies the file more while scowling.
Sherlock shrugs, frowning, “I don’t see the problem. We’ve shared before.”
“Doctor Watson” Mycroft hails.
Three poisonings at three different homes scattered across greater London had the officers of NSY pulling out their hair as the press had a field day extolling their failure to catch the culprit responsible. Of course the constables had to call in Sherlock and John to see if they could catch the perpetrator.
“I’ll probably just add it to the stack out front. I stopped at Costco and picked up some steaks, guess we can have them tomorrow. Whatever you’re cooking smells delicious.”
I walk back to John as he mumbles again “bloody piss”.
Sherlock backs up to where a road forked off to the cabin. He drives up without complaint from Kevin. We find an old A-frame house with an open garage behind. The garage is half full of split firewood. A pair of old white toilets sit on either side of the door with ferns growing out of the bowls. There is a sign over the front door ‘The Dear Den’. “Quaint” Sherlock remarks.
“Olaf? Will Sven try to eat his nose?”
John answers while he carefully ties another stitch one handed with Sherlock’s assistance, “Not really a good idea to be that close to a patient.” Sherlock quirks an eyebrow at him with a grin as he snips the thread when and where John indicates. John doesn’t even try to argue, he knows when he’s beaten. “Guess I could ask Mike a favour, see if I can get a few supplies. Have him run the tests through his office.” They tie the last stich “Do you want to do it here at the hospital or at home.” John knew the answer before it fully left his mouth.
“Fuck…, you…
With a theatrical sigh, Sherlock settled down into his lap again. “If we must, not that it’s anyone else’s business.”
************************************************|
********************************************************
Silently, he walked over to Sherlock, looking down at him as Sherlock leaned back against the sofa and tilted his head back, exposing the fine lines of his neck and collarbones. Only the movement of his throat as he swallowed gave any sense of what he was feeling.
When I started this, it turned into something completely different to what I originally imagined.  Its become my own personal fix-it fic, not just fixing the story lines, but fixing the boys as well.  They are still telling me more of those stories so there will be more.
“Cheeky bastard. How does pickled eyeballs on toast sound, as I bet you haven’t done any shopping.” John poked him in the ribs.
***************************************************
*********************************************************************
“What? First one to come wins?” He slid the dressing gown down to the floor and tugged Sherlock’s pyjama top off, smoothing his hands over the planes of his chest.
“That was beautiful. Thought you had passed out for a moment.” Wallowing in the afterglow, Sherlock reluctantly opened his eyes to see John grinning at him and saying, “Back in a sec.”
Called out to a rather disturbing crime scene, both John and Sherlock face off with Sally Donovan and some necessary things are said out loud.
A jaw-cracking yawn caught John by surprise, then a gurgle from his stomach, sounding absurdly loud. He slumped forward, leaning his forehead against Sherlock’s collarbone. “What’s with the fancy hamper?”
This is a long chapter and quite a bit happens in it, but I promise there is a gentle soft landing at the end.
****************************************************
“Oh,” Sherlock smirked, “well in that case, you can go first next time.”
Sherlock gave him his adorable, one-sided smile, “I’m bored. And you, John Watson are
Nestling into the cuddle, Sherlock closed his eyes, humming in appreciation.
*******************************************************************
(See the end of the chapter for
*********************************************************************************
He slid his hand up into those wild, dark curls and rolled in as Sherlock leaned down and kissed him with a slow tenderness that left him lightheaded, dizzy,
“Is there any actual food in it?”
I write my story, compliments of the voices in my head. If you like it, I would love to hear about it. If you don't, then move on to the next story.
Sherlock deigns to meet with a behavioural specialist, John actually does lose his shit but for good reason.
“Fuck, you are gorgeous… is that how you like it? Harder… oh… that’s it, darling, fuck my fist… let me see you come… let me hear you… I bet you look like a fallen angel… god, so fucking beautiful…”
Sherlock retrieved his clothing from the floor and sauntered into the kitchen, saying lightly, “I’m sure she has learned her lesson.” It was beginning to get on John’s nerves, just how unbothered Sherlock was about this. Then he remembered something he had read
boring when you are naked.”
AUTHORS NOTE:
“I asked you to kiss me,” John grumbled as he pulled Sherlock’s head down to kiss him again with a ruthless, practised intensity. Combined with the other hand, that was now kneading into his arse and grinding their cocks together, it was too much, and still not enough. He moaned, and felt John shudder in reply.
It was late when John finally let himself into 221B Baker Street. Ella had given him space to decompress, and then he’d taken to the streets, walking until his head finally settled. Leaving his shoes at the foot of the stairs, he stood and listened. Sherlock normally gave away his emotional state with the violin, but only the now-familiar strains of recorded classical music could be heard.
I write my story, compliments of the voices in my head. If you like it, I would love to hear about it. If you don't, then move on to the next story.
Yes the chapter count has gone up by one - these idiots insisted on having sex one last time and it was getting WAY too long as a single chapter.
If you want to leave comments about issues with my representation top/bottom or dom/sub roles, sizes of cocks, complain that your particular kink is not being addressed, or request a particular kink to be included - PLEASE DON'T.
As ever, major and abundant thanks to @Hatknitter for beta services.
If you want to leave comments about issues with my representation top/bottom  or dom/sub roles, sizes of cocks, complain that your particular kink is not being addressed, or request a particular kink to be included - PLEASE DON'T.
but “… oh… oh, yes… harder… yes, like that, oh god… don’t… don’t stop…”
Enjoy some more BAMF John!
Sherlock has several surprises in store for John...
Nearly dropping the plate he was drying in surprise, John gawked at him for a moment before saying quietly to himself, “Yes, you signed up for this, you idiot.”
Teasing, nipping kisses. Slow, deep, hungry kisses. His mouth hot and needy, giving, taking, that unsubtle thrust of tongue
Promising to keep their secret, she pointedly began calling out, “Cooee!” on her way up the stairs, knocking loudly and waiting for a response, before coming in on any future visits.
I have deep personal issues with overly controlling family members so Mycroft really aggravates me, so I decided it was time to do something about it.  I had a lot of fun writing this, so I hope you enjoy it!
As ever, grateful thanks to @Hatknitter for services to the correct use of a comma
AUTHORS NOTE:
Bemused at being so easily outmaneuvered, Sherlock rolled out of bed with a smirk, and strode imperiously toward the kitchen, ignoring the wolf whistle that John sent after him.
What happens after the first kiss, the first night together.  How do you lay down a foundation for a future, navigating each others issues.  How do you recognise what you bring to a relationship, so that you know what ELSE you need to provide?
Well this has gone in an ENTIRELY different direction from the first chapter - possibly nearly halfway through the story as it is, so if you are still reading THANKYOU!!
If you want to leave comments about issues with my representation top/bottom or dom/sub roles, sizes of cocks, complain that your particular kink is not being addressed, or request a particular kink to be included - PLEASE DON'T.
One of the things that particularly bothers me about when two damaged people get together, is how, so often, they magically seem to fix each other.
“You’ll have to find my wallet. God knows where it is. Mmmm, you taste like the good cheese.”
It was the possessive growl in John’s voice that tipped him over the brink, as clever fingers and mouth skirted the edge of pain. Drowning in pleasure, nerves alight with the driving need for release, wordlessly crying out, he came with hard, pulsing thrusts. Trusting John to keep him safe, he floated on the massive endorphin rush, the glow, the fade, the relaxation… until sticky reality made itself known.
Both John and Sherlock have to face up to some truths that they have suppressed.  Wisely, John chooses the mediated structure of therapy for the both of them, and it has its ups and downs.
Only Sherlock could sound
Wow, 18 chapters on and this fic that started with a vague idea for a few chapters has become something quite different.
(See the end of the chapter for
John choked out a laugh, “Oh, dear god, I hope I was ‘sufficient’ then.”
AUTHORS NOTE ON THIS CHAPTER:  I am NOT a medical professional - while I did a lot of research to test the viability of my theories, I apologise if I got anything terribly wrong.  Feel free to point it out if I did!
“I vote for FuckToy, personally, but I’m aware it contravenes several pointless social niceties.”
I write my story, compliments of the voices in my head. If you like it, I would love to hear about it. If you don't, then move on to the next story.
Thumbs traced the creases of John’s thighs before trailing down in teasing caresses that Sherlock followed with his mouth, sucking bruises into the sensitive skin as John groaned and trembled beneath him.
John stared at Sherlock in dismay, wondering what to say. Looking at John’s now-uninterested cock, Sherlock sighed, “No public sex for you, obviously. Shame.”
So here you go as an extra treat :)
A change of pace with this chapter, filling in the gaps of some other conversations off camera.
been whisky in the flat when you wanted some?”
Sherlock rolled gracelessly onto the floor, shuffling forward until he was between John’s spread legs. Leaning in for a kiss, he murmured “Toss you for it?”
, you realise.” But Sherlock, yet again, managed to surprise him as he reached up into the cupboard above the fridge that held his collection of scientific glassware and the like.
