Steve hitches his hips up to try and follow Tony’s body as it tugs at him. It hurts, just that little bit, and he can’t imagine how it must feel to Tony, how upset he must be to try and get away. But he can’t allow Tony to hurt himself, so he gropes at Tony’s shoulders and presses his hips down to pin Tony.
“You know how it is. I am the trouble I want to see in the world,” Tony continues, now looking at Steve like he’s in on some secret joke.
“Don’t do that, and I suppose you won’t be our problem anymore,” Clint affirms, putting the knife back inside one of his many pockets.
I need to hear you.” Steve’s voice was low and dangerous. While Tony’s omega side delighted in the intrinsic threat, the rest of him struggled against the need to obey, his fingers sluggishly reaching for the latch.
“Which is why he can’t stay.” Tony insists, a fake smile plastered on his face, which contrasts with Phil’s knowing little smirk that Tony honestly admires. Phil is a brick wall. Unreadable, unfathomable. It’s unlike Fury’s defense, which seems to utilize the stick up his ass to protect himself from being analyzed.
In the darkness and the pressure from Steve’s body, Tony finally starts to calm, his breathing only slightly labored. Steve is at a loss. It’s one thing to know he’s hurt Tony, but it’s fully another thing to see the fruits of his terrible labor. Watching Tony break as a result of the poor treatment wrenches something in him.
Less than thirty minutes ago, Tony was reminded viscerally that he is an Omega. He remembers he needs to have his heat. The acrimony he feels towards Rogers, towards himself, settles into his bones as he makes towards Engine room 3. Cap doesn’t like him. Doesn’t respect him or see him as anything other than an Omega. There is nothing he can do to change that. But he can be Iron Man. Just for today.
Tony felt an immediate, unshakeable sense of sadness. Kind of like when you realize that bad things can happen to good people, or that Steve Jobs will almost certainly make more money than him over arbitrary time scales. He could not both protect his identity, and eat doughnuts at the same time.
“Don’t worry babe, I’ll make sure he treats you right. And after he’s done, we’ll have saved the best for last,” Bucky says. Steve growls at the other alpha, and Tony quakes. This is not what he had in mind, but he doesn’t see how he’s going to get away. He’s pretty certain he doesn’t want to. Is he a slut for wanting to be taken again by Bucky right after Steve finishes with him? Probably. He’s not good enough for either of them, but if this is what they want, and there isn’t much of a way out, he might as well enjoy it. He’s wanted Steve for so long, and his desire for Bucky is no different.
His shoulder storage opens as the tiny darts of explosives ratchet out, seeking their targets with JARVIS automating the tracking.
“Be gentle with him,” Natasha’s eyes are hard on Steve. “We’ve all had a rough go of it, watching our friends and co-workers succumb to this. He doesn’t need one more thing that he’s going to lose. So whatever you do, you will remain on good terms with him.”
“No, of course not.” Tony searches Steve’s face for a moment after he speaks, but then a small smile appears and Tony tucks his head into the crook of Steve’s neck once more. They stand like that for so long that Steve wants to fall asleep on his feet cradling Tony.
Tony’s metal cock abrades him, plunging in and out of his hole with painful stabs. Tony has his metal hands dug into the globes of Steve’s ass.
“Aww, shucks, Carol, I think that’s the nicest thing you’ve ever said to me since you cut me off at your wedding.”
“I don’t see your husband. Just a drink Tony. He won’t care if you’re late.” That’s not wrong. Steve is indulgent. He’s kind when it comes to these little things that happen to Tony.
“Plan B,” Tony says as he spots Loki standing proudly on his tower. He flies down, eying the smug Norse god loitering on his balcony. It’s a short jaunt into his penthouse from the landing platform, and he feigns arrogance as he walks in with his armor glinting in the well lit atrium. This is a mask he’s well used to wearing, and Tony has to count on it working for Iron Man as well as it does for Tony Stark.
Tony is rooted now, his mind planted firmly in the present moment where all he feels, all he is, is Steve’s. The thrum of his pulse roars through his ears, his senses dulled by the single focal point of the knot that is already inflating inside of him. It grows with each aborted thrust, each steady pump of cum.
“Stevie, I think we have dates to plan.” Bucky inclines his head at Steve, a bit of shyness in the tilt and the small smile he has nestled on his face. Steve slaps a hand on Bucky’s shoulder, grinning with the kind of cheer that is only embodied in Captain America.
“Another time, I’d bathe you. Let you rest and rub those sore muscles out.” The ‘but’ hangs in the air.
Tony presses into the kiss, needy, soft. Steve reaches up to stroke Tony’s hair, and over his ear, his cheek, his chin, and Tony lets him, leaning into the touch as Steve explores. He holds Tony like Tony is the only thing holding him up, the scaffolding of his person. Everything turns deep and a comfortable kind of sloppy as their lips work each other over.
Tony had caught his attention from the get-go in the Helicarrier. The Omega had a scent like a crisp dawn interspersed with the tang of hot metal and an underlying muskiness that Steve had wanted to suck down at the source. From then on, he would taste the air for Tony’s outrage, his excitement, his fear.
“Next time I’ll take my time with you. Get you ready for me and wrung out with orgasms. You’ll be so sweet like that, pliant and waiting for me to make love to you. I’m sorry baby, but I need you now. Please forgive me.” With that, Steve pushes in, breaching the outer ring with ease and slipping past the second, tighter muscle shortly after. He’s so much
“That was wow. I honestly thought these things were useless, but so far they’ve netted me you.” Tony is laying flat now with Steve still on top of him, and he’s never been more content, his wings not flapping around or otherwise being disobedient. If a good fuck is all it takes for them to cool their jets, Tony is going to get laid every day.
It had taken years to declare Steve to be dead, and in the meantime, Howard had had Anthony with his wife, Maria, and decided to betroth his omega son to Steve to circumvent giving the company to anyone else. Steve had been declared dead shortly after, but the technicality allowed Tony to not marry at all, and generally treated him as an omega widower. This had given Anthony all the rights to SI without any of the issues of an alpha taking it from him.
“We are. The model’s locked and we’re sweeping for the signature now. When we get a hit we’ll have the location within a half a mile.” Banner did at least take the time to make sure that if they were going to confront Fury, the man couldn’t have any complaints about their not doing what they said they would.
“Then don’t come to me when Tony eventually finds out what you did.” Bucky slips out of the booth, hands propelling him away from the table. He stalks out of the diner, slamming the door shut behind him, rattling the frame.
He also spends an inordinate amount of time in the workshop, ‘inventing.’ When the hours reach midnight, Steve strolls down to the lab, the doors of which open for him automatically, and proceeds to drag Tony out to eat something and go to bed.
It’s not startling, then, that if they can no longer stand each other, they have turned to the team—to Tony—as a means to fill in the gaps. There’s a shallow, ugly part of him that
“You sure you should be indulging in that Stark?” It’s inevitable that Cap speaks first, narrowed blue eyes glancing at the glass in Tony’s hand like it has personally offended him.
“Thank you, love. My caretakers will consider you the devil himself, but in my book, you’ll always be a saint.” Nat gives the woman a genuine smile before turning to Steve.
“I never made you do anything, Steve.” Tony now crawls out from under Steve, yanking his pants up and covering his exposed ass away from Steve. It fucking hurts something awful, and as he turns around he can see Steve’s hanging cock, coated in pink foam and cream. He wonders what it would taste like, before he chastises himself for thinking something so crude and disgusting. Steve hurt him.
God, he aches. He’s been trying to avoid touching himself, but in quiet moments his hand strays down his abs and under the waistband of his sweats. First, he thinks of Peggy, her red lips, and enigmatic eyes. She glides down his torso in a way she was never able to when she was alive, but the very thought of her, cold, in a hospital bed stifles him. Those brown eyes warp and change out from under him, his fantasy hijacked by an amber abyss with soft fronds of lashes all around. There're crinkles at the corners of this pair of eyes, and there’s a smile there that filters into Steve’s mind with a compunction that has him heating in shame. Tony follows the trail that Peggy would have taken, wrapping a calloused hand around Steve as he outright leers.
alien, that came around clamoring for blood, to wipe away half of the entire humanity; Elders, men, women and
of declaring there was something she didn’t know – and it almost makes her sound… not humble, but something
So he improvises while they’re leaving, sneaking out of the city towards the Quinjet, and trusts Natasha to deliver the message before they leave America definitely.
. With a K. It’s a place.” Rocket clarifies. “And the Collector is a crazy guy who likes to keep all sorts of things in cages for fun, from shiny things to people.”
No matter the circumstance, out of forgiveness or out of need, in his mind, Tony would always be there in Steve’s mind, an anchoring point, a focus, something he could ground himself on and from there, decide where to go.
“Oh, yes, please do.” Tony exclaims, jittery with joy at the idea of making Rhodey’s life just a little bit harder. If he can poke fun at Tony, Tony is definitely allowed to poke back. “He’s gonna love seeing you, Wilson. Tell him I sent you.”
“I didn’t run away because I regretted it, Rogers.” She growls at him. “I ran away because I can help us more if I’m not restrained. Not the Accords.
His very first instinct is to shut down. Is to close his mouth and grit his teeth, pretend he doesn’t have to do this, pretend like it does hurt and so it shouldn’t affect anyone else around him; So there would be no need to tell them. Steve could stay quiet and wait, wait for all of this to blow over, and maybe someday – someday, when he is face to face with Tony again, he can sort this out.
Steve desperately wants to hug him, and he desperately wants to believe Tony’s being sincere when he says they’re alright, but deep down, he
“He did the same thing to me” Nebula explains, “And to Gamora. And to his own planet. He always does it.”
“From every other domestic hero working alone out there. There was a motion for it to become a register of every active superhero, but it never passed. It remained what it was supposed to be – a work contract. We would report back to the UN and have regular debriefs to make sure we were meeting all the regulations and deadlines, and a whole lot of people would have slept better knowing an armed American team wouldn’t invade their lands and raise hell over their heads in the middle of the night. That was all.”
“Sounds like it was good.” Steve distractedly says, losing himself a little to the memories he has of times that he feels like were simpler, the base, instinctual, almost animal satisfaction of being capable of coordinating a powerful attack with Tony without needing to say a single word, the sheer fulfillment of
“Why didn’t T’Challa upgrade your suit?” Tony asks – and Rogers’ back straightens like Tony has just said something alarming, like he didn’t know Tony knew about T’Challa and Wakanda.
Because before Steve can catch Wanda alone, he is found by Vision; and he is suddenly reminded of one thing he tried very, very hard to forget.
” Sam breathes out shakily “That’s going to mess him up forever. Can’t even imagine what that must feel like. I’m so sorry.”
“— But I can’t sit here and not help when it sounds like you guys are doing this very dangerous thing all on your own.” Lang heaves out a harsh exhale, the words coming out of his mouth like they’re running a hundred miles an hour, the frantic gleam in his eyes, the bags under them, the pale tone of his skin doing nothing to diminish the fervent sentiment in his voice, the assured tone of his message. “Alright? I know, I know we’ve had your differences, and I’m so sorry, but I really want to do everything I can to help, because I can’t let my baby girl go sick while I watch, okay? I have to do something about it, if I can help, I wanna help.”
Pepper looks back at him with horror, mouth gaping in shock, and Tony asks her wryly, wishing he could
I'm sorry for the wait, and I'm sorry if the chapter quality seems a bit off, but right now, I hope this is okay, and I hope you are okay. I love you all, and I'll see you soon.
He’s not sure actually, but he doesn’t say so. He nods in affirmation, instead. He feels like it’s good enough for an answer; But that does make him wonder what kind of person he seems to be, when Bucky is concerned, that people don’t believe he’s capable of being apart from him when all he’s done these last few months is to give Bucky the space he needed.
Nebula shoots him an unimpressed look, as if he’s stupid, and she reaches down under the bed and pulls out Tony’s tracksuit, torn to shreds, and a shirt he has never seen before.
Thank you so much for reading. Once again, thank you for your patience, welcome to the new subscribers, and, as you know, if you enjoy my writing, make sure to check out the pinned post in my twitter to know more about how you can support me if you're interested in requesting something for yourself!
“Thank you, Vision.” Steve answers, and he means so much more than he could ever say into those simple words.
before. Maybe it had been arrogant of him, maybe too presumptuous of him, be he had thought if that had been all, maybe he still could salvage them. Steve isn’t scared of
It’s Steve turn to laugh then, a little wry, a little wistful, bit still a genuine laugh. “He might try to punch me in front whatever camera he could find, that’s what he’d do.”
“You can’t do that to me, man.” Rhodey mumbles, voice dripping with emotion, and Tony feels it in his heart with a pang of affection so deep and unconditional it hurts, and he chuckles wetly – but makes no promises.
Upstairs, where Barton is. Where Natasha, Nebula, Rocket, Bruce, and Thor are. Where the dangerous idea Tony planted might be taking seed, where his workshop is, where FRIDAY can pull up schematics and they can discuss it. Away from Pepper.
“We can go around governments’ laws and ignore their orders as much as we like, Steve. We can refuse to play by their rules when we think they aren’t right. We can do everything to them to prove we won’t back down no matter what.”
at his heartstrings in a very specific way, that it… jostles and prods at old memories and feelings he wishes he could erase, sour reminders that, even with the mercy of time, are still strong enough to leave a bad taste on his tongue, like poison, like—
“Why is the suit a problem?” Natasha then joins in the inquiry, her brows furrowed in elegant confusion.
Truth be told, Steve is not particularly concerned with Scott. He’s worried, sure, because they’re all fugitives now and they don’t have the luxury of going anywhere without proper caution. But Scott is an adult, and more than that, he is an ex-fugitive as well.
“I don’t understand, what’s the problem with that? What does that have to do with this Ross?” Thor inquires.
Consequences rarely disappear just because you're not looking at them. In fact, if CW has taught us anything, is that if you're not paying attention, the consequences will corner you in the worst possible time. One would think the Avengers would have learned by now, but canon really makes very hard to believe it.
did too, because looking back meant feeding the regret, being knocked over by sorrow and doubt, and he can’t have that; They don’t have any spare time to be wondering about
“Oh, it’s a mess, you’ll hate it.” Tony agrees, but then, decides he’s not having any of Steve’s denial at all. “C’mon. I’ll show you where to find some fun stuff. And also – Cap, we’re gonna need to have a talk about those clothes. I can’t have you living at my tower and dressing like an old man.”
“We worked It out.” He cryptically answers, unwilling to reminisce on the old conflicts of his relationship now, or ever, not if he has any say in it, because he knows they won’t understand.
“Why do you have his shield?” Rhodey stands up, chin turned up and eyes squinting, the same face he always makes when he
“If you could hurry a little, it would help.” Barton urges, and steps back to give them a clear path, into what looks like the interior of the Sanctum from what Tony can recall, in its mostly wooden and dark construction, with the smell of old books and incense, and a strange hint of cinnamon. To the side, Tony can actually see Natasha, looking paler than he remembered, the shade only accentuated by the light tone of her bleached hair. Rogers, Tony realizes,
But he knows better now. He has seen what Thanos had done, he has seen the Guardians and Strange and the kid
.” Barton mutters, voice cracking. “Say whatever you want about me screwing up and leaving them for the Accords, whatever you want about me being arrested and being a fuck up, I
Oh, but that doesn’t feel right at all. He can’t do that. Not after everything he’s done to keep Tony safe. Not after Mr. and Mrs. Stark have been killed for it. He must protect Tony, no matter what, because who knows what Howard has put inside him and left there? How many of his secrets is Tony hiding?
And then, he remembers Jane Foster, and remembers that FRIDAY is still running the search for survivors and has yet to give him a report on who made it and who didn’t – and suddenly, he feels a little nauseous, because he doesn’t know what will happen if the final result comes up negative, and how Thor will respond to that information if he doesn’t know it already.
to step away, to stop himself from reacting in a way he won’t be able to take back or justify later, when, to his utter astonishment,
” Nebula growls, and Tony ignores her in favor of rubbing his hands together, fidgety and anxious, watching the doors raptly and counting in his head the number of floors as they pass them.
“So very good. So beautiful,” Steve says, almost to himself, his eyes locked onto where he can see that they’re connected, and Tony tosses his head back, unable to bear looking at Steve anymore when he’s already so close to coming.
“I can do nothing less.” It’s a promise to JARVIS. An assurance that if Steve is worth anything at all, he will give Tony all that he has. Tony is everything in this world that is good and pure. All he waited for after the war that he never got. The very breath in his lungs, he thinks, as he breathes in Tony’s unadulterated Omega scent.
“I have to be sure that I don’t miss any opportunities with stray Captain Americas that cross my path.” Steve chuckles at that and strokes himself back to hardness. With Tony in front of him, all long lines and mirth, it’s easy to get back to firmness.
Steve anticipated this too. When you can’t fight, you give up sensation. That which any partner wants to see.
Tony sidles over, dodging a Pakled and squeezing past an Orion, who may or may not be here willingly. If Tony had the suit, or any kind of firepower for that matter, all the slaves that he sees would be freed. Yeah, Tony has
Moments like these always make Tony wonder how, and why, they were drift compatible. But truly, it was the nights spent in Steve’s arms, waiting for the next battle, the next time where there might be no others after, that told Tony the truth: they were of one soul.
“Let’s start with a floor. I’ll stay here and watch Clint.” Natasha’s eyes haven’t left the prone form of Clint on the bed, who is breathing steadily in and out, wounds looking infected but better than the fresh and nasty bleeding cuts he’d had before. Steve is more than happy to help if it’s his blood that can save people. He’s never been as useful as he is now, and it warms him, gives him hope that this world will contain more than survival and the pain of loss.
Tony wonders if no one listens because underneath the suit they can feel the Omega vibe he has. Do designations vibe? Tony likes to think so.
“I think the only thing that matters at this point is whether you tell him or not.” He’s not afraid if they do. At this point, Tony would understand why Steve did it. Eventually, Tony will forgive him, because that’s just how his nature is. He’s always been very Omega when it comes to his generosity.
“We don’t know what’s normal with this. It could be better or worse for some people. Clint may be on the worse end. We just don’t know,” Bruce says.
“What the hell!” Blinking, Tony swallows and twitches, looking around at the Avengers team and the devastation of the city. Buildings are still on fire and everyone is covered in soot, but as far as he knows, the team is intact.
The sheer sensation of getting what he wants overwhelms him, and as he walks over, he finds himself drawn to Steve’s lips like a magnet, latching on as he made it to kissing distance. Steve doesn’t rebuke him but lets him suck on the plumpness there, wetting and kneading it with his teeth before he moved up for the main course.
), took his small cup of fruit, and left, leaving Steve Rodgers, 6’2’’ football team captain, and James “Bucky” Barnes, Certified Depressed Bastard With a Prosthetic, gaping after him. He had work to do, after all.
“Howard,” He nodded professionally, and walked away in the wrong direction, without coffee. Didn’t listen to his father yelling. Didn’t turn, didn’t care.
“Your lack of professional style and need to look giant, dim, and pretty, sir.” Tony had to keep from laughing, or. At least he tried to.
before. The idea that vibranium would take on and exchange data with a central nervous system coded to DNA, not metal, with the rest of his body, was such a far fetched hope he had bitten his nails to stubs over the past few days, trying to reassure himself.
can't do that. He shook his head and looked a little closer to see the actual shoulder. There was significant scarring, evidence of an infection, and an unfortunate amount of swelling.
if it felt forced, I know. im sorry. i had a few...annoying misunderstandings with ao3 and it deleted a scene i had to rewrite from memory which sucked but hey lesson for next time google docs first then copy and paste amirite
person only came out when he was in his lab, and sometimes when he was sleeping. So people saw him as snobby, charismatic, and painfully, painfully rich. And sure, he definitely had more money than most of the kids in the school combined, but his father had more, and not only was he stingy as
But before he would think up a master plan, Bruce had an unfortunate, unfair turn. Nobody had head Cap swear, that wasn't fair. Then Clint cleared his throat and looked at him pointedly and- oh.
Tony let out a deep breath, and stood up slowly, before realizing he had yet to take anything from Howard’s lab. He clicked his tongue, and Adonis happily joined him at his ankle as he wove through the hallways to get to the lab.
Ty could piss straight to hell. He plastered a smile onto his face, then remembered his lunch plans. He saw Bucky walking up to them from the other side of the cafeteria.
ones, the-” a soft whine from the other side of the lab sounded when Bucky made a particularly distressed noise. Tony clicked his tongue three times
“Hey, stupid. Don’t let pride get in the way here. I want food, everyone else wants food, you don't have enough in Steve’s back pocket for it all and there’s like,” Tony’s brain defaulted
The blueprints he had drawn up were mostly for the outside of the arm, he had taken no care to attend to the finer mechanics until he had a good enough idea of how to electromagnetically bond it to Bucky’s body.
he made small talk with his favorite Italian cook for a few minutes before requesting “Pollo Alfredo con più formaggio possibile, per favore” as sweet as he could for Bucky, a burrito for Steve, a salad with fruits and nuts for (the actual rabbit) Bruce (because he loved remembering what flavors were when he stopped being sick), and he saw the pans loaded with hot cinnamon buns and immediately picked up five for Thor and Loki.
I was working on the prototype, I was on the phone with Bruce and we were just sort of giggling over it and he suggested it and I just said hey why not I didn’t realize that was your actual
of us on a good day, everyone wants something different and I don’t have a bill smaller than a fifty. Take it, pay, or I’ll do it myself.” Bucky helplessly looked to Steve, so Tony huffed and took the money from him, ready to take care of it himself.
“I need to take a leak. I’ll be back.” He said swiftly, paying no mind to Clint, who had begun his ceaseless, pointless babble.
he managed his money so tightly he would know in minutes if someone withdrew money from his account, and would stop at nothing until he
Adonis sat on Tony’s lap, and Jarvis didn’t say anything, but he smiled to himself, when Tony started talking to the puppy to get it to calm down from his shaking.
“Al-alright. Well. I can tell you this. Your arm? Fucked up. I have no idea what happened, why people thought it was okay to link your arm to you like that. I installed a new shoulder base, and I would
about them and looking across the cafeteria and seeing Thor snarling at a tall kid with blue hair with an arm around his little brother and seeing
Tony Stark resolved that finally, finally he would punch Steve Rodgers in his stupid, pink mouth. And this time, he wasn’t going to stop himself.
to wait a few hours so your body could at least become not entirely hostile to it, but I'm bored and you heal stupid fast.” Bucky nodded in understanding. Tony carefully explained what he was doing as he was doing it, let Bucky run his fingers down scabs, precision cuts, old unhealed scars. “I need a favor from you, while I’m working on getting this thing-” Tony waved the metal arm “attached to you.” Bucky blinked a few times as if he could just realize he could see and smiled wide. Tony watched his fingers twitch somewhat nervously before he realized Bucky had started talking.
“I swear to fuck Tony if I take my hand off my face and see that dead look you get in your eyes I won’t hesitate to smack you into tomorrow. Emotions are important. Me telling you about being a kid was important. You being afraid of your father- Tony I can feel you glaring at me, just like I can
“Okay, this should be relatively easy I think.” Tony told Bucky three days later. He hummed as he looked over his current arm. “I took the measurements correctly, did my research, made an off switch for your nervous system while I’m fucking around in there, hm…” Tony muttered to himself, like checking items off a list. He clapped his hands. “Shirt off, Freeze Pop!” Buckky rolled his eyes.
“Hey now, I told you I could only keep our tutoring sessions during that one unit of geometry under wraps for so long!”
feel about a situation.” He could feel his eyes flash with heat, revelled in the startled, shaken look on Steve’s face.
and pissing me off? I need to scream at him!” Tony was sure to be loud enough that Steve would not only hear, but wince as he heard him. And wince he did, wince he did. Tony’s lip curled. He hardly heard Natasha’s reply.
Imagine his surprise. Tony allowed a vague flicker of satisfaction and confused emotion to cross his face. Calmly, he said “That's right Spangles, keep your lips for doing more useful things than berating me and making me look like a fool in front of entire groups of people,” Steve leaned back. He looked momentarily confused and concerned.
Or, that one where Tony accidentally-on-purpose uses his father's bank account to withdraw thousands of dollars instead of his own (with good cause) and then of course, rest of the story from his perspective.
When she did, she tried to force Steve to call Tony to thank him. Steve, knowing Tony would either be too upset or too drunk to answer with care, tried to come up with a good excuse that include
He glared at the vending machine as if it had personally wronged him, handed a five dollar bill to the person in line behind him. “Sorry for the wait, let me pay for your food.” he cringed inwardly.
And Tony pinched the pad of his pointer finger with his thumbnail to stop from cringing. He could feel his posture change automatically, feeling the hod rod poking his back like it was still there. His face went on autopilot, falling expressionless.
Deep breathing was not one of Tony’s strong suits, as he very soon discovered. Surprising, as he used it to calm himself down all the time. The question here really was a question of Steve’s fucking
If Tony gulped, he wouldn’t have admitted to it, and anyone seeing it would’ve believed it to be a mirage. Too late to check, his eyes were ice and his jaw was set.
away (two tables away) and heard Natasha ask “Hey, where’d ShellHead go? Thor’s on his way over, but where’s-”
He passed the comb once more through his hair. Then, looking in the mirror, made a face. Mussed his hair after the dime amount of gel started to set.
“Sir, I must say, an incredible accomplishment but how exactly will you arrive at all of those things?”
I'm so sorry this took so much longer than I was expecting! editing is a pain in my ass, and i unfortunately suffered through writing this chapter. I feel like its not my best, but it is what it is! here we are, lovelies
“Okay, Buckaroo. Imma needya ta take a deep breath. Does your arm hurt?” Bucky grunted, and sat up with his eyes closed.
Tony wouldn't say he was being generous to distract his father, even if that's exactly what he was doing. Honestly, it didn't matter because he and his boys were getting puppies, and ultimately, the only person who would get hurt would be himself, so... what problem would there really be?
“Hey Tony,” Bucky asked. His name snapped him straight from feeling his float-y, unfeeling state of mind. “Wanna go first?”
And that’s how Jarvis found himself holding two leashes, one belonging to Adonis, the other belonging to the grey-brown lab, who Tony affectionately called Cabbage Patch, (“After the
“Oh wonderfu- no? Why not? I get it’s probably hard but you don’t have to- don't have to, to freak out or, or anything, a zipline accident or a bad fall when you were a kid it can’t have been that bad-” Tony watched Bucky carefully, how his face scrunched the more he kept talking, just a little
he had right before he made a (stupidly) witty comment. Fuck him. Tony’s lip curled as he turned around. “Clearly, Tony’s got a host of trust issues he has yet to sort through, and has plenty experience manipulating others into seeing his side of things, how else would he be able to see the small implications of it in a simple statement?” the brown leather jacket, the khakis, the damned combat boots.
“Jarvis! How can I help you?” Tony beamed at the sight of Jarvis and Ana standing hand in hand. Jarvis snapped and whistled a bit, and Adonis went running.
“I’d say his examples are perfectly clear.” Tony whipped his head around, trying to find his savior. Upon finding him, Tony’s face fell. Golden Boy was smirking that
” He hesitated, if just for a moment. “When we weren’t luring, they kept us next to and sometimes inside this giant refrigeration unit in their basement. It was so cold, I watched a few of the boys go to sleep, and never wake up again.” Glancing up, Tony could see the far off look in his eyes, as if he had forgotten where he was. “They killed, every single one of the people we brought to them. The screams echoed in the walls, in our ears, for months. Disobedience was never a question.” At Bucky’s pause, Tony looked up through his eyelashes at him, letting him continue. “Well. At first it was. I was their worst child, they told me so all the time. I refused to do anything. I would wake up in panic trying to find Stevie and eventually, eventually the amount of times they sht me up in that freezer did a number on my brain. I couldn’t step close to there before my memories were wiped clean, shrink said it was a combination of triggers and too much for my brain. I started behaving incredibly well. So well, in fact, that I was dubbed the
“Captain, I don’t want to see your face for a week at least. Eat your fucking burrito, and don’t call me to apologize at midnight this time.” How unfortunate.
“Ah. Howard’s debit card. He gave it to me to use the other day at the charity auction we went to, and it’s identical to mine. The difference in the pin is a single digit. I’ll use his money to buy everything, pay for everything and while he’s off finding the person responsible for several thousand out of his account, I’ll grab the vibranium and then transfer the money from my account to his. Ultimately, he won’t lose any money. Explaining the mistake won’t really be an issue, it’s an easy one. And, by the time he gets home he will have already seen his account balance return to normal and demand answers from me.” He paused. Suddenly, he didn’t know what would happen next. “Either I get slapped around a bit, or maybe get locked out of the house for a few minutes, maybe I’ll get shoved down the stairs.” Tony shrugged.
“Ah, sir, I believe you may have an issue, sir.” Tony frowned at Jarvis, who was wearing out clothes. How was date night now
“Why the fuck did you put my finger on uncontrolable vibrate mode, Tony baby?” And Tony was having trouble remembering
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
“It’s fine. I get it.” He didn’t have to say how upset he had gotten at the comment, and Jarvis was content to not mention it as well.
it is that the narrator is attempting to logically manipulate the reader into believing in the goodness of the Judge. I would like to present the case of a court case, in which the Judge is being charged with something that would heavily bring down his public image.”
“Awh! You’re too good to me!” And, yelling down the hallway by now, “I would be late to every first period class if you didn't remind me everyday, Ms. Carter!”
The food was a bit tougher. He went to the school kitchen, greated Chef Mateo with a grin, and asked if he could help prepare a few specific food items (that he would pay generously for). 20 minutes later, he had a stack of go-boxes that he opened Steve’s locker for (07-04?
Tony refused to admit just how much that affected him- “The world is not a glamorous place.” And, well, Tony could admit to setting his things down for a second. “When I was six, I was kidnapped. The people who took me had other boys, my age and looked similar as well. Every day, we were sent out with a name, a photo, and a place. We had to get to the place, and talk the person in the photo into coming back to the house.” Tony grimaced, and resumed work on Bucky’s arm. “When we weren’t
He walked past the bathrooms to the vending machine, not buying anything. He glanced at his friends, who were slapping down money, and Steve, who was pretending to listen to
“Yeah, okay so speaking entirely metaphorically, if one were to attempt to bond robotics to neurological systems using electromagnetic, preemptively tested technology that would aim to replace a limb and act as the limb-”
Robotics, frustratingly enough, had frustrated the everloving frustration out of Tony. Which was frustrating, because he almost never got frustrated with robotics no matter how frustrating and tedious it was. He took a deep breath. Electromagnetic bonding into neurological systems was proving to be far more difficult than they thought it would be, especially because the rest of the class was programming and he was working sans goggles under his lab table. He raised his hand for the first time all year with a confused expression on his face. The teacher looked equally astonished.
Getting into the Rodger’s house was easy, leaving everything everywhere was easy, setting up the wire cage and small bed (and petting Cabbage until he fell asleep) was easy, giving the doorbell lock a slight boost was easy.
“I spend this money because I care. I know that You, Bucky, Thor are on the football team, eat twice as much as we do. Yet, you and Bucky don’t eat breakfast most days, and today may have been an exception but you digest too fast to be able to make it through the day.”
“Hey guys, hi. Good morning. You look like you got a good night’s rest! Happy for you, I did not!” He said boisterously. “In all seriousness, guys, you're gonna piss off a lot of people. You’re standing in the middle of the hallway, and blocking half the staircase. I’ll hit you myself if you don’t move, just know I still love you” He squeezed a random shoulder, winked and clicked his tongue. “Stay safe. No fights. Use protection when necessary. Alright, bye,” and with a wave like he was greeting someone with a tophat, he left them standing there, mouths open in shock.
“I can’t wait.” Steve says, almost in a sigh - and there’s something dreamy about it, hearing his voice through a call; Maybe it’s just because Tony misses him, or maybe because he’s just too old and too soft and too… too goddamned in love, but there’s something about
Tony feels the impulse to apologize, but the words won’t make it out of his mouth. He’s not sure he should say them. He’s not sure how to react.
and now, what has become of them? They had fought about the Accords, and they are fighting about this.
“Wonderful. Get on that, chop-chop.” Tony presses, almost dismissively, ready to turn his back to Lang and let Rhodey handle his designing into one of the recon teams downstairs, to turn his attention back to the board, but before he can, Lang’s sudden movement stops him.
No one else knows when Vision started to disappear from the Compound. No one else but Tony. No one else knows that Vision asked for his permission to use the tracker in order to search for Wanda’s energy signatures, no one knows that Vision sometimes was gone for days, maybe an entire week, until he came back, looking more and more like it killed him every time. No one. Just Tony. And Tony had watched while pretending not to, turning his head, very emphatically making it
And with that parting jab, with a smirk on his face and a lazy wave, he turns around and goes for the door again – and this time, Steve lets him go.
Thor stays quiet for a long, long moment, so long that if Tony couldn’t see his feet from his lowered gaze, he would almost have believed that he left. It’s only when the awkwardness becomes too big, and the silence too heavy, that he dares to raise his head, and finds Thor, face open, eyes so sincere and concerned that it hurts to look at him.
“Other than how I’m wondering how much of their relationship was actually just the Stone bringing them together?” Barton sways, looking distinctly uncomfortable. “No, not at all.”
“Did you trust everyone you fought with?” Natasha questions in return. “Did you trust me, from the very beginning?”
“The Time Stone is the most dangerous of them all.” Natasha says. “Because whatever we do, if he has that one, he can simply undo it. It never ends.”
when he thinks about Siberia. It’s strange. So strange. It’s a memory jumbled with too many conflicting feelings, all so meshed together he is not quite sure he can name them properly. He doesn’t know where his anger ends and his resignation begins, or where is the line separating his sorrow from his disappointment. He can’t pinpoint the details about it. All he knows is that there is
Thor backs off instinctively, removing his face from his leaning position towards Tony and taking half a step back, making a strategic retreat in case he needs the range of motion should Tony get violent. And Tony sees this, and he feels like absolute garbage, because this is
And it’s something in Clint’s voice, or the way he looks down at the counter with a long, lost look— something inside Steve trembles and quivers, it
they aren’t supposed to talk about that! “I imagine you guys could have sorted something out if you wanted to. You wouldn’t have kept those things if you thought the team was beyond repair, right?”
For some time, he allows himself to lose focus to the detailed work beneath his fingertips, to the familiar motions of connecting and rearranging, of running calculations, and he can pretend everything is fine. No, not fine, but maybe, it’s
anything, it won’t help. Tony knows Rogers sent out a message, but did these people even see it, do they know this wasn’t…
By that point, Steve has forgotten they were being watched. He lost himself to the conversation, shutting off the entire world beyond the garden, allowing himself to exist only at that place, at that time, just for a little while. And it worked, sort of. But know the illusion has been shattered, and as soon as they walk post a door into the corridors of the palace, princess Shuri is there, waiting for Bucky with a kind smile of her face.
is what makes Clint react, his expression going sour and his posture indignant. “Ok, hold on, we have to talk about that too.” He raises his hand and points a finger at Steve, as if he’s indicating something. “Stop
Rhodey scoffs, in a soft, but totally unimpressed way, and lets out a humorless laugh and cocks his hip to the side, in an almost arrogant stance. “Well, you better find a simple way to explain it, because I don’t like the way this is going, Tony.”
Natasha stares at him for a long moment, looking for something in his expression, maybe; And she probably finds it, because then she replies, in the softest of tones:
Steve manages to drag him to another Art Museum, and that exhibit is boring as hell, so after that, they play basketball. Him. Tony Stark.
“Boss.” FRIDAY calls from a single speaker nearby, not too loud, but still sudden enough that it rips Tony off his numbness like a band-aid being ripped, stinging across his skin. “Mr. Odinson is back.”
“For you.” Clint shoots him a deriding smile. “Yeah. You want to fight, and you can’t go. But I don’t wanna fight, I wanna go
“Thank you. I’m happy to see you returned as well.” Wong nods a greeting, just as polite and proper as Tony gathered he would be from their brief interaction days before.
“Check for survivors inside.” Tony explains. “Romanov, Nebula, got any ground info I should be aware of before going in?”
He lowers his head and closes his eyes, sighing, reminding himself not to shake his head or else he’ll deeply regret it, and Pepper
“Where to?” Tony shakily asks, hopelessly. “Where would they go? New York is – It’s huge, where would they—?”
The song becomes louder and their singing is no different from a war cry, but it inspires no dread – only the most vivid delight. Antonio did not think they would be so jubilant at the prospect of a
, the boy in front of the hospital, and his stomach drops straight to the sole of his feet at the idea that inside those cars, there might have been bodies, and the mob simply set them on fire along with everything else, like the scorched remains inside the airplane—
He talks to Peggy through the communicator, and he’s glad her voice is the last one he’ll ever hear. He pretends this conversation is not killing him inside, and he doesn’t say goodbye, because Peggy is not saying it either and he knows this is what they both need. It’s not a clean break of what they could be, but it’s as clean as it’ll get. And it’s enough.
“He is. The triggers are gone. The memories aren’t, but he can learn how to live with them. He will be better.” Shuri sighs lightly, holding her hands behind her back, in a posture that makes her seem much more innocent that Steve knows she really is.
He knows it well, intimately, as one would know a lover or a friend; and he knows better than to underestimate it or believe too much in it. Even when you win, every casualty feels like a loss. When you lose, knowing you fought for something you thought was right won’t be enough to wash away the bitterness in your mouth. Winning or losing seems very different, but in many ways it’s not, and he thought he knew that. He thought he knew war was useless.
Sam can probably read Steve’s hesitation in his eyes, but he doesn’t back down. He stares back, resolute, determined to wait for as long as he has to for Steve to give in and
“His best friend just disappeared, Cap.” Sam point out mournfully, his voice careful. “He might be dead. The guy might not be thinking straight.”
, he’s always getting cornered in his own workshop, this is ridiculous. Shouldn’t they have a little more tact, considering it’s his house and all? Can’t they just… leave it alone and never talk about it again, which is Tony’s preferred method?
It lasts only a second, but it’s enough. He couldn’t even brace himself for the impact. He couldn’t have known. He should have, but he didn’t, because the one time it happened before, he pushed it to the back of his head. He swallowed it down like he did everything else, gulping down poison like it was water, letting the dark pit inside him grow unsupervised, ignoring it as if it would just disappear. He ignored it because
And because that weight is so heavy, like he is holding the entire universe at his very back, like the dawn of the realization is a physical thing on his spine, Tony mutters, flatly:
“Where did you take him?” Tony asks quietly, his grief tangible and palpable, like it’s dripping out of him.
So, no personal enemies. That leaves him the public ones, the major organizations that could still be out there, hunting Howard Stark and those who fought beside him to destroy them.
He gets whiplash from his own thought process for a second, his subconscious taking him off guard not for the first time in this many months. He
“What I’m saying is that right now, as much as I hate to admit it… Coming back to the US would be a hassle without Tony. SHIELD is down, Fury is MIA and the government hates us. Scott decided to risk it, but has Pym Tech backing him up, and I have my family. I just think that we should pay close attention to Tony, for your sakes. And he
For all his boastful posturing, Steve can tell Tony is a little embarrassed to talk him, probably because of the awful luck they seem to be having every time they meet. The punch and the Club A incident are only the beginning; There was that one time they were both working at the Asgardian Forge and Tony dropped a hammer on Steve’s foot, and that other time in the Avengers Dorm when Steve accidentally broke the punching bag and hit Tony on the floor below, distracted while tinkering with his tech. Steve still feels awful about that, because Tony bruises a lot easier, and for a lot longer than Steve does, and a poke to the gut with a pool bat is very different from a
Steve is sitting on the sofa, sketching carefully, because this notebook is nearly filled already and he really doesn’t want to ruin the last page. It’s a picture of Tony, working on the armor with a sharp look on his face, the fiery spark of excitement burning in his eyes, and it nearly makes Steve sigh like a lovesick teenager. It’s ridiculous. He just… He’s just
“We got twenty-eight vulnerable civilians inside that House and if we don’t do something they are going to burn like witches at the stake. We also have another part of the crowd crawling up like pests and determined to pass through us and this whole thing on fire.” Tony hisses, as he lifts his faceplate and stands next to Cap. “So what’s the plan?”
Bruce exhales a nervous breath, jittery anxiety rattling his bones, eyes jumping from place to place because his brain can’t seem to calm down now it has been given a new theory to work with. “Do we have any Vibranium on hand? We have to run tests. We can’t sit here while we wait for Natasha to give us a call.”
She knows it too. Natasha seems to know him far better than he knows himself these days, and he wonders what else can she see about him that he still cannot. Steve almost wants to ask, but he’s not sure if he’d like to hear whatever she would have to say. He doesn’t want to put her in that position.
“I rest my case.” Natasha says, and turns up the volume on the TV, and Tony feels like he’s been played.
The jet touches the ground and stops with only the slightest bounce, the wheels sturdy and reliable, and although the ground does not move at all under its weight, irrationally, Tony
“It would be an entertaining, at least.” T’Challa then adds, as if to try and dissipate the thin veil of awkwardness that Steve unknowingly drapes over their conversation.
“Princess.” Steve turns back at her, his eyes wide and shiny, knowing fully well he must look like a madman to her right now. But it’s fine. It’s fine. “I can’t thank you enough for your gift. It’s beautiful. A work of art.”
Natasha had been there, right beside him, and so had Sam. They had all agreed to it. It had been a necessary evil, it had to be done, or else HYDRA would’ve won, but what have they done to help those who they failed when they leaked those files, all the agents out there that had been compromised, all the people they accidentally
FRIDAY’s reply is very careful and tentative. “If it is any better, Secretary Ross has been completely silent over the last two days. I have no way of tracking him without your explicit permission, but from public data, he has not been seen by any camera I can access in the last 48 hours.”
“You shouldn’t doubt yourself.” Thor says, with a gesture of his head – like a king praising his best warrior, commending him, and the comparison is so unbidden but so… weirdly accurate that it actually sparks a little twinge of humor in Tony’s tired heart. “You are trying to honor your mission, as much as it pains you, as am I. You shouldn’t doubt that. You have found a replacement for Uru, and that’s no small feat for anyone who is not one of the Dwarves from Nidavellir. Stormbreaker has been the only thing capable of wounding Thanos, so if we can create weapons and shields out of the same material, and fill them with the power of the Sorcerers of the Time Stone, our chances are better than it may seem.”
Charity Galas are a thing. A noble thing, Tony thinks. He has money, and he does all he can to help where his help might be needed – but there is no harm in convincing some other
Tony heaves as he climbs up, heaves as he dashes as quickly as he can towards the private areas, and it’s horrible, how quickly he falls out of breath, how much it hurts for him to exert such force, how numb his arm and chest feel even though his legs and stomach hurt like hell from his sudden movement.
Tony in that moment. He cannot lie to himself, he truly, truly did. In that moment, that single second in the Helicarrier, when Tony walked right into his personal space and Steve growled at him, Steve was no more than an
“We can connect you to the command board.” She offers, and Tony is horrified to realize she sounds like she’s at the end of her rope, like this is the very last option she can give him, and it’s either
“Bring back the board, please, FRIDAY.” Bruce asks, with all the politeness he reserves for his more serious, objective persona. “Thank you. Scott, how familiar are you with… chemistry, or astrophysics?”
Steve reaches up to his hair, burying his fingers in the strands, stopping himself from pulling it in the very last second. He bunches it all in a fist, tight and unrelenting, probably smearing blood all over it, and he exhales in a useless effort to make his heart
Tony scraps the whole fumbling for an explanation thing almost immediately, distracted by the sudden need to
, and he can’t deny it – but he adapts fairly easily to a new development when the situation requires him to. He’s
that also applies to Bucky. When Steve thought he was dead, he didn’t even dare to think much about him. He did, sometimes, go to the Smithsonian and visit his own exhibit, just so he could see Bucky and the Commandos – but then again, Steve now knows why he did that. He did that to hurt himself. To remind himself why he was still fighting when all seemed pointless, it’s true, but that doesn’t mean it didn’t
did you do this?!” She asks weakly, exhausted from the turmoil of emotions stirring up inside of her after so long. She doesn’t want details, not really. She’d rather not know. Having Tony back, even if is just this, is more than enough. But what if is dangerous? What if Howard really did something that can’t be seen by other people? “Is… Is there anything inside of this computer, Howard? Anything dangerous I should know about?”
couldn’t.” Tony says, and it shocks even him how he sounds like he’s laughing. He’s really losing it. “I – you – you were
But somewhere along the line, this process gained a secondary step. It was completely unconscious, but repetition made them all accustomed to it. Actually, if he tries, Tony’s pretty sure he can count all the times it happened since they first assembled. At the end of the day, Rogers is a man of rapid action and Tony is a man of long-term calculation, and if someone is going to find a counter-argument to Rogers’ logic, it’s going to be him, because they are opposites.
Overwhelmed, Tony pushes himself up by his elbows, even if it stings on his abdomen, and finds a position with enough stability so he can sit up without removing his hand from hers for as long as he can. But it’s inevitable. As soon as he can lean against the headboard as well, he opens his arms and she falls into him, they both drawn against the hold of one another, and she fits her head against his shoulder and sighs in a tight, shuddering breath, enveloping him in a careful hug, and he feels the tension is her from the way her arms tighten and flex even as they stay gentle around him, the twitch in her muscles, the anxiety that brews silently within.
“I had to stop him. I knew Tony wouldn’t. He was furious, he wasn’t thinking clearly, and he wouldn’t stop unless I made him.”
“You guys be safe, alright? Don’t slouch, don’t get cocky. I don’t want any of you to get caught not even
?” Tony clarifies, and when Rocket looks at him like he lost his marbles, he explains, “We need to stablish a timeline for Thanos’ attack. We are too many, with too many different pieces of information, and we’re gonna get lost if we don’t know what we’re working with. So we also need to know where he got them, when, and how.”
Tony makes them both jump, and Tony turns around in the air to see a group of people jumping over the fence from the sides and running towards the House running, with canes and hammers in their hands, alcohol bottles and pieces of burning fabric, and
So is Steve, but he’s not comfortable admitting it. But still, he laughs and nods, and they both get up and walk back inside side by side, as it always should have been, their pace perfectly in sync, as it always was.
(And do what? How would I explain the fact that I also betrayed the Accords and aided an assassin wanted by ninety countries and his self-righteous, hard-headed best sidekick?)
“No knowledge is forbidden in Kamar-Taj.” Wong says, with all the tone of someone who is used to say that phrase over and over again, like a proverb learned a long time ago, to never be forgotten.
It’s like pulling himself in two different directions. Refusing to let himself be embraced by the future, but at the same time, being
Just like that, the red-hot pit of fury stinging inside him floods over, and the bits he cannot contain spill out in his words, venomous and wounded, bitterness staining his tongue and teeth, tasting of copper and iron. “Because it’s
, but also how everyone else stands up just a little bit straighter, a little bit tenser, eyes guarded and fearful as they watch Tony’s hands tremble as if he can barely contain his rage, his lips twitching with the nagging desire to pull back and bare his teeth, almost like a snarl.
Pepper makes a sound of surprise, a quiet, distracted exhale, and as Tony lowers himself on the couch again as she prompted, Pepper turns slightly in Nebula’s direction, still not fully stepping away from Tony.
– and that’s what drove him forward. He didn’t even hesitate. He didn’t think twice about it, he never does, because he assessed that the threat of five Winter Soldiers was bigger than anything else on their plate at the moment and that was all he cared about. He could deal with the consequences later, he thought. Later, when he had the time.
Natasha by-passes Rhodey with no finesse or politeness, nearly knocking her shoulder against him in her haste, and she all but
is their immediate representative of them in the US, he’s the first obstacle they would need to face in case something went wrong, and how did that simply escape Rhodes’ attention?
“Howard, we’ve talked about bringing SHIELD affairs home.” She chastises, but it’s hollow and weak sounding. “You can’t bring this war into our house again. It has already cost us too much. Who knows what will happen next if you don’t stop.”
Whatever Tony does, it always leads him back to the fight. Even when he tries to step away, it’s like his body pulls him back unconsciously.
Let's go slow and take it from the top. Starting with a topic that has become a core issue for me - and I suspect to a lot of people as well, for a very good reason: Thanos' plan. We're all familiar with it. With a snap of his fingers, Thanos' intent is to wipe away half the population of the entire universe so he can achieve 'balance' - when he simply could have, you know, increased the resources, or eliminated the distribution problem, or chosen any other more educated option. Instead, he disrupted the entire social structure of the universe and called it a day. But what about populations he already helped diminish in his hunt for the stones? Do they get halved anyway - if they even survived being attacked? What about populations that don't consume resources like humankind - like Groot's race, that consists primarily of beings that produce their own sustenance, meaning there is no proper food chain that establishes a hierarchy of resources and consumers? How does the snap work on them? Because it does, as we all saw it. Is the lack of space left to occupy his main concern? So why not populate abandoned planets and use the gauntlet to make them habitable?
him. Something about the gesture seems both tentative and sure, like a comfort that has never before been accepted but now refuses to be ignored, something – Tony would call it friendly, but
“Oh, careful, Nat, I’ve heard the Consent Speech before, it’s a very long one.” Bruce teases, lowering his head to hide his face, but his smile too wide to not be noticed.
“We find out why they’re angry in the first place, and we find a way to convince them it’s not worth threatening to destroy the White House over it.”
the job. The file Coulson had given him the night he barged into Tony and Pepper’s date night was carefully curated and meticulously crafted, only giving enough information that it would not be suspicious, informing him of only the essentials: Rogers, Thor, Bruce, and the Tesseract. Nothing else. Not even
“Our wedding, his first birthday… Maybe record some more and show him some day-to-day activities? He probably gets bored when he’s alone.”
he should share with the world. That he should make the final choice because no one else is strong enough.”
, scared and in heavy handcuffs inside a glass cage, breath shallow and eyes wild with fear, and the after,
It’s uncomfortable, to be under Nebulas sharp, unwavering gaze, as she unravels him with the same precision she used to unravel his nanite compartment, probably. He almost wants to ask her “
the horrid work SHIELD had done with their uniforms and let it slide, could they? Of course not. Avenging is serious business, and they need to have the right equipment – also, marketing is a thing now, since apparently Tony is going to be the one handling the PR and the accommodations and everything from now on, so he should probably pay more attention to it. He’s fine with it – so long as he can
and it’s making him flustered all over again like Tony is still fifteen and very very charmed by the tiny class president. “Because I don’t remember you being...”
He can’t take the waiting, the hesitation, he has to know or else he will never find the strength again. It doesn’t matter. He will never be ready, it’ll never be the right time, he has to hear it
“FRIDAY will look for them, okay? She’s already looking for some people for is, I’ll add Pym and her to the list.”
of them. It’s cruel, because Steve had brought Bucky straight to Tony’s path, put him in a position where they’d have to
Tony – Tony finds himself frozen in shock, for a long moment, considering Thor’s admission with a careful hand, almost delicately, as if it’s breakable. Surprised, by even being granted the confession at all. Thor’s echoing sadness over his loss of someone he cherished, of a lover who has stepped away; If it were anyone else saying this to him, Tony would have exploded in anger, in the wounded, hurtful way only someone who has been emotionally drained can, when pushed into letting go of their grief before they are ready to – But he can’t do that.
“It was too big.” Tony recalls, as if it was yesterday, as if Yinsen is no more than a few steps behind him and the cave is humid and cold around him, as if it’s the same night when Tony stayed awake for hours thinking and thinking and
“I know.” Wanda quickly interrupts, determined. “I know. But if we can just meet, once in a while, somewhere hidden… I can move without being noticed and Vision can
When they do finally meet eyes, Barton’s gaze feels like a snowy mountain top. Cold, distant, with a wave of fog clouding it, blocking everything.
“What? No, I won’t sign it immediately, I know that. But signing it’s like, step two. Step one is actually getting back and not getting to a life imprisonment type of sentence, you know? That’s what I’m worried about. The Accords thing is kinda secondary to me.”
T’Challa takes a very careful breath, turning his gaze towards the horizon, frowning lightly. Steve feels like T’Challa didn’t quite expect that answer, because something between them turns a little somber all of a sudden. Steve, half out of respect, half out of uneasiness, also turns his gaze to a distant point through the window.
“Alright, I get it.” Steve chuckles. “I actually like it too. Not then, not when it happened, but it’s funny, when I think about it. The
Howard was never very present in Anthony’s life, and she doubted very much that Howard knew what the stages of child development were. He probably considered them useless anyway, because Stark men were always geniuses, and geniuses don’t fit in any normal child development scales. So, who knows how far he had pushed Tony’s intellect and responses, and how much he could actually understand and learn. Maria loved him very much, but she’d be the first person to admit that Howard is exactly the kind of man who would program his son to be able to tell the entire periodic table even before teaching him basic things like the name of colors or what the fourth of July means.
At that time, Tony would have denied her nothing. Tony… Tony was so in love, so hopeless and desperate to keep her, so utterly entranced with this woman that we would have done anything she had asked without so much of a second thought.
, even if they don’t want to, because it’s something important, and it’s bigger than whatever grievance they might have between them. A skill acquired with no small effort, Tony knows very well, to put bigger needs in front of even the most hurtful interactions, and, to be fully honest… Not something he expected from
” Natasha drawls, exasperated, but Steve refuses to turn around to look at her, his eyes locked onto Tony’s – and it seems like a good idea to stare back, if only not to see the
” Steve jabs back, and he immediately regrets it. That is not fair to Natasha at all. She might be stern and strong, but Natasha isn’t heartless, and if she’d fight Clint if he coddled her, it wouldn’t be because she’s trained to do so; it would be because she would feel
that looks remotely like a one-night-stand hanging from Tony’s arm, much less loudly and unashamedly, as he’d come to expect from his reputation.
“T’Challa made him a shield, for the battle.” She clarifies, suspiciously slow, dragging the words a little, infusing them with a meaning that Tony’s muddled mind is too frantic to properly identify. “But he decided he didn’t want it.”
Rogers shakes his head. “Something called the Outriders. Gigantic ships of them. We were in a tough spot, but we could hold them. And then suddenly… This huge alien steps off a portal with a Gauntlet in his hand, and he goes through us like we’re invisible.”
– the call was coming from the phone, that it was finally time to make things right, but he was always disappointed.
about the Accords, for Zemo. The conference in Vienna, that had been nothing but a convenient ruse. It had been nothing but the world being unkind, nothing but
With no small amount of hesitation, Pepper takes a step back from it, and looks shocked when it responds so efficiently. She whips her head back and looks at him, confused and says, in a tone Tony has heard far too many times not to recognize:
But now it’s past that. Now they’re – he doesn’t want to say together, because together implies it’s a choice, it’s comfortable and familiar and good, but it’s not, because they’re broken. As people, and as a team. They are…
Sam jerks a little, almost as if Steve had startled him, like he had almost forgotten that this is why he was here in the first place.
Steve drops his head, shy, angry, resigned, tired, relieved, all at once. It’s no use. A mess of emotions stirring inside, confusing and terrifying feelings he can’t contain, a hurricane he chooses to ignore in favor of focusing on the
“We have to scare them off.” Rogers growls through gritted teeth, unbuckling his belts and straps so quickly that no one can even move to stop him, stepping heavily through the cabin, ignoring their stares. “Get the Jet down, away from the crowd. Try to put out the fires where you can, be careful not to let it spread. Thor, with me.”
“Well, we’re screwed, then.” Rocket mumbles, again, to himself, and they all refuse to acknowledge him.
– with anyone else in the world, not even his wife; So it’s very likely Mr. Jarvis doesn’t know it either. So in truth, everyone who has ever come in contact with Tony, minus Howard Stark, is flying completely blind. They do not know what his pieces are made of. They do not know how he works. And the one person who ever knew can no longer tell them how.
“How can she tell?” Nebula interrupts with a hard frown on her face, making Tony startle a little as her hand reaches for him again, surprisingly soft, her touch almost silky despite the texture of her fingertips, hardened by wounds and battle.
clonk him at the back of the head if he dares to turn his back at her. Tony makes no show of pretending he doesn’t know who Lang is this time – he’s pretty sure that ship has sailed a long time ago anyway –, and when he explains how Nebula and Rocket came to be in their small group of survivors, Lang, being the eager puppy that he is, doesn’t question their participation at all and just takes it all in stride, which is a relief in its own regard. Tony can see he has questions beyond the mere recollection of their stories,
“Tony.” The suit lands and Steve takes the last few steps forward, embracing Tony in his arms, regardless of the clunky nature of the Iron Man suit. It doesn’t matter to Tony, because it feels like he can feel the love burning in Steve’s arms through the metal itself.
“Mr. Perfect? My childhood crush and obsession? No.” And that was it, wasn’t it? When there were no good role models, when his father thought there was still the possibility he was Alpha or beta, Tony worshipped Captain America. And it didn’t stop when he presented. His fantasies changed, where Captain America would come back, talk to his father, meet Tony and then— well. He’d ask for Tony, bond, and bite him. Even when he had hooked up with Tiberius Stone, who had hurt Tony in that careless way of his, it was like the paint had scratched, and underneath was the Captain and Tony’s love for that ideal, waiting.
“Ok.” Tony drags the plate across the counter closer to him before picking it up. He swipes his finger through the mashed potatoes before licking it and peers at Steve cautiously. “It’s good.”
“You won’t get a scent, because I wear the best suppressors on the market. Though I have half a mind to not wear them at all, see how long you last in the field when your prejudices are up your nose and around the corner.”
“Thanks for the help, Natasha.” He hopes they’re on better terms after this, but he’s not going to force the issue.
“Tony what can I do? Are you ok?” Steve is so gentle, his hands soft on Tony’s pained muscles. Steve is so nice. He’s always so nice, even when he’s being judgy.
Tony is plastered to the floor, his jeans tucked down to the curve of his knees, underwear mangled in the waistline. One palm is smashed to the floor to prop him up, and his other hand occupied with his ass, the jerky motion of his wrist pushing what must be his fingers deep inside his hole. Tony’s face is a rictus of ecstasy, his neck thrown back, careless in repose.
“Captain Rogers. Mister Stark.” Killian slips by like an oil spill, and Tony exhales when the door clicks shut behind him.
“Pretty omega. You just want to be owned, don’t you? Collared and leashed at my beck and call for when I want to use you. I’ll take such good care of you, pet. Keep you sated.” Bucky’s whispered filth has Tony overwrought, and he squirms between the two men, his own already hard cock rubbing against Steve’s as he half-heartedly tries to escape. Omegas are built to orgasm again and again, almost limitless in their pleasure.
Steve’s break on the other hand, was spent corralling his brothers, helping his mother, or making sure that nothing went to hell, he was glad to be back on Sunday morning for his shift at Starbucks. For some reason that was more soothing then being at home for the holidays. He loved his family but the house sometimes felt too full when everyone came home, especially since his mother was now on bed rest and his father wasn’t a very good cook, so it was left to Steve to help out with everything while at the same time trying not to ruin dinner. Which according to his mother was the only meal that she got to share with her kids, which was a lie since they had Christmas a month later, but she liked to guilt trip them, especially Hank and Bruce who were both off working at some huge company, in different fields. They’re usually too into their work to actually remember to come home every once and a while for something, anything at all. They were sometimes too into whatever it was that they were researching to actually remember that there were holidays happening at any point in the year.
“I don’t... I don’t... I...,” Tony tried to talk but the words weren’t coming out as his body shook, “Steve, I don’t think I can keep doing this.”
“Um, are you propositioning me? Is Captain fucking America proposing that we do—whatever it is we do—together? I’m not a boy scout-like you Cap. I don’t know what you honestly expect from me. I could end you, right now you know.” Steve raises his glass to Tony.
“Yeah, sure.” The suit blasts off, zooming off to wherever he came from. Steve doesn’t get more than a glimpse at the direction. All in all, an awkward conversation.
“We have to get you back soon. I’ll be having you again next week on your mission to Beruit.” Tony pulls out and shoves two fingers in Steve’s ass, pumping them and scraping over Steve’s prostate.
He rejoins Clint and Natasha and they all go back to SHIELD for debriefing. Fury doesn’t keep them long and by the time he’s done, it’s time for dinner. This should be a good thing, but today of all days he’s not looking forward to whatever disaster Tony presents to him.
The third, he catches in hand and squeezes, ever so gently. Which is not at all forgiving for the average human. Rhodes grits his teeth and begins to pull back, looking to wind up and batter at Steve again, no doubt. They struggle for a moment, or rather, Rhodes struggles and Steve stands there, implacable. Finally the other man pulls back from Steve, shaking his fist out, but never losing the expression of utter betrayal and contempt.
Steve realizes that this isn’t going to be as easy as he expected it to be. Pepper seems convinced that Tony’s place was doing exactly what he was doing, which he didn’t think he’d encounter opposition to. But here it is in front of him.
Rhodes comes out of the suit then, the metal unfolding like a flower as the man steps out with fist raised. When the blow hits, Steve realizes Rhodes put on brass knuckles. He takes it, willingly. Of all the things he signed up for when he mated Tony, this was the one he knew would be violent, a reckoning.
Pulling off, Steve sucks two fingers into his mouth, lathering them with saliva. Tony’s eyes are hooded as he watches Steve move down to his hole, pressing at the furl of Tony’s ass.
He dresses as quick as he can and makes his way to the rendezvous point. There are mutated animals running about; large pigs that have escaped from a research facility where they’ve been growing them larger than grizzly bears. Which, why pigs? They’re clever animals capable of escaping their pen, and it seems with the increase in size, they’ve become even more intelligent.
They do so, the machine not beeping in the slightest as they go on through. Steve never thought he would see the day that Natasha actually left all her knives off, but he supposes if she wanted to kill someone, she could do it anyway.
“I’ll be skulking around, but no, I leave the science to Mr. Stark and he leaves the fighting to me. Secret identity and all that.” He laughs, which sounds awkward through the modulator, but he isn’t sure what else to say about it. He feels out of sorts around Steve, like he’s guilty of something already. For the first time, his secret is weighing on him. Of all people to trust, if you can’t trust Captain America, then the cup is half empty in this world.
Tony drags himself away from the gathering of his bots, meandering over toward the elevator. DUM-E and U don’t follow, don’t protest, and he’s sure JARVIS has something to do with that.
“No. You’re trying to help Fury. He doesn’t want his precious drift-compatible pilots spouting off all sorts of nonsense.”
“It makes you omega.” Steve leans back on the couch, and wonders whether he’s going to have to demand Tony bathe, or if he’ll do it himself. There’s no way he’s looking forward to cleaning the omega. It would involve Tony being nude in front of him, and his very nature as an alpha wants that, even as Steve himself loathes the idea.
“Yeah, I hope you found what you were looking for.” His hands are clasped together, because if he doesn’t keep them that way, they’ll shake.
But the shower next to him turns off too, and when Tony steps out with a fresh towel wrapped around his waist, there’s Bucky, gleaming chest and slicked back hair waiting for him. Tony’s eyes trace every magnificent curve of his pectorals and abdomen, each bit of it rippled with power.
“All right, let’s set the phasers to fun and keep them occupied.” It’s then that the Quinjet, in an attempt to interfere with the fight between Thor and Loki, takes a direct hit and whirls down to the ground. He has to trust that they’re fine. That drawing enemy fire is the best he can do.
“The things you say— you make me want to put you down Tony. Show you that your place isn’t as terrible as you make it out to be. And I think you want that too; you just don’t like the look of submission on yourself. But don’t worry, I won’t tell anyone, Shellhead.”
“If you think I give a flying fuck about what you intended—just come in, listen to what we have to say and
It doesn’t matter that he wants to not think of Steve, ever. Half of him is Steve now, and it calls to him until it echoes and then reverberates back. Because there’s no part of him that’s untouched.
His knot taunts him, inflated harder than it has been in a long time. Another spurt of come shoots out, and he grits his teeth at the sensation. He doesn’t always knot, but when he does, the orgasms never usually last this long. His body is wondering why there’s no omega wrapped around him. He doesn’t know what to tell it to stop making him feel the way he does.
He’s startled from his thoughts by a somewhat raucous laugh that dims into a fit of giggles. He watches an alpha-omega couple standing by the doors, smiling at each other over some inside joke.
, bright and free, and Tony has a moment to appreciate how far he’s come since the Avengers had rescued him from HYDRA. Tony laughs, too, and they watch each other for a moment, basking in their happiness together before Tony crawls off of him, offering his hand and assisting Bucky’s rise from the ground in a show of sportsmanship. Bucky’s long hair cascades in front of his eyes as he stands, and he flips it back with a flick of his hand. The smile stays on his face, kind and welcoming and special, meant just for Tony, Bucky’s best friend’s almost-mate. Warmth crawls up his body, from his toes to his ears, and the acceptance in Bucky’s smile is indescribable.
He remembers the first taste of acrid air, the stink of welding and burnt plastics serenading his deepest cravings for this way of life. The floors clicked underneath his military-issued boots, the world swirling around him as people bobbed right and left, bent on their missions. It was an indifference Tony was gasping and begging for, a life away from being the son of a very rich man with very far reach. Here, he was just Tony.
Because Steve was right. Bond-dodging was illegal. At least your first bond. Divorce was allowed, with good reason and a year-long waiting period, and no one was forced to bond twice. The law was being protested in courts currently, with a great many promising cases for it being overturned. It hadn’t reached the Supreme Court, but it was expected to, which had three alphas, five betas, and one omega. It was a good ratio.
He’d call Sunset brazen, but it would require her to understand she’d done something wrong in the first place. The woman had no fear. She’d gotten away with it.
“What do you want, Barton? I don’t understand why there’s this much animosity. Yes, what happened was awful, and things have changed at home, but it’s like this is personal for you, and I don’t understand why. And besides, it’s business between Tony and me.”
“Phil! Come in.” Pepper, that absolute traitor. She gets up, pleased, or pretending to be pleased, to meet one of the men who has a hand in keeping Tony from dying, again.
“Show me where in the laws that it says I can’t be allowed to use minor corporal punishment on omegas.” Steve had checked. Omegas had gained substantial divorce rights when it came to infidelity and abuse, but a spanking or restraint still wasn’t considered to be excessive. In Steve’s time, omegas could be collared and leashed, and were with regularity. Steve didn’t care either way about the public humiliation. It was simply another tool that alphas had used at the time. There were still plenty of options to pick from these days with Tony.
“You can wipe that dick-eating grin off your face, Fury. Fine.” He snatched up a bag and inhaled deeply. No. Not that one, and not that one.
“What the hell is going on here? How come I’m finding your husband malnourished and going through false heat?” Fury looks ready to spit nails, his face contorted into a snarl.
They're a mirror of each other, Tony thinks. Making tough calls, putting their life on the line for the world. But like Howard, Steve can’t see it in Tony, and he can’t blame Steve for that. There’s a darkness when he stares into their reflection, except he likes what he sees on Steve’s side and detests the selfishness on his end. Steve was born good; Tony learned the hard way.
“I’ve always loved you Tony. Really, I have,” Steve says as he slows his pace, gliding steadily in and out of Tony. “I just couldn’t hold it back anymore. Not with you, like this. I said I never intended to hurt you by not telling you about your parents, but I can’t help myself with you. It wasn’t enough to watch the world cause you pain anymore. I had to do it. It had to be me. I said I didn’t want to hurt you, but I lied. I want to want not to hurt you. But I can’t stop.”
“I think I’ve not been doing the best I can. I’ve let thoughts of what a proper omega means cloud my senses towards right and wrong. The things I’ve tried to impose on him… I can’t see doing it now, but I can’t unsee doing it.”
It’s enough to jar him out of whatever thoughts he had about finding out where this place is. He needs to get out. His tactical mind suggests there are more of whatever she is waiting outside. That’s just how it’s going to have to be. It’s instinctual too, that he should not let these creatures touch him if he can help it, much less bite down.
for Steve with a yearning that Tony feels in his heart, the primary feathers pointing towards the other man in a frankly rude demonstration. This was just terrible, because of all the things he’s never wanted to do, it’s to put his feelings before Steve’s. If Steve knew, he’d be so uncomfortable, Tony knew.
When Tony, pale-faced and unconscious came trundling in on the emergency gurney, his heart almost stopped. A man of action, he turned to Bruce and started rolling up his sleeves.
When he gets there, he has a moment where he tries to keep the lie. But it doesn’t stick, and his self-control evaporates as he shucks off his pants and boxers, lays on his bed, and takes a firm grip around his shaft.
“Fine. You know what? You can order in tonight, but we’re taking care of your finances this evening and you’re also going to learn how to cook eventually. Clear?”
Nat and Bucky avoid him the rest of the week. Bucky isn’t even hiding the cold face he makes at Steve when Tony isn’t looking. The tower’s atmosphere is on tenterhooks, and even Tony is cluing in that things aren’t quite right.
“I’m not a good man, Edith.” Conall eventually hit his omega. Is that what he’s doomed to? The more he polices Tony the more likely it is that he’ll hurt him in some other way? Steve would have leashed him if it had still been the law. He would have been like Conall.
“Over bacon. I like it.” He repulsors a pig to the head, and it drops immediately. From there it takes less than two minutes for Iron Man to get each animal downed. What was the point of all of them coming out here again? Ah, yes. Team building.
“We’ll show you how it’ll be with us, and after, you can pick.” Steve pets Tony’s hair and slides his hand down to cup Tony’s chin.
Steve paced now, back and forth behind an invisible line. They were both silent for a time, Tony curled against the wall, praying for immediate rescue. Steve, well.
to his groin, the heat sending little shocks up and down his spine, ending at the tip of his cock, which is entirely illogical.
“We’ll see about that. And it’s Tony, you geriatric ass—” Tony whips open the door to the conference room and stalks out of it, looking determined. He won’t have any luck. SHIELD’s lawyers had been thorough. This time tomorrow, they’ll have exchanged mating bites.
Steve’s knot begins to loosen, and with it, Steve’s face crinkles with agitation. Tony knows that Steve wants to stay; stay in him, stay with him. His cock is so perfect nestled inside Tony. He never wants this to end.
“Yeah, I heard that.” Steve wants to swallow his own tongue. He hit Tony. He can acknowledge that now, that he hit him. Steve had done that with his own two hands.
“And I can see that by exactly zero indicators on your face.” Tony doesn’t look up from his phone as he mumbles, but he knows that Steve heard and he knows the face Steve is making. Plump lips forced into a line that looks cut across his face, eyes stony with flecks of grey, and his brows furrowed. Tony doesn’t ever stare; gaze too long into the abyss, the abyss also gazes into you.
The morning light is creeping through the curtains, and he figures that it’s time to replenish themselves with food, so he slowly gets up from the nest, trying not to spook Tony. There’s no reason to throw on clothes, as he’ll be needed again soon for Tony.
No, the person that appealed the most, just happened to be his erstwhile assistant, now CEO. And it wasn’t her scent or her biology. It was the way she was protective of him. How she fought her instinct to wash her hands of the mess with Iron Man and stayed by his side through the many mistakes he’d made.
When noon passes by without Tony’s arrival, he thinks that he should give Tony the benefit of the doubt. But as one passes by with no Tony, Steve knows he has to go to the lab and drag him out.
Fury had said he would be thirty minutes earlier than the Alpha, to get his bearings. Tony also shouldn’t bother trying to get in sooner; his code wouldn’t work. Tony didn’t want to admit that half an hour was on the lower end of calming the panic attack he could feel just under his skin. Which could also be his heat. Or both.
“So I ran. I’m still running. David can’t find me and Madison here. I’m working on divorce proceedings now, but David, he keeps trying to find me. I don’t know why I agreed to this meeting today. I think I did because I didn’t want to be scared anymore. David can’t walk in here and get me. He can’t take my money again. He can’t take my daughter. She’s an omega, and this isn’t the life I’d want her to live. I’m doing this so she doesn’t have to live this way.”
“Not enough. How pathetic you are, needing this more than you value the lives of other people. What would Peggy say? I suppose you’ll never know, exactly. But we can guess, can’t we?” Tony went in for taunting, and it was only Steve’s experience and patience that kept his mouth shut against the barbs that Tony dug into him relentlessly. He liked the way Tony made him hurt. It kept him awake, aware. It was no less than he deserved for failing the mantle of Captain America like he has.
“But then I wouldn’t have a reason to come visit, now would I?” Bucky smells like metal and something masculine, rough around the edges but with a slight musk to it. Tony knows because Bucky has been getting close—physically close—when it comes to the arm, and Tony doesn’t want to tell the man to back off. So sue him. Bucky is a damn fine alpha, and Tony is a single omega.
“Steve? Let me go? I told you both, I can’t pick. I don’t know which of you I should be with, which means maybe we should wait?” He’s not entirely sure what’s going to happen now. He doesn’t think he can take much more of this. Tony is unbearably aroused still, and he can’t help it. The sheer amount of alpha pheromones in the air make it impossible to think straight. The smells of fuck or fight on an alpha are so similar, Tony doesn’t know if Steve and Bucky are going to tear into each other over him or if they’re both going to take turns having him. From the way their conversation went, and how he’s able to see how
“I want everything, and what’s left after that too. That’s all mine. I should probably cut you loose, but I just can’t bring myself to do it.” Tony’s eyes are dangerously bright, piercing through layers of Steve’s confidence. He has no choice, whatsoever, he realizes. He belongs to Tony. He’s come so far from not wanting this, to needing it with every fiber of his being, to becoming something that subsists on giving Tony what he needs and wants. Tony’s confession makes him shudder with fear at being cast aside, but deep down, he’s alight with hope.
What he would have given months ago to have Steve touch him like this. It makes him feel giddy and somewhat gluttonous as he imagines it. Maybe he doesn’t have Steve as a partner, a lover, an
“No. Inside. I want you inside me.” Tony’s eyes are clenched shut and he looks pained. Hasn’t Tony done this before? Steve tries to press in just a bit, but Tony’s breath hitches and he grunts.
She takes in a deep breath and looks up, as if gathering her thoughts. “Well, the R&D boys are… concerned. I gave them access to all workspaces and they’re working hard, but they’re worried they’re not gonna be fast enough with the filters.”
“Why?” Tony asks, and it is almost a plea, a desperate request for an answer, for direction, for anything at all that will help him fill the void that has been carved deep inside him, like the vast darkness of the universe.
“I didn’t think you would admit that.” Nebula mutters, and Tony realizes, with a small, confused smile, that it’s meant to be a
Truth is, there’s a big part of their lives that just doesn’t overlap no matter how hard they try. A Venn Diagram, that grows larger and larger as they fill their lives with things as the years go by, but so very little of it actually meets the contact point between their individual circles. Tony’s half is filled with Avengers business and upgrades to the suit and meetings with Ross and remodeling the Compound and… Peter. A chest that Tony kept filling and filling with items collected from a world he promised he would step out of when given the chance because it would make her happy. And her part too, it grew beyond places Tony could reach. She kickstarted the September Foundation and the entire new segment of medical aid and prosthesis through SI after Extremis, and her projects became grander and grander until Tony’s participation in them started to diminish because of time management, and the gap just… grew. It was small, but it grew. And it kept growing.
Bruce looks at him, a little jittery but completely silent, until he releases a long, shaky exhale, and nods, looking at Tony with big, wide, trusting eyes, and despite all nervousness and anxiety agitating itself inside Tony, like the water dangerously crashing close to the shore, a flicker of warmth and content blooms in his chest, a small comfort in the middle of the storm.
“So you’re not a total idiot.” Rocket mumbles, and Lang actually looks a little offended, pouting and frowning lightly.
“Clint and Wanda will follow later, but they’ll wait in Egypt. Scott decided to go to India for a while.”
A strange type of loneliness. A loneliness that comes solely from within, no matter how many people are in the room, as if now that all the jitters he felt months ago have finally drained away, he was just left
Thor has nothing to do with this. Thor hasn’t done anything wrong to Tony, ever, and he doesn’t deserve Tony’s bitterness, just like Bruce hadn’t. Tony is just… taking it out on the people who have never done him harm, and he needs to
“I’m glad you’re here.” He says, because… Because it’s true. It is true. And it might be the only truth Tony will allow him to say, the only one that will not explode in their faces, the only tentative attempt at politeness and a semblance of amicability that will be able to hold on in spite of the gap between them that, apparently, will never close.
They reach the first floor eventually – too soon, yet not soon enough – and they walk as silently as they can while searching for a way out.  Nebula spots the signs that guide them to a back door, the plaques that lead to the secondary exit, the back entrance, right ahead of them, and that’s where she takes them. And the more it gets closer, the more difficult is to Tony to keep walking, the harder it is for him to obey the very simple command of
thinks about it, after so many nights awake in restless fidgeting, staring at blank walls while his teammates doze peacefully behind him, with only the quiet and the cold and the phantom sensation of a long-lost friend beside him, Steve realizes how
The phrase reaches his tongue in a second, rising up his throat so fast he almost bites his tongue trying to stop it from coming out. He manages, at the very last second, and feels the way his jaw twitches weirdly because of it. He doesn’t know if Maria notices it.
a choice. They were just a group of people trying to do the right thing, to help others, because it’s what they should do; and they
Get over here!” to the other side, hoping he will get the cue and join Tony behind the safety of the barrier—
