Emma always makes a damn fine argument. She waves at him in the rear view until he turns off their street and Dean swears, he’s gonna fix this. Emma’s support is all he needs.
“You’re so good for me, opened up so easy,” he murmurs into Dean's throat. “Are you ready for my cock, Mr. Winchester?”
Dean waggled his eyebrows. “You'll see. Now get changed, we're leaving in five.”
“So you don’t think we’re moving too fast?” Dean kept telling himself he didn’t care what anyone thought but this was Charlie. Her approval meant the world to him.
It always gets him focused and back on the mound.
Dean lifts an eyebrow and shrugs.
“Hello, Dean,” he murmurs before he sits and Dean regrets
Maybe Castiel has, but there’s no one else he’d rather share a property line with. After the remodel, Rowena started coming over once or twice a week for tea with Castiel, and their afternoon chats are a highlight of his week. Last week she arrived with a basket full of mistletoe, which she insisted they hang throughout the house and store, to ward off any evil spirits that “may or may not be lingering”, according to her.
“We’re staying out for a while,” Cas replies, shaking his head at Dean’s pout. “Come on, Mr. Wayne, let’s get drunk.”
“What do you think? Where do you think we should go, hmm?” All he receives is a loud snore and he shakes his head at his lazy little boy. Castiel has no idea what they could do and he’s considering asking Claire when a huge line of people coming out of Donna’s coffee shop stops him in his tracks. He checks his watch, thinking it’s later than it is but no, it’s still very early, too early for this many people.
“That so?” Bobby gives him another once over, and maybe it's just the fading light but he almost seems interested in Castiel now.
The two of them stop bickering for a second at the alarm coming from the phone. A drop of marinara hits the floor and Dean scowls.
Not waiting for an answer, Donna takes the same path they’ve been weaving around the tables all night to get to the side of the bar that has the best service. They insist on full best friend approval on all hook ups and they’ve bullshit enough tonight, so Dean knows she wants to get down to it. She’s just as bad as he is about hooking up, which is why she’s a kick-ass wingman — wingwoman?
“Two weeks, Sam. Can I get that, at least?” He gives Sam his best puppy eyes. “You can go home and see Jess for a while. Take her up to Tahoe, stay in the cabin. We can meet up in LA after.”
Castiel sips his tea, pleased that she’s right and enjoying the taste a lot, the cherry adding just the right amount of extra sweetness to the green tea. He confirms with Donna and she makes a pleased noise before getting back to work
“I thought it was just chocolate and marshmallow? What are these for?”
there’s an iced lemon donut (which happens to be Castiel’s favorite) with a candle stuck in it just for him, and Donna happily giggles at Castiel’s blush and gives him a tight birthday hug and their food and drinks on the house.
“You know, we’re supposed to blow out candles.” Castiel pulls his twin’s piece away so he can stick a candle in it.
Dean just got drafted to the fucking
They’re done eating and Dean throws a few twenties on the table and they start to walk back to his place. Charlie links their arms and rests her head on his shoulder while they walk.
and Dean groans as their tongues swipe around Cas’s long fingers, both of them wanting to taste the other.
“He ain’t lyin’,” Dean replies with a shrug. Castiel doesn’t know how he’s so calm, but then again, Dean’s not the one with his foot in his mouth. He’s seriously considering making his excuses before he can say anything else awkwardly when Dean’s hand pressing against the small of his back has Castiel’s entire brain short circuiting.
Realizing that, Dean decides it’s time for them to go. John’s still as angry as they found him and Dean’s wary but he’s more scared that Ellen will have his ass when they’re late to dinner if they don’t get on the road. It’s possible this is the confrontation that Dean’s been expecting, but does his dad honestly think he could take Dean in a fight? Especially with Cas here?
Always the more mature one between them, Cas just smiles and pulls away to grab his plate and eat. Dean follows, he guesses.
Cas rummages in Dean’s bag from the drugstore, pulling out the bag of assorted chocolate he picked up on the way home.
As nervous as this man makes him, Castiel wants to make a good impression, or at least, make a fair attempt at one. He steps forward and holds out his hand, somewhat proud that it hardly trembles. “Castiel Novak, sir.”
Dean’s sitting up, sheets pooled around his waist, and heart pounding in his chest when Cas comes back to him. On his knees next to Dean, he opens the box, the lid creaking as it opens to reveal a badass black metal ring that looks twisted, one row of colored and white diamonds weaved with a line of blue-ish green stone.
Cas thought maybe they should take a break.
Dean is suddenly exhausted. “They were in the glovebox. With the Jack.” He gestures weakly at the bottle on Cas’ nightstand.
Dean meant to invite him as a member of the community. Given the day they spent together, Castiel’s even more confident about considering them friends. It’s clear Dean loves their neighborhood and it’s obvious he’s eager to make Castiel feel welcome, Dean the type to make sure any newcomer feels the same.
Castiel’s eyebrows fly up in surprise. “I thought we agreed no gifts, Dean.” They had discussed this, deciding to spend their money on everyone else, and Pug, of course. He’d gotten a new pillow for their bedroom and an almost all new winter wardrobe. And now Dean was standing here with a present for Castiel and all he had gotten him was a simple card.
Cas sighs as he leans into Dean’s attention. “I keep waiting to wake up from this dream, don’t you? Every few moments it still seems surreal, more now, watching it up there, like it happened to someone else.”
“Of course, Cas, anything you need. But only if you tell me why you hate your birthday.”
After that it’s just Cas and his warm mouth and clever lips, with his thick shoulders and his
“Mom gave me her approval, and you and me? You and me are done. Sir.” It’s the last time Dean plans to ever speak to his dad again, let alone give him the title he’s demanded his entire life.
He nods and waves as her car leaves.
Hugging him causes the first big lump to grow in Dean's throat.
“And bring it back with three cups. You’ll be joining us,” her father cuts her off smoothly, ignoring Claire’s shocked expression. “Now, Claire.”
If anyone was looking close enough, they’d see both Cas and Dean relax as the runner crosses over home plate.
The lack of movie education makes Dean question everything, which leads them to discussing Dean’s favorite topic, music.
Dean hides his smile by rolling his head to the side so he can address the three original occupants of their table, all of whom now seem to be very interested in them.
"Be patient, we'll get there." Cas' words burn into the curve of Dean's neck. "All you need to do is keep watching."
Jimmy.
“Nice carrot sticks,” Bobby says, giving Dean’s hair one last glance with a nod.
Castiel just shakes his head and huffs out a laugh as their elevator arrives. When they climb on and the doors slide shut, it's only a moment of staring across the shared space before the duffle hits the ground with a thud and they're on each other, both reaching for the other and meeting in the middle, mouths hot and crashing together. Dean's hands slide into Castiel’s hair and Castiel wraps Dean in his arms, pulling their bodies together as Castiel slams them into the wall of the elevator. He takes care to keep their hips flush so only Dean's shoulders are pressed into the mirror behind them.
He takes a deep breath and makes the stupid minion joke.
Castiel makes a frustrated noise. “Is that really of import right now?”
Together.
“Um, any chance you found my cell phone? I’m really hopin’ I didn’t drop it running my ass to practice this morning.”
“Yeah, man. You've never seen the ocean. Let's go look at it.”
“There’s nothing to forgive, Dean,” Cas reassured him.
Castiel likes to keep those.
When the door lock beeps and grants him entrance; Castiel takes a deep breath and pushes down the door handle. The suite is dark and past the sitting room, Castiel can see the curtains drawn back, the city alive and pulsing in the night. None of that penetrates the room he’s entered, only the light from the hall casting long shadows across the floor. The door clicks shut behind him and he shrugs out of his trench coat, folding it over the nearest chair.
He’s full on working a hickey into Dean’s shoulder by the time they get back to his house and almost entirely in Dean’s lap and Dean rips at his seatbelt after he throws the Impala into park. It’s dark in the garage and Dean slides over to pull Cas the rest of the way into his lap.
“He’s gonna make me dance for him Charlie, I know it.”
Tattoos aside, it means everything to slip the now resized ring from his mom— made bigger with the same gold that made Dean’s ring— onto Cas’s finger. They might not be able to wear the rings often, but they’re still something else to represent their endless, profound bond.
Dean loves Cas’s dark floppy curls and how fuckin’ soft they are, almost distracting enough until Cas slides his hot mouth further south, swallowing Dean down deeper. He isn’t fucking around this morning, and they both moan when Dean’s cock brushes the back of Cas’s throat. Dean thinks he might come when Cas opens his eyes, and trains them on Dean, mouth still full. It’s enough for him to tug on Cas’s hair as a warning, Cas’s eyes darkening and only making him swallow a little deeper before pulling off, his tongue darting out to capture the string of saliva that keeps him connected to the head of Dean’s cock. It’s fucking sexy, and Dean groans in complete agony when Cas still doesn’t come back and kiss him, instead sucking his own lips clean while he does the opposite of what Dean wants by scooting off the bed but not breaking eye contact.
“Dean,” Cas admonishes, breaking their staring contest by shaking his head. “There’s four more rounds. You know teams always go for catchers in the last rounds.”
This is Dean's favorite way to walk with Cas. He likes to lean over and whisper in Cas’ ear and he loves when Cas does it back. No one bats an eye at their closeness.
Castiel leaned back, propped on his elbows, and cocked his head, curiosity winning him over. “What are you up to, Dean Winchester?”
Dean’s eyebrows fly up in surprise even as his blood rushes south at the delicious and dangerous offer. “Do you really think that’s a good idea?”
Jo's shoulders softened and she smiled back at Castiel. “Thanks Cas, that would be awesome.”
Cas tugs on his hand to get Dean to stop. “You don’t have to do this, you know.”
Satisfied, he’s about to shut off the screen and get Pug out of the water when his phone buzzes in his hand, a new text popping up from Dean. Adrenaline shoots down his spine when he sees Dean’s response, a string of three emojis: the one that’s crying from laughter, the one with hearts for eyes, and the pig returned and Castiel can only take it as a good sign that Dean liked the photo.
“Oh, Ash is fine. He got paid.” Dean smirks and then seems to remember something that makes his eyes brighten. “So, Friday!”
“My whole life, pretty sure.” Dean teases him, sweet and sincere.
Dean scooted over to Cas, framing his bent legs around Cas so he could get close. He was still giggling as he used a wet napkin to wipe Cas’ face while the man huffed over the mess.
“We knew one thing; our enemy did not care about a damn thing. All the rules were off the table. So we had to kill or be killed. Every day was full of death. I didn’t realize I was used to the smell of death until I got to Germany and it changed, took on an antiseptic twinge, you know?”
Castiel raises an eyebrow at his best friend. “If you’re lucky,” he says, cool as a cucumber, quirking one side of his mouth up before turning back to the bedroom.
Anytime he used to wear shorts, or walk around the house in his skivvies as a kid, his dad used to tease him by saying Dean would be three inches taller if he could straighten his crooked legs. Like it was something within Dean’s control.
“Yeah. Actually.” Dean furrows his brow when Cas scoffs at him. “It wasn’t like I was snooping. And when did we start keeping secrets?” Never, in all the years of their friendship has Cas ever kept anything from Dean.
The pig pushes at Castiel’s ankles and puts his front feet on Castiel’s knees, stretching up on hind legs in an attempt to be picked up. Castiel obliges, knowing it’s time to head home so Pug can go back to sleep for an hour or two. Pug likes his routine just as much as Castiel does.
It’s annoying but Sam says it's necessary, since New York is a huge market for him and the band.
“Of you, or my animals? Because I think that they’re wonderful.” He glances over to catch Dean’s halfhearted pout and the creases around his eyes deepen. “Then again… I happen to think that of you as well.”
They stop at Donna’s, Dean insisting on buying Castiel a birthday cup of tea.
“Good.” Dean’s eyes are jade in the glow of the porch light and they sweep over Castiel’s face, lingering on his lips before flicking back up to his eyes, captivating him. “Do you think maybe—let’s say one day—” He nervously stumbles over his words and Castiel can’t help but be enchanted by him.
It doesn’t take long for that hug to turn into frantic kissing, kissing that could easily get out of control, the way they’re both indulging in the desperation of the moment, of the reality of what just happened. Dean knows they need to pull it together, and he regretfully tears his lips away from Cas’s, Cas still chasing his mouth even as Dean presses their foreheads together.
He drifted off at some point, an hour after the rain that was threatening started to fall. Hearing it made him nervous that they might have to cancel, and he worried about that until he must have fallen asleep.
“No, I think you do, Bucko. Cassie isn’t going to be your plaything again, you hear me?”
Dean clenches Castiel’s hair and he chokes on Castiel’s name when his cock hits the back of Castiel’s throat. Castiel swallows around it and Dean pulses in his mouth as he comes with a long keen. He pushes his cock deeper into Castiel’s throat and Castiel loves the way Dean loses himself in his pursuit of pleasure.
He kissed Cas before he drove away, back to reality after their amazing weekend. Part of him wondered if they could maintain the giddy feeling of being together again, and another realized maybe it wouldn’t always feel like this, but between him and Cas, it would always feel special.
It wouldn’t be fair, after building two separate lives in separate places, after they found each other again, after they both figured out they could actually make this
They both get to their feet to make sure the dumbass is okay and they watch as the man stumbles away, already calling to his friends. Adrenaline fading, Dean realizes he’s a little drunk and judging by the way Cas is slightly swaying on his feet, he is too.
Speaking of which, all of their friends stop by to show their support. Donna, Jody, and Alex arrive at the same time as Claire and Jimmy and shortly after, Sam, with the twins and Eileen in tow. Bela is nowhere to be seen, and Castiel isn’t even upset about it. Rowena came in yesterday to “cleanse the store’s aura” and today, she’s by the door laughing about something with Ellen. Ash, Jo, and Kevin are by the new Story Corner and the three of them are trying all the different fun hats Dean and Castiel picked out for future story time adventures.
Dean’s never said it out loud, but if the Royals don't pick Cas, Dean probably won't sign with them. He'll take a year off if he has to, but after the lessons Dean's learned, he's not ready to be away from Cas yet, not if he can help it. He can work at The Roadhouse for a year and drive Cas's car to and from wherever he ends up… Texas, maybe? Gross. No, thank you. Dean hopes it doesn’t come to that.
“Dean.”
Cas chuckles. “Why, because I usually end up blindfolding you with it at the end of the night?”
Castiel can hear a muffled voice in the background and Dean calls out, “just a minute!” He clears his throat. “Sorry ‘bout that. Did you say Blue?”
Dean grins at him, all teeth and suggestion. “Bossy angel huh?” He wiggles his eyebrows in that way Castiel falls for every single time. “Maybe you should come over here and show me that angel blade of yours.”
Meg is (appropriately) dressed as a demon. Dean’s being generous with the word
“Hey,” he barks out over Sam, still talking. Dean has no idea what he’s talking about, something about sold out Zipcar rentals blah, blah. “Sammy, we’re coming to you. Be there around eleven but we’ll text you when we leave.”
He throws his head back and laughs when Cas pulls out his own bouquet of pink and white chrysanthemums and holds them out to Dean.
“Come in!”
Letting his fiancé go, Dean says a silent prayer as his eyes go up to the ceiling, the sun now splashing bright against it, hoping he didn’t just lie to him and make a complete jackass of himself.
He can only hold on and return the kiss he’s been dreaming of since he met the man.
“Yes, and we will be by to say hello.”
“That’s not fair. We’re dancing to Jefferson Starship.”
He tries not to—holy shit, does he try—but a laugh escapes him. Fuck if Cas stoned and giggling on the floor isn’t the most hilarious and fucking adorable thing he’s ever seen.
Dean’s in total awe of him. It’s well past midnight and here Cas is, on board, running around their condo naked so he can scout out last minute plane tickets to Las Vegas. So their family can be there to watch them get married.
At least he’s trying.
Castiel rubs his forehead. “Again, I won’t tell her any such thing. I am one hundred percent invested in her education and her success, believe me. Look, how about this? If she comes over, homework needs to be done first before anything else. And I’m a scholar, I can help her.”
If Dean gets his way, he’ll get to do his interviews later with Cas.
Finally ready to go, Castiel’s barely taken a few steps outside when he realizes that Pug is not following and when he turns back, the little pig has planted his rump on the old welcome mat that Castiel has yet to replace. That’s when Castiel notices that it’s misingt a little and with the ground still wet, Pug won’t take another step.
“We’re huggers, we’re huggers,” Karamo reassures him with a laugh as Jonathan hugs Dean hard, rocking them back and forth with a giant smile.
“I’m so, so sorry,” Castiel says, meaning it, meaning every word. “I hate that it’s today and I hate that this is so awful. I—”
“Well, we
“All right boy, if you’re done with your home ec class, we can hit the road.” Bobby takes the last piece of bacon from his plate. “I’ve already got the desk loaded in the truck. Let’s go.”
“Shit, did you see that guy dressed like Wonder Woman? He’s even confusing my very lesbian ass.” The tiny Velma in front of him is waiting for the bar with her friend—
His hands continue their ascent, Dean’s skin pliant under Castiel’s touch. He curls like a cat under the drag of Castiel’s palms and comes willingly when Castiel wraps his fingers around Dean’s throat to bring him closer. When Dean’s back is pressed to his chest, Castiel tightens his hold, squeezing Dean’s throat. Castiel can feel Dean’s pulse fluttering. His beautiful surrender makes Castiel hard.
White pearls of come splash on Dean's face, contrasting nicely with his flushed cheeks and freckles.
Dean can smell the weed the moment he steps out of his room. The skunky, earthy aroma is familiar, even if it's been years since he's smoked. What he doesn’t understand is
They’re both laughing. Dean lets go of Cas’ legs and twists around to lay on top of him, his mouth at Cas’ sternum. He pushes Cas’ shirt up, exposing his stomach. They both squirm enough so Dean can help Cas out of it. Cas is pulling at Dean’s shirt now, pulling it up from his back, the bulk of it slipping over Dean’s head and getting caught. They’re both cracking up as Dean tries to wiggle his way out of his own shirt.
Cas raises an eyebrow as he slaps the ball into Dean's open palm. “Just trying to fuck with this guy. Such an asshole.” This batter has hit home runs off Dean before so Cas hates him on principle. “You should make him chase these.”
“This is considered kidnapping. You’re kidnapping an officer of the fucking law, guys.” Dean narrows his eyes and sweeps an accusing finger between his abductors. “I could arrest you both, charge you with the felonies you deserve.”
With Claire in Aspen, they asked Ash to watch Pug again but this time, they would need to pick Pug up. At The Roadhouse. Castiel protested at first, of course, considering a
“Dean?”
He can’t think of Cas driving the Impala. Dean never lets anyone drive his car, but he doubts he could resist seeing what that looked like, just once.
Well, who the fuck cares. Dean has a date with a really hot, really flirty guy who sounds into him. He’s glad they decided to meet tomorrow otherwise he’d be going out of his mind waiting to see Cas again.
“There was only one time someone called the cops on me when I was breaking into her house for the fiftieth time.”
Someone clears their throat and Dean flinches as Novak slowly closes his legs. Dean tries to stand quick to recover any sort of dignity he might have left but that goes completely out the window when he smashes his head on the desk as he gets up.
“Sorry.” He wipes her face with one hand, her cheeks now wet with tears. “Please don’t cry. Me and Cas aren’t fighting, we just gotta talk this out.”
“Baz left on Monday!” Sam was always quick to call him on his shit.
Dean sat down at Cas’ computer and scrolled through his iTunes account until he found what he was looking for. Incubus’ “Warning” filled the room, and Dean got up and stepped over a pile of clothes to reach Cas, who was still fussing with his vest. Slipping his arms around Cas’ waist, Dean leaned in and rested his chin on his shoulder.
He’s only ever been good at one thing in his life, and that’s baseball. Pitching, to be exact. His dad taught him how to throw before he could walk and it’s been Dean’s entire life and if he’s lucky, it’ll stay that way.
Dean winces, and Cas’s grip on his hands gets vice like.
Dean is pretending to sing, one knee on the steering wheel keeping them steady, an imaginary microphone in his hand.
Dean fuckin’ knew it. He’s not avoiding the introductions, he just wasn’t quite ready for him and Cas to leave their little bubble.
“Sorry about him. Little brothers, you know?” Dean looked apologetically towards Castiel.
“Did I say that? No, I said there are risks, risks that you might not have thought about.”
“Do you think Dean wants to… date me?”
“Jimmy, I’m not trying to—” Castiel clenches his jaw. This isn’t the argument they should be having. “What I’m trying to say is, as her uncle, I can’t tell her she isn’t welcome because I will
“Hey sweetheart, think we might be able to walk you home?”
His dad isn’t buying it. John lifts him up onto the counter, checking him for bruises or blood and finding none, puts his hands on either side of Dean, looking him dead in the eye.
She used to walk a sleepy Cas back to his house, but gave up the fight three months in. Now, she calls Naomi to tell her where Cas is before feeding them both breakfast and driving them to school together.
Cas crumpled in his arms. Dean cradled him, and shifted their bodies across the leather seat. He grabbed the blanket, cleaning them while pressing kisses into Cas’ skin. He threw the blanket to the floorboards and gathered Castiel in his arms brushing sweaty strands of hair away from Cas’ face.
The chatter and excitement of the store falls silent, as the crowd realizes what’s happening.
Their waitress leaves and Dean glares at Sam. “You're the worst, you know that. Be cool in front of your girl,” Dean scolds him, still trying to avoid the indignation.
That starts a quick round of memories that include Chuck, much to Castiel’s surprise. All their stories end with the way he started to withdraw from the community, a subject everyone is quick to move on from.
“I’m glad you like it, wait until you see what I got you to wear.”
As hard as Dean’s trying to hold the contempt at Castiel’s tactics in his eyes, they’re glittering when he shakes his head slowly in disapproval. “That’s low, sweetheart, real low.”
Her whole face transforms into joy. “So… I guess that means last night went well?”
. We talked about loss, and what it meant to lose his parents and how really, it’s been the two of you for a long time, is that right?”
it’s all gloomy when I’m tryin’ to give this to you.” He leans in to let Castiel take a closer look. “It’s a bag, see. I make them out of old band shirts.” Dean turns his gift over and there’s a black and white logo and he can see the name Queen going down the side. “I was savin’ this shirt for somethin’ special and figured, since you enjoyed the tape…”
Dean’s mouth drops open and now it’s Castiel’s turn to huff in mock indignation. When Dean notices him trying to fight back a grin, his eyebrows go up under the brim of his hat and he looks at Castiel with an exaggerated look of disbelief, his smile trying to burst free and making the corners of Dean’s mouth twitch before laughter bubbles out of him and Castiel’s entire heart soars at Dean’s reaction to his teasing.
A friend of his dad’s from their Army days, Bobby was always around when Dean was growing up. He gave John a job when other places wouldn’t hire Vietnam veterans, and he always took him back when John didn’t show up for work because he was too drunk to leave the house. After their dad died, Bobby offered Dean a job at his garage, but he couldn’t pay as much as his grandpa was offering, so Dean had to decline. He even offered Dean a room over the shop after Sam graduated, but by then, Dean was determined to keep getting by on his own.
Dean said he was fine, and he proves just how fine he is by using his slider to get his next out and he’s pretty much showing off when he retires the last Yankee batter with a beautiful, floating curveball; the spin of it so perfect, the laces form a solid red circle as the ball hurtles towards home plate. The snap of Cas’s glove as he catches the ball is almost as satisfying as the way the batter spins around in an attempt to hit it and the guy is so mad, he vents his frustration by snapping his bat over his knee on the way back to his dugout.
“It's my keyboard! I hope you don't mind, but I'm supposed to practice a few hours a week. Since I couldn't bring a piano, my father bought me this to set up in our room.” Castiel placed the long box on his bed and pulled out pieces of the stand. He set it up before pulling the keyboard out and placing it gently on the stand.
Dean barks out a laugh. “Touche.”
Good for them.
“They did a few episodes on hurricanes and showed some of these off.” It was a cool show, but seeing something like this in person beats it by a mile.
Dean glances at Cas’s arms and he understands.
Cas’ hair smells like citrus; a bottle of his orange peel shampoo now resides in Dean’s shower.
He shakes his head at himself and opens two beers, slipping back into bed beside Cas. Dean takes a pull from his beer as Cas stretches, his toes pointing in the air from outside the blanket. He drags himself into sitting position and presses against Dean. Dean passes him the beer and holds his own out and Cas clinks them together with a laugh.
Just as quick, they dart back down to the piece of paper as he unfolds it.
“Hello, Dean.”
I want to talk about.” Dean is trying to wave them all off but it's clear he isn't getting off the hook that easy and Castiel decides he isn't going to help him.
Dean could get into it with her over her birthday last October and the redhead he took home instead of her, but he won’t. He did Donna a favor anyway because Dean ended up having to block that girl’s number.
Wincing, Dean remembers the terrible landing in Costa Rica. “Nah, landing was a little bumpy, got my stomach all worked up. And on the last flight, I was too busy prayin' to think about eatin'.” He shifts in his seat so Sam knows Dean's giving him a
“You know that book series I like? About the angel and the hunter?”
Dean’s heart clenched in his chest. He owed everything to Bobby and Ellen. They had stepped into the role of parents following the car crash that took John and Mary Winchester from them when Sam was six months old. If it wasn't for Bobby and Ellen, Dean had no idea where they would be. The thoughts of what could have been scared him. He'd never be able to repay them, so he worked hard to make them proud. Dean quickly wiped away the tear that had escaped his eye and pulled her back into a tight hug. “Love you, Mama.”
Dean hugged Ellen and reassured her he would be home for dinner on Monday. She hugged him tightly, leaning in as she did so.
Jimmy shakes his head slowly as he picks his briefcase back up, turning to leave. “Please don’t refer to livestock as my nephew.”
“Hi, Mom,” Dean starts, the threat of tears in the back of his throat. “I brought someone with me I want you to meet.” Glancing at Cas, Dean sees tears already shining in his bright blue eyes and one spills over when they exchange soft smiles. “This is Castiel, and he’s my— Cas is my—”  Dean struggles with the perfect way to describe the man that means everything to him and he settles with what his mom wanted for him the most. “This is the man that I love with all my heart. And he’s agreed to marry me.”
“I think so too, mama.”
are kind and you care a whole hell of a lot about your best friend.”
And they’re gonna look badass.
“If I’d known you were this fussy over pie, I’d have gotten you a cake.”
Dean promises to send them all a copy but keeps the photo to himself for the time being, not quite wanting everyone to see that instead of smiling into the camera, his eyes are glued on Cas because truth be told, he’s been glowing with joy and Dean hasn’t been able to stop staring at him all afternoon.
Could Cas
The more he thinks about it, the more Dean wants to tell Cas. Cas beats him to the punch.
“Hey, you know what I think?”
They stare, and the minutes go by, hours, days; Dean doesn’t know and doesn’t care. Cas brushes their lips together every once in a while, his eyes never leaving Dean’s. They fall asleep like that.
It’s fucking Cas. Cas, standing outside the batter's box in his own practice uniform, royal blue chest protector and leg guards strapped tight to him, highlighting his wide chest and trim waist and holy shit, Dean’s brain is just making that annoying internet dial up sound now as he tries to process what he’s seeing.
When dawn breaks, Castiel opens his eyes feeling battered, bruised, but content to wake up in Dean’s strong arms. As the morning sunlight filters through their curtains and gives the room a soft glow, Dean gathers Castiel closer to start their day off with a kiss, once he realizes Castiel is awake.
He coughs. “Yes, I'm supposed to have dinner with Gabriel and Kali and we usually end up at The Roadhouse. Maybe—”
and Dean just fixes cars (
The Kansas crew arrives first and finds Donna in the lobby while they are making their way to the pool. Only Sam, Jess, Ellen and Bobby make it out, Jo staying with Donna. It's been a few months since they've all been together, Christmas in Lawrence being the last time, and Dean's so fucking happy he and Cas are gonna be local again. They talked about where they might want to live when they buy a house and are already making plans to go check out some neighborhoods.
, even though he knows it’s my favorite food holiday.”
of us.” He kisses him again, and again, as many times as he can to keep that smile on Cas’ face. “You and us, darlin’,” he whispers, confesses, his heart open for Cas. “Long as you’ll have me.”
That just makes it worse and Castiel has to kiss him until both their mouths are warm again and Pug is squealing from inside the basket. After he does his business, its back inside so the three of them can make their way over to see the park’s Christmas tree, set up between the arch and the fountain. The strings of white lights that adorn the tree glow despite the snow covering it and Castiel can’t help but find it breathtaking, especially when Dean stands beside it.
It's Donna’s turn to groan.
Dean’s already stumbling towards Cas like he has any chance to stop him, but he doesn’t even get to the edge when he hears a loud whoop followed by an even louder splash that echoes off the surrounding cliff side.
Jimmy is already eating a piece of his vanilla cake, humming appreciatively around the bite.
“Donna, look,” Dean’s gotta give it to her straight. “We’ve thought about everything, I promise. We’ve gone through every worst-case scenario there is and we still want to do this, okay?” Something that wasn’t there before catches in Dean’s throat when Cas breezes back in the room, a huge smile on his face and phone still to his ear, rolling his eyes at whatever Gabe is on about as he grabs their toiletry bag, gesturing that he’s taking it downstairs for Dean to use before they go.
He certainly didn’t mean to imply he didn’t like Dean’s kisses,
Cas, who loves morning sex.
. With the lovely blonde hair I’ve seen coming and going from here since we lost our dear Charles. Never did think you’d up and
“Fuck, Charlie, I almost forgot how hard these classes are,” Dean’s out of breath.
“I’m sorry man, that—that must have been tough.”
Cas tries to catch each one, first with his lips and then with his tongue, making Dean laugh.
“Hello, Dean,” Castiel says, loving the way Dean’s face softens.
because he stills both their hips with one final grind.
When he sneezed, Pug flicked a stack of bubbles from his nose that are now stuck on top of his head and he looks so adorable, tiny droplets of water stuck to his eyelashes as he looks to Castiel to see what’s so funny.
They can hear her sigh again. “He was gone when you got there?”
Dean levels his gaze at the excited man whose hands are now sliding around to grab his ass. “Damn right, Cas,” he says with as much pride as he can. He hooks a hand around Cas’ neck and drags him in for a slow kiss.
about the snow new meaning as Castiel’s breath catches in his throat and he has to stop them right then and there on the path, just so he can kiss Dean, startling him as he tries to blink away the flakes.
“God bless you,” Castiel says, bringing his hand up to squeeze Dean's shoulder, blue eyes dancing. “Would you like to find a table? I think it would be nice to catch up.” He says it like Dean might say no which is funny because Dean doesn’t think he’s ever been able to say no to Cas, even if he tried. He sure as hell isn’t about to start now.
Castiel swallows the delicious bite he just took, humming appreciatively as he does it, a warmth curling under his skin. “My apologies. Claire’s the vegan in the family. Despite what most people think, I actually love bacon.” He puts a hand over Pug’s head playfully. “Don’t tell Pug.” He nods towards their cups. “Now what did you bring me?”
Castiel remains awake as they head towards the park, Dean filling the silence with more neighborhood chatter and if Castiel didn’t know any better, he’d think it possible that Dean’s
Between school and all the applications, Dean doesn’t have much time to think about how things are between him and Cas. It’s not weird, after the things they did, but things are different. When they’re at school, it's business as usual: Dean jumping between cliques and Cas on the fringes. He’s been withdrawing more and more, skipping school and generally not giving a fuck. He’ll make like he’s going but when Dean gets out of the truck, Cas  stares at the school with a far away look in his eyes and Dean knows he won’t get out. Cas will be there to pick him up and he never misses work but Dean can’t help but wonder what he does all day when he doesn’t go to school.
Dean rolls his eyes, so he’s not watching Cas’s bicep flex as he pulls himself into the jeep. He has to sit here like a functioning person for fuck knows how long; he needs to pull it together.
Dean hugged his friend back. “Thanks, Benny. Appreciate it.”
They settled on their beds, facing each other with plates filled with sausage and pepperoni pizza balanced on their laps. It had been a pretty good first day.
Dean’s boneless when Cas kisses him, covering his face with them as he runs his fingers through Dean’s hair. “Dean,” he huffs against Dean’s jaw. “Can I—I want—” He struggles with voicing his request and Dean wants to give him everything.
Nothing, absolutely nothing good could come out of that conversation. Castiel pushes his way outside to find—no one. Once the bar door closes, the music cuts off and Castiel can hear raised voices to the left of the building. He jogs over but stops before he turns the corner, a familiar name making him pause.
While they climb, Cas tells Dean about Kelly Kline and her son Jack.
“To our own party? I don’t think so.” Dean pulled him close, breathing in his sweet scent. “Plus, I made you lasagna for dinner.”
“Yes, both of the twins are enthusiastic about their lessons. They’ve been pestering Jimmy for a guitar. You must be an excellent teacher.”
Castiel accepts the invitation and abandons his drink in favor of what’s in front of him. He presses his knees to the mattress between Dean’s legs and groans when Dean drops to his elbows, presenting his gorgeous ass. The straps of his garter stretch tight over the swell of his cheeks and Castiel runs his finger under one strap to pull it away from Dean’s skin. Dean’s breath hitches.
“All right, I’m sorry,” Sam waves him off. “I’m not trying to freak you out.” He calls for another round. “But you’ve got some serious heart eyes going on.”
She smiles sheepishly. “I’ll be sure to tell him thanks.”
Cas hums in agreement and turns his head to press his own kiss to Dean’s stomach. Dean laughs and reaches for the pipe, adding another pinch of weed to it before taking his first hit. He lets the pipe rest on Cas’ head in between tokes and soon he feels loose and happy, unable to keep the smile from his face. Cas swipes at him and Dean puts the pipe down on the floor, reaching over to the bag of food to bring out the snacks.
Prompt: Desk
“Dean, do you copy? Over.”
ideas and what
The guy wasn't lying about his dorm being close and in no time, they're kissing in the dark doorway of the building before he swipes them in and Dean's impressed when his room turns out to be a single, thankful it doesn't have to be a night of hushed noises and pissed off roommates.
Cas shook his head. “You’re going to regret this. You’re subjecting yourself to texts and calls at all hours of the day and night. He has no filter, Dean.”
He wants to lay here and suck Cas all night but his dick is not subtle in reminding him how badly he wants to come. He grips himself at the base and pulls off Cas’ cock, loving the sound it makes when it slaps against Cas’ stomach. Dean drags his teeth down Cas’ shaft and Cas groans out his name.
“Charlie, I’m sorry. Really.” Dean reaches across the table to squeeze her hand before turning to Sam. “I’m not avoiding you guys, I promise.”
any?”
“I'm real proud of you, son,” is all Sonny mumbles before he’s letting Dean go to hug Cas next and tell him something similar, giving Dean a chance to dry the single tear that managed it's way down his face.
He's busy peppering kisses along the back of Dean's neck and enjoying the little sighs Dean's making when he rolls over in Castiel’s arms to kiss him. Dean's lips are plump and fit perfectly with Castiel’s and he lets the slide of them together relax him.
“Are you ready to talk about the fight with your dad?”
Donna just laughs. “Oh, stuff you Dean, you just hate your birthday. Now take a fuckin’ shot with me, Winchester.”
They walk, and Dean tells him more stories about growing up on the road, in motel rooms and tiny apartments with month to month leases, painting a picture of him taking care of his little brother while their dad worked to pay the bills. Every memory is good, something funny his little brother did, like jumping off a maintenance shed when he was four, swearing up and down he could fly like Superman, until gravity proved otherwise and he ended up with a broken arm.
“How long have you been teaching?”
“Add ‘buy broom and WD-40 on the way home’ to the list, please,” Castiel requests, after a sip of green tea washes down the spoonful of Ramen he just ate.
He continues to astound Castiel at every turn.
“I’m on my way to my last one,” he says, hesitating just a second more before entering the apartment. Pug has finally noticed the newcomer and he hustles over to Jimmy, adorable in the sweater Claire changed him into, this one dark blue with pink stars stitched all over it. The purple hoodie he traveled in is hanging on the tiny coat rack Castiel found online and Claire set up in Pug’s corner of the room.
Dean threw his head back and laughed. He kissed Jo on the cheek and messed up Sam’s hair. “Thank you, both of you.”
Dean was only kinda, sorta joking this morning when he predicted twenty-seven, and at various times throughout the night, Dean’s taken many opportunities to consider himself certifiable for getting them into this mess. But then he looks at his pitch count. And then he considers that sure, Sam is concerned, but the clear blue of Cas’s eyes makes Dean believe that this might be possible. They’ve always made Dean believe
Dean stares up at the popcorn ceiling, bits of glitter glinting from the light from the television. All the other lights in the room are off and as he’s looking for shapes in the drywall, Cas looms over him, setting another drink on the coffee table.
“For what, babe,” Dean brushes their noses together.
“You’re right, did it work?”
Soft lips follow, sleepy kisses and tiny nips of Cas’s teeth as he makes his way across Dean’s bare shoulders, his breath hot against Dean’s naked skin. Cas doesn’t stop until Dean’s breathless, and more than willing to roll over and take part in a lot more kissing, and mutual morning hand jobs.
closet, here on out, Cas,” Dean says, looking Castiel up and down again.
He pushes the sweats down as far as he can reach, abandoning them to slide his hands back up and over Cas’ ass. Cas huffs out his impatience and he wiggles until his pants are off. He yanks at Dean’s sweats and Dean lifts his hips and uses his feet to push them the rest of the way. Cas goes to look down and Dean leans up to see for himself, crashing their foreheads together.
be first but when Castiel peers around, he doesn't see anyone who appears mad at them for any reason.
Claire makes a noise of protest.
Cas pulls them out of their kiss this time but Dean doesn’t expect him to pull away too, even if his hands stay fixed on Dean’s shoulders. He’s a little disheveled, Dean’s hands having traveled up and into his hair at some point. His pink mouth is kiss swollen and driving Dean crazy and he still can’t sort out why they’ve stopped making out.
Mary had just closed the lid, snapping it shut on the two peanut butter and jelly sandwiches, two apples, two bags of chips (bbq for Dean and salt and vinegar for Cas)(the two of them would mix both bags together and share them), and two pieces of cherry pie in a Tupperware. Two juice boxes (apple was their favorite) completed the lunch.
argument they had here, Castiel finally giving in just so he could escape.
Dean’s hair smells like sandalwood and autumn sunsets.
Missouri answers Cas with a sarcastic, “Mm-hmm,” and as much as Dean loves their usual back and forth, he’s too excited to keep quiet.
“Hmm is that so? Well it fits, you're pretty weird.” Dean laughed as Cas pinched his side. “But you're my kinda weird.”
Cas demands that Dean explain, and he goes into detail about the outfit—the unassuming white Polo shirt with the schools rocket logo on the pocket which was fine, until you got down to the red shorts, which were, in fact, short—above the knees, like Dean wanted to just flash those around. Thankfully, white tube socks with red stripes covered most of his legs, but Dean still wore the red sweatsuit more often than not, even if it kinda sorta flashed his junk when he walked. No one should be looking at that, but Dean bought some tighter underwear after he caught his reflection at the end of the first day.
“Shirts,” Castiel reminds him when he lets Dean go, the pout disappearing altogether when he remembers his big photo plans. Back on track and chests covered, they make sure each other’s accessories are straight before fixing the animals, the kitten having knocked her elf hat sideways again by scratching her ear. Pug tried to eat the little cotton ball on the end of his hat only once before they were ready. Using a tripod and the timer on his phone, Dean manages to get the four of them standing in front of their first Christmas tree. Castiel is holding their new kitten and Dean has Pug in the crook of one arm and the magic of technology captures an array of photos of the four of them, their pose going from good to chaotic rather quickly, once the easily distracted animals got tired of being still for thirty seconds. By the end of the photos, the cat is trying to reach for Pug while Dean laughs at Castiel who is trying to free his “wing” that got caught in the branches of their tree.
She answers on the first ring. “Someone better be dying.”
Somehow, Cas gets them to bed and with glasses of water too and he doesn't settle until they're both naked and under their sheets, Cas tucked under Dean's arm, a perfect position for nuzzling. He loves being with Cas like this, so close, so wrapped up together even their breathing syncs up.
He succeeds and tosses his shirt towards the kitchen, Cas’ shirt falling to the floor. Finally, they’re skin to skin and Cas is warm and Dean is flushed and they’re both laughing into each other’s mouths. They kiss a bit and Cas is pulling away, reaching towards the coffee table to grab his phone. Dean blinks because, hello, half naked love of your life here. Cas smirks like he can read Dean’s mind and taps his screen a few times, plunging the room into darkness, the overhead lights turning off.
Fucking Zumba. First time Charlie mentioned him joining her, Dean was a solid nope. That was also the first (and last) time Dean learned that if your best friend is Charlie Bradbury,
Castiel’s barely finished breaking the news when Dean crosses the room and wraps him in a tight hug. He slaps Castiel on the back once before stepping back, shaking his head and just staring at Castiel in awe. “I knew it Cas, I knew they wouldn’t be able to say no. Best news I’ve heard in awhile, man.”
Bobby’s transformed the rest of the space into a comfortable reading area; a deep reading nook under the window, large black pillows against a bluish grey fabric making the space look cozy and inviting, which is exactly what Bobby does by sitting himself in the nook, patting the space beside him for Castiel to follow.
“It's going to be fine, Cas. It's just a family dinner. You've been to dozens of these, nothing's changed.”
“Do you only know good-looking people, Clarence?” she coos at Cas. He nods his head with a mouthful of food, his eyes twinkling. Dean’s used to their banter by now, used to the dark looks Meg shoots him now and then. It doesn’t bother him, considering who Dean gets to go home with.
Something about the nicotine and menthol makes him think about tasting Cas. It’s the only reason he ever smokes.
he's getting the best damn popcorn on the planet. Benefit of Donna living in Chicago.
“Thank you,” he says, his voice rough with misuse. Castiel clears his throat. “He’s been very kind to us.”
We both agreed to go get tested,” he clears his throat. “Full on tested like—blood, not just urine. My appointment is next week.” Dean needs his annual physical, anyway. “When the results come back, I kinda want to make it special, you know?”
“My daughter, Emma. Once she sets her mind on something, it’s impossible to veer her off course.”
Sam claps him on the shoulder and gives it a shake. “Not anymore.”
“So, Castiel, you sweet, beautiful little game maker you, why didn’t you tell us you and Dean were a couple?” Out of all the guys, Jonathan can always be counted on to get right to the point.
Head spinning, Dean doesn’t have time to think about that as he’s yanked out of his seat by a few pairs of hands, people eager to hug and congratulate him. Most of the girls are crying except Donna, who’s beaming so wide that her smile splits her pretty face, and all she chants is:
She refilled her glass. “He fucks up again and they won’t be able to find the body.”
For a moment, Cas was lit up, talking about Kelly and her son. It almost made Dean wonder if there was more between them than Cas is saying. The way he crumbles back into himself by the end almost confirms it.
“Sammy has the books, but I never picked them up. Tell you what, you let me show you Star Wars and I’ll read Harry Potter. Sound good?”
“Yes, I know you dislike oatmeal.” He looks at Dean apologetically. “If Claire wants to make you pancakes, she can.” He pauses, eyes rolling up. “I will text her. No, I don’t want to speak—Hello, Claire.”
Cas is scratching Dean’s scalp and his hand stills. “Ash left?”
Cas is already building the fire when Dean joins him outside, a lounge chair open by the fire pit. Dean settles in it as Cas lights the fire. His hands are quick and sure in their movement, and Dean only looks away from the flames when the light starts to hurt his eyes. Cas smirks at him when he lights a cigarette on the flames, blowing the white smoke into the dark sky.
A tug on his hair breaks Dean from his thoughts as Cas settles between his legs, cross-legged and facing him. He has the half empty bottle of Jack Daniels in his hand and two shot glasses, a sly grin on his face.
“This path will take us up along the falls,” he says, not missing a beat as he pulls Dean down another path that snakes next to the bank of the river. “You can tell me about last night as we climb. I heard you put on quite the show before I arrived.”
He grins at his screen.
Castiel’s eyes are pointing down as Dean talks until Dean leans down, intent to catch Castiel’s eyes. They lift up to listen as Dean continues to talk, his hands raising up to straighten Castiel’s tie and lapels.
“Yes, I think she’d like that. We’re looking forward to it.” They discussed trying out an upcoming farmer’s market shift to start, matter of fact.
Cas has drawn him again, this time Dean is in the living room, pacing, his phone to his ear and a hand on top of his head. He’s laughing, and his face looks like it’s filled with light, and peace.
Turning around in the doorway to their room, Dean braces his arms along the jam to lean towards Castiel, his chest out and frame stretched, the long line of his throat getting Castiel up and off the couch as well, the cat already being squished by Pug, her elf hat crooked again.
Dean makes them all strip down—“No way you’re messing up our new floors!”—pulling towels from the laundry room, while Cas dashes upstairs to get sweatpants and t-shirts for everyone. Dean shoves their clothes in the dryer and heads upstairs, pushing Cas against their bedroom door as he’s trying to slip back down, his arms full of clothes.
He softens. “You’ve had my back our entire lives, Donna. That's why I need you to get your sweet ass out of bed and into the shower. I need my best friend if I'm gonna get married today.”
and he hopes that’s what he heard more than just about anything.
A curl of heat twists in Dean’s belly. He gives Cas a heated smile and squeezes the globes of his ass, making Cas gasp against his mouth. Cas’ eyes darken and fuck being on the street because the way Cas looks at him makes Dean want to find a dark corner and take care of business, actual public indecency be damned. Before he has a chance, Cas is walking fast towards their house and Dean has to jog to keep up.
Dean tips his head back so he can press their foreheads together. “You missed me, Cas?” He tries to say it teasingly, to push back the emotion filling his chest, but the words come out more as a whisper and Dean knows he’s failed to mask his sincerity, like he could ever hide from Cas.
“You okay, Cas?” Dean’s hand slides over his shoulder. Castiel relaxes and nods.
“I’m wearing too many clothes still, Dean,” Cas purrs and Dean can take care of that, that’s an easy one. He hooks his fingers in the waistband of Cas’ white boxers and pulls them down, revealing Cas’ thick cock, hard and leaking against his stomach. Cas gives him a wicked grin and wraps one hand around his wet cock and uses the other to cup his balls, spreading his legs open to show Dean the plug he has inside of him. The black base is nestled between his cheeks; it's so fucking hot and Dean can't stop staring. He thumbs at it, pressing down until Cas cries out and bucks his hips.
Dean’s relieved when Cas walks him to the mound. The crowd is relentless, the music pounding in Dean’s ears as the team takes the field, everyone determined to finish this, and watch Dean chase history. His heart wants out, the way it’s throwing itself around in Dean’s chest, and he keeps his eyes focused on the red clay mound as he goes up and turns to face Cas.
Thank you, thank you, thank you for reading!
It’s the most honest he’s ever been visiting his mom’s grave. He’d never be able to say half this stuff with his dad around, and maybe that’s always been the problem.
“Don’t make promises you can’t keep, Dean.” At that, Cas stands. Dean feels the loss instantly. The weight of everything they aren’t saying to each other feels like a ton of bricks, settling on his chest.
“I don't think you need the vest. Not that you don't look amazing in it, but it's just dinner at the Roadhouse.”
stopping short when he realizes that one: it’s probably bad luck to hum a song by a band whose plane crashed and B: none of his usual comfort songs are helping, anyway. Nothing helps. The turbulence is gonna take them down and Dean’s gonna die in this stupid tin can and it's gonna be all Sam's fault.
Dean's going to kill him.
“I used to dream about you, over there. Sometimes you were sitting next to me, laughing. Once you were crying. Once you kissed me.” Dean kisses him then.
His classroom clears out, the door clicking shut behind the last student. Dean comes around to stand in front of his desk, leaning against it as Novak takes his time packing his bag—not like he fucking took notes or anything.
for putting up with me. I heard you and Gabriel earlier, you know.”
Castiel can barely take a step back before Dean’s hands are on her waist and he's helping her back to her own two feet. “Tessa, hey,” he says, as she steadies herself, her face shining up at him. “How are ya?”
“Hello, Dean,” Castiel murmurs as he returns the hug, his arms slipping around Dean's slim hips. His fingers clench Dean's shirt before both men pull away. They continue to clasp each other's shoulders for a moment while they exchange a heated glance, twin smiles on their faces. Castiel’s eyes flick down to Dean's full lips and get caught there when Dean flicks his pink tongue out to wet them.
God, but those panties. They are the perfect shade of lilac and they compliment Dean perfectly. Anyone can throw on a pair of panties but to see a man like Dean wearing them arouses Castiel in a way that makes him painfully hard in his slacks.
“Nice as this has been, it’s time me and Cas get a move on.” He motions towards the glasses in their hands, their third round? Castiel wasn’t counting, but Jack got up more than once while they talked. “Anyone need a top off?”
Definitely no pressure.
Castiel almost misses the next thing Dean says, so annoyed by the hat.
“Move in with me.”
Oh great, Castiel is marrying a comedian. He has to kiss Dean because otherwise, the overwhelming love threatening to drown him will achieve its goal and the way Dean kisses him back indicates he’s trying to hold on just as much.
“Cas! Let’s go, you’re gonna be late!”
“You could stay, you know,” she replies. Concerns placated, her tone turns nonchalant.
tonight.
“Oh.” Oh. Dean lets his arm slip off Cas’ shoulder. Cas steps to hand over their tickets to the attendant, glancing at Dean as he does. Dean feels colder. “Maybe later? Me n’ Cas are gonna go.”
The concern in Dean’s voice helps make up for the fact that his little friend isn’t here and Castiel nods, not wanting to concern Dean with his social anxieties. “I’m just not good at remembering people’s names.”
His lack of self control catches the attention of some of his students so he coughs in a sorry attempt to cover for himself and Dean’s so fucking grateful when the movie and the class end. He gets himself together enough to call out that weeks homework as his class gathers their stuff, most of them making a quick exit.
in these yellow monstrosities, really?), Dean grinds his teeth together as he climbs into the car, throwing Sam the most well deserved middle finger Dean’s ever given
Between finals and all the year-end parties, the last two weeks of school were a blur. Dean had finished his last class an hour ago and was waiting for Cas to get back to their room. They were going to hit up Benny's Schools Out party, but Cas didn't know Dean wasn't planning on them staying long. He was going to take Cas somewhere quiet. After the stress and rush of the last two weeks, they both needed it.
It feels so good, losing himself to Cas. Dean never wants to let him go.
Cas smiles and thinks for a minute.  “Oh, I remember. I was on a plane that year for Christmas. Many planes, actually.” Dean must look confused because Cas just smiles and continues his story. “See, I spent that year doing a lot of campaigning for Obama’s re-election. After a successful win in November, Gabriel decided I needed a break, so he bought us tickets to visit Greece. We spent a week in Athens and another on a beach in Santorini. I spent all of Christmas day flying. There were far less people than I was expecting and everyone seemed to be in great spirits, considering.”
Dean laughed. “Bring it, baby.” Dean grabbed his phone from the nightstand. “Come on, let’s send him a picture. Might as well give him my number now, right?”
The camera freezes and the frame falters, down and away from Castiel’s face.
daughter and they were both gone, which caused Dean to panic until he found the note.
Dean knows Cas loves him but is hiding their relationship and sneaking around half the fun for him? If they take it away, will Cas lose interest?
“My mother and Rufus were friends. She adopted Blue after he passed away a few years ago.”
drunk, and he’s close enough to be eyeing the cigarette between Donna’s fingers tonight. He’s been feeling way too third wheel-ish for his comfort as Donna flirts and yup, they’re making out so that’s Dean’s cue to head back to his dorm.
” He sighs. “I’ve never had that kind of relationship before. Plus there’s no pressure, you know?”
Dean continues his mantras, his words soaking into Castiel’s skin.
Cas knows how Dean prefers to start his mornings, too.
good about it. I didn’t immediately want to change ten things and I still don’t.”
He can't research anything until well after their excitement dies down, after phone calls are made and after they spend the afternoon with the team, Benny being the first to congratulate them and offer to take them out for a steak dinner.
Castiel dropped his chin to his chest and sighed. “Ugh, you're right. This is fine, I'll just wear something casual.” He whipped the vest off and threw it on his bed. The RHCP shirt he was wearing fell right to his waistline, and his dark jeans hugged his thighs. Dean licked his lips and considered calling Ellen to let her know they couldn't make it.
berth of the makeshift dance floor, just to be on the safe side, especially after Rhonda Hurley passed by the wrestling table with her eyes on Dean, a few too many times for it to have been casual. When they hooked up summer before Junior year, Dean ended up in pink, satin panties so who knows how her tastes have
“Look at you two babies, enjoying the wind in your hair,” he muses. “Thank goodness I put my hair in these fabulous braids so she stays in place. She would not like this wind, no thank you.”
That makes Dean smile wide. “Yeah? Awesome.”
ass Rancho and climbs in, already pulling his jacket off and trying to ignore how terrible this car is that Garth loves so much. Garth, however, perks right up.
Two of Dean’s favorite words in the world.
Dean groans and presses his forehead to Castiel’s stomach. He nuzzles his nose into the warm skin and separates them with a sigh.
It feels incredible, Cas’ mouth clever as he licks and sucks at Dean’s Adam’s apple. Dean’s head falls back with a moan… and a crack when the back hits the wall of the concrete dugout they’re up against.
“He’s the sweetest being on this entire planet and your nephew, so be kind.”
Dean plucks it from his hand and takes his own drag. “Probably not.”
change.” She buries her face in his chest and he kisses the top of her head, Pug snorting in agreement between them. Claire’s arms come around him to hug him back tightly. “I’m sorry if I implied otherwise.”
The whole time he was talking about Emma, Dean wondered about Cas and if he had found someone and made a family. His curiosity gets the better of him and he breaks the comfortable silence they’ve been sharing since they came outside. “Do you have any kids, Cas?”
When Castiel wakes up in the morning, Dean is gone. His chest feels tight until he notices a note stuck to his alarm clock.
“You and Emma are our happy ending too, Dean. You two were what was missing.” Cas wipes at the second of Dean’s tears. “And I never want to lose this, Dean, I want this life with you, forever.”
He could grab a pizza and go home early to surprise Emma, see if she wants to watch the newest season of Dr. Sexy with him. Or he could just go to a bar for a few hours and then go home, tell her he had a great time and then pretend none of it ever happened.
His hair is Cheshire pink and his smile curls like the crafty cat when he notices Castiel watching him and he bounces his eyebrows before he’s back on his bike. He’s halfway down the street, before Castiel can shake himself from the spell the man cast.
“You can take Lisa on the ferris wheel, if you want.”
Until he’s close enough for Castiel to see his eyes and notice that they’re emerald, and somehow, they get
wolf whistle Sam lets out, followed by his cackling laughter.
Castiel nods. “How did you know he could eat that? Most people have no idea what pigs eat, I find. Someone once suggested
Dean’s hand goes up to where his necklace rests against his chest. “We’re close enough that it doesn’t really bother me, because I know Sam will forever be able to bug me about it.”
Claire chose KU’s journalism program and together, Dean and Cas decided that Cas would relocate back to Lawrence. Jack had a vote too and after visiting Dean’s workshop like he’d been promised, he was eager to move.
“There’s one more thing in that box for you, Cas. Take a look.”
The next day, they swam in the gulf and found a place still serving fresh crawfish and stuffed themselves. By the time they were back at their campsite, it was close to dusk. Dean made a new fire and they threw the baseball around, listening to the Astros game on the radio. They tossed around the idea of going back through Houston for a game before realizing the Astros were on the road that week. They promised each other they'd catch a game in the future, their idea evolving into a vow to see every major league stadium together.
Sam rolls his eyes as Charlie tosses him the keys to the Impala. “No judge would convict us, once we present the facts of the case.” He holds open the door to the backseat. “Now get in.”
“Yes, Spielberg just decided to make his main character of a planned trilogy completely obsolete to his own story. Makes perfect sense.” Cas shoves at him with a grin and Dean slides off the couch in slow motion, sprawling on his back between the couch and the coffee table, laughing the whole way down. When he tries to sit up, he realizes how drunk he is and falls back to the floor.
He’s smiling when he brings the food back inside, finding Cas moved to the nest, still naked but now packing a nice sized bowl for them to share before they eat. Dean drops the bags on the kitchen table and strips out of his clothes before he gathers everything they need to eat.
Dean grins. “Yup, one.”
Castiel would give his last dime and the shirt off his back to empty this hotel room right this second.
Cas shakes his head, still astonished. “You’re a good man, Dean Winchester.”
Dean’s abandoned all his pretenses of hiding his tears by the time he’s done reading his mom's words. He can't say anything for a long time as he reads them over and over, going through every line until he almost knows them by heart, his mom, right here with him.
Dean’s pretty sure the answer to that is a solid yes but if he’s gonna say it out loud for the first time, it’s gonna be to Cas and no one else.
“Dean I love it, thank you,” Castiel says in a rush, not wanting Dean to misconstrue his silence for disinterest for even a second.
“Yes. When I called Benny to borrow the cooler, he brought it over fully loaded.”
“That’s it babe, fuck. So fucking good for me, make us come,” Dean groans. “Make us come, babe.”
“I feel great, all the clothes are wonderful, everything has been and I can’t thank you enough.”
She’s full on ranting now, their dishes done. Castiel’s leaning against the counter, arms crossed over his chest as she paces in front of him, her face twisted with scorn.
“You know, I've never seen the ocean?” Castiel interrupts, exhaling the smoke he's been holding in.
—Daphne. Dean always had a thing for Daphne.
When everyone starts for the entrance gates, Dean holds back, grabbing Cas by the belt buckle. Cas slips both hands under Dean's shirt, sliding his hands up Dean's back.
Dean didn’t want Pug to try to eat the trees or drink their water so he set up clear panelled baby guards around both trees which, every given chance, Pug plunks himself down on the other side of, so he can sit and watch the lights twinkle. They seem to enchant him, and he spends hours sitting or laying beside both trees upstairs and down, depending on where Castiel or Dean are at the time.
Now he just needs Emma to be sure.
“Oh yes, students need help with summer classes, too. I was asked by my advisor to take on a few high school students as well, so I'll be plenty busy. Luckily, I can mostly make my own schedule.”
Damn, Dean loves her.
His brother sits up at that. “There’s stuff about—”  Jimmy cuts himself off as Castiel nods. Jimmy levels their gazes, expression unreadable, only the clench of his jaw giving away his distress. “Tell me, then.”
“Then what the hell are we arguing about?”
think about and must look away from, only to take in Cas’s untucked, short sleeved button down, the blue of it making Cas’s eyes flash bright when he sees Dean waiting for him. Cas is wearing brown cargo shorts, which Dean would normally protest but on him, looks good, the way they stretch against his thick thighs. His calves are strong and bare, and Dean’s eyes widen when he gets down to his—oh no.
A woman with bright red, curly hair wearing a long, blood red dress follows behind him. “Aye, come see me in a day or two, I’m preparing a delivery,” she says, the lilt of her Scottish accent music to Castiel’s ears.
“So. You guys are really serious, huh?” She goes to dig her phone out of her back pocket. “Sam owes me twenty bucks.”
“Maybe you could come with this year,” Dean says lightly, like the answer isn’t a big deal. And maybe it isn’t, but it’s still nice to hope.
“Congrats, Dean, seriously. Happy for you guys.” A quick kiss to his cheek and then she’s gone, her approval something Dean never thought he’d like to hear.
Cas takes the break to haul Dean up by the shoulder, desperate for him if the way he’s kissing Dean is any indication. He pushes him down into the soft white sheets, and Dean looks up at Cas, holding himself above Dean and staring down at him with such fondness and want, it makes Dean’s whole body hot. Cas ducks down to kiss him and his hands push at Dean’s shirt, pushing it up and exposing his stomach and chest. Dean arches his back and his shirt rides higher, Cas’ mouth coming down to find Dean’s exposed skin.
“I love you too, Dean. Forever.”
Dean tightens his grip on Cas’s hand.
After his shower with a towel wrapped around his waist, Dean pulls his duffle out of the closet. He opens the zipper and grabs a smaller bag—a smaller black satin bag, to be exact. Dean tugs on the drawstring and the pouch opens, and he takes in the shimmery, soft fabrics in every color imaginable. He dips his hand in, the contrasting fabrics rubbing against his skin, arousal zipping down his spine.
, Dean said he’d see him at six-thirty and it’s that tiny voice that won’t
“Dean took care of all of that, he was here till what? Eleven last night?” Bobby asks, attempting innocence. “Wanted to make sure it was perfect.”
“Do you have any thoughts about your future you’d like to share?”
He can’t tear his eyes away as Novak lets his hand drift further down until he’s dragging his fingers over his own length. It’s driving Dean insane and he audibly gasps when Castiel stops playing and grips his dick in a tight fist.
“This is a document that gives you sole ownership of this building and my half of the business.” Jimmy pulls a pen from inside his suit pocket, clicks it and hands it to Castiel. “I was serious, Castiel.”
Not leaving the motel room, they spent the weekend in bed, wrapped around each other in every way possible. The talks they had were full of confessions and all the words they weren’t saying and in between those incredible discussions, they made love and
Castiel flicks his eyes down to the envelope and sees his name before looking back at his guest with a wry smile. “Thank you,” he replies as he takes the envelope in his hands.
“I still wanted to give our girl Lynda Carter some love,” Cas explains, spreading his thighs to show Dean the incredibly fucking sexy panties he has on. They’re royal blue with white stars and they look incredible on him, riding high on his flexing hip. Dean’s mouth goes dry.
Dean and Cas used to come down here to make out unless the smokers and the kids sneaking sips from bottles covered by brown paper bags occupied the space. Tonight, it sits quiet and empty and the echo of their past feels like a living breathing thing.
He doesn't move.
Dean is delicious.
They only plan to do this once, so they went all out.
Sighing, Castiel closes his eyes. “Today is my birthday,” he confesses, causing Dean to freeze, his lips pressed to the underside of Castiel’s jaw.
“Tell him I said thanks.” She smiles. Cas has enough books to fill a library, and he’s constantly lending them out. “You hungry?” She asks, but she’s already filling a plate for him, setting it down with a fresh cup of coffee.
Castiel kisses Dean back with equal enthusiasm, curling his hands in the folds of Dean’s shirt to pull him closer. Every slide of Dean’s lips sends a shiver of pleasure down Castiel’s spine, a feeling he’s gone so long without.
they fool around in the shower and
Most importantly, Cas is smiling.
“I don’t hate my birthday, I’ve just—”  For some reason, tears well in Castiel’s eyes and he takes a sharp breath to keep them from spilling over. He swallows them back thickly. “It’s never been special to anyone but me and that gets tiring so it’s easier to say it’s not a big deal.” He shrugs again to fight off his vulnerability.
“No and Claire, no. Your mother wants you home because you stayed last night—alone, I might add. Now, please get your things together, we’re going.” His tone leaves little room for argument and Claire seems to know it, the temporary break in formality gone.
By the time he reaches the bedroom he shared with Jimmy, Castiel’s exhausted, aching, and wanting nothing more than a shower and a hot cup of tea. When they moved out before college—Jimmy to Cornell and Castiel to Washington State—they both packed up their belongings on their respective sides of the room, the boxes right where Castiel remembers leaving them. Each one is labeled with the initials of the twin it belongs to, and a short list of contents, per Jimmy’s very specific instructions. Castiel remembers because it was the last,
Dean gave Sam a world of grief when he saw his pair and now here’s Cas, making the stupid, ugly things look
Perfectly at peace, a movement catches his eye and his gaze drifts to the window. The moment before he falls asleep completely, Castiel smiles.
“You ever think about having more kids?”
They brought flower crowns for Dean and Jack too. Jack sets his watch to alert him every hour so he can switch between his crown and his hat and when he’s not wearing it, Dean’s wearing two. His has little yellow and white flowers throughout and ribbons to match his tunic. Jack’s is made of white and dark red flowers with golden ribbons and Dean makes sure to take many pictures of them all for Donna, as requested.
It’s overwhelming, and intense, and fucking
Castiel’s eyes widen as he takes in the new, stainless steel appliances, including a shiny built-in double oven.
“Good boy, Pug,” Castiel coos, feeding his friend a few raisins. Pug is a noisy chewer and his sweet little snuffles give away his enjoyment of his treat, and that makes Castiel happy. A few more berries and Pug’s energy is back, his little tail spinning as he trots away as far as his leash will allow and then back again. The small smile stays on Castiel’s face as they stand to head home.
Dean emphasizes, appalled that it took his boyfriend all this time to push Dean’s hand up his skirt. Of all the things in the world to deprive him of. And on Dean’s favorite night of the year.
“You don’t have to do that,” he mumbles, his cheeks warming. Castiel knew he was foolish to keep this from Dean and now he feels worse.
“The reunion committee reserved a block of rooms at the Marriott down the street, it was on the invitation,” she goes on. “Just in case.”
“They seem to think the same of you,” Cas replies, keeping his gaze steady on the trail. It’s just wide enough for two, and they haven’t encountered any people since their arrival. They’re alone, only the jungle alive around them.
Donna claps her hands and heads back behind the counter. “That drink should be the perfect temperature, give it a shot.”
“Dean does too, now,” Cas mentions as he pulls open the door. “We come here enough.”
“Our happy ending.” Another sweet yawn before Emma’s turning away from him and snuggling down into her blankets, missing the tear that slips down Dean’s cheek, his heart full. He doesn’t bother to wipe it away when he tucks her blanket around her and kisses her temple, flipping her bedside lamp off and plunging the room in darkness.
“Two weeks, Cas. That's it. Piece of cake.” Dean tried to smile encouragingly, but he knew Cas wasn’t buying it. He leaned in to place a kiss on Castiel's pouting lips.
Cas is close enough that his breath tickles Dean’s face when he speaks and it’s warm and smells faintly like beer and something sweet and it makes Dean’s chest ache at the proximity and still how much separates them.
“Hey son, have a seat. There’s a few things we need to discuss.” His Grandpa is all business and Dean takes a seat across from him. Mary gets up and busies herself with fixing him a sandwich, setting it down as his Grandpa gears up for his speech.
“It’s marijuana infused lube,” he grins. “Baz was texting me about it, a friend makes it for her shop and infuses a coconut oil based lube with THC. He said it makes sex fucking phenomenal, darling,” Cas’ impression of Balthazar isn’t bad but Dean doesn’t love that this is what their conversations are about.
“It was some concert in the eighties to benefit like, famine or something? It was a big deal at the time but for twelve-year-old me, it was the first time I saw Freddie Mercury perform and shit man, it changed my life. I swear Cas, he looked so beautiful up there, singing, playing his piano for all those people and sharing his talent. And when he started dancing…” The tips of Dean’s ears are turning pink and he has to clear his throat again. “I was instantly a fan. Saved money and bought any copies of their tapes I came across.” He spreads his hands. “The rest is history.”
” His breath hitches when another button falls open and Dean moves to the next. Dean smirks.
They’re a family, and every single obstacle the universe threw at them before they got here, they handled together, just like every single thing they’ll end up facing. Castiel’s not afraid of the unknown of the future, not like he used to be, not with Dean and Pug by his side.
“You two lovebirds ready?” Fucking Gabriel.
“I know you think he’s always wrong, but sometimes he knows a bad idea when he hears one. It’s a twin thing.”
, but if you insist—”
“Dean, will you tell me what we’re doing now?” He can hear the smile in Cas’s voice and all Dean’s pent up energy and nerves and anxiety ease away, drowned out by the excitement of all the possibilities opening up for them. It escapes out of him in laughter that rings out against the high trees that surround the field.
Cas’s hand’s cover Dean’s stilling his fumbling. “That sounds perfect, Dean. I won’t be able to wear it most of the time, anyway.” No rings on the field, more for their safety than anything else. Dean’s not worried. He’s been thinking about popping the question for a while now, so he’s worked out a lot of the stupid crap they’ll need to do, to go out and get secretly married right under everyone’s noses.
Blinking fast, Castiel can’t help but nod at Dean’s hair. “I like this color very much.”
Bobby barks out a laugh which Dean copies.
“Me too henny, it’s so sexy with all the gold and the leather,” Jonathan tells him, his hands sliding over the supple, off white leather seat.
Part of him is willing to endure Sam’s wrath because he knows Sam won’t hold a grudge: not when it comes to Cas and especially not against Dean. The other part, the part that makes him pumps the breaks every time, is not knowing if it’s what Cas wants too. God, Dean’s no fool but this is different—this is
Dean has no fucking idea what he did to make Gabriel say this shit to Cas, here,
Cas, how can you not love waffles? Cover those babies in some whipped cream and strawberries or oooh blueberries.” A dreamy look has overtaken Dean’s face as he stares into space for a moment, like he’s reliving a particularly good waffle experience and Castiel can’t help but think he’s been eating the wrong breakfast foods all his life.
“Yes, Dean. Of course, yes. I’d be proud to be your husband.” A sob escaped his mouth as Dean slipped the ring on his finger. It was the perfect fit.
“Good night, Rowena,” he says back to her closing door, the lock clicking faintly into place. The light inside goes out a moment later and Castiel takes that as his cue to go in himself.
Cas might roll his eyes, but he's kissing Dean again, stealing his breath and making Dean so glad Cas chose him to love. Not relenting until Dean is flushed and kiss swollen, Cas still takes his time to nip at Dean’s lips before pressing their foreheads together.
Dean gave them both a curious look as he sat at the piano, but Cas just smiled and shook his head. Dean took a deep breath and started playing Aqualung's "Brighter Than Sunshine."
Castiel lifts the drink to his lips and the cool whiskey goes down smooth, scratching one itch Castiel harbors. The warmth settles in his chest like a heavy blanket, the kind you read under on cold winter nights. The kind you make love on top of in front of a fireplace.
They both look back in time to catch Castiel blushing when Dean scuffs his beard covered jaw. Castiel rubs at the place Dean touched and has no trouble at all holding his stare. Only the shouts of a student breaks the look they’re sharing before Castiel is dodging kids to get to the door of the classroom.
Jimmy’s shoulders shake with silent laughter and Castiel smiles; they haven’t really bantered at all lately. He can’t remember the last time, actually.
“Sam wasn’t with him?”
The only response Dean gets is a clattering sound and Sam cursing from far away. After he picks up his phone, Sam is over the moon excited and scrambling to figure out what he needs to do. He promises to get everyone else on the plane, too. Fucking thrilled, Dean leaves Sam to it so he can get his fiancé some coffee.
“Dean! Dean!”
“The bastard gave her a black eye and busted her lip. What kind of coward—”
“Best Halloween Ever, Cas.”
like Lawrence, where they recently opened a Chevron Station with a Dairy Queen inside it. All Dean knows is that a mocha fudge Blizzard ain’t got shit on the platter of food Sam brings back for them.
“Wow. Small world. He hasn't tried to take a chunk out of you yet?”
“Still into that stuff, huh?”
The sun was setting on the horizon and it made the field of bluebonnets glow. Dean pulled the Impala over, almost as if he didn’t have a choice. He glanced over at Cas, asleep in the seat next to him, the sunset making his angel glow as well, and a calm settled over Dean in that moment. He quietly pushed open the door, not too far to make the hinges squeak and slipped over to Cas’ door, pulling it open. He crouched down and shook him awake gently, lacing their hands together.
There’s a smile teasing the corner of Cas’s mouth. “The bridge is safe, I promise. I check it every time I come out here.”
Dean swallowing him down with the twinkling Christmas lights from their tree dancing in his forest green hair gives Castiel a whole new meaning to Christmas, Dean the best gift Castiel has ever been given, one he intends to keep.
“I’d say it’s looking good.” Point to Cas. Dean props the phone between his ear and his shoulder to peel off the flannel he has on over his shirt. When did it get so hot in here?
Dean sighs and grabs Cas’s other hand, making his blue eyes widen. The day is bright, and they’ve been walking so long that it’s been
Well, that's that! We hope you made it this far and if you did, we hope you enjoyed this story and the beautiful art that was created for it! Please please please let me and Kayrosebee know if you loved it!! Thanks for reading and cheers to another year of successful Pining!
The kids had fun and Dean got a kick out of signing autographs and taking selfies with them. Every time he came across another little Batman or even a tiny Joker, he’d act out a little fight with them. The kids seemed to like it and it made Dean laugh. Win-win.
“His haircut is absolutely fabulous, Johnny, you did such a great job,” Tan gushes, happy to give Jonathan credit where it’s due.
Dean’s grinning when he pulls Cas through the opening in the fence that borders left field, the field lit by the full moon sitting high in the sky above them. It’s their only company; the field and the park otherwise deserted during the late hour.
? What is going
Cas holds his hand all the way to the hospital, and Dean only cries once when they set the bone. It’s Cas that wipes away his tears and tries to punch the doctor for hurting his best friend.
She poured them both a shot of Patron and held up her glass. “To the future Mr. and Mr. Winchester!” She paused. “Winchester-Novak? Novak-Winchester?”
The pictures get worse. Worse for the situation in Dean’s pants, anyway. The photos climb higher and higher, over thick thighs Dean loves to mark and up to—fuck, Novak, wearing the tightest red lace panties Dean’s ever seen. The next picture is Castiel’s long fingers pulling the head of his dick out, his thumb pressed into his shiny slit.
Dean loves her for it. He looks inside the bag at the light blue stone and smiles before he tucks it into his bag. “Thanks, Red.” His phone vibrates in his pocket and Dean digs it out. “So, what’s her name? If you say Glinda, so help me—”
“It's fine, Cas. Seriously.” Dean pulled Cas close. “Nothing to be nervous about. If anything, they'll give me a harder time because they love to torture me. Come on, Ellen's making your favorite, fried chicken.”
“I watched you earlier today, with Maura,” Cas confesses into the small space between them. “You and Sam were talking on the porch and she was in your arms and I found myself wondering what it would be like if it were
John Winchester is waiting for them, leaning against the hood of the Impala. His arms are crossed over his chest and his face is grim, and it only hardens more when he glances down at Dean and Cas’s joined hands.
when Cas comes back into the room, sweating through his running clothes and holding two cups of coffee, a white pastry bag between his teeth and a surprised look at Dean half naked and falling over.
Come say hello on
“I knew how much fun you’d have,” Cas grits out with another roll of his hips. Dean sits up to grab the lube from the nightstand, clicking the cap open and pushing Cas’ legs wider, impossibly wide if he’s gonna be such a brat. He drips lube on Cas’ stretched rim and it glistens when he rubs his thumbs against it.
Castiel swallowed and jumped off the bed, excitement etched across his face.
Castiel laughs with delight as he watches Dean try to solve the mystery.
Dean’s body vibrates in anticipation, his pleasure cresting when Cas wraps thick fingers around his cock, stroking lightly in a tease. Cas’ hand leaves his hair and rustles under him to grab the lube stashed there from the night before. Cas holds the bottle and Dean opens it, gasping as cold liquid drips between them, Cas’ hand sliding wet over their cocks.
printed on the card above the name of a local hotel bar, just two blocks away from Castiel’s office. A keycard is taped to the back. Castiel turns the card in his hands for a moment before tucking it into the inner pocket of his suit jacket.
“Oh, that sounds terrible.”
Smartass. “Very cute. Do you want to sneak into the bathroom between innings?”
Castiel started his first book, a biography about Winston Churchill that had him living in London for a year and as usual, timing was everything and Dean's band toured Europe for the first time.
“You walk fast,” Dean huffs, straightening and shaking his head. He beams and takes a deep breath. “I forgot to see if you were free Friday night.”
Dean offers him the pie tin with a smirk and Cas returns it as he scoops more left over filling onto his fingers before spreading it over Dean's belly, only to drop down and lick Dean clean with his clever tongue.
They got their keys and officially “moved in” two weeks ago. Tonight was the deadline they’d given the kids to get their shit unpacked because tomorrow, their new house was going to host its first of what Dean hopes is many future family parties. Dean’s proud of their brood for finishing without either of them needing to give any of the kids a push.
Castiel gives her a gentle smile before he plunges his hands into the hot, soapy water, grabbing the first plate he can to wash.
Cas gasps and his head whips between Dean and the swing, an almost childlike gleam in his eyes. He walks over and runs his hands over the soft wood, stained to match the porch. Cas gives the swing a little push and delights in the way it swings back and forth.
“Waffles,” Charlie whines, snapping Dean out of his reverie. She’s tucking her phone back in her pocket and his is vibrating with a text from her.
Jack surprises him by shaking his head. “That’s okay, we’ve already discussed our plan and reviewed all my questions.” They did do that. A few times. “If I have any more, we can go over them at breakfast.”
“It's Blue.”
Pug has been anxiously waiting for them to open the interesting box the whole time so when Dean removes the lid, his wiggles intensify and his small whimpers turn into full on squeals when he spies the kitten peeking over the edge of the box. He looks at the cat, then at Dean, then at Castiel and back again, like he just can’t believe what he’s seeing.
He turns his attention back to Dean. “I want you to think about this very seriously Dean, we’re talking about the future of this family. You may not think this is fair now, but I know how important family is to you. Sometimes we have to be willing to make sacrifices.”
Castiel opens a drawer to take out a spoon and answers as he closes it with a snap. “Dean told me.”
Jonathan just replies with a roll of his eyes. In the video, Castiel moves on to the closet, pulling his perfect suit out and admiring it before the video cuts to him, in the suit, and addressing the camera.
“We’re riding with you,” Jonathan announces. “We’ve got lots to talk about.”
“Go to Disneyland?” A gorgeous, gravelly voice answers for him and then Cas is getting hugged by Donna, while Jo takes over and hugs Dean tight.
“Whoa, hey, what? What are you saying?” Dean turns over in Castiel’s embrace and he’s still scowling but now he appears wary. “You wanna go
“I mean, yeah,” Dean mumbles, embarrassed but eager to accept the kisses Castiel leaves him with. Castiel’s lucky, Dean makes him feel like the luckiest man in the world, getting to be the one Dean loves.
The returned growl does the rest of the work. “I am not smoldering at you.”
Predictably, they don’t get far without being stopped by someone who wants to say hello to Dean which means Dean introducing them to Castiel. He finds he doesn’t mind the intrusions at all because during each one, Dean
Dean gets to the part about their impromptu sleepover and Sam coughs like food is stuck in his throat. He sips his beer to clear it and Dean barrels on. He has no idea how long he talks but his food is gone, save a few lingering fries and Dean leans back and gives his stomach a rub. He glances around at the wood paneling and thinks he’d like to take Cas here to try these burgers.
Castiel watches Dean’s strong hands affix the pin to his coat and when he lets the lapel go, Castiel bites back a gasp to see the rainbow pin from Ash’s table, now next to his Charlotte’s Web pin.
This dumb plane is the worst of them too, the smallest, a puddle jumper they called it, something to get him from San Jose to the airport in Limon. Sam said there was no way he was driving all that way to pick him up. Something about the crappy roads. Dean almost made him come anyway when he saw the size of the plane, but he gritted his teeth and climbed aboard and now—he has regrets. He doesn't want to die in something this tiny.
Well, I hope you enjoyed their story! I appreciate you for taking the time to read and I hope, more than anything, that you loved this verse as much as I did! If so, please leave a comment and come see me over on Tumblr or Twitter. <3
“Just tonight?” Cas’ eyes sparkled when he looked at Dean.
Too busy thinking about what flavor of pie Ellen might make tonight is enough to confuse the hell out of Dean when Cas stops dead in his tracks, a pained noise leaving his mouth.
Prompt: Jeans
Dean wakes rested. He doesn’t know how, on a night when it seemed like it took hours to fall asleep, going over and over his performance.
He felt his face heat up and he shrugged. “I’m happy, Char. I still can’t believe he’s here and—” Dean shook his head, feeling himself get choked up. “This is dumb, I’m sorry, ignore me.”
Jo chugged the rest of her whiskey and looked at Dean. “So, you’re really going to do this then? You’re sure?”
“Today, we’re taking my girl out. Tomorrow, your girl gets an oil change… But you’re helping.” Usually Cas spends the hour objectifying Dean while he’s under the hood, but he wants to check Baby’s engine too, so Cas is gonna have to pull his weight. He spent most of the time Dean was away fixing her up, and Cas is super proud of his car, which means Dean is super proud of him… and absolutely turned on because he gets to marry a car guy who never knew he was a car guy until recently.
All his twin has to do is open his arm and Castiel is there, leaning into their hug and letting himself get wrapped in it. A calm spreads through him, a feeling he didn’t know he was without until he had it back.
Sharp hipbones buck into Dean and he focuses again on the gorgeous man under him. Castiel surges up to take Dean’s lips, and he moans, filthy into his mouth.
Dean took a bite, the chocolate and peanut butter melting with the marshmallow, the crunch of the Graham cracker topping it off. He moaned his appreciation.
Jonathan bursts out laughing. “
“Dean.”
Before they eat, Dean puts on a cassette filled with Christmas music (The one and only Christmas song sung by Queen, “Thank God It’s Christmas” the first song of course) and a familiar warmth fills Castiel, a feeling long forgotten after being alone for so long. He used to love Christmas, it was his favorite holiday growing up and each year he didn't celebrate took him further and further away from the joy he used to find in the season.
Jesus, did Charlie tell Sam everything? Dean pinches the bridge of his nose. “Not much to tell. We met when I was getting my coffee and he gave me his number.”
Dean settles Castiel on the couch, leaning down so Castiel can whisper, “beer, please,” in his ear before Dean is pulling back, his lips brushing Castiel’s ear as he goes. A shiver runs down Castiel’s back as he watches Dean walk to the kitchenette. It's hard to tear his eyes away as Dean pops the bottle caps with the bottle opener, tossing them into the trash as he laughs at something Dorothy is saying. He wags his finger at her as he smiles and shakes his head. Dean leaves to return to the couch and Castiel has to watch those leather wrapped bow legs saunter towards him.
Dean opens his eyes and the first thing he sees is the honey bee inside Cas’ wrist, Cas’ arm tucked under his neck. Dean presses a kiss to the ink and appreciates his nickname even more.
Cas’ grin is so wide as he shakes his head no, it stretches across his whole face and Dean starts to kiss him as the first fireworks shoot up into the summer sky. The cheer that goes up around the yard makes Mary jerk between them but she settles almost immediately in the warmth between her two uncles, rubbing her cheek against Cas’ chest contentedly.
Karamo exclaims, the door hardly closed behind him. They left the room to a rush of ribbing at the way Castiel left Dean, mouth hanging wide open in shock and Karamo can’t blame him at all. “I am
Castiel hums in agreement. It’s stupid to be jealous of a car.
“My Dad’s dropping her off tomorrow morning.” Dean has no reason to hide any details. Cas is one hundred percent involved in this, if it concerns his dad visiting where they live. “Bobby doesn't expect trouble, and he'll give us the all clear.”
He's cute. He’s rambling. Castiel’s cute and rambling and standing in front of Dean again after twenty-five frickin’ years and Dean can’t even believe it.
listening while the brothers argue over the phone. First it was about location; should Sam and Sarah come into the city or did Dean and Cas want to come down to campus? Then it was what kind of food; Sam wanted seafood and Dean wanted pizza—no, burgers—wait, pizza; he was right the first time.
The key to Dean’s car.
“Love you, Cas. Forever.”
“Nope.”
“I love you.” Castiel steps close enough now to lace their hands together, his newly found bravado making him bold. “And I’ve been waiting a long,
When they all sit down for dinner at sunset, it’s at one long table, Claire and Emma in charge of the decorations. It looks like Pinterest threw up all over it. But in a good way. Everyone is devouring Dean’s special burgers, along with crispy, golden fried chicken courtesy of Donna. Dean grilled fresh, summer vegetables including bright yellow cobs of corn, and a scoop of honey-sweet baked beans is on every plate except Jack’s. He’s not a fan so Dean cooked him an extra corn on the cob instead.
“Yeah, how long’s it been, brother?” Benny jokes.
“Dean.” Cas cuts off Dean’s rambling, thank
Castiel groaned as a hot, wet heat closed around his cock.
Cas pulls away with an embarrassed laugh. “Bet you’re regretting that whole boyfriend thing now.”
Dean can’t watch him anymore, he’s too much. He stumbles up the steps, but manages not to spill his own coffee clenched in his fist. “Tell me about it while we walk?”
She startled, not expecting that reaction. “Yes…” She was hesitant with her answer.
“No,” Cas exclaims, picking up Dean’s hand again now that they’re inside and walking down the hall. “Did she at least bail you out?”
“Christmas 2012. That was the year Ash came back.”
The camera cuts back to Castiel leaving the house in his suit to meet Dean where he’s waiting, door to his Impala open, one arm propped there as he watches Castiel approach him. They all watch Dean scurry around to Castiel’s side to open the door for him and more hollars fill the air at Dean’s smooth move.
“Can we go back inside and have another beer?”
and not then.
Their hands find each other over Pug’s sleeping body, their pig deeply asleep, worn out from his new big brother duties and warm and safe where he belongs. Kit has other plans as she wiggles free from Castiel’s hands so she can climb up Dean’s chest to settle into the opposite crook of his neck, the one Castiel isn’t settling his head back into. Smart kitten, it’s one of the best spots in the house.
“We used to do that all the time.” Cas used to slip him pieces of paper between periods with a classroom number and time to meet him and they’d have hot make-out sessions while hoping they didn’t get caught. Dean preferred janitors closets (they lock) but Cas always hated the smell.
Dean could stare at this all fucking day, tied to Cas, and listening to the noises Dean’s fucking out of him. Fuck practice, fuck Cut Day, fuck all their responsibilities— the only thing that matters is Cas. Dean needs to taste him though, and he cups Cas’s face with his hand, Cas’s stubble rubbing rough against his palm as Dean guides their mouths together for a kiss that burns his lips, Cas’s moans beginning to border on desperate. Dean wants to give Cas everything, wants to make him feel incredible, and taking Cas’s cock in hand, Dean finds him hot and wet and fucking throbbing while Dean strokes with quick tugs, his thumb sweeping over Cas’s dripping tip every few jerks, just like he knows his fiancé loves.
“I do.”
Cas’ body is… incredible. He works out for sure because he’s thick all over, just
This sets Dean off on a barrage of stories about food which Castiel finds fascinating. He can’t recall many meals so good he can recount the experience of eating them, but Dean seems to be a natural storyteller, having the ability to make even a story about pie interesting.
It makes Claire giggle as she takes Pug from Castiel so he can clean up. “See, he says he had a great time and that he loves his Auntie Claire.” Pug snorts into her palm in approval.
Dean pushes Pug to the couch and stands, talking to Castiel over his shoulder as he heads to their room. “Well, I don’t mind showin’ off my soon to be husband because he is hot as
“Yes, thank you,
Castiel smiles. “I was finishing up when my invitation was delivered,” Castiel replies before he pulls Dean back in for a kiss. “We'll have to celebrate, Milton Hotels had our best year yet.”
He held up his glass. “I’d really appreciate your blessing. I don’t think I can do this without it.” He dug into his pocket and put the black leather box in front of them. Jo choked on her drink. Sam slapped her on the back. Dean sipped his whiskey, staring at them with amusement.
Castiel’s twin insisted on formality and the green tie Dean wore to dinner is loose and hanging half open, the cartoon dogs wearing Santa hats printed on it making Castiel smile just like they did all night. It looked like Jimmy wanted to comment when he saw it, but Castiel appreciated his brother’s attempt at civility when he didn’t.
Karamo leans back and gives the car an appreciative once over. “Yes, Castiel, this baby is made for a powerful man,” he exclaims with a silly grin and a clap of his hands.
He was on the fence, until he was holding an honest to god job offer in his hand from the school, offering an employment contract for a year (with the guarantee of more if things worked out),
“I have a ring,” Cas confesses around sweet slips of laughter. “It’s in my sock drawer.” Before Dean can stop him, he’s rolling out of bed and crossing the room, shooting Dean a grin over his shoulder before he pulls his top drawer open to take out a black ring box.
He wraps an arm around Cas. “Aw, Meg, you sweet on me?”
They're almost to the end of the ride when Cas speaks.
Dean remembers his phone, abandoned next to his plate after Dean had to swoon over his best friend. He picks it up to see a message from Cas.
The weight of the Samulet against his chest is so familiar, and combined with his happiness about getting his little brother back, the moment is getting soft. Shaking Sam’s hand off with a wry grin, Dean holds one hand up to stop Sam in his tracks. “Dude, no chick-flick moments.”
With a wet huff, Castiel nuzzles into Dean’s palm, his heart full to bursting with Dean’s love. “You do that for me every day, why does this day have to be different?”
The world could stand more people like him.
It pains him to tear his eyes away from those kohl rimmed baby blues dark in the low light, Cas’ gaze cocky and burning through Dean’s soul. Cas licks his plump lips and Dean’s eyes flick down on their own, drawn to Cas’ mouth. His gaze drifts down and he chokes a little to see Cas wearing the goddamn corset, the chest plated gold and his delicious collar bones exposed, his strong shoulders bare. His waist is trim and tight and Dean wants to unwrap him right in the middle of the studio.
“We’re here,” he announces, catching Dean at his staring when he looks over, now that they’re parked. “It’s about an hour’s hike to the falls.”
The kids are being noisy, all of them huddled together. They grouped about five big blankets together and then dog piled on them and now they were a pack of glowing faces, all lit up by their cell phones while they still manage to talk and laugh together. Music plays from their blanket and the innocence of it all makes Dean smile, makes him envious for days like that, too.
Living their lives is what matters.
And Dean did his best with what he had. It wasn't perfect, and maybe he wasn't strong enough to keep all of Sam's demons away, but just like everything else, they got through that too and now it's another new beginning.
Waking up with Cas in his arms has quickly risen to the top of Dean’s Favorite Things. This morning, Cas’ face is buried in the curve of Dean’s neck, warm puffs of air against his skin; Cas’ soft curls sticking up in tufts and tickling Dean’s cheek.
Another thing that reminds him is Sam.
“You two getting together and dishing about me while you do each other’s nails or what?”
“Where are we going?”
“Saw you lookin’ at this one and I figured it might look good with these…” Dean takes a small step back, giving them both a modicum of space to breathe and Castiel has to stop himself from stepping forward and closing it again. “Looks like I was right.”
He's still not sure what Ellen and Bobby might want, though.
Come say hi on
He was taking his first class a week later. And he fucking liked it. But Dean’s not an idiot, he negotiated his continued attendance with the promise that Charlie never,
His sweet girl. Leaving her alone was a simple choice, Emma being far beyond her years, maturity wise—way more mature than he was at her age. Dean didn't even remember to tell her to do her homework before he left, too in his head about the reunion. And now she wants to let him off the hook.
The phone rings in his hand and a picture of Sam comes on the screen, his long hair in two pigtails sticking straight up. He’s flipping off the camera and scowling. The last time Sam came up to see Dean, they got stupid drunk and subsequently, did some hair styling and picture taking. Since Sam usually lets Dean do whatever he wants, the pictures never got deleted.
the guy.” Karamo raises an eyebrow at Castiel who’s face, instead of looking terrified at the thought, breaks into a wide, gummy smile.
He puts his phone on the table and shrugs out of his jacket after he stuffs his loot back into the pocket. Dean doesn’t want to interrupt his conversation, but he already misses Cas, all the way across the room, but once Cas notices that Dean’s off his phone, he starts making those murmuring noises every parent makes when they’re trying to encourage their teenager to wrap their story up.
Grabbing the bag containing their cakes, he begins to pull them out when Jimmy makes a surprised noise as he opens his office door.
Leaning back, Donna bounces her eyebrows at him. “Okay Romeo, you ready to play the field?”
“I didn’t know that last one, but he was already on to the next question anyway.” She raises an eyebrow at him when he turns back and his blush probably isn’t as faded as he hoped. Claire settles on one of the barstools, Castiel on the other.
“You're family, Cas. You always will be.” Dean nudged him with his elbow and Castiel nodded with a grin.
how to do this,” Antoni knocks their shoulders together and they get down to business. By the time Antoni’s done showing Castiel how to mix the ingredients and roll the dough flat, he’s all smiles and
Dean perks up, looking away from Pug. “Yeah, veggie option! Couldn’t have her missin’ out on the fun, just in case she stayed over.”
Cas shifted towards Dean. “That's great Dean, but what about
(See the end of the chapter for
Dean can’t help but laugh at the two of them as Mary tries to give Cas some very sticky kisses. Mary
“Well, we’re always happy to welcome a new face and it seems like Dean’s taking a liking to ya so, welcome to the village, Castiel.” Ellen toasts him and he nods.
happy about their discovery. Or that he got robbed of kissing Cas and had to deal with his dumbass little brother instead.
Dean is unamused. “Really?”
Cas makes a desperate noise in this throat so Dean kisses it. “How many laws are we breaking right now?” he asks.
“Ah, see, that’s my boy,” Dean grins as Sam pulls his phone out. “Tell Jess I said hey. You comin’ over to the room?”
“I—I was in a bit of shock, I think I scared Dean,” Castiel admits. “Plus I didn’t know how you’d react. Every time I see you, it’s a disagreement or
Gabriel’s eyes are narrowed at them.
Dean always knows when Cas is watching him—it’s like a tickle, a tingle, and Dean’s eyes have no trouble finding Cas’s like he’s always done, the steady blue gaze the beacon Dean needs.
It wasn't until he heard Castiel snoring softly that he closed his eyes and let himself relax. Dean didn't know when he fell asleep, but the early morning cries of a bird out by the lake woke him, and he gently shook Castiel awake.
Cas’ eyes flutter shut. “One week.” He licks his lips. “He stole our entire summer, too?”
Castiel snaps as many photos as he can from as many angles as Pug will allow before he’s back to walking back and forth from one end of the tub to the other, occasionally sucking at the water before spitting it back out, probably once he tastes the baby soap, silly piglet.
Dean just threw a perfect game, the highest achievement a pitcher can earn, and all he wants to do is kiss his husband and suddenly, nothing else matters—not the rest of the team rushing them, not the meltdown of the crowd and the way the stadium rumbles. He doesn't think about what it might mean to their careers or even the game itself because none of that matters, it's not even on his mind when Cas crashes into him, crushing Dean into the tightest hug he's ever been in, wrapping them up in their own world.
Both their heads come up simultaneously and they look at each other, both startled by the interruption, matching shocked gazes that shift into amusement, both of them doubling over in laughter at the absurdity.
John catches him as Dean’s shoving the tray back into the freezer, and he looks suspiciously at the dish towel full of ice on the edge of the kitchen table.
“They all know.”
“It was hot all day and then cold at night. It was impossible to ever feel comfortable because we had to wear this desert uniform and between that and all the gear. You can’t even imagine how it feels to be uncomfortable for three years.”
Their visit could not have gone any better.
Dean really only wants to know one thing about where they’re going. “How long until they're asking me to drink the kool-aid?” All the research he did cleared up his misconceptions, but Dean still has to give Sam shit for it.
“How the fu—”
Until he realizes with growing horror that he is most definitely
Jimmy hums, reaching over to grab his tumbler. He swallows what’s left with a grimace. “I can’t believe they were twins.”
“I think you can,” Cas leans up to nip at Dean’s lips, his cock still in his hand and rubbing against Dean’s ass. “I think if I tell you how happy you’d make me, you’d do it for me.”
He gives Castiel’s shoulders one more squeeze before he lets go. “Ready?”
None of it means anything if his confession makes him lose Dean.
“See what?” Sam sticking his head in the cabana interrupts the groans of irritation being thrown at them.
“Dean, get up, it snowed last night.” Castiel peers out and can estimate at least three inches, judging by how high it’s piled on the cars parked below.
Dean’s hand had worked it’s way around Castiel’s wrist but now he lets go and sits back. He pauses before answering.
Two days later, Cas jumps off the roof of his garage. On the sixth jump, he breaks his leg too.
The rainforest is magnificent. Dean can’t think of a bigger, grander word to describe the lush green foliage, some with leaves as big as Dean’s head and very poisonous, according to Cas. He’s very matter of fact about which plants to touch and which to avoid, and Dean can’t get enough; enough information, enough facts and tidbits, enough of Cas pronouncing Latin names for things. He calls it their
Strike one.
“Charles Hermione Bradbury, do you have something to tell me?”
It’s better than Dean could have imagined.
“Take me upstairs, Dean,” Cas whines into his mouth when they finally part. The windows of the Impala are damp and foggy. Both of them are breathing hard and pressed against each other, their shirts damp and rucked up thanks to their wandering hands. Dean rolls Cas’ nipple between his fingers and Cas moans.
It was a wonderful day and after Castiel closed the store, they spent the evening sitting on the porch with Rowena and handing out candy while people from around the village stopped by to show off their costumes and visit with them.
Castiel doesn’t go up right away; he finishes his drinks first. The elevator ride feels long, the floors slipping by in his ascent; he straightens his tie for the hundredth time and reminds himself to relax.
“Well, look what the cat dragged in,” Bobby drawls, closing his magazine with a flick of his wrist. “Where ya been boy?”
It’s almost tender when the guy's hand slips from Dean’s hair to cup his cheek, before he’s swiping a thumb over Dean’s lips. Dean can't help it when he leans into the touch.
The two of them catch Jonathan’s eye as he fluffs one giggling girl’s hair. He nudges Karamo, whose gaze follows his before looking back at Jonathan with a knowing glint in his eye.
“It’s to protect us,” Sam had whispered, before he made Dean put it on.
Like the self-preservationist he is, Dean doesn’t open his eyes until the plane lands safely, and even then, he won’t relax until he’s standing on actual solid ground again.
Waterfalls?
He stills his hips. Dean’s trying not to laugh.
“Cas, sweetheart, slow down. I—” Dean gasped against Castiel's shoulder, heat pooling in his gut as Cas gripped him tighter. “Mmm… baby, look at me.” Dean leaned back to look into Cas’ eyes, dark with desire. “Are you… have you ever?” Dean swallowed thickly.
The smile that Cas’ face melts into is just about one of the sweetest Dean’s ever seen.
The first time Dean suggested they escape for a while was when he surprised Castiel by whisking him away to a cabin in Whistler, Canada. They spent their days skiing and exploring on the snowmobiles Dean rented. They spent their nights cooking elaborate meals together and drinking expensive bottles of wine before getting wrapped around each other in front of the fire. Castiel will never forget the sound of the flames crackling and popping mixed with Dean’s groans when Castiel would sink into him. Whenever Castiel can make Dean’s eyes roll in the back of his head as he loses himself in Castiel’s touch, it makes Castiel feel like he’s flying.
Dean scoots over as Cas sits on the bed next to him, his back to Dean as he lights a cigarette.
Dean’s frown disappears and he grins, understanding on his face. “That’s not gonna be a problem.”
The alcohol has ignited his blood, and Cas creates the spark that sets them both on fire, insistent as he strips Dean bare the moment the door locks behind them, and they don't even make it up the stairs before Dean’s pants are around his ankles and Cas's face is buried in his ass. Dean doesn’t even mind the rug burn that follows when Cas fucks him right there on the carpeted stairs.
“Evening, Uncle Bobby.” Dean dips his head in greeting, tipping an imaginary hat at him.
with one so Dean can appreciate it, and he loves that it’s his favorite blue one too. Matches Cas’s eyes. Dean’s jacket compliments it too, and so what if they’re kinda matching, they’re allowed on their wedding day.
Castiel cups Dean's cheek and wipes the tear away with the pad of his thumb, Dean's eyes sparkling behind unshed tears. "I know it's stupid, but I'd rather not be here when you read."
.・。.・゜✭・.・✫・゜・。.
Music Credit:
“I’d like to know these so-called facts, Sasquatch,” Dean grumbles as he climbs into his own backseat. He forgets how roomy it is and thinks about how Cas might look laid out under him back here.
Castiel chooses to ignore that and he takes a bite of his salad, the fresh broccoli crisp and flavorful, the dressing and added cashews a perfect complement to each other. He takes another bite to savor all the flavors as he chews thoughtfully. He casts his eyes at her, wondering what she sees that he doesn’t, especially considering their time together. Is it possible Castiel misconstrued the situation that badly? Or did he just talk himself out of the possibility?
He decides the tiny hand thing isn’t worth mentioning. “It can be our little secret, long as she doesn’t pick it out for movie night.”
“No Gabriel, I won't have you disparage my husband. He’s a good man, the best I know.”
Surprised Jimmy remembered, Castiel raises his eyebrows. “Tea would be nice, thank you.”
When Cas hobbles into Dean’s living room on crutches, a mischievous grin on his face, Dean lights up at the sight.
“I’ll be seeing you, Dean,” he says with one last parting slide of his lips.
Check.
Claire responds by throwing her arms around her dad’s neck to hug him tightly and Castiel’s never been prouder of his twin. Before he leaves, Jimmy stops him with an apology for the last time they fought, for the things he said. Castiel apologizes for the subterfuge and his lost temper and they part with a promise to both do better. Jimmy’s going to call him in the next few days, after he’s gone through all the documents. Castiel vows to share any information Sam gives them as soon as he has it.
when I say—”
He holds Pug up, distracting him from watching the direction Dean went and chocolate eyes blink at him, Pug’s nose twitching. “I think it could be very easy to fall in love with him.” Pug snorts in what Castiel can only take as agreement. “You should be very careful,” Castiel whispers to him, with one last look down the street before he lets himself inside with a sigh.
Sam glares. “How long have I wanted to come here?” he demands.
John Winchester is a shell of the man he once was. It’s obvious he’s come from work, the cheap suit he’s wearing hanging on his body, his beard and hair mussed, his eyes tired and red rimmed. His hatred is so obvious, he wears it better than the suit, but for the first time, Dean considers that maybe the only person his dad hates is himself.
Dean returns the greeting with a tight nod before leaning down to queue up the presentation for today's lecture.
Another thing he never thought possible.
Castiel shuffles out of his room and to the kitchen, only to find another post-it stuck to the coffee pot.
“Are you sure? I thought you’d want our family there.” He kisses Dean again, soft this time. “Ellen might kill us, you know.”
Cas reassures Dean his costume is already at Charlie’s and then he rims Dean half to death, making him forget everything, including his own name.
Dean makes a thoughtful noise. “You have a dog.”
Dean hefted the picnic basket off the table; it was almost as big as he was. Mary watched her 7 year old son, with his Batman backpack strapped to his back, make his way out the door and across the street, looking both ways before he crossed. Before he got to the front door, their neighbor and Dean's best friend since the two boys could walk, jumped off the porch and ran to Dean who was putting the picnic basket down so he could give Castiel a hug. Castiel hugged back and leaned back to place a kiss on each of Dean's cheeks. Mary smiled at their usual greeting, watching as Cas pulled Dean's backpack off his shoulders, shoving a book inside before he slung it around onto his own back.
Castiel twists his fingers in the silk on Dean’s hips and receives a heated glare from Dean. He’d never destroy something as delicate as the silk Dean is wrapped in, especially since he hasn’t gotten Dean to make a mess of them yet.
Seeing all of his people in one place, Castiel knows there’s nowhere else he belongs.
It puts his own size in perspective.
shit, you know and it was so
“What’s wrong then? Are you burning a hole in your living room floor?” Now Dean can hear the smug look on his brother’s face.
Cas furrows his brow. “Dean, that's hardly on our way even a little, a detour like that would delay us—”
but all Dean can do is nod. Adrenaline he wasn’t expecting floods through him, and he feels like Cas sounds. The only thing Dean can think to do is reach across the bench seat and yank Cas to him, Cas’s arms going around him just as fast as Dean’s, both of them needing to hold the other more than anything in that moment.
Dean's never been able to keep up with him.
Castiel raises an eyebrow. “A dance party?”
The scouts showed up as soon as the team started practice their Senior Year. Dean and Cas were both eligible for the draft by then, but neither of them wanted to talk to anyone right away, and together they planned to wait until the season started. Before that happened though, Sonny approached them to introduce them to a friend of his, Missouri Mosley.
“He does not,” Castiel grumbles.
“Maybe, if the results are back by then.” Dean says. “You don’t think that’s weird?”
Sam shoots him murderous glares as they sit and Dean responds with a furrowed brow of his own. Cas orders bottomless mimosas—peach today—and a few plates to give them a taste of everything. He makes sure to order the quinoa bowl for Sam, oblivious to the two brother’s growing tensions.
“I believe my schedule just opened up.” Cas is trying hard to sound casual but Dean can hear the suggestiveness in his voice.
And they're both smiling. Approving.
The boys jump up and down as silently as they can muster (because who doesn’t love Harry Potter?), not wanting to disrupt the class behind the door and ruin the surprise.
“Dean, this is Inias. Inias, this is my boyfriend, Dean.”
Castiel settles into his seat to enjoy the show.
When he’s laying in bed later, staring at his ceiling and enjoying the sound of the city and Pug’s quiet snores from his pillow bed in the corner, Castiel can’t help but be grateful, despite his disagreement with his brother. It feels good to be back, it feels
Dean goes straight for the showers and his mind has shifted to food before a nap when he opens his locker, only for a folded note to fall out.
Dean is surprised and Mary looks nervous. She always said they would stay in their house but it seems like her father has finally worn her down.
They’re back at Dean’s and he invites her up for coffee but she declines, pointing at the Lyft sitting at the curb.
Castiel startled. He wasn't expecting anyone to ask him questions and he wasn't ready with an answer. Aaron seemed to take his silence for confusion.
“And?! What’s going on, why are you guys talking about that book and Uncle Chuck? You have to tell me if it’s family related,” she demands and Castiel hides his smile. She really is the fiercest one of them all.
Crowley doesn’t need to know there weren’t any other buyers, aside from a small wholesaler in Newark that Castiel had reached out to, just in case. He uses the extra money to overstock, putting everything in the one remaining storage space Castiel never got rid of, except now, he can pay people to make the trip to the Bronx for anything he needs. He’s already considering hiring another employee, if business does well.
“Benny is a good bartender. He knows what I need.”
“Right.” Dean turns in his seat to face him, his shoes forgotten. “How the hell do you live on this planet Earth and not know what a minion is?”
“Okay, tell them what you just told me.”
At least he got that last, good hookup under his belt, knowing he’ll need something to think back on during the very long drought he’s about to have, thanks to the season. Dean’s lamenting over his soon to be suffering libido as they get split up to work with some of the catchers.
Besides, if Cas is gonna look hot, Dean wants to look good next to him.
“I was kinda hoping you would.” Dean slid the tray between them and Cas picked up a mug to take a sip. Dean took a deep breath, swallowing down his nerves. He picked up the newspaper to reveal the ring box. “I really want to wake up next to you, for the rest of our lives.”
Pug, however, isn’t pleased with being wet. With every step, he shakes the water from the grass off with a flick of his hoof and a grunt of disapproval, his tiny pink nose the only thing sticking out of the too big hoodie as he roots around in the grass. It’s amusing, but it also means dirty little feet so Castiel supposes a bath is in Pug’s very near future, which just brings him back to thinking about when he’ll see Dean again.
Cas takes his time answering. Dean waits.
“I’m talking like, a real juicy scandal—dick pics, maybe or ooh! A sex tape.” He wiggles his eyebrows.
the perfect moment, things might have been different. But it didn't work that way for us, Cas.”
Castiel Novak’s name is flashing on his screen over a picture Dean took of him last year in Fiji. Cas is sitting on the dock of their bungalow, his head thrown back in laughter at some dumb joke Dean made. He’s shirtless and his skin is golden, his hair wild from the wind and Dean’s hands, his smile wide and gummy. Cas’ eyes are bluer than the ocean behind him and he looks radiant. The picture always makes Dean smile.
In a daze, Castiel shuts the door again and presses the tips of his fingers to his puffy lips, still tingling from Dean’s kisses. “Goodnight, Dean,” he whispers into the emptiness, completely wonder struck.
“I’m just saying, those Nazi bastards would have found the ark of the covenant with or without him.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Benny speaks for them. “Dean, brotha, you okay? Got us worried about that ball in the dirt.”
Cas’ words make it hard to breathe, the knot that’s been pressing against his throat really trying to make a break for it. Pressing his face into Cas’ neck helps push it back down, helps him get it together enough to find his voice again, Cas just stroking his hair while he waits.
“You are,” Jonathan teases, his eyes shining. “Ok, you’re gonna make me so proud so go on over there to your room so Tanny can take care of you.” He gives Castiel a little spin towards his bedroom door. “I’m going to get the Babies together so you can give us our little fashion show so go on, get ready to work it.”
An alarm is set to make early morning phone calls and their bags are already packed and waiting by the front door. Cas said he wouldn't be able to sleep without doing it so putting aside clothes to drive in, everything else gets packed away and they slip between their sheets, naked, exhausted, but really fucking excited.
He rocks to his knees and pulls the plug from Cas’ ass nice and slow, letting him enjoy the drag like Dean knows he loves. Cas is the mouthiest bottom and Dean fuckin’ loves it. He tosses the plug on the bed as he slips two fingers inside Cas before his hole flutters shut. He slicks up his own cock and presses his head to Cas’ entrance, pushing past the ring of muscle and making Cas cry out his name.
Oh crap, Cas thought to himself. He's talking about cars. I don't know anything about cars. Just nod. Just nod.
"Hey Charlie," Jo smiled softly at her girlfriend, placing the glass she was cleaning in the sink and leaning over to peck the ginger on her cheek. "How was your day?"
He didn't realize there was someone behind him before it was too late.
"Hi, Abbadon," Dean responded, then, turning, he finished, "Bye, Abbadon." He wanted to continue walking, but even as he tromped ahead he could feel Abbadon's cold presence behind him. "What do you want?" He sighed, twisting back around to glare at the girl.
"I was drunk," Lucifer clarified, obviously trying to present a calm and innocent face.
Principal Mort sat behind his desk, a piece of pizza on a paper plate next to the pile of papers he was sorting through. In his hand was a second slice, which he was chewing slowly. When Dean entered the room huffily, Mort's eyes darted up to the boy, swallowing his bite of the food. "Dean, would you like some pizza?" He gestured to the box siting behind him.
The most likely possibility was that Cas was overreacting. The two had only just met, and it wasn't like they were going to be an inseparable duo. He had just hoped that, for just a few days longer, he would be able to pretend that he and Dean Winchester could be friends.
During the school day, Dean dropped him off at Ellen's house, but she could barely handle the dog for eight hours on top of running her restaurant. The good thing was she didn't technically charge for the dog-sitting, but she did make them pick up extra shifts on the weekends. Dean's cousin Jo loved it-it meant she didn't have to work as much, and could spend more time with her secret girlfriend, Charlie.
At the door waited Tessa, one of Principal Mort's favorite students. Whenever there were new kids, she showed them around Hunter High and made sure they settled in adequately. When Dean had first arrived, he had gotten on her bad side rather quickly, so they generally ignored each other unless unavoidable.
Hopefully in December I'll be better about updates (I'll put it on my Christmas wish list).
Then a piercing ring sounded through the house. "I'll get that," Cas offered quietly.
By the way, this is my first Supernatural story. Yay!
Jo whipped around to face Dean, eyes brightening with her smile. Though the look was slightly maniacal, at least she had terminated her glare. Just like her mother, the hard look in her eyes could set anyone crying. "How about throwing a Christmas party?"
Adam was a stray dog that Dean had almost run over a few months previous. Sam had insisted they take care of the puppy themselves-despite how low they were on money. Their dad did send them checks every few months for food and other basic needs, but that didn't mean they were rich. Even with their jobs at their Aunt Ellen's diner, Sam and Dean struggled to get by. Still, Sam had mastered the art of puppy dog eyes long ago, and Dean had lost his argument. So now they had a dog named Adam.
"I told you not to do that," Castiel complained, annoyed. "And I'm only a year younger." In response, Gabe repeated the gesture, this time successfully.
By the way, I'm up to episode 17 of season 10 (I just finished the one with the nuns) since it was just put on Netflix. I might be incorporating some of those characters in soon ;).
"So I'm telling you to get Clarence and his caravan to have their asses over at my house tomorrow night. A 'Welcome to Town' study group of sorts." One side of her mouth edged up in a smug smile as she returned to resting against the pickets. "And why not bring that little brother of yours along with you too. Ruby'll want to say hi."
Sam shrugged, then sat up straight as he spotted his brother. "Dean! We're going to leave now, right?" Dean held up one finger-one minute. Which obviously meant they wouldn't be getting home any time soon.
"Hello, bo-" Crowley began, but Abbadon cut him off with a satisfied smirk.
"Uh, Heaven," Castiel mumbled, feeling his cheeks burn as Dean laughed at him.
"Hey, Blue Eyes. Finally up? Your siblings said you should stay the night here since you were asleep again before I drove them home." Dean, wearing a self-satisfied smirk that Cas had quickly grown accustomed to. But, dang, it was attractive, even through Cas's exhaustion blurred eyes.
"I want you to break his heart," Abbadon whispered playfully in his ears, giving him a deceivingly innocent smile as she leaned away. While she strutted away, all swagger and poison words, Dean could feel the bike riding in his throat.
"Take good care of Blu-Castiel, okay? He got beat pretty bad last night, you know." Dean almost blushed as he spoke–it wasn't as if he had watched Cas in his sleep, but it had still been weird to have a new kid at his house after only a few days of knowing each other. Without another word, so as to not embarrass himself further, Dean untangled him arm from around Cas, hoping he didn't fall, and briskly strolled the heck out of that place.
Dean grimaced slightly. "It's Abbadon's fault–long story. Maybe Meg too."
With an exasperated exhalation, Cas held his hand out for the keys. For a few moments he waited, allowing Gabe to root around in his pockets-they were always cluttered with candy-before dropping the key ring in his hand. "Mikey said there's a diner right around the corner. If it costs more than twenty bucks, you're paying for the rest, bro." He shot Cas a smirk.
P.S. Egads this story is going slow-I'm so sorry XD. Hopefully, it'll pick up some soon.
"It doesn't sound like it was fine," Dean pointed out, cranking up the volume of the radio as his favorite song came out. Sam winced slightly as Dean turned it at least five notches higher.
"We need to check you for a concussion after I get you home. And I'm taking you home right now." Dean insisted, sliding his arm underneath Cas's shoulders to offer support. Cas offered no argument, as he was already fading off.
"Hey, Castiel." It took him a moment to register the not particularly special features of the girl, and then match the face with a name.
"So, Cassie, finally got yourself a boyfriend?" Gabe teased, leaning over the back of the couch to get in Castiel's face. Absentmindedly, Cas swatted his brother with a sigh.
"Just ten more minutes," Dean responded, hanging up and setting the phone on the table next to the bandages. "How are you doing, Blue Eyes?" He asked, tugging a length of the cloth from the roll and ripping it with his teeth.
By the way, John won't be perfect in this fic, but he won't be completely awful. He won't come in until later though.
"So, Clarence, did Deano tell you about my party?" Cas nodded ever so slightly as she smirked, pressing against him further. He felt very, very awkward. Was Meg trying to flirt with him? Or were his rusty "people skills" just interpreting her wrong?
Castiel,
Cas hesitated, drawing his knees to his chest with a wince. "He's, uh, pretty busy working. We had to move here because of his job, but we barely even see him. It's mostly Lucifer and Michael who take care of us. When they aren't arguing, at least. My family is a bit weird."
"Why aren't you drinking?" Dean continued. "You're one of the few sober people here."
"Don't let him getcha down, tiny bro," Gabe snickered, reaching to ruffle Castiel's dark hair. Cas to ducked his head out of Gabe's reach with a small scowl.
"You look sort of out of it," the girl explained as he whirled around to face her. She was pretty, Cas guessed, but nothing about her was particularly striking. Her features were just...bland. He tried very hard not to compare them to Dean's sculpted face. (if had-which he totally hadn't, for the record-he would've been forced to admit that Dean had this girl beat). "I'm April. Are you new?"
He loves the snow. Castiel’s been waiting for the snow fall, Washington usually starting around Thanksgiving and never lasting long enough, the gentle flakes turned to rain by February. He’ll get an extra month out of New York but in return, the snow starts much later.
interested than usual. His eyes pause on the bedside table Cas uses; Cas’ glasses and his pipe sit next to a half drank glass of water from the night before.
- Illenium, Kerli
“You’re amazing, they must be as well.” Cas kisses him, hot and tight against his lips. “And not to brag, but parents love me.”
Dean cracks up. “Like that, sweetheart? My turn.” He opens a card. “Sometimes I wonder how you put up with me… then I remember I put up with you too.” Dean snorts. “Ain’t that the truth.”
Cas’ hand threading through his hair pulls Dean back to the moment so he can drag his eyes away from Cas’, even though he doesn’t really want to. He focuses instead on Cas’ thighs and covering them with kisses before he moves, pushing Cas’ skirt up to enjoy his star spangled panties and what’s under them.
Dean grabbed his ass, grinning. “Gotta keep my man fed.”
For a second, Dean puts himself in his dad’s shoes, imagining what he might do if he lost his perfect life, his perfect family. Except… things were far from perfect in their house. Dean’s old enough to remember all the nights his parents fought, all the times his dad didn’t come home, and even some of the times Mary didn’t let him and Dean’s not too stupid to know that it was his dad’s pride that made him lie after she was gone. He lied so good about their perfect marriage he fell for it himself, and convinced himself that he had lost everything, even though he barely had it in the end.
“Please Dean, you look adorable.”
“Truth or dare, Cas?”
They spent the next couple of hours shopping, first at Target, and then Castiel insisted they go to Barnes & Noble where he picked up a Harry Potter poster and Dean a Star Wars print.
Next time. Dean planned to spend the night with Castiel the whole time. He can feel the relief and he doesn’t think it’s just because the cows are okay.
Unfortunately for Dean, he has a very pushy best friend and an even pushier brother who won’t let him ignore the rest of the world. Only a few weeks go by before Dean’s ambushed.
“Yeah?” Dean’s eyes light up. “I thought so too.”
Dean looked over to the bar to find Cas’ gaze locked on him.
Sam doesn't know.
“Hey, Cas,” Dean watched a jumble of emotions cross Castiel’s face, until finally settling on a hesitant smile. “Is it ok if I call you that?” Dean dropped his duffle and his guitar case on the floor and settled himself cross-legged on his bed, facing Castiel.
“Sorry for the interruption, class,” Jo says as she pushes the door open. Thirteen pairs of children’s eyes turn towards the door, all curious at the arrival of their principal in the middle of their morning.
Damn.
Dean’s lips are swollen and slick and he pulls at his hair, his eyes screwed shut. He’s lost in pleasure Castiel gave him and he’s a fucking gift.
“If you'd let it get thicker—”
“You guys are really hot right now, Dean. We need to take advantage of that momentum and run with it. Don’t you want to get back into the studio?”
“About twenty minutes from here. Bobby and Ellen own a bar, The Roadhouse. Ever heard of it?”
“It’s weird when you two do twin stuff,” Claire announces, before she spears a piece of each flavor on her fork and eats them both in one bite.
Dean talks to Bobby for some time while Castiel chooses their next movie, Dean already having shown him
Dean smiles when he comes out to see Cas has already unwrapped his gifted toothbrush and put toothpaste on it for him. Cas scoots over so Dean can slide in beside him and they both begin to brush. They can’t stop grinning and staring at each other in the mirror, Cas breaking first and spitting his foam out into the sink with a laugh. Dean follows and fills his mouth up with water, tilting his head back to gargle and still not taking his eyes off Cas. He bounces his eyebrows while he’s doing it to make Cas laugh again.
“Tell those idjits to get in here, Ellen needs those potatoes!”
“I’m sorry, Dean.” Cas shifts himself a fraction closer to Dean. “From what you’ve told me about her, you’ve raised a wonderful, young woman.” Dean thinks his heart is going to beat out of his chest when Cas threads their fingers together. “It’s truly her loss to have missed out on seeing you be a father.”
“Sunrise is in forty minutes. We’ll start driving, after?”
and he clutches at him, fumbles with the remaining buttons and doesn’t hesitate to push the damn shirt off Cas’ shoulders once Dean’s got it open. He doesn’t want to miss anything, he doesn’t want to lose this again and he takes his stupid youthful thoughts and puts them behind kisses, kisses to Cas’ cheeks and his mouth and his shoulders and his throat, all while Cas pushes at his flannel and his hips, the flannel falling to the floor moments before the back of Dean’s legs hit the bed.
It was Jessica Moore who convinced Sam to move to Costa Rica, after they met while working together in Uganda or Australia or somewhere Dean can't remember, considering how often Greenpeace used to move Sam around. She was the water conservation queen, based on the way Sam used to talk about her. Dean even figured one of Sam's random calls home would be to tell him they'd gotten married, but Dean guesses he was really off the mark with that one.
“Most people wouldn’t think it wise to be standing where the lightning strikes,” Cas says, his voice dropping into an even more impossible growl. “Because yes, it’s been known to happen, on occasion. I’ve never seen it myself, but I’ve heard it’s quite the magical experience.” Blue eyes dart down to Dean’s mouth, and he realizes Cas isn’t talking about weather patterns anymore.
“Holy crap.” A pregnant snake. Dean’s been here five frickin’ minutes and he’s already seen a wild cow and a pregnant snake.
“Guys, this is Cas.” Cas reaches his hand out. “Cas, this is my little brother, Sam.”
“It’s rude, Uncle. He totally led you on.”
“You just said you don’t want to go and yet, you asked me? That’s the very definition of a pity invite, Dean.” Cas rolls his eyes.
“You look so gorgeous in those Cas, fuck—don’t stop.” Dean bites down on Cas’ collarbones.
“Maybe,” Dean shoots back, glancing behind Cas and shutting up. The ump is almost there to collect him, not that the crowd noise would give away any of their flirty back and forth.
Their graduation was to blame, when they kept that family only, and despite the invitations Cas sent, the only one in his family to show up was Gabriel. Cas tried to pretend he wasn’t disappointed, but Dean knew better.
Dean starts with his shoulders; broad, strong from years of wrenching parts from rusty engine blocks and lifting heavy shit (which is probably why his fucking back hurts all the time). They’re ruddy, thanks to the last two days spent in a tank top under the July sun, mowing and weeding and building patio furniture for the party. He’s
“Yes, sorry—hello, my name is Castiel James Novak, I am thirty-six, and am recently unemployed.” Castiel’s stoic as he addresses the camera.
Dean has his preferences but really, he just loves food. “Sounds great, Cas. I’ll text you my address?”
Stretching his arms up, Castiel lets himself enjoy this feeling and it stays with him as he gets up, as he showers and brushes his teeth and dresses in simple jeans and a loose, grey henley. He’s smiling, even when he peeks outside and sees that it’s been raining. Big, grey clouds cover the sky and the sidewalk is wet, but even the poor weather can’t dampen his spirits as Castiel leaves his room.
They can hear the door shut and they exchange one last quick kiss before Sam and Charlie join them. Dean steps forward and puts a hand on Cas’ hip.
“Cool name but I think I’ll just call you Cas. That ok?”
“Why won't you let this go?” Cas is getting impatient and Dean prays he doesn't start throwing punches. Cas can get super hot and wild like that sometimes.
Kissing her hair, Castiel lets her go and shakes his head. “I need to see your dad. Please don’t worry, everything will be fine. And before you tell me that’s
Loud teenage squeals break the silence and get Dean out of the trunk and he turns to see Emma and Claire hugging and laughing through their reunion. It’s amazing, Dean had no idea they’d gotten so close. Jack’s wearing a sweet smile and he looks great in his wizard cloak and long robes in deep maroon and yellow. He’s wearing a pointy hat and he high fives Dean when he reaches the car.
.” Castiel rolls his sleeve again, satisfied at the cuff sitting mid forearm. “I’m happy to meet Dean at the party.”
Dean's walking around the mound when a lineup change is announced, the Yankees choosing their last out to put in their strongest hitter, a clear Hail Mary, and they all know it. Even so, Cas is on his feet and walking towards Dean to check in. They're ready for this, they're always ready for pinch hitters, this one especially, so he's not sure why Cas is coming to visit. He looks cute approaching, anyway. Dean squints at him and holds a hand out for the ball. “You good?”
The video changes again, this time to Dean and Cas sitting together in a large attic room in two old recliners pointed towards a flat screen, a sagging couch pressed against the back wall. A foosball table is at one end of the room and beyond it, a small sunroom full of plants. Dean’s laughing at something on the TV and Cas is smiling wide as he stares at him.
“I’m sorry I didn’t try harder, daddy, at dinner? I could have. Maybe if I did, you and Cas wouldn’t be fighting now and—”
Castiel supposes that means this was a date, after all.
Especially when he puts down his coffee and takes Castiel’s hand from across the table, before picking up his sandwich to take his long awaited first bite with a sharp groan of delight and a squeeze of Castiel’s hand.
But this isn't about him.
The morning is spent fixing the last-minute things that always need to be fixed and making sure all the other arrangements are in place. It’s just the three of them as the clock ticks down to noon, which is when they plan to open for the day. Pug hasn’t exactly loved all the construction and the way he’s been forbidden from helping, but he has enjoyed all the attention that’s been lavished on him by people stopping by the office to pet him. It’s where Castiel had to keep him, so he could at least
the only ones that can save the world, like I’m expected to believe they can travel around the country
He presents the hummus to Cas who smiles wide and digs a cracker out of the box to try it. If the lemon flavored kisses he gets are any indication, Cas likes it.
But when they were kids, they’d take off in the Impala (his dad’s license long gone thanks to his love of Johnny Walker) and drive out of town until they’d find a cornfield to fool around in or just sit on a blanket for hours under the moonlight and talk, confess every bad thought and terrible thing that befell them in their short lives already. With Cas, Dean could confess how much he hated when his dad referred to him as the dumb one and how it made him resent Sam sometimes. Cas was the only one who could hear Dean say things like that and not judge him, not think he’s some sorry piece of shit for hating his own little brother because school came easier to him and Dean had to bust his ass to get even a passing grade.
