“I just don’t get it, Dad,” he whimpered out.  “I miss him so much.  But he still won’t come back.”
big!” Tony exclaimed, widening his hands out and causing Nathaniel to giggle.
Rhodey nodded.  “You’re going to be dealing with him a lot from now on.  Might as well get used to it.”
“You can’t really without bringing Clint back.”  Her words were spoken softly but still cut through Tony like ice.
Tony sighed and shook his head.  “And the news?”
“I can’t, Pete, I can’t.  Not yet.  Not with the Accords and not with Buck in the place he’s at.”
The tags slammed against the far wall and fell in a crumple behind the bed.
He nodded and moved towards the back of the house.  “Thanks, Laura!”  At the back door, he could hear Clint playing with Nathaniel, who was babbling loudly.  He opened the back door with a creak, alerting the man of his presence.
The boy nodded, getting up to set his finished plate in the sink.  “I’m, uh, going to call him then.”
Tony starred at those ambassadors, smirking at the reluctant nod from Secretary Ross.  “Sweet.  Now if you don’t mind, ladies and gents, my son is about to get off from school and I’d like to be home to make him dinner.” He stood and headed for the door.  “I’m assuming Ross will have us meeting again in no time, so I’ll see you then.”
“Happy birthday, Pete.”
“Yeah, it’s me,” she replied.
Instead, he kissed the top of his son’s head before pulling back.  “That’s okay, Pete.  Why don’t you go get comfortable on the couch and throw on a show?  I’m making hot cocoa.”
Tony sunk to the dirt floor, sitting against the wheel of the tractor.  It felt like he couldn’t catch his breath.
He leaned back against the chair behind him.  He knew how terrible he looked.  The feel of his ribs around the arc reactor, of his collarbones and his cheekbones jutting out with malnutrition, wasn’t a pleasant one.   He rubbed a hand over his filled in beard.
His brown eyes lit up.  “Thanks, Dad,” he called out as he ran towards the kitchen.
Tony was shaking his head, staring at Peter’s young face, ignoring the tears in his eyes.  “Oh God, no, Pete, not you, not you, I love you, okay?  You’re going to be okay.”
The UN had asked him to hold a press conference where he could make his statement pertaining to the Accords and to the rogue Avengers.  Once his statement was made, it would be likely that the press and public would lose interest in the Accords, which would allow for the political discussions to really start between Tony and the World Council.  The only issue was that he wasn’t physically able to hold the press conference until today.  Dr. Cho had given him a clean bill of health a few days ago, declaring his lungs and ribs fully healed.  He didn’t want the world to see the damage Steve, no, Captain America, had caused on his husband and fellow superhero.
Tony had shot a pointed look at Clint, who rolled his eyes and joined the argument that it was “a useful skill too, Peter.  Do you know how many times my bow and arrow has saved your dumb dad’s life?”
Tony had gotten Pepper, Rhodey, and Happy free for the entire evening to celebrate with Peter and his friends.  MJ and Ned had planned the whole day for Pete, including a huge brunch, followed by hours at the local arcade and then the Smithsonian, before crashing back at the Tower for a big dinner, cake, presents, and movies. Even Peter’s Aunt May, his only surviving relative, was able to get the evening off from her work to join the big family for the festivities.
“Language!”
“Hi?”
Tony glared and turned back to the tractor.  It looked like the brake pads needed replacing.
He gripped the edge of one of the plates, finding the button he had put to dismantle the armor in case he was trapped, like in that cave, in that wormhole to the void of space, under Steve’s shield, always trapped, always need a contingency, always—
“I don’t think so,” Maw growled, waving a hand towards Tony who had to jump out of the metal’s way.
“No, not really.  It just—it just feels really weird without him here.”
“Yes! Exactly like in Footloose!” Quill agreed excitedly.  “Is it still the greatest movie of all time?”
“Shit!” Peter yelled, dancing out of the way.
“And Pops?” Peter whispered.  Tony heard the small crack in his voice, the knowledge to guess what had happened but hoping to God it wasn’t true.
, Pete, so don’t try to deny it.”  Tony paused, biting his lip.  This was never going to be easy.  “Do you need to talk to someone?”
“Coming!” a girl shouted, followed by the pounding of multiple feet.  The door flung open to reveal a teenage girl and a pre-teen boy.
“It’s not…It’s nothing.”
Tony took the box, giving a look when he felt the weight of it.  He opened it and grinned at what he saw.
He set it down next to the dog tags on the bureau and walked out of the room, shutting the door and leaning heavily against the wall across from it.  “FRIDAY, lock that door.  Only allow me and Pete entry with our override codes verbally spoken.”
“Join ‘em!” Peter held out a bag of fries as a peace offering.
He told her all about the Avengers, about Rhodey, about Pepper, about Steve and their life together before the fight, about Peter and how proud he was of him.
The rest of the evening was filled with lighthearted talks of Peter’s and Lila’s antics in high school and what clubs they were a part of.  Lila was adamant that archery was a better use of time while Peter kept arguing that robotics was “way cooler, oh my god, how can you think an old timey hunting skill would be better than building robots, Lila.”
“Peter?!” Tony yelled, holding off a fist.  “Why the hell aren’t you in school right now, young man?”
The Avengers had gone to the Coney Island amusement park to celebrate Peter’s 2nd Adoptiversary, letting Peter lead them wherever he wanted to go.   For Christmas that year, Natasha had given Tony the framed picture and Tony had only teared up a little when he went to hang it up in his and Steve’s room.
The oxygen system on board was dependent on the water reclaimer system.  Both could only function if the ship had electricity.  After the power went out, they would be surviving on what reserves of air and water the ship had.  After rerouting all the power they could spare to the oxygen system, Tony decided to start filling up any container they could find with water.  The rules of survival in space: 3 minutes without oxygen and you’re dead; 3 days without water and you’re dead; 3 weeks without food and you’re dead.  They would be fine for a week once the ship ran out of fuel, but after that it would be a stretch.
“Understandable!” Rhodey responded.  “You have to understand, since you’re the first one back, the UN will want to hold a trial concerning your predicament.  I’m going to have to bring you in to our holding compound in DC.”
“Uh, what exactly is it that they do?” Peter asked, staring at the two.
Tony nodded, running a hand over his eyes. “Okay.  Did you eat?  Do you have any homework due tomorrow?”
He took it immediately.
“You never got a chance to tell me what led to this.” Pepper whispered, gently stroking his hand with her thumb.
” he cried out.  He rubbed a hand over his arc reactor, feeling the weight of every mistake he ever made crushing down on him.  “I just wanted to bring the team back so we could work through the Accords.  Try to fix them…together.”
“He loves you too,” she stated, tapping his cheek before following after Happy.  “Get some sleep tonight, Tony.”
Tony had set up his busted Iron Man helmet in front of him.  Half the thing had been shorn off in the fight, but it was still functioning.  He tapped it, allowing a blue light to shine over him.
The teen nodded in response and bit his lip in hesitance.  “Can we make Pop’s stew?”
Strange opened his mouth to quip back, but Maw had already clenched his hand to shoot out a beam towards Tony and Peter.
By 8 o’clock, they had all piled on the couch and chairs around the huge TV with cake and ice cream.  Peter had requested only classic sci-fi films, with the Matrix being the first.
He sighed as he poured the liquid from the glass down the sink.  No use breaking the promise he made now.  Instead, he filled up a small pot with milk and placed it on the stovetop.
The man stared blankly at the paper.  “I know,” he whispered, almost robotically.  He took a seat at the desk and waited for the colonel to sigh and give him some privacy.  As soon as Rhodey was back doing his physical therapy, Tony tore open the envelope.
, as his clenched fingers crumpled the paper.  He squeezed his eyes shut against the burn.  Tony Stark was not a crier and he wasn’t going to start now.  He sucked in a harsh breath and turned over the box, watching an archaic phone tumble out.  He flipped it open, frowning at the screen that listed a name and number he would never call.
“Hey Cap…Steve.  If you find this recording, don’t post it on social media.  It’s gonna be a real tear-jerker.  I don’t know if you’re ever going to see these.  I don’t even know if you’re…” he stuttered into silence, sucking in a breath to pull himself together.  “After Peter, I don’t think I could handle losing anyone else.  Even though I already lost you.” He glanced out the window beside him.  “Today is day 21, uh, 22.
“Will do.”  Tony ended the call, letting the phone fall to the ground and curling in on himself despite the stabbing pain in his chest.  Definitely broken ribs.  He coughed, despite the pain, feeling wetness splatter on his lips and hand.  He finally looked, grimacing at the blood coating his hand.  The gold metal on his ring finger glinted under the red.
He felt a light tap on his knee.  Nathaniel was holding out a small stuffed horse and looking at him expectantly.  “Who is this?” he asked, grabbing the animal.
Afterwards, they tried different things to redirect all fuel to the engines. Redirecting auxiliary power and doing some interesting things to the bombs Rocket had hid on board allowed them a little wiggle room.  That still only left them with enough fuel to get them within the general neighborhood of the Solar System.  They would be dead in the water after that.
The cow started munching on the grass.
The main mediator had slammed his fist against his table, gathering everyone’s attention.  “All in favor of Scott Lang being put on house arrest for two years, with parole following, after he signs the Accords and signs a contract stating he will never be in contact with Dr. Hank Pym or the Ant-Man suit again, raise your hands.”
it.  Tony was
Peter looked stricken, mouth gaping, eyes wide and shining with tears.  His mouth moved silently, the only sound being a slight whine coming from him.
“Is it…?”
“Yeah, course Dad!  Ned’s been dying to see the new suit we’ve been working on, this is awesome.”
“I wouldn’t mind that.  Can I have a cup of cocoa?”
“Go sit on the couch and I’ll grab us drinks.  Hold him,” she stated, dropping the toddler into his arms and walking into the kitchen.
Tony was encompassed in a new StarkPhone design when Peter walked in, presenting the greasy brown bags in his hand like a fisherman showing off his biggest catch.  “Package acquired!”
Another time had been when Peter was turning 11.  Tony had been lassoed into an emergency Stark Industries meeting concerning the Battle of New York.  Since the company was handling a large portion of reconstructing New York, Tony was obligated to go.  He hadn’t gotten home until after dark.  He had found Steve holding Peter on the couch, both fast asleep.  Peter had tried to stay up until Tony got home, so they could all celebrate together, but had drifted off sometime after dinner.
She glanced up at him with her deep black eyes.  “It’s something that will kill the infection from the source.”
“Good.  Shall I send the information to T’Challa?  To pass to the rest?”
The man looked down at his arms full of clothes.  “Sorry, Pete.  You shouldn’t have to watch this.”
Pepper waited for Rhodes to be done before wrapping Tony in a hug herself. “Get some sleep tonight, okay?”
Tony bit his lip and let it go.  Pepper always wanted him to be more open.  He knew Clint never wanted to pick up the role of Hawkeye again.  It was likely he would never use the information against him.  But that didn’t offer any comfort.
“He left us!” Peter cried out, slamming the note next to the phone.  “He doesn’t have the right to call me his son anymore.”
Pepper stroked her fingers through his hair, holding him as he continued.  “People can still break the hearts of the ones they love.”
Clint stopped and turned to look at him, empathy shining in his eyes.  “Tony…”
“I don’t know.  She never said.”  He stared at the walls and grimaced.  “Hopefully not long.  I hate hospitals.”
“Merry Chrisis!” Tony laughed, heading for the door.
” Peter sobbed out, chest heaving with the force of them.
Peter hung up and resisted the urge to chuck the phone across the room.  Instead, he slammed it into the drawer of his desk and stomped out into the hallway. He found Tony in the kitchen, scratching his head at a recipe on the counter.
“Got it!” Peter called out, swinging over to try to web up Maw.  He was greeted by a flying billboard hitting him in the face.  “Not cool, Squidward!” he yelled out, grinning at Tony’s burst of laughter.
“Can I at least wait till Aunt Pepper comes?  So you’re not alone?”
“You and I both know very well that
If Steve had been here, if the fight had never happened, this would have been one of the best days of Tony’s life.
She gave a sad smile.  “It’s really not all that different from one.”
Tony stared out the window of the room, eyes filled with anger, pain, betrayal,
“Happy Fourth, Dad,” Peter whispered back.
“No, Dad—“
Peter turned to hug Tony.  “Thanks, Dad.  Today was amazing.”
Tony gave a nod, eyes warm with the knowledge that he was doing the right thing for once.
Tony gritted his teeth, turning to look at Strange.  “Why would you do that?”
Peter gave a weak smile in return and headed to his room, where the phone was still lying on his bedside table. He picked it up, taking a few calming breaths before dialing the one number listed.
MJ and Ned had just rounded the corner as Tony was about to lay into Peter.  He pulled back, dropping his pointed finger before waving his spatula at the table.  “Sit down, breakfast is almost ready.”
“Ouch!” Tony yelled, slapping his hand on his neck.  “You gotta work on your bedside manner.”  He received a glare in return.
“Got it,” Tony replied.  He knew what the video was.  Peter had laughed about it for hours after coming home from his first detention. Tony couldn’t even be angry at the kid for getting detention in the first place.  He had ordered FRIDAY to pull up the video Peter was talking about and they had proceeded to make fun of Steve for the rest of the week about it.  Steve had tried to be stern and lecture Peter, but it was too similar to the video for him to be taken seriously.  Tony had lectured Pete later, after finding out it was related to him skipping class to be Spider-Man, which Steve didn’t know about yet, and Peter had promised to keep his detentions to a minimum.
“Ooh, your robotics?  Getting all high and mighty there, kid.”
Tony stepped out of the suit and put it in sentry mode before answering.  “Where is he?”
Tony repeated, accelerating faster.  “ETA?”
“That’s okay.  I need to be getting home to Peter, anyway.  If he tries to cook by himself he’ll burn down the entire Tower,” he laughed.  “Thank you, though. I really appreciate the offer.”
Tony sighed and rubbed his forehead.  “Yeah.  Attach the amended Accords too. See if it persuades any of them to come back and sign.”
Peter limped over, collapsing next to him in the dirt.  “Dad?!” his hands flew to Tony’s wound.  “Dad, are you okay?”
Laura sat down heavily in the chair across from them and set two Cokes on the table.  “You really know how to woo a gal.”
Rhodey sighed, rubbing his hand up and down Tony’s back.  “You have nothing to be sorry for, Tones.  You did all you could.”   He pulled back and glanced at the food the three were eat, sighing in exasperation.  “Really guys? Couldn’t get anything healthier?” He turned to glare at Tony.  “You are healing, you know.  You should be giving your body protein and vegetables.”
“Of course, May.  He’s your nephew and he loves you.”
“You’re in Missouri, on my farm, in the barn.  Peter’s inside playing with the kids.  Laura’s making dinner.”
“Me too.”
“With this decision, Steve left behind both me, his husband, and our son.  At the moment, you can consider Steve and I separated and our son in my full custody.  Our son is a minor so I ask that you give him privacy; if I find out that he’s been hounded by anyone, there will be lawsuits.”  The audience laughed a little.  “This situation has been extremely hard on us, but that will not stop my son from living his life to the fullest and it will not stop me from being Iron Man.  I refuse to let my personal issues get in the way of making this world a better place to live for everyone.  That is the very reason why Iron Man was created, and why I will be working closely with the United Nations on the Accords.
Tony grimaced, at war in his head over what was more important, protecting Peter for what little time it took for Thanos to come to Earth or saving the world and trying to protect Peter while he was doing it.  It wasn’t too hard of a decision to make.
Tony rolled his eyes at the snide comments the teens kept making with Rhodey joining in.  Theories were discussed left and right.  Pillows were thrown at the TV multiple times to Pepper’s dismay.  At one point, the teens had paused the movie to get into a long discussion of whether or not the Matrix was actually possible.  Everyone had joined in with his or her own opinion and Tony, Rhodey, and the teens were all shouting over each other when Pepper slammed down a soda can.
He knew that would be the first to go, but it was still a hit to the gut.  It didn’t seem likely that anyone was coming for them.
“Pops saw one too?” Peter asked quietly.
Tony focused on Peter, standing on the side in silence.  Peter shoved his shoulders back and puffed out his chest.  “You know I can help you take him, Dad.”
“Ah!  Please hold!”
“Pete, you gotta let go!  I’m going to catch you.”
Rhodey slapped his arm, giving him a look before turning back to Scott.  “I think what he means to say is welcome back.”
“Steve, why’d you let me sleep so—“ he paused, glancing to the other side of the bed.  Empty.
“Ross, if you shut your fat mouth for one second, you would realize that the Raft is completely unsustainable for the future of our nations!  America has one of the worst prison systems in the world, and even then American prisons allow for basic rights!  Like visitations, classes, contact with other inmates, and therapeutic programs to help the inmates rehabilitate and learn from their actions and repent!  The Raft does no such thing.  If we want a jail for supers and villains, we need to create a version of one that would allow them the same decency we offer in the regular prison system!” Tony stated, gesturing to the slides he had on the projector that showed the current living conditions at the Raft side-by-side with those of a typical American prison.
When the boy walked in to their home at 9pm that night, looking ragged, Tony had flipped his shit.
“You know, if it wasn’t for the existential terror of staring into the void of space, I’d say I’m feeling better today.  The infection’s run its course.  All thanks to the blue meanie back there.” He jutted a thumb over his shoulder towards the back of the ship where Nebula was sitting.  “You’d love her.  Very practical. Only a tiny bit sadistic.”  He chuckled.
“You’ll be more comfortable here,” the boy said as he dropped him on the bed.
“Yeah I’ll try.  They’re like rabid dogs in there.”
Tony grinned at his reaction before sobering up.  “I kept that little robot arm, you know.  Dum-E thinks it’s his baby still.”
Drax yawned loudly, standing next to Mantis who was still distracted by the lesser gravity.
Or was it better to agree off the bat and then slowly change the Accords under the government’s nose?  Was it better to stand for what you believed in, or to manipulate the situation into what you believed would be best?
The memory was unexpected and just as painful as the one the shield sparked in the man.  In the picture, the only lines on Tony’s face were from happiness and Steve was looking up at Peter in pure adoration.  It gutted him to know that it had all been a sham.
He shook off the memories that had turned sour with age.  No use dwelling on that one night when he had other things to worry about.
His eyes flew open, sharp light from the windows causing his headache to flare up and stab through his skull.  He squinted and looked down, desperate to see his barren chest only to feel his stomach drop at the sight of metal and blue light glinting through the bandages.
“It’s not that easy.  God, we haven’t caught up in a spell, have we?” Tony looked at Bruce and saw the confusion.  “Steve and I broke up.  The Avengers split.”
“When will it ever be the time, Dad?!” Peter yelled out, throwing his backpack to the floor.  “Maybe I should have followed Pops and not signed those stupid Accords.”
“Tony,” Strange caught his attention.  “There was no other way.”
“Yeah, but I wanted to give you something.”
“Okay,” Peter muttered, pocketing the phone in his pants and grabbing the note again.  “Okay.”
“Don’t say his name.  Not yet,” Tony pleaded, eyes squeezed shut.
“Blackbeard,” the child nodded before turning back and heading towards the basket again.
He heard Peter inhale harshly.  “He’s not…”
“Got it,” FRIDAY replied, activating the parachute in Peter’s suit, causing the boy to be pulled towards Earth.
“Hey Uncle Bruce!  Long time, no see!” Peter said cheerily, helping Bruce stand while one of the aliens raged against Tony in the park.
“That goes for you, too, Dad.”
Tony grumbled, “Math and science are extremely important subject matters for people to learn and understand.”
Tony took an armful of his shirts from his closet, ignoring the sharp pain of his ribs, and headed for one of the many guest rooms.  Moving his belongings was going to take a long time, but it would be worth it if he would be able to get some sleep without the emptiness of the bed and the bitter memories glaring him in the face.
He flung off the covers and threw on his softest flannel and sweats.  No use dressing up for the day when you would be spending it in.  He quickly washed up and headed to the kitchen to start the pot of coffee.
“Fifteen,” Tony sighed.
Before becoming a dad, he had been a mess. Anyone who had known him could attest to that.  He had drowned himself in alcohol when he came back from Afghanistan, when he had palladium poisoning, when Steve had come out of the ice and immediately hated him and everything he stood for.  He even had his hang-ups when he and Steve started dating a measly 3 months after Fury had forced Tony to introduce Steve to the 21st century.
Tony started, “We gotta coalesce.  We can’t come at Thanos with this plucky attitude—“
“Hey, kid, it’s Christmas,” he smiled at the grumbled reply.  “I’m making coffee.  Come down in 10 and I’ll have the pancakes on the stove.”
“Don’t we all.”
“Yeah,” Peter whispered, clutching at the paper as he read it.  Tony leaned over him to read the neat scrawl over his shoulder.
“Thanks, Mr. Stark!” they called back, waving as the door closed behind them.
Scott nodded, shoulders drooping at the words.  “Yeah, I know.  I just want to see my little girl again.  I’m so tired of running.”
With Maw gone and the wizard saved, it was easy for Tony and Strange to fall back into their bickering.
Whatever was haunting Peter seemed to recede, allowing the boy to let out a small smile. “Only if you bring the marshmallows,” he called out, making his way towards the living room.
Those stupid dog tags.
Peter smiled, “Yeah.”  The fork clattered against the plate as he set it down.  “I guess—I know he left, I know that, but I still feel bad because he’s out there alone when he should be here with us.  And that’s stupid to feel because it was his decision and you’ve tried to get him to come back and he wouldn’t, but I just miss him and I guess I just wanted to wish him a Merry Christmas.”
“I know…I tried.”
The presents lined the bottom of the Fir tree they had picked out and hauled back to the Tower.  It was a modest tree, barely hitting 6 feet and covered in what ornaments the family had collected over the years.  Tony and Steve’s favorites, which mainly consisted of crude crafts made by an elementary school Peter, lined the front of it.  The lights wrapped around the tree twinkled every so often, casting the room in a warm glow.
Tony forced himself to stumble to the kitchen, because his mind played tricks on him constantly, this could just be one of those episodes, where he had blown everything out of proportion and—
“Well, you’re 15 now, kid.  Time to work on your permit.  Can’t have a Stark not knowing how to drive.”
Steve let out a noise.  “
“Yeah,” he admitted.
The man turned towards the hallway in surprise. “Stop eavesdropping and get washed up, you little monster!”
He grabbed the tags now, glaring at the name punched into the thin metal.
Tony saw right through the act.  He had done the exact same thing when he was younger, when he would approach his mother carefully after being hurt again by his own father.  While the circumstances were different, the actions of a hurt child coming to their caring parent were the exact same.
“Yeah.  You two can even go into the workshop to tinker—“  Tony was cut off by loud cheering in the background.  “But please make sure to not mess with too many things.  I’ll sic DUM-E on you both.”
Even though Steve wasn’t there, they were still going to celebrate.  Tony didn’t want the absence of his other father to completely ruin Peter’s holidays.
“Uh, Mr. Stark?  I have a package for a Peter Stark.”
Quill frowned as Tony whirled on Peter.  “Don’t encourage him.  We’re getting no help from Flash Gordan over here.”
Pepper nodded, tapping at her StarkPad.  “Don’t forget that the Maria Stark Foundation Fundraiser Gala is tonight.”
Scott didn’t even look up, scared to see his fate decided before his eyes.
“Coffee?” MJ asked, scratching her head.
Dr. Cho grimaced, looking down at her clipboard and speaking quietly. “Your chest collapsed after you were brought in to us.  You had a collapsed lung, with the other quickly filling with blood.  Your ribs were severely fractured.  This caused your diaphragm to cave in.”  She looked up, grim.  “You heart stopped shortly after.  We implanted the arc reactor as structural support for your chest, and to also implement small shocks to your heart so that it continues beating properly.  I truly am sorry, Mr. Stark, but we will never be able to take it out again after this.  Your diaphragm and heart are too weak to sustain themselves.”
Nebula had been working on setting up an omnidirectional beacon that would send out a distress signal once the ship died on them.  It was dangerous, not knowing who would come to their aid (or maybe even death) but it was a chance they would have to take.
Tony looked up at his son, frowning at the red eyes.  “Do you want to talk to him?”
“Love you too!” Peter called out, retreating to his room to go to bed.
“Oh,” Tony put the fork down.  “Well, yeah, of course you can call him.  He gave you the phone for a reason, right?  Do you…do you know what you’re going to say?”
“Pete, you don’t know what Tony was asking—.”
“It’s just…none of my friends understand what I’m going through. They all keep talking about their family drama, their family vacations, how their mom’s have been hounding them to study, whatever!  And all I can think is that Pops left me and won’t come back!  Was I not good enough, Dad?” he spit out, tears leaving wet tracks down his cheeks.  “Did he not love us enough?”
The engines had sputtered to their death after 53 hours.  They could do nothing other than redirect the remaining dregs of fuel at the bottom towards the oxygen and water systems. They were sitting ducks.
“Look, we never were close or anything.  I know that.  But I also know you were there for my family when I couldn’t be.  I know the why behind everything you did in Germany and Siberia.  I respect you, Tony, and I appreciate everything you’ve done to reunite me with my family.  Let me try to return the favor.”
Tony sagged against the wall he had propped himself against. Nebula came back and threw his shirt up while brandishing a small silver object.
“I’m going to make you eat so many greens you’re going to look like the Hulk!”
“That’s nice.”
“This Stone may be our best chance at defeating him,” Strange stated.
“Thank you for having us,” Pepper whispered as she hugged him and pecked his cheek.  Rhodey and Happy both gave him quick hugs before heading to the door.
Tony headed to his own room so he could crash.  He would have to be up early to make breakfast for three ravenous teens.  Only coffee and Peter’s smile would make it worth it.
“Not winging it isn’t really what they do,” Quill mentioned.
“No Ned?!” Peter asked, flailing his arms.
“Shut up, you jerk,” she ground out, holding onto him tighter before letting him go in favor of giving Peter a hug and kiss on the head.  “Hi Pete.”
“Thanks Dad! See you later. Love you.”
The first touch of his fingers almost felt like a shock, the vibranium cold and unrelenting.
“I’m Tony,” he explained softly, gripping the little fist in a handshake.  “I met you when you were still in your mama.”
Watching the love of his life lie to his face and then walk away from the family he had worked so hard for left Tony completely empty.
“Dad?” Peter called out, fist raised to knock on the front door.  “You good?”
The three backing Ross suddenly fell silent, leaning away from their mics to discuss in quiet murmurs.  Tony bit back his triumphant smile, knowing Ross would lose this round and wouldn’t be at all happy about it.  The ambassador for Germany, the main one backing Ross, leaned forward again.  “We find that we have to agree with Mr. Stark on that point, Mr. Ross.  I propose we start making plans for giving prisons the means to hold supers without stripping their rights from them.  They are humans too, and we should recognize that.”
“What the hell happened to this planet?  It’s 8 degrees off its axis.  It’s gravitational pull is all over the place,” Quill mentioned, reading the readouts off his device.
Between one breath and the next, Tony had already flung the shield into the wall of their pictures.  All the happy memories their little family had experienced.
Clint was granted the same deal as Scott.  Two years house arrest with parole afterwards and to give up Hawkeye.
“Yes, Mr. Stark.  I’ll speak to the principal about removing it from the detention program altogether.”
Tony shut his eyes, shoving all of his emotions to the back of his mind.  “Pete…” he rasped out, trying to sit up.
When the clock struck midnight, Tony laid a gentle kiss on his son’s forehead and whispered, “Merry Christmas, Pete.  I love you.”
“I know,” he murmured, running a hand through the boy’s curls.  “I wish he would come back too.”
He fingered his ring again, twisting it round and round as he mentally debated with himself.  Should he take it of after what he did to him?  Or leave it on in hopes that he would come back and apologize and try to make things right?
“You know that breach was Rogers.  Ross knows it too,” the man pointed out.  He frowned and looked at the ground.  “We both have seen the Raft, Tones.  It’s not pretty.”
Pepper let out a startled laugh.  “That’s actually been the easiest part of my week so far.  Everyone’s taking your side.”
“Yeah, Pete,’ Tony got out, using the nanites to shut the wound and hold together anything that was internally bleeding.  “Are you?”
“You can wait a minute while I
“Don’t even think about it, Dad!  You promised you wouldn’t leave me! We’re supposed to be a team!”
“I’m not any happier about this than you, kid,” Tony sighed, rubbing his eyes.
Peter let his head drop.  “I figured.”
since he sent that army to New York and now he’s
“Dad, I’m going to need you to listen to me and listen good,” he ground out, pointing a finger at Tony.  “I’m sorry.  What I said up there wasn’t even remotely true, holy shit, I was just so angry because I just wanted some goddamn alone time!” Peter burst out.  “If I could go back in time, I wouldn’t change my decision of following you to Germany and backing you up even though you lectured me about it for
“Okay,” Tony said.  “Good luck.”
“Hold on,” Peter said, helping to prop him up and then handing him a glass of water with a straw.  “The doc said to take small sips.  Don’t want to overwhelm your body just yet.”
Tony inhaled against the nerves thrumming in him as he walked through the ship.  “Star Trek never really portrayed the whole
“He’s a total menace,” Laura admitted with a smile.  “He’s way too smart for a 2 year old.”
The Barton farm hadn’t changed a bit.
“And I’m not?!” Tony exclaimed, hand covering his heart in offense.
Nebula went back to her wires.  Her arm spasmed against the circuit board she was working with.
“Thanks for coming over and getting my mind off of everything. It sucks being on house arrest for healing,” Tony grumbled, running a hand over his bandaged ribs.
He sighed, collapsing next to the heap of metal beside him.  “I need a ride, Pep.  Please.”
He nodded, throwing his head back in pain as she lit up the object.  It almost looked like a mini-welder.  It definitely felt like a mini-welder.
He was
“It’s going to take a while.”
Tony’s hands flew back to the reactor as his shoulders hunched over.  Anything to protect his heart from the shield hovering above him.  “Not again, not again, not again…”
“Uh oh,” Rhodes said, hobbling over to the other man.  “That’s never good.”  He spotted the envelope and grimaced.  “You don’t have to read that, Tones.  You don’t owe him shit.”
“Happy is waiting downstairs with the car to drop you two off,” Tony confirmed, waving as they opened the door and headed to the elevator.  “Have a good day!”
Dr. Strange sighed.  “Oh great.”
Tony felt the air whoosh out of him.  He never wanted Peter to hate Steve after this mess.  He could hate Steve, but he was married to the man. It was different when your own child hated you. “He’s your father whether you like it or not.  Yes, he messed up. He hurt me, he hurt
“Why the visit, Tony?”
“I needed some alone time today to…get away from it all.  And nothing’s more therapeutic than swinging between buildings and letting the wind take all my problems away.”
“Five minutes, boss.”
They had binged some truly awful SyFy movies, arguing about the science behind whether or not Sharknado would even be possible (Tony was arguing that it totally was, come on, Rhodey, think a little!) or who would win between the Mega Shark or the Gatorsaurus.  Peter and Pepper had teamed up, saying the Gatorsaurus, but Tony and Rhodey were rooting for the Mega Shark.  The Gatorsaurus won the battle and Peter took the opportunity to throw popcorn in both Tony’s and Rhodey’s faces.
“I don’t want to talk about it.”
“I know, I just hate schmoozing old people too rich to know what to do with their money.”  Tony paused to fish his phone out of his pocket.  “Let me call Peter then.”  He turned around, facing the windows in the corridor as he dialed.
“That’s okay, we can sub in some other veggies, right?  That’s what his Ma would have done.”
has allowed their son to even think that only one would walk away from this fight.  “He’s fine, Pete.”  He exhaled sharply, ignoring the rattle it produced.  “He took off with Barnes.”
“FRIDAY—“
“He showed up, asking to sign the Accords and turn himself in,” his friend told him as he flew the Iron Man suit to DC.  “He looks just about as desperate as Scott did.”
He could hear the quiet murmurs and sniffles from behind him, but it seemed too much like a dream to be real.  It almost sounded like Steve when he came home from a mission, sounding shy and tired and happy to hold his family in his arms again.
Tony inhaled slowly, staring at the sky in hopes that someone out there would hear his plea for support.  Exhaling with hopelessness, he looked back at Quill.  “Alright, just get over here. Mr. Lord, get your folks to circle up.”
“Thanks, Dad,” he smiled, heading towards the stairs.
It was the 4th of July.
A huge coffee mug.
but he was so tired.  The throbbing of his chest was a constant drone in the back of his mind and all he wanted to do was collapse on their bed and
“I would like to try again,” she stated, leaning forward.
The flight ended quickly as Tony landed on the balcony of the Tower.  He let Peter down first before stepping out of the armor.  Peter was already walking to the door when Tony called out.  “We’re going to talk about it, you know.”
A door slammed in his face, a slap on the cheek, an angry lecture, anything other than the solemn stare and the tired beckoning for him to come inside.
Moments later, the space ship started its ascent upward, shining out two beams of light.  One was obviously for the thug, which Tony deftly avoided.  The other, meant for Strange and Maw, had picked up Peter as extra.
“We have time.”
He grunted, shoving the chest plate off and working himself out of the armor and into the frigid air.  He grappled for his cell in his pocket, thanking his lucky stars he had taken it just in case, it was always just in case—
There, on the wall, a framed picture, Peter was only 6 years old.  He was sitting on Steve’s shoulders, waving his cotton candy like a sword and Steve was his mighty steed, yelling “that way, Papa!” Tony had been laughing so hard beside him that he didn’t notice the click of the camera from Natasha.
“Always,” Tony promised.  “I love you, kid.”
Tony felt his shoulders sag.  “God, Pete, no, of course not.  He’s your dad too.”
“You lost another super bot?” Bruce yelled, throwing his hands out in desperation.
“Under no circumstances can we bring the Time Stone directly to Thanos.  I don’t think you quite understand what’s at stake here.”
Tony grabbed his hand and squeezed.  “I know.  Being away from your kid is the hardest thing in the world.”  He turned around, glancing at the door.  “I have a surprise waiting for you after you sign.”
“After Loki, I had nightmares about mind control for months,” Clint admitted.  “I was an absolute control freak.  I was obsessive about doing little tests to make sure I was myself.  Laura finally had enough a few weeks after I returned home.  She made me talk about it all and started doing little tests of her own on me.  I was shocked at how much it helped.”
“Yeah, course,” Peter got out between chews.  “Would it…would it be okay if I called Pops today?  Before they come over?”
“Dad,” a hand came into view, covering the phone in Tony’s hand. “Either make the call or don’t.”
“Yeah, Pete. I’ll make some.”
“This way,” the woman motioned, indicating for him to follow her.  She headed back into the front office and towards a door labeled ‘Nurses Office.’  She opened it, letting Tony walk inside.
Tony huffed a laugh. ”I guess.” He looked down. “He’s already so much better than I ever was, Pep. I’m so unbelievably proud of him.”
Drax looked to Quill.  “Quill?” he asked as he disintegrated.
“Uh oh,” Tony let out at the sight of his face.  He saw Peter’s lower lip quiver and tears well up in his eyes.  “Come here, underoos.”  His arms were soon full of a sobbing teenager.  “That bad, huh?”
Lila had been outside, practicing her archery and brooding.  She barely gave Tony a glance before letting an arrow
He didn’t sleep that night.
Peter ripped into it, frown deepening as a piece of paper and a burner phone tumbled out.  “Oh.”
“Remember when you showed me that really old movie, Aliens?”
Peter groaned, heaving himself upwards and glaring at the two adults. The unruly sight of his hair and crusty eyes gave Pepper a laugh, which inspired him to glare harder.
Pepper sat on the side of the bed, laying a hand on his thigh.  Before she had a chance to speak, Tony blurted out “How bad is it?”
Tony stared at the mug in his hands, grinning from ear to ear.  He was never going to use another mug again in his life.
But he was getting tired.
“One.”
“Dad!  Okay, I found the recipe and we have most of the ingredients, but I can’t find all the veggies that it calls for—“
Tony looked up at the man and took his hand off the arc reactor.
“I was just patrolling the city, Dad.  Not causing any trouble.”
“Thank you, Tony.  Same goes for you,” she smiled, waving him off as he walked to the yard.  Donning the suit, he glanced one last time at the kids hanging around the perimeter before blasting off into the sky.
“What dance-off?” Tony asked, turning back to Quill.
Another toy was placed in his lap, this time a small Iron Man action figure.  Tony looked at Nathaniel’s grinning face before the child went back to the basket.  “Every time I get something amended on the Accords, I send it over to Wakanda.  So that they can see what’s changed and decide to come back.”
After washing the dishes and cleaning the kitchen, Tony found himself on the couch.  He pulled out the burner phone from his pocket countless times, staring at it and debating making the call.  Or even sending a text.  A simple happy birthday.
“What, Barton?” he snapped, grabbing a crescent wrench to loosen some of the bolts of the engine.  He needed to get the hood off if he wanted to see the insides of the poor machine.
Tony nodded, “Uh, yeah, that would be nice.”
“I just want you to
“You can’t do that while the Accords are the way they are! I told you, Peter, I told you that I would let you know when you can put on that suit and go out there and do your thing.  But now isn’t the time.”
He ignored Peppers exasperated look as Peter gave him a hug.  “I’ll be back in an hour,” he said as he swept out the room in search of Happy.
Steve hadn’t been mentioned at all, which was for the best.  Peter was truly enjoying himself and looked as though he hadn’t a care in the world other than debating if his chemistry teacher was a werewolf or if the principal and the math teacher had a love affair.
The three scratches had been buffed out and the metal had been stained again to cover the damage.
“But you insulted me!  And what I say is law!”
“’Mr. Lord,’” Quill mocked and shook his head.  “Star Lord is fine.”  He motioned for Mantis and Drax to join the circle.
“Yeah, I’d rather have it out of sight if it’s going to collect dust anyway,” Peter agreed bitterly, hauling himself off the couch.  Tony followed him to his room, watching him grab the large painting from his closet and toting it to Tony’s old room. Tony wordlessly opened the door, barely sparing a glance inside.  Pepper had apparently come in to tidy things a bit, as the shield was back on the wall and the things strewn across the floor had been picked up.  Peter dropped the painting right below the shield and looked up towards the white star.  His hand reached out for a second, reaching for the gleaming metal before clenching it into a fist.  When he turned towards Tony, the man took notice of the tear tracks down his son’s face and his son’s scrawl on the note on the painting.
Peter grabbed the marshmallows, cackling with glee.  “Gotcha.”
“Get some sleep.  We need to do more repairs on the water reclaimer tomorrow.”
“Nah, you just look like a grumpy old man,” Peter got out between laughs.
“Hey,” Tony whispered, grabbing his son’s shoulder. “I know it’s hard to talk to your dumb old dad about this stuff, but you’re holding on to too many things.  I just think you should talk to someone.”
“Peter!” they called out, swarming him with hugs.
“I know how hard this is on you.” Peter glared at that.  “I
He nodded, hauling himself up and stumbling towards the sleeping quarters he had seen.  He made sure to give Quill’s a wide berth.  Who knew what that idiot did in there.  He found Mantis’ sparse area and proceeded to collapse with exhaustion on her small mattress.
Thanos whirled on him.  “No tricks, wizard.”
“Alright, kids, it’s bed time,” he stated loudly as he kicked their feet.
us, Pep.  And now all I can think is that it was all a lie.”
“From
Tony nodded and set to work.
“I figured after watching you fight him every week in that council room,” Scott replied, rubbing a hand over his face.  “There was always a TV broadcasting your arguments.  You’re a fantastic debater.”
That would get
“Some of the fuel cells of the ship were cracked during the battle.  We figured out a way to reverse the ion charge to buy ourselves some time, but we’re dead in the water now.  We’re about 1000 light-years away rom the nearest 7-11.”  He ran a hand through his hair.  “Oxygen will run out tomorrow, and that’ll be it.
“Look, Stark…Tony.  He knows he messed up.  He
“Yeah, she was
“Hey guys!”
He lifted his head fully, cringing at the sharp pain that stabbed through his neck and back. “I’m getting too old for this,” he muttered as he took in the sight of Peter.
After saying thank you’s and goodbye’s, Tony and Peter finally headed towards the quinjet to fly home.
“Pete!” Steve called out.  “I’m sor—!”
Tony grimaced as he reached down to pick up the shoes and coats by the elevator door.  Straightening out, he hobbled towards their room.  Maybe the heartache would hurt less if they weren’t constantly reminded of the absent presence.
“Dad?” Peter caught him opening one of the guest rooms.
The room erupted with loud voices, but Scott couldn’t hear a thing over the words rattling in his head.
“I know, I know…I just want your approval, I guess.”
“Wouldn’t he understand if you came back, though?  So you could be my Pops again?”
He had just found the cocoa powder buried in the back of the spice cabinet when he heard a soft, “Dad?”  He turned, eyes taking in the sight of Peter, sleep rumpled and red eyed.  “I can’t sleep,” the teen mumbled, swiping his sleeve under his nose, no doubt to wipe off the dripping mucus and surreptitiously mop up his tear tracks.
“Uncle Rhodey’s not going to be happy about that.”
Tony couldn’t help but stare at the man, dressed in plain clothes and looking a little haggard.  “Are there no beds in Wakanda?”
He accepted a goldfish beanie baby with a closed-lip smile before turning back to her.  “No, I haven’t.  T’Challa won’t give me any info.”
The man nodded.  “I would like to ask France, England, and America for aiding me with this.”
“Alright, boss,” she spoke, a somber tone to her voice.  She hadn’t learned enough yet to bar access for Tony without the order given, and the guilt was almost palpable in her confirmation.  God, he missed JARVIS in times like these. He couldn’t hold it against her, though.  She was too young.
“Okay.”
“Yeah, but it would be nice if you gave me your input anyway, honey bear.”
“Love you too,” he smiled, shutting the door.
“Can you give us a moment?” Tony asked, gesturing at the space between him and Peter.
“Thanks, Fri.”  He let out a shaky breath and made for the kitchen, mind itching for something to occupy it.  He was halfway through pouring a glass of whiskey before coming back to himself.
“No!  I do know, and I know everything that happened in Siberia.  I had to suffer through the fallout and try to piece Dad back together afterwards.”  He gave a dark chuckle at the gasp from Steve.  “You thought I wouldn’t know, Pops?  He wasn’t breathing when he came back.”
These questions continued to pop up, even more so on that Independence Day.  The media was flooded with philosophical debates on who was right in the Avenger’s Civil War.  Tony knew the answer, but kept his mouth locked shut with wires and sharp teeth.  The dirty secret he harbored in his body would never see the light of day if he could help it.
Peter stumbled into his arms, looking terrified as tears gathered in his eyes.  “I don’t know what’s happening.”  He gripped Tony in a hug, clinging with his spider strength. Tony lowered them to the ground, gripping back just as hard. “I don’t wanna go, Dad, please, I don’t wanna go, I don’t wanna go…”
Tony’s brow furrowed as he grabbed the box.  “Uh, thanks,” he said, shutting the door as he turned to face Peter.  “This is for you, Pete.”
It had taken him two weeks to get out.
Tony and Nebula spent most of the morning cataloguing what food they had on the ship.  Split between them and rationed out properly, they could push it to two weeks.  And that would be pushing it.
The group had finally hashed out a plan and was waiting in position for Thanos to arrive. Strange was sitting on a staircase, positive that Thanos would open a portal in the plaza before him.  Tony didn’t really believe him, but it was all they had to go on, so he shut his mouth and got to position with Peter.
Tony sipped the water until it was gone, appreciating the cold that was a balm to his throat. He took stock of the room he was in while doing so.  Beige walls, tall windows, soft bed with a fluffy pillow supporting him; he was definitely in the hospital.  The smell confirmed that thought.  The Tower’s med-bay never smelt like the sharp sanitization every hospital seemed to have.  Peter must have pressed the call button during this and the doctor walked in as he finished.
“I stay at home a lot of the time anyway, Dad—“
He sat down next to her.  “What’s hurting?”  She pointed at the elbow.  He grabbed a flathead and placed his hand on her arm.  “Is this okay?”  At her nod, he started taking the top plates off.  Inside, wires were barely hanging on to their nodes and gears had ground together.  “Shit.”
“We’ll be good in ten, Pep.”
Peter was sitting on the little bed in there, gripping a water bottle like a lifeline.  His cheeks were ruddy and his eyes were still shining.
The kitchen was empty.
Because Peter had school the following day (“It’s my last week, I can stay up a little late!” “Nuh uh, you have finals, I can smell them on you!”), the four of them called it a night at 10pm.
Tony motioned for him to follow up to Secretary Ross’ office.  “You’ll see.”
Peter’s face lit up initially, eyes gleaming at the thought before sobering up, knowing this very well may be a one-way trip.  He gulped.  “God, this is like a dream and a nightmare rolled into one.”
Tony squeezed his eyes shut, ignoring the burning tears threatening to spill over.  This was why he never let anyone close.  It always resulted in someone getting hurt.  Usually it was the other person.
The teenager nodded, letting tears slip out as he grabbed onto Tony.  “Okay.  I guess I can try it.”
“God, you’re smothering me, Pep.”
Either way, Tony and Peter weren’t celebrating either holiday.
“Tony we have a problem—“ Ross started, sounding annoyed.
“Even though that leads your son right into his hands?” Strange spat back, brow furrowing.
It wasn’t long before Tony arrived back at the Tower and was forced to face reality.  Dr. Cho had forced him to stay the week until he could breathe without too many problems.  He wasn’t happy about it, but even he could admit to himself that he wasn’t ready to go back to the Tower. Looking at their home, it was obvious it hadn’t been touched since he and Peter had flown to Germany.  When Tony had tracked Steve to Siberia, he forced Peter to go back and stay with Pepper to avoid the crossfire.
This wasn’t going to be the first birthday Peter had spent without both of his parents.  There had been that one where Steve had gotten stuck on a mission in France.  SHIELD had been tailing a Hydra syndicate for weeks and had tracked the head to this small town in Eastern France.  It was August 1st when they called Steve in, and he had promised Peter to be back by the end of the week.
Peter turned back to knock on the door.
The girl broke off, letting Cooper start gushing over his new Lego set with Peter.  “Mom! Dad! Uncle Tony and Peter are here!” Lila called out through the door.  Tony was only slightly taken aback by the title.  When he had first visited, he was Mr. Tony.  He wondered what changed.
“Stark,” Clint started as Tony started tinkering with the old John Deer.
Tony set down his soldering iron, focusing on the boy.  “Talk to me.  What happened, Pete?”
Peter nodded, picking up the little slide phone.  It even had a keyboard.  “What if I don’t want to talk to him?”
Tony squeezed his eyes shut against the onslaught of emotions rising with him.  “I don’t know anymore, Pete.  He does love you.  I know it.  Before this mess, he would talk about you and your achievements constantly.  Whenever he looked at you, his face would basically melt in adoration.  It was sappy as hell.”  He let out a laugh, on the verge of hysterics.  “I’ve been working on those fucking Accords every day.” Tony took a shuddery breath, reigning his emotions back in.  “Every time I get a break through with the council, I’ve been sending them to Wakanda, hoping that they’d reach Steve and he would come home finally.”
“I’ll take questions now.”
“Protecting your reality, douchebag.”
Peter crinkled his nose and frowned.  “Not since you’ve been here.”
“Thank you,” he whispered back, gripping his son’s hand as it threw a blanket over him. “Love you.”
“Yes I ate and no, no homework.”
Tony missed the strong arms that would encircle his waist, a warm body plastered against his back as he made coffee.  He missed the minty kisses that would be peppered on his neck, hands, cheeks, and lips.  He missed the soft laughs and the bright blue eyes.  He missed feeling whole.
“Doesn’t say.”
“I just wanted to have a little freedom!  Be that friendly, neighborhood Spider-Man again, helping little old ladies from getting robbed and scaring off bullies.”
Tony nodded and looked at the ceiling.
His shirt was half off when he noticed the glint of his arc reactor on the shield hanging on the wall.  Shuddering at the memory of the sound it made when it shattered his chest, he pulled the shirt back on and closed his eyes. Steve’s wild face appeared in his mind, eyes full of anger and desperation and—
“He doesn’t like to listen once he’s got an idea in his head.”
The two sat facing towards Brooklyn, making s’mores while they waited for the firework show to begin.  At the first pop, sizzle, and bright, white explosion, Peter face had gone slack with awe.
Methodically, Tony and Peter were able to transfer all of Tony’s stuff into a guest room.  The boy had grimaced at the mess Tony had caused, but didn’t say anything, for which Tony was grateful.  The pain of his broken ribs was getting close to unbearable when Peter spoke.  “One last thing, Dad, then it’s to the couch for you.”
Steve didn’t even glance over his shoulder before dropping the disk to the ground.  The clang of the vibranium tore through Tony like a sword, finishing the job the shield had started mere seconds ago.  The pain was worse than when his heart was cleaved open.  The glass and metal shards scattered in front of him were more than symbolic.  He walked out, supporting the one person Tony apparently could never hold a candle to, the one person the love of his life had chosen over him.
Tony landed on the front steps hard and stormed through the entrance without bothering to take the suit off.  A woman stepped out of the front office and asked, “Mr. Stark?”
“Dad!  Don’t you dare!  I’m faster than you!”
Tony’s brow furrowed.  “Pete, you didn’t have—“
“Because I haven’t been here for you through this whole mess.”
Steve was really gone then.
Breakfast proceeded to be a mostly quiet affair, with the teens still rubbing sleep from their eyes and the food being eaten.  By the time they were done, MJ and Ned had to head back home.
Tony shook his head.  “That doesn’t even make scientific sense.”  He looked at Peter, who was grinning at Mantis jumping up and down slowly a bit always. “At least we have one advantage.  He’s coming to us.  We’ll have to make a plan and use that to our advantage.”  He started to hash out a plan with Quill before being interrupted.
“On it.”
Tony hit his head on the desk, dramatically groaning at the thought.  “I fucking hate that guy.”
“What should I do, Pep?” he asked, sounding so small and so scared. Like he was 8 years old again, seeking out his mother after being smacked by Howard.
“That’s it, no s’mores for you!” Tony grabbed the marshmallows from Peter and took off running towards the roof.
He ran a hand over his face again, rubbing at his beard.  The whole situation was too complicated to get into the specifics of it all.  He could only hope he was doing right, doing good at raising Peter without Steve by his side.
behind the helmet.
Peter laughed loudly, gripping his sides.  “Oh my god, your face.”
“I know.  It’ll never be enough.” Steve cleared his throat.  “But I am sorry for everything.  I’m sorry I took it so far.  I’m sorry I left.  I’m sorry you had to live in the aftermath of our mess.”
Tony started walking again, ignoring the other.
“Can I?” Cooper butted in.  “I don’t understand what we’re doing in science right now and Mom and Dad are no help.”
“Merry Christmas, Pete.  God, it’s so good to hear you—,” he cut off with a wet, shuddery exhale.  Peter stayed silent as the sounds of crying filtered over the phone.  “I miss you so much,” Steve whispered.
A chorus of “Mr. Stark!” came from the crowd, who all stood in the chaotic commotion to get Tony’s attention. The announcer appeared from the side of the stage and proceeded to call on news stations.  Most of the questions were concerning his personal thoughts on the Accords, what he would change about them, and how he felt about the rogue Avengers fleeing the country.  All of these he answered with perfect form and politically correct vocabulary.  He thought Pepper would be proud.
“Lang.  Stark,” Ross growled when the door opened.  He slammed a thick stack of papers on the desk in front of him.  “The places you have to sign are labeled with a red arrow.  I’m assuming you’ve already read them?” he shot a glare at Tony.
”  He took a deep breath.  “And I don’t know what to do.  So I’m not so sure if it’s a better plan to fight him on our turf or his, but you saw what they did.  What they can do.  At least on his turf, he’s not expecting it, okay?  So I say we take the fight to him,
“I trusted him.  And he took that trust and crushed it.”  A shuddery inhale.  “He knew, Pep.  He knew that Barnes murdered my parents.  He knew for
“Oh Pete,” Tony let out, running forward to gather his son in his arms.  Peter immediately started sobbing into his shoulder.  Tony lifted a hand to card through Peter’s curls.  “Was it the video?”  He got a shaky nod and harder sobs as his answer.
“One to go,” Thanos smiled and disappeared through a blue portal.
Tony’s smile didn’t fade as he made breakfast and poured two large cups of coffee.  Peter eventually meandered to the kitchen table and inhaled about half the cup before starting in on the pancakes and eggs.  Tony sat across from him with his own meal, taking a bite before mentioning, “Don’t forget that Pep, Rhodey, Happy, and May are coming by today around 2.  We’ll open gifts then if that’s okay?”
Natasha had punched Clint so hard he fell to the floor.
“You’re one lucky son of a bitch, Lang.  If that council listened to any reason—“
Tony grimaced.  “Yeah.  If he gets detention again, even though I keep telling him not to,” he rolled his eyes playfully, “can you please refrain from playing that video?”
“Tony?” a tinny voice questioned through the speaker.  “Tony?!  Where are you?  Are you okay?!”
“Not yet, Pep.  I…I can’t.”
” Tony asked, disbelieving his eyes.  “In the middle of this?  While I’m breaking it down?  Huh?  Did you hear what I said?”
“Up, come on, get to the guest rooms where you can sleep on real beds.”
Tony smiled at them before pointing at the boy.  “Now go find Happy and get home and clean up.  You’re stinking up the whole place.”
you?  I was trying to take responsibility and show this stupid team that our actions have consequences.  I was trying to
Lying there on the concrete, Tony felt his walls and armor build up around the remains of his heart.  It had taken so long for Steve to chip away at his mask where Tony had felt comfortable enough to be vulnerable with another human being. It had taken years for his walls to be torn down, and it only took seconds for them to be built back up. He felt the cold emptiness settle in his chest, exactly where the arc reactor had been, and
“Ugh Dad!! Ever since you found out—”
But when Steve had laid out the adoption agency’s papers with Peter’s bio, he had vowed to himself to quit alcohol for good.  He didn’t want to be his father.  He would do everything in his power to be there for his son and love him and encourage him in the ways Howard never did.
“No! Fuck them!  Pops shouldn’t be letting politics get in the way of being there for his only child!” he yelled out, tears steadily pouring down his cheeks. His face crumpled.  “I’m just tired of my parents leaving me.”
Tony had Peter fill him in on what was happening in school, how Ned was doing, about his robotics team preparing for their next competition, if he had talked to MJ about his feelings yet.
“Thanks for coming over,” Tony said, dumping some plates in the sink.  “Peter had a lot of fun today.”
Tony let out a breath. “I couldn’t sleep, as usual. I think Pete had a nightmare, but he didn’t say anything. Just needed the company. I don’t want to push him too much.”
Tony chuckled.  “I promise if you promise.”
Nebula silently approached him after ensuring he was asleep.  Lifting his thin body, she set him in one of the pilot chairs facing the window where he would be more comfortable.  Making sure he was settled and still sleeping, she walked away.
The woman nodded solemnly.  “It must be difficult after what happened.”
“That’s why I’m offering you a compromise! Let me have the tablet and I’ll stay in this room and heal like a good little superhero,” Tony said, smugness creeping into his tone as he saw Pepper wilt.
“I’ll have you know I am a whiz at science!” Laura pointed out.
It was December 24th.
He gave a tight smile, eyes burning at the gesture.  “How could I forget?”  He took the picture and placed it on the side table next to his side of the bed.  “Your only accomplishment.”
Pepper looked alarmed, she had come over to see how the lab ferrets were doing, to Seeing a mildly panicked Bruce looking under things. In the play pen the chocolate ferret and bucky were playing with the tubes, chasing each other and then wiggling over each other in the tube and the chasing would start again.
“Sure Steve anything for you.”
Tony flopped back, all the anxiety over the whole misunderstanding faded. The idea of Steve laying eggs in him remained.
“Well they are itchy I guess.”
“Alright, Tony,” Rhodey said tersely, leaning forward to rest his arms on his legs, “I didn’t want to say anything-”
“No harm will come to your friend but we cannot let him wander about, someone may trip on him.”
“Insufferable we have guests you cannot be out and about.”
‘Star?’ Tony looked back at his armor and it was shining in the sun, the other Tsum looked at it then wiggled closer. Tony hopped up and then tripped over on his back in the sand as the mer-tsum checked over his red intimates. One nub under the hip string shocked Tony into motion and he rolled back to his feet.
“I’m Steve, I hope this Happy dryad doesn't mind me taking a flower?”
“Our mage will be back by the full moon. Come tell us more about this red witch.”
Bucky quipped ruefully, his own fingers covered in nicks from Steve’s reproachful bites.
“Sure Gwen,”
“He’s a friend that's just how he shows he cares, bit of a jerk.”
Steve licked his lips, and Tony’s eyes followed his tongue. Steve was thinking about kissing him so he could be the awakened beauty or something.
It turned out that the lady whose talent he envied was the teacher, and Steve was pretty happy about being so close to her since he would certainly have questions. “For this class it's just an intro. I'm going to teach you how to do some basic edits and photo manipulations. We’ll have a bit of everything from color theory to design elements. My goal for you all at the end of the semester is to edit and manipulate an image of your choice. Even if it's making your dream car a different color with flames shooting out of it.”
“Steve, that was exceptional!”
Tony stiffened and Steve could almost hear the frantic heart beat, he sighed really should have worded it better.
“You aren’t in the bed in the morning, in fact, every morning you are gone. Then you try to hide your calls to that guest of honor, speaker from your conference. I have enhanced hearing Tony! You suck at being sneaky.” Steve deflated in on himself, frustrated with the information. Why was Tony sure he was breaking up with him?
“The packer? Yeah just put it on the bedside, buy your own if you want to weaponize them.”
Surprisingly the same for his Trigonometry class, once he’d gotten to learn and memorize a lot of the jargon and theories. Victor had helped immensely with that, after they figured out that Steve’s best thinking was in the moment, movement. So they’d take the study to the gym. Actually first it had been outside with badminton, but that had attracted a lot of bystanders so they opted for racquetball in the gym, tucked away, out of sight as Victor drilled terms and equations and Steve did his best to apply the right terms and proofs to them.
A bit of meat was offered but the iron man didn’t drop it, the helmet was open and Steve could see the brown eyes leering at him.
Obie was sly, Tony wilted under the gaze, even with a few cups of wine he was still too sharp. Obie huffed and moved past to get the first guests, ignoring Tony all together thankfully. Tony made to leave and hide when Obie returned and announced Janet van Dyne. Who reeked of Fae, Tony froze she was seducing Obie for lack of a better word.
“I enrolled in a college and I am taking classes,” Steve said slowly. “I have an art project. I also didn’t want you to make fun of me for not knowing stuff.”
“Steve?”
“It just takes time to get over the hardships Steve.”
“This is what having a heat feels like.”
“I’m going to clean up a bit, you two can come in when you’re done reminiscing.”
“Ah, I have enjoyed your company too. Maybe I can pick you up and take you on a voyage?”
Rhodey hesitated, before reluctantly replying. “Sure. Anything for you. But maybe you should start with talking to Steve?”
Help from Clint wasn’t what Steve wanted but yet again it made sense to the tsum mind he had to make a grand gesture since Tony didn’t seem to think the snuggles and cuddles were anything other than Steve being lonely for human Steve. He was going to pounce that butt and become human after he had a bit of love for it.
“I love you too Steve!” they held onto each other as the world span and the cat pounced on them again. The nose and heavy breathing, the cat swatted them with too much energy and they skipped lanting in the marble flat vase. They huddled together as the cat tried to figure out how to get in, the vase was heavy. The lip was wide and the cat could certainly get in and torment them more. Though something rolled off the counter top making a noise and the cat was completely diverted.
Iron tsum rubbed against him, urging Cap to help him mint up the gifts that he’d bought. Their own personal touch, tsum musk.
That’s weird, Tony thought. He knew these kinds of things bored Steve, but he really was making an earnest effort to tell Steve the parts of the conference he thought he would like.
“Tsum?”
Though it didn't seem like much of a difference when they both got 5 perfects, the crowd of course was loving it and soon it became things like axe throwing, and archery, weight lifting and then finally back to the hammer bell construct. The crowd was cheering for an endurance test. Steve tried to catch Tony’s eye but he was too far away for that.
Though all this changed when Bucky was swept off their pad and tumbled down into the crack between the coral shelf and the open ocean. The current had been generated by a big fish and Bucky who had shoved Steve under an empty shell had been picked up and tumbled down into the inky darkness. Steve had been inconsolable, occasionally looking down into the abyss of the shelf drop off only to shrink away out of fear.
“Steve, if they can fix you. That's what we want.”
“Steve, his tongue… why didn’t you-- ah!”
Steve woke to sunlight streaming over his face he grumbled as he stretched out and curled up on his other side. Tony was still sleeping next to him and he felt strangely safe, but the sun was very annoying. He looked up to see a man in Tony’s tent, a man with a sweeping red cape. The red witch!
The toy wiggled a bit and the cuff was inflated just a tad more, and then Steve was patting his face.
“He’s lonely.”
“Steve! Tease!”
There was a shrug,
“I..what?” Stephanie was sure the question was directed at her but she wasn’t sure what was being asked.
Surprisingly to Steve his group accepted the crab’s offer eagerly even though the crab had come from the fish in butt folks. Steve decided to forage off by himself for a bit. Jarvis was already on Dum-dum cleaning out his skin from parasites. It would be a while before the whole team was done.
“Oh, yeah that makes sense thanks for entertaining my dumb question. It's not like you consented to this.”
“Sure I’d tickle youuu-oh!”
Bruce looked up sharply at Tony, aware of both idiots pining for each other. He felt Hulk agree, which was slightly unnerving since Hulk wanted them to kiss already. Though his attention fell on the tsum in tony’s arms, being squeezed like that was enough to overload the thing, he could see it losing some of the roundness, and heading into floppy territory.
“He got into it and almost drowned, I’m not sure how.”
Victor had even laughed at him when he talked about Tony.
He fiddled with a pad of paper as Pepper listed them being found in a rat cage, one was missing a leg, and the other seemed to have blunted teeth.
“I hope it feels as good when you do it to me, can you form words?”
He was worried about hurting Tony. Tony barked out a laugh.
“Uh I’m Steve.”
“Fill me up, stud.”
“Rhodey! Carol! Did pepper send you?”
Tony looked pretty distraught.
“Weights are that way, the machines that work are that way,” the receptionist gestured unenthusiastically. “There’re classes upstairs sometimes, and a lap pool downstairs. I’d stay out of the pool if I were you,” they added ominously.
“AUGH! C'mon guys!”
So a prank war, with Clint. Steve frowned; he could try the silly pranks he and Bucky would do on each other, swapping the sugar for salt, tying their shoes together the harmless stuff. Apparently those were small beans, Steve found out after his 3 in 1 wash was replaced with some sort of Strawberry explosion. It made his skin feel really smooth so he didn’t mind that. It also got Tony to stop mid retreat, to sniff Steve. So that counted for something, Tony of course scuttled away before Steve could say anything.
Okay that was kind of adorable, the excavator returned to digging. Stephanie was of course curious the excavator was working steadily and while there had been some progress the little thing didn’t even seem to be perturbed about the sheer size of the task laid out in front of her.
“Not like Steve.”
“Tony, we’re a team. If you can’t remember us, maybe you shouldn’t be on it,” Steve bit out as he pulled a bit of glass from a car’s side view mirror out of his side. Iron Man was quiet and then shuttled back to the tower without so much as a snide retort or sarcastic comment.
Tony shyly tapped her claw against the bulb, dripping water over it. She dunked her claw back into the canal and trickled another clawful over it.
“Ah, I guess I should make the indoor swimming areas bigger.”
Steve jerked up, his hand on his favorite toy, he cast a worried glance at Tony who was in the process of setting up the spreader bar.
Despite the punishment, it was nearly impossible not to gripe or roll his eyes, and by the time they’d finished their run, Tony was beyond worn out.
His eyes shining as he watched it grow in size his own movements faltered in the rubbing.
“Do you not want to stay?”
They struggled for a moment and then Bucy got out from under Steve and placed the packer on the table. Eyes bright as he watched Steve pick out the penetrator.
Ok, so, as much as Tony loved Rhodey, he really hated to admit that he was right. He should have talked to Steve in the first place. And eventually, when he explained the whole story to Rhodey, he told him as much, just because he loved him.
“Ah the strawberry shampoo!”
No, he’d just never pulled a boat that could fit several land tsums in it. Maybe with the boat the land tsum would look at him? Steve breached and huffed, he needed some air. Thinking about the land tsum dancing in the water and removing that black skin. How the sea cucumber like tsum had managed to be graceful in the water. The way the star had moved their hips, the red material shifted, Steve frowned and he was cold all of a sudden.
Steve paused in his licking, brows drawn as he patted Tony’s tummy with his nub.
He didn’t initially have an issue with Tony going to Chicago alone for some engineering conference. Tony seemed genuinely excited about it, normally he’d try his best to squirrel out of going to board meetings, galas, and press conferences. Well none of those sounded as exciting as an engineering conference, most of those events were pretty boring to Steve, he’d had the dubious role as arm candy during some of the galas and press conferences. The art galas were more his thing and Tony always took him to those even if Tony didn’t much care for them. Either because he loved Steve, or because ‘Pepper would crush his balls’ Tony’s words. Steve liked going, he also liked Tony’s balls so it was pretty easy to go and keep Tony in line.
“Of course, you’re pretty cute. My savior.”
“That is true. It's really nice to hold you. Thank you for saving me.”
“Yeah, Your brother may be a jerk but he’s not dumb.”
“Is that why you were so argumentative earlier?”
The other blinked and there was a soft wry smile, Steve felt drawn to this Fae.
Tony cried out as Steve licked away all thought. The hard spot between his nubs unfurled into a dick and Steve gave it a few teasing licks before bullying himself with Tony’s ass.
“Do you like being ordered around too? Maybe we should go over this so we don’t have this happen again.”
Tony hummed and hawed over the new noticeable absence of his boyfriend from his life. They finally saw each other after a day, but Tony couldn’t shake the feeling that something wasn’t right.
“Hey, may I hug you?”
It took a while for Steve to stop shaking, his life had flashed in front of his eyes too many times today and he just wanted to keep holding on tight to Tony. The firm body of Tony was pressed up against his wrapper and it felt really nice. Tony eventually started to squirm a bit and Steve loosened his hold just enough so Tony could lean back.
“Hello, Steve!”
“Does it hurt?”
“You aren’t replacing me with a buff math major?”
The Fae got up and turned around his words faded as his eyes fell upon Steve’s. Steve wasn’t sure what the other was… besides being everything Steve had ever wanted in his body. He also felt a bit self conscious about the gaze, the other wasn’t blinking.
It was all very unfair, for Steve in his entirety was a small shrimp like little cucumber with hardly anything but some white dimples on his back. No armor, no neat fleshy appendages that would make him look like one of those toxic sea slugs that scooted by occasionally. He was much too small to do much even the gut extrusion was barely a concern to predators at his current size, thankfully he was often too small to be considered much of a meal for the few predators that passed by. Not that it didn't stop him from cowering under the cowrie shells that Bucky had collected for that reason. He also didn’t have butt teeth, which he wasn’t sure why Bucky had them.
Steve rubbed his chin with his free nub.
“I’m really big for just four.”
“So that is Steve?”
He could smell the crab cooking, father up the beach. The tsum had mastered fire, and was staying away from the shore line. Steve slid back into the waves pushing his body back into the surf. Kicking his tail out as he dove under the waves and swam out to where the ship wreckage was. Maybe he could find something for the land tsum? Something that would make them less scared of him.
“Are you okay?”
“Tsum tsum tsum.”
Bucky ran his cool metal hand over Steve’s chest jerking him away from his thoughts. He went for the nipples just like old times, but the sensation between the hands was different just enough to really get Steve to wiggle in his chains. Tony was making huffy noises as he slowly scissored Steve wider.
“Hold on-”
“Yeah, Happy remembered.”
“Feisty I like that in my potatoes.”
“And then I can live in your butt?”
He could make some of the best blades, weapons one could only dream of and the next day Obie would want twice as many. Where was he selling them? Frustration eked into his head, there was a plan of course but he’d been told to stand down by the Fae community. Maria apparently had a huge pull in the community and her death had rocked them. To the point that they had reached out to Tony now enslaved by some arcane hobgoblin rule to the house and there by Obie who seized it after his parents had died.
“Tony, that wasn’t the work out. That was the warm up. Training starts now.”
Dr. Banner paced his kitchen while on the phone listening to Pepper’s accounts of the animals seized from a local lab, AIM or something.
Steve was wheeled in, he was looking around eagerly, eyes shining when they landed upon Tony’s form. Tony stopped kicking his legs and waved at Steve, Bucky parked him close by so he could see the ultrasound images. Bruce toddled in with his charts. Still muttering about the odds of cross species reproduction.
“Will do! Can I help you?”
Popcorning around ready to defend his honor he came face to face with Iron tsum.
Bouncing and bobbing away from the jar he climbed up the couch leg and bounded across the cushions. Occasionally giving the jar a stink eye. Bruce had obviously put that jar here to keep Tony out. It would have worked most days but right now Tony was far too interested in the other ferret. Why he could barely scent him. Why had Bruce set up Rhodey first?
“Tony, good to see you. I’ve set up a path for you to follow, it will take you to the westerly sea. They have those steam boats!”
“Yes,”
The people weren’t bad company, for the most part. There was a skeezy nuclear scientist who grew way too friendly after one night out at the bar, but everyone else was top of their field, and more well-mannered than Tony could pretend to be on his best day. He was still star struck from meeting Doctor Jones, the brilliant researcher behind harnessing the thermal conduction from exoplanet rotation, a truly mind blowing theory-turned-practice after a recent unexpected drone crash simultaneously lost decades-worth of data, and brought the key piece needed to prove the theory. Tony had indulged himself, spending as much of his time with the Doctor as possible, to the exclusion of most others. Still, in the end, he’d made friends, and expected that everyone would be thrilled about his triumphant return.
Some nervous laughter left Steve, Tony chuckled along with him and then leaned back into the embrace.
“Do you want your Iron man back?”
“I won’t be a woman for you Steve!”
“Okay! So I want to hide my lovely eggs in you, and I made eggs for the humans but that’s it.”
“Yes, I’m good. He keeps everyone else in line.”
“Hey handsome,”
“I want you as my mate, Tony.”
He took a bigger bite and was surprised by the flavors. He looked concerned at Tony not sure if he should voice the idea that his tongue was confused? Chewing on his bit he decided not to, the flavors seemed to work better after the initial bite.
Tony’s head began to spin before Rhodey even finished his thought. “I did see him one day hanging out with someone I didn’t recognize. They seemed...familiar.”
Both hands stilled the cage and Steve just raged bouncing off the bars of the cage showing how fierce he was. He wasn’t terrified at all, no he was going to kill this warlord.
Steve tried to bite at the offending fingers.
Steve shifted uncomfortably, unsure of what to make of that comment.
“Wow,”
Natasha was right of course, he’s let his anger temper his voice. So on the short flight back to the tower, Steve sat silently, thinking about all the advice from his friends he’d heard recently, and wondering how to listen to them all at once, and figure out a way to fix this. In his urge to become better for Tony he’d somehow lost sight of Tony.
“Oh Steve, here’s your coat!”
Sure enough Rumlow was there showing off his muscles and challenging people to beat him. The prize is what made Steve angry; it was his coat wrapped around some bimbo. Winner in the competition gets the white coat. Steve tugged at his seaweed pouch he was going to bean Rumlow here and now with the toxic urchin, humans be damned.
“Is there anything else that makes you think he’s actually cheating?”
Scheduling back-to-back math classes had been a terrible mistake. If there was any consolation it was that the first class’ gobble gook made more sense than the second’s.
Tony launched himself across the island and wrapped Steve in a hug, much firmer than before which was surprisingly pleasant.
“Yeah, well, I hope this works out. Steve, if it doesn’t, just ask Tony, promise me? I think you may be overthinking this.”
“It will be cold, both water and wind. The tides are stronger this time of year.”
There was a flutter in Steve’s tummy and he sort of slumped into Tony as he came. Sliding foot to the side head bouncing on Tony’s filled belly. The pressure of Steve’s body colliding with his stuffed tummy set off a chain reaction and Tony experienced an orgasm. He swore he felt something leaking out of his ass but was unable to confirm.
“Tsum tsum.”
“You two moon at each other all day, given the chance. just say hello already.”
No use, he pushed the heavy body of the star up to the surface and looked around. There were burning bits of the ship and other land tsums complaining. He looked up at the sky getting his bearings and swimming for the atoll he’d passed by a day earlier. Using some rope he tried the star to him, and swam. It was very heavy and while Steve wasn’t certain where the star’s face was, he went on how the nubs were oriented. It was still breathing, that was good. Steve took another deep breath as he dove under the water, the Star was behind him on the surface still as he swam.
Steve leaned in and kissed Tony’s waiting lips.
“I..I don’t know and I wasn’t there for him.”
“Sorry for worrying you.”
Tony pulled back and checked around the bow, and sure enough he found the mer-tsum. The merman must have gone out of his way to bring back some of the salvage, and to push it up onto the beach like so. Tony patted the soft golden locks, the mer did not stir. His skin on his tail looked cracked and dry, his pale skin was pinking under the dying of the sun.
Steve waited till Tony was done and just held him in an embrace, his Tony was brilliant, generous, and always ready to demean himself. That part had been hard Steve could sing praises to Tony all day and the man wouldn’t take them at face value.
“Wanna hold.”
The grey one laughed playfully when Steve asked hesitantly about the fish in butt. There was a clever looking crab riding on Rhodey’s back named Jarvis, who eagerly offered to the whole group of howling commandos, free skin cleaning.
Steve looked up to see the competition so far they’d tied in everything. Thankfully Steve had been worried about that. Tony was working his charm and the crowd seemed to be cheering for him as they did something with hammers, that made a bell at the top ring. If you hit the bottom thing hard enough, it was the best three out of five.
Tony just stared at Steve, oh yeah he was speaking tsum, with the transformations Steve had become fluent in tsum something he hadn’t shared with Bruce’s 20 tsum or any of the team.
“Why?”
A little dejected, Tony wondered why Steve hadn’t asked him to join him, then remembered how much he hated going running, especially when trying to keep pace with a super soldier, and tried to pay it little mind. He would just have to make an effort later to talk to Steve.
Steve is trapped in a bird cage which he thoroughly rejects with his entire being. Rattling it while hissing and spitting, at the ginger haired boy, who was instructed to take Steve somewhere.
Cap snorted, Clint thought they made the musk by having sex, and Iron tsum wasn’t going to disabuse that notion. ‘Let him think we get it on, he won't try and shoot us from his bow anymore.’ Which had turned out to be true, the rate of scary Clint and tsum interactions had dropped thankfully.
“What were they doing?” Tony dared to ask, regret settling before his mind could catch up.
Bruce shook his head, he had to patch a hole in the bottom of the puzzle enclosure that he was pretty sure Tony’s doing. He opened the door and snapped a photo of Tony swaddling Steve on the couch too cute. He was going to place that image on his website.
That's how he ended up at the door to Tony’s lab, it wasn’t locked and he was granted permission to enter. Tony had managed to recover Jarvis but the AI had been less communicative, Steve didn’t know the reasons but presumed that the mind stone had wreaked havoc on the verbal bits of the AI. Tony’s back was to him and he stalled, realizing when he’d run off to track down Bucky it had left Tony alone in the tower without his friends.
“Tsum?”
“Ooorrrae,”
He thought back to that conference he’d gone to recently, how it was mostly math and science and the kinds of theoretical and practical discussions that would bore Steve to death, but there was art and excitement, too. Tony wished he and Steve could talk about that, that he could share with Steve all of the things he heard from the world’s brightest minds about the world and about the future and the advancements of science. It would be easier to teach Steve quantum physics than for Tony to bear the betrayal, or survive losing Steve all together. Hell, it would be easier if Steve could just train Tony instead of him trying to figure it out himself, or maybe it was easier to build a time machine and go back and just work out with Steve from the beginning.
“I'll be gentle. No worries.”
“If you don’t, I’ll keep it. It makes a good weapon.”
“I’m here to save the day! Don’t you worry Stephanie.”
“I want to be round and full of you Tony.”
Maybe he had loved Bucky that way a long time ago, but that had faded before Steve himself had known the difference between loves. He dipped his finger into the pool, if he had his coat he’d be able to scoop the urchin out. No coat he’d need a net or something to keep the spines from his skin. Would probably give him a rash, but still best not risk it.
Steve admitted into his ear. Tony cracked his eye and looked up at Steve.
Tony shook his head carefully as a pre serum Steve tsum was perched on it.
“It's a cap tsum of course it's Steve, but not The Steve.”
He waved the boy away, Steve had waddled to the front of the cage and the food smelt really good. He was expecting not to get any though. He had attacked the warlord of the iron clad clan. His eyes settled on the smoked salmon though, that was a treat even in the times of plenty.
He must have dosed in the cage because he woke with a start colder than before and the tent flap was open and he could hear someone talking and then the man in the red and gold armor tramped in followed by the red haired child, holding a platter of food.
Tony came down the beach to dump the crab bits off and thank the mer-tsum for it. The meat had been sweet and filling. He paused upon the sight of the row boat and then dropping the crab shell raced toward it, excited this could be a chance to get back home! He found a tool box inside the boat's hull along with more wood, rope, and a tattered tarp.
“I could do this all day!”
Three days later, when he could properly walk again without slumping practically in half, Tony woke early in the morning, slipped out of bed, and under the guise of a hoodie and sunglasses, bought himself a membership to the YMCA.
“Okay! Let me break you out!”
Tony stilled though tilting her arm in a lift.
He proclaimed sleepily and no one protested a bit.
“To tug or not to tug! That is the question!”
Anyways Stephanie’s opinion of the pilot dropped even further when he fell asleep in the passage and well some wind storm, or sand storm struck and Stephanie did her best to protect her crew, herself, and her cargo. Though in the end of the debacle she was quite stuck, lodged sideways in the Suez canal. She was even more uncomfortable than before. She was wider than the canal, and while Brock was blaming everyone else.
“I was looking for Rumlow before I met you, he stole my coat. I need it back.”
“Oh that explains the ocean smell.”
“Sure, where’s the popcorn anyways?”
“Steve, Bucky and I will be fine. Peggy sent us, she knows Bucky speaks northern. She picked us, can you accept our help?”
“Alpha, here comes the first egg!”
Steve paused at the kitchen door, if Bruce had been close to changing, what was behind the door? No, he straightened his back. He couldn't be scared now, while he wasn’t sure what would greet him in the kitchen. He would have to go anyway in order to set everything right again. He wasn’t sure if he could figure it out. Getting smarter had not been an easy task, in fact he felt much stupider now than he did before all of this.
“TSUM, tsu-tsum. Tsum tsum tsum!”
“How do you end it?”
Tony could feel Steve lean back on him as he finished up pouring and tapping.
“Look Tony has been in our shared tent every other day asking about your favorite foods, and what you like to do when you have spare time. Steve, he's even accepted some of your tactics.”
“Steve, for a potato you have a cute butt.”
Only Selkie but Steve didn’t know that. Steve lunged at Tony bobbling on the land as he made an attempt for Tony’s lap.
Steve ducked his head and he was very naked. The sheets were warm though and he found himself reluctant to leave.
“I think it's hot.”
Steve took a step closer, trying to identify that scent. Hoping that if he could suss it out it would help him figure out who he was dealing with.
They finally got back to the matter at nub, Tony's gift which was a jacket with a huge pouch ment for a cat but clearly in this application it was for tsums. Human Tony was a big fan of just having tsums so this made sense they could be with him while he did other things. The pouch was big enough to fit all the spider tsums which was good.
“But I can win him back. Can you help me?”
“Really Stevie? You’ll miss having a fish in your butt?”
“Tsum,”
Tony seemed to relax again, she was still digging but a little more slowly.
“Once Stevie makes up his mind, you can't really deter him. He’s like a very patriotic turtle.”
Steve was pretty envious, but she seemed to know what she was doing and he didn't. They had a simple syllabus written in English, which was a relief to finally understand something, even if he still felt a bit inadequate.
Tony returned home from the Engineers of Tomorrow conference, jetlagged and jittery. It had been a fantastic experience, brimming with networking opportunities with every step he took - not that he particularly cared much about that, but SI’s Board of Directors would be thrilled, and the professional liaisons he’d secured would mean ultimately much less work for Pepper in the coming months.
“That's how I breathe!”
“This is a traditional Selkie marriage, full moon and song.”
“Okay, you gotta get him Steve right in the ass. Tony’s got to have a sign.”
“A perfectly reasonable thing for an average guy to do-”
Bucky tug did back off though, they waited for more tugs and tried four strong with no luck and then working with the tugs starboard and nothing came of it. Stephanie was starting to despair unsure of how this was going to be fixed. It was kind of embarrassing that some sandstorm had blown her into this predicament. She’d been stuck for quite a while and on the 3rd day there was an interesting development at her bow.
“You took math to understand me better?” Tony asked.
“I don’t think anyone would object to that. I hope this works out. Still think it's crazy that you don’t need to take any prerequisites. When I was a student, I had to take humanities and speech.”
“I thought the egg hunts for the kids was a good idea.”
Steve really liked caring for Tony and this would have been a big deal, if he hadn’t been the one to send Tony into some ptsd attack. He showed off the cloth and placed them on the counter, gathering up a fluffy towel and carefully helping Tony out of his soaked clothes and patted him down till he was mostly dry.
“What?”
Once free he scampered down and darted for the quarantine room, to find the other ferret that Rhodey had mentioned. Apparently Bucky, the one Rhodey was hanging out with had a friend stashed in the quarantine cage and Tony was going to visit. He nosed the cracked door open and scurried into the room, he came across a jar of peanut butter and twisted away in revulsion.
He would never look at a hose or a rope in the same way again, and thought to himself that he’d best avoid going to any farms in the near future or it might trigger some sort of post-traumatic stress induced episode.
“Tony, let the tsum go, here.”
“I thought you were mad at me for freezing him.”
“About us, I didn’t mean to leave you so abruptly.”
Steve furrowed his brow and nearly pouted while she spoke and Tony snorted.
Tony had tears in his eyes. He reached towards Steve, but then pulled his hand back, blinking back the tears. Remembering another key detail, needing to get all the components of the issue laid bare.
“Yes, here comes more.”
Steve got up walking to the bedroom door when Bucky pushed past him, smirking. Steve grappled him and they fell through the door. It swung wide and hit the wall with a bang, Tony jumped around eyes wild and hurled his packer. The red and gold item smacked Steve in the chest and flopped onto Bucky who was under him.
“I thought you were a star.”
Cint snarked from the kitchen, over the noise of corn popping violently. Steve knelt down in front of Tony who was tucked tightly into the couch. It looked very much like Clint’s work, he’d once been tucked in and it had so nice Steve hadn’t wanted to leave.
“J, release Steve.”
Tony nodded and accepted them and felt nothing. He sighed and bid them a good hunt as he headed down that flowering path.
Why did Steve have to do it? Or, why did Tony have to push him away? And, most of all, could he really prove himself worthy of Steve’s uninterrupted affections ever again?
“Tony?”
Tony scolded in a light hearted manner as he slipped a few more fingers into Steve.
“No, you didn’t… I’m not happy they were used but if you were under contract I understand. We have some really stupid rules.”
“I’m just like being pegged, Tony.”
“That's not it Tony, I would never.”
“Tan. Tall. Wore glasses. He was wearing some sort of yellow sweater. But even under the knit, you could tell he was ripped.”
“Sure.”
“Mmmm,”
Bucky lurched towards Tony grumbling about nipping that tail off. Tony darts away smirking as he wiggles around the Bucky with ease.
That was probably his first mistake, for suddenly he felt eyes upon him. Looking around didn’t do much as the feeling of being watched grew, Steve decided to head back to the group and that's when a slim skinny fish appeared. It looked like the same fish that was living in the new cucumber’s butts. Steve instinctively clamped his own butt shut.
“Damn, let me help.”
“Steph?”
“Urfh look she’s the thickest boat I've ever seen, I’m still in awe my strength will come back.”
“Tony, tell Steve where you are going in the mornings,” Natasha demanded. “I, ah, I go to the gym to work out so I can be as buff as your new boyfriend.”
The excavator flexed her little claw and what Stephanie presumed was a dramatic pose.
He squeezed at the line and Tony felt a few pop in and he wiggled it was a strange feeling but not bad. He rather liked the pressure, and the fullness. Like to think that this was what Steve would beg for during his heats. Maybe he should try that for Steve.
Tony felt wounded he’d never intended his weapons to be used against his own kind but of course that was what they would be used for Obie was a right bastard. Always trying to separate Tony from his supernatural roots.
“Yes, but we can do that later, I want this to be special!”
“Tsum, tsu tsu tsum?”
Oh he was going to need a math tutor. At least the art class Sam had suggested turned out well. He was going to need to learn better control with the mouse but a lady next to him had pulled out a tablet with a pen and done art on the computer that way.
“Alpha~ time to hide my eggs!”
Knowing what was coming really helped and Tony’s response about Steve being a good easter bunny died on his lips as an onslaught of eggs slid into him. Some were cooler than others and the sizes were different and he was undone. Steve was rubbing and his belly moving the eggs around he could feel it, the toy was still lodged in his ass.
“Yes, I thought…”
“I’mma making you round!”
He sounded close by so Tony wiggled out of the snuggle sock, and tucked it into the side of their nest. He was very close to pacing around when Steve’s cheery face poked over the rim. He was wearing bunny ears and tugging a tiny basket.
He looked over his calendar, if he cut back on some of his activities he could probably take something in the afternoon. Seems feasible. Now, to figure out which math he needed, he decided to see what the requirements were for the Stark Internship and use that as a guideline of sorts. Slowly, but steadily, his plan came into shape.
“All evidence points to the tsum being Steve and I hope i’m right.”
“See, I got you back big guy.”
“Shit, man we’re calling for backup. Buck back off we need to formulate a plan.”
“Tsum?”
“I know so, so sweet let me have a taste? We compliment each other.”
He’d been told time and time again not to follow the ships and yet here Steve was following in the wake of a ship, it was easier he thought to swim in front of the boat but, it was also easier to be spotted and he did get tired quickly as well. Rumors that the land tsum would hunt a mer-tsum down. Harpoon them and do terrible things, anything from leaving them trapped in tiny tanks to carving them up into very small pieces for unspecified reasons.
“Buck! I-i gosh I didn’t miss this, when you know me too well.”
“Clint, showed me this and found it in the trash of the common room after you left.”
He was smirking at Steve, who was very hungry but he wasn’t going to eat out of this man’s hand like some dog. He snubbed the meat, and when it was dropped into his cage he tossed it out, landing with a splat on the man’s cheek.
“But the Selkies sing at night and the waves light up as they crash, I think it's very romantic.”
Fourthly, the reason Tony was even here in the med bay butt naked with a paper sheet on the cot propped up so he could look over his very round belly. He was also pregnant, and was here for a check up. Setting a precedent for land tsum and mer tsum populations it seemed. The merfolk had nominated Steve as their ambassador. Strangely enough, probably had to do with Hydra being a constant looming threat. They had a power to turn mer-tsums into land tsums.
Tony had a strange desire to stuff seal Steve into his pouch and head back to his manor for surely the wolves had torn everybody up by now. He could put Steve in the bathtub? Maybe he could have a workshop out here for boats and things and they could alternate on where to be. He patted Steve on the star spot between his eyes resisting the urge to say ‘good boy’ best not to anger the hefty seal form of Steve.
But as his motivation grew, the equipment failed, and Tony quickly reached the limits of the community-run gym.
“This could hold me..”
“Sure I’ll challenge you!”
“Hmm, I’ll need to research it.”
Tony was silent the rage from before was mostly gone and Steve hadn’t been kicked out. So he hoped this was fine, he wanted nothing more than to please Tony.
“Tony, Hawkeye needs aerial support.”
All of the things in his mind, and Steve’s mounting questions made him defensive, and at times, mean. But the irony really was too much that Steve of all people should care about Tony’s secret activities, and Tony struggled to recall a time when he wasn’t irritated in Steve’s presence.
Steve peered up from his place between Tony’s leg nubs, he was blushing.
“Insatiable, let this old pill sleep.”
“I expect you to come back, Tony you are the master of this house. Also who would we dote on without you?”
“I think I love you more,”
A tiny red and gold excavator digging away at the canal wall right around were her bulbous bow ought to be. At first it was mere disbelief that the Suez canal had only sent one tiny little digger to help her out. She bargained a bit with herself surely they’d send out more to dig her out? A day in she realized that no this little dirt mover was the only one, so she watched it finding the way it delicately moved the tiny claw around her.
Rumlow made a show of giving the coat but then leaned over Tony and said something to which Tony just laughed and held the coat close. The crowd dispersed and Tony made his way back to Steve’s side but his eyes lit up with unexpected mirth when he saw the people next to Steve.
The pants he found under the wood that had made the table, there was an odd lump in the one leg and as he lifted it a potato rolled out. Bucky frowned and tossed the pants off to the side, crouching over the potato. Why would Stevie have a potato in his pants. Poking the thing in question and seeing it roll over, it had a face.
Tony patted out a flame on his shirt.
“Okay, kiss me!”
Tony knelt down unsure if this was Steve till it looked at him and flexed its body making him look like a seal banana.
Steve knew if he pushed it Tony would say it's his wet hair or something was stuck in his eye so he just rubbed the other’s back till the soft sobs died out. Steve lifted Tony up and took him to the bed where the tsums parted like the red sea.
“It's private, I don’t want to share.”
Tony nodded his own nubs patting his gently at his swelling belly. He could take the rest for Steve, he could do it. He already felt really good and warm.
“Yeah wow.”
Tony sounded sad, that upset Stephanie.
Steve pushed on him till he got the general idea and helped adjust so he was propped up. Steve did that adorable whole body wiggle when he got excited. Bending down to lap at Tony’s entrance.
He waddled over to the edge of the bed trying his best to demand Tony to open up his nest.
“Steve? No way how’d you get so freaking huge.”
Sometimes Rhodey still bothered him to ask Steve, because now Rhodey was on some other tangent about possibly being wrong, and that Tony really ought to just ask Steve and clear the whole thing up, so Tony could move forward one way or another, but Tony stayed the course. Early morning workouts. Less time with Steve. More time with his thoughts. More time to stew about it and be snippy on the fleeting occasions when he did get to see his boyfriend.
Bucky huffed and bounced on top of them, feeling the stressed out alphas relax under him. Rhodey had been smelling very stressed probably from Tony, who was worried and stressed over this easter thing.
“Why’s that?” Rhodey asked, sitting next to Tony on the couch.
“Tony please forgive me, I'm not going to go on anymore wild goose chases. You were right about that.”
Bucky was quiet through this exchange he had a thoughtful expression on as he looked at the packer.
Last time he and Bucky had outwitted and strong armed Rumlow into fessing up where he hid it. Bucky was unable to do that, Steve was sure if he asked Bucky would help, but he needed to recover, plus being  without his coat on land? Without an arm? No Bucky had finally mastered the seal part and well Buck had never liked drawing attention to himself so on land was a big no.
“Think of it as a vacation sir, we’ll be here when you need us.”
“The ‘god, born of science?’”
“Thank you for telling me Steve.”
Third, well it wasn’t too big in the grad scheme of things but Tony thought it had to count for something. They were both betas, which made the next reason more amazing on the cross species fertility argument. It had been traditional though only an omega and alpha of either species could cross breed. Not that there were any examples, it was just assumed that pairing had a better chance. Tony was all about disproving traditional values.
By the time their session was done Steve felt much better about Trigonometry, and felt he could at least read the syllabus of the other class at least. Apparently Victor was a very good tutor, and Steve was starting to look forward to studying closely with the man.
Steve nodded quickly to change the topic to the latest baseball game, pleased with how his plan for mental betterment was going, and more hopeful that it would affect his relationship, too.
“You knew?”
So he did the next best thing and shuffled to the side of the cage that was furthest from the tent opening but facing the opening. As he pouted, he had tried to prove that he was just as useful now than ever but it seemed his demonstration had failed, and now he had no clue as to what happened to Bucky or Sam.
"Later, let us love you some."
“What if we weren’t Steve?”
“Same! Steve!”
“Good luck punk!”
“Mine,”
“Yeah Strawberries and honey sounds good.”
The man smiled and Steve squinted he saw fangs. He looked back at his coat. The crowd roared and Steve’s attention was jerked back. Tony was standing with the hammer barely a sweat with Rumlow leaning on his knees panting.
“Yes well maybe put it back?”
The tiny lozenge waved one side of his wrapper in return. Tony felt his contents shift, the cute lozenge was named Steve! Peter was a miracle worker!
“I guess.”
“I….”
And he headed out through the scullery door, legging it quickly through his mother’s garden swinging open the back gate where Pepper waited peacefully with Happy at her side and a pack of werewolves. The wolves seemed to watch Tony as he approached, Happy was blooming as he typically did around Pepper. He waved jovially and was out of place with all the seriousness of it.
“Ah, being tied up at port is more like BDSM, though it's not really fun. I guess I don’t mind being secured, snuggly, it's not bad and it does ease my mind. I don’t wake up in a random area. After a long voyage I do look forward to it, but most times I just want to travel and coming to a port is kind of a drag early on in a voyage.”
Tony pointed to a section of his round body that would bulge out when Steve thrusted into Tony. He touched the spot marveling at the feel of his own dick thumping against his nub.
Tony was smitten; he let Steve show him around, Steve dragging him along. Steve was surprisingly strong. Ever thankful that Pepper had packed some money away in the clothing bag. He could pay for the little fish game that Steve was very good at. The little fishes were gifted away to children at the booth. Steve mentioned that they weren’t good for eating.
He needed to get a tracking device installed on Steve, the patriotic turtle was way too quick. Where could he be?
The fish had been massive when he was younger but now it was maybe medium sized, and it avoided trying to nibble on Steve all together so he did his best to chase the stupid thing off by aggressively chasing and hitting it with his entrails. The other cucumbers thanked him and started to follow him on his journey. Which had been a bit of a moral boost for Steve feeling that he finally deserved the Captain title.
“They can see you round.”
“No, the remote did shock him, but he still tries to take it apart, I think he’s afraid of the peanut butter jar.”
Ana jerked away from the kiss.
Tony darted off into the crack, Steve found it odd that the ventral scarring seemed to glow in the dark but thought nothing of it when he realized he was now responsible for two creatures falling into that inky darkness. He unclenched his butt taking in a gulp of fresh sea water. Maybe having a fish back there wasn’t so bad, Rhodey made it sound like a good idea, eyes in the back. Happy had mentioned something about sharing food. Surely having one fish there would prevent other fish from moving in as well.
At least Rhodey would be around, not completely alone. That and when Rhodey’s kit was adopted the puzzle box would be open and they could do some fun tunneling and chewing up the walls. It was a great way to work off the stress of being level headed.
Cap flipped iron tsum off and stacked him. Rubbing his face on Iron tsum’s shiny red shell. The trickery he’d fallen for cap tsum’s ploy. Under his plump cap tsum wasn’t a bad place to be. It was nice he could order the rest of the gifts for the avengers later.
“Of course! You risked your life to get me some stuff, and you saved my life.”
Sure, there was the state of the art gym he’d designed at SI for employees and their families to use. There was also the gym-of-the-future he’d designed for the Avengers, with specific intention to suit each one of them, that he never used. There was also an abundance of exercise facilities in the countless covert SHIELD stations dotted across the eastern seaboard.
“I.. I'd like that.”
“Tony. Victor is my math tutor,” he reiterated again, making sure to stress the ‘math tutor’ part.
“Tsum.”
Steve paused, opened his mouth, closed it, and looked at Natasha. He could hear Sam’s words ring in the back of his head. He probably should have asked before all of this got out of hand.
Steve clamped down on Tony experimentally and Tony wiggled in response. It felt really odd but in a good way. Steve released his muscles and slowly made his way back to the clearing. Tony was still wiggling trying to find the best place. Tail stroking his insides so skillfully Steve paused in his trek to melt.
“I don’t cum as much as you, but I will try my best!”
“Though maybe they’ll get better pilots, probably not but really have to hand it to you. This is memorable. They wanted little old me to scoop you out.”
He kept his tutor, and at first, Tony was a bit possessive, insisting they do the math tutoring at the YMCA so he could keep up with his exercise and the renovations. Steve had a harder time with Tony right there as he studied, and while Tony did his best not to snort at how basic this was he was very vocal in his body language. Victor fixed this by bringing his partner in to keep Tony busy while they resumed math.
It was nice to have some familiarity even if the art program was alien to him, some of the icons for the tools made sense. Though there were quite a few that didn’t, he spent most of the class making pretty gradients, and then gradients over the text, studiously following the teacher’s instructions.
Eventually Clint returned to the bathroom, to continue his messy crimes. When he discovered the medicine cabinet could open, all bets were off. Eyes wide in pleasure as he purred his way around the shelves knocking off things. Sending jars and bottles to the ground without a thought. He sniffed at the lozenges and when that hint of citrus hit his sensitive nose he flinched back batting the bags away.
1. Am I still wearing pants?
“It looks like a blood clot studded with Cheerios,” Steve told him.
“No, but they’ll pay my prices for hand stretched Udon suspended in miso flavored gelatin,” Tony mused.  “Set in antique molds, maybe I’ll slice-”
"You are so neurotic," Steve told him, as Sam plated the french dip sandwich. "I thought I was a head case, but you are lapping me."
2. Are my hands anywhere they shouldn't be in front of a small child?
Steve jerked awake to DJ's enthusiastic yell, and did what he'd come to think of as the Immediate DJ Check:
"You two look like you had a wild night," Sam remarked, which was when Tony let out a strained yelp and dove for his phone. It was like watching someone naked try to find a pillow to cover themselves with. Sam, oblivious to the upset, continued into the kitchen to stow the leftovers. "Jarvis sent some garlic scallion pancakes and a couple'a links of that sausage you like," he called, as Tony madly patted himself down, trying to find the phone.
"Yeah, yeah." Tony rubbed his face as Sam, in the video, started talking about how to select good breads from the grocery store and what to look for in a cold cut. "It's not his problem, it's mine."
"French AND dip, huh?" Bucky asked.
"That's okay!" Sam said. "Up next we're making the DJ Smoothie Special. Now, we're using peanut butter, but you can use almond butter or any other kind of nut butter you like, if your kids have allergies. You can also substitute greek yogurt as a thickening agent, or soft tofu -- "
"The guy who sells spices out of his van?" Sam asked.
in a voice reminiscent of DJ's reaction to tofu.
"That's not really -- "
"I love him!" Bucky said. "He told me I was worshipped as a snow god in a previous life!"
"Did he ever try to sell you his cholesterol-clearing pomegranate curry mix?" Bucky asked.
"What...were you watching?" he asked, horror mingled with glee.
"Is DJ's Cheap Eats!" DJ said, and Sam threw the popcorn at the camera. The standard "Friend, Like, and Follow" end-of-video panel appeared, and Steve patted Tony on the thigh, standing up.
"You can experiment with a lot of oils for making popcorn," Sam said, as DJ continued to shake the pot, "but really cheap-ass canola oil or vegetable oil will work just as well, or air-popping if you have the equipment. What you want to do to really add flavor is to infuse the butter or margarine for the popcorn with some herbs. In this case, because DJ's too little for hot butter -- "
, but instead Bucky reached under the counter in front of them and lifted a laughing, squirming DJ up to shoulder-height.
"I think he dries his herbs on the manifold of his van engine," Sam said. "They're good, I might try it."
"And he's going to put it in the oven and -- there it goes!" Tony crowed. Both of them watched in horrified silence as the camera changed angle to indicate time passing, and the chef reached into the oven to take out the fully-cooked pork belly.
“Because I can USE this,” Tony said.
“Well, not for the restaurant, but I’ll be honest, once I saw that pork roast go up like a Roman candle, I seriously considered it.  We just need a waiver and a few more fire extinguishers around.”
"It's a secret," Steve told him, as the Cheap Eats opening animation ended.
"Why?" Sam asked suspiciously.
"Want to learn how to make your own edible plates and waxed paper packaging?" the man on screen was asking. There was a table behind him covered in bowls of food -- shrimp, it looked like, and some kind of batter, and a huge stack of compressed seaweed.
"He's baking pork belly," Tony said.
"And I'm Bucky Barnes," Bucky added, not quite as naturally cheerful, but Steve could tell he always made an effort.
Steve stared at the ceiling. “Why?” he asked, a prayer or a plea.
"We fell down a hole watching them make hard candies at one point, we made out a little during that," Steve said. "Incidentally I would steer clear of the TOBRU kitchen for the next few days. There's going to be...there'll be a lot of aspic, I guess, is the best warning I can give. Also, I need to know who supplies those crispy potato flakes you use for topping ice cream with," he said to Sam.
“That looks AMAZING,” Tony said, his voice hushed.  Almost reverent.
The YouTube video ended, and Steve reached for Tony's phone, which they were using as a remote.  Before he could manage to grab it, the next video in the ‘recommended’ queue started up with a cheerful run of notes.
“I’m going to get that remote from you sooner or later,” Steve said, untangling himself from Tony's grasp.
Sam came back into the living room, grinning as he watched a chef flip an enormous burger patty.
"DEEP FRY IT," Steve yelled. Tony shrieked in appalled delight. But even as he put the fry basket into the oil, Tony cocked his head.
