“More like I was too lazy and Dummy has yet to master doorknobs,” Tony sarcastically said with a roll of his eyes. Steve chuckled and Tony’s already mending broken heart pulsed with another beat of warmth.
Steve closed his eyes tightly as if he couldn’t bear to look at Tony.
“Alright,” Steve said. Steve went straight to the fridge and opened the door. The refrigerator was sparsely filled compared to the one on the community floor but he still had more than enough for Steve and Peter to snack on. He grabbed the apple sauce and sat Peter on the counter.
But when he did manage to fitfully gasp for breath it nearly knocked him over.
“She broke my heart,” Peter whispered as he reflected on the memory of her death. He could still feel her weight on his webbing and the slight slack it gave as her body rebound off the ground. Yes, she broke his heart, “…When I killed her.”
He hadn't even considered the media…he hadn't really thought about them since…well…since Wade entered his life. He’d foolishly fantasized about introducing him to MJ and the others.
He then pointed his gun down and, in quick order, shot both his knees. Steve fell with a muffled yell of agony. He instinctly fell onto his knees and the pain intensified by tenfold. He fell to his side as a nauseating wave of pain threatened to knock him out.
Steve lightly kissed his cheek and pulled his phone out of his pocket. His voice was all business as he answered, "This is Steve Rogers."
Steve tried to look anywhere but at Tony.
Peter wasn’t revolted by the monster he was…
He tucked the papers under his arm and lifted his huge duffel bag, his shield shifting slightly inside as he did. He explained, “I need to change. Do you have somewhere I can do that?”
With the coast clear, Tony invited the Commandos over and the old team had an emotional reunion.
He felt sick by the prospect.
Tony snorted and mirrored Bucky by crossing his arms across his chest as well. He teased, “Trouble is my middle name.”
Tony just thought of being back in the void again and he nearly whined at the thought. He grasped both his and Steve’s cocks and rubbed them together, frantic for the release he thought he had lost. Steve rutted his hips forward, greedily encouraging the touch.
“The mission was successful,” Jarvis continued. “And Ms. Potts had no trouble in retrieving the arc reactor from the Tower. The Hydra agents who had it locked down are gone. They left as soon as they received word of your attack on the Triskelion. Everyone, with the exception of Captain Rogers, has regrouped at the ‘meet-up’ coordinates. They all report that they are fine and I have relayed the events that occurred to them.” Jarvis paused and then said, “The Winter Soldier left with the Captain and went outside of my sensors with him. The Captain does not have his shield and I will be unable to track him…”
Tony smirked as he remembered the first time he noticed Steve’s telltale sign of lust. The gulp alone made his cock twitch with interest.
“Tony, this isn’t the time or the place,” Steve murmured reproachfully.
Eddie nodded though looked sad and turned to leaved. Peter felt conflicted from being justly angry with him for what he did but also sad because he knew Venom’s pull. He knew how strong it had been to break free with the support of his loved ones. He couldn’t imagine doing it alone.
“It's no problem,” Steve said. He walked over to the door and reminded him, “Ten minutes!”
Iron Man’s picked up his head and he growled, “A son for a son.”
Pepper grabbed his arm and gasped, “What if he hurts you?”
“That’s right,” Tony said, he could almost hear the smile in his voice.
The figures in her spelled cloud froze.
Steve pursed his lips then said, “I don’t know what to think…But maybe Hydra did something to her too and that’s why she is still alive. She might Hulk out like Bruce and I want to know if that is the case before I let her near our son…”
Resolved in the matter, Steve closed his eyes to construct a dream girl to help him out in his current predicament. Steve began to stroke himself as he created her. She’d have Peggy’s body, her dark hair, but not her face, she’d have a quirky mouth, always grinning, and her eyes would be lighter –hazel—and encircled by dark, lush eyelashes. Steve imagined his dream girl closing those beautiful eyes, her lashes fanning her cheeks, and Steve kissed those soft lips –.
But his heart broke because that meant he had to let not only Bucky die...but, Steve, this amazing man, die too.
He pressed his face in the pillow to muffle the scream.
That excitement quickly deflated when he saw no sign of the time traveler around camp. He started to walk back to the command tent but was always cognizant of the fact Tony could “woo” him at any moment.
from the future?”
Peter's arms snaked their way around his neck and held Wade firmly. Their eyes were still locked as Peter whispered, "I love your taco breath."
Natasha sighed and said, “I won’t have you jeopardize your position in the organization. You’ve done beyond what my favor should have cost…We gave him time…hopefully it will be enough. Do your job, Clint. Consider the favor paid.”
Pepper rubbed at her eyes as she chuckled and replied, “Yes, though you might want to go to the coffee place down the block. Hospital coffee is not much to be desired…”
Tony continued, even as people continued to whisper to one another. “The Captain had just woken recently and dug himself out of his grave. He’s no zombie but…his serum saved him. He looks no older than the day he crashed the plane.”
James rubbed his forehead and replied, “Maybe it was from another memory…”
Bucky leaned into his side, burying his face into Steve’s shoulder. Steve wrapped his arm around Bucky’s head and pulled him into a small embrace.
Steve and Tony exchanged shocked glances. Mary seemed to be tolerating their attentions today and yesterday she could barely believe Peter existed. Steve nervously chewed his lip. Tony nodded, giving him the go-ahead with the answer.
With a controlled breath, he left his floor and made his way to Tony’s.
The woman sighed heavily then pulled the form out of the paperwork she was holding. She must have been waiting for him to do this. His going against medical advice must have been common knowledge in SHIELD medical by now. He had done it after nearly every mission they sent him on.
Tony got off the bench and Steve was instantly right next to him on his feet, mirroring his movements. Tony explained, “I have a car waiting for me. We can make our getaway in that before paparazzi start taking notice.”
It was the first time Tony had dreamed without his soulmate by his side. It was so traumatic that he woke in seconds and nearly screamed.
Steve sighed heavily and leaned back into his chair.
“Honey?” Steve murmured in question.
The black mass began to bubble and Wade clutched Peter close to his chest and tried to scoot away as he gasped, “Oh, fuck me with a cactus.”
Steve laughed and cried and whispered encouragement to the figure sleeping on his chest.
, Steve,” Bruce gasped, looking more wide awake than he had for the last week. “You are the love of his life! Y-You’re like the sun to him! Are you really going to take the light out of Tony’s life??”
Wade and MJ were still gossiping on the couch, laughing at nearly every other thing the other would say; his dad was talking with Betty and Ned, probably grilling them on every little factor from his life in high school; and his fellow interns were playing pool with Clint, Bucky, and Steve…they didn’t stand a chance. Everyone was having a good time. There was no drama about who he was related to and there were no emergencies for the team to go running after. His best friend and his boyfriend liked each other. And his friends seemed fine with his superhero family.
Time passed slowly for Tony with nothing but marching, hunching over fires, eating unappetizing dry food, charging the suit, unpacking tents, and repacking them on constant repeat.
When Tony added a third finger, Steve threw back his head let out a moaning scream.
“Old. So old we cannot properly date it,” the man retorted. “It was degraded and could have been there for days, weeks, even years.”
,” Peter hissed.
“Very,” Bucky said and he shot the imposter in the leg. The imposter yelped and dropped to the ground.
Tony hovered by his side as they escorted him to the lab technician. The young man stared star-struck at him and shook a little as he swabbed the inside of Steve’s cheek with an elongated q-tip. He plucked a few hairs from his head with just as much nervousness.
"Of course, he's my husband and I didn't realize it was supposed to be a secret," Steve retorted.
Steve noticed and gently tapped Tony’s shoulder and murmured, “Hey, you’re falling asleep before me. Stay awake.”
Still grinning, Tony replied, “G’night, Cap.”
“I should be detaining Sergeant Barnes right now,” Coulson stated with a frown. “But out of respect to you and the horrors he went through, I am not going to. He is your responsibility. Whatever he does will be your burden. After all of this, I want him locked down in the Tower and if he even hurts another American citizen, he
“Nothing,” Natasha murmured again.
Peter had pushed with all of his strength so his father went flying from the bed, hit the opposite wall, and crumpled to the ground with a groan. Fresh blood began to trickle down the older man’s arm where the needle delivering his father’s pain medication was torn out of his flesh.
“Where to, Sir?” Jarvis asked as the doors closed.
“Dereliction of duty,” Fury stated.
got married and that hasn’t even sunk in yet.”
“Daybreak.”
Peter pressed his face deeper into his shoulder and Steve lightly rubbed his back.
“Actually, believe it or not, I have never been to the Met and have always wanted to go there,” Steve replied as he brushed some hair off Tony’s forehead.
“Sir, I informed your parents of the situation and they informed me to tell you that they’d be happy to share lunch with you instead,” Friday stated.
“Why don’t I take Peter with me down to my workshop while you talk to him?” Tony suggested. “Pete can build his Pops something awesome while Uncle Tony builds an almost as awesome helmet for his Mark 43.”
“No,” Peter gasped. Knowing Gwen, she would knock him across the head and call him a dummy for acting this way. He smiled sadly, imagining her doing just that.
Steve smiled warmly as he imagined Tony’s pinched expression of disgust and slinked out of the train yard without anyone noticing him.
The doors were not locked and swung silently inward. The room was dark with the exception of a dim glow from single lamp on the desk. The light from the hall flooded the room.
“Jarvis, we need subtitles!” Tony hissed and everyone leaned forward, even Bruce, who looked quite sheepish as he did it.
Within his host’s mind, thoughts of his host’s family battled against Venom’s tactics. The memory of the super-humans acted as a shield and provided a hopeful resolve in the boy that was going to be their downfall.
(See the end of the chapter for
soulmate.
Steve was quick to escape his underwear and help Tony out of his. He then pressed Tony back down onto the bed and traveled down Tony’s body to stay true to his promise. He took Tony in his mouth and had him orgasm into it.
“Still, you are a graduate student living with superheroes. That must disrupt some of your study time.”
“I am positive we will meet again,” Jarvis stated to him. “You are the smartest man of your century,
He went to his room first. He went straight to his closet and avoided the clothes Tony had left on the floor. He had not wanted to touch them until Tony came back and now…His mind went blank.
“Yes, I’m pretty smart. I’m not just good at climbing walls,” Peter retorted.
“…The beginning of May,” Tony whispered. He couldn’t remember the exact date when the war ended in Europe, but he knew it was in May because Steve was going to die in April and it was another dark irony to his story that he passed before seeing the war end. He pictured a scene from one of the movies about him of a news paper with an April date proclaiming Steve’s death fading to another newspaper headline in May proclaiming the end of the war.
He did not hear the rest of her sentence as his ears were ringing from a sudden impact to his head. He fell to his knee and people started laughing behind him.
The darkness encircled them and Steve knew they had only a handful of seconds left.
Tony's hands snapped forward and grabbed his wonderfully romantic fiance's shirt. He pulled him into a deep kiss, unable to hold himself back upon Steve's words. Steve was right. From now on, where ever they were, they'd be together.
After an eternity of silence, Steve grasped his thigh and Tony jerked under the touch.
Steve shook his head to rid himself of his petty fears. He could do this. He survived worse than this. He would not lose until he gave up and there was no way Steve would ever give up.
He read the italicized city name several times before, with a gaping mouth, he gasped, “We’re in Malibu.”
“There is an attack at SHIELD HQ. They are requesting the Avengers’ assistance,” Jarvis informed them.
“It’s actually perfect timing,” Natasha replied. “He needs to cut back on everything. Taking a week to celebrate is just what he needs.”
“Holy fuck,” Tony gasped, grasping Steve’s arms tightly.
Tony looked the man up and down again, a little discouraged. Tony had literally just started to consider forming the Avengers with Steve after their interaction with Fury.
He held up his hands, letting the glow from his repulsors illuminate the room. Dust was everywhere, casting the room with a strange grey tone, accented by the light blue glow of his repulsors.
Tony took Rogers straight to his tower and flew him into the penthouse.
With his heart racing, Steve replied, “Maybe I’m not looking for a wife…maybe I’m looking for a husband?”
Steve’s silence felt oppressive within the first few seconds but Tony refused to turn around to face him. Eventually, Steve left. His footsteps echoed loudly in the small lab.
“So…He’s not going to, hem…” Steve cleared his throat and awkwardly asked, “Hulk out?”
“On it,” Tony chipped and a little resentment boiled in his gut at the thought of somebody being hurt in
The paparazzi always barraged Tony with questions about his sex life, the supposed new alcohol or drug scandal of the week, the dangers of his Iron Man suit, telling him who hated him, telling him who hated him but wanted to fuck him…
Steve stared at Tony with an equally shocked expression.
Steve was instantly worried for his soulmate.
Steve inhaled deeply and willed himself to do as Tony requested. Tony entered deeper than Steve ever thought possible and stretched him more than his fingers ever could. Steve bit down on his lip and groaned deeply as the sensation shook his system.
And he didn’t know he wasn’t a morning person…
“Steven Grant Rogers and James Buchanan Barnes,” she stated in return. “Two boys from Brooklyn. You grew up together, fought together, and nearly died together. Steve did not want to fight you, remember?”
Masked mercenaries poured out of the two doorways, all with their guns pointed at him and Tony.
“What’d you just tell it?” Steve asked.
What would Tony do if he pushed him against the wall right now with no one there to see them? Steve gulped as he was tempted by the idea.
Tony grinned and slipped his hand behind Steve’s neck and nestled his hand there and one of his fingers reached up and caressed the base of his hair. Steve stiffened for only a second then relaxed. To the lawyers, hopefully it would only look to be a twitch from surprise. Tony smiled warmly at him and Steve leaned into his touch and returned the smile.
Iron Man’s faceplate was blank and emotionless but Steve could not look away from it as the repulsor blasts broke through his body. He couldn’t breathe but he also didn’t feel any pain. He couldn’t physically feel anything. Emotionally, he was all over the place, especially for Tony. He reached out to him but fell before he could touch him.
“So I failed again,” Bucky stated misinterpreting his words.
“MJ,” Peter warned, knowing his friend too well.
…Did he just inadvertently tell her he was interested in Steve?
Haha once again thank you for reading! I hope you enjoyed the story!
His belt was with Natasha. She had yet to change out the now empty clip.
Bruce was making quite a ruckus as he turned on various machines and Tony came in a few minutes after Steve sat on the examination table.
Which was why he was still sitting in the back of the car after Happy picked him up and parked in the underground garage. His mask was on and he was clutching his hands tightly, trying to work up the courage to remove it for Peter. He ignored Happy as the man tried to beckon him out of the car.
Two different forces looking for Steve. Who will find him first? (Hint: it's in the title for chapter three!)
“Papa.”
Tony face fell when he realized Steve was not going to say anything to prove him wrong. Seeing Tony like that totally broke Steve. He got off his bike, dropped his helmet, and grabbed Tony just as he was stepping away.
“Wish it was under better circumstances,” Gabe stated ironically. He gently turned Tony’s head to the side and inspected the wound. As he looked, Bucky and Peggy came into the tent and went straight to them.
“We…Colonel Phillips has declared him MIA but…” Her breath shuddered and she whispered, “Tony told Steve he wouldn’t survive this mission but he went anyways. That wonderfully, stupid brave man refused to let Hydra win.”
“…James,” she whispered her voice sounded small as it was being crushed by the weight of all her grief and lost years. “His name was James.”
Wade leaned onto the locker beside Peter’s and his massive body blocked Peter’s leaner form easily. Peter quickly changed into his gym shorts and willed Venom into a smaller shirt.
Bruce carefully whispered, “I dosed myself with gamma-radiation when I was 29. I had no control of the Hulk back then and killed a lot of people.” Peter’s face pinched tightly with sorrow and he looked like he was going to cry so Bruce leaned in closer and quickly rushed, “Peter – Peter, I know what you’re going through right now…I know you blame yourself. I know you are disgusted with yourself. I know…I know you feel as if you’d rather have died in their place…”
“I never imagined Captain America bunking down in a place like this,” the stranger stated, breaking the silence. Steve laughed and Tony’s faltered in his steps.
“This asshole knows where Steve is and you’re too busy playing the
Steve furrowed his eyebrows and he asked, “But how will you survive? You can’t stay in that machine all day.”
. I’d take that over a hand any day.”
Neither Tony nor Coulson asked anymore of him and they drove back to the tower in relative silence.
DUM-E tugged on Steve’s hand, pulling him away from Tony. Steve stood and asked the robot, with dancing eyes, “Do you want to take me somewhere?”
Tony landed next to them a moment later and gently placed his hand on Peter’s chest. Peter’s suit gave a light pulse in response as Tony connected to it.
Tony turned back to Steve with his wily grin in place. Steve returned the smile warmly and somewhat embarrassedly. Tony’s eyes took in Steve: his torn clothing, his sweat coated skin, and the dirt that had collected on him from sitting on the ground. He was probably uncomfortable with Tony sitting on top of him and with his shoulders pressed into the cinderblocks.
The tension escalated when Steve placed his hands on Stark’s shoulders. Stark could not see Steve’s face but maybe he could sense his husband’s wrath. Wade was both scared and fascinated. He’d never seen Steve this angry and he’d fought with the Avengers against Hydra.
Growing up together they’d always been each other’s support. They were stronger for it. Bucky listened to Steve’s fears, held his hand, and reminded him that, no matter what happened with Tony, Bucky was there for him…til the end of the line.
“Thanks, J,” Tony murmured. Jarvis was pretty much piloting the suit at this point too because Tony could not tear his eyes off the man in his arms.
“I can go to the west side of the building, the furthest area from Steve, and cause a scene to draw most of his forces to me. Schmidt would fight to get me alive. Then you guys can come in the east and get Steve,” Tony stated, already coming up with half a dozen ways he could do it.
He caught a glimpse of the dark car and Tony, void of his cap and sunglasses, slid back through the crowd to his side. He positioned himself in front of Steve and Peter and helped block Peter from the reporters with his body.
” like it was being wretched out of his very soul.
Ever since he proposed, Steve hadn’t left his side and was more insatiable than ever. Not that Tony minded. Oh no, he gladly kept close to his fiancé, especially if it meant more moments like this one.
“Well I was about to climax but then Friday informed me you left the building even though I told you not to do so,” Tony grumbled.
She was originally brought in as an orphan with no financial support and, as such, she would have never been able to afford buying an implant of her own. In the Soviet Union, soul implants were rare and only the upper class and wealthy could buy them, the rest of the population had no way of knowing who their mates were.
Weary, after fighting against the Chitauri, Steve held onto Tony as he flew them back to the Penthouse. It was the only way to get to it as all of the elevators were down and they were not going to climb up all those stories in the shape they were in.
She will back down…for now.
Just thinking of the warm rays of the sun was enough to set him into motion.
Wade reread the message and made more loud, disgruntled noises.
“The Palladium is the root of the problem,” Howard stated without falter. “So we just need to pull out the weed and replace it with a healthier alternative.”
It felt like ages since he last kissed Steve in bed. The normalcy from it felt near orgasmic and he moaned into Steve’s mouth. He pressed his mouth harder into the other’s, wanting more but Steve broke it with a smirk. He whispered, “Your son and probable future son-in-law are in the room right now, Honey.”
“I think if he’s masturbating to you then he is definitely attracted to you,” she stated.
“Jarvis said you ordered it last night. Apparently, there are new clothes in here for Bucky, which, by the way, is clearly not enough for a proper wardrobe if it can all fit in this box!”
“And if that help never comes?”
And then SHIELD and Fury arrived.
“How much longer until I can see Tony?” Steve asked. The last he saw him, he thought he was dead. He desperately wanted to affirm with his own eyes this was not the case.
“Who did this?”
But then the Avengers were called to assemble when Loki of Asgard started to threaten the planet with invasion.
The imposter dropped his head and his entire form began to change. His body shrunk and his face paled and became a light silver. Steve’s face turned into a featureless metal mask, two dark blue eyes glared at them from slits in the mask.
“Yes,” Ben whispered.
“You aren’t involved. You were never here. Go back to Brooklyn and continue your search,” she whispered. “I’ll keep an eye on Stark and his guest here. I'll make sure they don’t get into any trouble."
Tony held up a thumbs up and Steve smile stretched a little wider. Tony, he discovered, was not a morning person but it was really cute.
When Steve finally pulled back, he sniffed loudly and lightly pressed a few kisses on top of Tony’s head.
Steve groaned, “Pops is going to strangle Dad soon if he continues.”
Steve felt like he could easily slip into a panic attack and could already feel his breath quickening but he forced himself to remain calm. Steve lived in the dreamscape. All he had to do was think of something and it would happen. He closed his eyes and wished to be by Tony’s side. Everything around him became darker and Steve opened his eyes.
“Stop,” Peter whispered. His smile grew larger but the light chuckle that ran through him was painful. Peter grinned through it all and roughly teased, “You’re making me blush…”
to get discovered??”
,” the memory of Tony’s words whispered in his ear.
Venom did not hear his words. All he could hear was his own voice in his mind chanting a single word:
“Hey!” She exclaimed and sharply tapped the top of his pillow with her papers. “Wakey time, Pete.”
“…But what about Tony?” Howard whispered. “What if, even with these protections, he still gets hurt?”
A few days later, Tony, Steve, and Bucky all gathered together in Steve and Tony’s kitchen to discuss Project Winterwidow Part Three. In the living room, Peter and Harry were playing.
“Steve?”
They only stayed together for a year. Tony found out she was cheating on him and broke it off. He was devastated and Steve knew she was the cause of it as soon as they returned to a dark and dreary landscape.
“But, you are in distress,” Wade pointed out.
Good God…not him too.
“Fuck it. Fuck all of it,” Tony retorted harshly. “I’ll go in your place. You’re not going to die.”
Peter turned around to watch Steve walk up to the table. He went straight to Tony and placed his hands on his shoulders. His father instantly leaned into Steve but Wade did not react to Steve’s presence.
But all he could think about was how much he loved and cherished this man.
“B-But I was frozen since the plane crashed!” Steve gasped. “
They took comfort from each other’s warmth and, for several minutes, shared a silence that neither had to ponder over.
,” Peter replied, rolling his eyes at her.
Tony’s mouth dropped his then he pushed himself off the counter and said, “Help? Yes, I can. Good idea. I’m glad to do it! Don’t want you straining yourself…We’re up to four fantasies now by the way.”
“I’ll call Clint, he’ll join you. And once you know…Please, let me know,” Coulson said and his voice grew lighter from sorrow.
He fell to his knees and Steve crouched beside him within seconds of his fall.
Ben smiled warmly and replied, “Yes, he is the sweetest boy I know.”
They went into a quiet neighborhood that was in ruins. Tony’s eyes scanned the perimeter until he saw a decent structure that would hide them from any prying eyes.
Peter got into the rhythm of cutting peppers before he finally asked, “Where’s dad?”
A hologram appeared above Tony’s workstation. At first, the screen glowed white but then it flickered with an image and a brunette appeared on screen.
“I’m in,” Tony chirped, sitting up straighter. Upon Coulson’s glare, Tony reiterated, “As long as Steve’s okay with it,
“I’m sorry,” Tony gasped, his voice breaking.
So, Peter easily reasoned, the mass of blackened flesh could not be Pops.
“So after gaining our trust, deceiving my son so he thought you were his biological mother, and then practically killing him all because a big green fairy tale creature told you to…you suddenly are starting to feel a little remorseful.”
Tony felt a spike of fear stab itself into his heart but he did not let it show on his face. All of those criminals Peter was responsible for putting away…or the villains he dealt with, with the Avengers. None of them knew how to get revenge because they didn’t know who Spider-Man was.
Peter had no idea what the Multi-verse was but he translated it into something akin the vastness of the known universe so he felt humbled by it. He retorted, “Then I’m the luckiest Peter Parker.”
Tony chuckled and said, “No worries. First off, do you want to fuck me or shall I fuck you? I’m fine either way.”
Tony snuggled into Steve’s side. All of his husband’s muscles were soft and relaxed and it reminded him of a giant teddy bear. Sighing contently, Tony agreed, “30 minutes…”
Peter slid out of Wade’s arms and walked to the center of the room. Video cameras were in all four corners and he knew he was being watched from every direction.
–please call me,” she whispered, her voice harsh with emotion.
It was a loaded question filled with so many layers of emotion that Tony felt his chest tighten from the weight of it.
His thoughts instantly turned to Peggy, waiting in that dance hall all alone. Peggy was an old lady now…if she was still alive that is.
“Yup,” Tony replied, popping the “P” with a loud smack of his lips. He asked, “I know it’s frowned upon in this era but is it really that bad if there’s even an inkling of Captain America being gay?”
Steve stared blankly at Bucky, his lips still tingling from being kissed so forcefully. He looked down at his lap as he processed his words. He made the conscious decision to speak the truth.
Tony grumbled something unintelligible in response and buried his face deeper into the pillows.
Peter settled down quickly once he was in Steve’s arms. His crying exhausted him and he fell asleep in Steve’s hold in a matter of minutes.
How many more times would he be forced to do nothing as Tony struggled to hang on?
Wade cleared his throat and muttered, “This went from possibly getting in your pants to wallowing in our drinks. Major bummer.”
Wade's lips wobbled as he mouth tried to decide if he was going to smile or cry.
But his rubber bullets didn’t hit their mark.
No. This wasn’t an “
“Alone at last,” Tony said with a content stretch and then yawned loudly.
“You look great in any kind of suit,” Wade purred. “But I prefer the spandex.”
to know he’s alive…”
“Alright, here we go,” Eddie said and dropped his stockpile of projectiles on a nearby counter. He picked up his first choice, the textbook Peter had just been reading, and threw it at Peter.
“The recess will last another ten minutes,” Marcel continued. “You two don’t have to go in just yet.”
Steve laughed at the overt flirtation and behind them Tony must have overheard them because he hissed, “
“Hey, what are dads for?”
Tony got to his feet and reached out to him. He gasped, “Peter-!”
“Only hot dogs in the west,” Steve replied. Tony shook his head. By the sound of Steve's garbled voice, he knew someone was coming home with onion-relish breath and he was going to make that someone brush his teeth before kissing a certain genius.
19 years was a long time...He didn't know what he was going to find and that was the most frightening part. What had become of his son in all of those years? How different was he from Tony? How much happier was he without him?...and how much better off was he without Tony in his life?
After a moment of reflection, he typed out: ‘Thank you.’
Bucky was alive.
Wade sighed again but, this time it was more contently. He adjusted his arms around Peter and pulled him into a proper embrace. Peter began to lightly run his fingers across Wade’s spine and Wade closed his eyes as he relaxed.
Steve crawled back up his body with a happy grin fixated on his face. He fell into the sand at Tony’s side and Tony grinned goofily at him.
Shivers went back down his spine again but, for an entirely different reason and Tony tilted his head back, tracing his nose along Steve’s jaw.
Steve held onto him tightly, probably too tightly, hurting Tony in the process but Tony gave no word of complaint. He guided Steve down the private walk until they reached the end that opened up to the more public part of the studio. Steve and Tony separated just as they planned. Steve dropped his hand to his side while Tony stuffed his hands in his pocket. They did not want any premature photos or tweets to be released just yet.
memory stored on the RAM!?”
Steve wanted him to be a part of his family. He also wanted to be a father to him. A few years ago, he didn’t have anyone in his life that could consider a father…and now he had
“There’s no need to pay me back, I was just doing my patriotic duty,” Tony said with his teasing smile. Steve learned long ago to not take his mockery personally but he could not help but roll his eyes upon Tony’s jibe.
He didn’t care what kind of consultant work or what national travesty had happened because Tony’s very world ended today.
“Pepper!” Tony gasped. The fire cleared and Pepper stepped out. The fire licked at her glowing body, its caress caused no damage.
“I’m the real Captain America!” Steve gasped.
“About?” Steve inquired, playing with Tony in their now flirtatious game. He placed his hand right next to Tony's head and leaned over him but did not touch him. Steve was still denying himself…but he wasn't going to have to any longer.
This time, however, the prosecution questioned everyone the defense put forward. They tried to trip his friends into saying the wrong thing or bringing about any falsehoods they were keeping silent about. None of them fell for it, though Thor became frustrated by “the law man’s two-facedness and inane inquires” and, in favor of a reply to some of the more farfetched questions, Natasha merely glared the head prosecutor down until he moved onto the next question.
The drinking, however, was a regular topic between them. If Tony went to bed drunk, he was usually still tipsy in the dreamscape.
Howard was already shoving food into his mouth and he bluntly asked, "Does Jacques like him?"
“Agent, let’s just say I’m looking to out-do my dad and the first step is getting some information on that shield.”
Overall, Steve felt the first day went very well. There were no outbursts from Tyler and his friends had presented who he really was to the jurors. From their testimony, the jurors had to get a sense of who he was as a person and understand he would never do the crime he was being charged for.
,” Steve hissed. He pulled at his bonds and growled, “I’d die before I’d let you do that!”
Tony obliged and turned his camera back on. They pressed closer to each other and Tony snapped a photo as they both smiled at the screen. Steve moved in, kissed his cheek, and Tony snapped another photo. Steve grasped the side of his face and drew his mouth to his prompting Tony to take another picture. As their kissing progressed, Tony was able to snap a few more photos before he dropped his phone and devoted his full attention to Steve.
“Barton,” Natasha growled. She hovered over Tony’s shoulder and had been looking at the holograms but she sparred a moment to shoot her partner an icy glare. “Dig out the bullet. Tell us what we are dealing with.”
Steve’s entire body stiffened and he looked to Tony. As soon as the Goblin had his hands on the time glove, he went back and to get the reactor to kill Tony.
Steve’s eyes fell to the ground and he put his hand on his hip. He repeated into the phone, “Yes.”
“No, not little, far from little.
He could get that dance with his best girl.
Indeed, it will, Howard silently agreed.
Peter’s eyebrows rose when they said his name. The weirdness factor rose to defcon-ten.
Peter’s stomach clenched as he remembered the feedings. They were his most vivid memories and probably will be as such for the rest of his life.
Steve had never before been so scared in his life.
. He remembered you over me. There’s your answer. I am pissed because after all these years and after what we shared because he remembered
“Detective-?” What was his name again?
And Wade loved him back.
“V-Venom,” Eddie gasped. “Venom’s gone! Somebody took it!”
you want to know the dirty details?” Tony asked, putting down his own cards and smirking at Bucky with teasing smile.
“No..?”
Peter’s brows pursed tightly together in confusion and he sarcastically replied, “Access to the ISS Science Labs?”
Their corridor was like the other two: dark and narrow. Steve led the way, hunched behind his shield on one arm and holding a cocked gun in the other. Tony followed him closely with his hand repulsors glowing with a ready blast to light their way and to attack their unknown enemy.
“I was only following orders. I am supposed to kill my soulmate.
!” Peter demanded, his face was twisted with anger.
Tony glanced knowingly at Steve and Tony replied, “Great. In fact, more than great,
If he was remembering last night correctly, the pressure on his other arm was where Natasha was sleeping; Bruce was sleeping snuggled up to his mate, Betty, on one end of the couch; Clint was laying on the other end of the couch by Steve, with Steve’s tie wrapped around his head, which was currently tickling Steve’s forehead; and, last but not least, the mighty Thor was curled into a happy ball in the space between Steve and Natasha’s legs.
– from the closest pockets of civilization?
Bucky pulled back, his lips slightly red from Steve’s, attesting to what he just did. He hissed, “Don’t look for me.”
“Shut up, punk,” he replied. Their rude nicknames for each other was one of the first things he remembered about Steve. He hoped he used it justly and from the corner of his eye he saw the other man smile again. James felt a fraction better.
Natasha settled behind Tony with her hip jutted to the side. She looked through the holograms to Steve and held his gaze as she said, “It is Sergeant James Barnes, the Winter Soldier.” She sighed and said more pointedly to Steve, “It was Bucky, Steve.”
As Peter opened his eyes and took him in, he knew he must have looked bad by the horror in his lover’s eyes. His body was a mess of punctures and he had a few of Venom’s tendrils inside of him, destroying his insides like vengeful worms. His lungs were torn up and flapping uselessly in his chest, making his breathing sound like sand in an exhaust pipe.
Steve was too shocked to speak or move. Just a moment ago, he was ecstatic. Tony confessed to loving him. And now…He dumbly repeated, “R-Rape?”
“Yes…What happened?” Bruce asked, his voice growing grave as he heard the tension in Steve’s tone.
“I am going to see him! No –
“Captain Rogers has been found,” Jarvis announced from his laptop. Tony’s fingers froze on the keyboard and he exchanged looks with Bruce. Sam was gone and he was his new companion. He’d come straight from the safe house and relieved Sam of Tony watching duty around sunrise.
Steve left without a word to anyone. He feared Ben would be the voice of reason. Or, with one look at Peter, he would realize how stupid he was being. Bruce would have done all within his power, save using the Hulk, to stop him and would probably have SHIELD on him before he stepped outside the building. Thor could do nothing because he was still in California, refusing to give up.
Peter shivered, not liking this information at all.
Steve exhaled loudly in relief and hovered worriedly beneath the rabbit. Peter was just out of reach and fairly high up. He gasped, “How on Earth did you get up there?”
, Ben wouldn’t want you to do it if it put you at risk.”
“…Coulson, is that all you really wanted of me?” The Captain asked with a weary expression. He had been sitting at the table ever since he got there but he looked tired and sad.
He was able to down them all in a few seconds and threw the last one through one of the walls. A sort of warehouse was beyond that and he jumped through without a second thought. Alarms started to go off and Steve’s heart was beginning to race from adrenaline.
“SPUTNIK!” Peter excitedly screamed.
“I do, J,” Tony said quickly, not ready to hear it said aloud just yet, especially from the soothing, familiar voice of his AI. He repeated breathlessly, “I do…”
.” Steve began to move his hand and Tony gasped, “And there’s the cherry on top! Yes. So yes...”
“Tony!” Steve hissed, his voice tight in his panic.
“Yes, thanks, water, please,” a male stranger replied.
Steve did not look convinced but he did not push the matter. He gently rubbed Tony’s back and murmured, “Okay…If you’re really…”
“I think you destroyed the battlefield for anyone trying to even attempt to go after me,” Steve replied. “I don’t think I will be able to love another like you.”
Steve ignored the Red Skull in favor of focusing on one important factor in trying to escape: he wasn’t healing as quickly as he used to. The cold room and the handful of bites they fed him weren’t enough to sustain his healing ability. His entire body ached with cuts, bruises, and burns. The Red Skull was relentless and it made Steve weaker for it.
Steve walked down the once familiar halls, seeing the ghosts of their past in every shadow and around every turn. He had kissed Tony in that alcove...had marveled watching Iron Man fly out that window...and had laughed with Bucky and the other Comandos tracing the same steps he and Sam followed.
Yeah, Tony heard his dad, but he had also done the math. No more Hydra meant zero Hydra. Something that is dead
Steve did a quick interview with a news crew and then Sam guided him through the hospital. No news crews were there as Steve comforted patients and exchanged words with worried or grieving families.
“Then follow me,” she retorted and opened the door.
When Steve looked up from his soup, he saw Tony watching him with a burning gaze.
Clint jumped out of the quinjet before they landed and Natasha was right behind him like she was his shadow. Bruce landed the quinjet with a large jolt and he murmured a sheepish, “Sorry.”
Steve was handcuffed to the wall by a magnetic cuff and was pulling at it while fighting off over half a dozen men. An electric baton was jabbed into Steve’s side and his entire body tensed with pain. With a snarl, Tony broke into the elevator and took out half its occupants by slamming into them. He went straight for the man wielding the baton and smashed him into the wall. Tony grabbed him and knocked him into the wall a few more times until his body was flopping like a rag doll and only then did he drop him. He turned around to see Steve had used his distraction to tear the cuff off the wall and take care of the remaining men.
“Are you supposed to be the great spider boy?” Tony asked with a grin.
“Do we have any description on this guy?” Tony leaned in and asked.
“Steve,” someone whispered and gently grasped his shoulders.
Peter sat in his new high chair with Ben sitting in front of him. Cheerios were spread out across the tray in front of him and he and Ben seemed to be playing a game with them. Ben also looked up when they entered and smirked to himself before turning his attention back to Peter.
“What’s my prize?” Tony asked, his voice low and suggestive.
Pepper ignored Tony and placed the shirt back into the box and then put the box into Bucky’s one available arm. She commanded, “Take a shower and then change into these. After that, we can go out before the sun goes down to get you two outside.”
Tony’s pulse instantly picked up and he let the photos fall carelessly back onto the dresser. Who was this man? Why did Steve invite him in his apartment? Why was he giving him water??
When the lights went out and they were immersed in darkness, Wade placed his hand over Peter’s on the armrest. Peter’s first response was to freeze but he forced his muscles to relax as his heart began to hammer dangerously fast in his chest. He hoped Wade couldn’t feel his pulse. He considered Wade’s actions though. Peter could pull his hand away and deter anymore of Wade’s advances without a word…It could go back to fun flirtations and nothing serious.
Tony got what he wanted.
The pleasant expression she wore melted off her face to be replaced by one of indifference. She slowly lowered her hand as she listened to his footsteps as he got further away.
Peter grinned excitedly at Eddie and he forgot about everyone else in the lab. He gasped, “We need to expand the sample!”
He was crying in seconds and Peter joked as he blubbered, “Are you sure you want to adopt this?”
His dad collected Peter into his arms and whispered in a hushed voice, “It’s okay, buddy. I’m here. You’re safe. The nightmares are over…”
was the ultimate cockblock.
“Neither of us are…heck, we still have glass on the floor at home and we don’t even have a wall in the kitchen! He can crawl out into open air! It’s nowhere near baby proof!! But…But I don’t want to give him up…” Steve inserted one of his fingers into Peter’s tiny palm and Peter tightly grasped it. “I wanted…want to start a family with you, Tony…and both of us expected it would happen later but you know our luck with timelines.”
“Me neither,” Tony sighed. Tony rubbed his nose into Steve’s and smiled sadly at him. Steve pressed up and stole a quick kiss to share in the comfort.
Natasha showed no pain and kicked both legs into Bucky’s chest before she could fall to the ground, shooting herself away from him and making him stumble back. Bucky caught himself and charged forward. He swung his fist at her head again and this time she did not dodge but threw up her arm to block him then threw her other fist out to punch him. Bucky caught her hand and, for a moment, they both strained under each other’s strength.
Bucky couldn’t stand this. He couldn’t wait till they were done marching and they could begin their search for Zola…only then would he finally be able to help them.
“You’re the reason he’s here?” Tony haltingly confirmed, “He…he’s here to stay, right?”
Peter ran his tiny hands gently over the fabric and whispered, “Thank you.”
Peter sighed heavily to himself and wished Eddie would get there sooner.
Enraged, Tony pulled him off Steve and screamed, “Get your filthy hands off him!”
“Well I should help those fools in R&D with the technical side of the investigation,” Tony murmured. Tony smiled at him but there was nothing in it. It was hallow and devoid of emotion.
Peter felt his Pops tense beneath him and he lifted his head to see what was wrong. He was going to look at Pops but was instantly distracted by the look of utter devastation on Uncle Tony’s face.
God, he was so stupid.
Pepper snatched back the paper and put her hand over the mouthpiece on her phone. She put the paper on the desk and stated, “Friday, scan the names and send out the electronic invitations.”
“I’m still adjusting to the fact that I’m in this era,” Steve chuckled, gently drawing his fingers under Tony’s shirt.
…” Tony picked up his head, his eyes red and dripping with tears, and he whispered, “I thought, once I was your age, I would find you, and save you, and we…we could…”
Behind him, Jarvis continued to stare at the back of his head with its unwavering gaze but, with Tony's decision, the MK 15 inscription on Iron Man’s chest faded away, like it had never been inscribed there in the first place.
Tony, Steve, and the rest of the Avengers tried to ignore it all and live out their lives as normally as possible. Yet, whenever they went out, they were hounded by reporters for their opinion.
Jarvis did not reply and Tony said, "Look...just find me a popular, lengthy Hallmark card and I'll read off that all sentimentality...I can't tell him all of that."
They went back upstairs, tracing the same route they had taken when Steve first arrived. Tony led him into the bedroom and then to the connected en-suite bathroom. As Steve took it all in, Tony leaned against the edge of his tub…that was thrice the size of a normal tub.
Tony did not feel the impact. He was in his growing tower, adding the finishing touches to his lab. Several floors below him, he could hear a construction crew doing the same to one of the less important floors (Human Resources).
Tony pushed himself off the bed and murmured, “I’m going to take a shower and then you are going to get the sponge bath the doctor ordered.”
“Yes, sir,” Coulson replied. “I’m positive it’s him.”
Bucky slowly swallowed his food and his eyes flicker up to the flowers then back down to his plate. He whispered, “I read online about the language of flowers…and purple hyacinths mean: sorrow and I am sorry.” His eyes flickered up and brushed over Natasha then fell down to her plate. Bucky whispered, “And ‘Please forgive me.’”
“D-Da-a-ad?” The mangled word passed through those elongated fangs but Tony had been able to understand it and, by the shocked silence from the team, everyone else seemed to understand it too. Even Bruce, froze in his search and looked up at the screens with shocked eyes.
They waited until the alert was raised at the base, signaling the Avengers’ attack, and then they moved in.
He stepped aside and Peggy went to Tony’s bedside. She sat on the bed next to him and gently shook his shoulder to wake him. Tony woke but his consciousness was slow to surface. He struggled to focus on Peggy but, once he did, he slurred, “Aunt Peggy?”
Being together was becoming normal and it was something he started to need and enjoy. He couldn’t imagine his life without her and he did not let himself linger on such thoughts. They were supposed to be together until he finished training her. After, they were supposed to return to their respective masters and most likely never see each other again. Thinking about their bleak future ultimately made him think of other possible futures which made him physically ill because he’d then be disobeying his master and that was not allowed.
Uncle Bucky stalked up to him and Peter could see his uncle’s right arm was trembling. He could tell his uncle was battling with his fragile psyche and Peter wondered how afraid he should be at that moment.
Clint got a priority assignment over her because she was busy with Steve.
The Chameleon hissed from the smack and murmured, “Someone
Just Tony saying the words brought his emotions on high and reminded him how close he came to losing him. Neither of them were the young men they had been when they first met, but time did not diminish the strong feelings he had for the man in the opposite bed. Tony was truly his everything.
“Where would they keep Steve?” She asked him.
The VIP section was roped off and the entrance to the private room was guarded by two big burly men. Peter walked straight up to the door and they immediately blocked his way.
He felt Wade’s heart racing beneath his touch but Peter’s heart was beating faster. He felt a stirring within him, something he hadn’t felt in years… Peter pushed himself up and hovered over Wade.
Something unknown flickered in Tony’s eyes that Steve was unable to interpret. Steve slid one knee onto the bed beside Tony and cupped the back of Tony’s neck to pull him into another kiss as he hunched over him. Tony pressed himself into Steve and Steve’s arms immediately secured Tony to Steve’s person, trying to get as much of Tony’s body in contact with Steve’s as possible despite the fact that Steve was still standing with one foot on the ground. Tony pressed one hand to the middle of Steve’s back to keep their kiss going and then the other to his behind to encourage his hips to move against Tony’s stomach.
Flushing slightly, Steve murmured, “I said some things to you that were uncalled for before…this.” Steve waved to his soul implant and continued, “You are not incompetent. You are a good man and I am sorry for insinuating any differently.”
Steve closed the magazine and looked up to the man that was
“Ass,” Tony retorted with a smirk.
“Steve,” Tony desperately whined. “You can’t say that. Your very existence here proves that. We’re soulmates. We’re meant to be together…”
Thor spared him from having to make such a decision. He shot after Hulk as soon as he leapt and hit him before he landed on Tyler. They collided with a loud clap akin to the roar of thunder and Hulk was thrown off course, tumbling to the ground and through a wall. Thor yelled out a battle cry and chased after him to fight to keep Hulk back. In the other room, Hulk roared in rebuttal and then the only thing Steve could hear was the clangor brought about in a fight. He prayed no one was in the room with them because they most certainly would not survive the ensuing fight.
Steve broke the silence by gasping, “Oh God, no.”
Tony's face faded away and...
“He’s an ally,” Steve reassured the soldier, getting to his feet slowly as to not startle the man. He was already upset for losing his best friend and stressed from nearly dying himself.
Thousands of scenarios flooded his mind and he was already coming up with half a dozen sarcastic replies that would make it seem he was unaffected.
“I have to Peter, I’m a superhero, remember? It’s more than just going to fight the bad guys. I have to protect people too and, sometimes, protecting takes longer than fighting… I will come back, just like Uncle Tony, and we will all go out for ice cream, alright? Uncle Ben and Aunt May are really excited for you to sleepover, aren’t you excited?”
I just got tickets to Comic Con, which I am super stoked about!
“I’m…I’m sorry, Tony…just – just forget I was here,” he whispered and then…
It would have been absolutely perfect if…
Bucky and Natasha exchanged glances and Natasha replied, “A friend gave me a call. I need to investigate something in New York…”
He did not know what to expect. Before he woke in the 21
“I have been carrying that with me ever since I became the director of SHIELD.  The prior director made me swear that I’d never open it and, in addition, she made me swear to deliver this to Tony Stark but only after the year 2009. I thought it strange at first, but I didn’t ask any questions until you disappeared into what my people are calling a tridimensional, time continuum transporter in the year 2009. Then I figured, this might have something to do with that so you can probably get this a little early…”
“You need to eat lunch,” Steve said, wondering if he had enough food in the last few days. “What do you want?”
He kept his expression passive and loving for his suffering husband.
There was a hole in the roof and Steve leapt into it. The hole went right through the roof and the floor below. Steve spared the first floor a quick scan to make sure there were no enemies.
“Do you have any idea how I can find out where he lives?” Steve asked him with a tight whisper. His heart hurt. He wanted to be with Tony and to comfort him however he could.
“Is poking me with your foot ‘wooing’ me?” Steve teased.
But also
“How’ve you been since yesterday?” Natasha decided to try from the indirect approach.
Bucky and Gabe were waiting outside and, as soon as he appeared, Gabe went back in, to keep an eye on Tony.
As soon as their eyes met, Tony lowered his head and – was he?
She expected to come across a clue, maybe a witness, or even a trail.
“Good morning,
“Hmm?” Peter hummed, not understanding.
Steve gave him a look. The doctor said he needed a lot of rest and Steve had just gotten Tony off his tablet maybe ten minutes ago. Yet, one look at those sparkling hazel eyes, and Steve was won over. He loved this man too much and humored him by asking Tony, “Who?”
The 107
“Oh my God,” Steve gasped from surprise. He hadn’t expected him to move
“I gotta close the window,” Peter yawned, rubbing his eyes.
“Some big stuff is going to go down in the main hall,” Peter replied, “Want to join me in watching?”
Peter quickly picked up the tablet and snuggled into Wade’s side. He chided, “You should have told me what you were planning sooner, meanie! We need to choose one together! I’ll pull up my favorites! Peter opened a separate file and it opened up to pictures of them or just of Wade. There were a few others of the team or his parents but most of the pictures involved Wade. Wade flushed happily and settled into his boyfriend’s side as Peter excitedly pointed out his favorite pictures of them together.
Once everyone was eating and the food was all cooked, did Steve finally let himself try out Bucky’s hangover remedy. He poured himself a cup of coffee and then cracked an egg on its rim.
Steve threw back his head with a groan and said, “Peter invited Wade over for dinner
“You’re not the only superhero on the streets of New York, Pete. The city is practically crawling with them,” Tony reasoned. “…Maybe it’s time you stop fighting the small time crime and became a full-fledged member of the team?”
“Buc—,” Steve tried to whisper a protest, this needed to stop. He let it go too far.
Tony punched him and then drew back his fist to punch the bastard again but Natasha grabbed his arm.
Bucky’s lips twitched into a small smile and he whispered, “I remember you once telling me I fretted over Steve worse than Pepper fretted over you and I thought you were talking about a condiment.”
“I know I’m just excited – and scared – but mostly excited…I wish Peter were here.”
As soon as Tony fell asleep, Steve slipped out of his arms and tucked him in. He took the vodka and chugged the contents down the sink. It was a hapless effort, Tony could easily get more but Steve felt better for doing it.
It took all of Wade’s power not to immediately pull the younger man into an earth-shattering hug.
Steve heard the click of the elevator doors opening and Tony bound into him and shoved Steve backward. He hurriedly backed up until Tony pushed him into the open closet and closed the door. Steve stumbled back into the coats and clutched his shield close to his chest as he righted his balance.
Bucky suddenly appeared and announced his presence by slamming a vase in the middle of the table filled with bulbous purple flowers. Everyone jumped back from the bouquet, shocked by it sudden appearance.
He bit down on his lip and was about to open the article when…
- ,” Peter cried, his heart palpitating painfully.
“What if I told you we had your soulmate in the other room and were going to hurt him.
He sprinted to the door but paused when Mary called out, “Wait.”
Oh, God, he wasn’t moving.
Steve stepped up to his soulmate and pressed his hips into Tony’s and hooked his fingers on Tony’s hip bones. He murmured, “Maybe I’ve been thinking about what it’d be like adopting another kid.”
“Why?” Steve hissed, his eyes growing glassy eyed and his hold tighter.
“We don’t have to…” Steve murmured with a shrug and downcast gaze.
Tony smiled teasingly at him and winked. Steve shook his head and began to step away but he teasingly mumbled under his breath, “You’re going to be the death of me…”
“Don’t read any of them or he will never let you hear the end of it!” Clint warned and Steve laughed. Peter picked his head up, his shyness seemed to clear upon his laughter. Steve stopped chuckling as he realized this was the first time Peter heard him laugh aloud like this. He smiled warmly at his son and Peter smiled back.
“Do not say another word, Jarvis,” Tony sighed. “I did the math in my head. I know the possibilities…but I also do not know if Peter is still alive… For all I know, Peter is already dead and Steve is sacrificing himself for nothing. But if he is still in there –.”
James’s heartbeat picked up and beat more quickly than he ever felt before. He scrambled to help and started to unbutton from the bottom of her shirt as she worked from the top. He leaned in and kissed her as he did. When their hands met in the middle, he parted her shirt and embraced her as she wrapped her arms around the back of his head to deepen their kiss. They fell back down on the bed with him on top of her.
No more walking down the street. No more corner bakery. No more supermarket trips.
Peter dutifully listened and finished off two more chimichangas as he did. The hand he had on Wade’s arm eventually slipped down but Wade kept his hand connected to his and their entwined hands lay between them. Peter turned his hand over and carded his fingers through Wade’s. Wade sat up a little straighter after he did that.
Tony smirked, ran the tips of his fingers down Steve’s arm, and whispered as sensuously as he could, “Stuff.”
Tony lightly touched Steve’s shoulder and whispered gently to wake him, “Steve?”
Bucky turned to him and gasped, “No! Really?”
There was no way he was going back to the old red and blue uniform. Venom was the new Spidey now and forever.
Natasha was staring at Steve’s mug and Steve stopped before taking a sip when he saw her expression. All the blood had drained from her face and she finally gasped, “D-Did you say a pinch of salt?”
Steve looked down praying to God that he was mistaken but his worst fears were confirmed. Peter had disappeared with Loki.
Steve lightly lay a hand on Peter’s shoulder and stated, “I agree, you two are clearly compatible.”
Or what was left of it.
Clint slowly put his phone away and whispered, “This is against orders, if Coulson ever found out-.”
He’d been trying to protect Tony but only hurt him in the end. The wall had become a permanent fixture in the dreamscape and, no matter what Steve thought or imagined, he could not get past it.
Steve jerked in his stride but kept moving forward. Tony’s smile confirmed it. He really did not realize how badly he had hurt Steve. Steve smiled uneasily at him, hoping to mask the true depth of his feelings.
Bucky tried to lighten the mood and murmured, “Maybe one day our implants will reset and our soulmates will show up the next day, hm?”
Steve and Bruce ran over to the elevator and the rest of the party tried to follow.
Natasha glared at a spot over his shoulder and clenched her jaw tightly shut.
Images of Uncle Ben and Gwen dying in his arms came to mind and an irrational terror came over him. He couldn’t lose Wade too!
It was not Tyler’s testimony. She would go last like Steve had for his defense.
Darkness of unconsciousness beckoned him and Steve went willingly into its embrace.
“It will be turned off soon,” Steve promised. He lifted his hand to lightly touch the communicator in his ear and whispered, “Amplify the noise as soon as we’re in the cage.”
Coulson did not realize how big of a problem he had, because when he hit the ignore button, on the other side of the world, Tony Stark’s eyes narrowed with suspicion as his call was rejected. He slipped the phone back into his pocket and announced, “Jarvis, we’ve got some hacking to do.”
Peter groaned and said, “Please, say you’re joking…”
“We are one,” Venom reminded them both in a growl and came to a stop a few feet from the father. He finally spotted the piece of himself he had been following. He stared greedily at the mass on the father’s back.
better personality. Prince Spidey outdid Prince Charming in everything.
Steve threw himself at Tony and happy tears immediately fell from his eyes as he embraced his soulmate.
Steve clenched his hands, feeling useless. Ever since Tony was first captured he’d felt so incompetent…and it was building into an oppressive force, threatening to crush him under its weight.
Steve nodded and continued, “If we do this, then I have some stipulations.”
Bucky was halfway up the stairs when they stepped out. Natasha was close behind him and both had their guns drawn. They froze when they stepped out. Bucky’s eyes nearly bugged out of his skull and he gasped, “Jesus Christ, what happened to your face? And what were those explosions??”
Steve punched Bucky’s shoulder and said, “Nice ta meet’ cha, jerk.”
Natasha took the towel from Bucky’s hand and said, “Let me take this. You two have bigger things to worry about…”
“I know…” Steve whispered. He gently placed Tony on the stretcher and pressed his forehead to Tony’s sweaty one as he reminded him, “It hurt both of you…”
“Vision is not coming over. This will be a small
He opened his eyes to see half the Avengers were already there, answering the priority alarm. Wanda had her hands raised and her pink magic glowing, Sam and Scott were fully dressed in their armor.
Steve split his legs to accommodate Tony’s body. Tony slid down Steve’s torso and transferred nearly all of his weight to his knees. Steve moaned in frustration, wanting Tony’s weight back, wanting to feel his body against his, and wanting to feel his body heat intermingle at soaring temperatures with Steve’s. But then Tony’s hands ran over Steve’s chest, down the sides of his torso, and then pulled Steve's shirt out of his pants. He reached under Steve’s shirt and ran his hands over Steve’s abdominal muscles.
“I need to go, Dad,” Peter stated. He pushed himself up and he reasoned, “If you can go with broken bones then I can go too.”
“You could become Hydra’s pawn,” Bucky begged, digging his fingers into Steve’s arm.
“Alright, I won’t,” Tony said flippantly and pressed another kiss into his mouth.
Tony looked to his husband and Steve met his gaze with worried eyes. Tony gave his bicep a little squeeze and then tried to smile encouragingly at him.
Pepper stepped in front of him and said, “You are going to kill yourself! For once in your life, stop thinking of others and think of yourself!”
Wanda had a fine sheen of sweat on her forehead by the time she was done. She grinned despite her exhaustions and turned to the camera she knew they were watching her from and announced, “We’re good to go!”
“Where are we going?” Steve asked, finally letting his eyes close, hoping it would help with the sick feeling growing within him.
line of thinking. He did not want to know what Peter had been up to all night with Wade Wilson.
Tony looked down at him with glassy eyes and a clenched jaw. He was clenching his jaw so tightly, Steve was surprised his teeth hadn’t cracked from the pressure. He shushed soothingly to him, petting his hands, and Tony gingerly sat down with a resigned expression. Steve collected both his hands and kissed his knuckles, whispering, “Thank you for standing up for me, honey.”
Tony laughed and Steve groaned. Even though he was rolling his eyes at Peter's actions, he was still able to see Bucky fall.
Steve glanced at the glass container and then back to the priest and murmured, “We’re probably going to need more than one pot…”
Tony greedily accepted her permission and lay his head on her shoulder as he unleashed all his tears. Pepper led him back to his seat and he leaned on her as the others stepped up to the podium to talk about how great Steve was.
“Holy fuck, J. Is that-?”
He must have planned ahead like he had said he would. He got a photographer this time…
Both Steve and Tony looked to their son and unanimously said, “No!”
“…You can’t have kids with a man, Steve,” Bucky whispered to his friend.
Tony froze then looked up and cautiously replied, “Jarvis?”
He wanted to explore anal sex but it looked like he had to hold it off…
He was scared. He was so scared, and he wanted Bucky and his ma and his pops…and Tony. The others were all dead, but Tony was barely alive himself.
“Give me ten minutes and if I’m not back by then, then you can come in with all of your American Glory,” Tony said dryly, dislodging Steve's hand from his side.
“I think Rogers can back that,” Steve murmured and he and Tony stumbled over to the metal doors, refusing to break apart.
“…Then what the fuck did he do? Why are you so quiet? Why do you look like somebody killed a cute, baby bunny in front of you?” Tony growled. He was not looking at Steve but was glaring straight ahead at nothing in particular. Steve gulped. Tony read him like a book. He knew something happened.
He dipped his head and buried his face in her hair.
Tony went straight to Steve and grasped his arm, gasping, “Are you alright??”
Peter chuckled and gave his boyfriend one last push before sealing him away into the bathroom.
Peter sat down at the table with them and stated, “
!” Peter shrieked. Tears were streaming from his eyes in an endless flood and he looked absolutely terrified as he pushed at the black mass in vain.
Steve should have felt nervous. He should have been dreading this half of the trial but… the media, his friends, and complete strangers figuratively sat by his side and heard all the truths that he had. There were still some naysayers, there would always be, but the majority of the country was on his side again. Steve felt like he was floating on cloud nine.
my best man,” Steve countered. “Our wedding was…kinda spur of the moment? We didn’t want to wait…” Steve cradled his left hand and gazed down at the simple, wedding band with a small smile. “I…We both were ready and knew we couldn’t wait another moment.”
Spending the night with Tony. All night. Alone. His cock throbbed at the thought. He had dreamed about it and now that it might actually happen he could not help but feel nervous. Steve was a virgin and he knew Tony was not.
Natasha absorbed the information silently and did not reply for several long moments. Her mate watched her with a critical eye the entire time. He was still as a statue and had even stopped eating. All of his attention was focused on her.
“We open up to total darkness and the sound of chirping bugs but then the orange sun breaks over the horizon and ‘The Circle of Life’ begins –,” Wade began.
But his Boy Scout was taking everything out of the car so Tony came up behind him, ran his hands suggestively down Steve’s waist, and murmured, “Leave it.”
“You’ve got to be kidding me! I can’t believe you don’t have an elaborate proposal planned out already!” Peter countered.
“I would have turned the world against its axis to get to you,” Steve swore, laying beside Tony and hiking his hips up to meet his again.
“Thor just pull them apart!” Tony groaned.
Steve’s back was burned but he survived. He slumped into Tony and heard him exhale shakily. He too was alive.
“American Made? Hell yeah,” Tony replied with a smirk and Steve ducked his head to hide his automatic blush. Ever since yesterday, every time he looked at it, he remembered how it got there and it seemed a flush instantly stained his face.
I'm going to try updating this and my stucky fic once a week! Thanks for reading! :3
“Together? Yes, have been for two years,” Tony lied with ease.
He jerked to a stop when he saw they weren’t alone.
“Sounds good to me, baby boy,” Wade replied, nuzzling his face into Peter’s neck again. It sounded like there was a smile on his voice so Peter glanced up at him but he was obstructed by the mask. He couldn't tell if Wade was really smiling or not.
“It’s a long story but…I told you to come here so you wouldn’t use up your battery…” Tony whispered.
“Oh, my god,” Tony gasped. He had been just teasing but Bucky was serious…and he seriously just sounded like his old self just now.
“No!” Stark hissed, “Steve was confused, scared, and lonely and I offered him a place to stay and a new identity as he figured things out!”
again.”
The one Tony had used to find the time machine.
Tony sighed heavily. At this rate, Steve was going to turn into Pepper 2.0. He turned off the arc welder and clipped his tools onto his belt. He then crossed his arms over his chest and glowered down at Steve. He stated, “I have been handling these tools since I learned how to walk. I know what I’m doing.”
“Did he say if it’ll be tomorrow or the day after?” Howard groaned to the woman beside him. “Tell Phillips I agreed to only so much field time and I am reaching my limit!”
“I hadn’t realized the Doc was a…doc,” Wade murmured.
At that moment, however, he wasn’t going to celebrate Peter’s countdown. Steve stated, “Uncle Bucky’s safe word is not a joke.”
Tony lightly ran his thumb over Steve’s knuckles and whispered, “I will do all within my power to make sure you won’t suffer this new future.”
Steve pulled his hand out of Bucky’s and said, “Bucky, I can’t just do that.”
Steve laughed and said, “Either way, we also wanted to give you a heads up about our upcoming nuptials.”
“There’s nothing to tell,” Bucky gritted between clenched teeth.
Yes, there is only one chapter left. And yes I'm going to fix the shit out of this scene! XD
The next night was worse. All of his limbs were tingling. The pins and needles were now painful and he winced with every step.
Steve was afraid to open his mouth for a second. He and Tony had discussed going on a date right before Steve lost him and this era’s Tony just practically laid out one to him. He wanted nothing more than to go with Tony and share a meal, laugh with him at this statue he was talking about, and walk down to the lagoon, hand-in-hand.
Steve gently placed his son on the ground by his play workstation then went over to Tony. He did not notice Steve until he stuck the coffee under his nose.
Tony crushed his eyes closed and fought to keep his breath from shuddering.
“No, Sir,” Jarvis replied.
“You’re home, Steve,” a female voice stated.
“It’s his soulmate’s tone,” Natasha murmured in explanation to everyone. A bittersweet smile crossed her face and she broke it by taking a bite of toast.
Steve shook his head and whispered, “I’ve only told Bucky…” Tony ticked his brow and, with a dry tone, sarcastically said, “Well, I’m your soulmate. You can tell me anything.”
“FOOD!” Venom screamed in rebuttal then lunged at the beast again.
Tony was laying against a decimated Jeep and there was blood covering the left side of his face.
Tony nodded and Bruce closed the door behind him. Tony drew the curtains across the window looking in on him and Steve, and then he dimmed the lights.
“We’ll talk to him about it,” Steve murmured, his fingers trailing closer.
It was louder outside and if he went anywhere near any of the fence, Peter knew they would be able to see him from the front. Luckily, his dad left the suit near the back of the house but…overhead, helicopters circled. He felt their metallic eyes on him instantly and dropped his gaze. He took another breath to steady himself and then Peter walked up to the suit, trying to stand as tall as possible, which was hard in all of the clangor…
He and his family seemed to stand at a tense crossroads. Both Peter and Steve were looking at Tony, waiting for a reply. Peter could see a war being waged in Tony’s gaze. He didn’t want to acquiesce so easily. But, eventually, he tersely agreed, “Fine. We will ‘meet’ him.”
Wade’s words dwindled to a stop and his jaw dropped. Tony turned back to the screens and nausea churned his stomach as the symbiote had completely covered his son and the humanoid form was sitting itself up. A more sinister version of Peter’s Spider-Man costume seeped in white as an angled spider symbol hugged Peter’s chest and the almond shaped eyes opened.
“Sticky?” Steve asked, grasping one of Peter’s hands to feel the texture, it felt normal. The only time he could remember his hands feeling sticky was when they were covered in jelly.
Natasha nodded curtly and then stood up. She stated, “Grid pattern?”
Tony groaned as another wave of pain washed over him from his dislocated arm. His vision grew a little fuzzy, but he was able to see a large figure hunch over Steven and pick him up.
And he was going to lose him.
The second and most potent one was the fact that Tony was not standing before him like he always was when they first enter the dreamscape.
“Very well, Sir. I will calibrate the machines in the workshop,” his AI replied promptly. Tony sighed heavily again and pulled the towel off his waist to fluff up his hair to rid it of moisture.
Wade smiled wantonly and whispered huskily, “I love a man with many talents.”
Tony stole Steve away from Bruce and they slow danced to the dawdling melody. Tony rested his head on his chest and Steve rested his head on top of his. He whispered into Tony’s hair, “I am the happiest man on the planet.”
He added another finger, making Steve’s breath hitch. His hooded gaze met Tony’s eyes and he hissed, “We are
“WHERE IS PETER?!” Wade screamed over all of their voices. They all turned to the mercenary and, with his eyes overflowing, Wade painfully gasped, “
– I wanted
“What have I missed?” Tony asked gruffly. Now that he knew she was a machine, he was able to see the little things that differentiated her from living organisms. Her pupils were constantly the same size and did not change under the varying lights, her movements were not as fluid as a human’s, and Tony bet if he touched her, her flesh would hold no warmth.
“That's right! Steve hasn't seen the movie yet! We might as well watch it and the sequels!”
“No…No, just a little longer,” she begged in a hoarse whisper and her hand tightened on the metal object.
Tony clenched his fist and grumbled, “Yes…”
“We need to go now,” Cable stated, frowning at the device on his wrist.
What more could they do? Barnes had been cajoled, consoled, threatened, and a number of other things…but he refused to change his stance. He either said “Hail, Hydra” or asked Natasha for her real -.
“Wanda?” Vision questioned, floating to her side and putting a supporting hand on her shoulder.
Natasha elbowed him and admonished, “It’s sweet. Don’t say anything that can ruin all of my hard work.”
Steve grinned at his husband and whispered, “With the moves Natasha is teaching Peter, I think she would beg to differ.”
He’d traveled far since his initial escape in New York and was clearly going west.
Steve’s eyes heated and, with his voice hitching, he whispered, “We may have had a chance once…but that all changed when I went down in my plane in 1945. That was nearly forty – years ago, Tony. Look at me. I’m still 27. I have been for decades. I am dead and, no matter how much we care about each other, that will never change.”
Steve left as soon as Coulson ended the conversation.
He found her sitting with Howard however.
Tony was snickering as he read the explanation but he stopped when his eye caught sight of the final image tucked into the corner of the fold out. It was meant to be a joke on the magazine’s part but it affected Tony all the same. The picture was of Steve and Tony standing close, both of them were wearing tuxes and Tony recognized it was from the gala they went to last month to support the city’s firefighters. He could not take his eyes off the blond that night. It was rare to see Steve in a tuxedo and looked so handsome in it.
It was easier to find the Commandos this time around now that he knew what to look for. He spotted Steve with Bucky, their heads bent close together as they discussed something in secret. Tony grinned, wondering if
Steve smiled at him and murmured, “Feeling better?”
But he did know one very crucial fact:
The defrosting was slow. His entire body had to warm up simultaneously otherwise he’d lose his limbs or they’d damage his brain. The Captain floated upright in a hyperbaric cylinder filled with a light blue liquid. Rogers was totally submerged with a breathing mask and several electrical leads attached to his chest and forehead to monitor his life support. A handful of scientists were monitoring him or working elsewhere in the lab.
Tony nodded, his eyes beginning to shine.
“No,” Tony replied stubbornly. “Everyone is somebody. You have a life outside of running down the PCH and jumping into mansions to save devilishly handsome, eccentric billionaires.”
Tony groaned and popped open the lube as he gasped, “I’d have thrown it completely off its axis and careening into space if I had the chance to get to you.”
“And we got another Avenger heading over, he’ll be here within the hour,” Natasha added, peeking out of the front window.
And they tried to make it look like an
Steve watched him, knowing by his friend's silence, there had to be more.
Peter woke late the next morning and he felt somewhat rejuvenated. His Aunt May let him sleep in to 11:43 a.m. which was amazing in itself. He stretched, relishing the feeling in his well slept body. He was starting another semester at NYU next week and he was going to be getting little to no sleep during that time. He was doing a light course load this semester so he was hoping it will not be too bad. Fingers crossed.
Cable’s talking continued as Steve peered down at the image, “I brought us ahead a few weeks before the event in question to give me enough time to rebuild the reactor and to give the time glove time to recharge. So, he is very much alive right now and will not be in danger until the Goblin makes his move. But under absolutely no circumstance are you to approach him.”
Tony relaxed into his hold and whispered, “Thanks…I love you, Steve. I love you, I love you, I lov –.” Tony would have probably kept whispering the sentiment if Steve had not smothered the words with his mouth.
“Bucky,” Steve gasped. Behind his closed eyes, he was tiny again and they were in their old apartment. The Winter Soldier and Captain America never existed. It was just a skinny Steve Rogers and the short-haired, sane Bucky Barnes, like he always fantasized.
Well...returned to most of them.
The Soldier clenched his fists but nodded all the same. He turned and leapt over the edge of the brownstone, disappearing from view. As soon as he was gone, Natasha leapt over the other side to where Steve was. She cursed lightly under her breath when she saw the crater in his chest and checked his pulse.
They explored each other’s bodies, mapping out the new territories and looking for what brought the other pleasure. Peter eventually cracked open the lube and his fingers made their way into his entrance, reservedly at first as he was obviously unsure. There isn’t really a social etiquette for putting one’s fingers up another person’s ass so Wade encouraged him along with whispered praises and reassuring moans.
Tony chuckled and then cupped his face and drew him into another kiss, this one more drawn out and tender. Steve sighed again but this time it was with content and he lazily returned the kiss. Their tongues lapped at each others and their lips tingled under the light mutual caress.
“That looks extremely dangerous and you are not even properly equipped to be handling that stuff upright!” Steve admonished.
He tapped Peter’s cheek a little harder and he gasped in a pitiful voice, “
Tony fell into Steve’s side and leaned heavily against him. Steve wrapped his arm around him and held him in place. He pressed a quick kiss to Tony’s forehead and held Tony a little tighter.
Peter sighed deeply and texted, ‘Thank you.’
Tony raised his flute and added, "To cleaner energy and a better city."
It was where he belonged after all.
Bucky’s lips quirked at the sides and he said, “He asked me the same thing.”
“Crap, he has an EMP!” Tony hissed.
“SHIELD has loose lips,” Steve concluded grimly. He released Peter from his hug but he was not going to be putting his son down for the rest of the night, maybe even the rest of the week. He was going to be having nightmares of Peter being torn from his arms for even longer.
“SHIELD was able to figure out where he was staying, we should check it out,” Natasha said, looking at Bucky. Bucky nodded and they left together without another word.
New York there were gangs and everyday citizens with access to guns. It could have been a mistake.
Steve tightly grasped his hand and whispered, “If I were alive, I’d be leading a team out into that desert to find you right now!”
Steve dropped the pillows and joined Tony in the bathroom. The shower was huge with shower heads on either side like it had been designed for two people to shower together. The water was hot and steam was already clouding the air. Tony was already applying soap suds with a mesh ball but he smirked at Steve as he joined him. Steve stepped behind Tony and lightly kissed his cheek in greeting.
Tony’s hands froze in their tapping and he growled, “That sonofa…”
“Yeah,” Steve said with a sad sigh.
Tony kneeled in front of Steve and grasped his arms as he gasped, “
Steve shrugged and said, “What about it?”
Thank you again everyone who has read, left kudos, commented, bookmarked, and subscribed! It's things like that, that encourages me to keep writing and make my day! :)
-tastic,” Peter grumbled. “I revealed my identity to two strangers, one of those strangers claimed to be my father, my aunt revealed he was indeed my father….so basically everything I knew about my life has been pretty much a lie. Like I said, fan-
“Hello, student.”
– and why did he do this to Tony??
Peter forced a chuckle and murmured, “Clearly, you need your eyes checked….”
Recess was called as the judge needed time to go over the evidence provided before making his decision.
He dashed over to the pair as he relayed that and was in front of Wade in seconds. He worriedly hovered over Peter and, to Wade, gasped, “What happened??”
Peggy stood on the other side with eyes red rimmed and her heart clearly broken.
The future changed.
. Please, you promised, remember?”
But as Venom hunted, he realized he could
After their honeymoon, they sat Peter down and explained the new changes to their lives. He knew about the adoption and what it meant. They did not want to force the issue about Peter calling Tony “Dad” but now Steve wished they had at least suggested it.
“Yes, Master Rogers,” Jarvis replied.
“Correct,” Fury grumbled. He slipped his phone back onto his pocket and crossed his arms as he regarded Steve.
Steve got to his feet and murmured, “You didn't come either. We're in the same boat.” He added with a smirk, “This might be Peter's payback for walking in on us.”
Steve had to get back to Peter but he had to make sure Bucky remembered something first.
He rubbed at the area just below his arc reactor to try and dispel the feeling but it lingered. He’d been hunched over too long and the tight bandages around his chest seemed to be straining the muscles around his reactor. Ever since he started wearing it, his chest has slowly beginning to feel…tighter. Not the good tight, like he was fit…but the kind that was beginning to hurt...It was a manageable pain but he couldn't wait until he was free of the wrappings.
Tony turned his head and lightly kissed the side of Steve’s jaw. He murmured, “Time to go to bed, my beloved husband.”
Tony paused and turned to Peter. The boy had paused the game and Harry was looking questionably at him for doing so. Peter explained in one simple question, “Can I show Harry your lab?”
Cable too sighed with a wearied relief. He gave Steve a moment and then started to turn the gears on the time glove as he said, “We’ve been in this timeline too long for my liking.” He looked to Steve and asked, “Ready to go?”
“Tony, I brought coffee and eggs. Where are…”
Wade dropped his head, wishing he had his mask. It was somewhere in Peter’s room but he couldn’t leave Peter to retrieve it.
“No,” Mary whispered the truth. Yet, for a moment, she had the strangest urge to lie.
To Peter, Steve said, “I have to fight now, Peter. Your dad and I love you, stay safe.”
Steve replied by simply smiling down at Tony.
“Steve!” Bruce gasped. “Thank God! Are you guys done fighting that bank robber? The power went out and I have been trying to get a hold of someone to help us! The door to my lab is electronically locked and Hulk proof so even Peter can’t break it!”
you to give Wade a chance.”
Her heartrate picked up in the quiet. Had she gotten to him? Had he remembered something? Was he unwilling to kill her now?? She so badly wanted to embrace him. She’d wanted to ever since she saw he was still alive. But, she held back, conscious of the fact that he may not strong enough to overcome the murderous compulsion of his mission.
“I SAID FUCK OFF!” Clint roared, pushing Bucky back again. Natasha struggled against Steve’s grip and was snarling at Bucky.
Bucky dropped his gaze as he thought back and then he whispered, “That’s right…you stayed behind with…Steve…”
“Nope,” Tony said, scooping up a large glob of oatmeal. “I’m boring.” He then shoved the food into his mouth and slowly chewed it, looking anywhere but at Howard.
and last night was nice.”
Peter rolled his eyes and then pinched Wade’s cheek.
They walked all around the house. It was much larger than he thought it was and Bucky explained how it was built into the rock below and even showed him an elevator that could take them down to the beach at the bottom of the cliffs.
After a short pause, Tony whispered, “He’s beautiful…”
He groggily lifted his head to look at the others but just as soon dropped it, sealing his eyes shut, when his headache worsened. Curled into his side was Tony and Steve tightened his hold onto his soulmate. Tony sighed and his hand shifted slightly on Steve’s chest.
Steve smiled at him and whispered in a broken voice, “And you’re alive.”
“S’Alright,” Peter murmured, making a beeline for the coffeepot.
Tony silenced him with a kiss and then pressed, “I’m fine, more so since you’re here…”
Pops choked on his laughter as he tried to smother it behind his hand and Dad’s frown deepened.
The romantic mission was put on hold when an actual mission was thrown at them.
“He’s unwell,” Steve said with a shrug.
But now Peter was stuck in the peculiar situation of choosing between being open or closed about their relationship.
Bucky gulped and nodded. He clenched his fists and followed Natasha out.
Tony cringed. Maybe it wasn’t such a good idea to have put Steve on the Level 1 Clearance list. He got unquestionable access everywhere, including the lab.
“You’ve got to be kidding me!” She gasped, “You two are scheduled to go up in five minutes!!”
“Unfortunately,” Steve said with a sigh. His chest was still a little tight from watching Tony’s limbs disappear,
Bucky grinned cheekily at the shorter woman and then nodded down the hall to where the elevator to the beach was and said, “I figured I could show you the finer art of beach walking.”
Steve bit down on his cheek, is stomach bubbling uneasily. He did not want to leave Peter but he could not take him with him. The President needed added protection and he requested Steve personally. Steve could refuse him but Coulson was right, he was Captain America. It was his job and it was something he could do to help Tony, even if it was something little…
He’d been looking for something to do with his updated suit. The Mark 15, which he has lovingly called Sneaky, had flown to the location smoothly. It was his new stealth armor prototype with sonic dampening thrusters and reto-reflective coating which adapted the suit’s tint to the surrounding environment for its stealth capabilities. So far, SHIELD nor any of the European agencies in the area had noted his presence, even when he flew at ranges his other suits were usually detectable.
“Something’s wrong,” Peter gasped, his hair was starting to stand on end and his entire body was tense. Could the fight be moving in their direction?
They stared at each other in the amount of time it took for both of them to inhale a few quick breaths. It look that long for Steve’s hold on Tony to bypass normal.
Wade’s eyes widened slightly and he repeated questionably, “Number one?”
He sat down at his desk and opened all eight screens to see what Jarvis found on the mystery man in the amount of time it took for him to get home and iced.
Peter shot up and ran to the elevator where he knew the men would come from.
“No,” Steve gasped. “Please tell me it is not true.”
Steve moaned and he excitedly rubbed his erection into Tony’s. Tony laughed and grasped his boyfriend’s cock and helped line him up. Despite the water hitting them, Tony could feel the lube he had used to stretch himself still inside of him and knew he could take the super soldier. They had already made love that morning and Tony stretched himself out before they flew over.
This insignificant object was the start of all of this.
It probably would've been a wise thing to do. Steve glanced around the room and saw no one paying any particular attention to them and it was because of that, that he decided, “I don't want to delay another moment.”
“…Wow,” Bruce gasped.
Tony turned to Steve and was surprised to see how close he was. When Tony leaned away, Steve must have leaned in, keeping little distance between them. Tony couldn’t help but flush and Steve’s eyes seemed to loom closer.
Natasha was sitting up with him as she was instantly awake with exclamation. She relaxed when she saw there was no clear danger.
“I shouldn’t be alive unless it was for a reason…” He gasped to her with raw certainty. He sat back down at his desk heavily, his mind back in the cave with Yensen and then it inevitably went to the events of the last few days. Obie, his company, the media, and even the Enigma, Steven Edwards...“I’m not crazy, Pepper. I just finally know what I have to do.” He paused as he took in her glassy eyes and earnestly said, “And I know in my heart…
“You haven’t aged, Steve…At this rate, I’m going to grow older than you…” Tony whispered, his voice filled with horror.
Peter ran straight to Tony’s side and eagerly wrapped his wet arms around Tony’s waist. Tony ran his hand over Peter’s dark brown hair and smiled warmly at his son.
“The syringe that was in your soulmate’s neck contains a concoction of my own making. Used on a super soldier, it slows your heart enough to force you to pass out. But on a normal person, it stops the heart altogether.”
son even after what he did to him.
“Okay, good…everything alright? Did you need something?” Tony asked, his heart was still racing under his hand.
“Um…thanks?” Peter replied, awkwardly rubbing his back. Eddie wasn’t really a hugging guy so this was a little weird…
Bucky was probably overreacting. He adjusted his grip on the steering wheel and replied to Steve, “Yeah…Yeah, it’s probably because he’s sick…”
They were supposed to just
“Where have you been all my life?” Tony groaned.
But he had to know.
Mainly, he saw Peter’s very heart in it and he was asking Tony not to break it again.
His heart flipped in his chest and the all too familiar feeling of attraction ran fervently through his blood. It was a familiar feeling he never thought he would feel again toward Bucky. It was that familiar feeling he had shared with Tony…
Wade stared into Peter’s eyes that were so filled with love and adoration and all of that was directed at Wade and Wade alone. Wade’s heart tightened overwhelmed by the amount of love he felt toward the man in his arms.
“Is this the 21
Steve snorted but Tony’s toes curled as Steve’s gaze burned into his with the same desire he saw last night.
“No, you go and I’ll find him some food,” Steve replied, holding the baby closer to his chest. He needed a moment alone with Peter to be sure he was the one he remembered and, if he really was, Steve needed to call Tony. But he couldn’t do that with Sam around without drawing suspicion.
Peter needed to stop this. He needed to free Wade.
Norman glared at them and, for a second, Steve could have sworn Norman’s eyes flashed red. Norman only let his contempt show for a few seconds before he donned a mocking neutral expression. He picked up a pen and began to write something down on the papers in front of him.
Wade was trying to pick a favorite…but he just couldn’t. He loved all of them.
“You are not him,” Venom explained. “I was made for my original host. I was not made for you.”
Thinking of Peter, Steve felt a twinge of guilt and almost ran back into the building. He stopped himself because he knew as soon as he held his son again he would start crying and he could not do that to Peter. He needed to go to Bucky. He needed him to help him with his grief again.
Peter smiled at his teammates and assured them all he was fine as they asked how he was. Eddie came out of nowhere and Peter exclaimed, “Eddie! When did you get here?”
“But you're dead?” Tony demanded but his eyes pleaded with him to tell him differently.
Peter shrugged and murmured, “Truthfully…nothing. I just want to laze around and maybe watch some movies.”
Pepper let him go and Tony ran out to his balcony and took off in the direction of Washington D.C.
Cable gave him a quick basic lesson, on how to use the laptop and the internet and even found him some headphones to be able to watch videos without disturbing Cable and then Steve was searching in no time. He first looked up information on the end of World War II, like Cable had suggested, but, as soon as the other man was immersed in his work again at the table, Steve wrote Tony’s name into the search bar.
Steve caressed the side of his neck and murmured, “Maybe here…I think you rested your head here and left behind some dirt.” Tony smirked at his jibe and Steve trailed his hands down lower. He slowly ran his fingers over the contours of his abdomen, just beneath his navel, tracing where Tony touched him earlier, and murmured, “Or maybe here…I think you left a few handprints when you touched me…”
“…I love you,” Tony stated, his voice grave and serious. “I may have yelled it out spur of the moment out on the battlefield but, I just want you to know I was serious,
“Nah, just grab the closest one to you!”
are not going to leave this alone. If there’s something iffy about that thing, we’ll take care of it.”
“Do you remember what you promised last night? About not leaving?” Steve asked breathlessly. Bucky tensed and Steve said, “Please come back with me to the Tower…” Bucky pushed himself up to his elbows and looked sharply away, his gaze going to the door. Was he thinking about bolting? Steve cupped his cheek, trying to make him look back at him, and whispered, “Bucky, please—.”
“Get off!” Peter hissed, “I don’t want you! Why won’t you just leave me!? The Avengers
“He’s alive…” Steve gasped, still shocked by the fact and Bucky stiffened as he finally realized what was happening.
His son coming into the world reminded him his time table was closing and SHIELD was the obvious choice to drop.
Steve fell to his knees and stared blankly at the phone in his hands. The phone screen went black from no longer being used. It was his final connection to Tony and was now totally severed. He gasped, “He’s drowning.”
“Ohhhh a forbidden romance, this just got dirtier,” Tony said with glee and was practically dancing in place.
“I’d be nothing without you,” he whispered.
“Thanks, Pops…” Peter sighed heavily. Steve smiled at the younger man and wondered how often Tony was going to tease him similarly in the future.
Bucky grasped the side of Steve’s face and whispered, “I was always behind you, always watching.” Bucky crouched over Steve and grabbed his jaw tightly and hissed, “I could not let that bastard kill you.
bedroom now that I’m shacking up with you?” Steve countered, smiling as Tony pulled him up the stairs.
“Pepper!” There was another blast on the roof and Tony yelled, “Time to hit the button!”
“You’re Fury, aren’t you?” Steve asked, slightly amused.
No, he
Steve knew he'd eventually bring it up. He thought they'd share in their grief and provide a shoulder for Bucky to cry on.
Suddenly remembering his final moments at Steve’s memorial, Tony broke their embrace to meet Steve’s gaze again. He cupped his jaw and whispered sincerely, “Steve, I hadn’t been able to say it in the past…and it haunted me ever since I returned to the future, but you need to know…I love you.” Steve inhaled sharply and he grasped both of Tony’s sides tightly. He look surprised by Tony’s sudden declaration and Tony continued, “I really didn’t understand it until you were gone. I felt like my insides had been torn to shreds and I could no longer function. You were my everything…You are my everything. And I love you so much that I feel like my heart is going to burst from it if I don’t keep telling you. I love you. I love you, Steve. I lo –.”
Tony spread out his hands before him and stated with a smirk, "The boom boom option all the way."
“Nooooo,” Peter groaned, suppressing a smile at the image. “But they want to get to know you, for me, you know?”
Tony was actively pursuing him. He didn’t want the chemistry between them to fizzle out. He was interested in Steve!
Iron Man disappeared into the black hole and the transmission was cut.
Tony asked, “What? What are you mad at me?”
“Cap - Steve…Steve, I understand why you’re scared. I do. But I can also assure you is…you are not alone,” Tony whispered. “You have me, Bruce, Clint, Natasha, Thor…All of the Avengers would do anything for you and Peter. Fate might try to take him but all of us will fight like hell to stop that from happening.”
The other woman nodded and went back to the door. Mary watched her like a hawk then tensed as the door was opened.
why don’t you have a driver’s license? A Facebook?”
“FOOD!”
Steve's head dropped further until he simply caught it in his hand and buried his face in it.
Let the angst begin!
He had shooed Harry away, wanting to see his mother alone, but now that he was alone, he was scared. What if she did not like him?
They landed on the main balcony and Steve was there waiting for them. He went straight to Peter as soon as they landed and embraced him tightly as soon as he let go of Tony. Steve promised, “We’re here for you, Pete. Is there anything I can get you? Anything you want to talk about?”
“Then you should probably continue this conversation with him and not your old man,” Tony said.
“Understood,” Bucky nodded. “I will provide protection.”
Tony grinned cheekily and excitedly said,
He always wondered what it’d be like to kiss Tony. Would their kiss be wild as the man delivering it or would it be soft, revealing the tender person beneath the tough exterior? Would his lips be soft? Or would they be itchy because of Tony’s facial hair? Would Tony smile into his mouth like he always did whenever he accomplished something amazing or, better yet, would he just keep kissing him? How far would they go?
“Only to get home. You heard it yourself. Its being here can change the events of the future. What if we
Clint jumped and sprinted out of the room at top speed.
It took all of Steve’s power to not let his jaw drop.
A second later, it stood back up without noticing a disruption or the changes that had occurred.
A content silence fell between them.
“You’re going to be okay!” Steve promised, clutching Tony’s hand close to his heart.
Little Stepan trotted up next to Natasha and wound his arms around her upper thigh. At five, he looked like a mini version of Bucky with his dark hair and eyes. He came as a surprise after the couple tried to get pregnant for years. Steve clearly remembered the day he was born, Bucky held him with such a large smile. Steve hadn’t seen him wear one like that since before World War II.
Tony murmured, “Tell the Avengers but not SHIELD. I don’t trust them. They’ve already written off Steve.”
“Well don’t! Help others! It’d look weird if you were only helping me!” Jarvis didn’t move immediately so Tony stated, “That’s an order! Go!”
“…What happened in here?” Steve asked breathlessly.
. I am supposed to protect you. I’m responsible for you and I gladly take your place.”
“Sir?”
“Happy was at the theatre,” Tony stated, his voice dull and listless. Steve inhaled sharply and clutched his phone tightly. All his bravado dissipated and he wished he could take Tony into his arms. Happy Hogan was with Tony longer than Pepper. He was family to Tony.
Peter and his dad exchanged knowing grins. They hugged again and his dad motioned him to the door he came through. He murmured, “Go through there and the rest of us will go out the back way. I’ll see you again later tonight once all these well-wishers go away?”
Bucky noted his presence first and must have said something to Steve because he turned around before Tony reached them. And that smile Steve greeted him with, damn, Tony nearly stopped in his tracks…
Peter was wailing like he had when Loki held him and Steve instantly became alarmed. Tears were flowing down his red cheeks and Peter clutched his head. He gasped, “I don’ wanna be hurted. I don’ wanna be hurted!”
Bucky squinted his eyes suspiciously at Tony but pushed himself off the wall and headed out to the balcony. Tony shot Steve a wink over his shoulder then crossed the room to follow Bucky out.
“Overly emotional moment,” he reminded himself. “It didn’t mean anything.”
told me this was only a crush…”
Steve grasped Bucky’s shoulder and said with a voice loaded with gratitude, “Thanks, Buck. I don’t know what I’d do without you.”
Tony crossed his arms over his chest and he stated, “The future is stuck in a limbo state. That alternative future could still happen. The future is undecided. There…there must be something that is preventing the timeline to revert back but I don’t have the faintest idea what it could be…the only change I made was…” He sighed heavily and whispered, “
The world and its people became more undefined as time went by and he could feel sleep wrapping itself around Steve. He fought it valiantly. He held onto Tony and used him as his anchor. Bucky eventually disappeared but Tony remained at his side. Steve whispered to him, begging him to stay with him.
they were fruits. Law protects those who ain’t white or Christian but law says men going with men ain’t right, even with a soul implant saying otherwise.”
He could tell Tony wasn’t sleeping either by the way his fingers were lightly tracing designs into his skin. Steve eventually grasped the hand and carded his fingers into Tony’s. Steve caressed and played with the other man’s fingers.
Norman followed at a distance….
Tony was finishing up the arm around the same time Pepper returned. She came down into the workshop wearing an expression of bafflement and carrying a large box. As soon as they were within earshot, she gasped, “Have you two been down here all day?”
“If you show anyone…” Steve began to threaten, his face blushing adorably.
Steve stripped and stepped into the tub the best he could and scrubbed off the sweat, semen, and leftover Vaseline from his body. He crossed his legs to fit but they were so large that they were sticking out over the rim. He had to work hard to keep most of the water in the tub. The Army regulation soap was unscented but a good cleanser and he felt freshly clean in no time.
A few moments later, Osborn walked into view of their hiding spot. Steve clenched his fists, wanting nothing more than to throttle the man for everything he’s done to his family.
Bucky walked with Tony to find Gabe. Tony eventually grumbled, “I don’t need a chaperone.”
Tony jerked beneath him and Steve’s eyes snapped open.
“…It’s been years, Tony,” Mary replied cautiously. “Years in which you could have changed…”
Tony stared at the door he had disappeared through and was at a loss for what had just happened.
Did the symbiote come here by chance? No, it was not possible. It had to know he was the Goblin. But how? And why was it here? Did it want to restart the fight that had begun in the sewers? Was it staking out territory and saw him as a threat?
Peter let his friend sort the information out for a couple of days before sending him a text to see if he wanted to hang out. After a couple minutes, Harry texted back and said he would be there within the hour.
“I wonder why?” Steve asked sarcastically. He too wasn’t too fond of SHIELD at the moment either.
“Oh, Stars and Stripes,” Tony gasped, his fingers dug into Steve’s scalp as his hot mouth engulfed Tony’s cock. When Tony gasped, Steve’s only response was to suck him off harder.
“When I was younger, I smuggled a lot of stuff into the city and I am absolutely positive there are aliens among us. So much so that the other guys pegged me for one of those conspiracy nuts!” The man laughed and Steve’s brows pinched together in confusion. He noticed and he gasped, “I’m Solo, like Han Solo? Don't tell me you've never seen Star Wars?”
Tony’s fingers tightened into his flesh and he whispered, “Don’t say it like it’s the last time you’re saying it…”
Tony sighed. That wasn’t going to happen. They would put on the charade and save Steve’s reputation. After all, what were best friends for?
It'd been a week since he and Tony had been admitted to the hospital. Steve was still a patient but he would be able to check out any day now. His arm was a heavy weight against his chest, sitting uselessly in a sling but Steve did not mind. The alternative would've been a burden he could not carry.
Steve was always there for him from the beginning. He was the one who convinced Tony to reach out to Peter. He was the one who convinced Peter to give his dad a chance. He listened to Peter…Steve consoled him, protected him, and loved him like he was his son. Peter knew Steve would do anything for him,
As Steve stared at Bucky, he felt the urge to embrace him again. He was so thankful to have him back –
Nearly everyone in the room jolted up sharply and looked at him in amazement. The last to do so was Howard Stark, sitting up in the middle of the machine and covered in black grease. As soon as his dad’s eyes fell on him, he grinned excitedly.
“How late is it??”
Wade sat on top of a stack of mats and asked, “Where are the Avenger themed pom-poms? I need to cheer on my man!”
“…I still don’t understand what I did wrong,” Wade worriedly murmured.
It was horrible…Steve never had any trouble talking to Tony before now. It was like what happened with Bucky had created a buffer between them.
“No, thanks…That stuff ya drink ain’t coffee, it’s jet fuel,” Bucky retorted.
“Whoops,” he mumbled then threw back his head as he took another shot straight from the bottle of vodka. He put down the vodka bottle on top of the bench then slid off, keeping one hand on the bench to keep steady. He bent down and reached out to where the scotch bottle had rolled. The bottle had emptied a good portion of its contents but he could still see a few more glassfuls of the amber liquid through the clear glass. He leaned forward too far and his fingers broke away from the bench.
Now Barton was on his way back to the Tower with Brock in tow.
“No?” Steve replied, slightly confused.
Steve dropped his head back onto the pillow and tears gathered in his eyes.
Finally, he typed the word “gay” into the search bar. As he typed, it popped up with suggested searches, the top being “gay marriage.” Steve’s eyebrows rose and he selected that option.
He shot down the thought as soon as it appeared. Tony Stark wasn't his father. He had no part in Peter's life and his sudden emergence in it wouldn't change that. His aunt was probably right...This was all probably a publicity stunt.
“…I wanted to stay wit’ you fo-fo’eva,” Tony slurred, his eyes drooping.
Natasha pulled her hand back from his chest and loosened her hold the object. Steve instinctively caught it and was surprised to see it was not her gun but his cell phone.
Tony lifted his gaze and caught Steve’s eyes. His heart skipped a beat.
“It’s good to see you guys,” Steve stated, his eyes spanning over his teammates.
He hadn’t moved since he stood and someone was approaching him.
“Hey!” Tony exclaimed, affronted. “Traitor!”
It wasn’t fair!
“I thought keeping Stevie’s secret was hard enough but now I’m gonna have to deal with keeping your secret too! I can already tell you’re going to be just as frustrating as him.”
“Everything is going according to schedule,” Steve reassured him, pressing down on Tony's shoulder to keep him jumping out of bed. Steve continued, “Pepper is keeping an eye on everything and is getting the communal room ready as we speak. She got our wedding handled in less than 48 hours. She had even more time for Peter's birthday.”
He knew the first time would be painful for Peter but he had prepped him and found his G-spot from there he gave Peter so much pleasure that he couldn’t possibly feel anything else.
“I thought bio-shield was fine,” Peter retorted with a tired grin.
“Are you threatening to expose my son??” Steve hissed. He stepped back and dragged Norman with him, pulling him clear across the desk.
[Ohhhhh, good one!]
Scott got up and offered him a hug, saying, “Congrats, man! When can we see it?”
“To Howard,” Steve replied gruffly.
“Hello, Stark,” Norman grinned. His muscles shook with the effort to hold back the suit with all its thrusters going off.
Clint was the first to speak up, “Oh my God, Tony, is that hickey..?”
Friday led him via the communicator. He cut through crowds of people who didn’t give him a second glance.
Originally, Tony had cut Peter out of his life before he had been born. He did not seek him out until he was nineteen. He wasn’t there for his son as he grew up and when lost too many members of his family. He practically ignored the boy and he couldn’t even imagine the enormous list of wrongs he had done to his parents, Mary especially… There had been a lot Peter had to forgive him for, for Peter to even speak with Tony…but forgive he did and now he wanted Tony to do the same for Wade? A mercenary? A madman and a killer? What if Wade turned on Peter? Would Tony ever be able to forgive himself if that happened?
Or maybe an evil twin? The man tried to rob a bank using Steve’s visage. The Avengers usually did not handle bank robberies but when they heard it was Captain America robbing the bank they had to check it out.
Peter’s eyes got bigger and an excited smile split his face. He asked, “I have a birthday?!” Like birthdays were only things that could happen in the cartoons he watched.
They sat in silence for a moment and thunder rumbled in the distance.
him. God, I need him so much and nothing can fill that. Not even you,” Steve whispered, lightly caressing the side of his face with one of his thumbs. Bucky slowly pushed himself off Steve, his expression stark. Steve grabbed his shirt so he could not escape and whispered, “I just want it to be like when my mother died…I want you to be there, be my friend…I wanted that feeling of being loved.” Steve dropped his head on Bucky’s shoulder and whispered, “Be my rock, Bucky, please, if we start to kiss then we’re both going to become undone. Just hold me and lie.”
“Yeah, go for it. Mi casa, es su casa, etc., etc.” Tony replied and skewered a tender piece of the Tikka Masala. He held it out to Steve and the super soldier gingerly picked it off his fork.
He was happy,
Bucky cut his hair into a new, shorter style and lent Steve some of his clothes before they left but Steve’s chest was a little wider so his shirt was sinfully tight.
“Good morrow, comrades!” Thor greeted, the only one who seemed oblivious to the knowing air in the room. Steve was flushing under the others stares and felt mortified by the fact that Ben was still there. It was one thing to confess his homosexuality to him, it was a whole other to shove it in his face.
They came nearly at the same time and Steve collapsed at Tony’s side.
He looked down and saw Peter was in his embrace, sleeping with his face tucked into Wade’s shoulder.
Tony glanced around the room and realized Pepper was gone.
His would-be-savior jumped back from Tony like he had the plague. He even flinched at the sound of Tony’s voice and turned back to him. Despite being covered in fire extinguisher ash, his expression was easy to read and he was clearly conflicted by something prevailing. Whatever it was, the intruder was torn by it as he looked at Tony.
! So we have to get caught somehow!”
“Then what is it? Coercion? Brain washing? Steve, you and Tony butt out of our business and don’t you dare put Peter up to anything like this again!” She turned to Peter and snapped, “Run around the gym twenty more times, go through the usual exercises, do ten front flips and ten backflips in proper form then you are done for the day.” Natasha turned to Steve and said, “I suggest you watch him because I have to go threatened your boyfriend then break James’s nose
Objective one of two achieved. He was one step closer to killing her. But what was her name? How will he get it out of her?
They brought Howard over to a workbench and reassured his workers he was fine. Steve used the clipboard to fan him and Bucky paced behind him.
The Red Skull looked at her, handed James a loaded gun, and grinned, “Kill her and then her companion.”
“Of course,” Tony replied, crossing his arms over his chest.
Tony had an oxygen mask on and he moaned as he reached out to Steve.
Steve flushed and quickly buttoned up his jeans. Then his adorable super soldier took one look at Tony in nothing but his tiny boxer briefs and then stepped in front of him to guard his decency, making Tony snort.
Gary was working as always and as soon as he spotted them, he hopped onto their usual order.
“Can we keep it quiet?” Tony elaborated to the people before him.
Steve turned to Tony with a frown and stated, “There is no way that is fitting in Peter’s toy chest!”
“No way,” Bucky gasped. “You have to tell us how we end up at least!”
Natasha hummed, not sounding convinced.
“Dr. Nathan Kaswani,” the American replied as he shook his hand. “It’s nice to meet you Mr. Carter.”
“If these days are my last, I don’t want to spend them denying what we are…You’re my soulmate, Steve,” Tony whispered, he turned his head and kissed the palm of Steve’s hand that cupped his cheek. “I don’t just want you…I
Vision took the orb from Wanda, gifting the young woman one of his rare, gentle smiles, and then he turned to the camera, stating, “Any form of assistance will hinder me only. I will be fine, Captain. I have journeyed through the atmosphere and the space beyond before. All you can do now is regroup… and prepare for your son’s birthday. I should be back by then.”
Peter let go of Wade and looked to his right, where the new sound came from.
“And Natasha loves him very much,” Bucky added.
Tony rested his head on Steve’s shoulder and whispered, “Yeah, that’s because of light pollution. The city is a glowing galaxy in its own right but it makes it impossible to see the galaxies beyond our reach.”
Tony could barely believe it but…he was in the middle of a very active Hydra base that was no longer dead because…because he was no longer in his era.
“This is so surreal,” Tony whispered.
Steve scooted closer to him and asked, “Are you serious? You were so
Steve returned the smile, impervious to Tony's thoughts.
“I love you too, Peter,” Wade whispered and his leaned in and kissed Peter again. This time he did it more slowly, cherishing every touch of their mouths, fingertips, and bodies. Peter was more precious than his own life and he tried to express this with his kiss.
“Now who should we set up next?” Tony’s head moved beneath him as he looked around the room. Steve humored him and he picked his head off Tony’s and Tony lifted his head and his eyes spanned the room. His gaze landed on Clint and the corners of his lips curled up into a devious grin.
Bruce chuckled and said, “I’m glad to see I’m not the only one with a fucked up life.”
Cable didn’t turn around, but he did grumble something indistinguishable and kept working on the reactor.
Peter snorted and murmured, “It’s going to be great having you there.”
But Bucky was dead and soon Steve would be too. All the plans they had made once they returned to New York, amounted to nothing.
Thinking fast, Steve asked, “What about the glass cage we contained Loki in? Do we have another?”
Tony just reached the doors when he heard Steve behind him say, “Wait up!”
Dum Dum grabbed Steve's arm and started to do a bastardized version of the dosey-doe. Tony didn't have to have an excuse to watch him as they were now the center of attention, swinging around the tables without a care.
This very well may be the last time Steve would see his and Tony’s son and he wanted to hold onto the moment for as long as he could…because Peter was the future he and Tony should have…not this.
“For my own safety…” Wade seriously replied, “I plead the fifth…”
How much more powerful was this thing? But, more importantly, what was happening to Peter??
“Anything for you, beloved,” Tony promised.
Venom’s body exploded as the green beast pushed back with an incredible force. As he reformed, he heard the beast murmur, “This experiment obviously failed. You are worthless to me.”
With absolute horror, he watched the same stranger walk back up the stairs holding his spare reactor.
They stumbled to the bed and kicked off their underwear. They frantically kissed and rubbed against each other, like they could be brought back to the battle any second.
Tony laughed loudly and said, “And you share my amazing sense of humor!”
“I want to fly over there right now and just break him out,” Tony moaned, rubbing his eyes.
Tony narrowed his eyes at him and grumbled, “…You sorta came back to life without any warning. Finding you was more of a priority than getting lube.”
Sam passed over the baby and said, “Thanks, Steve…”
With his free hand, Schmidt grasped the edge of Steve’s implant that was sticking up and then looked at Steve. He whispered, “Say it.”
“You sure?” Steve asked, uncertain.
At the time, Tony didn’t realize how much
,” Tony groaned. Steve moaned in encouragement and sloppily kissed him.
Stark grunted and turned to his husband, asking, “What did I miss?”
Since it was such a nice day, it was crowded, especially so by the water.
“Dad and I are going to go to Uncle Bruce now. Are you alright staying with Uncle Clint?” Peter nodded sullenly and Steve ran his hand through his hair. He murmured, “I promise Peter, it will be soon…” He and Tony stepped back into the elevator.
Tony grinned and began to slowly unbutton Steve’s shirt from the bottom up. Steve’s breathing picked up, Tony’s gaze never broke away from his as his fingers opened his shirt. Steve felt like he burned under his eyes.
“We used the Tesseract to bring you here. The Red Skull himself was here to insert it into the machine but he removed it as soon as you appeared and left with it because you did not seem to be functioning. He couldn’t let himself nor the Tesseract fall into enemy hands.”
5/8/16 EDIT: There will be a part 2 to this series. All the details can be found
Bucky stopped breathing as he did it. In fact, it seemed everyone did and the only noise to be heard was the hiss of the metal.
“Tony, I love you but please, stop,” Steve begged for him to put an end to the clichés.
Tony was hurt and pissed and he was soooo glad Point Break tried to break his brother out of the quinjet on their way back to the helicarrier.
“No!” Steve gasped and jolted forward instinctively, almost hurdling himself off the building. Yet Venom was not destroyed like he feared and reformed in a matter of seconds. It shrieked in Hulk’s face, baring over two dozen, long, sharp teeth. Hulk roared in reply and drew back his fists again.
it. It went exactly as we remembered it.”
Tony’s hands lowered and latched onto Steve’s trousers on either side of his hips and then slid along the seam to meet in the middle where he unfastened them. Steve reached down and did the same to Tony, his fingers shaking slightly. They divulged each other of the last of their clothing and finally they were both naked.
Bucky nodded and then looked to Steve. They had to go.
Peter was defiant until the end. That was his Peter. Peter was alive and he was going to survive this.
He had the appointment the next day and within the week he was able to get the surgery.
{One could say you “savagely” fucked up.} The other countered.
“Master Parker?” Jarvis questioned, the phone vibrated slightly in his back pocket from the rise of intonation in the AI’s voice.
Tony did as she asked and grabbed the box. He went to the bedroom as if in a trance and Bucky was waiting up there for him. They both stared at each other and Tony was still too shocked by his appearance to really process the fact that he was actually standing there.
Rhodes followed his progression until Steve disappeared into the next room.
He tossed the toast on a plate and handed it to his grinning mate. Tony took the plate and stood up on the tips of his toes to steal a quick kiss.
“No reaction for Subject B either,” Peter stated with a grin.
“Anoder uncle,” he murmured with aspiration and Steve had to stifle a chuckle. Poor Peter had nearly a dozen people to call uncle and was probably having trouble keeping track.
“I’ll be back tomorrow morning,” Steve whispered. “Please, promise me you’ll reconsider your opinions…” Steve bit down on his lips and then pleaded with a more choked voice, “
He ran his thumb over the soft flesh and felt her nipple puckering beneath. She pressed into his touch with a light huff and put her hand over his, pressing him deeper into his flesh.
Behind his metal mask, Steve could easily envision Tony’s hidden cocky smile.
Tony hooked up the container and connected it to his systems. Pepper helped him with the monitoring and nervously chewed on her lip as she watched him begin the shut down process.
Steve simply pressed a gentle kiss to Tony’s lips before he could argue away Steve’s apology. Kissing Tony again felt like coming home. His heart soared as he remembered how much he loved this man. Tony returned the kiss and any anxiety Steve felt about his impending death melted away.
Tony chuckled darkly and said, “You know me too well.”
And…Tony sighed again, slightly shaking his head. His mind was coming up with all sorts of wild theories and foolish ideas. But his father was looking at him like this, not because he was his future son, but because he was a key to an advanced knowledge.
“...Sir follows the teachings of many wise men,” Jarvis stated. “One of his favored, Mahatma Gandhi, stated, ‘The weak can never forgive. Forgiveness is an attribute to the strong.’ Sir is anything but ‘weak,’ Master Rogers.”
– I love you –.”
“Jarvis—?”
“SHIELD has yet to comment about the incident in Central Park but the countless civilian videos—.”
“T-Tony?” Steve asked, trying to sit up more from his obtuse position. His wounds pulled and he fell back into the bed with a groan.
“How would you like to go with me to the Stark Employee Expo?”
“Who my father is doesn’t change me, Eddie,” Peter retorted, speaking louder so everyone heard him. The whispers came to an immediate stop as everyone turned to look at him. He put down his reports and faced the rest of the lab, stating, “I’m still the same person. I’m still Peter.”
blue color. And then I saw your smile, and I instantly needed to smash my mouth against yours because it was so hot.” Wade's mouth broke into a smile and he ducked his head to laugh. Peter lightly began to caress his face and whispered, “I never once thought you ugly, because, to me, you aren’t…”
Steve and Cable stole a car and sped over to Stark Enterprises.
“Peter started dating…Wade,” Steve began, exchanging nervous glances with his husband.
“I am not trying to murder you, Master Parker,” Jarvis stated. “I am merely enforcing the new restrictions constructed by Sir.”
,” Tony sighed.
And he was completely alright with it.
That silence, however, was nothing compared to the silence that filled the tiny courtroom when Steve was led inside. Conversations came to an immediate halt and the dozen or so people in the room seemed to collectively hold their breath.
“Did you say rumor?”
The waiting room was a hive of activity. Mostly he saw worried or pained expressions of people waiting to be seen by a doctor. He avoided their eyes but he saw a few do a double take as they recognized him. Did these people know what happened to him? What did the Avengers reveal to the public? Or did they think he was still in his right mind and had been tucked away safely in the Tower for the last week?
“Nah, you’ll always be the old man here,” Tony teased.
As her lips were connected with his, she gently slipped his gun from his grasp. He did not fight her for possession of the weapon. In fact, he was glad she took it. It made him a fraction less dangerous.
He got up with a groan and rubbed his hungry belly and, with one glance at the clock on the wall, he saw he missed dinner and Tony’s bedtime. He walked down the hall and poked his head in Tony’s room. From the glow of his Captain America nightlight, he saw his son was fast asleep. Howard silently closed the door and made his way to the kitchen.
His very soul protested the thought of leaving Tony.
However, he barely noted it with the tremendous emotional pain of having Peter ripped out of his arms constricting his heart.
Peter smiled at both of them and then tried to shift but groaned as his skin tingled with pain. Both men were awake in an instant and Tony even sleepily hissed, “Wha’s wrong??”
Pops’ voice trembled with emotion as he stated, “Hey, Petey.”
Bucky murmured something in Russian and buried his face in the cushion.
“Sir!”
“My face is a pizza!” The fifteen-year-old groaned. He buried said face in his hands and hunched over dramatically.
“Repeat what you told me earlier, Captain.”
It was as shocking and painful as a slap to the face, only it was his heart that was hit and the prickly tingling sensation that was left behind, remained in his chest and did not go away even when Tony dropped his hand and left him behind in the lobby without a single backwards glance.
Steve sighed heavily and looked down to Tony. He caught Tony looking at him so he took the chance to say, “I’m sorry about earlier. I didn’t mean any of it. I don’t blame you for any of this.”
Peter knew exactly who Tony was talking about and countered, “Wade is nothing like Obadiah. Wade cares for me.”
“…Okay, but wait a moment,” Tony said and he slipped from Steve’s side to quickly remove his shoes and pants. Upon Steve’s sleepy scrutiny, Tony explained, “I’m going to lay with you until you wake and if you don’t wake up I’m going to leave your side and you sure as hell better wake or so help me…I –
He stopped altogether when he came across the pieces to the circular placard that had been around it.
“There’s something in my ass but it’s doing nothing for me right now,” Tony groaned melodramatically, flopping his limbs.
Steve spun around to where the Sinister Six were gathered and quickly counted five heads. He gasped, “You don’t think –?”
The idiots did not suspect him.
This was the man he’d married less than a week ago.
“Logan called me yesterday,” Natasha stated. “He went to spar with Wade but found Peter there too, with this ‘shield.’ Logan said it didn’t smell good.”
The hearing moved on and the prosecution stated their reasons Steve’s bail should be revoked, “Steven Rogers has the backing of a multi-billionaire, he is known to frequently leave the country, he has few ties to the community, and he has connections to
“Steve...Ah – I mean – I…” Tony struggled for words, a flush growing in his own cheeks.
“I can do this,” Steve whispered. He reevaluated his words and stated to himself, “…I have to do this.”
“Heyyyah!” Peter announced, reminding them of his presence.
was off Peter, any unease he felt was gone. Wade had traced and tasted nearly every inch of Peter’s body but he still felt like he was opening his very first Christmas gift.
“Hello,” Wade whispered, his voice still scratchy from sleep.
“Yes, Sir,” Jarvis replied and the machine turned on with a light purr as the water heated. Tony stumbled over to it like a man on a mission. He continued to hold Peter’s toy as if it were an extension of his arm.
“It’s just a part of the testing phase,” Tony reassured him.
Tony couldn’t take it anymore. He let out a frustrated groan and stormed out of the room. Clint would be relentless in questioning the Winter Soldier but, by now, Tony knew the answer would always be the same.
“But not like monkeys?” Wade asked, sounding confused.
And Tony had no way of knowing how long the media would drag out their obsession of their relationship. If they became the “It” couple then they could be in the spotlight for
“Yeah,” Steve replied, huskily. He nodded and repeated in a clearer voice, “Yeah. Yeah, I am…” He scooted closer to Tony and pulled him into his embrace. He held him for a moment, thankful he somehow made it into Steve’s life.
“Yes!” Steve jumped to his feet and pointed to the metal building they led him out of. He said, “She’s there! Kilian has her strapped down to this gurney and she-she was glowing!”
“Yes, Sir.”
“I should ask Tony first,” Steve said. “He extended the invitation years ago and that was before Peter…”
And these were all things disallowed him.
“Peter hasn’t appeared yet?”
Pepper sighed heavily and said, “Jarvis told me everything and the first thing I did was call Phil but he did not pick up.”
His fingers then strayed to the red marks left by the bandages and whispered, “Does it hurt having such tight wrappings?”
“Please let me go,” Peter begged, what was probably the thousandth time.
me, my parents, and tried as hard as hell to kill Wade despite his abilities…” Peter hissed, gripping the bars around him tightly.
Steve rolled his eyes and murmured, “We are going to bed.”
Steve had reopened some wounds and was bleeding again and felt a little dizzy because of it, but he ignored it in favor of watching the approaching figures. Vision and his load would be there shortly. His fellow Avenger was growing impossibly larger as he flew quickly toward the Tower. The quinjet was behind them, a speck on the horizon but it too would be there in no time.
(See the end of the chapter for
“My skin must be irritated or something,” Tony murmured thoughtfully. His brow pinched with concern and Steve sat up straighter, his spine tingling unpleasantly at the look in Tony’s eyes. But then Tony laughed unexpectedly and murmured, “I usually slather my body with ridiculously expensive soaps and creams so I guess this is my skin’s way of complaining. I used to put this honey-milk, Japanese seaweed extract thing around it. My doctor recommended it and looks like she recommended it for a reason! Plus, I never smothered my reactor quite like I'm doing now…I’ll see if I can grab some skincare creams from medical and keep an eye on it.”
Steve snorted and rolled his eyes. He tickled the little guy’s knees and asked, “Was that a song about your knees?”
“And as I was digging myself a grave,” Tony murmured, meeting Steve’s gaze with eyes dancing with mirth. “Steve eventually was able to understand from my babbling that I was trying to back out of asking him out and admitting to
Events from the Winter Solider are ahead! But lots of canon divergence as I play with timelines, plot, and the boys' emotions! :)
“Yup and if you blow out all the candles you get to make a wish,” Steve whispered into his ear. Peter inhaled sharply as he took Steve’s words seriously. The song ended and everyone called for Peter to blow out his candles. Steve positioned Peter over the cake and said, “Blow on three. One, two, three!” Steve blew with him and they extinguished all three candles.
Steve’s eyes flickered down and he bit back a groan. It was the most erotic sight he had ever seen. He was fully erect, his penis bright red against honey-licked skin of Tony’s hand. Tony’s fingers were wrapped around the base of his shaft and his face was a hair’s width away from it.
“Shall I inform Sir of your arrival?” Jarvis asked.
“Hey,” Clint said indigently, lifting his head off the couch.
Steve leaned into Tony and they held their hands between them in the fissure created by their parallel legs. Tony had sweated while out in the field so, as Steve lay his head on top of Tony’s, all he could smell was Tony. He closed his eyes and remembered the few nights they had alone together when all they could smell was their own sweat and the Vaseline they used as lubricant.
Shaking, he wrapped his arms around himself and ice splintered off his body with every tiny shudder. His mind was coming back to him slowly and he looked around the cockpit and barely recognized it thanks to the ice and snow.
Steve woke gasping trying to fill his lungs with something more but every inhalation made it worse. His lungs filled with air but it was like he was sucking on a tiny straw getting barely anything. He ripped the shroud off his face and dust coated his throat, making it worse.
Steve sighed and reached out to Tony. Tony’s eyes flickered to his outstretched hand then, after a brief pause, took it into his grasp. Steve squeezed his hand and whispered, “Yes, you are a
Thor raised his hammer as Coulson struggled to get to his feet just outside the door. The agent managed to gasp, “No! Wait-!” before Mjölnir released another shockwave.
Hours had passed and it grew late. The Avengers looked tired but were also determined. They wanted to help Peter.
Steve peered sadly at Tony. Tony felt totally exposed with both his body and heart out on display for Steve. He could easily destroy him with the wrong words.
Natasha nodded. Her usually stoic face was blank but her eyes danced with joy as she looked down at her soulmate.
, am going to woo you.”
Tony smirked at his husband and then turned back to his screens, closing the majority of them with a single swipe. As he opened new ones, he stated, “If you really are just curious about the bio-shield, I’d ask Peter about it himself. He created it after all.”
“I didn’t call,” Tony retorted.
Memories of the changing Iron Man suit flooded Steve’s mind. The technology changed when the past had been altered.
He didn’t even have a recent photo…
Bucky scooted next to him and bumped into his shoulder as he replied, “Oh, I think he did…” Bucky paused and then stated, “You’re a great father, Stevie.”
“Ultron was rather boring compared to most,” Peter joked.
“I’m so happy…I didn’t ever think I could feel this happy,” Steve observed in an astonished whisper.
To which, Tony grinned and replied, “I’m just hoping he makes two cards because if he gives us only one I am stealing it and hording it in my workshop…”
Tony led the way by leading Steve away from the hustle and bustle of camp. With his heart rate picking up, Tony took him into the forest where no one would see them.
Steve stared at him dumbly, making Tony grin. He finally made the Captain speechless.
Wade grasped Peter’s waist and thrust his cock against Peter as he agreed, “Uh huh.”
Tony slowly turned to his father with an uneasy smile and said, “Hey, Dad…”
Tony made Peter a mock workstation that mimicked pieces in Tony’s own workshop. Peter played on it constantly. It made noises, lit up, and holograms set off fake sparks similar to the real ones Tony worked with. The mock workstation was located on the edge of Tony’s workshop and had a protective shield between it and the actual workshop just in case something went wrong with Tony’s work. The shield was clear so Peter could watch Tony with a critical eye and imitate what he was doing.
Peter bit his lip and felt tears pooling in his eyes again. It seemed like all he was good for now was crying. He sobbed, “I am
“Alright…And speaking of Stark. He’s been too quiet. Romanov is good but she doesn’t have an in inside the Tower anymore. If you have time, poke your head in on him. Stark and quiet are a deadly combination.”
The team was loud and trading stories which led to Clint and Natasha talking about Budapest as they ate. Natasha was smiling at the story while Clint groaned and shook his head. They both contributed to the tale that was sounding more dubious by the second.
Tony pushed himself up with a light moan as his muscles pulled and he stated, “Let’s clean up in the water and maybe we could do other stuff while we are out there.”
So, needless to say, lot's of angsty stuff happening next chapter! I will post in another week! Thanks for reading! :3
“Yes, it did,” Steve replied. “When Uncle Bucky remembered the safe word, he was so happy that he cried…He was terrified of losing control and hurting us. So, please, don’t treat it like a joke.”
“You’re going to have to wear a jockstrap,” Dad teased and Peter blushed deeply.
“As your leader I command you to retreat!” Steve yelled to everyone. His friends looked to Steve with torn expressions. Tony froze and looked at him as if he had maliciously shot him point blank. “Follow my last command and protect Peter.
“You…You think I slept with him?” Tony asked incredulously. “As in had sex!? Sex-sex??”
“…Right,” Steve said, Steve stared dumbly at Happy for a moment as he processed his words. When he finally understood them and, saw that they were indeed back at the tower, he stated, “Thank you.”
“Pep – we – no, I…I was wondering, and I know this is probably the worst time to ask but, can I adopt you? Legally make you my son? I love you very much Pete and would be honored if you said yes, because, in my mind, you're already my boy.”
“Money, showboating, revenge…the possibilities are endless,” Tony replied in a low whisper so Clint wouldn’t overhear them. “But whatever it is, we’ll save his family in the end. No matter what.”
“Then think of it this way…Bruce was trying to recreate the super soldier serum, when he had created the Hulk instead.” Bucky stated, “Pete may have been trying to make something good but made
“He was a good man,” Tony whispered. Steve’s shaking renewed with the statement and his fingers dug into Tony’s arms. Steve nodded to Tony’s statement but did not verbally reply as he repressed his sobs.
Tony grasped his collar and murmured, “Come here you bandaged up idiot. I am freaking in love with you too.” Tony kissed him and Steve fell into him. The content feeling he thought he had lost after Tony left settled back into place and he knew it was there to stay.
His eyes focused on Tony and that joy grew into bliss. He was returning to more than just his friends now.
Sliding on her knees, she dove under him and dodged his initial attack. She kicked up her leg as she was under him, intending to hit him.
“He wants us to report Peter as missing to the police,” Steve murmured with understanding.
“Why didn’t you tell me?” Peter pouted.
It was vastly different from Gwen. Her body had been light and soft with curves and breasts. But Wade…Wade was heavy and hot and his skin was rough with scars and tough with thick muscles. Instead of breasts, he had a broad chest that was flat and Peter was better able to feel Wade’s heart beat frantically faster than his.
“And how is that stupid?” Natasha demanded.
Steve gently took Peter into his arms and his son groaned slightly. Steve had to force himself from removing his mask and checking on him. Peter still had a secret identity and no one other than the Avengers knew Spider-Man and Peter Parker, the infamous, adoptive son of Captain America and Iron Man were one in the same.
“I can’t wait,” Steve replied breathlessly, making Tony smirk.
The seating was tight and once everyone was piled in Steve was pressed in on each side. He pressed his arms onto either side of himself so his neighbors would feel his biceps instead the edge of his shield. Dr. Kaswani was one of his neighbors and the last in.
“He graduates high school at least…” Tony sighed and Steve elbowed him.
“Wh-Where is he now?” Tony garbled. When he did not see Steve in either lab, he did not think much on it. He had assumed he went to their apartment to take a shower or change clothes. But what if..?
Or was he another conquest? His heart twisted at the thought.
“Brother,” Hulk repeated but this time his voice was layered in sorrow and recognition. He smelled Peter somewhere in the shadows of the monster.
Both Steve and Tony snorted and exchanged knowing glances.
Steve nodded again but this time with a flush spreading across his face.
Tony’s heart was ripped apart from this: he was angry for his parents’ horrible murders, sad for Bucky’s unwelcomed fate, and – and,
Steve stood behind Tony as his mate’s hands danced across a hologram screen. He was pulling up plans to the warehouse and the surrounding area as they flew to it. Steve was silently cataloging the information and forming all possible battle plans.
His notebook slid from his lap with his waking and he squawked loudly as he caught it. He grinned sheepishly at Tony, but his son continued to frown at him…a look he’d grown used to seeing…
His son automatically started to play with it, using an elephant cracker to talk to the action figure. Steve stepped back and Peter was so wrapped up in his game that he did not notice Steve’s absence.
,” Tony growled. “They’re going to post this kind of crap even if they know it’s not true! They’re just doing it to sell the story!”
Steve quickly separated the distance between them and held him as tightly as he could. Tony did the same and both of them silently cried the rest of the night, neither never letting go of the other.
chest.
“Is that –?” Steve gasped.
Tony closed his eyes as he snuggled up to Steve with a content sigh and was half ready to take a nap in his arms, but then he heard the light crack of the lubricant being opened and then felt Steve's slick fingers reaching behind Tony.  His fiancé lightly bit his earlobe and whispered, "Your turn."
Schmidt cut into his arm and dragged the blade deeply around the implant.
“Disarm her, Soldier.”
like a child.
“I do love
Saying it aloud made his heart clench.
The additional bear was all black and had a tiny knife duct taped to its paw. Natasha he guessed and now he was more intrigued by her story if her bear came with a knife…
Cable looked down at the photo with a frown and speculated, “We’re missing something…something is preventing our timelines to sync. Maybe there’s something Stark didn’t do because we interfered?”
A madman who called himself Doctor Doom tried to take over Washington D.C. with giant “doom-bots.” All the Avengers were called in to bring his invasion to a stop.
Peter’s hands grabbed onto Wade’s shirt and he gasped into his lips, “T-The lube?”
No – No, Tony could not recognize him. if he went to the past knowing Steve was there…
Tony’s mouth went dry and all he could think was: Zola, train, Swiss alps, Bucky, and, inevitably, the worst of all...
“All rise,” the bailiff announced, signaling to the court that the judge was entering. Tony let go of his shoulder as they both got to their feet.
Over the last few weeks, the continuous frown had only encouraged Howard to smile more, but Howard’s smile slipped a little as he remembered last night.
Steve ducked his head as he was overcome. He hid his face in the crook of Tony’s neck and breathed evenly to try and control his emotions.
“Well, hello there,” Steve greeted the little boy in happy robot pajamas. The boy gargled at him and laughed, waving his arms to be picked up. Steve did just that and smiled warmly at his soulmate. The little boy excitedly slapped at Steve’s face, gurgling madly and making noises analogous to words…or maybe they were words but Steve couldn’t decipher them. He wasn’t too sure when babies started talking.
‘That is exactly what I want it to be,’ Wade countered. It was quickly followed by a second text, ‘Unless you say otherwise. Because bros before bro hoes.’
Steve sat at the counter and ran his hand over his hair again. He waited a beat then voiced the question on the tip of his tongue.
They emptied out of the car and Tony announced, “Alright, everyone, you know the drill! Pick a room, any room! Jarvis is here too so if you need any help with anything just ask him! We should only be here until Steve and I are discovered so expect only a few days at the most!”
“Thanks, Gary,” Steve said, tipping his coffee cup in recognition. They both waved goodbye and slipped away drinking their caffeine and happily leaning into each other.
Tony: "I am not losing another person I love to that monster...Even if it's the last thing I do!"
“No, you are not! Why did you do that!?” Pops demanded.
“Fine,” he grumbled and Steve released a pent up sigh.
When the crew called cut, the lights dimmed and the smile dropped from Tony’s face. With a cool glare, Tony murmured under his breath, “You and your studio will never get an interview with Peter, anyone operating under Stark Industries, or the Avengers ever again.”
Tony's heart was racing but he needed to say this.
Peter nodded to the television and stated, “Vision is taking care of it.”
“Are you sure you don’t need help with that, Captain?” The soldier asked in concern.
“What does this mean??” Tony demanded.
Steve collapsed, his anxiety at confirming his friend had survived was the only thing keeping him on his feet. The elation that washed through him made him fall to his knees and then onto his behind.
Peter stopped the tear rolling down Wade’s cheek with a gentle wipe of his finger and whispered, “I love you too, Wade Wilson.
“If the time traveler from the future wants to try it, I don’t see the problem,” Bucky retorted. Bucky looked forward, at nothing in particular as he stated, “I think you should go for it…You’re lonely, Steve. You’re so lonely sometimes it breaks my heart just to look at you.”
children now.
“I’ve got a year…probably less if I keep using my suit,” Tony explained, his voice sounding far away. He touched his reactor and ironically said, “The very thing that’s keeping me alive is killing me…”
“Are these people spreading these ‘rumors’ about me and Wade the same ones who think I’m a clone of my dad?” Peter asked sarcastically, and the audience laughed as if on cue. He still had his eyebrow raised and was staring pointedly at Sophie. Before coming to the program, their media teams got together and complied an outline of the show. Peter had known all the questions she was going to throw at him and she was going to know the answers. It was practically scripted and these questions about Wade were not a part of it. They were going to talk about what Christmas and Thanksgiving were like with the Avengers. That was supposed to be it.
He didn’t work on anything. He didn’t have the heart to even touch anything.
“M’Fine, just a bad dream…”
Peter sat up, chewing on his lip nervously. He and Wade had been dancing around this since yesterday and Wade finally made his move. Now it was up to Peter to make the next. He gave Peter an easy out. Peter could ask to go as friends only but…
“…Only one of us will be able to go in and apply the volts,” Bruce stated and directed his gaze to the back of the room.
Tony sighed loudly and then whispered, “I’m sorry this happened. I can try to rein it in. Right now it is only speculation. Richard was my cousin. We can spin off our similar appearances to come from family relations and not father-son relations.”
The house was seemingly empty and there was no reply. Doubt instantly began to grow.
“I want you in real life too,” Tony replied in a tiny, pain filled voice.
He missed Tony so much…
"Whatever you want, Buck. Whatever you want..."
His mind could not fathom it all.
His heart clenched painfully as he remembered his last promises had been made to Peter. He promised Peter he would save him, would he break his promise to Tony as well?
Steve only had time to register surprise.
Tony frowned as he touched the spot his friend had fallen asleep. He was going to have to ween Steve out of his habit.
Oh God…
– and I remember -
“I did not think so,” Bruce murmured wryly. “I would not have suggested it in the first place…But this is clearly an effect of the gamma-radiation. He might have had it all along. He reacted similarly when Loki held him…The tests show he is fine.”
Tony relaxed. No Hydra. With that thought, he rolled his eyes as he sarcastically murmured, “
It took him nearly a week to watch it a second time. When he first watched it, he became angry. He thought Stark was trying to trick him into thinking he really didn't know about the recording so he didn't even watch the full video. Curiosity finally got the better of him in the end.
“Any science! My brain is too frazzled to work in my workshop but not doing anything constructive is making me insane,” Tony moaned.
“Jarvis…Where is Steve?” Tony questioned, perplexed by his friend’s absence.
But he did not pull away. He had to stop him but…How many times had he dreamed of Bucky doing this? He kept telling himself he would let it continue for only a few more seconds but after those few seconds he repeated his excuse over and over until it became a useless drone in his head. Steve closed his eyes as Bucky’s lips rose and followed a path along his jawline. Steve pushed him back for the action and cracked open his eyes, meeting Bucky's dark blue gaze.
“I really like you, Tony,” Steve whispered. “I…I know we can't but…” Steve chuckled to himself and mumbled, “I don't want to leave this alone now that…that I know.”
“If you help him,” Steve replied. He quickly scanned the group and did not see his son. A prickling of unease started at the base of his spine and he left the kitchen without another word. He looked to the base of the bunny again but his son was still not there. Steve jogged across the room and looked into the other rooms and saw no trace of him.
“We’re going to be really old by then if we’re fretting over our great-grandchildren,” Steve commented with a sad grin.
With a paling face, he fumbled with his left gauntlet. His hands were shaky and tears were forming in his eyes. Bruce paled as he also realized what had happened.
“The cameras in this section have been purposely turned off,” Jarvis informed him. The suit let go of him and Jarvis inspected his wound. “Tissue damage only. No organ, bone, or vessel damage. I estimate three stiches needed.”
“A love letter,” Steve stated with a nod and Bucky’s gaze turned inward and thoughtful as he already began composing it.
Steve snorted and lay his head on Tony’s and whispered, “And I still love you too, sweetheart…”
“M’ name’s Steve Rogers, you?”
“Looks like you’re stuck with me for a couple more decades,” Tony stated with a teasing shrug.
He shook his head and murmured, “I am a machine for my master. I am not allowed to have a name, only a mission.”
Five days later, Steve was probably an expert in the history between his and Tony’s eras and also proficient in Norman Osborn.
Tony carried his Iron Man suitcase by the tips of his fingers of his broken arm. He wore a hospital gown and his face was still battered enough to be unrecognizable. Tony was pale and his face gaunt beneath the damage. He must have been using all his strength to remain standing. Tony’s eyes hardened as they fell upon the symbiotic tendrils pulling at Steve’s skin.
There's a happy ending, I promise! <3
Steve could hold out. He could take the beatings or any other pain Schmidt could come up with. He’d
– I will leave this carrier and announce to the world we are dating!”
“Big ba-da boom big,” Tony stated with a smirk and the men traded knowing glances, their words going over Steve’s head and he innately knew hey were referencing some obscure movie he'd never seen.
were handsome. It was at that point I realized my feelings towards you were changing.”
When he finally sorted his mind, his entire body was instantly consumed with adrenaline filled foreboding. What happened?? The last things he remembered were seeing Peter and hearing Steve’s voice call out to him. What had the Goblin done??
Tony typed in a few lines of code and hit enter. The files began to download on to his server. They watched the files load and the different sections were listed off with the simple titles SHIELD have given each files. They varied from “Rogers, Steven: Pre-Serum Medical” to “Vita Ray Levels.”
Howard inhaled sharply and gasped, “Is that..?”
“If you hurt him, I'll make sure your future ain't so bright.”
“I was just thinking of my son’s safety!” Tony growled, getting in his face.
“I can beat you in Mario Cart, hands down,” Peter challenged.
And ran and ran…and then ran by Tony’s.
Peter fell into the dumpster, gasping deeply for breath and gagging as he tried to get the taste of Venom out of his mouth. All his muscles were shaking as he struggled to stay standing.
Tony did not even notice his face until he landed and he turned to him.
“How the hell are we going to contain that thing??” Clint asked. He had an arrow drawn but was pointing it at the ground.
I think that's it... enjoy! :D
More blasts rocked the building but Tony ignored it in favor of checking on Steven and put his hand on his neck, feeling for a pulse. His back was an ugly mess of electrical burns and he couldn’t tell if he was breathing by the odd way his torso was twisted.
What if Steve wasn’t there? What if it was only darkness?
Steve looked at his scars and then lowered his shirt in order to properly scowl at him.
Peter reached into the bush and Steve heard a loud crack. Peter pulled half the bush out and said, “Look, Papa!
Tony smirked cheekily in return and teased, “You have a fetish for the suit, admit it.”
“You don’t have to,” Bucky stated. “You said it yourself, we can’t change what happened, but we can move forward and I want to do that. I want to move forward.”
Steve waved at them but led Tony over to where the cooks had set up the breakfast line.
Steve clenched his fist and promised to the unconscious man, “I won’t let you die.”
This time...this time he felt all of that but...he also felt ill. Because he had nowhere to go to escape the danger. The pressure was coming in from all angles and he was seconds away from vomiting or passing out.
Bucky didn’t even consider it this time.
“I should be fine,” was Tony’s breathless reply.
Steve’s eyes widened comically and his mouth broke into an exuberant smile that didn’t look like it could possibly get any bigger. They began to walk to the elevator and Steve kissed his cheek and then wrapped his arm around Tony’s side as they walked. He gushed, “You do realize what you just said right?”
Rogers laughed and said, “Oh my goodness, you
– no matter the danger – I want
Steve sighed heavily and sat down where Howard had been sitting a moment prior. With a hushed voice, he relayed everything Tony told him about the coming days. As his account progressed, Peggy’s face grew paler until he told her about the plane crash and she cupped her mouth with a pained gasp.
Seeing Harry again after everything that had transpired was a whole other thing. His best friend was the only one of his friends that knew everything about Peter. So Peter decided that, that factor in their relationship would not change and he asked Uncle Bruce to tell him about Venom. The only thing Peter had requested of his friend was to continue to keep his secrets but, with this new information, he asked Harry to keep this from his father as well. Norman Osborn always knew Peter was Pops’ son and had powers. Mr. Osborn was always lax in the rules concerning his only son but he might just keep his son away if he thought Peter was a threat to him…
He knew he had to avoid all things internet so he decided he’d kill the time more productively.
“Wha-?”
Steve turned his head to watch it. At first, he thought it was trying to leave Peter and escape the cage. But then the mass lifted the remains of the sign pole with several long tendrils of its inky black form and the breath caught in Steve’s throat.
A surge of bravery ran through Steve and he kissed him, his lips lingering long enough to steal some of Tony’s warmth. It was the first time Steve ever kissed a man. Tony’s lips were as soft and warm as a woman’s but his goatee scratched him every time either of them moved. He drew back and Tony leaned forward with an objecting noise to try and stop Steve from breaking the kiss. Steve laughed and pushed him away. He asked, “Till next time?”
His helmet was completely gone and blood was trailing from both corners of his mouth. Steve worriedly cupped his face and then his gaze trailed downward to the damaged suit hiding his husband’s damaged body.
He held up Peter and said, “He is going to look so adorable with your shield or my reactor on his chest!! He’s not going to wear anything else!!”
Steve smirked and let Tony believe whatever he wanted. Steve said, “So I came out to you and then what, you swept me off my feet?”
Steve stretched and then leaned into Tony as he murmured, “Sorry to have fallen asleep like that…I feel exhausted.”
“I am going to be deplorable to be around the next week,” Tony whined more than commented.
“All the Avengers have sustained minor injuries but nothing catastrophic, Master Parker,” Jarvis replied promptly. Peter nodded, expecting as much. No matter how strong they were they could still get hurt.
‘Whoever hurts my baby boy deserves it and more,’ Wade countered.
He’d never use the Mark III – turn around his company – make a difference….
“Sleep in my own bed,” Steve replied.
“If we do not feed, I will take control and return to my original host,” Venom whispered in his ear and Steve flinched. He will
“Peter, is that you, buddy?!” Tony asked, his anxiety was now burning through his bloodstream like battery acid.
“Stawberry?” Peter asked, picking his head off Steve’s chest. Steve wiped the tears from his eyes and smiled sweetly at him. The sadness in his son’s eyes was instantly dashed by the excitement of the nearby dessert.
“…Okay, that’s reasonable,” Wade murmured, backing off.
, Steve thought sadly. Instead of saying it aloud he simply smiled sadly at Peter and let him read it however he would.
“Winterwidow Part 7 is a success.”
,” Steve groaned.
your chest?”
“You’re going to go straight into the state’s custody,” Dr. Kaswani explained. “From there, they will help you with your amnesia, begin the search for who you really are, and try to find some friends and family.”
He sat up sharply, gasping for air, and his eyes desperately searching for Tony in the empty room. His memories of the dream world instantly became fuzzy but the actual memories came back to him in a heartbeat and the fear remained.
“Guess that means it was a fixed point in time,” Cable stated, still beside them.
Steve looked around the room with a hint of shock then leaned over to Tony and whispered, “I thought they drafted the statement?”
A dark shadow jumped in front of Solo and he heard his bullets bounce off it with multiple loud twangs. The rubber bullets ricocheted into the neighboring building and the glass exploded, making everyone underneath it scream and scatter.
Again, he repeated to the unconscious man, “I know you.”
The Red Skull stepped up to him and stated with relish, “It is you who should stand down.”
Tony held him tightly and, in a frightened voice gasped, “I – I’m alright, Steve. I got my reactor back and defeated the bad guy.
Their mouths had been inching toward each other but Tony suddenly brought them together in a searing kiss.
Steve smiled and kicked off his shoes and pants too and they climbed into bed together. Steve was asleep within seconds and Tony knew he wasn’t going to be sleeping a wink.
Her hand trembled.
Steve watched the whole thing with interest. He couldn’t see the robots in question but Pete must’ve with his large, lensed eyes because he pulled his hand away from Tony’s neck and said, “Got’em all.”
Peter: "I'd rather die a hero than live as a monster."
“Lana?”
Steve slipped on his new shoes and thanked the man for the direction.
Steve let out an emotional laugh and hugged himself.
With her mission complete, she spared once last glance at Peter’s face before leaving the room. Her SHIELD shadow followed her closely and did not mask his curious expression. She let him think whatever he wanted because she was not going to provide him with any explanations.
Natasha did not let her emotions show but she was shocked by his proclamation. She quickly reviewed the possibilities and chose the most likely. She asked softly, “Have you assumed so many names that you’ve forgotten your real one?”
Steve could hear bullets clinking against the armor. He looked up and asked the Jarvis on his end, “Jarvis, are you connected to Tony right now? What is happening?!”
And how many times would he have to wonder if it was it? If it was the end and Tony was finally going to die?
than Bucky,” Steve told him, looking pointedly at him as he said it.
The blast was expanding and it’d soon be coming out of the portal. They needed to shut it before Tony’s sacrifice was all for nothing.
The boy excitedly chatted with Steve about the Avengers and asked him about being Captain America. Steve humored the boy and answered all his questions. In the back of his mind, he worried about Bucky and hopped he would not attack him in front of this boy. He knew if he went out in public he would be recognized and approached. It was a risk and he hoped it would not be one he regretted.
“I did?” Wade replied uneasily.
Tony even alluded to the fact that he hadn’t had a serious relationship in years, that he only had flings. He only loved people with his body and not his heart.
He blindly walked into the living room with his hand still over his eyes and walked in the general direction of the hall.
“Impossible,” Ellis gasped.
Tony huffed sadly and rubbed Steve’s back as he replied, “I’d do anything for you, man…Now, come on. We need to contact my lawyers and start building your defense…”
“Do you want to hold off on talking with Bucky and Nat?” Tony softly asked. “We can just go upstairs and lay down…”
Steve jumped out of the van before Clint could park it and ran over to his son.
Her mate was healing and she wanted to see the man that emerged.
Steve gently cupped Tony’s face and whispered, “Tony?”
“Now?” He whispered back, his clear eyes revealing nothing.
All he could think of was just Steve and happy and…
For the next week, Steve’s lawyers brought forth mountains of evidence in his defense.
Their reactions were totally not what he had expected. Steve Roger’s jaw dropped. Tony Stark staggered backwards until he fell back heavily onto the recliner behind him.
The lights dimmed, signaling for everyone to take their seats. Peter sat down and Wade managed to snag a seat beside him and Eddie took the seat by Peter’s other side. He kept looking at both Peter and Wade, trying to figure them out.
Tony chuckled wetly and whispered, “Thanks…I…I had-have a son too. He’s great and so smart and…” His voice trailed off, his throat too tight to continue.
,” Steve pleaded, for what he did not know. Tony thrust his fingers in and out of him a few times, making Steve writhe underneath him. He kept hitting that one spot which made him writhe and he grinned victoriously at Steve as he hit it again and again.
“I…I remembered it. As soon as you said it I remembered it and knowing what you did…it was all too much and I needed to be alone for a little. But I understand. It was me or Steve and…I’m glad Stevie didn’t have to go through what I did. He’d never be able to forgive himself. He would have never been able to come back… like I am...”
“We will be moving out tomorrow and we will first go to the southern French base but from there we will go the Allies’ stronghold in Switzerland so I can get the resources I need for Tony and be able to help the Commandos if need be. Phillips says you’ll be based out of there until you verify the information on Zola.”
It was only a couple of months until Bucky’s death…it’ll be close, but, he might be able to make it…well, physically make it. He didn’t know how he was going to handle losing two friends and doing
“She and Richard are listed as
“He’s calling me Pops,” Steve retorted with a bright smile. He quickly pecked Tony's lips in return and then slipped out of his hold.
Tony had affairs, one-night-stands, and was an ambitious womanizer.
“You’re lying,” the General growled, raising his gun higher, pointing it directly between his eyes. “My sensors led me right to him. He has the same gamma-radiation in his blood as Banner. You cannot save his son with false words! As soon as I heard he had spawned a child I came straight here and waited for one of you to bring him out of the safety of your tower fortress! The Hulk is already a curse on this world. His offspring will only bring about the
“It’s really me, Stevie,” Bucky whispered, his voice also tight.
“I won’t wake him,” Howard waved off his concern like it was nothing and Steve watched him leave with a frown.
Tony tried not to walk too fast but he did extend his stride which the Captain matched.
Steve chuckled and sat up with Tony to help search the sheets of the expansive bed. “Help” being the operative word. The man leaned into Tony’s side the entire time and spent most of it stealing kisses.
“It’s in!” Tony yelled over the communicator.
When the deli closed and the sky turned red with the end of the day, Steve left Brooklyn with a heavy heart.
Pepper just saw—Tony was –and Steve—! He’d never been so mortified in his life! He was so embarrassed and couldn’t look at Pepper.
The elevator ride up was quiet and awkward and Peter made sure to stand between his father and boyfriend. He held onto Wade’s hand and leaned into his side. Despite the horribly embarrassing way his father discovered them, Peter’s body was still vibrating with adrenaline and desire. His lips felt raw from Wade’s kisses and his nipple was suddenly more noticeable as it was still tingling from Wade’s caress.
“Ten seconds!” Tony called out. Peter put down his invention and grabbed Harry again.
Steve lightly grasped his hand and carded his fingers with Tony’s. Tony held his hand tightly as if he planned to never let go.
Steve was at Tony's side in an instant. He grasped Tony's hand and looked up at the screen with just as much concern. From the corner or his eye, he saw Wade step closer too. Unmasked, Wade's true face expressed more than his mask ever could. His eyes were focused on Peter with just as much love and concern reflected on his and Steve's.
“Yeah,” Eddie replied uneasily. It was probably obvious that something was wrong between Peter and Tony. Eddie continued, “Um, yeah, I’ll…I’ll see you later. Hem. Nice to – uh – meet you, Mr. Stark.”
“Won’t be long now,” he promised the structure. Soon, the “mightiest” building in the world would fall and the whole world would see what SHIELD was like without Osborn’s might backing it up. They will crumble beneath his fists and come crawling back to him for help like the worthless ants they are. Norman will make them beg for it on hands and knees and it will be a glorious end to his revenge.
