Somehow, Castiel feels it before it happens.  The hairs on his arms and the back of his neck stand on end, terror tugging suddenly at his chest.
Sam’s heart lurches in his chest, and he clears his throat.  “I forgot about the cheesecake,” he admits.  “I’m sorry.”
Moonlight is thrown across the hallway, slatted through the window blinds.  Sam’s bare feet cross the carpeted floor to Dean’s room.  He pokes his head through the door and finds Dean starfished in his bed, illuminated by the Spongebob-shaped night light plugged into the wall, pajamas bottoms pushed halfway up his legs.  Sam lets out a small breath of relief
Cas’s fork clinks on the plate as he takes one more bite, chewing it with all the enthusiasm of someone eating dirt.
As if on cue, Sam walks in and finds them in the corner booth, taking a seat between Dean and Eileen.  He sets a file on the table, the folder branded with the Portland Police Department logo.
“No, that’s not—” Dean shakes his head.  “I didn’t mean to… This isn’t your fault.”  He swallows, chastising himself for making it sound like there’s any blame to be had.  “I’m glad you told me.”
Sam is the one to light the pyre, and they all step back and watch the flames surge toward the sky, smoke pouring upward and dissipating into the blue.  Cas looks down when someone grabs his hand and sees that it’s Claire.  She squeezes his hand once with both of hers and leans her head on his shoulder, and he
“Hello,” Cas whispers, daring to reach up and lightly touch the baby’s chest with two fingers.  He can feel the small, short breaths that are still unfamiliar and unpracticed.
After a much-too-long silence, Jack tugs his hands through his hair, tears leaving tracks down his face.  “I’m sorry,” he says, his voice breaking.  “The Empty got him before I could—”  He chokes, unable to finish the sentence.
By the time Dean began spending every night sleeping in Cas’s room, right alongside him, it didn’t even seem like a big step.
They spot Eileen’s Plymouth Valiant parked at the head of one of the piers and stop.  Dean gets out of the car, allowing Sam to switch into the driver’s seat, then gives him a quick “Call if you need anything” before he drives off.
When they reach Cas’s room, Dean feels again like he’s not bracing for a fast-approaching impact.  But now, he knows he doesn’t want to.  He’s not going to waste any more time.
A soft smile crosses Cas’s face, and his hand dips low, brushing the hair between Dean’s legs.  “I’m sure the experience would be different in many ways,” he says, wrapping his fingers around the shaft of Dean’s erection.  Dean sucks in a breath, his head falling back at the flash of pleasure that rockets through him when Cas moves his grip up to the head and down again.  “But I can’t imagine not wanting to do this.”
Cas sits up on the edge of the mattress, reaches out and tugs Dean close.  “I was starting to worry you’d changed your mind,” he confesses, breath ghosting over Dean’s chest.  His palms course up Dean’s sides, along the wings of his ribs.
The house in front of them droops like it’s melting in the heat, plaster peeling in a few spots and the door ill-fitted to its jambs.  Dean knocks sharply and takes a step back.
Castiel’s blood runs cold, realizing for the first time that they hadn’t seen the douen with the broken arm anywhere in the den.
“All three of you?” Castiel asks with a dubious look in Frank’s direction, because jumpy and suspicious don’t seem like traits that should coincide with psychic ability.
Dean wails, hooks embedding themselves through the bones of his wrists.  Through the flesh of his cheeks.  Through his Achilles tendons.  He’s strapped and spread, a writhing, sobbing caricature of a human.  Hell’s own Vitruvian Man.
Eventually, though, the feeling of his skin still sticking to Cas’s creeps in, and his mouth is clammy with morning breath.  Dean draws a deep, slow inhale and turns his head to kiss Cas on the cheek before gently untangling himself from Cas’s embrace.
Dean shrugs, unbothered.  He says, like he knows what Sam’s thinking, “The dad I wanted wasn’t the dad we had.  So no, I don’t really need to see him.”
Dean peers closely at his borrowed blade to ensure that it’s sharp.  “Any visions, Patience?” he asks, his tone falsely light.  “They’d certainly come in handy right about now.”
Cas swallows, then gently pushes the door open.  Dean is hunched over the sink, elbows on the porcelain and forehead resting in his hand.  He’s splashed water on his face; his chin is dripping.
The previous time he’d been turned human, back when the condition was temporary, he’d had nowhere to live.  He’d slept on bus stop benches and wherever he could find that seemed remotely safe and out of the cold.  He’d seen the hardships faced by these people and experienced the same things firsthand.  He’d made friends, and found support in places where one might have thought people had no more to give.  And the police don’t care.
An hour later, the bar has quickly grown more crowded with white-collar workers filtering in from the various office buildings nearby, all looking for drinks before heading home for the evening.  By this point Dean’s had two more beers, wolfed down everything on his plate, and stolen nearly half of Cas’s fries.  Eileen remarks on it only to say that if Sam tried to steal her food, she’d break his wrist.
Sam closes his eyes, wincing.  He should have been the one to clean the car.  Cas and Eileen had been the ones to get Dean’s body down off the rebar; the very least Sam could have done is spare Cas from having to scrub Dean’s blood out of the Impala’s back seat.  Another apology, added to the pile.  Another thing he forgot in the haze of grief.
“I’m on my way to Denver,” she says, tugging on a strand of hair by her ear.  “Some reports of bodies turning up with their blood drained.  Think it might be vampires.”
Cas doesn’t stop, his breath growing more ragged by the second.  He sighs Dean’s name into his mouth and Dean clenches around him, making Cas’s eyes slip closed at the sensation.  Sweat beads across Cas’s forehead and his grip on Dean’s wrists tightens.  Dean can’t move, and doesn’t want to.
Bobby clears his throat, stepping in before the captain can speak further.  “John, I think it’d be best to get the kids home.  It’s been a long day.”
At last, Castiel sprints after Dean as he runs into a tavern and through, ignoring the startled shouts of the thirsty patrons, and bursts through the rear.  Dean finally slows to a stop in the alleyway, panting and chuckling as he leans back against a wall.
Dean clears his throat, chewing his eggs for a little too long.  He forces a shrug.  “Chuck’s still after us, but other than that, I’m good,” he says, falsely light.  “Just glad to have you back, man.”
despite its proximity to the shipping routes and trading ports, the isle is uninhabited, myths of angry Lucayan spirits hanging over the land and keeping potential settlers at a distance.
“Okay, so,” Paradis starts, fingers clacking away at the keyboard.  “I was going through the traffic cam footage of the Portland waterfront, because in order for the bag to have washed up on the inner side of the Spring Point breakwater, it would have had to come from one of the wharves on the Portland side of the Fore River.”
Breathless, Dean tries, but the words catch low in his throat.  Instead, he reaches out with one hand and fumbles for the pocket of the bathrobe until he manages to grab the small bottle of lube.  When he presses it into Cas’s palm, Cas’s eyes blow wide, darkening even in the dim lighting of the bedside lamp.
The little girl is crying, panicking, writhing in her bonds as Dean frantically cuts through them.  “I’ll be right behind you!  Tell Frank to burn the den!”
Jack nods, a shadow of grief flitting over his face.  “I’ll still check in on you, and the others,” he promises.  “But you won’t see me.”
It should make Dean feel more exposed, less secure, that the thing he’s kept buried under lock and key almost his entire life is out there, already known.  It should make him feel scared, it should make him want to run for the hills.  But it’s Cas.
Castiel sees none of that now.  Somehow this small, solitary creature has rattled Dean to his core.  His face is pale and his knife still clutched tight and quivering at his side like he expects the douen to leap again from the trees.  His eyes are blank, unseeing, and he jolts at Castiel’s touch.
“I’ve got Bucky over here,” says Garth, fighting tears as he rolls over the body of a redheaded man with half his innards spilled in ropes across the planks.  Garth sniffs and wipes his eyes on his sleeve.
Dean is certain that at some point Cas is going to want to have a straightforward discussion about what this change means for them — if they’re boyfriends, or partners, or if they want a label at all, and where the boundaries lie and what those are and what exactly they want from each other — but for now, it’s just easy.
There’s a large black trash bag, waterlogged and sagging, caught in the rocks.  It bobs slightly in the lapping waves but is otherwise lodged in place.  Tallie grimaces and rolls her eyes.  There are few things she hates more than a litterbug, and something about throwing garbage into the ocean seems to her to be particularly evil.
Cas rakes his fingers through the hair at the nape of his neck, looking at the floor.  “I shouldn’t have—” he starts, but Dean cuts him off again.
He’s not a hundred percent certain why exactly he’s so hell-bent on hiding this from Sam and Eileen.  For fuck’s sake, they already
He thinks of Dean sleeping on the couch with Cas, and of how many more nights like that Dean must want.
He doesn’t have to ask for clarification to know what Cas means.  “Don’t you have to finish?” Dean asks stupidly, gesturing to the sink.
Abruptly, Castiel is unwilling to let Dean brush him off any longer.  He’s not sure if this lack of straight answers is typical for Dean, or if whatever Dean had talked with Missouri about was weighing on him, or if it’s only because Castiel isn’t part of the
“It’s getting late.”  Dean eyes the sky overhead where it’s beginning to darken, night creeping in from the east.  “I say we find a motel, get a couple of rooms, get started on the case again tomorrow.”
Sam and Cas still live in the bunker, but it hardly feels like home once Dean is gone.  Eileen moves in officially, which helps to fill the void a little bit.  Mostly, it helps Sam.  Cas still finds himself going to sleep most nights with a chill in his stomach and a lump in his throat.  His bed, far too small for two people to sleep comfortably, is now entirely too big.  Like an ocean he could drown in.
Castiel nods, staring up at the cliffs that wall in the cove.  Seagulls scream and swoop through the air overhead.
Before Cas has the opportunity to say goodbye and head back to the Impala, Sam invites him to stay for breakfast.  “I’ll make pancakes,” he promises, “and Dean would love it if you drove him to school later.”
Dean clears his throat, focusing a little too intently on unwrapping the bacon.  “Nothing,” he says, clipped.  “You hungry?”
In the morning, Cas is startled awake by a sharp rap on the Impala’s roof.  He squints blearily at the offender, his knees creaking from being bent for hours.
He winces and peels the bandage away from the wound on his neck.  Dean insisted on at least putting some gauze and tape on it before they left El Paso, and Cas is glad he did.  The wound already looks a little bit better, if only because it’s been cleaned.  He prods at it gently, and thinks Dean might have been overreacting with the whole needing-stitches thing.
He does the only thing that feels right, then.  He strides into the bunker, to his bedroom, grabs a pillow and blanket from his bed, and marches all the way back to the garage.
“What in Heaven’s name…” says Ishim, their empty water skins all but forgotten in the sight of this phenomenon.
When Cas steps back, leaving Dean halfway breathless and staring hungrily at his lips, all he says is, “So.  Dinner?”
She could get a gym membership, of course, but treadmills are tedious and she hates the smell of other people’s sweat.  Instead she rewards herself with watching the sunrise from Spring Point.
“Still.”  Dean straightens, adjusting his shirt back into place.  “This isn’t what you signed up for, and I know that.”
The captain regards Castiel with a piercing look, examining him up and down.  “Did you test him?” he asks.
Dean doesn’t answer immediately.  He meets Castiel’s eye over his shoulder briefly, then returns his gaze to the sky.  “Fine,” he says.
They drive from the outskirts of the city across a bridge and into downtown, buildings crammed onto a hilly peninsula kicking out into the waters of Casco Bay.  Portland is an odd city, a handful of different eras piled on top of one another.  Cobblestones and sagging brick taverns from the 1700s squash against hotels and condo developments that have sprung up in the past ten years.  Monuments from the 19th century, shops from the ‘50s and ‘60s, restaurants and cafes from the ‘90s.
Suddenly, Sam wants to sit down right here and stare at this view for hours, for days, for forever.  His chest
“I know you don’t need me to do things for you,” Cas breathes, his fingers intertwining with Dean’s against his belly.  “But…”  He trails off, a slight shake of the head.  He’s not sure how to put it into words.  “I don’t know.  It’s about me.”
Castiel is lightheaded suddenly, and he sits on the lowest step descending from the deck.  “I… I saw an eye,” he says, breathless.  “A huge eye.  It was the biggest thing I’ve ever seen.  Some kind of – of creature, some monster—  Oh
They meet up with Cas and Dean at the diner, sliding into the booth and leaving very little elbow room.  It takes only a minute or two for Eileen to notice the tension, the hard set to Dean’s jaw as he drinks what’s likely at least his fourth cup of coffee.  Every few seconds, Cas glances at Dean from the corner of his eye, worrying as obviously as the sunlight shining through the diner window.
Inside the barn, there’s blood everywhere and beheaded corpses strewn across the straw-covered dusty floor.  They’ve taken out the entire vampire nest, leaving no survivors.  Dean is over to the right against a large wooden post.
The stars shimmer up above against the painted sky and the world around them is full of life, colorful even in the dark.
Somewhere in the haze of all of this is the knowledge that he couldn’t have won against the Empty or Billie, let alone both of them, but all Dean can think is that it’s his fault for not acting quickly enough.  Or decisively enough.  Or violently enough.  He’s lost Cas so many times before; how could he have let it happen again?
Gagnon pulls a pair of latex gloves onto his hands and picks up the severed forearm, turning it over so the wrist is facing up toward the ceiling.  A tattoo is inked into the skin there.  It’s nothing particularly unusual, just a pair of rifles crossed over an American flag.  Further up the arm, closer to where the elbow would have been, are several scarred-over pinpricks of varying ages, left over from a needle routinely jabbing the vein.
Sam grins and turns back to his wife.  “Problem solved,” he signs.  “He’ll tire himself out by dinner.”
Cas blinks and takes his hand back.  He stares at his palm, plain and graceless and unremarkable.  “I, uh,” he stammers.  “I forgot.”
They find Dean and Cas four rows over, standing at the rear of one of the trucks.  The license plate matches the one from the security camera footage.  Dean runs the beam of his flashlight over the compactor and shudders.
A spark of an idea ignites in the back of Cas’s head.  When Bobby had finally made it through to this side of the Veil, he’d done it by getting angry.
Frank drops himself into a chair opposite, placing his pistol on the table with its nose pointing at Castiel.  Still, his hand is no longer on the gun, so Castiel supposes it’s an improvement.
Jack doesn’t come home after that, but he brings the entire world back to life before he goes.  After nearly a week on an empty planet, the mere existence of people is deafening.  Dean is heartbroken to see Jack leave, but for the first time he’s not afraid to let Jack out of his sight.  Jack will be okay.  So will the Winchesters.
When Jack starts to pull Cas along with him, Cas yanks his hand away.  “Jack, you have to leave.  Before the Empty finds you.  I made a deal, and I accept the consequences.  Go!”
When Dean was killed, it made Sam almost immediately want to put hunting and everything that goes along with it behind him.  But Cas sank deeper into it, throwing himself full force into case after case after case.  And for nearly two years Sam went along with it because it was the only thing Cas was truly interested in doing.  Then when Eileen got pregnant, Sam finally made the choice to leave hunting entirely, and Cas declined his invitation to do the same.
Once they’ve disposed of the bodies in the car compactor, they head back to the Valiant to get cleaned up.  Eileen, much more of a plan-ahead personality than Dean or Sam, has not just a stash of weapons in the trunk, but also plenty of water and wipes alongside the first aid kit.  Cas is wrapping a bandage around Eileen’s scratched-up forearm when his phone rings in his back pocket.
Dean is the one to come up for air first, pressing his forehead to Cas’s.  “Took you long enough,” he whispers with Cas’s palm on his cheek.
Something in Castiel’s gut tightens at the way Dean says it, hurt.  It’s what he wants, to leave and find passage to Havana, to find some other honest work aboard another merchant ship, to return to his life.  But everything feels different, as though some compass inside Castiel’s chest has been knocked out of place.  He shakes his head, ridding himself of the notion that he’s heading in the wrong direction.
Eileen nods, her image grainy and lagging slightly.  The 5G isn’t great here.  “Yeah.  She doesn’t know anything.  Wrong place, wrong time.”
The crappy mattress sags and creaks as Cas slides under the covers, and Dean instinctively shifts closer, letting Cas wedge his arm around Dean’s shoulders.  He lets out a long breath, settling into Cas’s side with sleep approaching quickly.
His head presses to Alastair’s collarbone.  Alastair’s voice goes horribly gentle, pouring down Dean’s back like honey.
Frank has a small fire going now at the edge of the den to Castiel’s left.  He rips a larger branch from the wall, one end of it burning, and uses it to spread the flames along the den’s circumference.  Smoke pours upward as the fire climbs toward the treetops.
Dean doesn’t stop to thank him and scrambles to his feet.  He lunges for the children, lifts one under each arm, and moves them to a safe distance.  “Stay here!” he orders as he places them at the base of a large tree several yards away, still within eyesight.
Cas meets his gaze, blue eyes still dark, palm brushing over Dean’s jaw, down his arm.  “No,” Cas replies honestly.  “Not until quite recently.  But once I did, it was easy to wait for you.”
Dean, ever the master of misdirection, steals a quick whiskey-flavored kiss from Cas before they return to the car.
“I can’t – I can’t heal you, I can’t help you sleep, I— I’m barely useful on hunts—”  The words spill from Cas’s mouth and over the edge of the bed, clattering and scattering on the floor like marbles.
“There.”  Dean points to an opening low to the ground on the eastern side of the den, barely big enough for a small person to crawl through.
“It doesn’t look too bad,” he remarks.  The douen’s teeth left an almost perfectly circular bite in the flesh over Dean’s vertebrae, but it’s not terribly deep and hasn’t bled very heavily.  “How’s the bite on your leg?”
“I’m not really sure if Patience’s psychic visions count as cheating on exams, but…” Jody tilts her head, chuckling.  “In any case, she’s doing well.”
A hollow cough of a laugh comes up from Dean’s chest, bitterness seeping into his words.  “You know, for a guy who hates my father as much as he does, Sam sure is following in his footsteps.”
“Would this be different?” Dean blurts out suddenly, the moment the thought occurs to him.  “If you still had your grace?”  His heart is fucking pounding; he can barely hear his own voice.
Castiel’s heart is thudding away in his ribcage, confusion clawing at his brain, when Dean’s eyes flicker toward the water.  He takes his hand away from Castiel’s mouth and points to where the bow is cutting through the waves.
Sam is sprawled out on the couch in the TV room, deep in a rewatch of the entire Tarantino canon with Eileen’s feet propped on his lap, and that’s where Dean leaves them as he pushes Cas out the door.
Sam opens his mouth to retort – probably some judgemental comment about Dean being an alcoholic – but before he can say anything the rift flickers and hisses, making noise for the first time since Jack left.  Dean tenses, alcohol forgotten, and Sam lurches to his feet.
And then, as easily as he’d inflicted any variety of torture, Alastair pulls Dean close, into a firm embrace.  And it’s been thirty years.  It’s been thirty
Dean’s not great with his words, and he doesn’t exactly know what to say to that.  But he can feel his soul pulse in his chest, just as surely as his heart, and he knows that Cas doesn’t have to wait any more.  Neither of them do.  Dean understands precisely what Cas means when he talks about being lucky.
drops an anchor for a few hours in the late morning on the shore of Mayaguana.  They don’t have to worry about anybody else finding them by chance here
Donna follows him to the truck bed and squeezes his arm.  “He was.  But we were on a roof, and he was close to the edge when it happened.  He fell.”
“Well, I’m not fitting in there,” Frank says, gesturing pointedly to his more-than-ample figure and broad shoulders.
He drinks his coffee in slow, consciously measured gulps.  If he’s being obviously awkward, Cas doesn’t acknowledge it.  Dean almost wishes he would, because then at least they’d be talking about it without Dean having to be the one to start the conversation with no idea what to say.  He pours himself a second cup from the pot.
Jack grits his teeth and closes his eyes, bowing his head.  His palm presses down on Cas’s bloody neck and finally, little tendrils of light stretch from Jack’s hands into Castiel’s skin, coursing over the wound like vines.  The light seeps into Cas’s body and disappears.
He shifts, feeling awkward beneath Cas’s gaze, and swallows nervously.  Benny had never asked for eye contact, had never asked him to actually face what they were doing.  Dean doesn’t quite know what to do with this kind of attention.
That’s okay, though.  Piercing the Veil is difficult.  It took Bobby ages to figure it out.  It took Kevin even longer.
They drive to the bunker, afterwards, and park at the front door beneath the stars.  Inside is an unearthly quiet so heavy and thick that it fills Sam’s lungs, rings in his ears, presses into every corner of the library.  The lights clank on as he flips the switch, and their steps echo on the staircase as he and Eileen descend to the war room.
“It’s just healing is all,” Castiel brushes him off.  He stands at last, stretching the kinks from his neck.  "Feels worse than it is."
Still, Cas can practically see Dean manifesting, and over and over he pictures Dean winking into existence.  Standing in front of the Impala’s hood.  Hovering in the back seat.  Hand on the wheel and grinning at Cas like nothing’s changed.
Gagnon shakes his head, bracing his hands on his pudgy hips.  “I heard the Coast Guard’s on alert just in case, but there’s really not much they can do otherwise,” he explains.  “Given the currents, the depth, the temperature… Not to mention the wildlife — practically everything that lives in the Gulf is a scavenger in one way or another.  I’m amazed even one bag was found.”
Castiel’s gaze whips up from the still-twitching body of his second kill to see Garth cornered at the side, all his long lanky limbs folded in terror.  The mermaid coming at him has knocked the cutlass from Garth’s hand and well out of reach – he’s weaponless, and Castiel is the nearest man.
“So far it’s a bit haunting,” Cas says, leafing to the next page.  “The rigid pre-determined castes, the consumption of Soma… It’s eerily similar to Heaven’s machinations.”
Jack doesn’t contest the point, and somehow that hurts worse than anything else he might have said.  “Bringing people back, messing with the natural order, making exceptions just because we love someone
Castiel hefts Feliciana up from where she’s beginning to slip, readjusting his hold on her legs.  “You don’t have to tell me,” he amends, “but if you want to, you can.”
He pauses in the hunting section for long enough to pick out a knife for Cas.  It’s not anything special as far as a hunter’s arsenal is concerned — Wal-Mart doesn’t exactly carry their typical grade of weapons — but it’s quality steel with a blade that pivots into its handle and a clip to attach it to a belt or a pocket.  It’s similar to the one Dean carries for minor tasks, like cutting rope or slicing his hand for a sigil.
On the deck below, he can see Dean.  Dean does not seem to have any particular specialty and instead alternates between jobs, sometimes vanishing into the hold for long stretches of time, sometimes climbing up the masts to work alongside him.  Dean is the same as Castiel — obviously a man raised on the water and in tune with the ship under his feet.  Castiel has a feeling that if the
He returns to the creaky mattress and scratchy sheets, but refuses to close his eyes until Dean comes back from the bathroom nearly twenty minutes later.  Cas’s heart is still beating far too quickly for him to sleep, and when Dean finally slips into bed, rolling over to face away from Cas with his shoulders pulled in tight, it only makes Cas worry more.
If the psychics’ house had been ramshackle, this one is practically a ruin.  Holes in the roof, and the entire frame leans to the left like one strong breeze could blow the whole thing down.  There’s a small weedy garden outside, plants having been recently ripped from the soil and tossed.  The few plants still standing are far from flourishing, barely holding themselves up.
Sam walks unsteadily over to the library table and sits, like he doesn’t trust himself to remain upright.  “Now we wait.”
Suddenly Sam is itching to get behind the wheel, to drive off and discover everything this place has to offer, to collect things to show his wife when she joins him.
me,” Dean growls indignantly, “there’s a booth over there selling peanut butter and jelly cheesecakes, and I’m going to go get one.”  He throws the blueberry-stained napkin at Sam’s face and stands up from the table.
Why does Cas have to be like this?  “Humor me, man,” Dean insists, gripping the steering wheel a bit too tight.
A rock presses against the walls of Sam’s throat.  Seeing the absolute void in Cas’s eyes hurts nearly as much as watching Dean realize his time was up.  Cas hasn’t asked what Dean said as he died, and Sam doesn’t know if it’s because he’s afraid to know, or if it hasn’t occurred to Cas that Dean didn’t die immediately, that he had time to say anything.  In any case, Sam’s terrified that if he tells Cas the full story, every detail, it will kill him.  All that matters is that Dean is gone.
She shudders underneath him, her engine roaring like she’s shouting for joy.  Cas’s bare feet work the pedals
There’s a grating sound of winding chains and every hook in Dean’s body yanks tight.  A scream is torn from his chest like a vine from a tree it’s killing, and he feels lighter and lighter and lighter until he’s ripped into halves.  Three pieces.  Five.  Eight.  Fourteen.  More.
Mostly, the men are excited to make port in Tortuga tomorrow.  Wally talks about a girl he’s been meaning to call on, while Ash brags that he’ll consume more rum than anyone else and still be standing and would anyone care to bet on it?
Castiel, who’s been rooted to the ground since the douen appeared, at last finds his feet and spurs forward.  He whips his knife from his belt and searches desperately for an opening.
The girl tucks her pen behind her ear.  “Well, you could do the Hobson’s Wharf Special.  It’s the most food you can get in the state for eight bucks.”
“How was the coroner?” she asks.  She’s sitting in the Valiant, a fake Boston Globe press ID clipped to the lapel of her jacket.
“I suppose,” Castiel replies, though the odor clogging his nose and mouth seems to hold his appetite at bay.
“I don’t want to hear some trite speech about how there’s beauty everywhere,” Cas interrupts him, crossing his arms over his chest.
“No, never,” he answers resolutely.  “I’m not interested in doing anything you’re uncomfortable with.”
Cas hunts, too, mostly by himself but working with other hunters as the opportunities present.  He racks up kills quickly and efficiently, and understands what Sam and Dean had meant when they described their early hunting life as “pest control”.  He keeps the Impala in excellent shape, and he keeps the bunker in good shape too.  He has plenty to do.
In the evening, as the wind begins to die down and their speed slows, Castiel and Dean are still aloft, feet stirruped in the ropes along the yard.  The sky has gone from blue to a gleaming gold, the water darkening to violet flecked with orange on every ripple.  The
the time.  Dean is right, though.  Beggars cannot be choosers.  And the more Castiel learns about sea monsters, the better dry land sounds.
As Dean manages to get through the tunnel after him, Castiel’s eyes have adjusted to the dark enough for him to see that the interior structure of the den spirals upward, criss-crossed with handholds and pocketed with plenty of nooks and crannies for a creature to hide in.
The island-that-shouldn’t-be is rocky and ragged, drooping palms and scales of ancient lava flow paving the slopes into the sea.  The waters are deep, ledges sharply dropping below the surface, and despite her keel the
The secretary is a young person of indeterminate gender, androgynous clothes and chipped painted nails and a wispy coat of hair on their chin.  They look up at Sam and Dean with a suspicious squint and release a sigh as they pause the
“All right, what’s got your panties in a twist?” Dean eventually asks through a mouthful of chocolate cream pie.
Before Jack can argue, a body materializes behind him, oozing out of the black and taking shape until a second Castiel is standing there with a sinister, trembling grin.
A slight movement to the left makes Eileen turn her head, the beam of her flashlight briefly catching a glimpse of a coat disappearing around a truck.  "There!" she says, and breaks into a sprint.
Somewhere in the recesses of Dean’s mind, he instinctively wants to protest, but instead Cas adds a second finger and Dean sees white as Cas works him open.
The body changes then, turning black and amorphous for a moment before taking Duma’s face.  “Two days and forever are hardly the same thing,” it snarls, its voice now high-pitched and tinkling.
“I’m sleeping better than I have since I was a kid,” Dean says, his voice as physically tangible as anything else about him in this moment.  “Better than I ever have.  And that has absolutely nothing to do with your grace.  So if you think you’re not helping, I don’t know what to tell you.”
“Elvis here,” Dean announces grimly, gesturing to a third body.  This one’s neck is ripped to the bone, his trachea gaping in the open air.
Frank’s eyes narrow at the woman, and he sniffs the air.  His knuckles go white around his gun.  He bares his teeth.
Cas lets out a breath, then uses his fork to push the rest of the slice back into the box.  “It doesn’t taste like anything at all.”
“Every psychic ain’t the same breed,” Frank says with a sneer.  His hands are stained orange, carrot peelings piling up on the table in front of him.  “We all have our specialties.  Mine comes with a certain level of paranoia, which in this line of work is just good common sense.”
There are no paths cutting through the trees, and it’s slow going.  Frank also picked up a large machete from his house and now he leads the way, slicing and chopping through vines and shrubs and branches, turning this way and that as he follows the creature’s course.
“I knew taking him for ice cream after his appointment was a bad idea,” Eileen signs to Sam as she circles around the nose of the van.  “He’s loaded with sugar.”
He stands and goes to the door, stepping out into the corridor in nothing but his t-shirt and boxers.  His bare feet are freezing against the concrete floor.  He shuts the door behind him as quietly as possible, instinctively trying to be discreet but not knowing why.  It’s a performance for no one other than himself.  He glances over his shoulder to make sure Sam isn’t nearby (even though there’s no reason to think he would be) and walks toward Cas’s room.
Cas shoves the blankets aside and stands, not bothering to put on shoes or a robe as he leaves his room.  He walks barefoot down the hall in only the t-shirt and boxers he wore to bed, and despite the chill in the air he’s not cold.  It’s nearly one in the morning and Sam and Eileen are fast asleep, so Cas doesn’t worry about accidentally running into them as he ducks through the library and climbs the steps to the garage.
Dean turns to face him, his mouth grimly set and sweat already beading on his temple despite the night air.  He draws a deep breath, then gives Castiel an order.
The rest of the scouting party is already piling into the dinghy.  They haven’t bothered taking the time to untie the rope; someone cut it, leaving the tail hanging from the tree.  The entire island is shaking, and it’s deafening.
the only archangel blade they have.  Adding a handful of other things – various herbs and roots with supposedly magical properties – Sam recites something in Enochian that Dean doesn’t understand.  The sun is setting, the sky overhead streaked with pink and orange.
Light flares across the window shades from a car turning outside in the parking lot, engine rumbling through the wall.
Something about Dean’s expression must tip Sam off that his unease is deeper than mere embarrassment, because the self-satisfied smirk finally vanishes.  He opens his mouth again, but whether he’s about to apologize for pressing or attempt to backtrack, he’s interrupted by Cas striding into the kitchen from the other door, dressed but yawning and already heading for the coffee pot.
Castiel looks down to the ship far below them, where Bucky, Elvis, and Martin’s bodies remain wrapped in sheets on the deck close to the stern.  “Why have the funeral on land?” he asks.  It makes no sense
It takes only two steps to cross the space between them, and just as Cas looks up from the sink, Dean grabs his face and pulls him into a kiss.
bobs violently back up, free of the anchor, but quickly begins to sink again.  She lists to starboard, her masts swing down.
Dean glares at him, but finally his shoulders fall and he throws up his hands.  “Cas and I had a talk,” he confesses, looking off toward some vendors’ booths over Sam’s shoulder.
Every question feels like a stab in Dean’s stomach, and his jaw clenches.  He looks away from Sam, down the road into the darkness.  He can feel his body wanting to cry – the ache in the back of his throat and the burning in his eyes – but he’s tapped out.
Some changes are small: Dean laughs more readily these days, he’s up earlier and the alcohol in the kitchen isn’t depleted as quickly.  Cas is more animated too, less weighed down, standing straighter.  Other changes are bigger, and Dean apparently thinks they’re doing a good job at hiding it.
Dean laughs, but it’s empty, hollowed out by fear.  The final peal of the bell is still echoing, hanging over the water like the scream of someone just murdered.
They have, what, another forty years?  If they’re lucky?  The eons of Castiel’s life that stretch behind him are fragmenting in his head, memories falling out of his human-capacity brain like files deleting from a hard drive.  The forty-if-they’re-lucky years ahead of him seem like a drop in the ocean, a blink of an eye, and suddenly death is right around the bend, lurking in the corner of his bedroom.  He grips the sides of the sink, staring at his reflection in the mirror and repeating under his breath,
“Any idea who he is?” Sam asks, pointedly ignoring the odor wafting up at them from the steel drawer.
“Where you find her?” her mother asks, accent thick and lilting.  Castiel has to suppress a shudder; the douen had mimicked the woman's voice perfectly, and now it was eerie hearing it come from a person.
Dean’s body stitches itself back together as he follows Alastair’s grip up, up, up to standing.  Alastair’s hands are tight on his shoulders as he turns Dean around to face the rack, where there’s already a soul waiting for him.
“You need help hunting them?”  Cas is slightly confused.  There’s no reason that Claire should feel hesitant about asking him for help on a hunt.
Eileen finds him ten minutes later when he still hasn’t joined them in the back yard, and she freezes the moment she sees the look on his face.  “Who?” she asks.
Dean shifts, averting, and wonders at how infuriatingly at ease Cas is with all of this.  “Well, mac and cheese is in the oven; it’ll be ready in a bit,” he says, for lack of a better line.  When he looks back up, Cas is still staring at him.  “What’re you looking at?”
Garth shakes his head.  “No, no, you’d have a mass panic on your hands,” he says.  “And that’s only if they even believe you.”
Castiel swallows, and pulls Dean behind him by the scruff of his waistcoat.  Instead, Castiel takes his own knife and lunges for the douen before he has a moment to second-guess himself.
Eileen is beside him then, grasping at his arm.  She’s saying his name, he knows she is, but he can’t hear her.  Cas is drowning, unable to breathe.  He’s clinging to Dean’s shoulders, prayers pouring out of him like a waterfall over a cliff.
At that, Dean sighs.  “Great.  I don’t suppose you speak Portuguese?” he asks Castiel with a desperate look.
in the human sense.  Jack catches him before he falls, crying his name and trying to keep him awake.
Cas presses his palms over his face, unable to take in the sight of Dean lying dead at his feet.  His lungs are fighting to breathe, gasping unevenly as he cries into his hands.
The first thing Castiel sees when he wakes is a pair of glowing yellow eyes, and he jumps when he realizes that Jack is standing in front of him.  “I wasn’t aware I could dream in the Empty,” Cas says to himself, more shocked that he’s experiencing some semblance of consciousness rather than at the sight of Jack being here with him.
this is where Cas has been all these years, this is where his soul has always belonged, and Sam can’t believe he was ever unsure of Cas’s fate.  He can’t believe he was ever unsure of Dean’s.
The lines of Cas’s face are like cuneiform, ancient and indecipherable, a clear message to something that no longer exists to read it.  Eyes a brilliant cornflower blue and close enough to drown in.  Dean fights every instinct he has to look away, and instead pulls Cas closer by the front of his shirt.
Missouri flings the door open and ushers a sobbing, trembling woman inside.  The woman is young and small, a slip of a thing, in clothes that are threadbare and patched several times over.  Her dark skin is tear-stained on her face and chapped on her hands, her mouth open in a seemingly unending wail.  “
before Castiel has time to blink, and he manages to twist away in the split second before the mermaid’s jaw closes on his head.  Instead its teeth pierce his shoulder, tearing through the meat there as he jerks back.  Pain explodes behind his eyelids.  He can feel his skin in ribbons.
Dean breathes unsteadily, stumbling over his words.  “I-I mean, it’s not just that I’m grateful that you saved me – although I am – but…”  He trails off.  He’s desperately trying to figure out what to say and how to say it and the fact that his heart is thudding loudly in his ears is
It takes a long time for the pyre to burn down to nothing.  Sparks whirl up into the ether, the sunlight bleeds from the sky and the night sweeps in.  By the time the moonglow is poking through the trees to the east, the pyre has reduced to a patch of glowing embers, casting them in pulses of soft red light.  Fireflies emerge and wink in eddying circles, a choir of crickets and tree frogs filling the spaces.
“All right,” Dean says, but his tone disagrees.  It’s not all right, Dean knows something is up, and they’re going to talk about this later.
Cas passes Dean a napkin.  “I suppose we could find the brewery,” he suggests.  “Bring a case or two back home after we take out the vamp nest.”
Dean graduated kindergarten less than two weeks ago, and Cas was there in the audience with Sam and Eileen cheering him on as he received his star-studded certificate from his teacher.  Cas never missed anything when it came to Dean.
sitting on a cooler next to the Impala’s open hood while Dean hunched over the engine, drinking beer and inhaling motor oil, younger than Sam can quite remember feeling.
,” Dean gasps, and his hips try to leave the bed.  His hand fists at the sheets, the robe still pinned beneath him, and finally finds the top of Cas’s head, fingers winding into his hair.
Dean knows if he asks what Cas is waiting for that Cas will tell him, unabashed and honest and bafflingly straightforward, but he’s not sure he wants to ask.  Not yet.
“We keep our ears open,” Dean says.  “Anytime we hear other sailors talking about a new island, we go.  Usually we’re too late and the thing is already gone.”
“Seems appropriate,” Castiel remarks.  “The captain used to be in the British Army, then?  Why did he leave?”
that’s all gone, left behind at the mark of Dean’s death.  The fear, the self-loathing, the loud male bravado Dean buried himself under his entire life has melted away.  All the terrible things they went through on Earth are still there, they still happened, but the memories are confined to just that: memories.  And Heaven isn’t built out of memories any longer.
Dean wrenches Castiel back and plants himself in the creature’s line of attack, brandishing his cutlass as it lunges.  It releases a hissing shriek like stone scraping on metal, teeth glistening, and dodges Dean’s sword.
Dean chuckles and nudges Cas with his elbow.  “That tape was the only thing Cas insisted on adding to this place,” he says, then amends his statement.  “Well, that and the apiary.  What
Sam is already reaching for his coat where it’s hung on the back of his chair.  “I’ll start the car while you get dressed.”
Cas continues to hunt, as do Sam and Eileen.  Years drag by in little more than a blink.  Cas gradually learns sign language, which helps on cases so that they can all communicate silently, but most importantly it means that Cas and Eileen can make teasing jokes about Sam when his back is turned.  They still have movie nights and game nights, and other hunters breeze through the bunker in search of help or a place to lay their head for a while.  It takes a long time, but Cas does manage to smile and laugh and have fun in the small moments, because he knows some days that’s all that’s keeping the grief at bay.
“Come on,” Ishim says to Castiel, taking a few empty water skins from the boat.  “Let’s try to find a spring or something.”
poster and tries to picture Claire’s face when she opens it.  It makes him laugh, even if his body’s still crackling with too much energy in every cell, and it’s enough to steady him for the moment.
The captain’s jaw twitches, still glaring at Castiel, but he sheathes his knife and nods in agreement.  “Back to town, then,” he orders.  “Quickly, now.”
“There’s one thing I don’t understand,” Sam says to Eileen while they work, tucking his blade under his arm briefly in order to sign with both hands.
Missouri purses her lips at him and crosses her arms over her chest.  “What, stealing food in the market wasn’t enough for you, boy?  Get your filthy hands off that bird!”
Cas huffs, wiping blood from his collarbone  He feels a little dizzy and his neck is stinging, but it’s nothing that would land him in the hospital.  Dean yanks a bandana from his pocket and presses it to the wound, his other hand gripping Cas’s shoulder.
Eileen sinks down to sit on the lowest stair.  Distantly, Sam can hear Dean in the yard, shouting something to an imaginary nemesis and practicing the moves he’s learned at karate as he jumps through the sprinkler.
She huffs to herself and carefully makes her way down the rocks, crouching low to keep from slipping and falling into the water.  There’s a dumpster at the edge of the park; she’ll toss the bag there.  It’ll head to a landfill but at least it won’t be poisoning the bay.  Hooking one gloved hand over a rock to stabilize herself, she reaches down and pulls the bag up out of the water with no small amount of effort.
They navigate the increasingly narrow streets of the town, a tangled spider web of lanes and alleys and straw-roofed houses.  The throngs of people begin to dissipate the further they get from the harbor, and as they climb higher up the hill the air clears and it’s easier to breathe.
Cas doesn’t listen and instead hoists himself up to sit back against the headboard.  The clock on the bedside table glows a menacing
Dean lets out a relieved huff, though his stomach is still doing backflips.  “I just… I feel like we should take it a little slower.”
Cas ends the call and goes back inside.  He asks the waitress for a box so he can take his lunch to go, eager to wrap up the case.
Paradis isn’t oblivious, and sees Cas’s reaction.  “Hey, I’m not saying it’s right,” he says, raising his hands in a placating gesture.  “I’m just saying, y’know, statistically—”
“True,” Eileen agrees, shining the beam of her flashlight over the license plate of the nearest truck before moving on to the next one.  “It’s not like vamps need anything else after a victim’s been drained.”
Cas presses the gas and shifts to second gear, then third.  The road leading away from the bunker and toward downtown Lebanon is pockmarked by cracks and potholes; he hits all of them, the Impala’s frame jolting painfully with every one.  She jars his teeth, as if to say
As soon as they’re back outside in the sun, away from prying non-hunter ears and heading back to the car, Cas speaks up.  “I think I know what it is.”
The walk from the psychics’ home to Marie Helene’s is not long, but for the duration of it Dean is quiet.  Castiel supposes that he doesn’t know Dean well enough yet to say whether this is odd behavior, but something in his gut is pulling, urging him to ask Dean what’s wrong.  Dean walks behind Missouri and Marie Helene with his mind obviously elsewhere, not quite seeing the dirt under his feet.  But before Castiel can work up the courage to broach the subject, they’ve arrived.
The last time Cas died, burning out of his vessel with an angel blade sticking out from his chest, it was over in an instant.  They didn’t get to say goodbye.  Cas didn’t even have time to realize what happened.  Somehow, this is so much worse.
Dean peers more closely at Cas’s still-bleeding neck.  “Cas, you might need stitches.  We should get you to a hospital.”
Little bits of Dean go flying, scattering and splattering and spraying.  He drips down walls.  He hangs from swinging hooks and seeps into cracks.  It’s nowhere he hasn’t been before.
Cas doesn’t say it like a question, but Dean knows it is.  He’s quick to counter.  “No,” he insists.  “No.  No, it’s just… Fifteen minutes ago,
Tortuga smells like low tide, rotting fish, manure, and the body odor of a hundred ocean-bound men all rolled into one aroma so thick it could be cut with a knife.  Granted, most harbors in both Europe and the Americas smell less than sweet, but Tortuga has a particularly hellish sourness to it.  Castiel breathes through his mouth to combat it, but then he can taste it, which is worse.
Cas doesn’t see Claire and Donna running out of the building behind him.  He doesn’t hear Claire screaming, or Donna trying to comfort her.  He doesn’t see the halo of blood around his head, or the feathered splashes from underneath him.
“Nah,” Sam waves off his concern.  “We don’t have the doorbell lights in our bedroom.  And as for Dean, the kid sleeps through everything.”
At the orchard’s perimeter, Dean, Castiel, and Frank break off once again from the group, allowing the captain and crewmembers to make their way back to the
runs down past the water line, and her bow is already dipping as the water rushes in to claim her.  Men aboard are all shouting, screaming — Castiel’s brothers, men who have been on the
Gagnon shuffles, suddenly looking sheepish.  His flabby cheeks flush pink.  “Sorry, just a joke.  I watch a lot of
Cas’s arm twitches, like he wants to reach out and touch Dean in some way, but he keeps his hands to himself.  It dawns on Dean that the idea of Cas touching him in this moment doesn’t alarm him.  He still doesn’t know if he
.  “Caught you flinching,” he taunts, adopting a lilting accent that sounds only vaguely German-esque.
It’s a day and a half before Cas can bring himself to clean the blood from the Impala’s back seat.  He doesn’t feel ready at all, but he can hear Dean’s voice in the back of his head:
Frank’s eyes bore into him as surely as the knife he’s holding, his shoulders tensing even further.  “You can never get too comfortable in what you
This is not a true hunter.  This is an ambush predator — like a spider — ill-suited to long-winded combat and much more adept at luring its prey or simply waiting for a meal to wander by.  Now with a broken arm, the douen is less threatening, whining pathetically as it struggles to its feet.
At least, that’s what Tallie Bilodeau tells herself every morning while trying to psych herself up to put on her damn running shoes.  But she’s still trying to shed the last couple of pounds from her third kid, and her wife is on a new healthy-living kick so Tallie’s inevitably been roped into it.  So every morning, when her alarm goes off an hour before dawn (which at this time of year isn’t even that early), she begrudgingly yanks on her sneakers and her insulated jogging clothes and drives to South Portland in the dark.
Dean accepts this and doesn’t press further.  Cas is right, it has been an adjustment, but ‘not particularly fun’ is likely a good candidate for Understatement Of The Year.
Jody smiles.  She knows that he has a particular attachment to Claire, a more profound history.  “She’s very happy, Cas.  And, you know, she’s close by.  You could always go visit her.”
Criticisms of his taste in cinema aside, Dean’s happy Sam is doing something lazy and unhealthy just because he
“I can do it, Dean,” Cas says snippily.  He takes the bandana from Dean and leaves no room for protest.
, sleek, the fastest ship he’s ever been on.  The wood of her hull is a dark-colored elm, stained black by years of soaking, and she cuts through waves like a hot knife through butter.
Dean’s response is quick and biting.  “I know he’s survived something that we’ve never seen a human being live through before.  And I won’t be the one making his situation worse.”
When Cas pulls away again, Dean barely manages to stop himself from letting out an undignified whine.  He’s breathing heavily, his head still crackling with oxygen, and he feels drunk in the best way.  So it takes a little too long for Dean to realize that Cas’s eyes are not looking at him, but rather at something over his shoulder.
Dean draws his arm back, pats Cas on the knee, and says something about getting the popcorn ready as he heaves himself up off the couch.
”  Fury surges up in Castiel’s throat, choking him.  He grits his teeth.  “My ship is gone.  Everyone I—  They’re
the aspidochelone.  He had questions!”  Dean is seething, his fury pouring through the cracks in the door.
“And I don’t want to make you feel any worse, but how do you think Dean would react if you destroyed the Impala?  Or if you destroyed yourself?  How do you think Sam and Eileen would react?”
“That,” says Dean, staring at the glass in his hand like it’s made of pure gold, “is the best beer I have ever had.  Holy
Sam raises his flashlight again to check the next truck, and something in the way the light moves makes Eileen look over.  His hand is shaking.
He’s just about to drop back into real sleep when the sound of Dean’s breath hitching in his chest catches his ear.  Cas’s eyes open again.  The muscles of Dean’s face have gone taut, frown lines deepening and jaw clenching.  His hand twitches into a fist where it lays on the sheet between them.  Cas can hear his teeth grinding, and another breath shudders out of him.
The journey home is dark and silent.  Sam doesn’t speak, his hands white-knuckled around the steering wheel.  Cas stares out the window and watches the sun rise as they navigate the highway back to Kansas, the sky rolling from black to pink.  Somewhere behind them, Eileen is following in the Valiant, a pair of headlights over their shoulders.
There are shrubs and colorful flowers, dense thicket and vines.  And poking through the greenery is coral.
Feeling entirely detached from the earth under his feet, Cas nods again.  He has to do this.  He can’t leave Dean here in this horrific position, not when Dean deserves so much better.  Together, Eileen and Cas grip Dean’s torso and attempt to pull him from the post, but he won’t budge.  He’s pinned.
What is he going to do, burst into Cas’s bedroom at five in the morning?  To do what?  Just to talk?  Cuddle?  What the hell is wrong with him?  He’s drunk and acting rashly, and it’s not like he has any kind of plan.  Dean shakes his head and rolls his eyes at his stupidity, then scrapes his palms over his face and pulls his fingers through his hair.  Gritting his teeth, he swallows any thoughts of seeing Cas right now and deftly turns on his heel to go back to his room.  Which is where he should be.
It seems like ages since they’ve left the den, and ages more they have to walk.  In the pitch black of night it’s impossible to tell the time, Frank’s torch their only light and the forest above obscuring the stars.  They don’t talk now, hushed to silence by the prospect of danger lurking just beyond the torch’s light.  Dean doesn’t sing.  The children don’t cry or whine.  Even Frank has stopped grumbling under his breath.
Jody puts her burger down on the paper plate, then leans on her elbows with her hands clasped on the wooden tabletop.  “How are you doing, Cas?”
“I don’t know.  Could be.  Sam’s not in the seminary any more.”  Dean shakes his head, sighs.  “He enlisted in the Army.  Last time Missouri saw him was two months ago; he could’ve been stationed anywhere by now.”
He pours himself a steaming cup of coffee from the fresh pot, and half a second later nearly drops it on the floor when he looks up and notices Sam leaning on the doorframe.  “Fuck!”
Sam rolls down his window, letting the pine-scented air fill his chest.  It’s a minute or two before the
of voices, ripping through his skin, organs, atoms.  His eardrums are being torn to shreds by screams.  Men’s.  Women’s.  His own.  An iron poker sizzles in his belly, and his intestines boil.
It’s not the first time they’ve kissed like this, with their surroundings fading to grey.  But something’s shifted, and they both know it.
Closer, only a few miles away, a brilliant blue lake lies nestled between two sharp peaks.  A small sailboat coasts over the surface.  A little tendril of chimney smoke rises from the trees to the west, signaling someone else’s home.
Cas and Sam exchange a look, and quickly head for the Impala to retrieve their guns.  If someone was about to discover them burning a body in a field, it wouldn’t end well.  Their fears are quashed, however, when they recognize the vehicles coming down the dirt road.  Three trucks and a car all drive into the meadow and park next to the Impala and the Valiant.
The night has only gotten darker and it's difficult to see much detail at all, but Eileen doesn't miss the look of surprise that takes over Sam's features.
Something gives, and Dean lurches forward, falling onto Castiel as he finally manages to pull Dean free.  One douen still clings to Dean’s leg, teeth digging into the meat of his calf through his breeches as it's dragged behind him.  Castiel quickly untangles himself from Dean and stabs the douen through the top of its skull.  Instantly, its limbs go limp, mouth hanging open, like a puppet that’s just had its strings cut.
Dean rolls his eyes, more at himself than at Cas.  He should’ve expected that answer.  He’s an idiot.  He bites the bullet and finally stops the car.
Cas sighs, looking up at the high ceilings, and a smile drifts over his face.  “This is my home.  I could never leave, even if I wanted to.”
Dean grumbles indignantly, shouldering off his jacket.  “Fine.  But only ‘cause I like it when you take charge.”
Back inside, as Dean pulls a pair of longnecks from the fridge and twists the caps off, Sam leans against the counter.  “So this is your Heaven, huh?”
Dean claps a hand on Sam’s shoulder as he passes, taking the steps up to the porch.  “Built it myself.  Pretty cool, isn’t it?”
Driving back to Lebanon, Cas has the windows rolled down and he breathes deeply, intentionally.  Music loudly plays on the radio and his thumbs drum along in time on the steering wheel.  The sun is beginning to set, the sky streaked with brilliant pinks and oranges and purples rippling across the clouds.  Miracle sits on the passenger seat watching the traffic go by as Cas idly scratches his ears.
Castiel sits back, placing his now-empty dish at his feet.  “Find a ship to take me to Havana, I suppose,” he says.  “Then find work.”
, a schooner.  A ship this size doesn’t need a crew of more than fifteen and can be managed by many fewer, and it seems most of the men aboard are here crowded around Dean and Castiel.  Around them is nothing but open water.  All signs of both the
,” it hisses.  “There is only one way to ensure I never have to hear from you again.  I’ll force you to go somewhere else.”
Dean leaves the alleyway, and Castiel makes a face at his back before returning with him to the busy street.  If Dean expects him to play nanny to some stranger’s child, he’s got another thing coming.  Frankly, Castiel would rather face down another mermaid.
“Kid won’t still be at the market,” Dean says, peering curiously at what’s left of the garden.  “Odd time of year for a harvest, isn’t it?”
“Okay.”  Sam takes a sip from his mug, waiting for Cas to elaborate.  There’s a nearly ten-hour commute between the bunker and Mia’s practice, so Sam knows Cas usually has these appointments through videochat.
is horsing, riding the current steadily southward under Mr. Singer’s firm guiding hand despite the lack of a reliable breeze.
“In the woods.  Gotta be.  Douens are forest dwellers; they only come into towns and villages to hunt.”  Dean runs his fingers through his hair, sweat beading on his temples.  “I guarantee there’s more kids missing than just Jean-Luc.  He’s seven years old, right?”
Dean gives himself a shake, clearing his throat.  “Nothing, man.  You just look funny,” he says quickly.  “We need to get you some clothes that actually fit.”
had stopped for smoothies just before the Maine border, sighs disapprovingly.  “You’d have been better rested if you let Cas drive,” he chides.  “We have to go talk to the police.  What if the vamps already have another victim strung up somewhere?”
Castiel lets go of the bell rope and takes one sword from Dean.  “Hit them with the sharp end,” he says.
Breathing hard, Dean is startlingly aware of the fact that he’s already half naked while Cas is still fully clothed, and a glimmer of hesitancy tugs at the back of his head.  With Cas’s hands pinning Dean’s wrists to the bed, somehow expertly pushing every one of Dean’s buttons, he realizes that Cas has been playing this movie, running over this exact scenario in his head for
Cas clears his throat, scratching at the back of his head.  “Yeah,” he says.  “We’d been working up to it for a while, so I brought some of Dean’s clothes and…”  He trails off with a slight shake of his head.  “I don’t know.  I thought I was ready.”
It’s all Sam can do not to scream, and he pulls the tarp back over Cas’s face before going to help with the pyre.
And as for giving Jack his own Sword, there’s no precedent.  Jack is not an archangel.  There is no rulebook for nephilims, or for turning the body a nephilim already has into a Sword.  The ritual could go smoothly and this time tomorrow Cas might be back like nothing had happened, sipping beer at the table in the library.  Or it could have unforeseen consequences, and Jack could explode from the sheer amount of power he’ll be taking in, combining archangel grace with a true vessel, Dreamwalking,
Dean flashes him a lopsided grin, hoping it’s enough to put Cas at ease.  “Little late for that now, don’t you think?”
Sam swallows and finally nods, taking Miracle’s leash from Cas’s hand.  “Come with us,” he says, fighting tears.  “You don’t have to live here, Cas.  I know that this place is painful for you.”
The day has warmed considerably, but it’s still only a couple degrees above freezing.  Eileen finishes her lunch quickly in order to shove her hands into her pockets and protect them from the frigid air.  Sam surveys the square, watching people go about their day.  Eileen imagines the square is busier during the work week, but even on a Sunday there are dozens walking in all directions with thick scarves and hats and their coat collars turned up against the cold.  A handful of the public benches are occupied by even more homeless people, huddled under coats and sleeping bags to keep warm.
He finds Cas standing rigid and silent, leaning back against the kitchen counter, a white baker’s box sitting open behind him.  Cas is staring at the wall with a faraway look in his eyes, holding a small plate in one hand and a fork in the other.  A slice of peanut butter and jelly cheesecake sits on the plate with only a single bite taken out of it, Cas’s fork scraping absentmindedly on the ceramic as if he’s completely forgotten the cake is even there.  He hasn’t noticed Sam.
Dean takes a second to respond.  “Hell yeah.  Better’n the old way.”  His voice is already sluggish, the fatigue of the day rapidly catching up to him.
Sam can’t help but stand in awe of Dean’s tone, but it’s not until Cas comes inside from the garden that Sam understands it.
Fortunately, garbage collection is exclusively an early-morning service and the lot is completely empty of any employees.  There is nobody to catch them in the act as the four of them scale the fence.
Dean gapes at him, ankle braced atop his opposite knee and the damp cloth still pressed to his calf.  “Are you sure?” is all he says.
“If they were trying to dispose of the body, it would have been a lot easier to just put the parts in a purple bag,” he elaborates, his brow furrowed.  “The garbage men would have just taken the body to the landfill and nobody would have known.”
“Really, man?” Dean grumbles, quickly moving his beer glass out of Sam’s line of fire.  “You can’t even take a second to sit down?  Why don’t you order a beer?”
Jack circles around Sam and approaches the wall of the library, a blank brick space lacking in shelves or wall decor.  The glow in his veins is now shining through his clothing, lighting up his back, flowing down to his fingertips.  He clenches his fists, raises his arms…
.  On the low dresser at the other end of the room is the bottle of liquor that Dean apparently brought with them, already a quarter empty.
He's too fast, gaining distance quickly despite their efforts, and they manage to just spot him as he leaps up onto the top of the fence at the edge of the lot, flipping easily over it and landing unharmed on the other side.  Without waiting to see if they'll follow him further, he darts into the woods beyond, and disappears from view.
“Yeah, ‘cause vamps so often know their victims personally,” Dean says dryly.  But for a victim without a crime scene, it’s the only place to start.
A wry smile tugs at Cas’s mouth, and Dean wants to swallow it whole.  “Well, if I’d known this was happening I wouldn’t have gotten dressed at all.”
November is hardly the most forgiving month in Maine.  The sun sets early and rises late, the autumn long faded and the snow yet to fall, leaving the landscape a muddy mix of bleak grays and browns.  Puddles splinter on the sidewalks and the wind is punishing.
The corpse has a massive cavity in its chest, a hole torn straight through skin and muscle and ribs, leaving what little is left of the internal organs exposed.  There are more wounds covering the body – gashes all over the limbs and lower abdomen, and a deep laceration all the way through the left cheek, exposing the molars.
Dean calls Cas’s name.  Cas looks up from his work, and upon seeing Sam immediately lurches to his feet.
“I’m just saying,” Sam continues as he watches an unkempt woman walk past, talking nonstop to herself.  “There are more than I’d expect for a city this size.  If something is really targeting the homeless population, that’s a big pool to fish from, and it’d be hard to spot.  It’s not like anybody’s keeping track.”
In the back of his head, Sam thinks that if the roles were reversed here, and he’d walked in on Cas lying with his head in Dean’s lap, Dean would cough and push Cas away, or make some gruff comment about not having the heart to move him.  He’d brush it off, somehow, whatever way he could.  And Sam is grateful, abruptly, that Dean’s not awake to throw up those quick defenses.
Somewhere behind him, the juvenile douens are clawing at Dean’s legs, dragging him, screaming an overlapping chorus of “
figured out some way around the natural barriers between dimensions, between life and death, slams into Cas with tangible force.  He shakes his head, feeling his heart about to break.  “Oh, Jack,” he says.  “What have you done?”
Losing his grace this time around was nothing like what Metatron did years ago.  Rather than slitting Cas’s throat and drawing it out like a thread from a seam, the Empty had torn Cas’s grace out of him in a single horrible instant.  It was ripped from every atom in his body and left Cas barely able to breathe, let alone function.  The weeks following his return mostly consisted of sleeping, vomiting, fighting off fevers, and eating like a linebacker as he slowly gained back his strength.
The hand pulls away and Dean gulps sour air.  Immediately he shudders, aching with the lack of touch.  The burning, ripping, searing pain sweeps back in, and he grieves the loss as profoundly as any death.
They drive to Hastings, just a hop-skip-jump into Nebraska, for the closest Wal-Mart.  Dean’s not the most helpful shopper under the best of circumstances and he still feels a bit unsure of how to carry himself around Cas in public, second-guessing every motion and glance and hyper-aware of anyone else that might walk past, so he shoves Cas in the general direction of the men’s clothing and wanders the aisles on his own.
A smile creeps back onto Cas’s face like a sunrise, gradual and brilliant.  “Slow,” he echoes.  “I can do that.”
It takes less time than he expects for the pyre to burn down to nothing but charred timber, and then without fuss or fanfare the crew returns to the
Why didn’t he just say it back?  Even if he doesn’t feel the same way, he knew what was happening and what Cas wanted to hear before the end.  Guilt claws at Dean’s skull.  Cas sacrificed himself and Dean couldn’t even say it back just to say it.  He froze.  He did nothing.  He let Cas die.
leaps from the back seat of the van as soon as Sam slides the door open, running up the porch steps and bouncing impatiently from foot to foot when he realizes the front door is locked.
“It was nothing,” Cas replies evenly, gazing back out the window at the trees blurring past the window.  “Endless nothing.”
He still hasn’t gotten used to needing sleep, and has found in the month since the Empty spit him back out that he usually wakes up a few times each night, as though his newly human body hasn’t quite remembered yet how to stay asleep for more than an hour or two.  So he lays there and lets his mind wander, trusting that sleep will eventually return before dawn.
, Cas wants to say.  Instead, he presses his lips together and watches quietly as Dean finally straightens to brush his teeth.
The captain cuts him off with a glare.  “You know the rules.  Every man on the ship is to be tested.  No exceptions.”
She reaches across the table and lays her hand over his.  “I’m not going to force you to talk about it,” she says.  “But I know better than most that grief doesn’t go away, and I know that
“What about you?” asks Garth after he tells Castiel about a tavern that supposedly has the best blackened fish this side of the Atlantic.  “What will you do?”
Cas has already refocused his attention on his book, and it takes him an embarrassingly long moment to realize that he’s… still holding Dean’s hand.
Cas’s eyes drop to Dean’s mouth, and back up again.  Dean really wasn’t kidding about the honeymoon phase — the thrill hasn’t even begun to fade, and he’s not sure it ever will.  He thinks he’d be fine with the honeymoon phase lasting for the next decade or so; maybe longer.  Heat pools low in his belly as Cas’s hand loops around the nape of his neck and pulls him into a kiss.
Something occurs to Sam then, and he reaches over to the stereo and pops open the tape deck.  He picks the cassette out and grins at the label.
It feels odd to be back in the garage, though Cas can’t quite put his finger on why.  Everything feels suddenly more solid than it did when he’d left.
Dean pants, rolling onto his back and clutching the nape of his neck.  “Thanks, Cas,” he says breathlessly.
“You just say ‘bingo’!” Dean snaps, glowering.  He replies with the proper quote from the movie, but his irritation is genuine, and all he wants to do is punch Sam in the jaw.
They drive the hour back to the bunker under a rapidly setting sun, the windshield blazing in orange and purple.  Dean plays music, but not so loudly that they can’t talk.  The conversation is effortless, not punctuated by thorny silences or grasping at straws, and somewhere in the back of Dean’s head is the thought that it should be more awkward than this, that surely it can’t still be
Already the crew has begun the cleanup, dragging mermaid corpses to the edges of the ship and tossing them unceremoniously overboard.  Dean and Garth hoist one together over the bulward, letting it vanish into the dark with nothing more than a splash from below.
Is this supposed to be normal for humans, he wonders, to just be in a shitty mood for absolutely no logical reason?  Because it’s
Cas realizes abruptly that his hands have curled into fists, his jaw clenched tight, and he can feel a flush creeping over his face.  He draws a deep breath and tries to relax.  He really has to practice not reacting to things outwardly; it might blow their cover.
Letting his fingers run up the rib of her hood from the headlight to the side mirror, Cas pulls the door open and sits in the passenger seat.  The hinge creaks as he shuts the door, a grating noise so familiar to him that it sounds like
Dean studies him for a moment, then nods and says, “Okay.  You sure you don’t want a snack or something?”
“I’m Dean,” he tries, pointing to his chest, then patting Jean-Luc’s shoulder.  “This is Jean-Luc.  That’s Cas.”  He gestures to Castiel, then lightly taps the girl’s chest.  “And you?”
Castiel isn’t sure what Frank expects him to say to that, so he shrugs and says nothing.  He’s not all that inclined to justify himself to a man who’s threatened him mere minutes before.
Castiel squints in confusion, past the man’s shoulder, and sees at last that he’s on the deck of a ship.  A handful of others hover nearby, one coiling a rope that’s still attached to the young man’s waist.  Overhead, sails flap in the breeze.
He’s pulled under by a force so strong, the air is ripped from his lungs as he goes down, bubbles streaming from his mouth like his very soul is escaping him.  The strongest man on earth couldn’t swim against this current.
A tinny bell over the door to the clinic jingles softly when they walk in.  Dean frowns, surprised at the homey interior.  There’s a front desk and a secretary, but the rest of the lobby — if it can be called a lobby — is made up of squashy patched-up armchairs and a ratty couch, a scuffed coffee table, and piles of outdated magazines.  A few narrow doors lead off from the main room, nameplates designating them as offices, and a staircase leads up to a second level in the back.
For a moment, Castiel turns this over in his head, lets it sink in.  “When it said your name.  That was your mother’s voice.”
With every mermaid corpse that hits the deck, it gets easier to kill the next.  Slowly, the men begin to outnumber the monsters.
The upper edge of the hull that comes above the deck, forming essentially a rail around the deck and keeps water from washing onto the ship.
Maryann gazes at the mugshot fondly for a moment.  “Of course I do.  Fred’s a gem.  Or was, anyway.  Always a pleasant guy to have around — when he was sober.”  She shakes her head and returns the photo to Sam.  “But, you know, substance abuse does terrible things to a person.  He didn’t deserve what happened.”
Mr. Singer turns and quirks an eyebrow at the rest of the crew.  “What’re you idjits standing around gawking for?  Get back to work!”
Castiel is out of breath with exertion and terror, and he glances over his shoulder to see that Dean has beheaded the other mermaid on the prow.  Its severed head sits where it rolled a couple yards away, its body lying akimbo and leaking dark blood onto the planks.
Dean clears his throat, fingertips tingling, and manages a hoarse, “Um.  Yeah, I’ll get something started.”
—” He gestures to the empty space between the two of them.  “—wasn’t a thing.  And now, I… I don’t know.”
But ambiguity is not his friend, and Dean either wants this or he doesn’t.  And he knows he does.  There’s no use twisting himself into tighter and tighter knots over things that haven’t even happened yet.  All he can do is let them happen.
, Dean hasn’t moved a muscle.  He stands like a sentry, watching vehicles trickle past on the road outside the motel.
At first, Castiel doesn’t register the sound, but then Wally taps his own cup in unison.  Then Asa joins, stomping his foot against the deck, and is followed by Rufus.
Dean’s eyebrows shoot toward his hairline.  “...Is that a lead?  Do we think these people were killed by an actual snake?”
It only takes a couple of weeks to sink into their new normal.  Not just hunting small-time monsters and being relieved when each case doesn’t lead to bigger and badder things, but
The King’s Head is halfway down the pier, hidden in the flank of a brick office building.  Inside is a huge U-shaped bar staffed by a pretty redhead and a handful of smaller tables, the only other patrons a couple of retirees at the far end of the bar.  A massive stag’s head is mounted on the wall, antlers adorned with a short string of lights.
Dean’s eyelids slip closed.  A soft “Mm” sound comes up from his chest, his body sinking into the mattress.
Cas frowns in confusion.  “What—?”  It’s at that moment that he realizes that his chest hurts, inside and outside, and it’s radiating outward.  He looks down and sees a small bullet hole, just to the left of his breastbone.  A red poppy blossoming in the fabric of his shirt.  “...Oh.”
For a good long while, the only sounds are the crunching of their boots and Frank’s occasional grumbles.  Castiel feels Feliciana’s head sag on his shoulder, exhaustion setting in.
Castiel knows how a well-run ship should feel beneath him when he’s up in the air, with only the ropes and yardarms separating him from a long drop into the water.  In the hands of an inexperienced helmsman, even the most well-built vessel will buck and slap ungracefully against the waves, coming dangerously close to throwing anybody in the masts overboard.  But with Mr. Singer at the wheel, the
“Agent Frantz, welcome back,” the officer says.  He’s young — late twenties, maybe — with sandy blond hair and heavy coffee breath.  He looks worn out, like he’s been up all night watching TV.
men are buried at sea all the time, so there’s no reason Castiel can think of to have kept the corpses for an actual, literal burial.
When they return to the bunker, it feels empty without Jack, and yet it’s more full of life than it’s been in ages.  Overjoyed to be home without yet another enemy knocking at the door, the three of them sit at the table in the library, drinking beer and laughing until the early hours of the morning.  Sam videocalls Eileen, Donna, Jody, Bobby, and Charlie, one after the other.  It’s partly to make sure they’re alive and safe, and partly to have them join in the celebration.  This is a family night, and it’s not complete without them.
A soft, blissed-out smile takes over Cas’s features, erasing any traces of worry.  The backs of his fingers lightly brush Dean’s cheek.  “Thank you for telling me,” is all he says.
registers in Sam’s head, and by then Dean is pulling the car off the pavement onto a dirt road leading up a gradual hill.
Dean wipes sweat from his upper lip, surveying the area.  The crew is filing down the gangplank past them, eagerly dashing off to rum-soaked taverns, brothels, and other familiar haunts.  Only Bobby and Rufus stay put, waiting for the captain to return.  They have errands to run
Sam’s almost equally fatigued but masks it better, all business, rigid and official as he flashes his badge and tells the coroner they’d like to see the autopsy results.
“Nah, they’re watching gory movies and Eileen’s already passed out in a pizza coma,” Dean replies with a flap of his hand, leaning on the counter.
“Sam!” he cries, yanking Sam down into a firm hug, and suddenly Sam is laughing for the sheer wonder and joy
Dropping one final armful of wood onto the amassed pile, Cas looks up at the sound of an engine.  No, multiple engines.  There are cars coming.
He thought being human was a blessing.  The Empty destroyed his grace and, disgusted with him, spit him out one final time.  It was supposed to be a blessing.  If he’d come back with his grace still intact and Dean had died anyways, it wouldn’t even have been half as bad as this, because as an angel Cas would still be able to reach him.  As a human, he can’t wander into Dean’s heaven.  He can’t pray in any way that Dean would hear him.  Cas is completely alone.
Ropes used to hoist sails up for stowage.  The buntlines are situated along the center of the sail, while the clewlines are only at the edges and used to hoist the corners.
“Three,” Garth interjects from where he’s dragging a dead mermaid past them.  “The sword-throwing was impressive.”
Dean eventually falls into his bed sometime around dawn, more than a little drunk, and lays there in the dark.  He’s exhausted but he still can’t sleep, completely unaccustomed to having nothing looming ahead – no new fights, no monsters, nothing in the entire pantheon of the world coming to try and devour them.  There will still be cases, the occasional werewolf or vampire or djinn, but all of that seems trivial now, barely a blip on the radar.  Tomorrow (or rather later today) he’s going to wake up and he’ll have nothing to do.
Sam hangs up the call and spends the quick journey from the coroner’s office to Commercial Street going over the medical file he’d obtained from Gagnon.  The file is light — only a couple of pages — but Sam reads and rereads.  Sometimes, Dean wonders at how Sam never seems to get carsick.
Cas ducks out of the house to re-park the Impala, and Sam cleans the cassette tape mess up as best he can, locating a small paper bag in a cupboard so that Cas can take it home with him.  It’s irreparable, but Sam has a feeling it’s still worth quite a lot to Cas.
“I’ll meet you up there,” Dean says, and Cas nods and continues up the stairs and out of the bunker.
Just as quickly as she’d returned to them, Feliciana dashes back to her parents, who take her back to the safety of her home with a last grateful look over their shoulders.
Somehow, Dean still hasn’t quite fallen asleep by the time Cas crawls into bed after him.  His eyes are closed and he’s somewhere close to dozing, but over the past couple of months since Cas lost his grace, Dean quickly adjusted to falling asleep with Cas in the bed beside him.  He’s not sure he quite knows how to sleep on his own anymore.
By now, the sun is up outside the bunker.  Cas’s circadian rhythm is whining that he should be beginning his day, getting coffee, getting breakfast.  But his eyelids are heavy and he didn’t sleep a wink during the drive back from Texas, and he needs to get used to doing what his body tells him to do.  That’s the human way, isn’t it?  To need things?
By the time Sam hands Cas a small USB loaded with the Zeppelin songs from his list, the sun is coming up, spilling rosy orange through the kitchen window.
Donna approaches from behind Claire, her face drawn and solemn.  She looks exhausted.  “Hiya, hon,” she says softly, and wraps her arms around Sam’s shoulders.
As Castiel squints up to the woody ridge glowing in the noon sun, Ishim lashes the rope from the dinghy to a palm trunk close to the water’s edge.  The other three men clamber out of the dinghy, arms laden with empty sacks and crates for food.  They have plenty of stores on board the ship, but if they’re as far off course as Akobel believes they must be, it’s only common sense to collect extra while they have the opportunity.  At least in this particular area, it’s obvious the island is uninhabited, and so they’ll have to forage.
Claire appears from behind, slamming a fistful of pennies into the alpha’s mouth.  The hit makes the alpha’s hand squeeze reflexively, a single gunshot echoing out over the industrial sprawl ten stories below them.  Cas flinches at the noise, and in the same instant Donna removes the alpha’s head from her shoulders.  The Nachzehrer’s body falls unceremoniously, blood splattering out from her gaping neck and turning the concrete crimson.
Dean’s heart quickens at the sight of Cas squirting lube onto his fingers, excitement and anxiety spiking in his stomach in equal measure.
“No,” Dean says with a chuckle.  “Anything you’d describe as a monster, anything that preys on people, that’s what we hunt.”
Eileen checks her phone momentarily before tucking it back into her jacket.  “It’s almost four.  If we leave now we can get back home before Mrs. Mendez tries feeding Dean veggie bacon for breakfast.”
Cas’s fingers card through the stubble of Dean’s hair, his other hand palming Dean’s bare hip.  “What are you laughing at?”
Cas doesn’t — won’t — apologize for being worried, but he obliges and backs off.  “Come back to bed when you’re ready.”
They take Dean to a place outside of Lebanon, a meadow surrounded by woods a decent distance from the road.  Cas is at last forced to leave Dean in the car, and he, Sam, and Eileen begin collecting wood for a funeral pyre.  As he works, Cas is utterly numb.
“Thank you,” Castiel says, although it’s more automatic courtesy than genuine gratitude.  He’s not hungry.  Maybe he’s still nauseated from spitting up seawater; maybe he’s simply in shock.
Eileen wakes with the dawn, the window of the motel room glowing a chilly pink.  She sits up in bed, stretching and working the kinks out of her back from the terrible mattress, and blearily rubs the gunk from her eyes.  Sam is not in bed, and she blinks a few times to force her eyes to focus before she sees him sitting at the small table in the corner, already dressed and sharpening their machetes.
His arms and knees are covered in dirt, grass stains embedded in his jeans.  Cas crosses the distance down the hill quickly with a smile bright enough to rival the sunlight washing down the mountainside.
see Dean again, I promise.  But your life isn’t pointless without him.  And destroying Dean’s things won’t bring him back.”
he’s an idiot.  Dean’s body was burned.  So the only way he could stay is by attaching himself to an object.  And the only object to which Dean would attach himself
He lets out a slow breath and walks over to her, suddenly shivering.  Logically, he knows the garage is always colder than the bunker, but his heart skips with hope
The air goes quiet and still.  The men stand and listen, eyes searching for anything amiss, knuckles white around the hilts of their cutlasses.  They hold formation in the middle of the deck, backs to each other, and stay a good distance from the edge.
Sam clears his throat.  “Yeah, of course,” he says, and follows Dean up the steps and in through the front door.
Cas lifts his head, his lips pulling away from Dean for the first time since they came into the room.  This makes Dean open his eyes, meeting Cas’s gaze (and doesn’t that just nearly take him out at the knees).  A small, barely-detectable grin is sketched over Cas’s face.
Cas has no idea what that means, but it sends a chill through his body.  Terror claws at the back of his skull, his breath quickening.  “Where… where is he?” he asks, his voice shaking.
By the time they’re ready to begin the spells, Dean and Sam have been awake for at least forty-eight hours.  Sam forces Jack to sleep, insisting he needs to be at full strength to do this, and Dean doesn’t disagree.  So while they wait for Jack to rest and recharge, Dean and Sam remain in the library.  Dean is relieved when Sam doesn’t press for any more information about Cas’s final minutes.  Instead, Sam only suggests that Dean get some sleep too.
,” the douen says, and Dean freezes instantly.  Color drains from his face.  The douen’s voice is abruptly human again, and eerily calm.  At last it manages to stand, drawing itself upward as it speaks softly in a woman’s voice.  “
Dean pauses, then laughs tightly, like he’s trying to brush away something that’s clinging to his shoulder.  He deftly changes the subject.  “Nice night, isn’t it?”
The bag plops onto the jagged rocks and stays there.  A head is just visible through the rip in the plastic, the outline of a nose and a milky white eye.
The lights on the garage ceiling flicker to life, blinding in comparison to the soft lamps inside the bunker.  Cas swallows, pausing on the top step with his hand on the rail.  The Impala sits in her usual parking spot, still gleaming through the thin layer of dust.  Nobody’s driven her since they brought Dean’s corpse home from Ohio.  Eileen and Sam have been driving the Valiant exclusively, and Cas, on the rare occasions he’s left the bunker, has been using his old beater of a truck with its squealing fan belt and the air conditioning that coughs out sawdust whenever he turns it on.  He likes the truck fine, but mostly he can still hear Dean’s voice in the back of his head:
The coroner is a chubby man in his early forties with a neck beard and an ID badge that states his name — Matt Gagnon — in bold letters.  He shrugs.  “I mean, sure, but honestly there wasn’t much to do an autopsy
The night sky overhead is breathtaking, the moon shimmering against the surface of the water off the port bow.  The
Then, Cas does something with his tongue that makes him arch up and stutter out, “Fuck — Cas, I — stop, stop,
Cas grins up at him, seeming to congratulate himself for discovering one of Dean’s sensitive spots, and reaches up to tug the other one.
A light chuckle works its way up from Dean’s chest, and he leans back down to kiss Cas on the mouth, lingering before he pulls away.
There are only two eateries open at this hour.  The first is Denny’s, which — ew.  Even Dean’s standards aren’t quite that low.  The second is a small diner on the waterfront, and they have to drive back over the bridge onto the peninsula in order to reach it.  The stars are out, the winter dawn still a long way off, and Commercial Street is dark.  Becky’s Diner shines like a beacon, a blinking neon sign and a handful of cars already gathered like animals at a watering hole.
“My brother ran off, couple years ago,” he starts, clearing his throat.  “He wanted to join the seminary.  I didn’t really understand it, but I think he was willing to do anything to get out of what we do.”
Sam leans back in his chair, not even trying to hide his grin anymore.  “Oh, is that what kids are calling it these days?”
Cas blinks in confusion, instantly picking up on the tension, and frowns over his coffee mug as Sam disappears down the corridor.  The moment he’s out of sight, Cas turns his attention to Dean.  “What’s the matter?”
Over her shoulder, he can see Claire and Donna at last sawing the head off the smaller female.  The Nachzehrer who’s holding him at gunpoint doesn’t change, doesn’t transform back into a human, which means she’s the alpha of the nest.  She advances again, making him back up further, until the heel of his boot hits the lower concrete barrier along the very edge of the roof.
A thumb teases at the head of Dean’s cock as Cas slides back up to kiss Dean’s lips, his throat, the hollow of his jaw.  “What do you want, Dean?” Cas whispers, sending a fiercely gratifying shiver down Dean’s spine.
Somehow, she’d grabbed the gun from where he dropped it, and he hadn’t noticed.  Stupid, stupid, rookie mistake.
“I — I don’t know, I mean…” Dean stammers, struggling to find the words.  “Would you even want to do this, if you weren’t human?”
When he’s reassembled, he half expects his body parts to have been reattached in all the wrong places — knees for elbows, head in his groin, whatever the demons find particularly funny at the moment — but instead he’s whole and complete.  He doesn’t trust it.  He’s on his knees, shins sticking to the gore on the ground, hooks hanging nearby, dripping.
that’s exactly how we got into trouble.  Again and again and again.  And every time it was worse than the time before.  I’m not going to subject the world to that.”
“Thinking is not your strong suit, boy,” snarls the captain’s voice.  It’s vicious enough to make even Castiel flinch where he stands in the dark.  “There is a reason we do not go blabbing about these things to every man in every port!”
one – who thinks any of this is a secret.  Cas is doing the same thing Sam is, waiting for Dean to catch up.
His orgasm sneaks up on him, crashing over him like a tidal wave between Cas’s thrusts, spilling across his own stomach.  He cries out with the force of it, savoring the all-encompassing feeling of Cas holding him through it, of being surrounded so completely.
of shops,” Cas says, fatigued and carrying a couple of bags that he definitely didn’t purchase for himself.
“Dean,” Cas says, his voice still a bit hoarse from his injury the day before.  Dean’s heart skips abruptly; he ignores it.  “I am perfectly happy to continue our friendship unchanged.  Please don’t do something that will make you unhappy just because you think you owe me.”
He puts up a fight, but Dean finally sits up and rubs the sleep from his eyes as Cas gets dressed.  They leave the bunker with Miracle trotting alongside them and fresh air filling their lungs.
Sam nods and turns to approach the back of Donna’s truck.  When Eileen moves to accompany him, he gestures for her to give him a moment.
“That’s okay,” Cas replies, his voice only slightly above a whisper.  “I knew it was a long shot anyway.”
Time slows to a crawl as Cas approaches the barn door with his pulse echoing in his ears and static crackling inside his head.  His limbs seem to move of their own accord.
Dean pauses for just a moment to shrug with one shoulder.  “Just something my mother used to sing,” he replies softly, then returns to the song.
He disappears into the corridor and Dean just stands there by the map table for a minute, hair prickling where Cas tugged on it, until he manages to give himself a shake and re-orient the room around him.
Dean’s just quietly frowning at Cas from the seat to his right, like he’s trying to decipher some kind of code.
Frank huffs, clearly wanting to ask Castiel more questions instead, but stands to retrieve a knife from the counter behind him.
Jack nods once, and suddenly they’re in Sam and Eileen’s back yard outside of Kansas City.  Sam, Eileen, and Dean are playing soccer together, laughing and running.  They don’t know that Cas is dead; they haven’t gotten that call yet.  Miracle, old and riddled with arthritis, lays contentedly on the porch as they play.
Now that it’s not moving too fast to be studied, Castiel can see the douen in full horrible detail.  It’s short-bodied and long-limbed and padded with fat like a well-fed child.  Its skin is green and mottled, perfectly camouflaged with the surrounding woods.  There is no face, its head featureless apart from a small mouth ringed in sawteeth.
“My grandmother’s known the family for a long time,” Patience explains.  “Since before I was born.  She took care of the boys a lot when they were young.”
He feels his heart knock against his ribs, a trickle of adrenaline coursing through his veins.  He stares at the crack under the door and pictures the shadows of two feet appearing, imagines a soft knock from the other side and a whispered “
Dean nods, uncertainty clouding his face.  “Yeah.  I guess I am.  Willing to try, anyways.”  He shrugs again.
Dean looks different, for all that he seems real enough.  Sam can’t quite put his finger on what exactly is different about him, but the Dean from his own memories and the Dean standing in front of him can’t seem to reconcile.
Somewhere in his twisting stomach, Castiel feels a tugging, pulling him back to the sea.  But not to Havana.  No, he wants to go north, back along the route he’d taken with the
Castiel twists in his seat, the chair creaking beneath him, to see that Dean and Missouri have returned from the back room.  Instantly, Castiel can see that something has changed; something hard and hurt is etched into the corners of Dean’s face.  He suddenly looks older.
They’re on a wide bridge overlooking a river, the sun still in the east.  Dean worries for a second about leaving the Impala in the road before he remembers that there’s no one else on the planet, nobody left to drive by.  They get out of the car and Cas goes over to the edge, his hands on the railing as he takes in the view.  Dean leans against the rail next to him, propped on his elbows.  Sunlight is glinting off the water as the river rushes beneath the bridge, frothing over the rocks below.  The clouds painted against the sky are feathered and distant.
He sees Sam and Eileen a few times every month, and talks on the phone more frequently.  He goes to their house for birthdays and holidays and anniversaries, and he watches Dean sprout from infant to toddler to child.  He’s there for Dean’s first steps, his first word, his first run.  Cas helps to take care of him when he’s sick, and when Sam and Eileen just need some time to themselves.
“Bobby had it in his other hand when he cut you,” Dean says, and it strikes Castiel as odd that he refers to Mr. Singer by his Christian name.  “If you were a siren, nereid, or one of a handful of other things, your skin would’ve burned.  You’d have noticed.”
Dean and Cas climb out of the Impala and hunch their shoulders against the bitter cold, dashing across the sidewalk before their fingers can turn blue.  Inside is bright and warm and coffee-scented.  Carhartt-clad fishermen are scattered down the counter, grumbling into their mugs before they head out to their boats for the day.
Eileen frowns.  “Are we sure they’re actually being put in the compactor?” she asks.  Sam is right — if they’re going to the trouble of separating the bodies from the regular trash, then the point must be to save them for some other use, for a specific purpose, and it would be illogical to throw them in with everything else.
Cas shakes his head again, unwilling to back down from his oath.  Whatever the Empty means, it has to be worse than his current punishment.  “If you send me back to Earth, I will still come back to you eventually,” Cas pleads, hoping to convince the Empty to keep him.  “When I die, millenia from now, I will come back.”
"Well," Sam says, shining his light toward the trees as if the stranger might be coming back already.  "That wasn't a vampire."
A moment later, the noise repeats and Sam’s eyes snap all the way open as he realizes Eileen’s snoring isn’t what woke him.  He sits up immediately, pushing the blankets aside, and quickly leaves their bedroom.
Sam shifts uncomfortably.  “Nothing, I’m probably just coming down with a stomach bug or something.”
The vetala shrieks as Sam finally wrestles her to the ground and Eileen darts in for the kill, silver knife finding its mark.  The body goes slack and begins to crumble, wasting away into the sidewalk.
The ship noses down, down, down until the anchor chain wrests the winch free, and it tears through the splintered gap in the hull with a crash.  The
Maybe Dean’s not been gone long enough to know how to pierce through the Veil.  They saw the same thing happen with Bobby years ago; it’s not unheard of.  Maybe Dean is right there, just out of reach, just out of sight.  Maybe he’s screaming to be heard.
Dean sleeps the whole night through.  When he wakes in the morning, he returns to consciousness slowly, Cas’s arms heavy where they’re still entwined, his face nestled into Dean’s shoulder.  Dean doesn’t open his eyes immediately, content to lie still for a little while longer with Cas’s breath tickling his neck.
Cas sits bolt upright in an instant, his mind already spinning with possible scenarios — Dean in the bathroom puking up his guts again, Dean taken off in the Impala without so much as a word, Dean
“Inias!” Castiel shouts, but with only a flash of a flailing hand, Inias is gone, sucked down into the depths by some unseen current.
Dean nestles up to the place where Cas’s wings used to be, covering up the unseen scars with his own body.  It’s all he can do, really.  This pain, this loss… it’s right, and it’s what should have happened.  But that doesn’t make it hurt any less.
“Yeah, douens feed on kids,” Dean explains.  “Sometimes a dozen at a time.  They stalk them, raid the nearby gardens, and lure the kids to their den."
Dean blinks in shock at Cas’s tone, his mouth pressing into a thin line for half a second.  He exhales, then says, lowly, “Get in the car,” and leaves to help Sam and Eileen with the corpse disposal.
Patience glances at Frank as he sits back down and goes to work on the carrots.  They share a light chuckle, amused by Castiel’s lack of comprehension.  “Dean didn’t tell you?” she asks, unpacking plantains, cassava, sugar apples, and sweet potatoes from the basket.
It’s then that Cas reaches down between them, lines himself up and slides inside slowly.  Dean arches up against him, pressing his face into Cas’s neck and locking his arms around Cas’s shoulders.  Dean’s mouth falls open, breath hot against Cas’s chest, reveling in the stretch and slow burn as Cas drives into him.
a name he recognizes from the early 20th-century Men of Letters roster.  Sam sets the book back on the desk, wondering if Cas had been reading it for a case or just out of curiosity.
Castiel can’t hold his tongue, and cuts in sharply.  “Are you forgetting that we managed to rescue these kids
Four days later, Sam and Dean walk into the Cumberland County Coroner’s Office just outside of Portland.  The article published in the Press Herald popped up almost immediately on Sam’s laptop, flagged by his numerous tracking algorithms, and they drove through the night and most of today, Dean and Castiel in the Impala while Sam and Eileen rode in the Valiant.  It’s early afternoon but Dean is exhausted, his stomach growling and his foot aching from the gas pedal.  After this, he’s dragging Sam straight to whatever’s the nearest diner.
A breath shudders out of Dean’s body like a ghost escaping him, and for a second Castiel thinks he might collapse.  Castiel stands back up from where the douen sent him into the dirt, brushing woody debris from his knees and elbows.  Frank leans on a tree for support as he tries to catch his breath.
Cas reluctantly agrees, and as soon as he does it feels right.  He tells himself that he’s not keeping the Impala for selfish reasons, that it’s only because it’s not a good car for a new family with a baby.
“Well, this bite mark — if it is a bite mark — was made before the guy died,” Gagnon explains, straightening back up to his not-so-impressive height and adjusting his heavy glasses on his nose.  “If it was post-mortem, then fine, some fish or eel or something took a nibble while he was floating in the harbor.  But he was bitten first, then surgically dismembered, and
“If you think all this is—”  Dean’s arms squeeze again, reassuringly around Cas’s torso.  “—is just based on what you can
Dean stares at the portal, and it takes everything in him to not take a running leap and follow after Jack.  But he knows that there’s no way in this or any other dimension that the Empty would ever let him back out.
Dean can’t help but snort, squeezing Cas’s shoulders.  “Are you always this cling—”  The final syllable lodges in his throat as Cas’s tongue catches on his nipple.
Cas blanches.  “Hell?” he asks.  It’s the only thing he can think of that’s worse – nearly endless pain and torture rather than an eternity of nothingness – but Hell will only delay his return to the Empty, not prevent it.
Dean smiles, relieved that the tension is beginning to dissipate.  He doesn’t think he could handle feeling awkward around Cas for much longer.  The easiest way forward would be to keep joking, to eventually get to a point where they can forget Cas ever said anything (impossible), and to return to the way their friendship was before.  But he also believes what he said, that he owes Castiel his honesty, and so he draws a deep breath and takes a risk.
Patience stands suddenly, frowning toward the kitchen window before Dean can say goodbye to her as well.  “Someone’s coming.”
They reach the bunker shortly after dawn, and Cas doesn’t know if it’s the hunt, the long and sleepless drive, or the blood loss, but he’s exhausted.  Sam and Eileen are still an hour or two behind them, having stopped more frequently to trade shifts driving, so Dean calls dibs on the shower and heads to his room to unpack.
“I’m glad you’re amused,” Castiel says flatly, although he can’t quite stifle a grin as he gingerly rubs the wound through his shirt.  Dean’s laughter is infectious, and besides, the pain is already fading.  He leans against the wall beside him.
But Cas nods in agreement, and states, “A flash drive would be nice,” in a way that makes Sam think he’s trying very hard to speak without letting his voice waver.
He gives her a genuine smile, feeling secure in the fact that she loves and cares for him.  “I know.  Thank you, Jody.  I’ll take you up on it someday, I promise.”  But today is not that day, and Cas bids Jody goodbye with a hug before beckoning Miracle back to the car.
“Whoa, whoa,” interrupts Dean quickly.  “Hey.  No.  I just drove like twenty hours straight, okay?  It’s lunch time.  I need food.
They perform the Enochian ritual first.  Sam takes a spare cauldron that Rowena gave him as a joke for his last birthday and, over a fire outside the bunker entrance, melts down an angel blade
In the dark once again, Dean yanks the pillow over his head with an irritated huff and he stays there until sleep finds him at last.
Cas is gazing thoughtfully up at the dead eyes of the taxidermied deer.  “I’m still confused as to why a vampire—”  He stops abruptly, clearing his throat as Lilah returns with their drinks.
, sprouting up in every color, in every shape.  Mixed in with the coconut palms and copperwoods and white cinnamon, the forest is an entire reef unto itself.  And stranger
Cas scratches behind his ear.  “Once Sam gets back, we should look into places the victim frequently visited.  It’s possible the vampire knew him.”
And most jarring, its legs are backwards — the knees bend in reverse and the feet are turned toward its back, almost giving it the appearance of some kind of mutated bird.
“Yeah, the Preble Street Resource Center,” Maryann clarifies, scribbling an address onto a Post-It and handing it to Sam.  “Most of the homeless folks in Portland hang around that area.  It’d probably be a good place to start.”
— Dean should have known that he would.  He braces his hands on the counter and lets out a long breath, chastising himself for being so worked up over nothing.  It
Without thinking, he stands up and walks out, heading up the stairs and out of the bunker, and ignores Sam calling his name.
He was right the night before — he is sore, but not as much as he expected.  As he steps into the shower and scrubs his skin under the steaming spray, Dean can still feel the phantom touches of Cas’s hands and mouth, fingers gripping his hips and stretching him open.  He kind of hopes the sensation will last.
“Then I’ll stay here with Marie Helene and the children.”  She takes Marie Helene’s hand in hers, patting comfortingly and giving the terrified mother a sweet smile.  Despite Marie Helene’s lack of English, she seems to understand that they’ll help her, and her shoulders fall as though she’s just dropped a huge weight to the floor.
Dean yanks him back in, already sick of not having Cas’s mouth on him.  He drags Cas’s lower lip in between his teeth, tasting static.  Cas grinds up on him again and Dean groans into the back of Cas’s throat, the muscles in his shoulders going slack.
And then it’s over as quickly as it began.  Jack reaches into the void and vanishes, the black hole collapsing after him.  The library goes silent, leaving Sam and Dean’s ears ringing.  The only thing left is a silken thread of light hovering over the brick wall where the hole had been, a rift between the Earth and the Empty beyond.
you know about the world,” he snaps.  “Let your guard down, and that’s when something new will come around and bite your head off.”
The den is only a dozen or so yards further, and Castiel can’t keep his jaw from dropping when he sees it.  He’d expected a cave, perhaps, or some kind of burrow — something that matched the douen’s short stature and would allow it to drag its prey to a safe, hidden place to be devoured.
In the kitchen, Dean finds Cas doing the dishes, and damn, if it isn’t one of the weirdest things he’s ever seen.  Cas is still not in his own clothes, instead wearing one of Sam’s blue flannel shirts with a hole in the elbow.  It’s too big for him and hangs off his frame like it’s melting around him.  He’s had to roll up the sleeves to keep them from getting wet in the sink.  A former angel doing the dishes.  Dean’s pretty sure there’s a punchline in there somewhere.
“He’s not here, Cas,” Jack says, as gently as is possible for a thing like him.  He pulls his knees up, looking incongruously like a child again.  “He’s in Heaven.”
The mermaid charges forward, coming at Castiel with wild precision.  He’s far from an experienced swordsman, and it’s pure reflex that makes him swing the cutlass up just as the mermaid’s teeth are half an arm’s length away.  There’s an unearthly howl and the thing recoils, writhing on the deck before he realizes that he actually managed to hit it.  A wound bubbles in its fleshy abdomen like he struck it with acid.
Cas snorts, glancing down at Dean for a moment.  “I think he’s catching up on twenty years of sleep deprivation.  He lasted until the battle of wits with the Sicilian.”
Part of Cas – a big part – considers killing himself quickly.  He’s human now, so it should be easy.  Humans are breakable and susceptible to any number of deaths.  His soul will go to Heaven where he’ll relive his best memories, and he knows he’ll be with Dean.
It’s a small thing in the beginning.  Dean is making dinner, slicing tomatoes for a burger topping, and the knife slips.  At the sound of Dean hissing in pain, Cas looks over from where he’s setting out plates on the counter and sees blood drip onto the cutting board under Dean’s hand.  It’s a little cut requiring no more than a Band-Aid, but Cas doesn’t even think before he reaches over, his fingers splayed over Dean’s hand in a gesture that’s pure instinct.
Maryann rises to her feet and shakes Sam’s hand, then Dean’s in turn.  “Absolutely I will, Agents.  You boys have a good afternoon.”
Eileen has to shout in order to make him look at her.  Her eyes are wide and threatening to spill over, but suddenly she’s the only thing tethering Cas to the ground.  “Castiel,” she says, forceful and soft all at once.  “Cas.  Listen to me.  We need to bring him outside.”  She places her palm on his shuddering chest, pleading.  “We need to get him home.  Can you help me?”
He’s slightly annoyed, but more than used to sharing sleeping quarters with a dozen other men, so he rolls over and tries to go back to sleep.
Castiel regards Dean in the dim light of the moon.  “You helped rescue two children.  That deserves praise, not punishment.”
“Dean?” Cas says, as gently as he can through his own terror.  He’s seen Dean startled awake for every possible reason; jerked out of a deep sleep by Jack shaking his shoulder, by Cas hovering hesitantly over him, by the noise of traffic pulling him out of a nap in the Impala’s front seat.  He’s seen Dean wake from nightmares countless times.
Dean hangs his head momentarily, raising his hands in a placating gesture.  “I’m sorry, I felt like I had to ask,” he backs down.  “I’m having a hard time wrapping my head around it is all.”
Cas can’t take his eyes off the baby’s face, but tears blur his vision.  “Really?” he asks, smiling as a tidal wave of joy surges up inside him.  The baby wraps his tiny,
“All right.”  Dean nods, actually feeling comfortable leaving their conversation open-ended for the time being.
Dean is quiet for a moment, and Castiel thinks he hears him clear his throat.  “Not so good,” he answers.  “We killed the thing, but we… we were too late.  By the time we got to the den, there was nothing but bones.”
The number of books in the bunker is well into the thousands, but only a very small fraction of them are novels.  Cas finds a worn copy of
The driveway winds upward until it stops just below an alpine cabin with a gabled roof and a large porch.  Dean brakes and the engine rumbles to a stop.  Sam slides out of the car, gazing up at the cabin and the snow-capped mountains in the distance beyond.
Without stopping to think, Castiel throws his sword through the air, hilt first.  It spins and lodges itself like a hatchet in the mermaid’s back, at the base of the dorsal fin.  The mermaid flips and thrashes with a screaming howl.  Garth seizes the hilt, yanks the cutlass out of the mermaid’s spine and drives it cleanly through the abdomen.
Everything goes quiet in Dean’s head, and he sets his cup down on the counter.  He’s been thinking too much, he decides.
Mr. Singer chuckles at that, but is apparently satisfied and retreats.  “He’s good,” he tells the captain.
Cas mulls this over.  A panic attack.  He wonders how normal that is for humans.  “I can’t heal myself,” he confesses, the scab on his neck prickling.
The upper edge of the hull that comes above the deck, forming essentially a rail around the deck and keeps water from washing onto the ship.
The sky is all blue and fading violet above Lebanon when Dean turns the Impala down the tunnel to the bunker’s garage and parks in the usual spot.  Loaded with a truly ludicrous number of shopping bags on each arm, they squeeze through the door to the bunker and dump everything onto the map table in the war room.
Dean pulls a business card from his wallet and hands it to Lilah.  “All right, well, you hear of anything, give us a call.”
Eyes watering, coughing smoke from his lungs, Castiel finally backs away from the den and stands beside Frank.  Dean returns to where the children are huddled by the tree, checks them over for any injuries, gives Jean-Luc a comforting pat on the head.
The captain is taking on two mermaids simultaneously, cutlass swinging in a flurry of expert movement.  Ruthlessly efficient, he doesn’t stop for even a breath.  He runs through one and beheads the other.
Castiel’s stomach churns.  He’d thought the aspidochelone and the mermaids were terrifying enough; somehow, a creature that passes through crowded towns and steals children in broad daylight is so much worse.
Cas knows that he’s been short with Sam and Eileen too, he does, but sometimes he can’t help it.  Asking whether he’s okay is a stupid question; he can’t always stop himself from snapping back.  It occurs to him a few times that he should apologize, but doesn’t know what good it will do if he just does the same thing again.  Instead, his solution is to start avoiding them.
A pair of hands appears from Cas’s right, and they seize the steering wheel and yank the Impala back across the yellow line.
In any case, Dean knows that if Jack dies, he won’t be able to cope with that loss.  Not along with everything else.  So he supposes it’s good that God is after them, because if it doesn’t work they’ll all die anyway.
The four black trash bags are still sitting on the sidewalk, untouched.  Cas tilts his head in surprise.
.  Alastair’s voice is sickly sweet, the squeal of a knife through bone, butterflies feeding on rotting meat.  Dean can barely hear the screams any more.
“Come on,” Dean beckons him back to his feet and leads the way up the steps.  Returning to the deck, Castiel has to squint as his eyes readjust to the sunlight.  Dean goes to the ship’s edge and drops the rind of his orange overboard, then leans on his elbows.  “It’ll take us a few days to reach Tortuga.  But once we’re there I can help you find another ship to run with.”
The people are of all different times too.  Fishermen and lobstermen buzz around the waterfront beneath a cloud of seagulls, and Congress Street is full of Somali immigrants and young art majors with colorful hair.  A man in a wheelchair sits at the corner of High Street and holds aloft a sign that says
“We’re getting breakfast,” Cas says, already up and rummaging through his duffel for pants and a shirt.  “I’m hungry, and I need eggs.”
Eileen speeds the entire way to Akron, so much so that Cas is worried the engine of the Valiant will give out.  But they make it, and they find Sam in the countryside miles outside the city.  He’s at an abandoned farm, in the dirt drive leading up to a huge decaying barn.  Cas leaps from the car before Eileen has even finished parking and runs to where Sam is sitting on the ground, leaning with his back on the passenger door of the Impala.
are the only one keeping me awake.  I give up.”  Its voice drops to a shaking, furious whisper.  “Like an infection, I will
“So,” Dean says through a bite of burger, “any ideas on how to track a vamp nest from a victim found in the ocean?”
Castiel huffs a breath and sits up, snatching his boots from Dean’s grip.  “Did I sleep late?” he asks, noticing for the first time that the rest of the hammocks are already empty.  His boots clunk on the floor as he shoves his feet into them.
Frank, a wild-eyed twitchy man with bristling gray sideburns, keeps the gun aimed directly at Dean’s nose.  “The hell do you want?”
Cas lays his free hand across the small of Dean’s back, abruptly cool against the searing heat of Dean’s skin.  And just like that, his fingers are gone and Dean groans, left empty and yearning.
“I’m Dean,” the man replies as he sets to untying the rope from around his own waist.  “Can you stand?”
“Cas, what are— Whoa, whoa,” Dean cuts his own question off and quickly crosses the floor to the sink.  “Hey.”
Another nod.  Sam agrees with her but can’t help turning slowly in place for a minute, grasping at the details of Cas’s living space as he left it.
“Yes.  But Officer Paradis is just doing his job, and he’s not wrong.”  Cas shakes his head, squaring his shoulders.  Sam and Eileen are halfway across the lot now, heading for the car, and Cas is grateful for the space.  He reaches for Dean’s hand, intertwines their fingers.  “What about you?  Are you feeling better since this morning?”
The Empty morphs again, and Dean suddenly appears where Claire had been standing a second ago.  Cas jerks backward a step in shock.
“They found a shed skin, Dean,” Sam counters.  “DNA testing said it was an anaconda, which can’t survive temperatures below fifty degrees.  The snake is dead; it was probably just some illegal black market pet that escaped.  And even if Wessie
Castiel glances around the vessel again, taking closer stock of the details of her — the sails, rigging, masts, cannons, anything else he can see.  She’s not so different from the
He turns, and in less than an instant feels his skin flush bright red, because Sam and Eileen are standing in the doorway.
This dangerous cocktail of spells is a Hail Mary, and Dean knows it, but he’s willing to try anything.  He begins collecting the ingredients for Sam.
Her heart knocks against her ribs, eyes wide and alert.  The four of them remain rigid and silent, machetes in hand, scanning the lot for the slightest glint of vampire fangs lurking in the shadows.  Dean, his hand twitching, all too eager to chop off a monster's head, steps forward slightly.
Rounding a corner beneath a precariously balanced scrap stack, a man leaps out of the darkness with yellow eyes and huge fangs bared.  Eileen puts a bullet in his head from four feet away, and the junkyard erupts into chaos.
It’s a moment without fanfare or revelation, perfectly ordinary.  And Dean doesn’t shift uncomfortably or glance at Sam, worried about how his brother might react.  He smiles into the kiss, for all its brevity, and when Cas pulls back Dean’s eyes linger on Cas’s face.
Dean’s eyes are closed, like he’s avoiding his own reflection in the mirror.  He doesn’t open them.  “Just a bad dream, Cas.  Humans have bad dreams.”
Dean swallows, turning his back to Castiel for a moment as he retrieves another orange from the crate behind him.  “The captain doesn’t want us talking about this stuff,” he says.
“Mom I saw once, at the Roadhouse,” Dean says, scratching idly behind his ear.  “Haven’t seen Dad since… since the Baozhu.”
His mother had told him stories, fair maidens as unearthly as they were beautiful, and Castiel had longed to see one since before he could remember.  In the orphanage years later, he’d stared out the windows watching the ships on the Thames, yearning to sail away with them until he’d finally run and found work on the
Wednesday was Netflix, but honestly he’d already exhausted most of the options that interested him, and one can only watch the
Lilah nods, gazing down at the card in her palm for a moment before tucking it into her back pocket.  “Sorry, were you going to order anything else?”
of giving up hunting, of moving out of the bunker, of creating a life in a place where if his child was afraid of the dark, he could plug in a night light instead of handing his child a gun.
Dean barely glances at the menu before ordering burgers for himself and Cas, while Eileen requests fish and chips.  Lilah whisks back behind the bar.
Dean tosses in bed, the sheets tangled around his legs.  He’s sure that Sam and Cas are both snoring away in their respective rooms, and he’s annoyed that he can’t seem to do the same.  There’s a lump in his pillow from the gun he keeps under it, bothering him for the first time.  He yanks the pistol out from under the pillow and shoves it into the end table drawer by his bed, then drops his head back down and closes his eyes and
“I’ll be right there,” Cas turns back toward the garden, speaking over his shoulder.  “I’m just going to put my tools away.”
Climbing up to the foredeck, he finds Dean sitting on the bowsprit, one leg hanging into the open air and the other propped up on the timber.  He’s leaning with his spine against the samson post, head tilted back, watching the stars.
Another torch appears through the trees, then a second, and a third.  Half a dozen men materialize from the woods, armed with torches and blades.  Patience had followed through on her word and sent the cavalry.
Castiel shifts restlessly, staring up at the back of the man who’s sleeping above him — Garth, as he’d introduced himself earlier.  Garth seems to be all limbs and very little muscle, and his arms hang down on either side like they’re made of nothing but rope.  His long legs hang, too, nearly giving Castiel the impression that he’s in a four-poster bed rather than a hammock with another man taking up more than his fair share of space.
“I’m sorry, Cas.  I mean, cassettes were outdated thirty years before Dean even made this for you.  I—”  Sam pauses, swallows.  “I don’t think we can replicate it.”
Castiel yanks the rope on the alarm bell hanging at the railing of the foredeck, and he sees Rufus’ silhouette immediately straighten at the helm.  The bell clangs again and again, resounding over the ship.  Dean is already running at full sprint for the cargo hold, shouting as he thunders down the steps below.
Lilah, who had presumably come over to take Sam’s order, is now standing there staring down at the police file.  Sam quickly moves to close it.
Dean’s hands are braced on the grimy carpet, chest heaving, eyes blown wide like he doesn’t quite know where he is or who he’s looking at.
He doesn’t reply honestly.  He doesn’t say that he’s overjoyed that Claire is making a good life for herself, or that seeing her is always hard because he knows what he took from her.  He doesn’t say that he doesn’t want to intrude on her time exploring independence and adulthood, or her time with Kaia.  He doesn’t say that he misses her.  Instead, he just nods and says, “Maybe.”
the powers he already has.  Jack is arguably the most powerful creature on the planet, but Dean’s not sure that’s enough to handle it, and he keeps imagining Jack burning up like an overloaded circuit.
Cas swallows, his cheeks flushing in embarrassment even in the moth-speckled light.  He lifts his hands, and Sam realizes for the first time that he’s holding something.
Everything has an edge.  The world itself, in all its vastness, still has a limit.  Only so much it can hold.  And just because the edge of the universe hasn’t been found yet, doesn’t mean there isn’t one.  So too will there be an edge to his grief, a limit to how much he can take.  Whether Cas will ever find that boundary where his grief ends, spinning away from him faster than he can catch up, he doesn’t know.
A small peninsula stretching out from the main island drops into the ocean as suddenly as a building collapsing, leaving only frothing white in its wake, and the anchor chain from the
Castiel blinks, then takes in his surroundings like he’s noticing where he is for the first time.  The moths swarming the porch light, the streetlamps along the quiet suburban street, Sam’s pajamas and bare feet.  “I…” Cas says in a heavy exhale, his shoulders falling.  “I’m so sorry, Sam.  I didn’t realize what time it was.”
A glimmer of hope surges in Dean’s stomach, but he tries desperately to tamp it down.  He can’t forget the risks, nor can he ignore all the reasons this plan may not work.  They want to give Jack Dreamwalker abilities, but Dean knows all too well that that kind of magic – even temporary magic – comes with a price.  Not to mention, Dreamwalking is meant for peering into other worlds, but the Empty
Frank nods, picking up his machete from the ground and strapping it back to his belt.  The den is still burning, but not enough to spread to the rest of the forest given the level of humidity.  The screams have petered away; if there’s anything inside the den that’s still alive, it won’t be for long.  And the longer they stay here, the longer it’ll take to get the children home.
Sam hands his machete to Eileen to hold for a moment and clamps his flashlight between his teeth.  Then he grabs hold of the handlebars and hoists himself up onto the back of the truck.  He braces himself against the freezing metal and, a few seconds later, twists over his shoulder to say, “There’s something here.”
Cas lets go of his wrists and deftly unbuckles Dean’s belt, tugging at the zipper.  And when his touch skims over Dean’s
Armed men pour up from the hold, swords glinting against the moonlight.  A dozen and a half men, Castiel included, and he has no idea if it will be enough.  Dean said there were more mermaids.  He did not say how
Cas reaches up and presses another kiss, quicker this time, to the corner of Dean’s mouth.  It’s enough to make Dean relax, his shoulders falling as the tension sweeps away.  “But maybe not here,” Cas adds, briefly squeezing Dean’s wrist before letting go.
Paradis swallows and scratches lightly at his temple.  “Honestly?  Not much,” he answers soberly.  “I mean, homeless folks… they’re drifters.  Much more like to have just gone to another town rather than actually disappeared.  It’s one thing if there’s a body, but…”  He clicks his tongue and shakes his head.  “Fact is, even if there
There wasn’t time to get Castiel new clothes, after he lost his grace.  They were immediately facing the next round of Chuck’s attacks, and dealing with Michael and Lucifer in the same room, and then their little family was reeling from Jack’s departure and adjusting to newfound
The mermaids are not from his mother’s stories.  Black eyes catch the moonlight in flickers, skin dark and iridescent.  Their faces are human, hairless, neither masculine nor feminine, and dorsal fins sprout from their spines.  Their jaws unhinge, mouths bristling with fangs like anglerfish.
