“Remember…”
A young man was in charge of the barbecue. Dean started an endless discussion with Mark about horses of a different kind. The mechanic in him had taken over.
It was a DVD/Blu-ray disk player.
Dean smiled back.
"Buddy ? " he repeats, in disbelief.
« Told ya… One size above would’ve been too large » Jo said to the brother.
« Screw you, Balty...that kitchen table just does fine, most of the time »
« Sit down, kids... » Castiel said as he put the pan on the trivet.
« NO! » Dean said loudly. « Get out of here… you’re blocking the view » he gently pushed the dog away.
« Hi Cass » he stood up, his eyes were shining.
He had a peculiar look and a strange way of moving his skinny body ; all this make him seem more friendly at first sight, except to Dean, who hadn’t really appreciated his sense of humor and sarcasm.
Castiel kept his eyes closed and Dean pursed his lips.
« Don’t, Dean... I need to be alone »
Castiel started to smile.
« No, Dean... let’s talk about this » she stepped closer again and grabbed his arm, forcing him to face her.
He hung up, lost in his thoughts for a few seconds and stood up, like an automaton...
There's no applause or attempts to approach. Even the other customers don't dare to say a word in front of reconciliation scene
His attitude left Dean standing there helpless.
"Hmm", Sam grumbles back without a glance.
« I hate the season’s holidays » Dean grumbled, as he put knives and forks on the table.
Dean rubbed his hands in anticipation and cut a slice of apple and raisin pie.
« So this is… Jewel… the prettiest one » he said, smiling to the little girl.
« Please, don’t overdo it... All of you… you’re just a bunch of uneducated jerks » he crossed his arms and pouted.
She let out a long sigh, looking helpless. Castiel couldn’t help but smile. Dean was watching him.
« Are you sure you’re ok, Dad ? » his son was having fun.
Dean hesitated... Why not, after all? He had a crap private life so far... Helen was right, he had to think a little more of himself and at that moment, he was just lusting after that guy with his angelic smile and his eyes that burnt more brightly than the flames of Hell.
They were chatting. Dean didn’t even try to understand what they were talking about. All he was watching was in front of his eyes, Castiel and his children....
« I want the old Castiel to come back to us… I want him back » the boy cried, holding tight against Dean’s chest.
Castiel lowered his eyes.
Dean turned around, looked at his car one more time and walked inside the club.
" What an oaf ! " Castiel let out a heavy sigh and grabbed his own sled, followed by Chadwick and the dog, happily chasing each other.
" It's called ... Pussies» Dean dropped, amazed.
« The soup of the day, a piece of pie … and another hot chocolate » Castiel asked
"Hello, Dean," says a trembling voice, full of emotion.
They stared at each other for a long while.
« Let me finish my beer. I’ll be there in a minute. Start the oven… if you still know how to do that… » he said with a big smile.
He looked at the garden and then up.
" Don’t tempt me, Dean Winchester " he leaned forward and kissed with passionately. " Don’t tempt me " he said again, heading to the bathroom.
"Really?", in a suddenly softer voice.
At first, he had worried, there was no denying there. He had started to show the need for solitude after his mother’s death, yet Dean soon realized it was also in his son’s nature. He had friends and a happy life. Ty had become an ideal friend and Lindsay had become his first love, the one that turns you into a complete teenage idiot.
" Hey " he smiled, his face looked tired after the night they had shared.
The ball split in two and fell on the ground under the dazed expression of the children and Castiel.
« You used to be straight, right ? » Dean avoided to look at the man.
Jo called to invite them to come and choose the pup… They were all extremely nervous… Chadwick and Jewel were unable to remain calm for a second.
"We were six, Dean. ", eyes down on the bench.
« Please let me finish, will you ? So, I’ve been doing a lot of thinking after the dance lesson episode… »
« Likewise » Castiel answered, leaning on the car door.
« I’m gonna die laughing » he raised his camera, ready to shoot. His eyes were filled with tears.
"I was starving ... you Brontosaurus ", he stood up. "I'm off ... I 'm exhausted and it’s my turn to drive the children to school tomorrow " he stretched his arms.
"Okay, okay ... No need to scream, I'm not deaf, and lower the tone, will you ... you'll wake up the kids”
He startled and almost spilled the content of his mug.
« I hope that one day » Garth didn’t finish his sentence ; Castiel knew what he’d meant.
« I wish things would be different »
Dean held back a sad smile. As he poured the pasta in a colander, he peeked at the snowman that seemed to taunt him.
« Don’t call me « Sir » » Castiel answered as he withdrew his hand which Garth was still holding.
« What ? » he asked the children staring at him.
On the contrary, Jewel liked her a lot and besides, Madame Fournier had the reputation to be an excellent teacher.
Bloody Thursday ! Dean was ranting. Lisa was gone. She had left him to marinate in his doubts...
You stepped back and you smiled at me almost embarrassed to have dared ... You put your hand on my cheek as an excuse and I never felt so free and stupid at the same time
They are fists that hurt and hands that heal.
He wouldn’t have felt so pathetic and feeling like crying. He was indeed looking for excuses to avoid the way he felt. He tried to imagine them both in the same bed, recalling all what he had talked about with Balty… He could never cross that border.
« I’m sorry » as she was aware of her mistake.
« You sure? ».Dean asked
« I don’t care… It felt so great » he dismounted and patted the horse neck.
“Soon, you’ll no longer have an angel at your side.” The child whispered as she was brought into the ambulance, faking a pained look.
« 5 dollars » They turned around and were surprised to see Jewel standing in front of them, extending her hand toward her brother.
« Will you be ready to hear that I may not be able to go any further ? Because I can’t stand the idea of losing you, you know that, right? »
Standing before them, Castiel and Apache. By their side, a young stag entangled in the tensioner.
Balty frowned.
" Cass ? " he called in a sleepy voice.
« I know… and I’m glad you’re a part of it »
So Castiel was gone and Dean had done nothing to hold him back.
"I like funfairs" confesses Castiel, eating his own.
« No, the Boss just told me he’s in love with a guy and that took me by surprise » they stopped laughing.
" I know, Dean, but this is… wrong " he softly stroke the picture with the tip of his thumbs.
« So am I »
" So, I can’t make it tomorrow, school meeting… I’ll have to cope with Laetitia’s awful sandwiches, but I consider it a lesser evil compared to the 3-hour Xmas post exam follow-up " she sighed.
“You don’t have a car?”
Dean looked at them as they walked away.
" Forget it, Dean " he waved his hand at him.
«At last ! » was all he could say, shivering and coughing all at once.
« Sweet dreams » he whispered, with a tender smile.
"And that old man's fuck you," Bobby's echoes with his grumpy voice.
« As you say! »
“Is it because I told you I loved you?”
Dean came closer to the bed, his hands on Jewel’s shoulders, guiding her. The backrest of Castiel’s bed had been raised a little more. Castiel smiled to the little girl.
They had spent a week-end in the open, just the three of them. Jewel had remained with Jo as she was too young at the time.
« What’s the matter, Son. You know you can tell me... »
The dog was barking and hopping around the two men.
In the meantime, the children were sitting on the carpet with their back leaning against the couch, staring at the television. As each year, they were traditionally watching Capra’s « It’s a Wonderful Life », which was their mother’s favorite movie.
« Feels good, why ? » Castiel snapped at once. « You should go home...You’re inebriated »
"Are you coming with us, Balty? " she said as she grabbed Castiel’s hand.
« That’s what’s love is all about, Dean »
« Gimme a break and don’t you look at me as if I put some poison in there… It shouldn’t taste any worse than Jo’s pudding » he felt a bit offended as he put the pie on the coffee table.
" Guys !" calls a enthusiastic Sam.
" Cass ? " he called in a deep tone.
An hour later, Karen, his kindergarten teacher, arrives and finds him chilled to the bone. At his feet, a small bag containing his toast box and his milk carton. He hasn't moved an inch since his mother left.
« Everything’s fine. You can go home now. Tell Jo I’m gonna spend the night here. »
He saw his friend’s body jolt several times then Dean sat and grabbed his hat.
« Cass... »
Castiel was working as a computer specialist. Thus, he managed to reorganize his working time and work from home on minor projects... Greg came every other day, or set up video conferences. No matter what, since the aggression, he was feeling guilty.
« Give me a hug and your most beautiful smile » Castiel couldn’t help but smile, looking at the empty space the lost tooth had left the day before.
« Oh fuck » Dean yelled in turn, laughing and fighting with his scarf.
Madame Fournier had frozen, her clumsiness making her feel suddenly very uncomfortable. She had forgotten that her father had notified it when he had registered his daughter to the dance class.
Chadwick looked at Castiel and smiled. He was about to confess Castiel had helped him but the latter gave him a « don’t say anything » look.
« Ok » the young boy complied without arguing.
A rustle of wings. Dean can't stop smiling, but that smile stops at his lips and doesn't reach his eyes.
« You’re such a jerk... you know that? » he knocked his shoulder and smiled.
« Othello ? »
It’d been about a week since Balty had introduced Zeke to Castiel.
« Yes? »
He turned on one side, with his back to the other and fell asleep, cradled by the quiet breathing of the man next to him, with a hand on his hip, letting him decide if he wanted to fill the gap between them or not.
« You go first» Their eyes met, there was brief silence. All had been said.
The courage that is lacking despite the need to confess everything to his younger brother.
"You don't have to accept or even stick to us seven days a week.... If you want to, you can..." Dean immediately adds.
"Nowhere sweetie ... C’mon, let’s go and see the next one»
Dean straightened, his hair all messed up, grabbed his son and pulled him on the bed. Chadwick laughed as his father started to tickle him.
« It looks like a picture. Quite impressive »
Then he hangs his fist up, horrified by what he's just done.
Sam's throwing himself into his arms.
The door on the first floor opened.
Dean sighed… He turned when the front door opened and heard voices, Jewel, out of breath, she must have been talking nonstop during the trip and Chadwick who was trying in vain to get in his say so…
« What ? » He felt a bit irritated.
Tessa was very traditionalist as far as Season’s Holidays were concerned. Dean had a tendency to forget, on purpose, so that he wouldn’t have to remember she was gone, but life had decided to put exceptional people on his path, people who wouldn’t replace the missing ones, but were just filling the empty space.
“I said fuck off! I don’t want to forget… Never!” He pushed her back violently and ahead for the exit. Everything swayed around him… And that smell wouldn’t leave him… He felt as if death clung to his very skin.
He pulled his phone out of his pocket and typed a message.
« If anything happens, we’ll come and inform you right away » she replied with a smile.
« Are you out of your mind ? » Dean replied, feeling a little outraged.
Then they went home: Balty was waiting for them, comfortably installed in the couch.
Half slumped on his bed reading yet another comic book dedicated to Batman, Dean takes a curious look at his alarm clock.
« Nothing… I’ve already got everything I need » he said, looking at each of them.
They spent the rest of the evening watching « Tarzan, the Ape Man » and nobody complained about it.
They had sat at the bar in the back of the conference room… And, as always, the conversation had diverted on his ordinary family… Madison, leaning on the counter, head resting on her palm, was all ears… while staring at Castiel’s eyes which she found extraordinary and more expressful than his words. She was all smiles.
« When do we eat? » she raised an eyebrow
That night, Castiel was getting ready to go out like almost every last Wednesday of the month. He put on his trench coat and cast a last glance at the mirror, trying in vain to arrange his tousled hair, and smiled... He liked those evenings. He needed them... They were a breath of fresh air.
Chadwick stood up and granted his father a nasty look.
Dean stretched and yawned.
« Dean ... are you all right ? » the one on his mind interrupted his reflexion.
“And?” Castiel asked, wondering why Dean was telling him all this as if it was a problem.
Hours went by, as coffee and cakes were shared. And then the doorbell rang.
« I gave you more than one, Dean, and you didn’t even notice. The only thing that counts for you is this family, YOUR family, this out-of-ordinary family where I’ll never belong »
Castiel put the candies away in a big bowl. Then, he sat down, stretched his legs and put his hat on the table.
« Of course not...» he said, raising an eyebrow, pretending to be offended.
« He can never love you but I can, Castiel »
« Why don’t you help me set the table instead of crying over your car » Bobby sighed.
Castiel nodded.
« Cassie went horse-riding for more than two years… anyway, it’s not as if he had... »
« I am »
« I guess it has something to do with that surprise he talked about » Dean replied, pouring himself a mug of coffee.
The morning after.
"Hey Cass. "
He won't do anything to defend Castiel. Dean will always choose his family and his father over his own happiness.
"Cass ", Deans's thinking of him, rolling his bottle between his fingers to keep his hands busy, if not his mind . His brain messed up and his heart in pieces.
« Nothing. You don’t have to say a word, I can see it in your eyes.»
« Jo » his eyes filled with tears. « I… I didn’t mean to… » he extended a shaking hand to her lip. She stepped back and banged against the table behind her.
Since Sam trapped them under the mistletoe.
Each time, his absence was painful, yet it never was as much as this time.
« Yes, I did » Bryan finally confessed, pulling up one leg against his chest, looking at his lover with tenderness.
"It was different back then, Dean… you had just lost Tessa."
" Too what? " Dean raised an eyebrow, he wasn’t familiar with that reference.
Castiel let Balty love him and when he reached his own climax, something broke down deep inside, he didn’t scream, he just allowed one tear run down his face.
“I’m not calling you about that,” he cut him off.
« How was it ? Did you like it ? » she asked, addressing to the camera.
They all started to laugh.
« Hey, that’s unfair ! » Dean was outraged and turned to Garth.
« It’s disgusting » Chedwick shouted, swimming away from her sister.
"Your wings are beautiful, you know, even if they are all broken "
« We’re all waiting for you, man »
« Talk to him »
Dean drank the rest of his beer.
" You're done ? " Dean finally lets go with a hushed voice.
Castiel grabbed her hand and squeezed it.
She covered him with a blanket and sat down next to him, with a Stephen King’s novel in her hands.
« Oh » Zeke seemed surprised.
« Tell me if you need me, Son. »
« Ready for a little winter walk ? » The dog jumped on his feet at once.
« Yes, I know. Castiel told me. There is a buget… »
« Tell me again » Castiel begged in a whisper. « Tell me again, please »
Dean stood up and walked to her. He opened the door and saw Jo and Chadwick standing behind her… Dean held his daughter real tight against him as he looked at his son. He smiled. His son smiled a sad little smile back.
He smiles, touched by this angel who hasn't taken his eyes off this manuscript written in an ancient language which he reads as if it were God himself who was the author.
« Dean »
« Since he got back »
He had visited this kind of place for ages, since he had met Lisa.
« Dean? » Jo insisted.
" What ? Am I right or am I right? " she went on, stealing a lump of sugar. " I’d love to know how many times you screamed Dean's name when reaching your climax " she pointed an accusing finger at him.
« C’mon… I made your favorite French toasts » he said, patting him on the shoulder. « How do you get along with Bryan ? » he casually inquired as they headed for the kitchen.
« That he loves me ? » she was all smiles
"Yes Dad " she took the quarters her father gave her and ran away real fast.
Castiel stopped and with a subtle wrist movement, he made his horse turn to face Dean’s.
He approach and put a beer down in front of him.
« Kids, I’d like to ask you a favor » he started, putting down his empty coffee cup on the table.
« Why don’t you invite him too ? I’m dying to meet the guy »
The smell of death clung to him.
They entered the ground floor main room ; it was quite impressive and the ceiling was almost at roof level.
He let the putrid gases and disgusting smell drift out and finally leaned in…
"Your place is here with me ... With us ... We've never been as strong as the three of us...Team Free Will, remember? One ex-blood junkie, one dropout with 6 bucks to his name and Mr. Comatose" trying to regain his composure by taking that Dean Winchester-like bravado that didn't suit him so well after his confessions.
« De...an » Castiel’s eyes were imploring, he tried to take a deep breath, wincing out of pain, and closed his eyes again.
« Ahahahah... Very funny » Dean made a face.
« He’s been my friend for so long… He’s a part of my family, he‘s the pillar of it. What if it goes wrong and I lose everything ?»
"Dean", the John cuts, dry.
He climbed the fence, sit astride and whistled ... Mark showed up with a beautiful black and white Paint horse.
« No... You look like you are… scared » Chadwick was standing just a few steps away.
« A beer, man… You know, a beverage with bubbles and foam»
« Watch me » he trotted ahead of them.
« Yeah, right... Chad, try them on first. »
« You changed from Edward to Nosferatu? »
Dean tightened his embrace, deeply touched by his son’s revelation.
« Why does it always happen to me? » he closed his eyes and rested his head on the back. « Why didn’t he wear a 34B, as expected, moron? » he let out a deep sigh...
Dean stepped forward to Castiel, he was all smiles. Castiel went down the last step and looked down.
“Really?”
" Dean " the hoarse voice called. " Dean ? " he felt a hand take his. He looked at their hands without reacting at first. Then he understood.
« Is that so ? »
« SIT DOWN! » Castiel ordered him, frowning.
« Have you already fantasized about him ? » Balty asked, regaining his serious composure.
« A painter ? » he made a face. « Don’t tell me he paints this modern stuff with multicolor spots » he suddenly recalled the modern art exhibition they had visited. Thanks Balty!
« It’s not funny »
« Don’t pay attention, Castiel. »
His throat tightened, it hurt so much he was unable to breathe. He squeezed the bottle in his hands to keep himself from collapsing there, forehead against the bar… The bar on which he wanted to bang his head against until it exploded.
The latter raised his head, surprised by the tone in Dean’s voice.
« Yet you have gone out twice this week… That conference on Monday and now Othello» Dean couldn’t help but phrasing the obvious.
Jo couldn’t help but smile.
He sat at the bar without a word.
He pressed the shovel in with his boot and flung aside the first mound of dirt… He dug without thinking, like an automaton, sweat ran done his back… He straightened up… Everything was going too fast… He slowed down, he was now below ground level, hip deep in this hole and only a few centimeters from him.
At the first Motel, he parked, Sam still hadn’t said anything… He hadn’t even been surprised that Dean had not headed towards the outside of town to bury or burn the body.
« Hey, gimme a break, will ya? » Dean was really upset, his t-shirt was sticky because of the sweat. The sun had reached its zenith, the temperature had reached about 90°F.
« Thanks » Chadwick smiled back and this got some pressure off his chest.
« You’ve got no chance with him. NONE. He doesn’t give a damn about your ass... » Zeke was now shouting.
« And the young man over there with his eyes stuck on his PSP screen is Chadwick » Dean looked at his son with angry eyes.
"It's a Semitic language Dean ... Reading is always done from right to left", angel's hoarse voice murmuring in his ear.
« Sorry, I had a last minute class meeting, I had to fight tooth and nail to prevent them from expelling one of my students » she finally sat down.
Because Castiel, he, he’d had the time to admit his love.
His son stands near the kitchen doorway, with Castiel to his right and his damn blue eyes that seem to pierce John's soul.
« Well, not that sort of shoe » she replied as she make out the misunderstanding. « I don’t mind talking about sex with you, nothing will shock me, I swear» Her eyes were shining.
« See, Dad ? » Jewel screamed.
And of Castiel, pushing his Stetson up his forehead, his face getting extremely close to his own.
Castiel became a full member of the family… He shared their birthdays, holidays and family dinners… Sometimes even their vacations.
wwwwwwwwwwwwwww
« Really.... You see, it’s never too late to find a suitable match. Besides, you gotta admit this goddam Balty tried a lot of combinations in the past » he smiled with tenderness.
" I needed to tell about us… I had to say it. I’m sorry, Dean "
"It's crowded in here ... There's no way I’m gonna be seen hopping like an idiot in front of all these pimply prepubescent geeks."
“Goddamit, Cass ... what’s with you? I don’t understand" he said, feeling truly lost.
“You’re a real pain when you wanna be, Dean.”
Dean started to laugh.
His brother reappears with a pack of beers in his hand.
He smiled a sad smile.
He sighed and let Lisa do the massage, he felt his muscles slowly relax.
« You pick one, Jewel, and I get to name him, OK? »
There was a moment of silence between during which Castiel seemed to understand who he really was today and that Dean was remaining by his side, just for him.
« I’ve been working for this. » the boy replied, his chest puffing out with pride.
Dean smiled.
« I beg your pardon? » Balty asked, with his eyes wide open.
“I’ll never leave you… I never did, Dean… I love you.” He gently pulled them apart to look into Dean’s face. “Don’t hate me ever again.” He begged with his eyes.
Nothing could destroy his family…. It was an extraordinary one.
« What about you, Sir. What are you dressed as ? » she asked, observing Castiel with a doubtful expression.
The tears started to flow, silently, although he tried to wipe them away, cursing himself for being weak... He knew it was hopeless… Yet, he had hoped anyway… knowing it was irrational.
« Castiel! » Chadwick shouted.
« Who would’ve thought? » He nodded his head gently. « Now that I have acknowledged this » he looked through the window, « How am I supposed to tell you? I’m not good with words and I must admit, I’m scared to death... »
« Forget it » Dean snapped.
Apache trotted away, with the stick in his mouth and started to gnaw it, still observing them all.
Castiel ends up sliding the tip of his tongue over the lips of his human and Dean steps back to kiss him again.
« What Dean ?... To know that I love you, is that it? » his eyes were shining. « Anyway, it won’t make any difference in your life or in mine, right ? »
His son held out his flashlight.
«Your turn » as he handed her the bowl with the egg-cream melange she had prepared a few minutes earlier.
« Take it easy, sweetheart. We’ve got a bit of time. The stranger over here… » she said pointing at Castiel « ... isn’t done yet with his lamentations »
« As you wish, Babe » Though Balty’s voice was filled with anxiety.
Balty had been offered invitations for a temporary exhibition on the theme of emotions in contemporary art. He had mentioned it to Castiel who immediately jumped on the opportunity.
The tree decoration was a bit unorthodox and messy but the children were so happy and proud that they didn’t notice their father’s dubious look.
Dean doesn't answer and releases his hand.
Sitting in front of his coffee mug, he started to laugh, feeling heartbroken.
She leaned forward and kissed him on the forehead.
"Hello, Dean," with that smile that lights up his life.
« Promise » She said, reaching out to her father.
Castiel couldn’t refrain from smiling. He stood up, walked to the sink and put down his empty coffee cup.
« Let’s go… I swear I won’t be tricked in front of my kids… The honor of John Wayne is at stake » he adjusted his hat that had almost flown away during the mad gallop.
« One day, you’ll have to tell him, ya know » Garth straightened up.
Castiel let Dean lead the kissing game.
« I just realized that there is a life after death » Dean simply stated.
« You’ve got hands, right ? Besides, I’m the one who brought the wine»
Balty’s expression turned cold. He took his cup and sat down, unable to speak another word.
« What are you waiting for ? The pie won’t cut itself » Bobby grumbled, pushing up his cap.
I would like to apologyze. As you can see, the publication of this fic has been suspended.
He explained how the branding was performed, showing them the little forge next to the shed...
He served everyone in silence.
Dean had tried for years to encourage Castiel to give it away, but the latter always refused. The sleeves edges were worn and the collar had lost its original color long ago. Yet Castiel didn’t want to part with it.
Castiel turned to Dean and planted a quick kiss on hi slips. Dean felt his cheeks turn to red as he wasn’t used to demonstration of tenderness in public; he was feeling uncomfortable and was waddling where he was.
Dean felt his body tighten, his back arched violently as he came with his eyes closed in the hand of his lover who gently lavished some more tender strokes with the tips of his fingers while kissing his last moans away.
The only thing that changed was their place at the table. Dean was now sitting at Castiel’s right, where Balty used to sit.
« I’m all right… Go on doing what you were up to » he said, moving a few steps away, trying to act casual.
" I think they will both lose " he folded his arms on his chest, staring at the top of the hill.
« Anything like what? Falling in love ?»
One hour of sweat and rage, letting out the anger and the pain, as well as all that frustration eating him from the inside. Everything could be so much easier if his body was accepting what his mind was dictating him.
He saw the sad smile on his face.
« I’ll take care of everything tonight… Go and sit in the couch, you’ll be more comfortable, no? »
« Do I have time to get changed ? »
Castiel passes between the two brothers and enters the elder brother's bedroom.
« He screamed that there was a monster in his room…A monster… that’s a joke! »
« I wanna give you a hug » Jewel stared at him with big loving eyes.
Dean remained silent as Balty was looking at him with amused eyes.
" About Madison " Castiel went on in a low voice.
Chadwick disappeared in the kitchen, leaving Zeke standing alone in the middle of the living room.
Chadwick started the video. The moment Dean saw Castiel, his heart skipped a beat and it hurt. Jo probably felt it when she took his hand and gently squeezed it. Nevertheless, he couldn’t help but laugh with the others as they were watching the scene. But his own laughter was filled with tenderness as the others were making fun of him.
" What’s the occasion ? "
« Yeah, I know, life is terribly unfair » Dean pouted too, it made his daughter laugh.
« I love you, Dean Winchester...but I can’t compete with a man who’s lived with you for more than ten years»
" I could rape you in your sleep" the other man said with a big laugh.
« Follow me » Dean friendly pushed him.
« Are we going to gallop ?» Jewel was a bit worried.
« The old hag will bite the dust one day » Bobby whispered.
"Bobby," as the old man comes closer to give him a hug.
He turned around, switched on the oven and set the plate at low level.
« It is good ? »
Claw machines : " Money hole " launches Dean.
Breakfast went on as if nothing happened: they talked about the day’s projects. Jewel intended to spend the whole afternoon with Tessa... She had so much to tell her, she announced, without giving any more details...
“Sorry?” Castiel asked, tilted a bit confused.
« Where are you, dammit? » she mumbled for herself as she left the room. « Bobby...Have you seen Dean? »
« Keep looking at me »
The rest of the week stretched on at the same rhythm. Nothing had changed, not even the dog’s walk schedule.
Sam slides down the door.
She carried a torch for Castiel and for a long time thought she could change his orientation… To her grand disappointment, she had to make do with being friend rather than his lover.
"No," she escaped her father’s grip. "I wanna see the kitties ? " She was staring at the painting.
« Sit down and take some time to think.... try to imagine your life without him»
Then there were some footsteps and Chadwick showed up in the door frame.
He wasn’t made for fatherhood and had never expressed any desires for it… But he adored Jewel and Chadwick.
Dean couldn’t help but smile.
« Hello sweetie. » he said in a faint whisper. His eye wasn’t swollen anymore and his face looked almost normal.
He wanted Castiel to let go of the remaining obstacles… regain full control of his life as it was before the aggression… What better way than to face what had put an end to five years of a relationship that never really existed?
« He’s teaching English literature. Actually, he will be teaching soon… Right now, he’s preparing his thesis»
Sam rushes into it.
The door opened and Castiel looked at him, arms crossed on his chest, gently nodding his head.
« Lisa, please... Could we talk about something else ?» he obviously sounded irritated.
" Nothing. Forget it " he felt a bit disappointed by the turn of events.
« What are you gonna do? »
"Get out of my way. ", trying to get around him.
« Drag what, Uncle Bobby? » Jewel asked as she joined them in the kitchen.
As a result, when Jewel handed him Tessa’s cooking book, he suddenly felt sheepish.
« APACHE NO ! » Dean shouted. Too late though.
Dean felt the distress weighing on his friend’s shoulders.
When one morning, he found Balty dressed in only a pair of bright fuchsia boxers surrounding by the kids who were laughing hysterically, while he cooked breakfast, acting like a dandy for laughs, he told himself that after all, hearing his children laugh was well worth a little bit of rule bending...
« One more to go! »
Chadwick and Jewel grabbed his arms and pushed him towards the mat.
End of chapter
Dean remained silent for a while.
He saw the boy close his book and smile to Castiel who returned the smile. One nod and Chadwick understood he was free to go. Castiel concentrated then on Jewel’s poem. She was having a hard time, although Castiel had the patience of a saint.
Dean stepped in, looking a bit sullen.
He turns around. Dean stands a few feet away from him with a confused look on his face, Lisa's hand in his.
« These are called verrines, you ignorant» he raised his eyes.
Nathan had died far from him, far from everything... In a nameless desert which was of no interest to Castiel until that fateful day.... For many, Iraq had become an almost forgotten war but for those who still had family there, for those who had lost there a brother, a sister, a son, a daughter, a wife, a husband, a friend or, like Castiel, a lover, his love... It was just the painful memory of the loss. It was nearly three years now that Rachel, Nathan’s mother, had called him in tears...
Chadwick had dressed as Hawkeye, Jewel as Black Widow... Dean had chosen Iron man.
" Let’s go" he shouted.
« C’mon, we need a shower » Castiel said, helping him up and kissing him without warning.
They say animals feel their master’s pain and despair. At this precise moment, the dog seemed to try and calm down Dean’s.
« Really ? » Castiel seemed doubtful.
The cinnamon flavor came up and Castiel started to wonder whether the quantity he’d used was appropriate.
Castiel never drank hot chocolate.
Then he put Dean’s one on with a long sigh. However, if Castiel was gifted in accomplishing so many things, he surely hadn’t any talent for cooking.
« It’s a real pleasure to meet you » she said, extending a hand.
An arm on a naked chest, a face nestled in a neck.
Castiel nibbled his lower lip.
He turned around after hesitating for a few seconds, trying to maintain some sort of arrogance while he was standing there, feeling like an open book with torn pages.
“What about you? Anything to tell me?” Dean asked as the waiter walked away.
« YEEHAW!» her father shouted when she reached the finishing line.
He pulls out a chair and sits in front of the angel. He takes his hands and brings them back to him. Castiel doesn't flinch and let's him doing.
« Coming. Gimme two minutes… »
Chadwick got 2 games for his console as well as Avengers pj’s from his father. Jewel got several coloring books and drawings pads as well as a color pen set of 100 assorted, a Jungle Book puzzle but most of all an interactive plush electronic puppy which made her jump to the ceiling.
" I’m gonna wake up the kids " Cass announced, as he left him alone in the kitchen.
It was hot… Hot and mucky at that, it had been like this for days and it was starting to get on his nerves… Sam was sitting silent next to him… Starring at the house for hours…
She saw the dark circles around his eyes… these eyes which she presently found rather expressionless, to say the least.
« It’s the feeling of caressing fingers on the skin, electrifying and arousing desire. The kisses softly raining down the chest and linger on the sensitive spots » he explained, pointing at Dean’s nipples. «...and travel down until they capture the object of desire, and claim its warmth »
« Great! » she smiled.
« He went back to bed » Jo replied.
« Why ? » Dean asked, surprised he didn’t even asked.
« Given their state, you could say that » Dean replied, putting one of the three suitcases on the ground.
Chadwick came back from the walk with the dog and made a face when he heard the crying tone of his sister.
" Dean... They KNOW " he said, leaning on the table, chin in his palm, staring at him. Yet Dean didn’t seem to get it yet.
Chadwick sat on the floor and played with Apache while Jewel displayed the candies on the kitchen table and started to sort them.
Dean hesitated then finally replied to his friend’s smile.
Dean looked at him and smiled.
" They have everything they need… That’s nice of you to ask. The dessert will be just fine "
« Why are you being so aggressive ? » Balty pretended to be offended. “ I just wanted to offer you the opportunity to have the time of your life… to help you… » He sighed
« Dean » he said, almost out of breath, out of words to express how he was feeling. He brushed his lips with his thumb and captured his breath. He felt Dean’s hands leave his hips and slowly travel up to the back of his neck, his thumbs caressing his throat, softly, at the rhythm of a kiss filled with communion of souls.
They all turned around and observed the man standing in front of them: he was wearing a complete Buffalo Bill outfit.
« YOU ! » he said pointing at Castiel who suddenly stopped laughing.
They all had gathered around the kitchen table. They had laughed, a lot.
« I don’t find this amusing, Dean » Castiel’s face now looked panicked.
“I would have been thrilled if...” He turned away and put the bottle on the kitchen’s work surface.
« Why should I? » the boy answered back, looking at a cyclist passing them.
« Sir, Yes, Sir ! » Dean sprung to attention.
« Sorry, that’s not what I meant »
« Consider yourself lucky. I’m stuck here until 10 p.m.» Greg complained, raising his eyes.
"Benny ? "
« There’s no denying there… You really have a way with the kids...» Dean said as he walked closer.
Castiel curled up on himself like a child. Dean took off his boots and pulled a blanket up to his waist.
« And probably appeased these sexual fantasies all by yourself, am I right ? »
« What are you up to again? » Bryan raised and leaned on one elbow. He looked worried.
« Holy shit… I’ll die laughing here» Dean’s eyes were filled with tears.
" What are you talking about ? " he kneeled at his feet." Cass...Tessa’s dead... We are alive. "
« I guess Wink will do just fine »
Someone sneezed behind their back. Apache tried to get rid of some spider web sticking on his nose.
« It’s one of our oldest branding irons » he said, pushing his hat back...
Castiel was rather proud of his accomplishment.
« KO bullshit » Dean whispered. Chadwick immediately rushed to his sister to congratulate her.
End of chapter
Bryan heaved a sigh and leaned back on the pillow, closing his eyes and nibbling his lip.
Castiel refused to look up. He felt Jewel’s little hand grab his. I squeezed it too.
He saw the efforts Castiel was making not to crack up, keep some sort of dignity and remain silent.
« Yes, please… I’m almost done, I’ll be right there »
" Did you sleep well ? " Castiel timidly asked, his hand sliding on his chest.
They were still wearing their bathing suits… so was their father.
whispered in the hollow of an ear.
« OK » she smiled back.
“We’ll start with a house aperitif, if it’s ok with you, guys?” Ash asked, glancing at them. They nodded in silence.
« The guy... Lucky, I don’t know » he stared at his bottle, waiting for a reaction that never came.
The little girl’s eyes started to sparkle.
« Mr Winchester ? »
He had stared at her with empty eyes… My angel… she hadn’t called him that for a long time.
Although during all these years they had seen his love for Tessa in his eyes and gestures, they had never seen him kiss her in public or show more intimate token of affection openly... He kept it all very private...
Sam runs his hands through his hair and sighs. He'd just lost it. He was waiting for the turmoil
Since Mary's death a few years earlier, John is hardly present for his children.
Castiel was on the « Trick or Treat ? » fatigue duty.
« Assbutt. »
« I should have broken a leg the day I offered her that stuff… The sound of it is so…... »
« I love you, Dean Winchester » he immediately stepped back, leaving Dean wordless.
"Dean ... I’ve known him for almost 7 years ... He was never disrespectful ... He's more a friend than a lover to me ... He does what he wants, we always lived this way ... It’s a common agreement "
"He never told you about it? " Sam goes on.
« Would you be ready to make that effort for me ? And try to love me ? » Castiel asked.
He set aside a part of it in his piggy bank and smiled. He had seen a splendid book at the librarian’s but then, he hesitated. He had enough money to buy the “beauty” he had seen in this shop window. As he needed a piece of advice, he spontaneously revert to Castiel.
"I guess these two buldges are supposed to represent the breasts and this…” pointing a wire "A man's sex"
« Hi Uncle Bobby » Chadwick said as he sat down at the table.
“Fuck off.”
« Excuse me? »
(See the end of the chapter for
« What? The same as... » He called to witness the other three behind and innocently took a sip of his drink.
The cost of care, funeral fees and the loss of a salary left Dean struggling to make ends meet.
« C’mon on, all of you! » Chad called.
"She ... She's not you " Dean stammers.
His mother, the austere Naomi Novak, came to drop him off, like a bulky parcel, in front of the school gates, refusing to accompany him any further. She thinks that he's old enough to take care of himself.
Garth started to laugh, though without any trace of irony this time.
" More than ever " Castiel replied, planting a last kiss in his neck.
« Pneuno...what ? » Dean seemed to be lost
"Hello, Dean," he answers with a cold voice.
“We’re gonna bury near the border.”
Castiel handed the bags to the kids and they all went out of the shop, followed by the amused smiles of several clients.
PFLAG UK
" I wouldn’t mind " Dean finally said in all seriousness.
Putting his cup on the coffee table, he sat with his legs to his chest on the small sofa, grey marl pyjamas and bare feet... His eyes fell on a photograph on the television...
"Leave me alone," Castiel begs him, trying to get out of his grip.
“Ok. Something has definitely happened,” Balty confirmed, laughing. “Have you seen that hottie? Dammit! You hit the jackpot on this one,” he said, nudging Castiel.
« You know… since… since the aggression… I’ve been feeling this… fear… it’s irrational… But I’m afraid to lose you as I lost Tessa » he turned to look at the fireplace again.
"Dean…"
« Dunno.... I feel like a kid again in here and I don’t give a damn » He disappeared in the back shop.
« What the Hell are you waiting for ? A formal invitation? » He looked daggers at Mark.
Dean froze under the touch and wanted to coil up in his hand.
Then there were water fights, swimming races that Chadwick won every time, a volley ball match with the ball Castiel took a while to inflate and which Apache destroyed less than an hour later. The sound of the explosion in his mouth scared him so much that he ran away and found refuge, all wet and muddy, in Castiel’s tent.
« Thanks »
« Go to hell! » he pushed Wink away, yet the horse kept begging for more.
Since the night of the aggression on Castiel, Dean had to admit he was looking at his friend in a different way.
They promised to come back more often....
“Bobby? There’s no need to worry about tonight... I’ll be there... I-“
« You’re welcome » Dean whispered with a tender smile, a hand resting on the back of his neck. « I wanted you to know… I wanted all of them to know.... » He tenderly pushed him away. « I know it’s complicated between us but… I love you, Cass, and I don’t want to hide it anymore » he let the palm of his hand on Castiel’s cheek.
« I may be 11 only, but I... »
« Okay, I’m starving too. There, happy ? »
« You must first put these on… It’s just a precaution » she said as she handed him paper gown and slippers.
The mother finally left and Castiel walked closer to the dance teacher.
John reaches out and slips his fingertips over the photos, memories of a past life. He lingers nostalgically on Mary's.
" Yeah, I do… And you usually think a lot less, most of the time " he freed himself from Dean’s hold.
Dean walked in at that precise moment.
" You got it! "
Chadwick gave Apache a big hug and followed his father.
He was feeling more alone within these walls than he had ever felt.
« Well well well… and what art is he good at... Porn star? »
He had come home late in the afternoon, serving the excuse he had spent the day with old class mates, even though it was just a lie...
In Hell, souls come asunder but the light remains.
And without you, I'm empty, i'm already dead.
« Hello Lisa » he looked surprised and stepped aside to let her in.
Dean smiled when she looked at him.
« I’m sorry to tell you this but if I had a friend acting like he does, I would have understood a long time ago that something’s going on »
“I know that but... I’d just like you to think of yourself sometimes... To go out, meet people... Fall in love...”
"Dean!" Castiel glanced at him, silently encouraging him to lower the tone... He came closer, shaking the book under his nose.
« Which one? » he asked with an absent smile.
« Yes ? »
« Yes, Castiel’s home » Dean answered, insisting on the first name...
Dinner was a pleasant moment when each told about their Christmas experience.
" What about you get your little gay ass to the shower and let me take care of your Japanese conundrum, huh ?" Kevin snapped back, yet cautiously.
« I wish I could go back in time and erase that damn kiss. Everything was so easy before »
Dean felt a heavy lump in his throat and the tears coming. He painfully raised, trying not to intrude.
« Yes» he nodded.
« I don’t wanna talk about it »
"That’s it." Dean smiled, feeling satisfied, persuaded to be the reason for this change ... It wasn’t totally false but most of all Castiel was ready for any sacrifice not to lose his family ... No to mention Dean.
« You should be careful. Usually old people are the ones talking to themselves»
The main door banged. Chadwick and his father startled.
« Aren’t you? » he asked Castiel who kept staring at the lake.
The nurse smiled and guided Dean in the corridors. Bobby looked at him until the elevator doors closed in on them.
« Why now? So quickly »
« He’s gonna love this… I’ve been babbling about this uptight gay couple »
« A good father? He rejected you, Cass! … He threw you away like garbage. Moreover, he’ll never know what he lost. »
Castiel never resented Benny and, surprisingly, since that day, they have grown considerably closer. Dean didn't like that. Meg didn't miss an opportunity to insinuate that he was just jealous, to which Dean replied, hurtfully, that he already had his unicorn, hugging Lisa against him.
The angel keeps it frozen on his bloody hand.
Since his discussion with Kate, he found it even more difficult to sleep well. No need to add more stress and talk about his emotional doubts.
« He’s a painter »
« These kids… I swear to God » he went upstairs to Castiel’s room.
Dean was inevitably putting an end to the game with his favorite closing remark « This game is really stupid », which had become his cult phrase.
“Yes, that’s it, we were about to leave,” Castiel repeated, his eyes meeting Dean’s again.
They buried him near the border… Dean refused all other solutions, persuaded deep inside himself that he would return, not caring about what Erael had said or his brother’s certitudes.
« Sure. Don’t worry. I’ll take care of her. »
Enjoy
The very idea of being in a relationship with a man was repulsive to him. It wasn’t homophobia. He knew that. It was just physical.
They had to pause several time before reaching their final destination. One lacked the exercise, the other one was wounded.
When his son was born, he cried of joy, even if he had tried not to show his emotions.
Castiel put the wooden plank in the sink while Jewel put the dough on the table. It requested some effort and the tip of her tongue was stuck between her teeth.
He caught her and lifted her up and held her tight. Jewel nested her face in his neck.
« I’d say… not more than 35» she frowned as she stared at him.
"Oh damnit .... I'm so sorry", hand on his neck. "Stay ", kissing the crook of his neck, furtively. " Stay "
He knew the reason for his friend’s solitude… He accepted it… He joked about it on occasion but never at his expense.
« That’s a great idea, Sweetie. »
“That’s normal...”
Castiel almost tripped several times but Dean’s hand was firm.
« It was great. Jo recorded the whole thing, so you won’t miss any of it.» he smiled with a gentle pat on the arm.
Dean and Chadwick had been waiting for almost 15 minutes when Castiel finally arrived, with a lot of stuff in his arms, Jewel tagging along.
« Howdy » Jewel said in a shy voice.
“Hi Dean... His name is Castiel. We need to talk... Gaby.”
He looked down; he had buried a part of Dean along with Castiel.
« No problem… You can count on me, and on Bobby too.»
His eyes claimed : This is good.
The car had been defying him all morning. He hadn’t taken a lunch break and wasn’t ready to give up just yet. It was out of the question that this car was to resist him, at any cost.
Chadwick’s expression was hardened ; although he was very impatient to see Castiel, he had a hard time letting go of his fear… He hated hospitals, they had stolen his mom and now, he feared they would take away Castiel as well.
“It’s what he told you that’s bothering you isn’t it? Dean, it’s been more than four months now… Is this why you refuse to be left alone with him?”
« C’mon... I’ll buy you a drink. On second thought, you’ll buy me a drink » she said, holding the door for him.
Dean was petrified.
What if...
He didn’t reply.
" Dean? Kids ? "
" THAT often. That’s encouraging " she laughed even more.
« I was 25 when I made love with a man for the first time. I knew the bodies of women by heart and I’d never been attracted to a man before. I never asked myself that question, for that matter, I had a rather balanced and blooming sexual life. And then, one day, our eyes met, his name was Richard, he was 10 years older than me and was a hundred percent gay. I found it difficult at first to cope with the fact I was attracted to him but then I finally took the leap. It was such a shock to discover I was enjoying this. I entrusted our relation to him. He knew his was my first male lover » He saw Dean’s shoulders drop heavily.
"I see", Sam notes. " Coffee ? ", on the way to the kitchen.
" I guess I told you already, but anyway, one never says it quite enough to the ones who matter in your life" she leaned towards him. " I love you, Castiel Novak. If you weren’t gay and if I wasn’t married to the genuine stunner fireman on this planet, I’d marry you " she said, getting up half way and quickly pressing her lips on his chapped mouth.
Dean is startled when the bottle explodes. He watches the liquid spill on the table and Castiel's blood mixes with the amber.
« No, listen Kevin, I know but we’re overworked right now, man... » he said, rubbing the back of his neck. « Hmmm...Yeah… I’ll call him, I’m sure he’ll give us a hand.... »
« Sir.... I’ve heard about you and your family for so long » he took off his gloves and shook hands with him.
« I gotta go» Chadwick abruptly said before closing the door on him.
« My poor love. You’ve been so blind » she tenderly patted his face. « Farewell, Dean... »
They decided to sit at the terrace of an indoor tavern.
I hope this will not stop you from coming back in a few weeks to read the last chapters of this story.
Tongues are tasted and smiles are sketched out.
He felt is phone vibrate, having turned off the volume… He pulled it out… He looked at the message, expression blank, absent… Sam…
"Where is this guy from… the Planet Mars? Have you ever seen such a shitty sunset? "
Chadwick and Jewel were walking side by side, both fascinated and a bit frightened despite the fact that Mark was following at a distance.
« Chad… Look…We are baking Dad a pie for tomorrow » she claimed as she jumped from the chair and ran to her brother.
Madison, as a silent witness, a woman who had supported Castiel when he thought all was lost… the one who, somehow, had saved them both.
« It’s not even worth of an Italian swords-and-sandals B-movie» he added holding his nose.
Dean looked up.
« Yeah? »
Dean stopped near Garth.
Castiel blushed.
Tonight, he would fantasize again his desires.
" Why not ? We owe him at least that... After all, if he has nothing left, it's still a bit our fault, don't you think! " Sam reminds, sarcastically, as he gets up to fixe another coffee.
« Cool.... Thanks, Pa’»
« I want him. »
Castiel, his arms folded on his chest, waited down the hill, Apache sitting at his feet.
« It’s perfect » Dean jumped on the other side of the fence, adjusted his Stetson and proudly walked towards the animal....
Castiel smiled and sat down. Dean had prepared a sandwich in a hurry and displayed two beers.
"OK, let’s go" Dean searched the pile of clothes for him and Chadwick, and pulled out a faded Jean and a black turtleneck sweater.
There was a feeling of joy and at the same time fresh anticipation of the stress this would obviously generate.
Hair as messy as usual, amused blue eyes and this eternal gentle smile on his lips.
As a matter of fact, Castiel wasn’t that uncommunicating, but he never took the time to get to know people very well. Chadwick was waiting for him to pick him up too.
« You should talk to someone, Cass… I mean a specialist… someone who could help you coping with all this »
« He asked me to make a choice. And I did. He threw me out of his house when I was seventeen. We never spoke again. I was visiting my mother when he was away. If it weren’t for Tessa, I would have let me drifting away »
Dean was leaning on the door frame and refrained from laughing as he listened to his employees before he turned back in his office to take care of the paperwork.
« Pa’ ? »
Dean smiled at her.
« Zeke... Let me introduce you to the rest of the family»
Balty frowned and wondered where Dean was heading at.
Happy Easter
« Eight years... And it hasn’t got to your brains yet ? Dean isn’t ready to cross that line… providing he loves Castiel. The bare fact that he’s a man represents an impassable obstacle for him… So yes, I’m ready to admit that there might be… no that there IS » he corrected « something more than just friendship between the guys. Yet not everybody is capable of moving forward as you did… especially if the idealized memory of his wife is still so vivid in his mind »
The crowd eventually dispersed ... Dean searched in vain for the one who’d insulted them... But he was gone.
Sam watches them come out of the Impala. He walks to them with a determined step.
« Inias, sweet angel, would you please answer this simple question... »
They returned in the middle of the afternoon. The children spent the rest of the day splashing around in the pool. Dean fell asleep in the deckchair.
« Do you seriously think what you’ve just said? » Castiel was staring in front of him, but there was a revived sparkle in his eyes.
« Bryan invited me to travel on the Pacific Coast Highway with him... I’m not sure we’ll see a lot of it, but anyway… I’ve always dreamed of seeing it, so I jumped at the opportunity… No pun intended » he added at once, as he saw Dean’s angry look.
« You’ll always be my angelito » she used to repeat over and over, in her chanting accent.
« Dean ! » he shouted, wide-eyed, nodding at the children.
« It should be the same as a coffee spoon, don’t you think?…. » he mimicked.
« You can really taste the cinnamon in there. » Bobby said.
« They look awesome »
See you soon
« Dean... » Bobby insisted.
« Hello, who are you? » Castiel asked as he took off his hat, staring at the unknown guy in front of him.
« Honestly, Pumpkin, I don’t need anything » he confirmed, swallowing a big chunk of pancake.
« She is so beautiful» she was in awe.
Balty kissed him tenderly.
He slaps himself in the face for having such thoughts.
It was the case but not the way Castiel thought it was… Dean was rejecting his desire not the angel turned man, but that, Castiel didn’t understand… Despaired by the situation, he had ended up shouting out love and Dean had thrown him out.
They weren’t in the adult present thing as they considered Christmas was mostly dedicated for the children, but they like to find something nice to offer anyway.
He grabbed his leather jacket and stormed out of the door.
The man who seemed to walk at a snail’s pace handed the reins and walked away with the pony.
The rest of the day ran smoothly. Jewel disappeared after lunch, dressed up in three layers of sweaters… Tessa was waiting for her.
« I didn’t tell you anything because there was no reason for me to tell you »
« Please, don’t start again with this » Dean warned. « Damn draught... I didn’t end up half naked outside by choice or for pleasure, OK ? » he moved towards the cooker.
« Told you, Lisa, I’m dead tired» his tone was filled with irritation.
« May I be excused too? » Jewel asked in turn, swallowing rapidly.
« But you are a family member, Cass... Who said otherwise, goddamit? » Dean was really pissed. « Can’t this bitch make an exception? »
Dean watched him speak with Bobby yet he didn’t try to interfere.
Even shrouded in darkness his soul was still his light.
« I am with my whole family... But Cass... With Cass it’s different. So don’t hurt him if you value your pretty face, OK?... I’d rather not offer you a nose job, you seem like a nice guy » he said, stretching his arms and standing up.
" Not really " Dean answered, trying not to laugh at the irony of his situation.
« No, I’m not... If I wasn’t interested in your opinion, I wouldn’t have talked about it » he said, pushing away his empty plate. « It’s just that it’s… » he took a deep breath in « ...complicated »
" I’d love to see you take the initiative next time. But don’t make me wait for too long "
"I'm in love with you. ", Castiel adds without taking his eyes off him.
« I’ll go fetch the plates and a knife. »
Thank you for reading me... in the shade or in the light
« ‘Nite, Cass »
"Have fun, Balty ... Take care of yourself .."
« Are you aware that this movie has been nominated the worst one of all times » Lisa pointed out.
Jewel was singing all through the meal the song she had learned at school. Chadwick was talking about his History class and the Egyptian gods.
Reluctantly, they eventually parted in search of air.
He smiled for himself, his business was going well, what more could he wish for. He had no intention of growing a larger business. Frank and Kevin were perfect for the job, he was running the affair in a smooth way, he had built a regular customers network and had some occasional ones. He considered himself lucky as several businesses around had closesd their doors, now that the large automobile firms had their own after sales department and offered the same sservices at a cheaper price.
Castiel would be back the next day and he felt so anxious that he had lost his appetite.
“Why do you hate me, Dean?” Castiel sat on the bed.
« Thank you ». That’s all Dean felt able to tell him.
He leaned forward.
" I... " he smiled at this simple truth. " I love you, Cass "
« It’s not true. » Dean snapped, staring at her wide-eyes to make her stop.
« How about building a snowman this afternoon ? » Castiel casually proposed, head down, feeling almost uncomfortable.
« I’m aware of that and it scared me because I can’t imagine my life without him but at the same time, I don’t feel ready to take the plunge for that reason only, you know what I mean ? »
«You’d do that for your little sister ? » Suddenly, there was a big smile on her face.
Karen is back, as promised, and puts a mug with Winnie's face in front of him. He takes a long look at the contents of the mug before raising his huge blue eyes at her. He tilts his head to the side, perplexed.
« Chad » Castiel raised his chin with gentleness « Nothing’s changed...»
They didn’t look at him, too concentrated on the happy moment...
"Shut up," John stops him. "I owe you an apology... I was selfish and unworthy of the admiration I saw in your eyes... I never told you this, but I was proud of you then and I'm proud of you now. "...as John laid his hand on his cheek's son. "You have become a good man despite my mistakes, and that's only because of you...and thanks to them too", he adds, offering them a smile of gratitude to which they all respond. "Your mother would be so proud of you, son," he whispers with tears in his eyes. "And so mad at me, ", he inspires to give himself courage."I've denied the best part of you... I made you believe,i don't even know how, that you don't deserve to be happy... That only your brother and i mattered to you... And you sacrificed everything for us because of this stupid idea that only your family matters... An old man I know once told me that family is more than just blood. "
« Yeah » the other one said, blushing a little. « We’ll do that… He’s eager to meet you too » Balty smiled again.
Dean was leaning on a Toyota engine.
Dean raised his eyes. Megan and John, her husband, were standing in front of them, as well as Marissa.
« Because there’s nothing to say » Castiel answered in his low voice.
“Five minutes drive.”
« Dean is scared of dogs.» Jo revealed while putting her plate back on the table.
« You should get some rest from time to time, you know » she said, grabbing the bowl and putting it on the table. « You look terrible »
« Jewel ! » Dean reprimanded.
He grabbed Castiel’s legs and gently swung them trying not to wake him up.
" Dean… " Castiel went on." Do you know what it’d mean ? Are you sure that’s what you want ? "
« What about me ? » Jewel started to whine as she thought all the boots in the shops would be too big for her.
The latter started to laugh and nodded to Bryan.
“We’re gonna introduce you to your companions for the week... I’m usually quite good at designating who’s gonna ride each horse but I prefer to make sure they’re the right ones for each of you before proceeding further"
« Yeah, maybe, somehow, but not enough to go to him »
« If you had asked me that a week ago, I would have laughed at you or I would have smashed your face, your choice… » he laughed but his expression was nothing but happy « ...But now... » .
Her son, that man he had been in love with for five years, was dead... Victim of an enemy fire... A life erased in one sweep... Two lives actually, because his had been swept away at the same time. Victim of human stupidity, Castiel wanted to shout...
Dinner was served indoor in front of the chimney. The room was bathing in an orange glow flowing from the fireplace and warming all the guests’ silhouettes in a particular way. Dean drank more than usual.
« Lili is extremely obedient. She’s so adorable and she loves kids. »
Once supper was finished, they went back to doing their own things.
« What, that Dad is in love with Castiel? » Jewel innocently asked, instinctively holding her brother tight.
The next fear had been to hear Castiel refuse the task, despite his obvious bond with the children. Dean was their father; yet would Castiel be able to raise them by himself ?
« That you love him, you jerk ! »
Dean felt the heat reaching his face.
« Madi...I’m quite serious »
"Seriously, Cass ' Dean smiled.
" WHAT ? " He couldn’t help but raising his voice ...
While she pushed her medical care cart along, she saw a small group of visitors coming her way : a woman and two children. She recognized on the boy’s face the features of his father.
« I haven’t said anything ».
"My ass! Have you seen the size of that shadow?... And how the tent started to move? I’d say it was a bear " his father replied.
"Where is Balty ? "
“That’s a good thing, because I think I love you too,” he said, giving him a soft kiss on the lips.
End of chapter.
Lisa had no idea about the reason why and she ended up believing it was just because Dean was living with a homosexual. Yet when speaking of Castiel with his employees at the garage, the tone of his voice was absolutely normal.
Holidays that Dean has been ignoring for years.
« Don’t want to » Dean grumbled.
"But ..." Castiel mumbles.
End of chapter XIV
«The fox » he replied, leaning over and planting a tender kiss on his lips.
Dean eventually sat on the trunk with a big sigh, looking miserable. Hands on his knees. Bundled up on himself.
Dean found a comfortable position in the armchair.
« Dammit! » Dean grumbled, walking away.
Dean ran to the room… He was there, standing in front of the door, he must have knocked and waited for someone to answer.
As soon as he sat in the armchair, Jewel gave up her pencils and books and climbed on his lap.
« He once booked holidays for us at Lake Placid… He wanted to apologize for our last dispute... He offered me a mare… He knew I wanted to leave and he knew I loved horses… He knew perfectly how to trap me… I receded… Once again. I wanted so much to believe that we could make it work. I was so wrong. He finally had it off with the riding teacher » He started to laugh, which broke Dean’s heart. It was a laughter full of despair and disenchantment.
« Are you up to it ? »
« Mr Winchester, we’ve done all we can do. That’s part of the normal healing process.»
Jewel was playing with the dog, throwing a wooden stick in the lake. Apache ran till the bank, hesitated for a brief moment and then jumped in the water.
« I did. But Santa is gonna reimburse me when he comes to Bobby’s » he replied very seriously, glancing at his father.
Dean looked at Castiel.
« ‘Cause Castiel would certainly prefer a box of chocolates » he replied with a wink.
"I'll always be there for you"
« And the winners by knockout are… Jewel and Castiel! » Mark proclaimed.
He paused for a little while: words were not his strongest point, especially on an occasion like this one.
« Chad ? » Dean stood up immediately.
« Let’s order a strawberry milkshake » Dean was all smiles.
« Mark !» Castiel warned him even before the other one said a word.
« LET ME GO » Zeke turned around. He was furious.
He had hardly opened the door when Lisa was about to ring.
« Shit ! » Dean mumbled, still unable to cope with this.
« Cass ? »
His father had noticed their little eye-game and looked at the young girl who was probably the same age as his son. He found her pretty.
He was disconnected, white-faced, his lips almost white as if the blood had left his body.
« Yes » he admitted with a bit of resentment. « I screwed up, Jo »
« Asshole! » He stood up. « We’ll go on Sunday, then »
« I did notice he was a bit...»
« Since the beginning, Cass »
He was obviously all dressed up, which raised some suspicion in Dean’s mind.
He went upstairs and Dean started to put order in the room. He let the dog out in the garden for a quick walk.
« All right, but you’re not nice.» she pouted, heading back to the fitting room.
« I don’t care if you borrow my shirts, Dean, but I’d appreciate if you could put them in the laundry basket from time to time, OK ?» he unfolded his arms.
« What is it ? » Balty said, pulling away from Castiel who felt embarrassed too.
« It was not my intention to hurt him in any way »
Dean sees the twitch on Castiel's lip at those simple words.
Castiel’s only answer was a kiss. A burning kiss, one that consumed them. Dean took advantage to free the captive member. Castiel tried to suppress a cry of anticipation.
Bobby kneeled in front of her and took her by the shoulders.
He drank up his cup... As long as he was asking himself this kind of questions, it meant he wasn’t ready yet.
"Shut up, Pa'", Dean mumbles, trying to push his father away.
The children weren’t very excited about it. Nevertheless, when Balty proposed to accompany them, they accepted with enthusiasm. ... They were going to have so much fun.
On an impulse, without looking for a reason, without hesitation, because he was dying to do it, because he wanted to show what he couldn’t say, he grabbed his face in his hands and, before Castiel could react, he pressed his lips against his.
« But... »
« You want a beer ? »
He lifted Jewel from the ground and planted two loud kisses on her cheeks.
« I suppose not but between fantasy and reality… »
« You bet » he looked down, his lips stretching in a smile. « Teachers always had that effect on me »
He discreetly looked at the empty glass Bobby couldn’t help adding every time for the last ten years.
“I’m not feeling good... Brad’s gonna take care of the table service and I’m going home,” he mumbled.
« They told me the same thing about my wife too » Dean replied, looking down.
He planted a quick kiss on Castiel’s temple and ran out of the car to avoid the embarrassment his token of affection had generated.
Chadwick nodded.
He slides his tumb to the angel's lips.
« We miss you, Cass… I miss you. »
Castiel felt the emotion rising in his heart as he watched her painstakingly working on their common project.
« Two days at Disneyland » he confirmed, looking at Jo.
His phone suddenly started to ring, his expression turned serious all of a sudden, yet Jo saw that little sparkle in his eyes. That was from HIM.
He only fell ill at ease with her.
« Enjoy your evening, nerds » he said with a touch of bitter irony.
That fear to see his son being jugded and hunted like Castiel was. Pointing the finger at him like a pariah.
« How did the kids react ? »
That revelation brought a smile on his face ; realizing that absence was painful, that being with him was good, that nobody else but him was important.
« I can see that »
Chadwick and Jewel turned and looked at him. Castiel standing in front of the final product, with flour and butter on his nose… the table full of everything, their dad’s apron stained with flour.
Now there's nothing left...
« As each year… Yeah, me too… OK, I’ll tell them » he said, trying not to laugh.
They spent the late afternoon strolling ... They even bought some sweets for Chadwick and his father and a dress for Jewel .
“Remember, he gets just as warm as we do now.”
He raises his head and crosses the blue eyes which fix him with concern.
They’d had two dates before that one… with the most honorable intentions... The first time they went out, on Monday evening, he had been invited at the last minute at a literary conference on Steinbeck, animated by Zeke and his thesis Tutor… He had experienced the most boring evening ever yet he had met a young woman full of humor, who saved the day. Madison was teaching English at the Ford High School. She had scattered caustic remarks during the whole conference and as a consequence they had been expelled from the conference room, meanwhile an old dandy.
"Why did you run off like that the other day," Dean asks.
The fact that he had slapped her in the face was an obvious evidence pain was eating him from inside and he was unable to cope with what had fallen on him.
"Oh, shit! " Ash says stuned. "Where the hell is our Castiel? What the hell is this? ", standing to the right of Dean.
« Why what? » Dean didn’t know where Castiel was getting at.
« I’m so glad you’re back» the boy said, running in his arms.
« You know what ? I’m gonna mix some in the cream… »
Jewel rushed in before Castiel even had the time to reply.
« Because the idea of the two of us may be complicated but it’s for real and it will always be »
« So am I » Dean shut the trunk. « C’mon, boy » he whistled Apache that had relieved himself against a tree.
The silence that grew between Bobby and Jo, lost in their thoughts, was suddenly broken when the children rushed in, fighting over who would have access to the shower first.
« Dean » Bobby shouted, somewhat furious
« If you want, I can show you my beautiful body right now » he said as he started to undress and get rid of his shoes, launching them across the room.
« Dammit ! I don’t believe this » he put his forearm on his eyes and let out a long sigh out of spite. He couldn’t get back to sleep after that.
It ended all with a pitched battle with decoration sprays. Apache was hopping and skipping from one kid to the other.
« Get out of my way » Dean was firing anger with his eyes.
He felt a pressure on his thigh and saw Apache’s eyes staring at him.
« Daddy, over there !»
Or just an insuperable excuse...
« Zeke ? »
" All I can do is make you suffer " the latter said, his fingers softly brushing Castiel’s lips. He turned around and leaned on the counter. " Why do you keep hoping for more? " his voice almost broke up with emotion.
« Oh yes it was » Dean insisted.
One snap. Castiel turned around. He was all smiles.
She straightened with pride.
« May we come in? » Jewel, in a blue pajama, was twisting her feet and hands, the dog sitting by her side, staring at her father, bare-chested, Castiel standing at his right.
For a short while, the only sound filling the room was Jewel’s snorting.
“Not tonight... OUT! And I don’t want to see you again before you get to know his name.”
Dean finally pulls away breathlessly but refuses to let go...Not this time... Never again...
« Dean...Did you plan anything on Wednesday night? » he started out during breakfast.
Chadwick looked down.
Chadwick stared at the painting a long while. His face started to light up
« Here, I’ll help you »
« Hey, look who loves a good peep show ? » Balty stared at Dean.
Don't blame her already, she'll have a role to play in the evolution of the relationship between Dean and Castiel.
« Why do say that ? Do I usually look that miserable » he sneered.
Castiel was genuinely happy. In the end, that was all Dean was asking for.
Cracked ribs, split eyebrow, cut lip, black eye, bruises all over his body... Blows from belts and swifts, of which he still keeps scars with strange shapes.
« You don’t seem to mind talking about Balty for that matter » she replied, crossing her arms, on the defensive.
« Really ? » he tried to sound good-humored.
« Good night, Dean »
"Best friend for life," Dean repeats. "...and more, if you wish... "he adds, mockingly wiping his cheeks.
Today, I can not do without your lips on mine. Without you by my side.
« He loves you. Don’t ruin this because of your macho prejudice... There’s nothing wrong to love a man… There’s nothing wrong to love someone, whatever the gender. It’s the most beautiful token of trust to give one’s body to the other. It’s the greatest proof of love to give oneself to the other »
Dean put on a pair of jeans and a T-shirt... Just before getting out of his room, he looked at himself in the wardrobe’s mirror, thinking of what had happened the day before and which hadn’t left his mind.
« Dean » Balty called when he reached the door.
« Yeah, sure, go ahead, run away » she raised her glass to salute his escape.
« Yes, I am » Castiel looked pouty and not ready to give up.
Dean felt a big wave of tenderness fill his heart and he started to smile. The little girl believed Castiel had seen her dance and that he could see her right now; he couldn’t tell her she was wrong.
« Dammit, Cass… If you only knew… To hear them like that is a real torture for me » he laughed, although he was feeling extremely nervous.
« I’ll join you when I’m done with this. »
If Lisa was to live with them in this house, she wouldn’t be a new Tessa, nor a new mother, but simply a feminine presence… She had confessed she loved kids and she wanted to have some.
" You’re feeling ill-at-ease.... especially with me " his tone was now soft. " You’re always sure of yourself, the most balanced one between us, at least" he said, rubbing the back of his neck.
He's startled when chair legs creak to his right. He turns around. Facing him is a boy, about the same age as him, staring at him with curiosity. His face is studded with freckles and his green eyes sparkle with mischief.
« Wink ? »
« Chad » he turned to the boy and they smiled to each other after a brief hug.
So these two weeks every year were a kind of redemption, his own gift to his mother.
« Goddammit, Babe, it’s so obvious.... Why are you doing this to yourself ? » he was a bit dismayed.
"You can't do this," he whispers as Castiel steps forward.
« Nothing that serious. He slapped one of his teachers » she waved at the waiter.
« I.. » he looked down. « As you wish » he finally granted.
Jewel’s part was taking place at the beginning of the show. Jo was filming while Chadwick was staring at a young dancer waiting for her turn, practicing her points, concentrating on her next performance.
Castiel felt too much apprehension to try it first.
« Stop complaining, you’re gonna love it »
« It’s not the same »
« I wasn’t that scared » she claimed, straightening up with pride.
« Cass... You need to move outa here because I’m gonna prepare supper. » His voice sounded a bit irritated.
This photo had been Jo’s idea. Dean loved it. The children pose had been spontaneous, Jo had nothing to do with it. And that meant everything.
« You’re such a jerk! » he hit him with his hat. « You scared the hell out of me, you idiot! »
« How come each time we meet, the conversation revolves around this subject? » Dean started to laugh.
« What about these, young lady... »
He patted Castiel on his shoulder.
« Yet, if you’re here, it means you need it » Matt said with a wry smile. « Today’s your lucky day, Kate’s on duty » he added with a wink, holding the door wide open.
« It wasn’t amusing » Castiel mumbled.
They ordered pizzas as Dean was too tired after a hard week’s work and wanted to keep meals preparation as simple as possible.
« It’s difficult » she complained, the tip of her tongue sticking out her teeth.
«Good pants and good boots and that’s it.»
The evening was a bit tarnished by that stroke of bad luck. But Gaby wasn’t crazy, he had seen what had happened and he certainly didn’t want to call it quits... Castiel deserved to have his chance... He had already suffered enough. It couldn’t end that way, one could trust Gabriel Mercier...
“Cass?” The latter looked up and tilted his head, staring at him with a skeptical look... That’s when Dean knew for sure... He knew he had just fallen in love with a man.
« You’re right » he replied with tenderness.
His expression was more a scowl than a smile....that lousy catchphrase ! He stepped aside to let her in.
“Well… We can move on to something else and get the hell outta here… Mexico, it’s over for me.”
"Farewell, Castiel," he answers in a hoarse voice, accepting the outstretched hand.
They drove the rest of the way home in silence…Jewel’s head was leaning against the window…Castiel was holding the wheel real tight…
She waved at him as she put her files away.
Jewel desperately hung around the neck of his father who was not that proud either. Chadwick, sitting on the ground was grumbling, with his head buried in his hands.
The front door opened and the children rushed in the living room, greeted by Apache that ran from one to the other.
The Mercedes stops in front of the school. The back door opens and Castiel gets out.
Apache was awarded a short walk and then watched Dean preparing to leave, sitting in the middle of the living room.
« And it all came to you, all of a sudden ? Oh, by the way, I’m in love with my old buddy Cass»
" Apparently, it isn’t ... Obviously, they gotta think the sun shines out their asses. Okay, starting tomorrow, I’ll crush cars and proclaim myself an modern artist. I’ll surely make more money than repairing engines and changing the oil".
He goes to the back of the classroom near the toy's boxe, takes off his raincoat and puts it on the back of his chair. Karen keeps her eyes on him while she greets her noisy students.
« I… I had… I forgot my helmet » the young boy stammered.
« OK, kids, we’ll talk about this later… For now, go pack your things, you’re gonna be late for your dance class »
« Ba...Balty » Castiel’s face lightened as he saw his former lover walking towards him.
« I beg your pardon? » Castiel seemed to shrink a little on his seat.
“Cas?” He smiled amidst new tears, “Tell me I’m not dreaming?”
“Who are you?” Her accent was thick. “Leave me alone!”
Dean stared daggers at him.
Dean had listened to her all the way. She smiled.
« You need to spread it on all the edges »
« I love you » Dean said. He put a protective hand on his head and let it slide down to his cheek.
" Most of the time, but this isn’t what I want with you "
« Look at the Snow Queen in the big carriage »
Dean parked the car in front of the house but hesitated a long while before stepping out.
« Hi Son »
The end
Lisa was fighting a ghost of flesh and blood in addition to another one from the past… The fight had been lopsided truncated… From the very beginning. Yet she wanted to believe she could make it, despite Dean’s doubts, because these doubts were also what she loved in Dean.
Castiel was at one with Cheyenne. The children were screaming at the top of their lungs. So was Dean. Castiel was in his element.
« Believe me, I’d had preferred to avoid this but… my life is complicated enough » he turned the cup in his hands, looking at the bottom of it… lost in his thoughts.
Castiel tried to deepen the kiss, Dean responded without giving it second thoughts... It was the taste of the other which awakened all senses.
Dean and Castiel trotted side by side in silence.
Chadwick inserted the first movie in the DVD reader.
Dean turned around and faced his friend, digging out the second eye of his masterpiece.
“Love at first sight, I guess,” Dean gently laughed.
« Wow…Classy ! » the boy claimed when he saw Castiel, dressed in a skin-tight jean and a black sweater that brought out the color of his eyes.
Chadwick looked at Balty in a strange way. Balty smiled that wry smile, with a twinkle in his eye.
He won so easily that all of them gave him an ovation when he reached the fence.
"Likewise, Balty told me so much about you," Jonas replied as he shook his hand .
Jewel interrupted him, handing him her drink.
Maybe tomorrow
"Happy New Year, Sammy", drink in.
« I wanted to refuse the obvious, I’m sorry Kate » he leaned over the sink, turned on the tap and washed his hands.
He patted Castiel’s knee.
Her brother was always uncomfortable showing his feelings, the very reason why Tessa fell for him at their first date.
«You did great, pumpkin » he helped her down the horse as Mark was bringing Light back to the second paddock.
Dean had been cursing for more than half an hour. Why had he ended up agreeing to this?
“Let them have a cat”
« TRAITOR ! » Dean shouted back, trying in vain to get rid of the spider web glued all over his fingers and hair.
« Supper’s ready »
Dean looks at the boots going away. They are soon replaced by two black polished shoes and the edge of a coat that he would recognize between a thousand.
« Morning Pumpkin » he took her in his arms and held her tight.
The only information they knew about the assault was in the police report they’d read; the rest was lost somewhere in their friend’s empty eyes.
" What do you mean, she knows ? " Dean sat back on the bed.
« What are we gonna watch tonight, Dad ? » she asked as she set the plates on the table.
« Not true » his sister moaned.
He watched them both then watched Dean.
Eventually, a few items were added on the list: a blue vest to put on top of a shirt for Jewel and a black leather belt for Castiel ...
« Let’s show them, huh ?» he straightened up.
« I thought so » she felt embarrassed as well.
« That’s what Castiel said for you and Lisa... »
A mocking Jo and a desperate Bobby were watching the scene.
« Of course… and… Castiel ?» He called his friend before he left. « Thanks. I owe you one… If you hadn’t been there, I would have died of boredom.»
" Nothing at all " his sister added, sipping her orange juice.
« Weather forecast announced rain. » Castiel explained.
« Yeah, why don’t you do that?» Castiel was really angry. Dean had never seen that kind of reaction and just stood there, open-mouthed.
« Honey? » a male voice called.
« I’ll prepare sandwiches to take away… and I can give you an old backpack of mine »
" Castiel ... Do you have quarters ? " A little voice snapped them back to reality.
« No comment or I’ll disguise you as an alley cat » Castiel promised, as he walked away.
She followed him and saw Chadwick open the door... The boy instructed Apache the same way he had done with her, forbidding the animal to greet the elegant man who had just stepped in.
Castiel tried to stand up again but couldn’t regain his balance.
It doesn't take much for Dean to fall apart.
Blue eyes met emerald ones. Dean raised a hand behind his neck, pulled him close and put his forehead against his.
« Cass »
« It was… » Castiel didn’t know what to say.
« Please call us everyday, ok ? » Jewel begged, with tears in her eyes.
Dean moved even closer to the bed.
« Which part ? Not this one for sure» she waved her hand to show the place around them
Dean put Castiel’s bag on the bed. The latter was standing next to the window, staring outside.
"I'm sorry to bother you at such a late hour, but this is a matter of extreme urgency," she says avoiding paying any attention to his son, who is shaking on his legs. "My husband and I can no longer tolerate his presence under our roof," with a tremolo in his voice. "As God is our witness, we have done everything in our power to heal him," with disgust in his voice. "The fact remains that he is still my son and that..." she mingles.
He looks like a vampire, Dean thought so loud they could almost have heard it.
Chadwick decided to talk a walk in the hills with Apache. Dean didn’t mind anymore his son needing some privacy and moments of solitude to secure his emotional balance.
He pulled away from her and discreetly took off the condom.
« Shit, Cass, move your ass… you’re blocking the view » Dean cursed, pushing him away.
« We’ll pause there »
« Bon appétit everybody and Merry Christmas »
« Dean !»
« GET UUUUUUUUUUP » he shouted
Castiel stares at him. For the first time since they've known each other, Dean is unable to read his eyes.
Dean was furious. However, when he looked at Jewel, still wearing her tutu, holding tight her dancing shoes, he felt Castiel was right somehow, even if he also knew that he had never been so profoundly hurt than today. He never had to face that kind of situation. Of course, Castiel wasn’t an official relative. Dean sighed, shuffling through his hair.
A white frame and right in the center of it… two color spots… a red and a black one… which seemed to have been litterally splashed on the canvas.
Chadwick stood up to open the door, followed by Apache’s eyes.
He had barely brushed the snow away when a second ball hit his mouth.
« Oh fuck! » her father was laughing even louder.
« Why are you telling me this ? » he asked with wide-opened eyes.
« Do you still want some French toasts ? » he finally asked.
« I can see that… I’d appreciate if you could stop sharing your meal with me.» Castiel mumbled as he brushed away a piece of bread from his shirt.
Castiel smiled and gently hit the door frame with the palm of his hand.
« Shut up, Cow-boy » he kissed him.
« How was the show ? » he asked, looking down.
« True» he said after a moment of hesitation. « All this is scaring me »
././.
“And who will take care of him if you break down? Have you ever thought about that?”
Dean felt Castiel’s hand softly caressing down his chest, making him feel like he was drowning even if he wanted to keep control.
Dean was riding right behind them. Castiel riding by his side. Mark watched them, in silence, his hat down over his forehead.
He vigorously rubbed his face...
" See you on Saturday "
« What are you talking about ? »
« My shirts are perfect and I wouldn’t need new ones if you stopped stealing mine all the time» he said, sinking in his chair and looking at Dean greedily swallowing his pancakes.
« What ? » She took another sip of her drink.
« It’s gonna be a harsh winter » he smiled at them in the rear-view mirror.
He looked at the verrine with a satisfied look.
« Dad, did you see that ? » she was all smiles.
« Is this pie? And nobody invited me? » He complained with a fake outraged expression, ruffling through his son’s hair.
« He doesn’t know for Dean and I » he said, looking down at his plate.
"Dad ... Dad ... Do you have quarters ? "
« I don’t believe it ! » Castiel took off his hat. « I thought you were hurt and all that matters to you is that damn KP duty !?» he hesitated between anger and smile.
« Why ? » Jewel truly seemed surprised by her father’s request. « Can’t I tell Marissa that Castiel is your lover then ? » it was obvious she was disappointed.
He waved at the waiter to get the bill.
"Hello, Dean," with that smile his friend never tires of. "Happy Birthday," handing him his present.
« You were perfect » Dean lowered to her and put a hand on her cheek.
He kissed Chadwick who thanked him for the visit and promised to include "Grief " in his presentation.
Thank you for your kudos, for your bookmarks and especially thank you for your words.
« Ready ?.... » Garth took his hat off. « Set ? »
« I must be dreaming » snapped Dean, totally staggered.
« Yessssss, and we’ll drive the tractor? »
He grabbed the rope hanging from his belt and tied the legs the best he could.
« Balty...No » he said, raising his chin. « Not tonight... All I want right now is to be in your arms» Castiel’s eyes were pleading.
« Somehow, and also because I’m afraid it won’t work between us. I’m afraid to make a mistake » he confessed, raising his head and looking at his son.
« Yeah, that too » Mark went on with a bit of mockery.
« Thank you... » Castiel blushed a little.
Canada
" That’s ok" the boy managed to smile.
« You weren’t in your room this morning » the boy said, grabbing the cutlery in a drawer.
« Stop complaining, you old grumpy ! » Castiel sighed, with amusement.
" Daddy… there are no bears around here "
Jewel was waking him up and putting him to bed, while playing with him.
He opened it and immediately recognized Dean’s writing, a little shaky.
"It's an angel " Dean whistles.
Castiel, bare-chested wearing only white pajamas pants, grabbed a branch from the wood pile as an improvised weapon and walked slowly around the tent.
Dean was trying to hold the head of the deer still as Castiel did the best he could to free the antlers stuck in the knot. The deer struggled, threatening to collapse the tent.
His eyes met Chadwick’s who smiled too.
He remembered the face of his father. The memories… the wounds.
« Yep, you said it… C’mon, all aboard » Dean shouted clapping his hands.
Dean stopped next to them.
« What’s to funny ? » Dean shouted with a trace of anger in his voice.
« Hi everyone » He put a big smile on his face.
Castiel was wearing a dark blue plaid shirt, wash jeans and a pair of old Santiago boots.
Suddenly, their eyes met… Dean felt a huge lump down his throat and got lost in those big blue oceans, of the man he now knew was in love with him.
« So what ? It’s growing over OUR garden, so technically I have the right to do what I want with it» he said as a justifying excuse.
He convinced himself that these two weeks of holidays would do them good. What happened during the last few months had shaken their little ordinary family : perhaps taking a break from each other would allow them to put things in perspective, right back where they belonged.
« Oh, that… never mind,... wasn’t important» he replied, leaving the table.
" C’mon, Jewel, it’s time " the boy said
Corridors are filled with snow boots on carpets. Most students take class in socks.
Dean had closed his eyes, feeling Balty staring at him.
« He doesn’t love her »
Christmas… New Year…
« How do you feel? You’ve seemed a bit absent-minded since yesterday » he whispered.
« Hi » Dean replied, still staring at the TV screen.
«Wow Cass... You broke a record, man... less than two minutes » he looked at his watch.
see you in two if you wish
Tears of hatred and anger as he had to cope with the feeling injustice had overcome all the rest.
It was true that it's not look good this rat hole but just for the look on your face when you saw the waitress showing up as crappy as the tables of his hash house, it was worth it.
« I can’t help it ! Dean loves him, goddammit ! Why can’t he admit what’s so obvious? »
"What difference does it make? "
« Jewel told me that I couldn’t attend the dance festival next Sunday. Is that correct? » He was trying to be polite but somehow there was a trace of anger in his voice.
« Sorry. It’s just that... »
« But tomorrow we’ll have a special pasta & cheese dinner. What do you think ? ».
Time seems to stand still. Castiel doesn't come out of the room until Bobby's old truck honks its horn. Sam started crying. Dean remains unflappable.
Marissa was staying over on regular occasions. Megan knew about Castiel lifestyle. Jewel wasn’t hiding that her Castiel loved Balty. There was nothing wrong from her point of view, she’d always known them living this kind of relationship. She was only seeing the bond between them and not the fact that they were both men.
He stood up and rubbed his hands on his jeans. Castiel looked at him, waiting, without expecting anything in return.
« Have you ever seen them together ? »
« It’s been ten years and you still don’t know how to pronounce his name. You’re hopeless»
"At this time, he must already be sleeping", he replies, smiling and putting his arm around the angel's neck.
He says, "Thank you, ma'am," as he puts the cup down and stands up.
The dog left, licking his chops.
Mabel... He smiled and eventually looked at her. He noticed she had grown old over the last year; her hair was showing some more grey strands and her face was showing more wrinkles. She looked tensed and even more tired than usual, most probably because she had spent most of the last days in the kitchen to prepare the meal for this peculiar Christmas Eve.
« I’d rather say it was awful. I was still chewing it the morning after at breakfast’» Dean bluntly said, which made her sister laugh.
« I swear on the children’s lives » he sworn with a kiss.
"It would prevent this type of incident from ever happening again".
« Probably not » Dean answered with a big smile. « Ready for the day? »
« What does he think of all this? Did you speak with him ? »
« Bye Cass » Dean’s voice was almost gone
« That’s why ! » Dean snapped back.
« Because I do love you so much I could die and I couldn’t stand you rejecting me after you gave me some reason to hope » Dean had to listen carefully as Castiel’s voice seemed so distant.
And typed a message.
« That’s right. Great idea. » Dean was all smiles.
« The female neighbors never complained about it, as far as I know » Castiel added, contemplating his finished work with a smile of satisfaction.
« Hello. »
« You tell me, Son » Bobby looked him in the face.
« He means a lot to me, that’s for sure, and he always will... We shared 7 years together but… with you, it’s different » he put a finger under his chin and forced his companion to look at him.
"Sorry man ... But I was starting to go crazy in there," he smiled at Balty who had come out at the insisting request of Jewel .
« Now c’mon on !» Dean was obviously not happy with Castiel’s reaction. « Can you imagine him and a puppy to raise? He would let it do whatever it wants, the place would turn into Hell.»
« Madi » Castiel nodded, feeling embarrassed.
« You’re gonna make me tumble, Sweetie »
"I should never have welcomed you here... Your mother was right," he whistles.
« Your father was working this morning. He gave your sister carte blanche to pick up his costume. So I took the ones you had reserved for yourself, I selected mine and your sister chose… this! » He pointed to Dean’s costume.
He stayed there with his back to the door, ready to run away, but waiting for a word, a gesture that would keep him in.
Castiel went on his knees in front of Dean and, in a swift movement, took off his shoes, socks and pants.
He had to move on. Whether he wanted it or not, his sex life was part of his balance.
I will always remember this kiss ... All in violence, in frustration and almost pain.
" I went to the park with Apache...Go to work… I’ll take care of the kids " he said in a neutral voice.
« I care about her, if that’s what you wanna know »
« No Sir »
« It’s ok, buddy, don’t be scared... I’m exhausted...I’m just imagining things » he patted the dog to reassure him.
Dean didn’t like it ... The only art he knew was the cinema and, on rare occasions, concerts.
Just a few kisses and your firm hand that takes our two dicks on this bed with mattress springs that hurt my back.
« He invited me to a restaurant tomorrow night»
« What’s going on here ? » he asked as he gently pushed the kids away from him, looking for an answer in their eyes.
Castiel stepped closer and kissed those lips he knew like the back of his hand, pulling Balty into his embrace.
After a few seconds, the reply beeped...
« With my fingers ? »
The End.
" I know " the other said, with a hoarse voice, pulling back. " Anyway, I gotta go to sleep, I’m dog tired. This has been a peculiar day "
Something strong weighed on his heart...
« If you say so » he collapsed by his side, dropping the bottle in his hands.
"Nothing's changed," miffed "You wanted to know how he was, so you did... You can put your conscience back in your head and get on with your shitty little life. "
Castiel steps aside, bypasses Dean and goes to the open gates of the school. Leaving Dean whitout loocking back. the Sedan starts up again.
It was a strange sensation to feel a man’s tongue play with his ; he hesitated between getting into it a bit deeper and push the man’s lips away with force... he was fighting all the contradictions in his heart, lost between disgust and desire, yet after those few seconds, he let go and forgot it was a man kissing him, only recalling one things: he was the one who had started this... again.
« There was nothing... » He felt a bit embarrassed by his attitude towards Balty. « It’s just... » He went on, stammering still.
« Hi » he greeted everyone as he walked in the kitchen and granted them a nervous smile.
He smiled as he watched him play with Apache while the kids were dragging their sled up the first slope.
« Even if what you say is true, even if that kiss… » he nervously twisted his cup between his fingers. « He’ll never take the plunge »
“I can pay.” His voice cracked, broken by the screams and tears.
He cursed Castiel and his stupid idea for a week-end activity.
Pay attention several "back in time" in this chapter...
« She’s a pain in the butt. I wish Chuck would screw her for good so she’d leave me in peace»
« It won’t snow today; you should grab the opportunity and go for a walk. Tomorrow, it may not be possible »
« Not me, that’s for sure » Balty answered, avoiding to look at Dean.
There's a picture of Castiel against the lamp base. It's crumpled, worn, the corners are damaged. It's like one of his photos that you carry around with you everywhere until it threatens to turn to dust.
He stood up, cleaned the table and sat in the couch to watch TV.
" Love secret ? "
« I already said no. »
« That’s a nice family you’ve got there »
That was also one of their Christmas traditions.
« Dean » he leaned against the wall.
« In this case, who gives a damn? » He stood up. « I prefer to see you happy even with a guy. After all, I’m not the one to sleep with him » His face suddenly went pale.
« Balty ? » Megan had questioned her daughter as she was putting her coat on at the end of the first afternoon at their place.
One day, he would introduce Lisa to the family… but not now… nobody was ready for this… Let alone him.
He went there on foot, just to take his mind off things... Hands in his trench coat’s pockets, he walked with his eyes fixed on the ground, lucky enough to avoid the passers-by who stepped aside.
« Shut up, Cass... For once, shut up» he forced the man to raise his butt so he could take his pants off.
Dean pulled from him and smiled. He opened his eyes. « I think we can move to the next lesson »
"We knew it...long time ago," Castiel replies, focusing on his hand.
« Are you gonna be away for long? »
Suddenly, Apache stood up and ran to the living room. Someone was trying to manipulate the door knob in vain.
« Didn’t have enough ? » Dean grumbled.
Jewel felt lost, all of a sudden... She considered Castiel as a member of the family, she had know him since she was born, he was part of her life.
« HOLY SHIT, SAY SOMETHING, DAMMIT ! » Dean couldn’t bear Castiel’s inertia any longer. « I’m telling you that I’m attracted to you, that I’m turning gay because of you and all you do is sitting there like a stupid jerk… Say something… Anything like « shit » or « I hate you », but talk » Dean’s voice broke with emotion.
« Are you really sure ? » he asked again, feeling a bit worried.
« 90 dollars, as the little lady has small feet » he said, tenderly tapping her cheek, which made her laugh.
Chadwick stretched his lips in a big smile. Dean popped the bottle cork and the sound startled the dog that hit his head under the table.
France :
"Pa'", Dean hugs him.
He was too proud to ask for help but no one was fooled.
Tomorrow, a new year will come out with its 365 days of tears and blood.
Balty smiled patting his trouser’s pocket
« It’s great » Jo was laughing out loud.
« Do you know her? » Chadwick suddenly asked.
« As if I hadn’t enough to manage those three without having you too mixing in » Dean said, squeezing her tight against him.
« What are you talking about ? » he placed himself in front of her.
Every night or each time he was trying to get some rest, the same nightmare would sneak in over and over again...
Dean felt relaxed, released somehow… here with the kids… and Castiel.
"Who are you ? "
« Just a little» Castiel added at once.
« Considering your happy face, I guess that you won»
Garth, at a distance, observed this not-so-ordinary family for a while and finally understood what Balthazar had meant.
Chadwick’s face turned red
Castiel suddenly found himself lost in Dean’s eyes.
He continues to see the band, even though Ash is no longer there. He left Kansas for Arizona and the eyes of a beautiful Native American.
« You know, Dad, ...Castiel » he stopped in the middle of his sentence.
« Positive. »
« Admit it, you fell for it» Dean boasted.
“What happened?” He finally let out.
« Don’t call me that, Zeke »
« I promised you could but not now, Pumpkin » he said, dropping a kiss on her forehead. « Finish your plate. You’ve got danse class today. »
« And the big lug over there is Dean ».
The cook had prepared a take away lunch box for each one. They had stuffed it in their bag.
Dean watched him trot away, clearly at ease as he must have been before, then he saw him get to gallop… a gentle gallop… Castiel seemed to float, holding the reins in one hand, guiding the horse with his legs only...
« Tomorrow is another day… I’ll wake up the same, and you’ll always be Dean… Only you can decide if you wanna cross that line. You or us. »
However, the casual babbling soothed the tension in everyone’s heart.
Chadwick threw himself in his father’s arms. They remained in each other’s embrace for a long while. Dean was gently stroking his son’s hair, and sort of cradling him. His son… his flesh… his blood !
He saw a bit of sadness in Balty’s eyes, filled with a touch of nostalgia. The latter turned to Bryan and smiled.
" Or what? " Dean snapped, staring at him.
« Idjit » Bobby pulled his cap down again.
He raised and saw Chadwick look at the bracelet. Then their eyes met.
Dean tensed up.
« Oh Fuck… Let’s get the hell outa here» Dean was laughing his ass off.
« He’s fine… He may sound a bit incoherent when he wakes up ; don’t worry, it’s just a side-effect of the anesthesia and the painkillers»
Sam watches his brother die. He takes his phone and texts these simple words: "He loves you"
He surprisingly had ended up with his hand on his crotch and hadn’t found it so repulsive as he thought it would feel. All he could remember was the love and desire on his lover’s face, and most of all the tears... He had felt the pleasure of giving pleasure to the other.
"Yes"
« Listen, Kevin… I’m leaving the house now and I’ll be right there... Yeah, I know... » he raised his eyes to the ceiling.
That’s when Castiel knew he had fallen in love with another man.
A table, four chairs, an empty cupboard and a bedroom with two beds, mattresses rolled, no sheets.
« I liked this movie, Daddy. It was very funny » Jewel was amused.
He had known her for ages, yet she often managed to astonish him more than once.
"He brought shame on our family. He'll never agree to testify against us. ", she answers, straightening his chin, scornful. "As I told you, he no longer belongs under our roof... ...but I'm quite resolute about letting my son wander all over Lawrence alone... ...my husband and I have a reputation to uphold and..."
Castiel watched him get dressed, felt the embarrassment at the idea of his daughter seeing him in this particularly peculiar situation.
"Grief" the boy read as he leaned towards the description.
"I'm not gay," Dean finally spits out, head straight.
« Yeah… What? » he asked, showing only his head through the curtain.
« And ? » Franck turned around and leaned back against the counter.
"Thanks," his voice was low.
« What are you staring at ? I was really starving. » he spluttered.
Dean searched his pockets.
" So, there is a « us » now ? " Castiel’s eyes were filled with sadness.
« I shouldn’t be here » Dean finally said in a whisper.
« Yes, I’m Dean Winchester… My friend, Castiel Novak, is in recovery room. I need to go out and make a phone call… If in the meantime, something…. »
" What happened to the bowl? " Chadwick asked, with an innocent voice, looking at the sink filled with crepe batter.
« Thanks »
« I... » Dean moaned, looking down.
« Bravo Daddy » Jewel yelled and clapped her hands, which made Light startle.
« I could use a little help here, man ! » Castiel said, puffing and panting.
« Bobby ! » Dean shook the old man who startled too, pushing up his cap.
Castiel smiled. Dean smiled too. The patient closed his eyes and finally fell asleep.
Tomorrow, Dean will be eight years old and his father has promised to be at the birthday party that Bobby and his wife, Ellen, made for him.
« Do you like it ? » Jewel asked, a bit worried.
He felt like crying but the tears wouldn’t flow. In his mind, yesterday’s memories were mixed with today’s fear.
« I lost control, I admit. But don’t worry, I will not let you in this mess alone»
Chadwick squeezed his knees, clicked his tongue to launch Storm.
Castiel was back. He interlaced his fingers to his as if he was afraid to see him run away again.
« By the way, how is he doing ? »
“So? You want me to waste a kid, is that it? … You want her dead, do the dirty work yourself… You’re used to it, it shouldn’t bother you.” Dean opened the fridge and pulled out a beer.
Dean finally reappeared, holding a small box in his hands ; there was some sadness in his eyes.
“Dean… I didn’t see you… I came here, I thought you hadn’t left yet!”
« Pa’ »
Dean smiled, stood up and started to clean the table. He stored the butter and the milk back in the fridge.
He read Greg’s name on the screen and swiftly picked up.
Castiel's standing in the middle of the living room when John comes down the stairs. Castiel doesn't know how long he's been there, he doesn't matter. Nothing matters anymore.
« You’re right… Thanks for waiting for me and… for the interesting conversation »
Dean smiled at that.
The sun slowly began to rise towards its zenith.
« Yes, I am » She was looking at him in the eyes.
« They are hand-stitched. If you take care of them and of course, if you don’t grow too fast…» he paused and smiled « ...You’ll keep them for several years »
"Don't take me for a fool! ", suspicious.
He would never risk losing everything.
« Cass » Zeke went on, about to ask another question.
« If you say so... »
« Just as you are, for all that matters. »
The main door opened and Chadwick interrupted the kiss. Dean looked at him, a bit troubled, yet his son only had eyes for Castiel.
« Your turn, Dean » Garth smiled.
« So… are you done keeping us in the dark or what ?» Dean was getting impatient. « In about an hour, I gotta drive the kids. »
" I know "
« I love you too, Daddy » Jewel suddenly joined the embrace.
« What’s taking Dad so long ? » Chadwick got impatient.
Dean scowls immediately.
Of course, he had reassured them he had no intention of dying soon, but since their mother’s death, he had said he wanted to plan ahead, as no one knew what life had in stock for them.
« Yes, Chad ? ». Bobby lifted the peak of his cap which he was wearing all the time.
Dean frowned.
Until the day Castiel found love in the arms of a class comrade.
« And you’re repeating yourself » she replied, refraining from laughing at her brother trying to overcome his principles of sexual non-commitment and the desire to brush away the reason for his denial.
« Hi Boss... Fell out of bed early?» Kevin saluted him, interrupting the course of his thoughts.
She frowned. She didn’t feel offended ; after all she wasn’t there to find her soul mate. But Dean’s expression was way too serene. She’d never known him like this.
« Would you care for some of this delicious red wine, dear Sister, as Mr. Singer here didn’t bother so serve us? » Dean said in a pedantic tone.
Castiel came back holding the apple pie.
Blue will live again.
He went back to his cooking and tasted the pasta.
The three of them were sitting on the floor, around the coffee table, 3 pizzas in front of them, when Castiel entered the room.
Dean’s grasp tightened around the bottle. His world was collapsing.
« I’ll help you » she nudged him.
Dean was aware it had been there before but since that special night, it had become more tangible and he felt unable to face it.
All in all, maybe two weeks wouldn’t do it after all.
« We kept the best for the end »
« It’s so surrealist » Dean whispered, feeling totally lost.
He gets into the back seat of the Mercedes, fasten his seatbelt and watches the landscape unfold.
Then he sees a little girl who looks at the toys with longing.
" Cass " Dean took off his glove and put a hand on the man’s cheek. " Cass " he slowy helped him in a sitting position.
« I missed you » she smiled in return, expecting an answer that never came.
« Yes » He stood up.
" That was quick " Castiel says, frowning surprised.
Indeed, he had never visited a museum , therefore he’d never seen works of art, not to mention modern art ones ...
« Why do I have to put them on, Dad…I can swim. »
wwwwwwwwwwwwwwwww
Dean looked down… Castiel put butter on his toasted bread without a word.
Zeke walked towards Dean.
Castiel pushed his plate away from him and, his chin resting on his right palm and looked at Jewel.
«But I’ll be all right. As long as I can stay with them… with him... »
« Yeah, until Monday » he returned her smile.
"About what he did once we..." Sam puts his head down.
Dean helped Bobby set the table in the living room in front of the fireplace. He had pushed aside the few pieces of furniture for them to have more space as there were no actual dining room at his Uncle’s. They were used to moving the kitchen table in the living room for special occasions.
No arm around the waist, no head resting on the shoulder. Just two men, sitting next to each other, with their feet on the coffee table, discussing about an old movie, shoulder to shoulder.
“What?”
And today she was gonna meet the famous Castiel who was so important in her lover’s life. Perhaps he would let go a little afterwards. Perhaps he would finally feel more comfortable with her.
« From what I heard, your friend has been assaulted as he was leaving a reception or a party »
« You look happy, Boss... It’s been a while since I’ve seen you like this »
«Two weeks without him »
"She’s in 3rd level class dance" Jewel went on, as she kept staring at the statue.
Then he typed a second one
Balty turned to Dean and looked down.
The angel observes the vastness of the sky and smiles. That sweet smile that Dean feeds on to find the courage to move forward.
At the time, he was already in love with Dean, he had fell in love at first sight. Since then, that song had become their song, but his own in particular.
One hand on one cheek, another holding
« Bobby... How is he doing? What did he tell you? » Dean questioned him, feeling completely lost.
« I’ll never manage to do as good as her » he whispered, suddenly lost in his thoughts.
But we are all so different today.
« So what’s up ? »
She refused to disclose the content of it to Castiel and she had even threatened one of her school mates who was about to uncover the mystery at the school gate.
« Who wouldn’t love Castiel, anyway? » Jo said, winking at her brother.
« Well well, I see everybody’s up ! »
« You’ll talk to him tomorrow » Chadwick said in an angry voice.
