Opposite them Mycroft was seated and then the rest of the guests were scattered around the table, all of them unknown to John. He looked for an empty seat to claim but Magnussen’s hand touched his arm and directed him towards the seat next to Mycroft, opposite Sherlock and Victor.
“By the way, what is it in that briefcase you’re carrying? Did you put something in there for pretence sake or is it empty?”
Sherlock called out to stop him from moving any further.
“What kind of arrangement do you have in mind?” John asked sceptically.
“Where are you meeting him? I don’t like you sneaking out at night to the barracks, someone could see you.”
“I’m going to kill him...” he murmured and Mycroft cocked an eyebrow at that, because despite recognising the passion behind those words, having nurtured them himself on several occasions during the years, it was rather unwise to speak them out loud in his presence, being Sherlock’s older and very protective brother. There was no way he would accept anyone harming his younger sibling, unless it was himself doling out the punishment.
And there it was again, that pang of sorrow piercing through Mycroft and he had to make an effort not to let it show on his features.
Sherlock tilted his head to the side, looking at the disfigured poker, then he turned his eyes to face Doctor Roylott again.
Magnussen turned to look at him, superior annoyance clear in his eyes.
Mycrofts starts pacing, not unlike Sherlock when deep in thought and John takes a seat in his chair to get out of the way.
Sherlock was clearly uncomfortable with this arrangement and it wasn’t solely because he was forced to wear formal wear and a bow tie according to the dress code of the event. On account of his upbringing as well as the many years spent at respectable boarding schools, Sherlock was not a stranger to wearing the right attire, however reluctantly. But this was something else and Mycroft wasn’t completely sure where his brother’s nervousness stemmed from.
“I think I’ll show it to Sherlock later, at home. Interesting to see if he remembers this day," Lestrade says. "As it was such a fiasco casewise he could very well have deleted it. It’s a nice picture though. He looks very lovely in it.”
“He won’t find out,” he simply stated.
. If my brother had been half as smart as he claims to be, he would have realised this already, but as he is as emotionally stumped as a log of wood, he naturally didn’t have a clue. “
“Don’t look at it like that. Your help was invaluable to us, but tranquilising darts or not, we needed to work quickly if having a chance of finally ridding ourselves of that nuisance Charles Magnussen. There was no time to take care of you as well. We did what we deemed necessary.”
?” Mycroft practically seethed by now, his knuckled turned white as they pressed firmly around the handle of his umbrella.
John remained stoically waiting for his words to finally hit him.
While he could hear Magnussen begin to wrap it up in the background, John decided to allow action to take precedence over wasting any more time trying to think of a plan.
Pretty soon though he realised that they were going in the wrong direction of Cotswolds where Appledore was located, by his estimation they were now in Surrey, in the opposite direction, so wherever they were headed, it wouldn’t do him any good guessing the destination, he would simply have to find out eventually, however irritating that idea was.
Granted, Sherlock had clearly been off his game during the dinner party last Saturday, displaying many of the classical signs of substance abuse, which given his history as an addict and the current circumstances were not that surprising and yet, that funny little man Dr Watson, had seemed completely oblivious to it.
“You shouldn’t have come,” a familiar voice was heard behind his back and he twisted around, facing Sherlock standing in the opening to the balcony, tall and elegant, but decidedly displeased.
” John could feel his own eyes threatening to bulge out of their sockets from sheer disbelief. Sherlock on the other hand looked surprisingly unaffected considering the subject of conversation.
Mycroft never tires of the sight, never has, never will.
“Oh, I think you’ve had enough already, Mr Magnussen.”
That Sherlock was so scantily dressed didn’t necessarily mean that he had intended to sleep anytime during the night, sometimes he simply got undressed for the same reason that he put his suit and tight shirts on, because it was what he felt like doing in that specific moment. There was never any true intent behind such actions and therefor uncomfortably unpredictable, like most things concerning Sherlock and his mercurial moods.
“Not exactly. There was some disagreement and he is no longer in our employment. I ‘m currently in search of a new physician to take his place.”
Stamford frowned at that.
“Erm, no.....I don’t’ actually....know.”
Magnussen was much calmer than John would have given anyone the credit for, when replying to Roylott’s suspicious questions, not even once wavering with hesitation at the message he was about to deliver, despite the frankly preposterous situation.
“I have a huge wish to give you a good old spanking, just to teach you some manners. It’s a huge disservice that the principal of physical disciplinary methods was no longer an option when you went to school. Or maybe it would only have encouraged you further, I’m still indecisive on that one.”
His death allowed for Mycroft’s men to perform a thorough search of the media mogul’s properties in the UK, both the flat in London as well as Appledore, but just like the issue with the snake, nothing substantial was ever found and the rumour of a vault consisting of his many secrets and blackmailing material continued to be just a rumour.
“If I turned down helping you, I wouldn’t be able to live with the consequences afterwards, just as you wouldn’t be able to live with them if we fail and Magnussen comes after me. So, the way I see it, not only do I need to help you out this mess, but we also need to make sure that we succeed. That’s the only outcome acceptable to both of us.”
***********
But John also knew that he wouldn’t be able to put up with the kind of bullshit he had been subjected to lately either.
Finally Mycroft let out a tired sigh.
The man to his left turned to look at John.
This needed to be postponed. John realised that he couldn’t strike up any deals tonight, he needed to get in contact with Mycroft who needed to tell Sherlock, or all of this would have been for nothing.
Torn branches and trampled grass in the area indicated that he had tried to outrun the cheetah and probably believed he would make it.
Languidly lying on the opulent Victorian four-poster bed, because when would his brother do anything without looking nothing but graceful, one hand under his head, the other one casually hanging over the edge of the bed, the dark curls like a spread-out halo around his face on the pillow, looking like Snow white incarnated.
Because the first frame is of Mycroft hovering over Sherlock with his hand extended towards his wrist and the next one is that as well but with the hand not in the exact same position as previously.
It was tempting to tell him to get rid of it but John realised that Sherlock for once actually seemed a bit nervous, and after his own outburst he figured that he might need to give the other man a chance to redeem himself as well as trying to calm himself down a little bit.
This time he allowed the lack of a response, it was enough pleasure to see the supressed anger in those fiery eyes, so he allowed the younger man to purse his lips into an indignant line, refusing to reply, even if such insolence normally would be met with a punishent.
He truly was a pitiable creature, a rare combination of melodrama, jealousy and hatred that Mycroft had difficulty enduring. If Sherlock had somehow been a part of making him this way or if this was all his own doing was difficult to say, but that the two of them should never have met was evident for everyone except Victor.
John had once caught the Detective Inspector watching the two of them with a forlorn look on his face, when he thought no one was looking, but at least he didn’t do anything more than treat their budding relationship with outmost respect, unlike of lot of the other Yarders who thought that Sherlock must have put a spell on John to make him lose his senses.
Mycroft also secretly wondered what the relationship between these two might be once this was all over and done with.
He had initially thought  that it would be a place in central London but soon enough they entered  the M25 headed south, as darkness began to settle outside and houses became more sparse, small suburbs flashing by occasionally and the train to the airports passed by every now and again in the distance.
A laugh was heard, the discord of a shrill tone to it that caused John to shudder.
“I can’t tell you everything, certainly not tonight while we’re here. These walls have ears as well as eyes so just keep your mouth shut, hold your distance and hear me out because I will only say this once -  since you seem insistent to put yourself into a situation I would have preferred to keep you out of, the next time we meet, if you decide that you still want to meet that is, I’ll try to explain the situation a little better and then you will hopefully see why it’s essential that you stay as far away from it all as you possibly can. For now, you go act your part as my perfectly friendly and platonic doctor and stop looking like you want to stab a knife through Victor’s heart every time he gives me a kiss or touches me. He is entitled after all to do those things, he is the one I’m marrying.”
Sherlock shrugged, as if all his planning had only been about Magnussen. Victor was after all also a tangible threat to his happiness and the initial instigator to this whole mess in the first place, so it was a bit surprising for John to see how Sherlock reacted to his question.
Sherlock had discreetly looked for a second safe of course, discreetly because he didn’t want to endure the ridicule of being called easily duped if it had just been a ploy. But so far he had not managed to find one in his brother’s house, in his office or at the family estate. He was still indecisive if one actually existed. Despite the boring content, the documents he had paged through had been important after all, and with Mycroft you just never knew.
“Oh, I know just the place.”
John frowned.
Sherlock gave him a weak smile and then quietly left the room to prepare himself for Magnussen’s predictable visit.
“Well, it is actually of a somewhat delicate nature and one I’m not sure is suited to handle over the phone. It involves your patient, Sherlock, and I was wondering if you would be amenable to meet me tomorrow evening, at my office. Say, around seven o’clock?”
Sherlock managed to gather himself sufficiently from the surprising sight and opened his mouth to say something, but John shook his head resolutely and for the second time this evening Sherlock went silent again, without voicing what had been on his mind.
"Mmm?" John responds, schooling himself before facing Sherlock. Silently cursing himself at the worry he sees from Sherlock's watery eyes.
"Greg!" John shouted over his shoulder as he kneeled down to take a look at the injured man before him. Broken high heels, ripped skinny jeans, and torn mesh see-through barely covering the pale skin that are bruised with a bleeding torso to add. There was a torn long wig lying on the ground next to the man's body. Training kicking in, John assessed the man. Gently he held the man's jaw turning it to him. Bruised cheekbones, bleeding nose and teeth, made John winced. He then took the man's pulse.
"And third, he even invited you. I guess I already have my answer. You two should talk about this. And please tell Sherlock that I'll cover for any additional check-ups he'll undergo if needed be.”
Like a tidal wave that the ocean owns.
"Anyway, how's the little princess?"
THE END
“John! John! Have you heard what happened?! The Lawsons! Their family of four! Last night! No one even saw—,” John clamped a hand over Mike’s mouth, willing his friend to breathe.
John welcomed him as a flatmate when he moved to London at the age of nineteen from Sussex to pursue being a chemist. Who helped him settle down in the city life. Who cared for him when he got sick. John had been his strength. Most importantly, John looked after him when he was dumped by his so called dates and boyfriends, after they learned that he was actually boring. That he prefered tea from coffee. Soda from beer. Scones from biscuits. That he loved Chemistry and for some reason, Anatomy. That he loved crime shows and not sports.
When no one reply came immediately, John was already convinced it was a fake, until suddenly a call lights up his screen.
Sherlock raised an eyebrow at him.
John was about to snap at the man when all of a sudden, a blue smoke surround them. The man in front of him moved forward, and grabbed him by the neck. His gun clattered to the ground, and the next thing John knew, the Traveller was kissing him.
"Alright, I'm going in. Back me up, keep low. Thank you, Martin. Over."
Sherlock then smiles again, and John’s world has brightened up too.
He smiled briefly, "Thank you, Mike." Then he leaned forward clasping his hands in front of him. "Say, do you hear about this ... drug ... going around the campuses? Any idea who's bringing them? Any suspicious bloke around?"
Two more hours.
Two rings later, the call was answered. "Hello, handsome. Is something the matter?"
"Good. Bring him to the red warehouse. I'll follow you there. Call Matthew and tell him I'm gonna need his ride in five."
The wind howled as the rain angrily drop its strength against the shed's rooftop. Storm escalated over the hour. John removed his jacket and squeezed the water from it. Now that his jacket has been thoroughly soaked at seven in the evening, there was no way he'll be able to make it to that date. He might need to cancel. His mother won't be happy but whoever in their right mind would go on a date when a storm clearly were hell bent on preventing it? Someone then arrived and stood a distance beside him but he was too busy to even notice the person was hesitating to speak.
It was a gesture John made when he was nervous. Sherlock hadn't thought that he could do that. Make John Watson nervous, when he himself felt tongue-tied at the moment. That this man wanted to be with him. He knew they have a lot of things to talk about. But that was what a date is for, right? Sherlock wanted to melt at the moment at the thought of dating John. But first he wanted to do something he wanted to try after reading the letter.
Please excuse the jumping of tenses or whatever grammar errors you'll encounter. It was all my fault. Thank you so much for reading. 🙏🏼
Additional Tags: Post S4, A glimpse of their Wedding, Parentlock, Molly is a Good Bestie
John did. He focused to the overwhelming pleasure now coursing through him. Eventually, his hands wandered. Caressing the soft fabric his fingers had gotten a hold of. Momentarily, the man froze as if distracted when John’s fingers touched the soft skin of his waist. But then he moved again, urgent this time.
"That yours?"
had been found and saved by some of his colleagues, John had to admit to himself he got jealous that there were people who knew the man longer before him. Christ, he’s not even that possessive to his previous someone like this. They’re not even dating! They’d just met for fucks sake!
A voice inside his head said, causing him to stay alert.
John smiled to himself as he pretend to dust his suit. The young man's eyes widens as he probably thought John would get mad. Instead, John looked up and eyed the man slowly.
Oh, he couldn't forget, Sherlock, alright. Despite Sherlock's eccentricity, John had learned to love him. He learned to be patient with the man. He learned what Sherlock likes and dislikes, in order for them to live together in harmony. That's how much he... loved, Sherlock.
Sherlock suddenly gasped. Oh, what a fool. Why does he always end up being like this. He's so tired of being like this. Of having these thoughts. It eats him inside. He had to contact their therapist. They'd come a long way and still he's letting his delusional self destroy what he and John had been building.
That seem to snap him from a trance. He felt his face warmed.
"I want to thank you for going after me, John. You saved me again." Sherlock whispered and John gave a tight nod.
John disentangled himself from the man and turned. Whatever he saw would hunt his waking hours. Mike lay crumpled and pale on the floor unmoving.
Together here we'll stand
"I love you. Throughout the happiness and pain." John whispered beside him.
Later that evening, John sat on the couch with Sherlock's head on his lap. He knew right there and then that something had shifted between the two of them after what happened earlier in Aunt Merle's residence. What they would do with that change ... John could only hope for the better for what the following days would bring. And if Sherlock still needed that reassurance, if he wouldn't believe in John, John swore to tell Sherlock everyday, how beautiful he was.
Your eyes where greens and stormy grey battles
THE END
There was a time when Sherlock wasn't alone. Because he had John in his life. He vividly remember when Sherlock asked him that question of where he was deployed.
against his lips. It was also just then that he realised he has closed his eyes.
It was asking for a chance
Sherlock blinked at the sight of John, with his head bowed down and palms covering his face. He slowly closed the door as not to surprise Rosie who's busy fumbling with his father's shoelaces. It was then that Sherlock deduced the two had just gone back from a walk while he's out interviewing victims for a murder case that Greg asked him for help.
"I ... I did not said something about a—"
Placing a hand over Sherlock’s, John let the pent up emotions inside of him fall as tears in his eyes. Locking gaze with Sherlock, he speaks what his heart had been saying from the first time he met the man.
John turns surprised to find Sherlock with a solemn look on his face standing by his own bedroom’s door.
John nodded. "No jokes around. It'll bring the colour of your eyes. So, you won't overwear your favourite dressing gowns."
When you looked into my eyes
Running around London not minding the busy road
John turned with a small smile on his face. The guy was definitely checking his arse.
The second time John thought about his experiment, it wasn't really the best of time. Because thinking about buying another purple shirt for his best friend while being hunted by two perps inside an abandoned warehouse without Sherlock wasn't really what he should be doing. But thinking on how to escape the two. In the end, he decided that he should buy another one before one of the perps successfully clubbed him in the head.
A few more minutes passed on the call before John said a quick goodbye to Sherlock and a promise of donuts for Rosie. Back to work, the remaining hours flew by without other issues.
John blew out a deep breath as the both of them looked up in silence and watched the huge dark clouds rolling in in the distance. The village where their crime scene was held lie clouded in fog below.
As our eyes met for the first time
"Come back to me, love." John's voice said. But it was distant. But Sherlock wanted to hear it again. Where was John?
Sherlock eyed him before smiling affectionately. "Alright, Sir. Laters then." Sherlock then crouched down to fix Rosie’s robe and secure the heels. "No to heels, still." Sherlock murmured, which had laughing.
How could you look at someone like me?
Additional Tags: Johnlock Poetry, POV John Watson, Domestic life, Soft Johnlock, First times
Dr Mike Stamford, Senior Lecturer in Chemistry Education.
Additional Tags: Established Relationship - Husbands, Delusion disorder, Relapse, Parent!lock, John Watson is a good man, Soft Sherlock, Adoption
“I know, Doctor Watson. And now …”
"My name is Sherlock and the place is 221b Baker Street. I'll wait for you. But you better not make me, Dr Watson. For I am an impatient man."
Then he went to Harry's. He unpublished his blog. He reconnected with his parents in Suffolk. Despite their disapproval of his enlistment all those years ago, they took him back. He spent his time tending to his mother's garden and helping his father fix broken things. But still, he couldn't fix himself. He has fixed things, but he couldn't fix his broken heart Sherlock's death had caused. He couldn't even try dating. How could he? When that memory of seeing Sherlock standing at the edge of that rooftop, all he wanted to do was grab the man and hold him. That he wanted to reassure Sherlock that he didn't believe Sherlock was just faking it.
Sherlock blinked a couple times, looking up at John and withdrawing out of his head. "Yes I did, for a bit," he lied softly. "I just didn't have morphine to keep me under," he murmured quietly. "Maria brought the pills... I took them, keeping some on hand for when we're home," he said quietly. "I figure they'll be irregular for a little while, till things are more... settled," he said quietly, his stomach making a noise. He sighed, ignoring it.
"A virus incubates before the symptoms are apparent, and considering you and I were just snogging not two hours ago, I would say I am going to get it regardless," Sherlock said, easing himself onto the floor and leaning against John's back, rubbing it lightly. He knew it wasn't the best idea for him to get sick – he'd lost blood and was already poorly – but he wasn't leaving John alone again.
"I just want her out of there," Sherlock said, looking up at John, rings under his eyes.
Sherlock nodded, he knew John hadn't tried, and he'd come home after all. He would fight with Mycroft, get him assigned somewhere further from the lines, in a recovery hospital if at all possible. He had more to live for now. When he left the first time it was just Sherlock, now...it was more than that. So much more. He got up carefully, carrying Kat and sitting in John's chair, cuddling her close to him. "It's going to be okay." he said quietly, trying to reassure her...and himself.
Sherlock sighed, wincing a little as the bandages were put in place.
Sherlock stood up and crossed the kitchen, winding his arms around John's middle and nuzzling against his neck. "Mmlove you," he murmured softly against his skin with a small sigh. Hamish squawked at them, bouncing in his chair, obviously not liking being the only one still sitting. Sherlock sighed, pulling away and lifting the almost four month old up, and holding him in one arm. "I should go change him...get him ready for bed, assuming he sleeps through the night. Not likely."
Sherlock let out a breath, leaning back against his John. "Normal is boring." he said, "It was never going to be normal, because I am me, and you are you." He turned his head slightly so he could see John out of the corner of his eye. "Still...I think some quiet is well overdue," he murmured quietly.
John reached up, cupping Sherlock's cheek and directing his gaze back to him.
Katherine smiled, shredding the paper off of the packages and finding the puzzles inside. She smiled, shaking the boxes a little as she listened to the pieces inside. She got to work on the other presents, with Sherlock watching her fondly.
Inside was a single card printed on thick card stock. He lifted it up, the front read "You're invited..." in distinctive cursive. Lifting the card up from the bottom to open it he read the card, "To celebrate the joining of Dr. John Hamish Watson and Mr. William Sherlock Scott Holmes in marriage. Coming in the Spring."
Wordlessly, John took Sherlock's hands out of his hair, kissing them gently and holding them in one of his hands, carding his other through Sherlock's sweat-damp hair. His heart clenched for Sherlock, and he was grateful that he was a doctor, or it would most definitely be harder for him to withstand this.
After a moment, Mycroft collected himself again, looking over towards Sherlock. "I was in little position to do anything and have since been working to get there. So do not assume such things, John Watson. Now stand down," he said.
His nightmares had gotten progressively
Sherlock shifted a fraction again, stirring slightly though he didn't wake for another half hour.
John turned in his chair, watching Sherlock carefully as he stumbled across the street. "What the hell is he doing?" he murmured, a bad feeling settling in his gut. He pushed himself to his feet, walking closer to the glass door and staring at Sherlock stumbling around like a drunk man in the falling light.
John laughed, helping her out. "Not quite, little one. Couple more months and I'm sure you'll be terrorising us," he teased softly, lifting her up in the air above his head and then bringing her back down to blow on her stomach. "Be patient with it."
Sherlock looked up when he heard Hamish make a disgruntled noise at the bit of cake that was offered to him. He finished his cake quickly, picking up his small coat. "Here, he's probably going to be hungry soon. Should get him home," he hummed.
"There was another Alpha here, Sherlock. He walked in here, scented the place, and damn near killed you." John flexed his fingers, clenching and unclenching his fist. "How can I rest when I can't calm down?" An edge of helplessness slid into his voice, and he ducked his head and turned away, walking back into the living room to glare out of the window.
Sherlock glanced at John as he pulled out clothes, rolling onto his side as he heard John move into the kitchen.
Sherlock nodded once. "I'll follow behind, need to get dressed," he said.
John shook his head, linking his hand with Sherlock's. "They don't know how bad it is exactly, but it's not that bad," he promised. "I just know that I have a murmur right now, but it isn't consistent, so they think it's going to go away. I was lucky that the current found a way out of my body every time they shocked me, or I would have died, or been a lot worse off."
A woman around his age sat in the back, typing away on her BlackBerry. She looked up. "We're taking you to a hospital."
John. Every press of John's mouth to his skin left a burning warmth that almost seemed to spread through him.
John made a noncommittal noise, bunching his fingers in Sherlock's shirt, determined to keep him close. "You sleep too," he whispered, already starting to drift off. "Love you." He fell back asleep quickly, Sherlock's scent putting him at ease.
John wrapped his arms around Sherlock's neck, happy to finally be free of all of the IVs that had been hooked up to him. "It was a little tiring," he admitted, nuzzling against Sherlock's neck and inhaling his scent -- he had given the scarf back quite a while ago in order to keep Sherlock's scent on it. "But I have arm and sitting exercises that I'm supposed to be doing at home, which is going to be a pain in my arse, but if it gets me walking against, then I can't complain." He combed his fingers slowly through Sherlock's hair, enjoying the fact that it was just the two of them right then. "I love those kids, but I miss you, just you, sometimes too," he whispered, brushing his lips against Sherlock's.
Sherlock looked at the bedroom, stepping inside of it. He saw the small twin bed tucked in the corner and smiled, looking around and poking his head into it. He turned around, looking at the corner of the room that was empty. "I can just picture what can go there." he said, wrapping his arms around John's neck and kissing him softly.
"Sherlock..." John tried to protest, but he knew it was no use. He closed his eyes, the pain medication washing through him again. "They're gunna have... to see you 'ventually," he murmured, his eyes slowly closing. He reached for Sherlock's hand and squeezed it. "Take care of yourself," he murmured, rubbing his thumb over Sherlock's knuckles.
Watson, John Hamish. Sherlock couldn’t help but smirk at that. Impossible as it seemed, but the universe was rarely lazy, and this… “John Hamish Watson.” He said softly, the name falling on deaf ears as the human that lay before him was in far too deep of sleep, body repairing itself.
Sherlock became slightly less tense as the hand moved over his shoulders, and he leant his damp hair into John's stomach, unable to help from nuzzling against the soft jumper that smelled like him. He let out another breath. "D-don't mind this knit... as much now," he said quietly, voice wavering slightly.
John chuckled, nuzzling gently into Sherlock's curls as the Omega fell asleep.
It would last a minimum of two days, and Sherlock wasn't sure what would make him feel worse: being completely alone, or knowing that John's presence there meant he was missing his education to do what he loved. He wasn't used to feeling this conflicted about how another person felt; normally he didn't care.
Sherlock smiled a little, pressing a chaste kiss to John's mouth. "Least I can do," he murmured. "I'm not as warm now, you'd get cold," he said, tugging John gently over to the bed. "You need more sleep though; I can stay with you, wouldn't mind a thinking lie down," he said with a smile.
Sherlock curled up a little tighter when he felt the bed depress, swallowing thickly. "You forgot your pills," he mumbled quietly, tossing the bottle gently over his side to where John was – he'd pick-pocketed them from him.
Sherlock followed John up the stairs, watching him go down the hall to the bedroom. He sighed, waiting a little bit to give him space. While he did so, he grabbed the severed head from the fridge and shoved it into the sealed bag that Molly gave him. He then put it in a paper bag to cover it and stuck it back in the fridge. He couldn't just toss it out in the skip out back.
John held his hands up, “Easy, easy there…calm down,” he said, wishing his cane wasn’t on the ground, he had dropped it when the man slammed into him. He reached slowly into to his pocket, pulling out his wallet. “Just take it...” he said, knowing he wasn’t in much of a position where he stood.
Sherlock lifted his head up from where he'd been leaning on his hand. He blinked a few times, looking after John. He got up and walked into the kitchen, leaning on the table. "You should make a small bit extra," he murmured, sitting down.
He took another step towards the bed, his eyes locked on the battered Omega in the bed, lips tightening slightly at the sight.
Sherlock blinked a few times, finding it hard to think. "I don't know, whatever you want," he said, dipping down to nip gently at John's chest and neck, purring again. "Want you...please," he begged quietly, rocking forward a bit on John's hips. He rolled off of John, kissing down his chest, almost frantically.
Mrs Hudson nodded. "Of course, plenty of other colours: violent, chartreuse, a nice yellow," she said, looking at Sherlock. "May I?" she asked, holding out her arms.
Sherlock sighed, watching London pass by them, recognising some street names and remembering the maps he'd gone over in his spare time.
Sherlock winced, hissing in pain as the rubbing alcohol was put on his side. He groaned, setting his head firmly on the pillow, looking at Katherine again. She pushed herself up, scooting over to look at the stitches, completely not fazed by them. John's daughter too, it seemed.
Sherlock reached over and gave her hand a small squeeze. "Yes you are, Katty. Have to teach you exactly how Papa likes it. The secret is no sugar," he said with a knowing smirk towards John, remembering Baskerville.
jacket pocket. Non-drowsy ones." John pushed on Sherlock's shoulder. "For future reference, don't pick-pocket me." He skimmed his fingers up Sherlock's neck, tracing the shell of his ear and then twisting around a strand of his hair.
He gently pulled her fingers out of her mouth, only she moved them right back in, three this time instead of two. He sighed, smiling a little before turning to tend to John. He eased him back on the bed, sitting next to him, facing him and opening up the case. It looked all too familiar, a set of needles, only this time he was administering actual medicine to someone.
John snorted. "Fifteen hundred calories is five hundred less than what I ate before..." he waved his hand to encompass going to war.
Sherlock made a small noise, blinking his eyes open. "John?" he asked before his vision even focused. He swallowed thickly, blinking a few times again, seeing John holding the bundle. "John?" he said again, pushing himself up a little and adjusting his bed a fraction. "Is that... is she..?" He shook his head a little, still waking up. He'd just been holding her; what was going on?
"Mm... didn't wake you directly... s'not my fault," Sherlock said with a smirk, leaning back against John's chest. He turned the tap back on to fill the tub with warmer water, shutting it off when the tub was full again.
Sherlock swallowed thickly, wondering just what he'd been forced to take.
John shushed Sherlock gently, turning to kiss him properly. "I won't run from you anymore," he promised. He chuckled a little at the colours Sherlock mentioned. "Those don't really seem like us. How about silver and blue and shades of gold?" he offered, kissing up Sherlock's cheek.
Sherlock nodded silently, leaning into John's hand. He rubbed his stomach lightly, looking up at the ceiling. He sighed, hesitating before looking back at John. "Thank you," he said softly, looking at him gently.
John pulled hard at Sherlock's hair, moving his head and exposing his neck. He bit down on a straining tendon, sucking a painful bruise. He sped up his thrusts, pounding hard into Sherlock, taking control, making him his. Sherlock went limp under John when he bit at his neck, vulnerable and exposed, everything he hated when it wasn't John. But it was and he still felt so impossibly safe. He moaned softly, one of his hands slowly reaching towards his length, needing the friction, and he forgot to ask permission. John bit down harder, growling and pounding harder into Sherlock. He tasted blood, suckling on Sherlock's neck and lapping at the pinpricks of blood he had made. He felt his knot swell, pulling harder on Sherlock's hair, his nails digging into Sherlock's hip.
Sherlock swallowed thickly, following John along and sliding into the cab when John hailed it. He leant up close to John – almost one pm, five hours.
John furrowed his brow, stirring a little and pulling out of his sleep a few hours later. His internal clock told him that it was far past supper time, but he wasn't hungry. He sighed, blinking a little and looking down at the new needles inserted into his arm and hand. Morphine drip. Well, that would explain his sudden lack of pain. He turned to Sherlock, nuzzling into his hair and inhaling. "You didn't sleep," he murmured accusingly, kissing his temple.
John cupped Sherlock's cheek, turning his head until they were looking at each other. "You're fine, I promise," he whispered. "Don't worry about it."
Sherlock hummed. "’m working on it," he murmured quietly, looking at John. He saw his stitches and blinked a couple times. "You... got hurt," he said slowly. "What’s the point of taking..." he trailed off, mumbling incoherently but obviously annoyed in his drugged state, "...get hurt anyway?" he said.
"Best is really in terms of who can use it the best," Sherlock pointed out. "Though I haven't really had much experience with knives," he admitted. He scented John's neck a little, then nodded. "Alright then," he said.
The past few days since Sherlock came back alive from his 'fake death', John tried to act like it was ... nothing. Like it's just Sherlock being Sherlock with his love for being dramatic.
"We are gathered here today to witness the marriage of these two people and to celebrate the love they share.
"Having you both — it's like fated or destined ..." John whispered. Sherlock turned to look at his husband and smiled. He kissed John's lips softly and whispered. "Both."
lucky.” The man said. John grinned. “I’m hoping that luck won’t ran out yet."
“Hey,” John softly replies. He closes the curtains then walks to sit on his chair. He then tilts his head over the opposite chair for Sherlock to sit.
“I love you too, John…” Sherlock whispers against his lips. John marveled at the high he was feeling that Sherlock feels the same. “I tried dating others but it was always you.” Sherlock smiled sheepishly at him. Then it falters and a sad one replaces it.
The door opened showing Mrs Hudson smiling at them.
John smiled to the little droplets of rain starting to pour. Chances of it going strong works in his favor.
"I was hoping to help you. Looks like you're looking for something." He threaded carefully. The man eyed him silently. "I was a soldier. A former Captain of the Northumberland Fusiliers." John placated.
He comes home to Sherlock cradling Rosie while swaying her to sleep. But after those four agonising years, he decided to take a job from a different place. A small practice in Devon, and Sherlock was still there to support him. Sherlock was there to help them move in to a new flat. It wasn't much homy than Baker Street but it was enough for John and an occasional nanny when he needed to go to work. But their goodbyes with Sherlock that day marked the beginning of a change in Rosie. She cried so hard and almost pulled Sherlock's coat-sleeve of. She just won't let go of him. If not for Rosie's nanny, taking her away. Rosie smiled less, laughed less. There were instances when John found her looking in the driveway. Sherlock visiting before Christmas Eve and spending the day with them, were always the highlight of Rosie's year. Not even them paying Mary's graveyard a visit could top that.
John gave a terse nod. "Yes. I ... I actually wanted to talk to him... about uhm ... moving back?"
dramatic.
"Everyone's already at the hall. Are you alright?" She asked gently.
“Someone’s outside standing in front of your door.” Mike spoke in a grim voice.
"Are you alright to continue Mr Holmes?"
You murmured suddenly in my lips
The officiant took the floor again and asked for their expression of intent.
He ran as fast as he could under the rain towards the shed by the road. The bus would arrive soon. Unfortunately for him, he's already wet and dripping when he made it to the bus-stop.
A quiet sob escape his lips and he tried to cover it with his mouth. With a grieving heart, John closed his eyes. Some passersby touched him, asking him if he's alright in their language. But John couldn't care to listen. The music was the last straw.
"W-What?"
"Руке у вис!"
"Everything alright?" Mike asked from behind him. John turned to face Mike and found him eyeing him warily. "I heard a commotion..."
. A post break-up song. 💔
"You're missing me?" John asked Sherlock in a gentle voice. Love shone in John's eyes and she could say the same for Sherlock. Sherlock hasn't looked at anyone, the way he's looked at John.
John had to refrain himself from leaving a sarcastic remark and then calling this … this … insufferable man in his head with a Giant Dick nickname but yeah he thought otherwise.
The man swore like a sailor before staggering backwards holding his head. It easily recovered and ran ahead.
Before his husband could answer though, a little roar came on the background followed by Sherlock's pretend squeak. "Such huge ears you have dear Grandmum!" John chuckled as he listened intently while Sherlock and Rosie reenacted their daughter's favourite bedtime story, The Little Red Riding Hood.
"Oh, for fuck's sake — I do not whine! I'm frustrated!" John despite himself,
These were these moments of silence that followed after their bickering that had him emotional, sometimes.
"Is that okay ....?" He asked lazily, as Sherlock combed his fingers through his hair.
Sherlock's shoulder dropped and John felt like punching himself. Fuck, he was hurt alright. But he knows Sherlock too. However, what John went through, it has been too long, and the pain hasn't stopped.
Sherlock can be a child sometimes. She shook her head.
We burn like flames
"What are you doing here?" He asked, a bit surprised at his own measured voice. John was thankful his voice hadn't cracked with emotions. Because it's all coming back now, and he needs to stop it, before his own storm destroys him.
Sherlock's heart stopped.
Sherlock didn't say anything. But the man eyed him curiously before hesitantly reaching for the long fabric. John observed as the little touches of Sherlock's finger gradually became a palm running over the garment, and after that a small smile actually appeared on the man's lips. And for some unknown reason, John's heart skipped a beat.
When the sigh of our pleasure had you trembling and writhing?
'I think I'm in love with you, John'
Additional Tags: 221b ficlet, parent!lock, established relationship - husbands
Chapter Tags: Light Angst/Hurt/Comfort, Post Reichenbach, Soft Johnlock
The young man blushed again and nodded. "I ... I should get going. I still have my project to do... and some homeworks." Beautiful stranger said quietly.
In all the years John had been living with Sherlock, he noticed how attractive the man was. But Sherlock doesn't seem to be aware of it, or the man would only recognise how he looked, if it's for a case. —
When all of a sudden, the figure pinning the other to the wall raised a hand at the exact moment the moonlight illuminated the dark alley. John felt his feet move before he could even hear Greg calling him. The perp heard Greg's voice and looked up from strangling the figure by the wall to him.
At the thought of that night, John couldn't help but smile.
John looked around in surprise, as the flat looked like those restaurants that has fairy lights inside. Every furniture as has been pushed to the side. With the exception of a table and two chairs situated in the middle of the flat. The dinner for two setting was complete with a red rose in a vase and a candle. Somehow, John felt transported when he and Sherlock first ate in Angelo's.
Made way to a realisation
John chuckled, tiptoed and kissed Sherlock’s lips. “Yes, you will. It completes your fashion model look."
She was startled when the door banged open and heavy footsteps came down the stairs.
In all the years John had been living with Sherlock, he noticed how attractive the man was. But Sherlock doesn't seem to be aware of it, or the man would only recognise how he looked, if it's for a case. The man was in his own words, 'married to his work'. But Greg once told him that Sherlock has been called 'ugly' and 'freak', until now. Because of the longer contour of his face and his unusual coloured eyes.
The guy lets out little laugh and it was then that John notices the sad frown in Marcus' face.
But my heart, my love has already been yours
John nodded slowly, his eyes darting at the opaque liquid swirling inside the bowl and then to his boyfriend. Surely, what Sherlock cooked was edible? Right?
John clenches his fists, bowing down to take a deep breath before glancing at Sherlock. He felt the scowl in his face deepen, when he sees Marcus' face nuzzling the space between Sherlock's neck and collarbone (with a hint of a fucking tongue).
"Where's his coat?" John asks Marcus out loud who's standing there watching Sherlock with wide eyes as if Sherlock was a wild animal about to strike. "Marcus!"
John then let Rosie down standing beside his chair, before walking back at Sherlock's side.
“The both of you never left. For me. I always have you here.” Sherlock pointed to his temple, then placed a hand to his heart. And when Sherlock smiled softly in return at him, eyes filled with love and affection, John knew he found the one.
John looked over his shoulder and saw Sherlock clutching his robe in one hand and a torch in the other.
John swallows the lump on his throat when the raging disappointment over himself crashes around him. He should stop feeling this way.
Sherlock slowly walked towards him, stopping just inches away. John’s heart rate beat wildly against his chest as Sherlock leaned down making their breaths mingle.
"Hey," John greeted, with equal authority as he reached the man. He was a captain for fucks sake.
Later that evening as John inserted the key to the knob, and turned it open, he expected toys scattered everywhere. But what he saw instead melted his heart.
"Goodness! William! What in the love of God happened to you?! And who is this old man you're traveling with? Have you got no shame young man?! Parading that ugly and battered face of yours?! Lilian should learn about this! I'm going to—"
"I swear Sherlock, if I find one of my jumpers in your closet once again, I'm gonna put a lock on my own!" John shouted at the man who's in front of him, and currently making silly faces unbeknownst to the former.
Pulling out his phone, John scrolled to Sherlock's number and hit the call button.
He understood that though, who would want to visit and rekindled their friendship to someone who'd been a subject of the rumours of giving away confidential informations to the enemies, so they wouldn't kill him. So they would let him escape. He never did though. He was, still, the good soldier. What he did to escape the Talibans of Afghanistan were much ... personal. One he never held against his fellow soldiers but to the higher ups. He was pulled into reminiscing when the old but familiar bright smile of his friend Mike greeted him from the opened door, and that same smile vanishing when Mike's pair of beady green eyes found his.
He sighed eyeing the four year old toddler. Rosie blinked at him then turned her head away to curiously look around. Slowly, Sherlock got up and snatched the spoon from Rosie's hand with a speed of a martial artist. Unbeknownst of the clump of cereal on the floor in which he step into.
An important one in Chinese cuisine. A teaspoon of soy sauce. That's why he couldn't taste any saltiness in the soup.
Of course. Why was he even feeling skeptical about this? Love won. They suffered enough but they survived. He was enough. He was worthy. He looked up and smiled at Molly. "Thank you, Molly."
John blinked at his aunt, not really understanding what she had said. But he nodded. “Yes, auntie.”
So, John planned to boost Sherlock's self confidence. To show Sherlock that he should be aware of how really good looking he was — in John's eyes.
"You said you were a soldier." Greg murmured.
It seemed as though Sherlock missed an ingredient.
John grinned and nodded as he excused himself to climb up the familiar flight of stairs to the chance he’s going to take. And a huge decision he’s going to make.
"But not just a soldier?"
Against the crook of your neck my words falter
I whisper against your closed eyelids
"Yours — 29 Jan 2010 ad infinitum," Sherlock whispered softly and yet against the soaring music, and the continuous applause, John felt and heard Sherlock's voice as if they were all alone.
Sherlock shut his eyes tight, and took a deep breath. But before he could even speak, he felt John's warm palm caressing his cheek.
I held unto your wrists
But what he didn't expect was finding Mycroft in his parents' doorsteps that fateful day of September with a bunch of MI6 agents behind him.
John opened and closed his mouth. They did. Not just once. And certainly not just Valentine’s Day. But it is that day is it?
Mrs Hudson's eyes shone with unshed tears as she covered her mouth with both of her hands.
“No, it won’t.” He agrees. “Because I won’t let that happen, Sherlock. Not if I can prevent it.”
THE END
It was almost an hour when Rosie tugged at her arm. "Dad?"
Suddenly, he choked in a half laugh and half sob. No, he just didn't like Sherlock. He's bloody in love with him. The peace that coursed through his system made John able to
The door was slightly ajar when John reached the top of the stairs. But he still knocked even though he'd known by now that Sherlock wouldn't even hear him.
He stood in front of John, gripped the man’s biceps until he got his attention before leaning down for a soft peck on the lips.
"Now, do you, the family and friends of John and Sherlock give them your support today and wish them a wonderful life together?"
"Cher, you got us caught. You silly girl."
John smiled. "And to you, as well ... sweetheart. I felt every emotion of your song. So, I wanted to say thank you for that as well."
That's all I heard from you
And the way your grip tightens at the back of my head
For some reason, John's feet gravitated to the crowd. Slowly, his steps took him in one of the empty spaces where everyone was silently watching the violinist.
That moment, John looked at him with a soft smile, as they both replied. "I will.”
But before he could even reach that peak, a loud thud from behind him followed by an inhuman howl distracted him enough to get a grip of reality.
THE END
The half cup of tea
John was asked by Sherlock to accompany him on a date, when a life threatening situation occurred and made him realise
Oh, God.
Fragile as glass
••••••
The young girl bit her lower lip and John could see the worry forming in his daughter's blue eyes. "Can we go back now?" Rosie replied quietly. "Back to Baker Street? Sherl looks sad when we're not there. Nana Martha said, Sherl really looked really sad when we moved out. I don't want him to be alone, Dad. He's been alone since he was a child."
"What?" He asks in confusion.
The two of them were left at 221b as John had to work at the clinic. It's a blessing that he doesn't have a case to work on or this would be a very different day. He looked at the clock and it was five in the afternoon. John would be home soon.
A scuffle followed by a grunt made them turn to the darker part of the alley. Two shadows by the wall faintly illuminated by the sliver of moonlight barely passing through the cloudy sky made John's heartbeat grow erratic.
"It's alright. Just be careful next time."
Then you replied, "Mine, until the very end."
Sherlock eyed him, then smiled.
John.
"Hi,"
John glanced at Greg. "I was an army doctor. A surgeon." A damn good one. But he doesn't really want to talk about it. And the older man might've known that.
The old woman stared at him slack jawed with a frown on her wrinkled face.
"You bought me a gift?" Sherlock asked him later over their Valentine's dinner date.
thigh. And when Sherlock leaned in and grazed his teeth over his ear, he was done. He came with a grunt followed by a curse.
"Freeman," John said through the com.
He shouldn't let himself got carried away when Sherlock practically begs him to accompany him to this ... date yesterday afternoon. He was content in reading the comments from his blog and organising his drafts. But he took pity in Sherlock's pleading voice. When he asked Sherlock what he would do while he was on a date, the man just shrugged and murmured something about the place being Marcus' restaurant and the guy's sister is a chef in it.
Okay. Deep breath. Sherlock was attractive. The way his mind works. The way his mind lights up when there's a case of 9 in his scale. He's practically buzzing like a bee. And John got sucked into the zone that was Sherlock Holmes. But Sherlock was more than his mind and his looks. He personally prefer Sherlock with his violin. The instrument is like an extension of his complicated yet intricate soul. John closed his eyes and imagined Sherlock with him, in their safe space, in the living room of 221b playing his favourite Bach —
John's vow said. John just said that. John.
John felt the tears spill from his eyes and ran down his cheeks. Rosie has grown to be a smart, compassionate and open-minded kid.
Additional Tags: Establish Relationship - Husbands, Sexy times, Foreplay, Kissing, frottage, Frottage is art asdfghjkl—, 221b ficlet
The medical aspect of this work was based online from UK Health agencies and sites. I do not have a professional medical beta for this (as much as I've been dying to consult Doc J). This is a two, Sherlock would be bored. Aha. So the bloody mistakes are all definitely missed words by me. I apologise. 💔
"I know you heard what I said that last time, Sherlock."
Sherlock moans beside him and John immediately administers the first dose in the middle of Sherlock's thigh. He removes his jacket, folding it, and carefully lays Sherlock on the floor while Marcus places his jacket beneath Sherlock's head.
Will you handle it with care?
"John..."
Additional Tags: Mrs Hudson's POV, Established John and Sherlock, Boyfriends, John's infamous jumpers, no baby elephants were harmed in this fic, Sherlock's secret, John and Sherlock are perfect for each other, Informal writing
'Thank you for loving me, John. I am honoured that you chose me to love. Thank you for waiting for me, despite the hurt I caused you.' Sherlock's  whisper was so low, if John wasn't really listening. He wouldn't have been able to hear it.
Greg nodded weakly running a hand over his face.
He could never forget Sherlock Holmes, even if he wanted to. His mind could, maybe, in time, be able to lock that memory out. But his heart, his heart could never. For a heart who
"I … I have no idea. It was a new recipe and I trusted my sister to..."
I knew then you were telling the truth
Additional Tags: Sherlock cooked for John, Domestic Life at 221b, 221b ficlet, Established Relationship - Boyfriends
John then left the school, his fingers subconsciously touching his lips from time to time, imagining the ghost of the other and if he'll ever have the chance of feeling them once more.
He already knew what Sherlock was gonna say, and he sure as hell won't complain.
When Sherlock had thrown John and Rosie out of 221 flat when on visit, and advised them to take a 'walk in the park', literally, John already had his suspicions. Sherlock was up to something. He sent a text to Greg as they turned the corner, with his ten year old trailing behind him, inquiring if Sherlock had a case, in which the man replied there wasn't. When they reached the park, Rosie played around while he talked to Greg about the potential cases they'll plan on showing Sherlock.
John should forget. This pain should've gone on. He took a deep breath and released it.
“I bet you are.” John murmured in reply. His eyes locked with the man. “I’m John Watson by the way. And uhm … Thank you for … saving my friend.” Then he added softly. “And saving my life." He hesitated. "Will I … ever see you again someday?”
When John woke up, he was in his hotel room. He felt warmer with his jumper and track pants that he couldn't remember owning. But he wouldn't complain, he felt comfortable. This long-week vacation could've gone okay without him passing out on someone though. Maybe it was the exhaustion. Emotionally, mentally and physically. He went to kill the lamp when he suddenly noticed a paper tucked under his phone. There, scrawled in its usual penmanship,  is Sherlock's note.
"Shouldn't we date first, sweetheart?"
The officiant asked Sherlock softly.
"John, you do remember I do not have enough data to compare with?"
"Mmm?"
Those words he repeated over and over again, as he brushed a soft kiss over Sherlock's forehead, his cheeks, the corner of his lips, his jaw, his collarbone. And when their lips met for the very first time, John took his time. He swallowed his name from Sherlock's lips. He took Sherlock's every moan and gasp. Every sound that Sherlock made while he sealed his promise. To make Sherlock feel the kind of
When Sherlock kissed him, they never closed their eyes. And it was like the meeting of the heavens and the sea.
Arms flailing Sherlock caught Rosie's plate before accidentally throwing it in the air as he landed flat on his back on the floor while the cereal decorated his hair.
Close your eyes and feel its beat
"You could've asked him you know? I almost—" John backtracks before clearing his throat." we, almost lost him."
Be careful not to part your fingers
Accurate except for the oblivious
"Nothing worth arguing about, Mrs. Hudson. Really. We're sorry—" John countered.
"Hold up!" John exclaimed. He was seething.
When the man relayed that the
Two months after the incident, John had started to receive weird messages on his phone from an unknown number. It was just a simple 'Hello. Is this Doctor Watson?' at first, and John replied politely to that. No one texted back though. Thinking it was a referred patient asking about him, he saved the number. Then he went on to live his monotonous life of wake up, shower, eat, work, sleep repeat. He had forgotten of the unknown number until one day when he hasn't gone to work, he received a message again.
at him. And he knew that Sherlock
in her wobbly legs, Sherlock's breath caught. She sometimes stumbled but eventually she made it in front of them. Sherlock kneeled beside John as Rosie watched them both. She then laughed and touched a hand over his knee and then John's. Choosing both of them, instead of just one. And Sherlock thought, he was right where he belonged.
After five minutes, John gives the second dose. He murmurs his gratitude to the ladies who's husbands were his patients and then vowed to replace the doses.
'The stretch of Aegean sea mimics your eyes.' Sherlock's deep baritone voice suddenly pulls him out of his own memory lane. 'Just by looking at it, I remember the feeling of drowning from the very first time we met. As if my mind palace had floodgates, and yet there wasn't a flood. But there was only you, looking at me.'
The pride and excitement in John's voice couldn't be more mistaken. But when he didn't replied, John's smile begun to fade.
It was only then that he moved from his spot and turned around. To his right, a circle of crowd surrounding the performer gather around.
But he needed to tell John. He vowed never to keep anything from him. Licking his dry lips, he released a nervous breath. He had to try.
Collides with my own blues
The voice said.
“Mike!” John exclaimed in panic.
John nodded flashing Mike a genuine smile. "Of course. I just slipped."
"Luckily for you, I don't mind a handsome company." John smirked when a clatter of china in between coughs sounded from the other line.
At first, John thought it was ridiculous, Sherlock was being ridiculous. He couldn't help but felt abandoned in all of it. For two years he grieved for what? For two years his whole world got shattered. Once he thought he was finally living in colours and then all of a sudden, he's gone black again. Hence, the silent treatment. That's all he could give Sherlock at the moment. Make the man suffer by letting the elephant in the room to stomp in their chests. Because that's what this was it, wasn't it? Because John had accepted it. For the love of God he accepted it. He likes Sherlock Holmes — probably more than that. When Sherlock was
John stared at the nameplate hanging on the wooden door and grinned.
still hurting. For a week , he tried to act normal. After all, Sherlock explained what really happened when Moriarty cornered him at Bart's rooftop. That he needed John to
John and Sherlock have you come here freely and without reservation to give yourselves to each other in marriage?"
"Well? What is it this time, Sherlock?"
There was a crackle of static before the agent answered. "Sir,"
John gave a terse nod. He listened carefully as the inspector relayed the information as far as he's allowed. So apparently, this part-time assistant was a 21 year old male and still in college. They were supposed to meet at the bar but the guy won't answer the text messages now. They were currently working at a multiple murder case, possible serial killing case. It must be inappropriate, but suddenly, John felt alive.
"Alright. If you want to." Sherlock murmured in reply.
as you part your lips
Now, John’s nearly there. Just a little push of his pelvis against the man’s legs and he’d be done.
A ship with no sail, unafraid of the sea
"Need a lift, Dr Watson?" Mycroft in his pristine all-black suit and tie casually drawled. He should feel mad towards this man too, he did at one point and would be sometime later, but there's somewhere he needed to be.
"I love you so much." John whispered. "One step at a time, Sherlock. And I vow to be with you, in each and every one of them." John murmured against his hair. The pain in Sherlock's heart dissipated as he melted in John's warmth.
Love is perhaps the greatest gift life gives us. Love gives hope, joy, comfort, and security. Love helps us grow and allows us to move forward in life with support and nurturing.
Additional Tags: Johnlock poetry, John's POV, first meeting
And all he could do was listen to her words, as she continue to remove the imaginary nails where John locked himself in. As she continue to free him from his own demons, just like Sherlock did.
Additional Tags: Established Relationship, AU, Soft Johnlock
John place the ring on Sherlock's finger, saying 'I give you this ring as a sign of my love'."
When the giving of rings came next John breathed out a sigh and hopefully all the negative thoughts that almost claimed him earlier when Sherlock collapsed in front of him. Sherlock hasn't had an attack for a long while, until now. And John silently blamed himself for that. Maybe he shouldn't have surprised Sherlock at all. Maybe Sherlock's emotions from the secrecy he made Greg swore into as he asked the favour to get his fiancé to the hall from Baker Street has triggered a flashback. It didn't helped that Greg came back telling him that Sherlock hadn't believed. He almost gave up. To hell with the preparations he made for two days. Nor the shame he would've gone through if Sherlock hadn't arrived. John can just choke it all up and tell everyone that he forgot the date of their wedding day. That it was really scheduled for Valentine's. But then Mycroft saved the day. And here they are.
John bit his lower lip as he laid the spoon down. He had to think of something. But of course, the man before him weren't called a detective for nothing.
John watches as Sherlock settles across from him. Both hands fidgeting as if he wants to be anywhere but not in front of him.
Sherlock regards him warily. And that’s when John finally understood. Sherlock has taken a step towards him. Now, it’s his turn. There’s no going back. He must soldier on to face his feelings.
He lost track of time as John told him about the new member of their little family while he listened eagerly. Laughters and a bit of tears and soft murmurs of apologies afterwards, they talked about what happened earlier, and what triggered Sherlock's delusions. Then in the comfort of their bed, they decided to go into therapy the next morning.
Surge of emotions drowns me
It was
Sherlock gasped. "Mrs Hudson—"
And just like that, the heaven vanished.
"Hello?" John answered.
A few minutes passed before John heard the man reply.
John stood up and grinned at Sherlock.
I trail the four letter word with my tongue
The man stared at him before letting out a long-suffering sigh.
THE END
"We're besties now aren't we?" Molly asked then she chuckled at his confused expression. "I meant friends. That's how the younger generation nowadays — anyway, let's go?"
THE END
"Will you love and honor each other as partners for the rest of your lives?"
The man gasped from the other line.
"Let's look outside." He decided then turned towards the back door exit, the inspector following him behind. His senses sharpened when darkness welcomed them as he opened the back door. Greg held an arm and the detective pulled out his service gun, safety mechanism off, walking outside first.
A woman shouts from the other end of the restaurant, while another woman runs to get it and hands them to John.
of me this morning." Sherlock wiggled his eyebrows up and down making John laugh. Christ, he really loved the man. Until now he couldn't believe Sherlock was finally his. They've come a long way to have this.
“Hang on, love. You’re going to be okay. I’m just right here.” John murmurs for only Sherlock to hear. Sherlock’s unfocused gaze searches for him but John couldn’t take back that slip of tongue.
"She apologised for calling you. But I told her it's alright. Because I did not intent to keep the developments a secret from you. The adoption papers is a go. Rosie will become a big sister to a baby brother. They approved the application, Sherlock."
John looked at him expectantly. Ocean blue eyes fixed on him and Sherlock was suddenly transported into that dreadful moment a few years ago when he was standing up at St. Bart's rooftop, when he said those words to John.
"Really my lucky day." John grinned to himself as he picked up the black wallet, and hid it inside his suit jacket. He'll inspect it later. For now, the boss of Silver Cross Traders Inc. was needed.
Sherlock felt his breath caught. He felt nauseous, dizzy, all at once everything spun. The floor crumbled and Sherlock reached the ground. Like how he watched another corpse fell from a window and then to the pavement, being mourned by John. Tears formed in Sherlock's eyes, his throat went dry. Suddenly, he's not in anyone's wedding. Instead, he was back at Bart's. His mind trying to grasp what's false and what's real. heart beating fast against his chest, he watched as John reached out to touch the corpse's pulse and watched as what he did brought John to the same shell his beloved once was. He can't do that again.
A tall figure with raven curls streaked with greying hair, almost looking like dancing and gliding with his violin, tucked in the crook of his pale neck. John would know that neck
"Weren't you supposed to have ... uh ... backups?" John asked quietly.
An affectionate chuckle was Sherlock's reply. "We miss you too. But my behind still protests, Sir."
"I miss you. I miss you so much." He whispered. "Why should it hurt like this so much? It's been so long. Why can't I just forget you and be able to move on?"
"Hi!" An unfamiliar voice answered. A woman's. "I'm looking for ... John Watson?"
John closed his eyes feeling his lips curve into a smile.
John released a yawn as he stretched his legs from his seat after sleeping almost the whole duration of the last connecting flight to reach their destination. Christ, he was so knackered. There was a phantom ache on his right shoulder, but one he consider a 'good ache' as his husband's head was leaning comfortably against it. Greg used to tease him before he and Sherlock got involved, that Sherlock always finds a way to sleep easily against his shoulder, despite their height difference when the exhaustion caught up to them. Whether it was from joint stakeouts or running around London chasing criminals. Back then, he used to think nothing about it. He was just glad that Sherlock was able to sleep. He was just glad nothing had changed between the two of them. Specially now, that they're newly married and on their way to their week-long honeymoon in Santorini, Greece. John vowed not to miss the little things they used to do before. It was among of his wedding vows he promised to Sherlock along with his forever love—nothing would change in between them except for the things they had to work out. The issues they need to talk about. And of course, there are those ... uhm .. sexy times. John coughed when he felt his cheeks warm where his thoughts went.
"Boss, the Crows found one of the couriers." Phil voice said from the other line.
The half-eaten food
A 221b ficlet. 221 words with the last word starts with letter 'b'.
The road back to Baker Street seemed long, despite for being gone just two hours and from a walking distance. Rosie held his hand, swaying it while they walk. John took a deep breath then let it out. Obviously, Rosie noticed it.
“Whatever happens, I am so irrevocably in love with you.” John closes his eyes because he didn’t want to see Sherlock’s reaction. That someone like him had been in … but his thoughts stop when Sherlock’s firm hand squeezes the back of his neck. Opening his eyes, he sees Sherlock beaming at him, and then the next, he has a lap full of consulting detective kissing the life out of him. John returns the kiss with all the fervour of emotions he's feeling from the beginning. That when they parted, both were sporting the evidence of said emotions poured into each other's kiss.
That had been a mistake. He had known it all along, before, during and after the wedding. There was so much regret attached to that memory that it made it difficult to revisit. He seldom did, because what was done was done and he couldn’t change it anyway.
“There is normally a two-year vetting process to even get considered for a position at the research facility but it could of course be arranged to accommodate you within a couple of months if you choose to accept this offer first and manage to keep my brother under your watchful eye for the duration of time that this service is needed. He is engaged to be married within four months and after the wedding his husband will most likely pick someone of his own choice for the job and you will be free to do as you please.”
“I asked if you were enjoying the view?”
Still pragmatic, but with a touch of ice in his tone now.
Mycroft thought of the silhouette of his brother against the dark window in the library. He had never seen his face properly.
How could he have been asleep in the first place, he didn’t even remember going to bed? Yet here he was, feeling more powerless than he usually felt when lying in here, caught by the element of a surprise and unable to grasp anything beyond the sense of danger surrounding him.
It was only 2 A.M.
“Why wasn’t I told earlier?”
Facing the empty space on the wall where the painting had previously been hanging, he suddenly caught sight of something completely unexpected and as if struck by a sharp jolt of electricity, his heart made a startling leap and his eyes widened as he stared at what had been hidden behind that painting all along.
Mycroft wondered if it was Dr Watson or someone from the medical team that had caused the bruises. The doctor had seemed calm enough in Mycroft’s presence even during such unusual circumstances, danger apparently made him stoic for some reason, so likely this was the cause of some slightly inexperienced staff member from the ambulance or from the hospital.
There is clearly something he isn’t telling John.
They were selfish and independent and cared mostly for themselves without much need for human care.
He seated himself comfortably into the armchair and crossed one leg over the other as he contemplated the room’s other occupant seated behind the desk.
Eventually, after what felt like a never-ending journey through hell, with smell of urine, vomit and deep-frying oil from leftover chips attacking his nostrils as he sat opposite a scantily clad couple making out, leaving nothing to the imagination, he had managed to get a cab to take him the remaining route home and once arrived he had stumbled to bed, clothes still on and slept within minutes.
Hopefully.
It was easy to deduce that Magnussen’s driver was probably standing guard at the front, preventing him from using that exit, so the bathroom actually seemed the likeliest option.
“I’m hardly the only one who benefits from going through with this!”
The manor itself was just like what it looked like from the outside.
This was normally Sherlock’s role, playing the erratic one, but they were all doomed to act out of their comfort zones tonight apparently.
Although he held no special regard for John Watson, in reality thinking the man a bit of a nuisance and actually marvelled about what it was that had intrigued Sherlock enough to embark on a relationship with him, Mycroft was still happy that Sherlock, occasionally at least, tried to rein in his more high-strung impulses on account of the doctor and anyone helping Mycroft with preventing Sherlock from running straight into disaster, at least deserved some semblance of credit.
Sherlock was bent over his microscope when there was a sharp knock on the door, Mycroft knew this despite not being able to see him, as his brother had been glued to that very spot for the past two days.
Sherlock, with every menial little task that had to do with everything from housekeeping to laundry and keeping them at least remotely fed -  she definitely knew, had seen it from the very beginning.
“For no other reason than to make sure that the situation is perfectly clear for all parties concerned. I know that Sherlock might present a temptation to those who see him, which is understandable, as he is an exceptionally beautiful man after all. Jealousy though, is unfortunately a personality trait of mine, so when I see a potential threat that needs to be put straight I take it upon myself to do so.”
And if John Watson was sleeping this heavily while his brother had gone off on his own, it smelled like a setup, fitting very well with the cunning nature of his brother.
“I don’t confess to know the whole truth about what happened after I left the other night, you were gone when I returned and my brother hasn’t given me a satisfying explanation for your departure, but I’m assuming it had to do with the discovery of his drug abuse, your surprise when finding out was very telling, your displeasure even more so.”
John chuckled but then stopped abruptly when he realised that Sherlock wasn’t joking.
John could hear voices in the background and strained his ears to hear what they were saying, but just as he was about to open his mouth to ask Mycroft what was happening, the line went dead.
“I’m hardly going to say it to his face, am I? But if I spot the brother later during the evening, I might even have a go at him myself. He looks like someone how would appreciate a little fun.”
She wasn’t completely wrong on that account but not for the reasons she assumed. Harry had been openly gay since the age of thirteen and was by now so deeply buried in alcoholism that finding anyone willing to date her would be inconceivable.
As he had put the shore behind him, he almost expected to see the shadowy figure to be back, standing on the lawn, illuminated by the moonlight, gun once more aimed at his approaching body. But to his relief, no one was there.
The question was, how was he going to help Sherlock if he had no idea where he was?
Sherlock looked away, a hint of defeat in his eyes.
Done with watching himself put on a cringe-worthy performance, he switches to another camera, a live-feed version this time.
“As I said: not worthy of my concern. Something we should be talking about instead is what you’re going to put in your report. Mycroft is expecting something to read when he gets back and I highly doubt shagging in his bed is going to cut it when it comes to information he wants to to take part of.”
“Do as you please. But pride will earn you nothing but discomfort, you look decidedly worn and could probably benefit from some refreshments and a comfortable chair. But I suppose I’m seeing that feisty army man I met on the first night of our acquaintance. Inspiring to see that part of you has not been extinguished along the way, it has been a long and arduous journey after all.”
“Yes, he seems to be experiencing some aversion to his bedroom,” John mumbled before he realised what he had said.
He had seen similar marks like that before, if not this particular version and as the operator kept asking him questions about the state of the patient, he cut through the flow of words, informing her that it looked like it could be caused by the sting of a wasp or possibly a bee and that this most likely was an anaphylactic shock.
Why did people feel the need to share everything these days? Was there nothing called privacy left in the world?
But there are other critical pieces still missing that he yet is unable to see, and he is beginning to tire of Mycroft trying to keep things from him, preventing him from getting a better view of events.
It was staring at him from the bottom of the floor, seemingly ripped off from its original place on the shirt front by the looks of it and John felt his body go cold as the realisation hit him.
But the jittery man holding the jar did not move, clearly waiting for his employer to give him direct orders if he was to do anything and anger flared in Sherlock’s eyes when Mycroft remained impassive.
No use spending time speculating, events would unfold in either direction and he was uncomfortably aware that he was unable to do anything about it.
He reached his hands out towards the flames, losing himself in thoughts of how gratifying it would feel to put a dent in the glistening career of the man who was The British Government.
he thought, despite recognising the absurdity of that word, because Sherlock was still chained to Magnussen’s bed and he was bloody
Mycroft walked through the dark hallway and then down the stairs.
A person John wasn’t only infatuated with anymore but actually loved, deeply, wholeheartedly and without doubt.
The impact of that realisation gutted him and he turned his head away from the ruined painting to prevent himself from even further reminders.
And what reason does he have for being agitated?
But just as he allowed himself the luxury of oxygen to fill his lungs once more, he felt a distinct pain pierce his hand and this time no amount of effort could hold back the cry of both fear and pain that escaped him as he felt the snake’s fangs dig deeper into his skin, pumping venom into his bloodstream while doing so.
“None of your business, stop trying to sway from answering my question,” Mycroft answered coldly, not willing to rise to the bait. But naturally Sherlock was not willing to let it go. In a contemplating manner he tilted his head to the side.
He soon fell asleep again and slipped in and out of a dreamlike state where images of last night had played before his eyes in a never-ending loop in what felt like hours until he had finally woken up properly and felt rested enough to struggle against the desire to succumb yet again to slumber.
Good. Not that it mattered, an audience would not have made any difference, but this was after all for Magnussen’s benefit and it felt befitting that he was the only one witnessing this.
Leaning over him, the unexpected sight of Mycroft in a taupe-coloured pyjama, a heavy dressing gown of the same colour and slippers on his feet, looming over his younger brother, his hands firmly holding one of Sherlock’s limp ones while he looked the very epitome of worry, caught John by surprise.
By the small table next to the bed a large bouquet of red roses were placed in a vase and Mycroft couldn’t help but wonder where they had come from as he had not mentioned to anyone that Sherlock had been admitted. It had not seemed relevant to worry others about the situation when he was getting home so early anyway, not even his fiancé who was currently away on some business trip and did not need the distraction on account of something so trivial as a wasp sting, however close to lethal that sting had actually turned out to be.
It hadn’t been expressed in as many words that the information about their status was now official, but people apparently had a knack for figuring things out anyway.
John was beginning to realise that a wasp sting hardly was the most dangerous thing that had happened to him, even if the severity of his reaction had been bad enough. John couldn’t help but feel a bit curious about who this person actually was and what Mycroft considered to be such reckless behaviour.
“Yes, Sir. Doctor Watson is still in the flat. We haven’t seen movements through the window in a while, but the angle isn’t that great, he could be in front of the telly, or up in his own room. But he has not left the flat since you left, Sir.”
Sherlock had reacted badly to the taunt and had lashed out, trying to inflict some physical damage to the man, but all it had earned him was a gruesome retaliation the next time Magnussen came by.
? He bloody drugged me! There will be more than words, I assure you. He’s going to regret ever having been born!”
And if it would get him closer to find that mysterious vault, who knew what Sherlock was willing to do to achieve it?
Sherlock held no illusions about being the only one Magnussen wanted to engage with sexually, and he could easily be replaced if the interest waned. But he suspected that Magnussen seldom was refused what he wanted and that the sort of sexual acts that turned the other man on wasn’t of the normal variety.
“That’s a bit..unusual....” John began but was immediately cut off.
When his mind was sufficiently awake, his eyes immediately roamed the darkness of the room for the familiar form of his brother and a very well-acquainted feeling of nervousness hit him when failing to locate him.
Then he broke down and wept.
Ignoring what it was his brother had been investigating, Mycroft cut straight to the point.
There were dark crusts on Sherlock’s lips and there was an incessant twitching beneath the coverlet, assumingly from his hands that were hidden underneath.
“Why such aggression? Jealousy does not become you, Dr Watson.”
A tentative sip was followed by a bigger swallow just to appease the man who wouldn’t leave until he had complied. Not until half the content was downed did it satisfy enough for the man to depart, clearly pleased with John’s obedience.
“Not others brother dear, just you and me.”
He needed Magnussen to take him to Dr Roylott after all. Whatever retaliation his mind could conjure up in the meantime, it would have to wait until afterwards, when Sherlock was back safe and sound.
But facts were facts and John Watson was a man who had more than a soft spot for his flatmate and therefor, Mycroft didn’t like him.
John shot him an angry glare.
As he had found Sherlock lounging in one of the smaller rooms on the second floor, a book in his hands, still casually dressed in one of his many dressing gowns, John told him about his conversation with Mycroft.
Mycroft refrained from pinching the bridge of his nose while he gave his driver the order to take them to Baker Street. This felt like the beginning of something that had already been quite a terrible evening.
An image quickly flashed through his head of Mycroft and Sherlock as children, Sherlock wielding a scalpel, Mycroft impecabbly dressed in a school uniform, horror in his eyes as he tried to escape on chubby legs, while their parents like the upper-class couple John presumed them to be, where sipping tea in the parlour, far away from their combative offspring.
Languidly reclining in a brown leather armchair, legs crossed, hands on armrests, staring straight into the camera, features severe and eyes dark, almost hooded beneath those long lashes.
For a quick moment he saw another figure in the shadows behind John, moving towards them, but then his body couldn’t manage to keep his strength up any further and despite his wish to keep looking up at John’s comfortingly familiar features, he felt his eyes slowly close and he lost consciousness once more.
With a wave of horror hitting him forcefully when hearing this, John couldn’t help but lash out.
Mycroft never had mastered the gift of flowery ways of expressing himself, he was too proud, cold and inexperienced in that field and his brother was equally unable to respond in such a fashion. Therefor it was easier to just send texts that contained what he wanted to say.
Magnussen let out a sarcastic little laugh.
He tried to recall the last phrases that had been exchanged between them but frankly struggled, he had been busy preparing for today’s meeting, searching information online while planning ahead. Sherlock vaguely remembered John leaving to go upstairs, but as he had made a call to the man playing the delivery man, no less than 5 minutes later, he hadn’t really focused on John’s whereabouts after that, assuming that he had simply gone to bed.
He didn’t care if Sherlock loved Victor or not, if this had only been a game the entire time to stave off some childish boredom, he was not going to take another second of it.
It was the beginning of May. Two weeks before his wedding to Mary.
“I know. He is unravelling even more by every passing minute.”
He stares at the brothers staring at each other on the screen, immovable, and he contemplates pushing the forward button when Mycroft suddenly rises from his chair and begins to take a step forward, towards Sherlock.
And despite the very daunting realisation that this was how he actually felt, a certain warmth spread inside his chest when he looked at the other man while still trying to look stern, knowing deep down that when this business with Magnussen was all over and done with, he would want nothing more than put his arms around Sherlock and never let go.
Maybe he should just have allowed Mycroft to go on his pointless goose chase without him.
Victor looked very pleased.
As they walked over to the office, John wondered who was demanding his presence at this hour in the morning. He was about to meet Sherlock later tonight so surely not him. Besides, Sherlock wouldn’t be this blunt about it, especially not now when they were supposed to have fallen out.
Instead he addressed the window when he spoke.
And hand reached out and pressed the reply button on the surprisingly old-fashioned intercom.
************
Magnussen remained by the door for a moment to take in the view presented to him. Then a predatory smile broke out upon his lips and his tongue slowly emerged to wet his upper lip in an obvious display of appreciation before he stepped inside the room and softly closed the door behind him.
“Listen. As soon as the bastard who is you boss returns, I will be having some pretty strong words with him about this. But in the meantime, you will get the hell out of this room right now, not a sound, just scuttle off and I will be the one in charge of looking through the rest of the footage from now on!”
“We can do the examination in here. Not that you’ll find anything beyond a perfectly healthy man of 27 but I guess you still have to write that report to Mycroft so we might just as well get on with it.”
The mention of intel could certainly imply that Mycroft’s issue might perhaps be staff-related, but why this unorthodox behaviour?
“Well. The reason why I know he isn’t with Magnussen is because the man himself told me so. Together we have managed to come up with a clue though, and even if I normally wouldn’t bother chasing after my brother on one of his hairbrained schemes, I had to consider that Magnussen is now a more active participant in this game than what we initially realised, and he also is very interested in locating Sherlock now that he knows a little more about where he went tonight, so I might think it is in our best interest to join him. “
he actually here?”
It had frankly sounded like an excuse to go mudlarking during a time of the day when John much preferred the comfort and warmth of his own home, a microwaved ready to eat-Tikka Masala and the latest episode of “Taskmaster” on the telly.
Seeing the man now made him suddenly aware of it again.
“Hardly. I’m not sure the Prime minister would want to pay us a visit, he doesn’t seem the type to get involved in anything his brain can’t wrap itself around. Very few would be able to grasp what exactly it is that we do in here.”
Sherlock had merely snorted at this, but not persisted by asking more questions for now. John was going to make sure that no more questions were going to be asked later either.
John interrupted him before he had the chance to continue.
His concern had mostly been about Sherlock and Magnussen, the treat of Victor had somehow fallen into the back of his mind during the course of their planning. Suddenly he realised the idiocy of sending Victor that letter about Magnussen’s betrayal, recognising the mistake he had made and how terribly wrong things could have gone last night on account of it.
“Fine. If you think I won’t succeed with this quite boring case you have thrown into my lap, then you can very well deal with it yourself. It’s not as if Magnussen is the most exciting criminal I ever encountered. In fact, it could be argued that he isn’t really a criminal at all, merely a media mogul with a morally corrupt way of conducting his business, and he is hardly the only one being attributed with that trait. The way you use the word
Now there was a supple opportunity for new leverage depending on what the doctor had to offer him. The downside to it was that considering recent developments Dr Watson’s contributions could turn out to be useless if Sherlock was no longer available as a pressure point in the game.
“Oh, he is definitely still in fighting form, don’t you worry about that,” John grumbled, his eyes narrowing.
John wasn’t even remotely interested in spending another second in his presence and he wondered how Sherlock had ever been able to bare it.
Sherlock rolled his eyes and let out a histrionic sigh, as if these words were nothing but empty threats and John felt his blood boil at the sight of it. The nerve to act flippant in a situation like this! He felt how he was seconds away from actually interrupting in a fit of rage.
But why did it feel like he was doling out his brother’s assets to a veritable predator, the very idea of sending Sherlock into the clutches of this man once again, made his stomach churn in discomfort.
“Good morning, Dr Watson.”
“What are we actually doing....” he began but Sherlock slowly shook his head and put a finger to his lips in a silencing gesture.
“Good morning, Mr Holmes. Off to work?” he had finally managed to say, trying to sound casual.
“You’re the one who asked me to come in the first place, Mycroft. I could have enjoyed myself elsewhere as well, you know.”
Mycroft arched an eyebrow at this ludicrous claim but refrained from uttering the scathing remark that initially came to mind. Even if Magnussen was out on thin ice with his comments, there was a grain of truth to John being far too naïve regarding Sherlock, and look where it had landed him – drugged up and betrayed by his supposed lover, just as clueless about his whereabouts as the rest of them, and utterly humiliated to boot. And whatever he claimed, John Watson had no other wish but to be just where he was right now, looking for Sherlock. It was what he decided to do once he found him that was still uncertain.
In the background Mycroft’s voice droned on.
After realising our family connection, he arranged to have our paths cross at an event to get a look at “what the fuss was all about”, as he later so eloquently put it. He liked what he saw and decided to put his own spin on the negotiation, without Victor’s knowledge.
“Quite so,” Mycroft answered tersely.
“It’s tempting.....” he said and heard Sherlock emit what almost sounded like a groan of despair, like a child realising that a hand stuck in a jar would not so easily be dislodged.
In another desperate effort, perhaps to get away from Magnussen’s prying questions as well trying to get out, Dr Roylott stormed towards the door one more time. But like previously to no avail.
“I’m here as your doctor, nothing more. If he wanted a spy he chose the wrong candidate.”
“It didn’t start out that way and I certainly didn’t go there with the intention to deceive anyone. I was still his doctor!”
It wasn’t likely, they had been very thorough,  Mycroft particularly meticulous this time when making the arrangements, but better safe than sorry. Even if Sherlock hated the idea of being restricted to this place, he realised the necessity of it. And it wasn’t that much of a stretch to being confined to his brothers house every other day.
schedule, I came to inform you that we are having a dinner party this weekend, courtesy of a friend of mine, to celebrate the upcoming union between myself and Sherlock. Nothing too lavish, most people will shortly be at the wedding anyway, so just a small gathering for those we wish to join us for a pre-celebratory dinner and have a toast to our happiness. I thought it would be the perfect opportunity to show my appreciation for tending to my dearest darling these past two months by inviting you to join us in the festivities. Your time with him is soon running out and I wouldn’t want to let the opportunity to express my gratitude for your services slip through my fingers.”
Sure, he knows about Mycroft going well and beyond keeping an eye on Sherlock, the CCTV cameras, the agents that occasionally shadow them, the man’s own intrusive visits to the flat, it has always been a part of their existance.
Holmes and that Mycroft Holmes is part of the rescue team. Two of the greatest minds John has ever encountered, and yet completely helpless in the face of recent events. Whoever this Jeremy Marcus is, he has them completely beaten.
“What reason did he give you?”
Sherlock turned him around and planted a surprisingly gentle kiss on his lips while looking deeply into his eyes.
But the handle remained firmly out of reach as the butler had grabbed a firm hold of his arm after the initial blow, preventing him from storming inside and next the ominous sound of a lock being turned was heard, as a final barrier between him and the occupants of the room.
He had noticed the two angry red spots on Sherlock’s hand when tying him up from the restraints and assumed it to be some sort of bite. The area around it was swollen and hot and as the rest of his body was reacting the way it did, it must have been caused by something serious and most likely venomous.
“No, I’ll promise you that you won’t like it at all. I’ve been lenient with you so far, too blind, too smitten to see the truth, but trust me when I say that you don’t want to experience me losing my temper.”
The door to the living room was half-way open and even before John had entered he caught a glimpse of the tableau presented in there, with Sherlock sprawled over the sofa, still dressed in his shirt and trousers from the dinner party but the jacket had been discarded somewhere, eyes closed and his face deadly pale.
Dr Roylott was still positioned on the floor, more or less where John had left him.
” he spluttered, his eyes widened in astonishment.
“And will you?
And what did it all mean? Had Mycroft for some reason allowed Magnussen to go after what he wanted?
How very tiresome.....
It was only a ruse after all, it wasn’t real, however much it did sting to see Sherlock return Magnussen’s look and the hint of a smile playing at the corners of his lips. Sherlock knew exactly what to do to generate sexual want in others and turn people in front of him weak at the knees, as John could readily attest to himself.
“We continue to see each other as agreed,  for as long as this arrangement is bound to last and you keep feeding Mycroft with what he wants to hear, take his money, turn in your reports and then take the reward he has undoubtedly dangled in front of your eyes to make you agree to this in the first place.”
“It’s about the younger brother, an ambulance arrived and took him away,” a voice hurriedly explained as soon as he had uttered his greeting phrase.
There was a clear accusatory tone in his voice and Sherlock thought back to how John had behaved last night.
Damn it, he had been reduced to making small digs. He really needed to calm himself down, so in an effort to placate, he added:
His voice breaks off and he resumes to stare into the air.
On the other hand, Mycroft would not have chosen his brother for this assignment if he hadn't been condident that he would be able to pull it off, it was just the akwardness of having to witness it all that made him slightly uncomfortable.
A grin began to spread across Magnussen’s face, a spectacularly unappealing one.
“In less than two months the day I have been waiting for is upon us at last and a person I always hoped would one day be mine will be so in the eyes of the law as well as in the eyes of the church, cementing the final proof of him belonging to me and me alone wholeheartedly.”
By going behind his trusted friend’s back, drugging him into sedation and then left without so much as a word to inform John of his plans.
He then remembered the track marks on the inside of the arms and wondered if perhaps the treatment of a drug addiction would be part of his job description. They had looked old but who knew with addicts, there were endless possibilities to get the desired substances into their system and no one was as resourceful as a substance abuser in dire need of a fix.
It was these moments
Mrs Hudson sighed. Her expertise were needed ... again.
"John?"
John closed the door to the faint farewell of his friend. He was pulling out his phone to type a text message to Phil when something hard slammed behind him, throttling his phone in the air. John dove to grab it and twisting in time to catch the light weight of that 'someone'. He grunted as his back met the hard floor and grimaced at the taste of blood inside his mouth. His tongue might be the one that's bleeding, or his lip. And that was when John became aware of something
Something passed in the man’s face, but it was gone when John blinked.
After dinner, John tend to the left-overs while Sherlock went to their bedroom. He just opened a bottle of wine when Sherlock came back, and John's jaw dropped.
He shuddered from the chill that passed through the car's broken windshield. Pulling his winter jacket closer to his body, John ran the plan in his mind. Wait for Mycroft's go signal, look for Sherlock, retrieve Sherlock, take him home.
He gripped a hand over chest tightly as he blinked his tears away with the onslaught of raindrops against him. When suddenly the rain was gone.
. A question that shook him to the core. In a span of seconds, Sherlock pulled him from the sand dunes of Afghanistan. Once again, he felt alive. When Mycroft told him that he sees the battlefield when he was with Sherlock, Mycroft was wrong. Who would want to live to that trauma again? John doesn't see the battlefield. He sees a reason to live. A reason to crawl out of those dunes and live again. A reason to fight against his demons. But then again, Sherlock once became his nightmare. When the Fall happened, he lost
Siren sounded from the distance as he patched the young man under his care as gently as he can.
'I think I've been in love with you the day we've met'
He finally gave in and let his mother fuss about a date she'd been pestering him with for Valentine's Day. He went as far as asking if it was a woman or a man but his mother won't say anything, other than the date she's got for him for the last time was the perfect choice. There was a storm warning later in the evening, so he planned on leaving early. Maybe he could invite his date Now, if only he could convince himself that what he is going to do would be for the best.
Greg nodded grimly.
And when Rosie began to
"Kirsten Dunlord is our contact ... for the child adoption services.
"Who's this?" Sherlock asked in a calm voice, when in all honesty, he just wanted to break down.
"Why?" John asked curiously.
John Watson, former soldier and now the reigning mob boss of Silver Cross Traders, visits his old friend Mike Stamford.
The young man before him blushed when John kept on staring. The other thing that John noticed was he was taller than him. That wasn't a surprise. John's one of those average height Englishmen. But he's got a bit muscle here and there because of his army training before. A routine he gingerly kept while his bad shoulder healed and even when he no longer served.
And with you it'll remain
“Sherlock Holmes, you bloody idiot.”
John crossed his arms in front of his chest throwing the man a wary but amused gaze.
Sherlock complies albeit walking slowly to his chair.
"C'mon, sweetheart. Come to Dada."
Just like that, the gnawing hole in Sherlock's chest ate his aching heart.
He laughed. Because for some reason, he could see the stranger's frustrated childlike face and it made him ridiculously happy.
"Yours," I finally said
Sensing a baby elephant in the room was about to pounce in these two, she left them in the front to head back to her flat.
And in the end a sigh of content
And so I chanced myself and told you my secret
He observes Marcus staring at Sherlock's sleeping form before he turns away and punches the emergency helpline for an ambulance.
Oh, John remembered alright. How could he forget? Whenever his eyes met Sherlock’s, the man seductively smiles at him. Luckily, their bait worked. Sherlock pretended to be a model seeking for a part-time job. That was also the first time that John strangled the man with his bare hands before Sherlock even proved that the maniac was their killer.
Do not let it slip, never.
John nodded. "It's in our bedroom."
The music faded and the officiant's voice surrounded them. Firm and clear and Sherlock took the following minutes to heart, his eyes into John's in front of him, as he held out his hands and John reached for them with his familiar warmth.
John expected the worst since he opened the door to his old friend’s unusual time of visit. But what he didn’t expect was the gorgeous man kissing him with abandon. Teeth and tongue clashed. John closed his eyes as their lips sought each other. He couldn’t help the moan of pleasure that escaped him. That same pleasure now pooling to that part of him that has been neglected for so long after moving back to his childhood roots. Christ what was he doing? He should stop—
I turned away from you
John followed Mike's hand and that's when he sees the black wallet. He doesn't carry one. Still, he turned to Mike and claimed it. Mike nodded and then eventually left him on his own.
“I saved you. Obviously. Simple as that. If that thing continued to talk to you, it’ll feed off your fears as well. Like what it did to your friend, Mike.”
"Boy, I'd lay my life on the line for him. But ... my husband wouldn't like it. And we'd already face the wrath of the Titan if Mycroft learns what I made him do."
When the call ended the man waved his hands in the air followed by unusual gestures while murmuring incantations. Then he pulled what looked like wooden sticks from said belt bag, wordlessly passing some to John. John was then gestured to follow, and the two of them circled the RV, stabbing the ground with the sticks to make a makeshift barrier according to the man. The sticks turned out to be made of iron and could help ward off oncoming attacks.
— Chapter title came from: "The Heart of the Matter" a song recorded by American rock singer Don Henley from his third solo studio album, The End of the Innocence (1989). - Wiki — Another favourite heartbreaking song.
No...
(See the end of the chapter for
For the work on the box to remain 221 words, I won't include the title. :)
Sherlock was now wearing the silk velvet robe tied in the front. John expertly deduced, Sherlock was naked underneath. His throat instantly went dry. Sherlock looked so sexy and fucking tempting. He poured and downed a glass then placed it on the table. Then he stalked his husband.
Effective. The two stopped bickering like old couples (older than her, even) and turned to her.
easily.
Additional Tags: John writes Haiku this time, so sue me - i only listen to what John wants, he wrote it for Sherlock, haiku
THE END
Additional Tags: Poetry, AU and all that
John's eyebrows raised as he opened his eyes, turning to his side to look at Sherlock. His breath caught at the genuine and serene smile painted on his husband's face. John already knew then that Sherlock was just playing at him before. Again. It was also then that he realised, gone were the days when he usually would get annoyed at everything that comes out of Sherlock's mouth. He changed just as Sherlock too. Just like now, less annoyed. He chuckled, dropping a soft kiss on the tip of Sherlock's nose.
You read me like your favourite book
"I give you this ring as a sign of my love." With trembling fingers, John slid the ring carefully into Sherlock's.
“Wait. What?” Dumbfounded, John stood up and slowly walked towards the door. He paused, went back to the other corner, kneeled and pressed himself on the floor to reach for the black secured box where his service firearm lay nestled wrapped in fabric. He pushed the box under again then stood up to walk towards the door.
That got out a laugh from him which Mike mirrored until his friend pointed at something on the floor.
"Sherlock, please..."
As you grip me tightly saying, 'Never let me go,'
"Doctor Watson! I have another pair!"
And as the captain's voice announced the arrival of their plane to Santorini, John once again looked out of the window to the vast expanse of blue sea below them. He twisted to his side to look at his husband, caught the gaze of those celestial like pair of eyes and said, 'You've been always worth the wait and the pain.'
John waited for the crash of anger and disappointment envelope him. But instead, he felt at peace. Oh, he was angry, alright. But that anger was more to himself.
"I was."
“You, William Sherlock Scott Holmes…” John shook his head with a smile, he’s at loss for words.
John's jaw drops open. When now words escape him, Marcus continued.
He went to run towards his friend but the reaching Traveller stopped him .
Then you smooth your palms, caressing my back
And when Sherlock moaned beneath him, John bit at the spot of the man's neck, he had always set his eyes upon all those years ago. Untouched, he felt Sherlock came against his stomach. Fuelled by desire and the heady smell of Sherlock's release, John rutted against his
“But why? I wasn’t scared.”
He nodded at Phil and Jim standing on both sides of the door. Phil in turn nodded at Jim. While Jim knocked on the door, John mulled at the old times, as he waited for the occupant of the office to answer.
He walked back to their bed and held Sherlock’s hand.
She watched as Sherlock uncomfortably shifted on his foot before nodding to the floor. Nope. She won't have that.
But Mycroft stopped him, "John — if there is one person that is capable of loving my brother against all odds, it is you. Save him, John. Save him like you did when the two of you first met. Save him, and tell him what you told me."
One by one he felt the people around him vanish as he continued to stand there. A thunder echoed in the distance, as the sky cried with him.
Mycroft admitted that they had a lapse of judgement because of that. Not the feelings, but the fact that they ... should have informed John in the first place. It's the closest thing to an apology and acceptance John had received from Mycroft.
The man then seem to sense that he's genuine, for the piercing dark brown eyes relaxed from weary and gratitude replaced them.
"You'll be fine, Dad. Spoiler alert: He's probably gonna take you away to Angelo's again."
"Dad, I don't mind you know." Rosie declared, pulling John out of his deepest thoughts.
Come to think of it, John was always leaving when he had a date over. The realisation that he made John jealous warmed something inside him. John was older than him by twelve years to his twenty-two but he doesn’t really think about their ages, they just … fit. And if they will proceed to the R word, as long as it’s in between consenting adults, he doesn’t mind. Who are people to judge people?
It was only then that Sherlock seem to blink back to life as John's worried eyes bore unto him. "Sherlock, are you alright? I honestly didn't mean to just leave you out of the loop but I really wanted to surprise you. An anniversary gift surprise— Happy fifth anniversary love— Sherlock?"
“He saw the death of the Lawsons. It's possible that this same demon killed them and your friend happened to witness it. Now if you don’t have any questions—”
"Oh my god, I'm so sorry, Mister!" The young man exclaimed before picking up the scattered Chemistry books and papers and then piling them all up in his arms. John was surprised at the hoarse and deep baritone voice of the guy. It doesn't fit his image at all. John imagines he would've been soft spoken. Must be the nerves.
Until Mycroft spilled the truth. His, Mrs. Hudson's and Greg's life were in danger. Now, if only Mycroft had learned to shut his mouth, John wouldn't have felt remorse when he punched Sherlock in the nose, and left him alone in that restaurant. No, he wouldn't have hurt Sherlock. Because now John realised, it was fucking worth the pain seeing Sherlock standing there beside him again — alive — staring, more like glaring at the clouds like they stole his favourite cookies Mrs. Hudson baked.
Mycroft had looked him in the eye with an intense gaze and told him Sherlock isn't dead and that they needed to rescue him. Because something went wrong in the undercover mission his brother got sent. That he — needed to rescue Sherlock with the help of the skilled men he, John Watson would choose. In which John crisply replied,
For Aunt Marley, it was the most shameful situation in her life. The couple moved out after he celebrated his fourth birthday. According to his Aunt, they were best not around. Like his gypsy parents that abandoned him to pursue on travelling the world. Until a rock slide killed them while passing a remote road somewhere in Nepal. Their bodies were never recovered. But the Nepali police reported their deaths to his aunt as the Sherpas from a nearby mountain had seen them cross the road and be claimed by the cliff below.
Sherlock Holmes kissing John Watson? What a pair they would have made—ridiculous. He shouldn't have let his guard down from that last call from Mycroft. But if there's one thing Mycroft was so good at. It was meddling.
Until it beats its last.
"You are my lifeline. You've become my reason to breathe. You are my everything, John Watson. And I can no longer wait to be your husband. So let's be equals now, shall we?"
Should we blame the adrenalin?
But what pushed John to the limit — impossible but true — was Sherlock's Aunt Merle, the older sister of Sherlock's mother. As Sherlock got hit by the perp in the face, John would've called the emergency line but his stubborn patient insisted of heading to his Aunt's house.
. Suddenly, John felt bare naked. As if Sherlock could see through his words. Of what he intend to say.
“He was starting to make you."
Five years ago, his best friend jumped from a rooftop in front of him. For him. As Mycroft so casually relayed. That Sherlock had to jump—to save him, Mrs Hudson's and Greg's life from hidden enemies. There's nothing painful than that that has happened to him, so far. But if John would be given a chance, he vowed to make things right.
John blinks at the man. Gone was the confident bank owner and in its place was a shell of a man reeking with regret and disappointment, but not toward Sherlock but to one’s self. Like him earlier.
Since it's February 21st today, I wrote a 221 word-poetry for the prompt of the day! Happy 221b Day!!!
John shook his head. "Not really. I'm just here to pay a visit to an old friend. I'm still allowed to do that aren't I?"
“John?” John looked over his shoulder to see Sherlock reaching out a hand on his side of the bed, with eyes still closed. Sherlock’s lips pouted after finding out that John wasn’t there. John had to stiffle a laugh. There were times that Sherlock was so possessive of him.
Sherlock blinked at the piece of paper haphazardly pinned at the top. It wouldn't take a genius, to know what the thing was. Written in bold block of letters were a love confession in the form of a poem. A love confession ... for him. And as Sherlock read the said letter he felt a myriad of emotion envelope him.
"Dada!" He smiled when Rosie called him and it was then that John looked up at him.
"But when you came back, I still can't ... believe it. When I held your wrist, it doesn't have ..." John closed his eyes as the ghost of pain he felt when his fingers held a cold and pulseless wrist that tragic day enveloped him. "And I wasn't even able to tell you ... that I ..."
Sherlock nodded. "Alright."
But because of his own stubbornness. His fear of coming out of a different shell. He refused to .. acknowledge the truth in him. Even when it stood in front of him and practically told him his own life story.
"What else did I miss?"
For it would no longer mean anything
"This suits you, Sherlock." John declared one afternoon, as they were looking out for a potential serial killer that was said to roam the street of Camden, while they hide inside a clothing store. Sherlock blinked at him and at the midnight blue robe in his hand.
Sherlock looked up to see Molly smiling at him by the door.
John thought for a moment, before replying. "We could." He said with a final tone. He ended the call with a smile on his face and went on to prepare for his
And that was before he felt bolder and his hands automatically felt the pair of arse cheeks covered in jeans that John almost groaned. Christ, he would make sure he'd get laid later. So, before he'd given in to this temptation that's seem comfortable lying on top of him he smiled against the man's lips, and murmured.
Sherlock swallowed, as the leader, took a step towards him. The cut in his eyebrows from the scalpel a perp used on him makes looking stung, but he missed that voice. And he knew that built, those piercing ocean eyes directed at him. And when John crouched down in front of him and removed his goggles, tears began to fall from Sherlock's eyes.
Additional tags: AU, Johnlock in Paris, John is a forgiving person, John faints - A nod on ACD's The Empty House, Five years after the Fall, Mycroft (cameo), Sherlock lives, Hopeful Ending
Wherever you go
Slowly, John opened his eyes and if he wasn't lying on the floor, his lower back hinting of muscle pain, he would've thought he was dreaming. Dreaming of an unusual pair of eyes belonging to a man staring down at him. Said man looking so gorgeous and almost like an angel with an Aristocratic nose bridge, and sharp cheekbones minus the wings.
Sherlock murmured as he shook his head disappointedly. A group of seniors just ruined his day on the lab with their noisy chatter that made him stay an hour and a half late and now after finishing his observation paper, he's had enough. He shouldered his bag as he walked out of the Chemistry building. Typing a quick message to his best friend who's probably still at work at Bart's, that he'd be late for a bit, for their movie night. He checked his Tube pass in his bag and other things that might've been left behind before hurrying down the stairs. He almost forgot looking at the bulletin board for the exam schedules that he almost tripped over his shoes. He backtracked and scanned the board when something caught his eye in the upper corner of the frame.
"Sherlock—"She warned. If these two won't get themselves sorted she'd definitely needed to enrol them to a couples therapy. "Sort yourselves, boys. You've come a long way. Do not let silly arguments ruined what you've built." She added. A beat passed and John thanked her, and then Sherlock followed.
“I’ll send someone to cleanse your space. You wouldn’t want its aura lingering here. Also, names have powers. Do not throw its name in a casual conversation. You’ll attract them. Understood?”
Changing into his traveling clothes, John packed up with his small duffel bag behind him. When he's outside the hotel, a black car stops in front of him, as the window rolls down.
There was something in the way that Marcus is looking at Sherlock that really irritate John. The two are seated beside each other while he is across from the other side, a fucking audience. Christ, He hadn't felt this envious in a long time. That feeling when you want to break something (preferably Marcus' face) but you do not want to be that obvious. That feeling when you want to poke someone's eyes and erase the smug look on their fucking face (example given: Marcus') but you do not want to ruin your flatmate's date. Because for the first time in forever, Sherlock Holmes has finally gone out on a date. But not with John.
When the paramedics arrived, Greg told them about Sherlock's information while he filled in the details of the bruises and lacerations.
"I haven't really tried to put myself out there. You would know... I never really had someone real in my life. Everything ... was fake. Everything was an act. But you ... with you, everything was real. You, you're the closest thing I ever had. You're the closest thing but the one I couldn't have.
You cuddle with me in the couch
"Alright. You can start grovelling now, Mr Holmes."
They reached 221 and Rosie stopped to knock first, before facing him.
John's hand tightened against Sherlock's filling him inside with a reassuring warmth as they replied their affirmation.
“Are you out of your bloody mind?! He’s my friend!” He screamed.
The loud clap of thunder woke John from an uncomfortable sleep. He rubbed his eyes as he adjusted seeing in the darkness before waking up his phone to look at the time—0200. The dark dilapidated building across the rusty old car where he was hiding, was the last place of Sherlock's location according to Mycroft's source. He glanced at the dim light on the road provided by the lamp posts and the thickening snow moulds on the ground. The midnight weather forecasters had already issued a code red severe weather warning as the snowstorm turned for the worst.
someone that much could never forget.
There was a loud snort from the audience and the both of them looked to find Philip sobbing beside a teary-eyed Sally. The woman slapped Anderson's shoulder and there was a second of giggles and laughter from the audience before the officiant cleared his throat once again. Silence followed and the officiant nodded at Sherlock.
So be careful not to trip
To love you and to be loved
The officiant then told the same vow for Sherlock to repeat. John steadied his right hand to ease Sherlock's nervousness, as his husband slid the ring in his finger.
'God, I love you so much.' He murmured as he buried his face against Sherlock's curls. He stayed like that for a while, breathing in Sherlock's scent. Feeling their hearts beat in sync. Sherlock nosed his jaw placing a ghost of a kiss here and there.
John observed Mike as the latter cleared his throat before speaking.
"Really, John?"
John took a deep breath before he dialled the emergency line. He could feel Sherlock's eyes on him, and part of him just wanted to kiss the hell out of the man. But because of Sherlock's lip injury, he had to scold himself for even thinking about Sherlock's lush lips.
"O-Of course, John. You've had your education here. Of course you're allowed."
“Sherlock Holmes. Traveller. Gypsy. Psychic. Medium. Dreamcatcher. Mind reader ... and a whole lot more." The man said with amusement dancing in his eyes.
John remembered Mike pursuing teaching while he worked at Bart's. And then, even if it was against his parents' bidding, he still signed himself in the army. But after two years of being deployed, he thought the worst of it were his soldiers dying. Until he got abducted from an ambush and got shot at. He played weak in the face of the Talibans. John treated his own injuries like a fucking caped hero all by himself from the comics. He escaped abduction from mixing poisons he found from his abductors. And after six months in captivity, he was able to kill his targets, walked the desert to the nearest army base he knew of and thank his lucky stars, he was taken care of. John had almost lost the will to live. But the American soldiers that saved him, were the ones that convinced him to pull it together. That he was still a soldier. And then he was transferred to a British base where he underwent treatment and therapy. And then he was discharged. All of the accounts that happened to him were all marked confidential. And John was grateful for that. But of course, the post trauma he got as a parting gift never made his life easy. He became an alcoholic. His parents disowned him, and only his twin sister, Harriet, made the effort to visit him to his little army issued flat before. It was also Harriet's death from drunk driving, introduced him to the life he's living now. A grieving brother, a drunken fist fight against a former gang member set to stab the mob's boss in the back, if not for John saving the old man — and voila! John's the new recruit. That was ten years ago. Now, he's the boss for seven years.
"We hardly talk about himself you know. I, talk about my self. But when I ask about him, he deflects and talks about you. This is the third time I asked him for a date, for God's sake. And even now, you have to be here?"
Sherlock was asleep on the couch, wearing the Wolf's ears over his head, while Rosie slept soundly cuddled on his chest. Both of them snoring softly. Once again, a surge of love flowed inside of him for two of the most important person in his life. He then thought if he'd be able to come home to this, no matter how tired was, he would.
Mycroft was afraid for his brother. That this time he wouldn't really be able to do something to save him. Then he was told about the Lazarus Plan. How Sherlock survived, and then the next Mycroft was telling him that Sherlock has feelings for him. Feelings more than friendship. That at the last moment they had contact, Sherlock told Mycroft that he should remain dead in John's memory.
Yes. That's right. Move on, Watson. He's not coming back. He's no longer with you.
before he punched the man's jaw.
And for Rosie, the baby and John, Sherlock would do anything to get better. Just as John had promised the same.
And judging by the radiant smile Sherlock was throwing him and the way his tears free fall in his cheeks, he liked what John did. John reached out to wipe the tears against Sherlock's cheeks.
"I ordered for him, mate. It was my sister's new recipe. It's just an Asian variety of Carbonara. It's a new offe—"
"What's wrong, John?"
Marcus sighs before sitting on the floor beside Sherlock's head.
"Not good?" Sherlock asked quietly.
Fuck. He didn't mean to let that slip. It's now or never then. So, he turned to Aunt Merle, and said, "You know, Sherlock's the most beautiful man I've ever seen. He's attractiveness not just because of his looks. He's smart. He plays the violin. And he's a darn great detective. There's not an inch of ugliness in him, so you better keep your opinions to yourself if you know it'll just hurt others. Thank you."
He wanted to say to his daughter.
Sherlock's hold tightened around him as the man spoke. "You should know by now, that I wouldn't want to be anywhere else, except where I already am."
Additional Tags: Johnlock Poetry, Sherlock's lament
a chance?'"
John.
Sure, this wouldn't be the only time that Sherlock or John would experience a relapse. But as they promised in their wedding day. They'd face everything together like they did from the very start.
She took a deep breath and bellowed.
The simultaneous sharp intakes of breath from the agents listening made him smile a little.
"You and me, John. Just the two of us." Sherlock whispered.
The following instances had been rather awkward. John was walking with Ginny, the nurse as his date when he found a navy blue two piece-suit on display. He then proceeded to ask for Ginny's opinion about it. He kept on talking and explaining how Sherlock's lithe frame would fit all the sides of that suit only to realise he's been speaking to no one. In the end, he bought the suit and asked Mycroft to gift it to Sherlock, in the guise of it coming from the older brother. Mycroft eyed him in silence, just like Sherlock did the first time. It was nerve-wracking. But John was determined to show Sherlock that he should pay attention on feeling confident with how he looked at all times. Not just in front of people, and not just for a case. That he shouldn't listen to what others would say.
"I'm sorry, John. I really am. I swear I'll do anything to earn your forgiveness." Sherlock whispered against his ear as they swayed against a tune their heartbeats provide.
A huge beam of light passed just above his head causing John to duck immediately.
“Let’s take a much needed rest, John.” Sherlock innocently declares.
Additional Tags: Different First Meeting, Established Mystrade (Greg Lestrade), Undercover, Age Gap, Sherlock wears heels, John saves Sherlock, Trigger Warning applies for graphic depiction of violence, POV John Watson, Italicised POV Sherlock (for the first part)
A voice inside his head said, causing him to stay alert.
“What?” John breathed.
"Oh. Just John now. John Watson."
I will never ever let you go
Greg's features changed from worried to stern immediately. "Cuffed inside my car. I had the backup looking after him." The man gritted his teeth. "He's not going anywhere."
"Sherlock's brother."
"Fuck. Fuck!" John shouted when his finger got caught between the latch and a broken dent of the generator's housing. The bloody thing was ten years old, and the lower casing was covered in rust. They had to ask Mrs. Hudson if they could replace it, for when another snowstorm hits, they would all freeze to death.
Swimming in the shadow of my own doubts
He softly kissed Sherlock’s forehead before carefully disentangling himself. He walked towards Rosie’s mini bed located in the corner of their room checking on their daughter’s nappies. He fixed her blanket, smiling when she grabbed his fingers clutching the blanket with her eyes still closed.
John contemplated then remembered something the Traveller said earlier. “You mentioned Mike was scared? Why?”
Later that evening, there were loud noises again. She sighed before placing her AirPods in her ears. It's that time of the night for a great retro music marathon.
Present Day ...
And if they were to start again, here it would happen. In Baker Street, flat 221b, on a Valentine's Day. Fitting, wasn't it?
I'll save you. No matter what happens, I'll come for you. Even if it's the last thing I'm gonna do.
Being raised by an Aunt who has strong views about the LGBTQ+ community would do that to anyone. Little did John know, the root of Aunt Marley’s hatred originally came from his ex-husband. His Uncle Stefan. Uncle Stef was a gypsy of Irish descent and turned out to be gay. Hence the separation that broke their family. That broke his Aunt’s sanity. To make matters worse, Uncle Stef went to marry his distant cousin, Uncle Llewellyn. Uncle Llew was a gay gypsy as well.
“I apologise, John. For scaring you. I promise I won’t let it happen again.”
"Five minutes—" Greg replied. "They're just around the corner. I had them wait just in case somebody gets injured but—" Greg's voice filled with anguish. "Oh god, Sherlock! What did I tell you? I told you to wait for me! Your brother will kill me! Why can't you just—"
John eyed the towering Eiffel Tower just across from him. Around him, tourists chatter here and there in different languages, carrying maps of Paris and souvenirs. Most of them sitting under huge colourful umbrellas hiding from the sun. The sun that is scorching hot against his skin, but John didn't mind. He observed, rain would come later.
Sherlock’s eyes bored through him. That John felt his whole focus shifting to the man.
"The food you ordered, you dolt!" John stands up and grabs Marcus' pristine suit.
"How may I help you?" The man asked in a firm voice, at the same time fishing out an ID from his coat pocket, then flashing it to him.
John playfully asked. There was a movement beside him, and then he felt a gentle kiss on his cheek.
But if we were destined to part
Additional Tags: Established Relationships - Husbands, Honeymoon, Soft John and Sherlock
"I tried a new recipe today. A Chinese cuisine in honour of the Chinese New Year."
"Do you have your vows?" The officiant inquired. Both of them nodded and they went to face each other.
"First date, he excused himself that he has an experiment and he left it to you. So he said, 'I need to go home to John—I mean, my experiment."
Their families and friends gathered who are still wiping tears in their eyes all shuffled back into place and answered "We do" while they settle back to their seats.
"John, Rosie." She went to hug Rosie and before she could even speak, the girl ran inside her flat.
It was only then the realisation came into John. It was only then that he finally accepted his fate. That he finally accepted what he really feels. He stood in front of Mycroft, a hair's breath in between them as he told the imposing man; "I know you still could've done something to stop this from happening Mycroft. I wouldn't ask of you to tell me, because I'm sure half of this was Sherlock's. But I'm telling you now, as much as I want him — to be the first person to hear this — I love your brother. I am in love with him. I still am. And ..."
"I love you too." Sherlock replied quietly with all the strength left on him. He still felt raw and exhausted but he's in John's arms, he never complained.
"Duh, Dad. It’s Valentine’s Day. Nana said you used to go there with Sherl."
But of course, John couldn't really ignore that he
A figure in a black winter jacket emerged  from the darkened hallway through the door followed by six men who were clearly MI6. All rifles and handgun's up and pointed at the two perps who had their hands in the air. The men circled the perps, and with another order from the leader whose gaze was now locked on him, while the MI6 moved the perps out.
“Wouldn’t you want to know?”
As if I'm whole, unbroken of reality
If not for his father's reasoning and the multitude of emotions he hadn't seen before crossing Mycroft's face he wouldn't have agreed.
"'Maybe all we need is just a little faith
And that's the root of his pain. He missed the madman. So much. That he couldn't even date. His system refused to find someone to chat with, spend sometime with. Even Greg gave up their Friday night visits on a pub. Ella said, he's still grieving. He hasn't gone passed it. She also said that the partnership that he and Sherlock had was unforgettable.
Sherlock hummed.
Aunt Marley passed while John was still on the second mission deployment in the army. She left the RV where she spent her last days in a will for him, along with a bunch of cash and a bank account that would soon see the last light of day. God knows why she didn’t sell the RV. It belonged to his Uncle Stef. She was eighty-six years old when she closed her eyes for the last time, as what the attending paramedic had relayed to him. Aunt Marley’s words lived in John for years. But now pushing forty, John couldn’t care less if the next human he’d pop the question about marriage would be a gypsy. Hell, it’s in his blood. He just hadn’t got the time to live it.
“Don’t come complaining to me when you have to make a new appointment to you tailor because your waistcoat has become too snug,” he still dared to taunt his older brother. Mycroft shot him a death glare, finally shutting the insolent brat up.
“Is this somehow related to Sherlock?” he asked.
When he does wakes up a few hours later Mycroft has left and the men in front of the screens are new ones, fresh-faced and keen, full focus on their task but despite this John can feel despair howling inside of him.
And thirdly, but certainly most important - you need tell what it is that you have kept from me and after that I’ll decide what it will mean for the future of us. I’m not withdrawing my offer to help you with Magnussen, but depending on the scale of your lies, I might actually reconsider withdrawing any future sexual activities between us. So, spit it out, Sherlock! All of it! And if I later find out that you have left so much as a measly little detail out, that will be the end of you and me. Understood?”
An agent can easily be bribed, but Sherlock’s flatmate is unfortunately of sterner stuff, all honourable and full of principles. How he has managed to live with Sherlock without losing some of that morality is a question that keeps baffling Mycroft from time to time.
Mycroft knew a lesson was a difficult thing to teach his wayward brother, but at least Sherlock could sweat a little while wondering if they would suddenly resurface now that Magnussen was dead and a lot of dark secrets were coming to light in his wake.
Victor on the other hand, had not. And wasn’t that a blessing.
John couldn’t believe what he was hearing.
And despite whatever claims people have made of him having a large empty cavity where his heart should be, it does make itself known by increasing in heartrate a little bit, sending a tingle down his abdomen when his eyes fondly catches the sight in front of him.
John could feel his face heat with embarrassed anger.
But another thought was just as persistently nagging at the back of his head while he was fighting his feelings of rage. What if Sherlock truly was in danger?
“Because I don’t particularly like my own bedroom and you saw the state of my room upstairs. What would you have preferred, a romp in the salon, bent over the sofa?”
Stubbornly Sherlock tried again.
“Mycroft!” he called out but to no avail.
“I got the impression that he enjoyed himself as well. He has a rather rare combination of intelligence and looks. A very unusual specimen if I may say so.
“Oh, I don’t venture outside without precaution. That would be suicidal. She isn’t the only danger lurking out there. I have a few other specimens roaming the premises as well.”
He wasn’t after all willing to let more time go to waste on account of his own pride.
“After a few weeks, our friendship deepened. He was very persistent, and I assume that I was a bit curious too, so the relationship evolved into a romantic one. He was my first in that regard as well and he was very eager in his pursuit, so we became boyfriends soon after our sexual relationship started.
Magnussen might be a cold fish and no doubt he was a terrible person to those who were victims of his blackmailing, but he was hardly a black-hearted criminal of the more dangerous variety. The fact that he was such a victim to his own bodily lust was a sure evidence of a significant weakness in his armour and even if it wasn’t Sherlock’s usual modus operandi, he wasn’t above resorting to exploiting that weakness if it earned him some results.
"Well, John. Thank you for everything."
"Such a lively little girl. So full of energy. I see Sherlock in her sometimes.” When he didn’t answer, Mrs Hudson glanced at him with worry. “Oh. I'm so sorry, John. I didn't mean anything about it..."
"But John, you don't have to. We have the police—" Mike interjected.
I bit every part of you I can claim
When a soft whimper followed by a sigh came from behind him, he finally turned—albeit, slowly.
He nodded. The still unconscious Sherlock turned to his stomach but John had done everything he can.
“He touched you.” The man answered. “That type of demon spreads their poison by touching you. Then they’ll pretend to grant you three wishes like a little fairy. Instead, they will conjure an illusion where they are there with you and they fulfilled your wish. When the truth is, they never did. They’ll continue to feed on your soul’s energy until you die.”
"Says the man who's only wearing a shirt and pyjamas. I'd rather you come back here now with me before you freeze your balls off."
"I'm so sorry, Sherlock. We'll talk about this alright? But I want you to meet our new baby first." John then pulled a folder Sherlock hadn't noticed under the coffee table and opened it to the sight of a newborn baby. Sherlock's heart swelled upon seeing the photos.
"See you around, Mike."
"I have a spare bedroom... or we could..." Sherlock quietly replied.
"Oh. Alright..." Sherlock replied quietly.
He replied. He couldn’t help it. He just got 98% horny when the man kissed him.
Additional Tags: Johnlock Poetry, Making love, Abuse of metaphors, OOC, This John Watson is always out of character, But fuck it, Sooooooft, Fluuuuuuf
John got inside and looked out of the window. He now have a chance, and he'd never let go of it no matter what.
In hindsight Sherlock would count this as meltdown number six, though really, it was the only one that had been completely warranted. Sob after sob came out of him, and he curled up a little away from John, or tried to, the Alpha's embrace seemingly everywhere. Why would John still want him? He'd probably just kill the other one too.
A moment later, Lestrade and his men barged in, his gaze moving from the dead man on the floor to Sherlock and John on the sofa.
John rolled his head back, winding his fingers into Sherlock's hair and tugging on the strands a bit. He didn't mind Sherlock's deviation from his orders, not this time. He reached up, wrapping the chain of his tags around his fingers and tipping Sherlock's chin up for a moment, kissing him languidly.
"He took him away because you weren't caring for him or our daughter properly, Sherlock," John reprimanded calmly. He knew better than to snap back, and he had a lot of patience lately. "And you're getting one hundred percent better, or you're not getting out of there, and I won't be home until early March. Understood?" he asked, his voice solid.
"It is four. What have you been doing all day?" John asked, glancing around the flat for something, though he wasn't quite sure what.
"Y-you haven't eaten... sh-should eat," he said, looking at John, twining his fingers with the Alpha's.
John chuckled, his tone lower from lust. "I know," he murmured, rolling his fingers around Sherlock's prostate again before he focused on stretching him properly. He moved his mouth back to Sherlock's erection, running his lips along it and flicking his tongue out. He scissored his fingers, adding a third when he felt that Sherlock was ready for it. He took Sherlock into his mouth simultaneously, masking the small amount of pain with additional pleasure, his tongue pressing against the Omega's slit and rolling across his glans.
Sherlock's face pinched a little as he was moved, a small noise of protest escaping him as he started to stir a little. He hummed a little, settling against John more.
There were flowers on it already – white lilies of the valley.
John smiled, kissing Sherlock again and running his fingers over his cheek. "That's fine. I'm sure you can find help from someone. Molly or Lestrade, maybe," he offered, lightly kissing up the bridge of Sherlock's nose and finally his forehead. "Doesn't have to be very long."
Alpha. And people thought Omega's weren't good at things. He nodded a little under John's hand, tracing his tongue delicately around John's glans while stroking his shaft quickly with his hand.
John arched an eyebrow, tilting his head with curiosity. Another military man. "How long did he serve and when was he discharged?" he asked, wanting to know as much about him as possible. Strategically, he knew that the best way to take down the enemy was from the inside, and that meant knowing them.
He opened his drawer and saw his handgun there, blinking once. He didn’t pick it up this time, as he usually did. He checked it meticulously every day, as if in contemplation, which in a sense he was in. But today something told him not to touch it. He closed the drawer and opened his laptop, staring at the empty blog. Well, mostly empty blog. Since his last session he’d done a couple short posts. Mostly about going to a shop or taking a walk.
"I give up," John murmured, almost forty minutes later. He tossed the book onto the floor, lying down behind Sherlock and nuzzling up against him. "I know you're not asleep, you know. I'm not completely incompetent. Your pulse was pretty evident in your neck," he whispered, kissing the particular spot on the Omega's neck. "I'm sorry for distracting you from sleep." He ran his fingers lightly over Sherlock's chest, tracing his fingertips between Sherlock's ribs and humming gently.
Sherlock nodded once, looking down again at his hands and the bandaging around his wrists. He placed his hand over the bandaging on his abdomen, letting out a breath.
Sherlock looked at John, then slid out of the bed, walking over and grabbing John's shirt and jeans. "Here. Be mindful of your side, though; they wrapped it," he said.
mark at the back of Sherlock's neck. "Guess that's quite a bit more than 'not much,' huh?"
Dr. Chase flipped through John's charts when addressed with Sherlock's question. "If he was going to be monitored at home by a doctor, I would say that he could leave anywhere between one and two months," he said, looking up from the clipboard and handing it over to Sherlock. "Look," he whispered, keeping the conversation away from Katherine, "he's putting on a brave face, but he's suffering. Anyone who can live through what he went through is a strong S.O.B., but his body can only take so much. I can't let him go home until I'm sure that his body is healed to a certain point."
“And is there cause for my concern?” he asked, the hint of a threat in his voice. That had unfortunately seldom worked on his friend before. Sherlock either found his army voice sexually enticing or, sometimes, a bit challenging. When it didn’t result in them ending up in bed together, it always seemed to make Sherlock even more set upon disobeying John further.
And for a second Sherlock actually considered the fact that no one knew where he was, as if this was a novelty to him.
Magnussen feigned to ponder this question, as if the idea had never crossed his mind before. It was just ridiculous affectations and it annoyed Mycroft that the other man seemed to be playing a game with all of them, despite his own efforts to remain in control.
“Be careful,” he admonished, most likely to deaf ears, because when Sherlock had picked up a scent and was indulging himself in the rush of one of his games it was difficult to get him to listen to reason.
Initially there had been a duvet for him to cover himself with but it had later been removed and the satin sheets were unable to shield him from anything, least of all prying eyes.
All he could really do was to continue to keep an eye on developments while trying to blend in and hope for the evening to be over soon enough.
him. I’m not paranoid, I’m just taking the occasional logical safety measure. He on the other hand has a pathological need to be in constant control of absolutely everything, his whole being radiates from an obsessive desire to stick his abnormally large nose in other people’s affairs. What do you think he hired you for?”
He had to press the bell two times before the door was slammed open, the surprisingly wild features of John Watson staring at him from inside the darkened hallway.
“Well that doesn’t sound like abuse of power at all....“
The fruitless search for Sherlock and the elusive Jeremy Marcus is leading them nowhere fast and John is beginning to despair. Meanwhile he also makes a disturbing discovery.
And then Sherlock’s own behaviour of course.
He wondered if he should unplug his cell phone from its charger despite knowing that his brother would scoff at him for even considering it.
“That’s the problem. I have no idea what it is, but I have not been allowed to see him nor speak to him for days. I haven’t heard a single word since we parted ways after your dinner party. And it appears the doctor has removed himself from the scene quite unexpectedly as well.”
“Did you bring proof of your affair with you?” Magnussen asked as he kept walking down the hall.
At first there was only silence, and Mycroft was just about to repeat his words, a shorter version of them, if they had somehow managed to miss their mark, when the doctor sparked back to life from his initial shock.
“You must realise how utterly awkward, not to mention humiliating it is to accept failure for a person like me who is so out of his depth when it comes to a topic I have never been particularly interested in to begin with and normally wouldn’t waste my time on.....“
“That’s hardly surprising, Sherlock doesn’t do declarations of love. There’s nothing unusual about that, there are lots of people who don’t feel comfortable talking in front of others about their most inner feelings. In fact, I would say that’s quite common.”
He had long ago realised that none of this might actually be achievable with Sherlock but did that mean he had to accept everything being in a constant turmoil in their life?
With a shudder he slid down to the floor with his back against the wall, fingers still holding his phone tightly, and he closed his eyes while beginning to allow all the pent-up feelings that had been brewing inside of him ever since locating Sherlock now wash over him like a tidal wave, taking control of him like a physical force.
But what was he doing
“And why exactly did you think that making your own lubricant would be good idea? For
“The point of making yourself understood has never been the issue. It is if I’m willing to do as you say that is the real question.”
Normally Mrs Hudson would take it if he just pretended to ignore the incessant ringing long enough, but apparently she was out as well as the buzzer kept going relentlessly, finally forcing him to rise in anger from his chair, his dressing gown billowing around him as he barged down the stairs, readying himself to to throw the door open and hurl insults at however had decided to disturb his piece.
When John and Mycroft climbed the steps to follow, it almost looked like Dr Roylott was about to stand in their way, but then, as if changing his mind, he turned his back to them and went inside, allowing them entrance by removing himself.
“It could have, if you had concentrated on what you were supposed to do, instead of getting sidetracked by some henchman that you thought was more interesting. That has always been your weakness, Sherlock, letting yourself be distracted with the promise of a greater temptation than the one you already have.”
But what he said suggested something different.
“I’m here because I need you to help me. But also because.....”
chair as it is the one he invariably choses, even when Sherlock’s chair is available.
It just kept getting more complicated by the second. A quick thought of his own life in his late teens made him realise that he had never experienced anything even remotely similar to what Sherlock was telling him now.
“What exactly is it that you are suggesting, Mr Trevor?” he said through gritted teeth, no longer bothering to hide his discomfort over the nature of Victor’s words.
It was after all just a game of pretend.
As he had poured himself as well as his guest a glass each, he seated himself comfortably in one of the armchairs opposite Victor who had planted himself in the other one and then Mycroft  delivered the very edited version he and Sherlock had agreed upon whenever asked about John’s resignation, quickly followed by the story of Sherlock’s newly developed but seemingly spiralling drug abuse. He made sure to put as little detail into both subjects as possible so there could be nothing for Victor to latch onto and create own conspiracies out of. He also made sure that one issue had nothing whatsoever to do with the other.
He leaned against the crate, next to Sherlock’s legs, still holding the younger man’s hand in his as he told him about Magnussen’s phone call earlier today.
His voice had gone up a notch now and Sherlock looked somewhat taken aback by this reaction, perhaps even slightly hurt. But John had managed to work himself up into a bit of a state and needed to have this off his chest.
“Mycroft knew enough about Magnussen to know that he would never make such a claim if he didn’t actually have something to back up it up with,” Sherlock said. “I don’t think Magnussen even needed to show the actual missile plans, Mycroft knew he spoke the truth the second he mentioned them. So from that moment on, we were trapped.
“If he grew up with Mycroft Holmes, he’s probably used to cold fish,” Pemberton snorted. “But I agree, the younger one is too hot to be wasting his time with those two yawns. Maybe I should help him escape Magnussen’s clutches, make him a better offer?”
Mycroft felt something unpleasant unfurl inside of him and couldn’t help the tetchy tone sneaking its way into his reply.
He changed into his work clothes and then headed over to the facility.
“No, he is still not awake...”
“This might not be my place to say, but as I’m resigning from my position, I’m going to take the opportunity to do so anyway.”
“Just promise me that you’ll be careful,” he said, “In the meantime, I suppose I will need to deal with Victor and Magnussen again. News have reached Magnussen’s ears that John Watson is no longer working for us, and also that he is very angry and resentful over how he’s been treated. Magnussen needs to be tempted to reach out to him. Soon.”
“Well then, no harm done, and my invitation naturally stands, if you have not taken too much offence from a jealous fiancé’s cautionary words that is.”
“He will come looking for me sooner or later. He is hooked enough to me to not simply lose interest. And unlike everyone else, he knows the connection between the three of us.”
“Well, it depends on what exactly you went through, doesn’t it?”
That no one would ever be able to figure out his own pressure point was of vital importance and he never allowed anyone to get even remotely close to him.
Then he picked up his phone to shine into the young man’s eyes and ears, told him to stick his tongue out, felt for any swollen lymph nodes on the neck and then asked the usual questions regarding use of medicine, sleeping and eating habits as well as use of tobacco and alcohol, height and weight and so forth.
Point taken.
“I can’t believe how casual you are about all of this! You just cheated on your fiancé! With your doctor! It’s like a really terrible episode of Corry.”
It was after all why he had so easily seduced John when he had realised what sort of feelings his flatmate had kept from him. If it had been up to John, they would still be ogling each other when they thought the other wasn’t looking. It had frankly been tiresome and a huge waste of time when there were other, more delightful things to be done.
John had felt a cold lump of dread form in his chest when hearing those words. Had he been slipping, become too negligent, only bothering with what Sherlock had to offer and not made sure that their scheme would not be exposed?
Then he walked over and sat down on a chair pushed to the wall, probably where he seated those he called into his office for reprimands. That was apparently as much privacy he was willing to offer. At least he made the pretence of not eavesdropping by picking up a newspaper and leafing through it, while John walked over to the desk.
That didn’t necessarily mean anything of course, who wouldn’t be caught off guard when receiving visitors unannounced, visitors who he mostly didn’t know, and at this late hour. But still, John couldn’t help but feel like their presence was very unwanted.
As his head was still struggling to make sense of the situation, a very familiar voice whispered into his ear, causing the hairs on his arms to stand:
As far as John was concerned, he was outwardly calm and unusually patient for as long as Sherlock was still in hospital, he didn’t breathe so much as a word of recent events to anyone, but inside, he was silently brewing.
Sherlock was already busy trying to figure out how to best do what he was about to do and no longer cared about her presence as she had completed her part of his plan, however unknowingly. But in the background he still registered that she was talking. Something about Magnussen being on his way apparently.
“It appears all my intricate planning missed a huge but quite important part of the equation, a part involving human nature, so naturally it would be something I would overlook with my very limited knowledge on the subject.”
Reclining in his library, finally alone, Mycroft now wondered how John Watson was fairing this evening.
The other men looked sceptical about his ignorance.
“Whatever happened to things being comfortable as well as interesting?” John had tried but he had only received a teasing nudge to the ribs.
“It was hardly
John can tell though that the point has struck Mycroft as well, even if he likes to pretend that it is nothing out of the ordinary.
Apparently these hallucinations were very detailed because it really felt like he was free from his restraints despite knowing full well that it wasn’t plausible.
“Well, circumstances are different when he is feeling unwell. I would rather prefer it if...”
He was in the final stages of an experiment so technically he wasn’t busy, merely wrapping things up, and Mycroft knew enough about science and his brother to know that nothing he had going at the moment was something that couldn’t wait for an hour or two, so instead of standing like a fool in front of the closed door, he resolutely turned the handle and walked right in as if invited to do so.
“Not really, no, Dr Watson. Mr Holmes will let you know as soon there is.”
After that, he could walk away if he wanted to.
“Oh, Mr Holmes is perfectly in tune with what my intentions are regarding his brother. I haven’t exactly kept it a secret and we actually had a rather good conversation about it when he decided to interrupt my dinner this evening. I think I made my point come across very well.”
His brother's reputation had indeed preceded him and plenty were the people, both male and female, who gave him curious glances, appreciative looks and a few insipid smiles, along with those who were simply suspicious about his presence.
No one had questioned him about it afterwards, so he was fairly sure no report had been written down by any of his superiors at work. In fact, beyond Freddie and the ambulance crew, it had felt like the whole experience had gone by rather unnoticed, not a single person had mentioned anything about it and he wasn’t even sure that anyone was aware that it had happened, even if the presence of an ambulance must have made some sort of impact in a place like that,  considering how well-equipped it was with the high gates and the surveillance cameras.
of mine, attached to the Holmes household, and she confirmed that Dr Watson had indeed stormed out of the house in the early morning hours about a week ago, slamming the door in his wake and had not been seen since then.”
be full of stuffy documents and files instead of incriminating evidence of a life spent in depravity and wickedness. Not so much as a nude photo of the Queen or 24 bars of pure gold, a fake ID or the answer to the mystery of Stonehenge written down on a piece of paper. Sherlock had been deeply disappointed.
“No reason to worry about it, that particular scenario won’t happen again. Besides, my brother will be watching me like a hawk, so I won’t be able to make any break-ins for a while anyway.”
Magnussen contemplated him for a minute in silence. Then, as if deciding to try a different tactic, a shifting went over his features and the habitual smirk was back.
And truthfully, he wasn’t sure if he would be able to face Sherlock again.
That gleam of satisfaction in his brother’s eyes now grew to an actual glow.
It was the surest sign of how he was beginning to slip and forget to be careful.
In a way, the same could be said of Magnussen. Not known to the general public but with his hands in most of the outlets that people’s lives consisted of, controlling a large part of media, from petty gossip to actual news, he was a force to be reckoned with. It was natural that two men of such importance should know of each other, they had done so for years. But for things to change the way it had done lately, was an unwelcome development in Mycroft’s eyes.
The music in the background was playing a piece conducted by a violinist that made him miss Sherlock even more, and he pressed his lips to his almost empty glass, downing the final drops of wine he had kept pouring himself ever since returning home, hazily turning his head to stare up at the ceiling, preventing his head to spin too much.
He took a gentle hold of Sherlock’s chin and tilted his head so their eyes could meet, reassured to have his full attention.
“Mycroft?” he mumbled, still groggy, and if Mycroft’s deduction was correct, he was clearly affected by whatever Sherlock must have given him to cause such deep sleep.
“But Mycroft told you that you needed to be seductive and lenient towards me in a way to sugar-coat whatever it is that you have neglected to tell me, so you went ahead and created your own bloody lubricant to bring with you to our meeting! If that is not manipulative, Sherlock, then I don’t know what is!”
He stepped out on a small balcony to clear his head in the crisp chilly air and it was on that balcony he had been standing when the presence of another person finally snapped him out of his thoughts. He was escorted down to the waiting black car with the tinted windows and the surly chauffeur. At least one familiar detail in this chaos of conflicted emotions and confusion.
But John Watson still clearly needed the reassurance to know that everything was fine, which was probably based on some pitiable affection for the man who had brought him into this mess in the first place.
“Locate Magnussen and inform me of the address immediately. I’m intending to pay him a visit.”
Regret was for those who could afford it, he had every intention to stop wallowing in his own misery and move on with his life as quickly as possible, he just needed to inform the part of him that still held onto the past that it was due time to let go and move forward.
**********
The silence that followed was close to deafening and John felt his throat constrict as if he suddenly had trouble breathing, his heart pounding hard in his chest and his mouth going completely dry. Because what the hell kind of devilry was this all about?
“Hm, with your attitude, probably not. You’re one of those who think too highly of yourself, it’s that cockiness of yours that landed you in this mess to begin with. But, hypothetically yes, a warning, if properly accepted, might have sufficed. You chose not to listen, thereby signing your own fate.”
“I wasn’t aware that my nose was doing anything of the sort.”
To those who knew Magnussen, this detail wasn’t particularly surprising, and neither was the fact that he wasn’t especially mourned by anyone.
Sherlock was quick to pick up on Mycroft’s temper though and as if by reflex, he reacted by grumpily jabbing at his older brother’s resolve, the way he had always managed to do, willingly or not.
He was so lost in his thoughts that when Sherlock finally spoke, he started from the sound of his voice.
“Yes, I would say he’s probably due here within two hours at the most. So better get prepared, bundle up in that bed of yours and put your acting skills to some good use. Nice to see that they are finally coming in handy, little brother. We are lucky Magnussen isn’t actually a doctor, though, you won’t need to pull off the trickery you needed to fool Dr Watson.”
“I’m just tired, Mycroft. You know I’m hardly sleeping right now and with all the wedding preparations…”
“Yes. They should know, they worked with him. He managed to fool them all. Me included.”
“Funny, I would have thought a war surgeon would be accustomed to the restrictions of a time table...”
This was not the case now, and that sadly made the whole thing so much worse to bear.
“Not really. Like I said, he was very quiet, he scarcely ate but that’s hardly uncommon, and beyond that he wasn’t acting any stranger than normal and he certainly didn’t indicate that something was off it until we were in the car on our way home, and then he merely complained about feeling a bit dizzy. But after that it increased, he felt nauseated and I tried putting him to bed but he promptly refused, almost turning hysterical. “
The sole occupant of the far larger chair behind the desk was no Bond villain but certainly not far off it either, minus the swivelling chair and the white cat.
As he talked, they had ascended the staircase and behind them a pounding sound was now heard from the blocked door, as well as some angry shouting.
The truth would not have resulted in the same sense of relief.
It wasn’t particularly chilly but he felt uncomfortably exposed and drew his own night gown closer around himself. He had a pyjama underneath as well, he was properly shielded from any draft or cold in the house and yet it didn’t feel like it.
“I suspect he simply wants to see me again.”
the man who signs your employment checks though. And he alluded to you reporting back to him afterwards. My brother can be very forceful when he wants something. People rarely have the power to deny him.”
That Sherlock had been far from fine at Magnussen’s dinner party had apparently managed to slip Victor’s attention, a surprising feat in itself considering how he monitored Sherlock’s every move with the eagerness of a predator watching its prey, but Mycroft had always been aware that Victor seriously lacked any talent in the intelligence department so maybe it wasn’t surprising that he only managed to see things from his own very limited point of view and probably thought that just because he had enjoyed Magnussen’s atrocious dinner arrangement, Sherlock must have enjoyed it as well.
Then he arranged for his medical bag to be retrieved as quickly as possible.
It created a vague reminiscence of their sexual activities from the past, with him pinning Sherlock to a piece of furniture while pounding forcefully into him.
“That was a nice little performance you did there, Sherlock and for the benefit of your relationship with Doctor Watson and the continuing tranquillity of the household, I chose not to say anything about it in his presence. But now I would like to hear what it was that you
36 hours later John is functioning on the small remnants of adrenaline he has left. With the lack of sustenance and sleep as well as the ever-increasing stress of the horror that has began to hold him in a even firmer grip within every passing minute, he feels close to a collapse.
There was a gleam of interest beyond the initial delight that had flashed in Magnussen’s eyes when letting his gaze roam over Sherlock’s form.
Instead he waived a pointed finger in front of the other man’s face as he let out the angry tirade he had felt building up inside of him ever since Sherlock had opened his mouth and spoken his first words of insolence.
“If you stuff your face with any more canapés, you’re going to ruin your diet,” he whispered tetchily while pressing a finger inside his own collar, as if the bow tie was doing him an injustice by merely existing. Mycroft resisted the urge to push his brother’s fingers away from the collar while he took a deep breath before replying, trying to remain calm.
A part of John could relate to some extent, if Sherlock had been his, he would have done everything in his power to never let that love down, but there was something different, almost pathological to Victor’s neediness and in the end this was what made John resent Victor to the extent that he did, Victor cared only for his own feelings and sense of ownership, what Sherlock felt seemed less important.
“Something like that.”
wasn’t the one that had been careless enough to be served Sherlock’s cup of sedatives.
Sherlock's face was too high up for Magnussen to reach, despite being quite tall and Sherlock felt gratitude for small favours as he wouldn’t have appreciated being touched there. For some reason the face felt more intimate than the body. The body was just transport, it was easier to detach himself from feeling Magnussen’s damp touch on his torso and arms, whereas the face would have felt like an intrusion.
John pursed his lips into a thin line and narrowed his eyes at Sherlock who so clearly was doing his outmost to provoke him by appearing so casual about it all.
When he woke later he was alone again, something wet trickling down his neck and he felt with his fingers for the expected swelling where the hands had clawed their way around his throat. Traces of blood coated his fingertips as turned his head to look more closely.
This immediately pisses John off.
Outside the sun is still shining over the roof tops and it has the promise of being an exceptionally fine afternoon.
he’s after when it comes to the blackmail. Besides, I’m far more interested in his guest.”
Other men were coming in and out of the room where the painting John had ruined was still lying in pieces on the floor.
Dr Roylott was standing on the threshold to the entrance when car came to a stop and did not step forward to greet them as they got out of the car.
Not wanting to tempt his chances by speaking too soon, he did as he was told and began walking towards the grove and then stopped promptly as he reached it, assuming that the reason for putting some distance to the barrack had been to prevent anyone from hearing them talk. They were also, and this was a more unsettling realisation to consider, too far off for anyone to help him out if he needed it.
“What’s happened? Tell me the full status as far as you know it and then why the bloody hell you didn’t phone for an ambulance!”
But there were the other times, when they were not together, the days of waiting, of not being able to communicate at all, that was beginning to tear him down.
“I’ll tell you later. We don’t have much time. That door block might only work temporarily, we need to spread out and look for him. Something tells me that we might not have that much time.”
“No.”
But they both knew the answer to that question.
John nods, still trapped in the memories of that day in May ten years ago, not present to reminisce about a man he never truly forgave either. He doesn’t care why Anderson has this photo in his possession, he doesn’t even care that the man is now dead and that is the very reason he is standing here looking at old memorabilia along with Lestrade, while waiting for Sherlock to come back from the evidence room where he went over an hour ago to collect something.
And how had he repaid that invaluable gift?
“Will do. Goodbye, Mr Magnussen.”
Instead he went straight for the front door and walked out to the waiting car that was going to take him back home.
This wasn’t worse than one of his nastiest drug withdrawals, not yet, but it was certainly in the top three of excruciating experiences he had suffered from. And it was probably only going to get worse, so there was still a chance of making it to number one.
“....And when I say that he was competent in his occupation,” Mycroft drones on as John tunes in once again, “that unfortunately means that he knows how to disappear without leaving any traces, as well as knowing how to hack into every security system we have. He knows all the tricks in the book and I couldn’t have been faced with a worse adversary if I had made the selection myself!”’
