“Yes. I have never been interested in men. I know my brother was open to everyone. He was always more free as a child. Have to say though his relationship with Tony might have been the most healthy one he’s had in a while.”
“They might,” Steve stated, his voice never wavering. Instead he seemed to grow even bolder. “I want to tell you now so you aren’t surprised, when it happens. But I am going to fight for Tony. I don’t think you’re good for him.”
Tony’s eyes widened as May leaned back into her chair. Looking at Tony she shrugged and resumed paying attention to the video.
His voice had become a soft hush and the wind seemed to accompany his voice into this melodious tune that had Tony wanting to close his eyes and eagerly draw in the sound.
“A secret mission,” Amina said, eyes growing wide with interest. “Is this a special mission?”
Steve nodded his head. “I truly hope you know what you’re doing.”
Natasha looked up and Tony missed the way she frowned at the others, each sending back their own varying levels of that same serious expression. When he looked up, all their expressions had been smoothed over and Natasha was handing Tony a Lego block.
Steve shook his head. “Hey, no this isn’t meant to make you feel sorry for me and forgive me easily. I’m sorry I didn’t mean that and-”
“We were never under the assumption that Ryder would make it out of this alive.”
What had he done to make them…He tilted his head downward. Maybe that’s why he had given up on trying to tell Pepper and Rhodey because he figured after Ryder another would just easily take his place.
“Aye, aye Captain,” Tony said removing his shirt with a speed that Steve was unsure.
The door seemed to taunt him. What if? What if Ryder had infiltrated one of the nurses and had them close the door. No one was here so it was possible. He could feel the panic begin to push him back like a great tidal wave. Acid began to claw up his throat and he leaned over his body into a sort of kneeling position.
“Leave.”
“Really?”
“It’s a thing trust me. I am fairly knowledgeable in discerning when someone is about to get into trouble. Peter I do not need you to be another white boy I have to fix. I have reached my maximum,” Shuri joked lightly, but underneath her voice was concern.
There were no arguments, but they were all gathered here tonight listening to Nathaniel’s comedy, Christmas carols, eating food, and just talking with one another. Tony was finally relaxing when he felt Steve tap him on his shoulder.
He could end him just like this.
“Marley I will not ask twice. Apologize. You were entirely rude to Kevin. Kevin you also apologize. You know Marley loves playing with accents, so I don’t know why you decided to mess with her.”
“I’ll get in touch with Coulson and Fury let them know what’s happening. See if they can find something on Ryder,” Rhodey exclaimed.
There’s a second, where Tony gave Steve a chance to say something. There was no verbal statement on Tony’s part, but it was implied. Steve pursed his lips into a thin line and staves off the innate yearning to get on his knees and plead that Tony forgive him for this.
Tears now fell down in steady streams and Tony felt as though things were clearing from his chest. Even though Tony had visited this gravesite multiple times, the finality of today was finally getting to him. It seemed like Tony was finally able to acknowledge that it was time he let himself heal. He had done the process, but still a part of him had been hanging on to this part of Ryder.
“I mean, it was pretty simple to figure out, once I started to pay attention. So I’m just saying all of us feel weak at times. There are always things that are outside of our control, no matter how strong we are whether physically, emotionally, or mentally. You’ve been there for us. Let us be there for you,” Steve said.
“Look I’m going to Karen’s in a bit, so I don’t really have time for a heart to heart right now. Maybe later?”
“And I’m certain to be Stevie’s,” Bucky said, then added, “Congrats you two. I’m so excited.”
Steve lifted an eyebrow. “Like what?”
A moment of deep, deep confusion settled in. Clint, Bruce, Wanda’s, and Vision’s building had actually won, but Tony was 100 percent certain that his team was going to win. Okay, so he wasn’t being cocky or anything, but he was confident that they won.
Tony’s eyes widened, laughter growing larger and bubbling out of his chest. “Steve, you asked me to marry you. I’m going to be your husband. I’m your fiancé!”
“Ooh, is that code for a date with your physical therapist,” Tony said waggling his eyebrows. “Still waiting on my hallmark movie.”
, he thought to himself belatedly.
Tony’s eyes fell shut.
Tony’s eyes grew bright with anger. “Fuck you Rogers. Just fuck you,” he hoarsely cried out. “Just fucking. Fuck.”
“Get off of me,” Tony rasped making his body rise from its lying position. “You should go now, before you get in trouble.”
He leant back, causing his neck to lengthen and then leaned over himself in order to grab the black confidential folder. When he looked back to Ryder underneath his eyelids, he was surprised to see that there was no interest in there whatsoever.
He would be lucky, if Steve managed to pull back just enough to send him to the Raft.
“Fish,” Tony interjected.
Isa turned her face back toward the silent Avengers and mentally tried calming herself down. She had only heard of this team’s stubbornness to hear reason from Pepper and Rhodey, but to actually experience it was something else. She blamed the traffic and then herself for putting Tony in this position where he was defenseless. However, she was thankful that he was gone because now she did not have to hold back.
Tony turned his head to the side and mulled over what Steve was saying to him. Oh, how much he wanted all of this to be true. If Steve had come to him saying all of this a year ago, Tony would have unashamedly climbed Steve like a tree. It was only the thought of Ryder that kept him from doing so.
There was no way his own son was going to vote against him.
“Is there a reason why you are in your suit right now, when you are under specific instructions not to spider boy?” a voice said alight with teasing.
“Bordelon. And yes you may,” she said handing one to Bucky, but not before seeing Steve angrily clench his jaw and clutch his knees.
Though Fury had still seemed slightly weary over handing over a seemingly innocent civilian for questioning, he had nevertheless willingly given away the background information on the two individuals. Fury had rather them have all the information at hand over the Avengers trying to fill in the missing gaps.
“Look don’t lose hope. I am certain you will all find Tony and we will all be arguing in our group chat, which by the way I’m still highly upset I’ve been reduced to using primitive methods of communicating.”
Also quick question I've been trying to figure out. Should Peter eventually transition to calling Tony: baba, dad, Uncle Tony, Tony (with Aunt May's permission of course) or just stay with Mr. Stark? 'Cause I don't know yet lol.
He didn’t just want to belong to a superhero group. He wanted to belong to this family and seeing them able to be together after this long and troubling year was nice.
Pepper sat her book down. “Who was the lady you were talking to?”
Marley tilted back her head and grabbed her cup containing apple juice. She swishes it around two times, sniffed it, then took a sip.
“I did not know we had to give speeches. I wish to redo my entrance,” Thor said, going forward to grab his Lego building.
Just as Steve pressed the knife, closer to his lips he heard the door knob shake.
Steve gave a boyish and charming grin, a look of innocence that shocked Tony figuring where his mouth had just been. He leaned up onto his elbows, to settle his chin on Tony’s stomach. Tony fondly looked down at him and brushed a piece of hair behind Steve’s ear.
And something with Dr. Sana just clicked. It was as though all his past mistakes hadn’t mattered to her and she treated him as an actual human…an individual, someone not riddled with notoriety or a dark past.
Emerges from 2 year hiatus. Here are 28 pages full of...well let me not keep you all waiting, you've done that enough. Thanks for being a part of me with this journey and giving me a reason to come back two years later and finish this. :)
“Hey,” Tony snapped angrily. “I don’t know what type of ransom scheme you have planned, but it’s not going to work.”
“Oh, we know. We are fully aware of your former battles with the bottle,” Miriam said opening the bottle up. “Which is why this is going to be so much fun. Now open up Mr. Stark,” she said pressing the bottle up against his lips.
Natasha had watched it with Tony two years ago and it had easily become her favorite children’s film. Anytime she was presented with the chance to watch it she grabbed it. Plus she hadn’t really had the chance to sit down and watch a movie due to the past recent events and this was a good movie to get back to.
Leauna shrugged. “Maybe I’ve got my dates mixed around. Maybe it’s another special day you’ll be celebrating. Well think of it as an early gift.”
sleeping much. Besides I am sure that once he wakes up, he’ll be energized for hours.”
“Yeah, no. After the little incident we had, when I took you and Steve to Target. I am not doing that again.”
Tony’s eyes widened at his arms and Bucky instinctively drew his arms back. He had forgotten that although his arm had been replaced in Wakanda what they represented was still death. He had killed Tony’s parents with these arms.
“I love you,” Ryder said. “And I missed you so much this past month. Everywhere I looked I kept turning to my side to say something to you, but you weren’t there. You’ve left an imprint.”
He had never appreciated the soundproof rooms that Tony had installed, until now. He had questioned it at first, but now he never knew their importance.
“He’s pretty tired. I mean he stayed up all night excited that we were coming to see you. Aunt May tried to put him down for a nap, but he wouldn’t go. Also he hasn’t been sleeping all that great knowing you were gone so…” Peter trailed off.
He tried once more.
“Well, Tony that is quite a wonderful question, one which I would love to answer,” Ryder explained. “Because you’re a drunk just like your mother. You’re a murder and thief just like your father. And you’re more desperate than a whore on the street of a corner begging for change. You want all your friends to know how you just accepted what I gave you. You probably told them you were a victim, but you weren’t.”
“I will,” he said.
Steve winced in response. “Sorry.”
“That’s different. I haven’t seen Bruce in forever,” Tony tried explaining. “That’s extremely different. Plus that’s just how I always greet him. It’s just how our relationship works.”
Bucky, who had kept an ear on their conversation, chose to speak up from his spot in the kitchen.
“Oh, my gosh you brought the Black Widow here. Like the Black Widow,” Jaime stuttered looking about a few seconds away from passing out. “I…this is the best thing you have ever done for my life Mr. Stark. I mean besides like the tuition scholarship you gave me this is the best.”
Tony was reminded of those cake wars on the Food Network as Thor put his little Lego presentation down.
So without saying a word, he turned on his heels and headed back to the interrogation room. He only saw Phil sitting there, staring at Ryder from the one-way mirror. He brought his face up to meet Steve’s. His eyes flickered to the others, as they had followed without a word.
Panic took ahold of his body and Tony felt it wrap tightly around his chest, forcing air out of his lungs. The edges of his eyesight became blurred and he could no longer differentiate who was standing in front of him, hands outstretched to touch Tony. He pushed the hands away, when they came close enough to clear up in his vision.
Rhodey raised one shoulder. “Just that Miranda and I will definitely be going on a date. It’s just that it’ll be our third date.”
“Tony your hands are shaking,” Steve whispered, trying to grab them in his, but not before Tony had flinched away from his gesture.
Steve wanted to argue that wasn’t the case. He had come back, but then he realized what Tony was saying. Someone that had come back for
Steve paused midway in bringing his food to his mouth. “Okay.”
Steve breathed and gathered his thoughts. “I’ve done a lot in ways of hurting myself, hurting others, hurting you that I will live a thousand lifetimes in order to
Ryder’s face grew enflamed with anger. “And then you’re kissing Bruce on the cheek and hugging him like he’s your long lost lover from war. When I, your boyfriend surprises you, you barely even react.”
“I lied,” Tony said. At everyone’s silence, he continued. “There aren’t two pills. Every pill he’ll get is a placebo. His mind is just going to go crazy with wondering why he isn’t dead or why hasn’t he been cured.”
He pulled his hands away from his face and stared at his hands again. A frown marred his features as he realized what those hands nearly did to Tony. He’d explained to Tony and Tony seemed to have accepted the apology.
Of course in his hurry to get home Steve hadn’t thought of that. All he knew was that he wanted to get to Tony as quickly as possible. However, looking down at himself and seeing the scratches, bite marks, and cracked blood on the part of skin that was visible he told himself that Tony did not deserve to see him like that.
“Since when did Stark get a kid,” Clint whispered eyeing Tony.
Steve shook his head. “I’ll…I’ll go last, if that’s okay.”
Steve at some point had begun reciting them aloud, but he was too far gone to stop now. He was only glad that Tony was still resting peacefully. His fingers ran through his hair, much like his mom did when he was younger.
Ryder and he had not said anything since leaving the kitchen. Tony decided to place Miles in his guest bedroom and set the child monitor in his room. He gave one look back at Miles before cracking the door and heading to his bedroom.
Cali knew she was being baited. She wondered if Miriam would have fallen into the same trap. She doesn’t allow herself to wonder in fear of being disappointed of the answer.
By the time Tony finished his first cup of coffee, Natasha had grabbed his mugged and refilled it. She smiled gently at him as Tony sheepishly took the offered second cup. In addition, Natasha had grabbed a muffin and pushed it toward Tony. Tony looked down at the muffin and his stomach gave a little growl, as though it knew it was in the presence of food sustenance. Natasha laughed softly, but not in a mocking tone but of one in soft amusement.
Peter looked like he was about to disagree, until Miles came to the other side of the backseat covered by two of the school’s security guards. Miles bounced excitedly on the balls of his feet as Steve got out of the car and thanked the guards for walking Miles safely.
For the rest of the ride they sat in a comfortable silence, a few breaks in the silence offered when Peter would give updates of Pepper and Rhodey’s plans of distracting Tony. It took them a little bit to reach Harley’s high school given the fact everyone was getting off for spring break and traffic was of course always ridiculous at this time.
“This mission would have been successful either way,” Steve truthfully forced out. The honesty in the statement settled like cement on his tongue.
He felt nauseated just thinking about eating food, while Tony was somewhere in the hospital being looked over by nurses and doctors.
And he threw up again, the acid scratching against the back of his throat. Clint left for a minute and then came back and placed a wet towel in Steve’s hand. Steve wiped his mouth with it and also took from Clint the piece of gum he was offering.
, Steve thought stupidly for a moment, tasting blood where the inside of his cheek had scraped his teeth and looking at Stane, both seemingly momentarily frozen by shock.  But Steve wasn’t blind to the shift of…something…behind Stane’s surprise.
“Did you want to try the tortellacci or something else?” Steve asked, looking up from the menu.
“Seems like someone I'd like to meet," Steve said softly, earning a quick look from Tony. "What do you mean tried to take you fishing?” Steve asked.
“On my website,” Steve repeated slowly.  Because it was odd, Stark going to that trouble.  Also, because Steve didn’t have a website, let alone one dedicated to his art, and certainly not one hosting the sketches he’d drawn from memory after the Battle of New York or the ones of Iron Man, which were supposedly tucked in the sketchbook under his mattress back at the Tower.
“I just, I couldn’t—what he said about… about Peggy, I—” Steve stammered into the darkness, leaning his head down to bury it against the top of Tony’s, breathing in the scent of his hair like it could wake him from some terrible dream.
“Okay. Um, okay. If you need anything else—I mean, the lawyers, if they need anything. You know, just, ah...let me know,” Steve rushed out in a single breath. “I should—I gotta go. So. I guess this is goodbye, then.”
, Bucky’s voice demanded in his head.
“I already was,” Steve replied, then leaned over and pressed his lips to the top of Tony’s head.
“Exactly so,” Jarvis nodded, tapping a finger against his mouth as he considered.  “Really, Tony, don’t be an idiot.  Kiss the man.  Visit your mother.  She would do with seeing you.  And tidy your room.  It’s atrocious, even for you.”
There was still plenty of time to pick it apart, after all.  That definitely seemed like an after-coffee kind of project.  Though, lying there, he couldn’t quite escape thinking about it.  Steve standing there, staring at the stars and not really seeing them.  How many times had Tony done that over the years?  Enough to recognize someone looking to the heavens and seeing only escape when he saw it on someone else, apparently, Tony thought, scrubbing both hands vigorously up and down over his face.
He hadn't meant to say that, but Steve's surprised, pleased smile met the words, and he wouldn't take them back for anything.
Tony’s hand found Steve’s cheek, and Steve felt himself leaning in, eyes closing at the rush of warmth that flowed through him, the deep, hushed kind of warmth that loosened his limbs and eased the sharp points of his thoughts where they cut away inside his mind.  Tony’s hand convulsed on his cheek, the fingers digging in for a moment before he stilled himself.  His eyes were bright and watery, the kind of deep, earthen brown of wet leaves still flecked with gold from their fall.
“And you are mine,” Tony husked out in a voice thick with some emotion Steve couldn’t place, the words seeming to come only after a great effort.  A short, bitter laugh followed, and Tony leaned back in the seat, cupping his hand over his mouth.
Steve wasn’t sure how long he laid there trying to clear his mind, thoughts rolling over each other, making him think of the mill’s wheel spinning in an endless loop as it gathered more and more water in its efforts to grind the grain to the fine dust of flour. His last, disjointed thoughts were of Tony, and the salt air of the sea, and he realized with a pang that he’d already found his home, and it was not made of brick and mortar. A man by the river, holding the moon in his hands, he thought as he followed the tide of sleep.
“There was a—a large silver plate.  In the cabinet. Right behind you,” Steve said.
“Not sure they exactly have the best opinions of lawyers. No offense,” Steve said apologetically. “Just haven’t had the best experiences with the legal system.”
need is this business to work so I don’t have to go around to our friends with my hand out anymore,” Brock grumbled, letting go of Steve’s hand.  “You know that shitbag Phillips turned me down?  Can you believe that?  After everything we did over there to make him look good. Hell, half his promotions were ‘cause of stuff you did.  Now, he’s living on some rickety-old fishing boat down in Florida like he’s not sitting on a huge pension check.” He turned his head towards Steve and swiped his hand over his mouth.  “Ah, forget it. I’m just jawing. I know you like the guy.”
“Escort the Raj’Inama back to our chambers while I, er, enjoy my time with Lord Ellis,” Tony ordered, struggling to keep the lack of enthusiasm out of his voice.  “Bruce, would you care to return now or are you going to keep picking flowers?”
“Okay,” Coulson said.  “I’ll let him know.”  He paused, starting to turn away, then stopped himself.  “You know he won’t believe that.”
“I know why I’m here.  What’s your story?  Not exactly Natasha’s MO, bringing home a stray,” Stark mused.  “Did she stab you in the neck?  Asking for a friend.”
Steve had no idea how to answer.  He opened and closed his mouth, trying to find the right words or something in the King’s manner that would tell him what to say, but the King’s face was closed, carefully blank.
“I know you do, Buck,” Steve replied through a sigh.
“There’s no bubble,” Steve said, glaring at Tony.
The folds of a red robe came into view in front of Steve.  Steve didn’t look up.
“Sure was nice for the prosecutor to have all those documents showing the transactions and money trail right there on Camp’s computer like that,” Steve commented.
“Fine. The tie.  I don’t wear it--because—because I’m supposed to—when I’m out in public—I’m supposed to be—to look a certain way,” Tony sputtered.  “I represent the company, and we don’t—Starks, we don’t—it wouldn’t be something I’d wear out, okay?  It’s just a stupid tie.”
The stars had seemed so close out there, in the desert.   Like he could touch them if climbed to the top of the mountain.    North, Yinsen had said.  Go north. That’s where your people will be looking for you, Stark.
“Don’t think it’s me they’re interested in,” Steve countered with a crooked smile as they walked side by side past the shop windows.
“You want an introduction,” Steve responded flatly.
Tony's hands moved of their own accord to clutch at Steve's arms, and he knew he was shaking him, without really meaning to, but he couldn't seem to get himself to stop. He buried his head into the center of Steve's chest, his arms wrapping around him to claw at Steve's back. His face was wet, and he couldn't get enough air, and he needed Steve to say it. When he looked up, he could see the pulse jumping in Steve's neck to match the pounding in Tony's ears where Steve's heart throbbed against the side of Tony's head, though that was the only part of Steve that moved, the rest of him held rigid where he stood.
“Please.  Please.  We didn’t know.  Honestly, Sir—Cap. Cap, Sir.  We didn’t know who he was, I swear!  We’d never touch him, not in a million years, if we knew.  Please!” Dominic wailed, the words wet and thick.  His hands came together like he was praying as his face squelched into a grimace and tears started to streak down his cheeks.
“Smooth,” Brock said, leaning back and grinning at him.  Steve flattened his mouth into a frown directed at his boyfriend, but felt hot embarrassment flood his face.
Oh my God, I finally finished this.  It was surprisingly hard to write something that didn't feel totally repetitive.  Anyway, hope you enjoy.  Thank you so much for reading!  See, I really do finish everything.  Eventually.
Peter rolled his eyes. “MJ don’t be jealous okay. It’s not my fault that you were clearly not born as fabulous as me. Maybe one day I can teach you.”
“I was for amending it. Then we found Bucky and my focus shifted. Soon it became more about protecting Bucky. And I had to protect him because I couldn’t last time. So I figured the trouble with the Accords would distract him from what was happening with Bucky. I thought us fighting over that would manage to hold his attention and-”
“Spiderman. And yes. We do not require that you reveal your secret identities to us. Of course that doesn’t really pertain to you all seeing as though your faces have been plastered on the television to show the faces of those who made civilians clean up your mess,” Isa drawled darkly.
Natasha smiled as she closed the door behind her. “I believe that we can make a short stop at a flower shop on our way to the hospital.”
His fingers reached for Tony’s zipper and Tony shook his head.
Tony felt the attention of them all and tried straightening his shoulders to make it appear that he was completely fine. He turned toward Miles and handed him his toys and the Starkpad, which was now playing some cartoon. He put the headphones over Miles’ ears, making sure to adjust the sound so it was fine. Tony had often kept the volume high.
Tony breathed out a sigh of relief, not noticing the bathroom door creaking open.
“It’s the only way that Ryder may slip,” Fury told them. “Look, this is a man who is probably the best person at hiding and manipulating people around him. And if I’m being honest there’s always just this small margin of error that we do have the wrong-”
Natasha’s eyes followed his retreating figure and made way to follow him. Steve stopped her shaking his head slightly. He pushed his own meal away. Lately he hadn’t been too hungry anyways. Bucky took both Steve and Peter’s plates and made way to cover them with saran wrap and placed in the refrigerator.
“But they ought to know what happened to their infamous leader, right?”
“Scanning for facial recognition,” FRIDAY stated.
“I am warning you. I have a kid in my possession. It would not do good to kill me right now so…” Tony continued to ramble on, but stopped when he realized Bucky was just placing his legs on top of his lap. Now Tony was able to fully stretch out without being in slight pain.
“I feel like I’m in some daytime soap opera. Nat make it stop, it’s giving me hives,” Clint said coming closer to them from where he had been setting up the candles.
The door opened, revealing his Pop and Peter was eternally grateful for that. He figured at this point he was all lectured out…or at least hoped he was – he had made it clear he was very mad and very proud of his son…after several one sided “talks.”
His parents totally bought the lie that he was spending his weekends helping Pete out more, and the two men took the opportunity to take little vacations and host various fundraisers. Spiderman took to the streets once more, and his family believed Miles was babysitting so Peter could resume his alter-ego and get away from the kids for a bit.
She stared dumbfounded at him as they both could hear their uncle approaching, feet pounding as he made his way to check on them.
“Well, that hardly seems fair, but, hey, if loud noises, shouting and threats to leave do it for you, you could just, you know, date,” the man drawled, making Steve frown with confusion until his brain caught up.
“If I had a nickel for every time I heard that from you…I’d have, like, two nickels,” Tony grinned, turning to Pepper.  “He’s very proper. You need to loosen up, I’ve told you that. It’s bad for your health, being all uptight all the time.  You’re like Cameron Frye over there.”
“Hey, hey, no, Shellhead, don’t do that, now, come on!  It’s not your fault this didn’t work,” Steve insisted. He scooted up and leaned over, until the little boat listed enough to bring him almost flush with Shellhead.  “Shellhead. I mean it. Thank you,” Steve said again. “It means a lot that you tried. It’s not your fault there wasn’t a ship. God knows, I don’t blame you. You don’t think that, do you?  The sea’s a big place. Bigger than I ever imagined. It would have been pure, dumb luck if we’d have been picked up. You probably know that better than I do, I’m willing to wager. Just because that big brain of yours can figure out how to repair a boat and build a pump and get us this far doesn’t mean even you can magically make a ship appear, so stop blaming yourself, if that’s what you’re doing, would you?” Steve cajoled in a low, urgent voice.  Shellhead grimaced, his eyes closing. He looked almost pained. “I know you did everything you could. That’s all I could ever ask, and hey, look, we made it this far. That’s pretty amazing, isn’t it? Come on, Shellhead, look at me, would you?”
Steve’s room wasn’t so very different from the first time Tony saw it, when it was empty of anything except a few pieces of furniture carefully staged to make the room seem bigger than it really was.  He had taken the smaller bedroom, not particularly because it was smaller, though that had been part of it, but there was a better view of the stars from his window, and then,
Steve ducked his head to hide his frown, but dug the envelope out of his pocket and handed it to Brock, who made an awed whooping sound as soon as it hit his hands.  He wasn’t sure what he was expecting from Brock this morning, but it wasn’t… this.  Though, to be fair, it was probably just incredibly awkward and difficult for Brock, so he focused on the positive.  The money.  Steve supposed he should focus on that, too.  It was what the whole thing was about, after all.  Money.  A million dollars.  A way to change both their lives for the better.  It wasn’t Brock’s fault that every time Steve thought about the check, he got this tight, sour feeling in his gut.  He hadn’t done anything wrong.  He knew that.  It was a--a transaction.  Between consenting adults. That was all.  Everyone got what they wanted out of it.  It was probably just good, old-fashioned Catholic guilt making him feel this way.
“Okay but why do you call them that?” Peter shrugged before answering her.
“Don’t you already have a homosexual uncle?” she asked condescendingly.
He sat fidgeting next to an eerily calm Wade, waiting for his dads and sister to join them. Wade continued munching on the bread, humming some song Peter didn’t bother trying to recognize. He felt an elbow to his side, looking up to see his family approaching their table.
Luckily for Tony, and of course their kid, Bruce gave her some general anesthesia and numbing cream so she didn't actually feel a thing. He still held her hand throughout the procedure, noticing her still tense slightly with Bruce. When he finished he told the fathers to help her to bed and come back if they need to.
“Alright, no, I was just teasing…” Xavier stuttered out.
“When can we see him?” Emerson interrupted.
“I’ll never let that happen,” Tony said in offense, bringing the Polaroid to his chest and shifting back to give Steve his arms back.
“Steve and Tati are fighting,” she said quietly, hoping he’ll understand her explanation and not ask for more. He stepped to the side, allowing her space to enter his floor. She stepped inside, heading straight for his couch and cuddling Wolf close.
“Yes dada, now come on baby,” his brother said as he dragged the girl back to focus on the task at hand. He sat up on his knees, holding her by her hands like Steve had as he walked the two over to the younger teen.
It caught the genius off guard as he scrunched his nose up in offense, since they both knew Tony was also partially trying to rile Steve up.
“Right now? I think I need some hydration before we go again,” Tony teased, yelping when the Alpha pinched his bottom in retaliation. “I...I don’t know Steve. Honestly we should probably keep quiet...about the pregnancy, not the bond. At least until after the first trimester. Soulmates or not, a lot can happen in the first trimester and I don’t want to get anyone’s hopes up. Other than that...I mean...we should probably meet each other’s parents? Maybe...move in together?”
while also sipping his coffee. "Fine, Wade does all the cooking," he admitted as his family laughed aloud. Jarvis interrupted before Emerson's stomach started hurting too badly from all the laughing.
“No,” Bucky said in frustration, leaning over to push the camera further back on the couch as she whined in protest.
“Seriously?” he asked looking back at his husband, who was failing at hiding his giggles.
It was him again, this time caught mid-laugh. A realization dawned on the genius as he took a quick glance at his artist, noting with satisfaction the blush on his handsome face. He looked back down at the notebook and started flipping through the pages a little more quickly.
“Was it the noise? Were we being too loud?” James asked gently as he rubbed his thumb against Clint’s knuckles. The blonde shook his head no before sighing loudly. He gently released his grip and sat down on the porch steps, waiting for James to join him.
“Are you kidding me? Father-daughter assassin duo would make a great TV show.” And that was the Clint Bucky had just recently remembered. Didn’t stop him from gently flicking the man’s elbow in retaliation. “Hey! I’m literally in a hospital bed.”
Tony took a moment to glance at his husband, who was also smiling back at him, before enveloping her in a superhero sandwich.
your mom…” She saw him drum his fingers against his sternum, looking like he was deep in thought as he still remained silent.
“You’re such a genius. Promise me you’ll use your powers for good and not for evil?” Steve asked as he settled the two more comfortably on the bed. He inhaled the scent of his husband’s shampoo, a little disappointed he had missed the chance to shower with him.
"Well, is there any chance you can promise you won't be mad? Cause Pop already kinda lectured me and administered fair punishment -"
“That’s quite the long list,” she sneered at him.
"Cause I'm the best," Miles said as if it was obvious as he moved to sit next to his sister and get his own food.
“Look on the bright side, handsome,” the brunette added as he grabbed his love’s jaw gently. “Remember earlier when I said it was probably just GI problems? Well, you get to tell me
“I love you Joey,” he said before placing a final kiss on her forehead. “You’re still a good kid just…try and listen to your old man, okay?”
“Not the point, Papa,” the boy teased fondly, reminding him exactly of his father. “I was talking to my friend Gwen, and she has a step-mommy and a mommy. And we asked Ms. Jacobson why there isn’t a day for step-mommies and daddies cause they shouldn’t have to share. But she didn’t know either.”
“Buck woulda been so proud of you,” Steve said in agreement as Tony saw her cheeks flush bright pink.
“Why are you avoiding me?” James asked, seeing right through him and getting straight to the point. Clint only shrugged in response, too cowardice to look up at him. “Did I do something wrong?”
“I think you can manage sleeping in your sweats, huh?” she asked more to herself than to Tony as she searched around the room. Finding what she was looking for, she walked over to the empty glass on Steve’s bedside table before going to the bathroom to put some water in it.
“Anthony?” Mama prompted him kindly, giving Tony the courage to spit it out.
“His name’s Lucky,” James said quietly, shifting from foot to foot. “He’s yours. Well, ours but he’ll stay with you.” Clint just stared back at him in awe before turning back to the cutie in his arms...before turning back to the cutie still shifting around anxiously. “I thought...you know dogs are good support animals. And you could talk to him or not talk to him and just play with him. I’d help with costs and training and stuff-”
...except his cheeks were looking a little more red now.
Even the people of New York were excited to have Spidey back, getting cheers and thanks left and right.
“Sounds good, you okay here with Daci? I’ve got a few SI things I promised Pepper I’d do. Figured I’d take care of it while they nap,” Tony said just as quietly as he stood up and shifted Morgan in his arms.
Safe, thoroughly exhausted and feeling more love than she probably deserved, her eyes quickly shut as sleep consumed her.
On their anniversary of the day they married.
A range of emotions crossed over the Alpha's dumb face, before finally settling on annoyance.
“So you’ve said,” Sam quipped back, brown eyes challenging Steve’s blue until the blonde eventually looked away.  He felt a gentle hand on his shoulder as he continued ignoring his friend. This was not a conversation he wanted to have right now, especially at the end of his shift in front of homophobes.
Steve looked down at his niece, kissing the top of her head as he imagined his future extravagant single life.
He felt Tony shift on the couch, putting an arm around him as Steve hung his head in pain and anger. His head rested in his hands as his elbows rested on his knees, only slightly leaning into his husband’s embrace.
"Yeah... it’s a good thing Steve put in a good word for me then, huh?” Bucky asked with sarcasm.
Everything leading up to this moment flashed through her mind as a mixture of emotions washed over her.
STEVE
“-you can’t bullshit a bullshitter, my dear,” came from Tony before he rolled his eyes at his husbands quick “language” reprimand. “What I mean, is that it’s obviously not nothing. And you know Steve and I haven’t pushed you to talk about anything you don’t want to. And that includes this, but we wanted to give you the opportunity since we’re both here.”
"James, come back and take off your coat!" they heard Joey shout as the toddler ran into the living room.
“Hey, Em, Tony and I wanted to ask you about last night.”
“You, um. Forgot your badge,” he said dumbly, thrusting the item to Steve’s chest. He smiled back at him, taking the badge and putting it in his pocket.
“I’m not mad, Emerson. I promise. I am furious that the bullying situation escalated to the point that you felt the need to take on two full grown males, but not at
“Like I’m not going to tell Wade about this,” Peter chided as he opened the door enough to yank his husband inside.
“Yeah but apparently I’m still dropping the ball! I forgot…” he watched the brunette pause, like he wasn’t sure how to say what he needed to say next. Bucky closed his eyes before continuing. “I
She decided she’d take her time getting up.
"What! That's not fair! She's been training with you and is freakishly strong for such a tiny thing!"
,” the genius whispered out, obviously not having want to have said that out loud - if evidence by his suddenly rigid body and red ears.
“Why would you end it on the most boring of the three?” Joey asked with annoyance.
“Yeah, you like me.”
“You’re wrong by the way,” Steve said with a smile, enjoying the confused look on the pup’s face. “Your father? He does want you. And he has loved you since the moment he saw you jump off the monkey bars.” Steve smiled as the pup rearranged himself, turning to fully face the Alpha.
“Language, Daddy!”
The next morning he wasn’t surprised to be the first to wake; what surprised him was the change in positions by the inhabitants of the bed. Emerson was now perpendicular to the rest, her head resting on Steve’s chest while her legs were sprawled over the other two. One of which, he noted, was another pair of legs? Peter had somehow flipped completely, his head covered by the blankets as his feet sprawled up onto their pillow. He sat up a little to see his husband, smiling when he saw him in the same position as last night, curled up on his side, except he also had Emerson’s feet wrapped in a headlock.
“Like Peter Rabbit?” Steve asked, smiling brightly when Harley nodded and giggled in his arms. “What do you think, little puppy? Do you like Peter? Your big brother thinks it suits you and I agree.” Peter just squirmed in his blanket which had the two blondes chuckling.
,” Peter said before stomping off to his Dad’s lab.
“Cara confessed everything, I told you you’re not in trouble baby.” Joey simply stared back at her Pop.
“Do you really have to go?” she asked him with a frown. They’ve been living at the tower for one week and now her dad had to go meet a stranger and talk about his feelings.
knows exactly what
"Cause we're different colors?" Miles asked innocently. Tony couldn't help but laugh a little at that, how easy such an innocent mind could simplify such a delicate topic. He nodded, not wanting to lie to the boy.
“Should we try inviting your brother to dinner again?”
“You’re totally making it up in your head,” his husband agreed with him later. He finally emerged from the lab (after Steve had made the man another latte, of course) and watched Steve make dinner. Sitting on the counter like a child and not bothering to help the man.
She stared at him, unable to move or say anything as his words set in. She felt frozen and rigid and the combination of anger and betrayal burned inside of her. Her chest actually ached at the confession, confirming her worst suspicions that nobody wanted her. Before either of the men could say another word, she turned on her heels and left to her bedroom.
“We forgive you for things in your past, kiddo. And I’m sure your sister would’ve forgiven you as well. We all forgive you, Thumper, even when it involves keeping a secret about Mr. Grounded-for-three-months  McTraitor-pants,” the brunette said.
“Tony’s Steve?” the woman asked with a warm smile, extending her hand out to the blonde. “It’s nice to meet you young man, we’ve heard a lot about you. James why didn’t you let this boy inside?” she asked with a little ire to Rhodey.
“-What if we see if the Starks wanna join us? I bet it’d be fun watching Steve and Tony wrangle those three in public.” And that was at least more enjoyable of an idea, so she nodded yes.
She felt woozy but had no memory of drinking. She can’t even support her weight on her legs, crumbling a little as she heard the officer get more frustrated with her.
“Nice meeting you guys,” Clint said quietly before walking through the kitchen and straight out the front door.
"Right, that's not the point. The point is I love you and I want to spend the rest of my life with you. So, Peter Parker Stark...will you marry me?" he rushed out.
“She’s having a seizure,” the blonde explained as he gently pet her side.
May was away on business and Petey was with his grandma. Normally, he’d like his kids to be together when they’re gone…but Ruth – who already had dibs on Peter – was old fashioned…and Joey cussed too much.
“He’ll pull through, Steve,” his husband’s oldest friend whispered in assurance. He only nodded, mouth now full of an amazing apple fritter. The sounds of Sam and Emerson laughing sounded like it was somehow much farther away.
Steve actual made all the phone calls, able to get his shit together when he had actual tasks to perform. Tony enjoyed just holding Joey, who seemed to just be sleeping peacefully. When Steve finally calmed down from thinking she was dying from cancer, he asked to sit there and hold her. Which worked for Tony, who saw an opportunity to fix something that was broken – planning on giving it to her later.
“I will buy them an entire goddamn restaurant, just don’t stop,” he pleaded as he tried to undue his love’s belt clasps; his arms too short to reach at the position Steve had them in.
"Well any friend of Sam Wilson is a friend of mine, what can I do for you today?" Pat said warmly as he nodded to the kids standing next to their father.
“Have you ever seen the Wizard of Oz?” Steve asked as he began washing and chopping the potatoes.
Panic shot thru the preteen. She felt frozen in place, little stoned brain trying to think of a way out of this and wondering why he was home early.
“Oh...wow I don’t think I knew there were that many…”
he thought as he saw Tony out of the corner of his eye go do as he asked.
sorry baby," he said a little over dramatically as he hugged the giggly boy on his lap. "What did you guys do when I was gone?"
“Hm, then why don’t you think your sister loves me?” he asked, seeing Steve’s eyes open out of the corner of his eye. A frown quickly appeared on his boy’s face at the mention of the teen.
"Unca Petey!" Jamie exclaimed as he tackled the teen while Joey joined them on the couch to finagle the coat off the toddler.
“Join us, friend!” Thor bellowed, definitely tipsy by now. Tony stole a look at Steve, almost asking him permission to join their group, which had the blonde smiling and offering the shorter man his seat before leaving to grab another chair.
“Fine,” he muttered after a moment, standing up with a frown as the Stark kids cheered. “Daci you’re in charge of Clint and Morgan while I’m gone,” he added as Daci couldn’t help but smile at the statement.
“Really?” Steve asked, not able to keep the ire out of his voice. He felt guilty though when Tony immediately deflated at that.
He was small, a squirmy thing even though his eyes were closed. He sported a tuft of brown hair and the tiniest fingers Steve had ever seen.
"Dad's an adult, silly," Miles said between giggles.
Yeah, Cara confessed, but she also participated in doing some serious harm to Joey. Triggering a seizure for some revenge pics? None of them knew what to do if the seizure had gotten any worse. Or if she’d hit her head or broken something?
Yeah it was probably for the best he was in the waiting room along with the rest of his family. He momentarily wonders if his parents would’ve come if they hadn’t died in a car accident when he was twenty, but shakes his mind of it when his father-in-law hands him his coffee.
“Yes Miss Emerson?”
“I’m sorry! Jeez, what did Nana say?” she asked with a smile. His face suddenly hardened at that, knowing…
Yeah, it hurt dudes for obvious reasons…but she thought it was useless against vagina-owners.
“Really Ma?” Bucky asked with a glare as the woman shrugged her shoulders before going to set down what they brought into the kitchen.
“It’s probably correlated to the amount of wine you drink…” Bruce added.
Now or never, really.
Tony was interrupted when Peter asked, “she’s been having nightmares of that monster?”
“Let’s finish eating first, bud,” Tony said as he helped Harley eat. They settled into silence that only lasted a few minutes before Peter suggested it again, making Daci wonder if this family was capable of actual silence. Since Morgan was technically babbling the whole time.
“You and the dyke better stay away from my family.” Steve felt his blood boil.
“Tony, my love, the baby is okay. We have a son.” The Omega whipped his head up at that, looking into his mate’s eyes with disbelief. “Nurse!” Tony looked around to see that there was only one nurse remaining, who smiled with a nod before leaving them.
“I hope he likes dinosaurs!” Harley exclaimed excitedly, oblivious of the two adult’s anguish as the pup ate some fruit. They ate lunch in silence while the pup occasionally asked curious questions regarding his birth father.
“Verbal contract is legally binding in New York, Bambi,” Steve said as he continued his onslaught.
His mind snaps back to the present when Tony attacks his lips the second the elevator doors closed. Steve suddenly takes initiative and pushes Tony back against the wall, gripping his shoulders and kissing him like his life depended on it. Tony let out a pleased little moan that had Steve quickly pushing their bodies together, each party seeing how excited the other was. Steve moved his hands from the man’s shoulders, down his back and gripped that perky little ass he’s been dreaming about for days. The shorter man let out another little moan that sent a shiver down Steve’s spine.
He put his phone back down to keep signing these documents Pepper had threatened if he didn’t finish today. He glanced back at his phone, reading the message from Peter before going back to work.
“I just wanted to support you,” Steve said, cheeks and ears tinged pink as the blonde shrugged. “I got dressed and came here, and I was actually late. I wasn’t going to come in, convinced you could handle it when I saw you were outflanked. And yeah...maybe I went into bodyguard mode when I saw her playing footsie with you…” Steve playfully growled as Tony squinted back at him.
“Will I get to see these drawings of me?” Tony purred out, thoroughly enjoying the blush it got from the blonde.
“Pookie-bear?”
“Cause of me,” Tony whined out dramatically, covering his eyes with his crossed arms. “And my stupid knee surgery.”
“Not helping your case there, hot stuff,” he further teased at the blonde, laughing when the three people collectively groaned in complaint.
“You told told the entire cafeteria when you practically shouted it!” Steve did his best to plug his ears and focus on the game, not wanting to relive that particular experience or hear the two bicker anymore.
“Still, though,” Bucky added, “everyone deserves to be with someone who doesn’t treat them like shit. You deserve better than Brock.” He shot Clint a glare when he scoffed at that. “I mean it, Barton.”
“I’m no different than him,” he said quietly as he hung his head in defeat. It took Steve a minute to realize who he was talking about.
“How did you...where did you even get him?” Clint asked, still in somewhat of a daze as he gently put the puppy back on the ground.
“Why you ungrateful little – “
Her instincts flared as she assessed the man while simultaneously looking for both nearby weapons and a possible escape route. She slowly made her way over to them, noticing Peter’s body language change as the man reached for the boy’s arm. In two more steps, she was close enough to hear Peter say ‘no’ before she stomped her foot - sending the man flying back into the gift shop window.
“Look, I’m not dismissing he’s a little hot piece of Omega-ass...but that doesn’t mean you need to bond with the first one you’ve stuck your dick in!”
The fourth message was a picture of his handsome husband’s face – which was frozen in a contorted and ridiculous manner; tongue sticking out and cross-eyed. He snorted a laugh, turning to see her look over curiously before showing her his phone, glad to see her also burst into giggles.
Peter
“How about we head to the art room and let Daci and Papa finish eating, okay?” Tony asked, making Daci shoot him a smile in relief.
"Oh, I see what's going on here. I tired you out. Is that it?" the blonde said as he slowly took off his hoodie. Tony stared at him the whole time, wondering for a moment if this was some kind of trick before his Adonis husband took off his pajama bottoms.
A small, sleepy, fluffy, light brown...three legged puppy????
“Um, okay...Tony works in the lab for too long at a time. Like three days in a row.” The statement, though brought upon by his husband, upset the man like a petulant child.
“Great.”
“Can you tell us now?” Tony asked gingerly. She slowly turned to him before answering.
“What are we painting?”
Bucky followed Steve’s line of sight and laughed as well, shaking his head fondly as he went to take the cookies away from her.
“What’d you get me?” Tony asked as he obediently followed Steve to his room, sitting on the bed and swinging his feet in anticipation. The blonde froze for a moment, before looking down at the ground.
Jarvis had greeted them warmly, but his parents were a different story.
“You’re only taking her side cause of your new name,
“What’s wrong with a nanny?” his shorter father asked in confusion. Peter scoffed as loudly as he could before his other father spoke up for him.
"Like you ever have to worry about that," her Dad teased at him, getting a giggle from the boy sitting in between them. The giggle could also be attributed to the fact that Max had scaled the couch and was inspecting her little brother's food.
“Tony, you are proving my point with your dramatics! Your father is getting treatment for his problems. And you are obviously too young to run SI and lord knows your godmother couldn’t handle such a responsibility. I am merely here to offer my assistance.”
His love chuckled into the kiss, which only warmed the blonde’s heart more, before pulling away enough to speak.
. But either way, I’d love to talk crap about you on TV.” He glared at her in response before a smile broke across his face.
“NO!” he shouted, startling the man below him as she watched Steve move to pry Peter off of the man.
“Tati?” she asked quietly.
Steve scoffed next to him. “I don’t see that happening anytime soon.”
“You lost that privilege when you put your hands on that boy.”
He shared a smile with his husband before grabbing some of the blanket to cuddle further under. Tony pushed some of the hair out of her face before loudly kissing her cheek. Her giggles turned to groans when he then leaned up to kiss his husband on the lips.
“Okay, so Pepper watches Peter until eleven when Jo comes home. How does that sound?” he asked the two. Jo rolled her eyes at that, but nodded reluctantly.
She looked up at him for a moment before shrugging her shoulders.
The sight before them…was hilarious.
And Jesus did his kiddos just eat it up.
“Yeah can you not refer to me as a dirty whore when my three year old wakes up from his nap?”
“You are absolutely right!” he quickly agreed and changed his demeanor. “I should really make an effort to visit my husband at his workplace more often! You are truly a genius my dear.” Joey couldn’t help laughing at that, knowing that man was also full of shit as they made their way to pick up some food to bring to Steve.
Damn that woman.
“JUST OPEN THE FUCKING DOOR!” she shouted, now drawing the attention of the nurses.
“So, not a teacher, right?”
There was Harley, cooing softly in the arms of his father - who Tony wasn’t even aware was back yet. Howard was cradling the baby and standing near the mantle donned by family pictures.
“Steve! Daddy! I made a hundred on my math test!” Harley cried, running over to the two and giving each one a hug.
He heard the crying before he made it to the door, heart breaking from the sounds. The father quietly opened to door, heart breaking further at the sight before him.
“Come on Joey, you can do it,” Bucky repeated as she again toddled a little forward on her two wobbly legs.
“Peter, I don’t think I used those words…” Steve began. “But yeah, I do brag about you a lot. Apparently,” the blonde said pointedly to the boy, hands moving to his hips in mock anger. The boy giggled in response while Joey found herself smiling as warmth filled her chest.
Everything worked perfectly, he pick-pocketed Barnes’ wallet  in the hallway when the final bell rang and gave him a head start before he followed the teen home. Luckily he didn’t live far from the school, since Clint had to ride his bike and he was still sore from gymnastics yesterday.
He texted the man back, smiling at thinking how far his boyfriend had come over the year. It was only a few minutes before a familiar Mustang pulled up, the blonde spending that time reminiscing as he quickly got in the car.
To be fair, Tony had braided Emerson's hair like every other day the last month; once more before he left on his trip as if he anticipated her quote "betrayal." So Steve didn't feel bad about the surprise, sure he'd still love the looks of their two youngest.
“Jo…” he groaned out as pointy knees and elbows stabbed him. Just as she got settled, the doorbell rang and she scrambled off him to go answer it.
“A growth spurt? You don’t say?” the mercenary asked sarcastically, earning a cheek kiss when the attention turned to his little brother and his ‘journey to being a man’.
The front door opened, telling Tony Steve was home but was too furious to care. Where the hell was Tiberius??
“Actually, that last video you showed me? He’s looking more and more like May,” she said – just out of spite, as she gathered her things and walked over to kiss him on the cheek.
“You go sit next to Dad. It’ll be better lumbar support, ya know, for men of your age.”
“Yes, me. I’m not mad. Deadpool saved my son’s life on more than one occasion apparently; and today you helped save my husband’s. But you should still go before someone sees mister supposed to be horribly injured here out of bed,” he said with a pointed look at Peter. He was glad his Pop had changed into sweats; he was less intimidating that way.
Steve’s nose scrunched up as he thought about it.
“You could always…punish me for my disobedience,” he responded suggestively while he hopped down. He squealed internally when he saw the flicker of change in Steve’s eyes. The hungry desire that usually means he was about to get rough. In an instant, Tony found himself turned around and shoved down against the table while a solid body pressed up against his back.
“I paid a kind older gentleman outside a liquor store. He was really nice, most guys just demand to see my tits but he just took the money,” she explained innocently as she stared at her father’s tombstone.
drive drunk?” He finished before clearing his throat to get a hold of himself. He watched her curl her arms around herself in response, still not looking at Steve. He stared down at her, seeing she wasn’t going to answer him just yet.
Yeah, drinking and driving was horrendous. And she was telling the truth when she said she’d never do it again – only thinking about her Dad dying because of it.
When she turned into her room, she laughed at the two superheroes sitting on her bed with a small present between them.
What he saw made him stop in his tracks.
“Yeah well, good to see you’re still a hard-headed jackass,” Steve maturely responded, taking both mugs and raising Buck’s as a silent offer to get him another. The brunette shook his head no before slouching a little in his stool. Steve frowned before quickly washing the mugs, thinking about what they were originally talking about. “So, your lack of sleep issue, I have an idea,” Steve said as he wiped his hands on a towel before turning back to his oldest friend. Bucky was just glaring back at him.
“– No Pop. Are you still in love with him?” He stared incredulously at her. Was that really what Tony was thinking? That I’d choose Bucky over him?
“Yes, I asked your neurotic uncle first,” he replied, easily agreeing with her.
“And I love you, kiddo, even if you’re not yet a believer.” He looked at her a moment longer before gently draping his hand down her face, much to her dismay.
"Oh you are so pissed right now," she said, totally calling the man out.
He took a breath before grabbing the med kit, pulling out the supplies he had to deal with bruises before asking her kindly to pull her shirt back up. She looked wearily at him for a moment, which admittedly broke his heart a little, before doing as he asked.
“Of course I’m telling on you,” Emerson said as she walked directly to Peter, Wade on her tail. “Peter, your father took your new kid down to his
“I’m not doing this for you,” the blonde snapped back, hands gripping tighter on the control wheel.
"She can call me whatever she wants," Tony said with a smile as he kissed the baby several times on her adorable face. "She can even add 'Lady' to the front, I don't care." They turned their attention to the giggling toddler, who was currently being thrown in the air by their teenager.
“Captain Coulson is retiring in the fall which would give you enough time to take the necessary exams to replace him, if you’re interested.” Steve stared at him dumbfounded, thinking he was coming in here to get fired and Fury was offering him a promotion.
“Tony,” he began, waiting for the brunette to finally make eye contact before continuing. “Why didn’t you tell me about him? Especially if you’re not surprised he ambushed me at work?” Tony winced at that, face obviously pained at the questions. Steve kept his hands on the shorter man’s hips, one hand gripping tighter to remind him that he was waiting for an answer.
“No dada,” she said, reaching on her tiptoes for the shiny thing she could put in her mouth.
“No uh…he just…reminds me of…” his voice trailed off, shaking his head. “Never mind, it’s nothing.”
Her head hurt. The pain registered along with feeling of ropes around her hands, tied down to something. Her back was against a solid surface, her feet barely touching the ground. She felt her eyes blink open but still saw darkness, she shifted her face a little, realizing fabric was around her head and thus inhibiting her from seeing. Kidnapped, tied to a fucking chair and blindfolded, she concluded to herself, trying to remember what the hell happened.
“Don’t worry about it. Not like you were the one who did those things,” she tried playing it off with another chuckle. He didn’t return the smile that time.
“Yeah,” Steve said after he collected himself, wiping his face of happy tears, “they tend to do that.”
Maybe it was the hope of winning over Harley, who was mostly polite to Steve but continued keeping him at a distance. Regardless, it was a particularly long ride until they finally reached the Rogers’ house. During that time, he and Harley sat quietly while Tony hummed along to different songs on the radio.
“You know, I didn’t think it was possible for any of you three to be
"Welcome friends," T'Challa greeted, smiling when Pop returned his outstretched hand to return the greeting. "Where is the young man we are celebrating?"
“Daciana, why don’t you and I find the ice cream vendor?” Natasha asked quietly, startling his kid who looked back at the redhead in shock. “
“I’m sorry, to all of you. Sorry for sneaking out and hacking Jarvis, sorry for lying to you two, sorry to you – Peter, you almost died…because of me,” her tears started running down her face as the three sat back in baffled awe at her words.
“Holy shit I think I’m in love,” Steve blurted out, face red when Tony turned to him incredulously. It wasn’t like the brunette wasn’t thinking the same thing, so he let out a laugh that the blonde quickly joined in on. “I just...I’ve never felt this...connection with anyone else. Ever.”
You know…based on the current state he was in; which was still mouth gaping like a large mouth bass.
“You don’t? Am I...am I too late?” he asked, looking up at the blonde from where his head was resting on the bed. He hadn’t even considered that Clint’s feelings had changed.
"You're kidding," Steve deadpanned, offended at the thought.
“You pwomise, Steeb?” he asked. Steve took the opportunity to run his hands through the thick brown locks, smiling as the boy seemed calmer after doing so.
“I don’t know, you’re still kicking. You should give yourself more credit,” Bucky said as he sat next to him on the floor, rummaging through the bags for more toys.
“I don’t want your money, I’d rather have you,” she said sincerely. Tony felt his chest warm up, kissing the top of her head as his own eyes got misty. Thoughts of his own childhood flashed through his mind, before he made himself focus on making new memories with his girl. And since he was the king of using humor as a defense mechanism…
But Bucky helped fly Clint out to England to see said injured brother.
“Unca Ro!” Morgan shouted in excitement, reaching out to her uncle with sticky fingers. Tony shared a look with Steve, surprised at the smile and wink his husband threw at him. Which was weird, cause wasn’t he mad at him the last time they saw each other?
“Soon, I promise,” she said kindly. “We’ll give him a little more time to come back from the anesthesia and then we’ll send you guys back.”
“Sorry Pete, I’d rather not piss off a fossil with a –” her eyes grew wide at her slip. She looked at Steve, who looked back at her with a Cheshire grin.
The toddler let out a growl, curling her little hands into what he assumed were monster claws as she roared at him.
son. Now why are you here?”
“I will cherish them forever...and store that Polaroid in my wallet…”
Which he had once explained to her was the point. To give her time to think about what wrongdoing she had done.
“No! No no. NO. You went through all this trouble, it would be rude of me to not at least sample your act of kindness,” he said seriously, getting a laugh from Steve. He watched his man grab one and pop the whole thing in his mouth, moaning slightly at the food orgasm currently happening behind his plump lips.
"Let's get our girl," he said as the walked around the debris to get to the hidden entrance to the underground tunnels. T'Challa had informed them beforehand, as he rode behind and ordered the Dora Mijale to find Klaue and look out for Emerson. They were given access to the blueprints of the tunnels as they tried to figure out how the outlaw had orchestrated all of this.
“Tony,” his husband growled in warning, “I swear I should’ve given those daises to someone else. Save me a lot of trouble.”
“Clint. Is that...is that how you lost your hearing, you were in the car with them?” Bucky asked incredulously, losing the battle with restraint as he flipped to lay on his side and wrap his arms around Clint, burying his face in the smaller teen’s chest and not waiting for an answer.
Something must’ve been missing, because the group Em recognized had started talking loudly at the man, who was no longer alone when a few of his friends joined his side. Peter turned back to Emerson who shot him a quick nod before quickly moving in the opposite direction.
,” she groaned, also finding it hard to breathe under his crushing embrace as he realized with a chuckle and loosened his grip. If only slightly.
“What is this fundraiser even for?” he asked with a pout. His husband laughed before looking up at the man with a smile.
When Clint politely shook his head no, she decided then and there that she was the one who needed to do something about this.
” she whispered to him, watching as Hulk gently picked up Harley and chased Peter around.
She sits at the kitchen counter in her parents’ home, overcome with sadness and despair as she tries to remember what her wife even looked like. It had been that long.
Of course, Steve and Tony had noticed earlier that they liked each other earlier - they just thought it should be more organic.
“What’s going on in here?”
Now it was her turn to look dumbfounded.
This was real.
“We should get going, happy to house you whenever you need it JoJo,” Clint offered, smiling at the teen as he and Natasha made their exit.
“Yes,” she whispered, blinking away some of the fresh tears. “I…I would like that.”
“No one said that,” Steve countered, the little shit.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Mr. Stark, we understand your concerns, we can provide body guards for you and your family…but Kevin’s right sir, unless we have
“I said Tony was hot, not that I wanted to fuck him!” Nat and Sam both rolled their eyes and turned their attention back to Steve.
“What? I didn’t sweat on it,” Steve sassed back.
Why was she worried about him? “Why are you worried about me, Emerson?”
“Can’t we just, have some fun instead?” Tony murmured seductively as he tried to reach a hand down to Steve’s crotch. The blonde gently grabbed his wrist to stop him, then slowly pulled the shorter man onto the bed with him.
In fact, Joey has, on more than one occasion, tried to convince Steve his ‘impeccable character development’ would help her understand her required school readings better. Though the blonde blushed each time, he didn’t give in to her clever schemes. He’d been reading to her since she was born, he was familiar with her cute attempts to have him read to her. Especially when it came to her trying to get out of school work.
She was interrupted by some not-so-subtle coughing from the mediator, who gave her a look when Emerson made eye contact. Right, behave.
Those words, sincere and heartfelt, broke the dam she spent fifteen years building. The well of emotions overtook her as her body began to shake from the sobbing. As she curled in on herself, she couldn’t help the flinch her body threw at Steve’s attempt at physical comfort. With the second attempt of placing his hands in hers, she allowed it, screwing here eyes tight as she felt Tony grab her other hand. Even in her fragile state, she recognized they were respecting her boundaries, feeling some small warmth in her chest knowing they weren’t trying to force her to do anything.
“Hey Tony.”
“So she and her little group of bitches can attack you again?”
“Tony, regardless of what I want, this is
“No it’s not that it’s just…so you’re really not mad?” Steve looked sadly down at his kid, who may never not be skeptical of the superhero.
He stood up and stepped a few feet away to give them privacy, leaning against a wall and attempting to not let the wave of various emotions drown him. Footsteps approached from his left, which he believed to be a doctor until a familiar voice interrupted his thoughts.
“So mechanic, do you remember anything your dad taught you?”
"Dad!" Emerson shouted as she threw a pillow at him. He only laughed when he caught it; Peter, Emerson and their Pop collectively groaned as Peter saw his Pop gently shove his Dad off his lap and onto the couch next to him.
“Come on, Steve. If anything I owe you an apology for focusing on my boyfriend instead of you and your mother in a coma. The truth is,” Bucky continued after reaching a hand out to rest on the blonde’s shoulder, “we’re both growing up. We’ve both - shockingly enough - have long term boyfriends. They’re both short and weird little perverts but we confide in them instead of depending on friends or parents.” Steve stared at him for a moment as a smile crept across his face.
“I did her a favor because neither of us deserved you as a mother.” She paused to take another breath, secretly enjoying the truly hurt look on the older woman’s face. She meant every word, this woman never should have been able to give birth to children and keep them.
She did suddenly find herself laughing, however, when she heard Steve chastise his husband for the unhealthy proposal.
“She went to bed early,” Tony said with a frown. “Said she wasn’t feeling well. I think she had a bad day at school…” he said with concern. That wasn’t exactly a new occurrence for Jo. And it actually put the blonde’s mind at ease, knowing both kids were safe and home in bed. Where he and his husband should probably be heading to…
Tony was talking to Bruce over speakerphone to meet them in the medical wing of the Tower, explaining Clint was bringing their children to meet them as well. One of which…was SPIDERMAN. Tony ran a red light and still Steve didn’t reprimand him, too furious at their son to think straight.
“So Mr. Perfect isn’t as perfect as you thought, huh?”
But Steve promised not to lay a hand on Howard.
And Clint offered endless babysitting opportunities - which Bucky promptly shut down.
“Has she hit you with her slipper?” she asked him.
This was not the same thing.
“Get her dry and we’ll talk,” Steve challenged him, knowing that while this toddler absolutely
“Do you still love him?” the father asked cutting to the chase. Peter looked at him wide eyed; either at the question or his answer…or both.
“Alright, head down to Clint’s floor, Daci. Come back when you get tired of him,” Tony said to the girl with a smile, watching her run towards the elevator.
“Hey, you wanna spend the weekend with Nat and Clint again?” He felt her shift her head around on his chest.
Steve was livid but tried not to convey that over the phone as his Omega begged him to go grab the pup, since Tony had already planned back to back meetings at SI.
“Don’t listen to the museum piece. You be safe before you have fun,” he quipped.
Bucky’s bio father, Carlton Barnes, was an abusive piece of shit who Buck vowed would never meet his granddaughter. When they were little and would spend the weekend with him, back when their mom didn’t know any better, they’d get the shit beat of them.
“Shit…” he slipped out, really too exhausted to keep this going any further.
The three all breathed a sigh of relief in unison, which caused the group to also burst into giggles; all exhausted from this evening.
He had a few weeks left to have the place to himself and debated back and forth whether he should throw the note out or not. For all he knew, it was just a nice gesture from an incredibly handsome billionaire. Nothing to read into or make any assumptions from.
“I will, thanks Pop.”
“If you say so, Sir. It’s a little weird calling superheroes by their first names.”
“Oof,” the blonde said in offended agreement.
“It’s a pleasure to finally meet you Mister…and Mister Stark,” Wade said sitting back down.
“You spared her a much longer and more painful death. You’re not a monster. And you were absolutely right – you sure as shit didn’t deserve us as parents.” Tears flowed freely down Emerson’s face as she smiled back at the woman. Her eyebrows furrowed as she considered asking a question she’s had since she was six.
They made sure to get bubble tea as they shopped, Xavier driving her crazy with how many stores he needed to look at to ‘find the perfect gift.’ As she whined audibly for the tenth time, he again ignored her while he talked to the girl behind the counter.
“– ruin it any further. There, happy? Before he does let me just say anything done before morning coffee cannot be held against me.”
But he took that opportunity to take the offer, walking towards the kitchen with warmth in his chest.
After Steve left to take care of Peter, it wasn’t long before the other two Stark babies wanted to go back to their floor. Luckily, Clint sensed that Daci wanted to stay longer and asked Nat to take the two babies upstairs so they could stay in the gym.
All previous confidence flew out the window, as well as his sanity, as he simply nodded in response.
“Instead of playing in the gym...maybe we can make some cookies?” Peter suggested after a moment of silence, which instantly got his two younger siblings to cheer in agreement.
“No but-”
Tony smiled fondly, always loved teasing her.
PETER
A thought popped in her head when she saw him glance at his weapon of choice.
“We’ve dealt with plenty of horny drunks before ma’am,” Sam said as he gathered his equipment, getting a laugh from the injured man and a scoff from the brunette.
“Tony Stark are you having fun? At a school function?” Pepper asked with her hands on her hips as he approached his friend group.
“I don’t need another paparazzi pic–”
“So you and Rumlow, huh?” Buck asked, surprising himself with his own question.
“Steve?” the gorgeous man said with a bright smile.
after I create a new suit that’s bulletproof and isn’t
At this point, Tony couldn’t help himself, Steve was so goddamn cute and confused and it always made the butterflies in his stomach flutter – even after over 20 years together, thank you very much – he grabbed his face in both hands and slowly kissed the sexy blonde.
I say about him, Pete? He makes us eat vegetables, and go to bed early on school nights,
“I…you…why aren’t you freAKING OUT?!” she screamed – her mind hadn’t stopped racing since she spoke with the zombie.
“Okay, whatever it is Tony, it’s okay. Just say it.”
She sat next to her Uncle Thor as he looked confusedly at her school work. Her train of thought about her brother was interrupted when she heard him “humph” next to her.
“Look, what’s done is done, okay? Harry is still alive, in the hospital, and...and that’s all I know about him but Mr. Osborn doesn’t know it was me!” Peter really might throw up.
"Touche old man," Peter said as Miles rejoined the men, holding dark purple scarves in both hands.
"Well, then I'd be a pretty big hypocrite, not liking someone with similar experiences..." And because Bucky was secretly a little shit at heart, couldn't pass up responding.
“Steeb better not!” Peter exclaimed, glaring a little at the man whose lap he was sitting in.
“It was never that I didn’t want you…it was that I never felt good enough to have you.” Her head shot up at that, eyes equally watery as she looked at him in confusion.
Bundled in his arms was the most beautiful creature Tony had ever seen.
“Come on, Peter, you’re going to hurt your Daddy squeezing that tight.”
FLASHBACK
“I see. You two go to the same school as Emerson, right? Well why don’t you do your one job, push the fucking button, and let my niece here back to see her father who is in a
“But there is cause for celebration! The Winter Soldier has been approved to join our ranks!” the god said with a pout, mid pouring his drink into the glass of soda he was drinking out of.
A voice...very quiet...reminded him that this child was also under his protection. He momentarily stopped his quest to turn to Daciana.
“Well, remember Daddy and I talking about how you might have a new foster brother?”
"Barnes, this is Miles. Miles, this is your Pop's friend from childhood. Remember what I told you about being nice to the elderly?" the smug man asked as Miles giggled into his shoulder.
"Oh yeah? Smartass? Em we're coming with you whether you want us to or not. In fact, you'll be squeezing your Dad's hand whenever you feel pain, okay?" the blonde said as he started leading their daughter back to the exam room.
But as Bucky pulled back, he saw the flash of anger in Clint’s eyes that made the comparison that much more real - the anxiety like led in his stomach.
Because his boyfriend was his better half and could therefore read his mind, Tony asked Clint to join him in getting more candy; leaving the two alone to talk.
“Talk to me first, then you can have your wicked way with me.” The genius could only scoff at that, disappointed his deflection didn’t work.
“It was about two months in, he was…having a rough go of things,” he smiled when Peter huffed – well aware of the things his Dad did in his past; had several lectures on the dangers of such activities. “And he dumped me. Because he
“I’m so glad you texted me,” the woman began before Emerson quickly interrupted her, one hand raised.
“Steven, I believe you promised me a tour of the grounds?” Okoye said to her Pop, who nodded enthusiastically and grabbed her Dad’s hand.
Steve looked back at his niece, laughing at seeing she had figured out how to open the package of cookies and was covered in chocolate and crumbs.
He took the last few steps to be within arms reach.
“Dr. Chase told me you’d make a full recovery, don’t think you can milk this, babe,” Steve said. He glared at his husband, forgetting twenty years together meant he could read his damn mind.
"Oh we're not going to Asgard," Tony began as he moved his cup to lean across the island, "in two months, we're going to Wakanda." Emerson shrieked and jumped off her stool, startling the little boy next to her. Steve smiled as she danced around and ran to hug the super soldier in gratitude.
It wasn’t like he hadn’t thought about it in the couple of years since the last time. Of course he thought about it. But, he hadn’t needed it, not the way he did now. Not in that crawling, jittery way that made it feel like he was going to shake out of his skin if he didn’t
“Why?” the King asked, cocking his head to the side.
“Steve—Captain Rogers—really said this was okay?” Tony asked dubiously after a long moment.    White Coat One, Dr. Reese, okay, fine, whatever, was either the world’s best at inducing Stockholm Syndrome or telling the truth, and Tony wasn’t sure which concept was harder to accept.  His mind was skidding through the possibilities too quickly, like he was seeing them out the car window in one long, blurred line.  The idea of--of having some control, not having to go through that again…He thought back to being curled on the floor by his bed, pumping a dildo in and out of his ass while he rutted against the carpet, trying to get any kind of relief while his body was on fire from the inside out, and he wanted to grab the bottle and run almost as badly as he wanted to assure the doctor that he would never, ever use such a thing.
“Thanks. Again.  For the car, I mean,” Tony said, trying to keep his voice neutral as he maneuvered from the ramp onto the freeway Frogger-style as Steve sucked in a breath and pursed his lips, probably wishing for some pearls to clutch.  “And the license thing.  You didn’t have to.”
“Come on, Cap. You can lead.  Let’s see if you got your Astaire on already,” Tony said, crooking both of his hands in small waves to indicating Steve should come join him in the middle of the living room.  He wasn’t sure what he was even doing.  This was stupid.  What did it matter?  Except that it clearly mattered to Steve, meant something.  When was a dance not just a dance?  He didn’t know the answer, but stood rooted to the spot, unable to simply leave whatever it was well enough alone.   This was important to Steve for whatever reason, and that…well, that was something he couldn’t just walk away from, it turned out.
“Good on that, too,” Fury added with a low chuckle.  “Howard, he never knew what he had.  Or, he did, but he was too much of a jealous, petty little dick of man to do anything with it,” Fury snorted, making Steve huff out a laugh and Tony have to swallow a shocked cough.  “You don’t want to take my advice about the boy, fine.  But, next time, can you maybe try just keeping him on a shorter leash?  Coulson’s already said the phrase “custom-made Douglas-fir paneling” more times than I ever want to hear in my life.”
Wait.  Why didn’t he want it?  And how had the whole conversation gotten turned around so quickly?  He felt a bit like he had whiplash.  One minute, he had been asking Brock to slow down, and the next, he was somehow apologizing.  Why was he apologizing?  Sure, he’d not really timed that well, and he’d be the first to say, he wasn’t the best at these conversations, but… it all felt off.
Finally, after what seemed to Tony like hours, the thing in his ass started to deflate and the not-gel in the cylinder around his cock slowed its movements to soft, slow strokes around his abused cock.  Whatever it was in his ass retracted, and the alien’s hand slipped from Tony’s forehead, making Tony whimper a bit at the loss of contact. He watched as the alien walked around the table and between his legs again, then the alien was pulling the probe or whatever it was from Tony’s ass, leaving him empty and gaping wide. Only for a moment, though.  Tony saw the alien wave his hand again, and the not-gel slid up the crease of Tony’s ass and inside his hole, filling his stretched insides with a warm, undulating softness that gently massaged and soothed him all the way from deep inside to the abused ring of his hole.
“Do you see an angry redhead in the cab next to us?” Tony asked, and Steve found himself turning to stare dumbly out the tinted window.
Thirty-six more days.  Barely over a month.
Which was an insane idea, obviously, and yet there was a sketch on a piece of parchment next to three types of fuse materials sitting on the table in front of him and Steve knew it would work, just the way the King said, which was both impressive and annoying, for some reason Steve couldn’t quite name.  He thought he had swayed the King to most of his suggestions, though the King’s faith in his siege engines and machines, as he called them, made Steve reconsider several aspects along the way, and now, he thought as he stared down at the table…what they had reached together was a vast improvement, even he could admit.
“You have it. You have me. I think,” Tony broke off, glancing away for a long moment, a strange, almost uneasy expression crossing his face. “I think that we are bound together,” he continued, turning back towards Steve, “and it cannot be any other way. What we do with that is up to us. But this… this is what I
His voice sounded funny, even to his own ears.  Tinny and hollow, in a way it hadn’t sounded for a very long time.  Had he said that before?  The last time?  He’d gone over to what had been their apartment with the papers, full of pain trying its damnedest to be anger, and Steve had been unpacking a sound bar for the new TV, trying to scoop up the flecks of white Styrofoam wafting all over the place.
“They look good,” Tony’s voice called out from behind him as he watched the replay of this morning’s training session.  “Not us-good, but good.  Like Avengers Lite.”
A small, balding man with a squished, pallid face rushed out.  He wore flowing red robes held at the shoulder with a large gold pin in the shape of the same flower that graced the doors came out to greet the Lord as he stepped out of his carriage.
“M’gd,” Tony mumbled.  His eyelids drooped and his head dipped down to his chest.  God, he was just so sleepy.
“I figured you’d pulled your company out of weapons because you got spooked and felt guilty, which, maybe that isn’t fair to judge, but I know how much we rely on the stuff we use out there to work properly, to keep that barrier of safety up just a little longer, so I kind of resented it a bit.  I still know a lot of guys serving over there, so…I don’t know.  Thought you’d gone tree-hugger because you had to see it up close.  What you profit on.  And maybe that’s a luxury only someone like you can have, you know?” Steve began.
“Huh?” Brock said, his head snapping around to Steve.
It was like a gut-punch, it hurt, it physically hurt, hearing them talk so casually, so
“Go away, Tony, I’m busy.  Your Master of Woo is already at your apartment, FYI,” Pepper responded.  “He says he’s checking to see if he can touch two walls if he stretches his arms out.”
Three hours of bad coffee, brandied cherries, poached pears, graphs, profit and cost projections, environmental impact, investment credits and tax incentives had gone by without either of them quite realizing the time.  Tony found himself halfway through outlining the opportunities with the United Nations’ Sustainable Energy for All program when he realized Steve was passed out against the wall behind his bed with an Army Energy Initiatives Task Force request for proposals clutched to his chest in a partially crumpled wad.
“I’ve already taken the liberty of handling the transfer, Sir,” JARVIS responded quietly.
“I think that’s my line,” Steve replied, flicking the cap off the tube.  He slicked up his fingers, then stretched back over to kiss Tony again. Tony sighed, his legs falling open, and shifted one knee up to allow Steve better access.  Steve’s fingers found the tight furl of Tony’s hole and circled it. With his other hand, he smoothed back Tony’s hair where it had plastered to his forehead and kissed him there. Then on the tip of his nose.  His cheeks, his chin, and finally his mouth again. Tony’s eyes were open, deep black pools watching him, glazed over with pleasure, his face slack.
Slowly, Shellhead propelled them through the water.  Steve wasn’t sure if he had some destination in mind or just hoped that they would run into a ship, but he trusted Shellhead to know the sea better than he ever could.  Steve leaned back against the curve of the ship’s bow and closed his eyes. The grayish haze of evening faded into darkness until what was behind his eyes was almost the same as what was in front of them.  He’d stopped fearing the nights, though. They were cool, and that was a blessed relief. Shellhead was there, and even on the few nights when the winds tossed the little boat, Steve hadn’t been afraid, not exactly.  Shellhead wouldn’t let him drown, he was sure of it, though a part of him thought that was probably unfair of him to think. Still, it settled him. Comforted him. And strangely, he was sure it was true. Even out here, in the middle of nowhere, he trusted that Shellhead would catch him before he fell into the deep.  If that was to be his fate, he thought it would likely be both of theirs, and that thought was really the one that brought his decision to a head.
“He really needs to sleep a bit more.  I promised mom we'd bring him by the rehab center.  Last time, he slept the entire visit.  Which, by the way, so did you, don't think I didn't notice," Steve admonished with a soft smile.  "Maybe just rock him a little longer.  He likes that,” Steve suggested.
“Stark-Rogers,” Tony replied easily.  He couldn’t help grin at the way it rolled off his tongue.  Each time he said it, it felt more true, more real, and there was comfort in that, saying it out loud to the world.
“Nick Fury is a lot of things, but infallible is hardly one of them,” Peggy replied.  “Enough politics! Besides, we’re boring the citizenry.  Ana’s about to nod off, look,” she continued, giving the woman next to Jarvis on the sofa a soft look. “Come on, now, Howard, you aren’t truly going to try to keep my Godson from me, are you? It’s Christmas!  I barely get to see him as it is.  Maria, would you talk some sense into your husband?”
“Isn’t it?” Tony challenged.  He held Steve’s steady gaze for as long as he could, until the cold numbness that started in his chest seeped to his hands and he couldn’t keep still any longer.  He needed to move.  For a fraction of a second, he could see a corridor with double doors at the end and everything he wanted waiting inside.  He sucked in a shaky breath and put the sandwich aside, brushing the few crumbs off his lap before he stood up.  “This isn’t what I…look, forget it, okay?  Let’s just go back.  Unpack.   Get settled.  I’ve got some calls to make anyway.”
“Not with all those injuries. Manuel will be out by the end of the season, you watch,” Steve predicted.  “Shouldn’t have paid that much for Bay.  And letting Putz go?”
“That’s…probably accurate,” Coulson replied. He huffed out a laugh and shook his head a bit, then leaned back in his seat and regarded Tony for a moment.
“I understand,” Steve said in a dull, flat voice. His eyes flicked to the boy’s wide, brown ones, then back down to Zola.  He sucked in a breath.  “I understand,
, man,” Rollins added.
Shellhead didn’t appear, though Steve waited, waist-deep in the water, hoping to spot the familiar splash until thirst drove him back to the beach.  He made his way back to his cabin, or what was left of it after they cannibalized the pieces for the repairs to the
“Welcome to the team, Captain,” Bruce said with a crooked smile. “All I got was a coffee mug when I joined.  Congratulations, by the way.  Both of you.”
They had a funeral.  Just him, his mom, and Bucky came, a paltry showing considering there wasn’t much else to do in town and funerals tended to draw a crowd, if for no other reason than you were noticed if you didn’t attend, and there was usually food afterwards.  That unspoken rule didn’t seem to apply to Joseph Rogers, though a few people did bring baskets laden with foodstuffs by over the weeks after the funeral.
Steve pictured it in his mind. Tony, on red velvet, his limbs splayed wide with golden cords, skin alight in the glow of the fire while a feather danced up and down his gleaming cock.  Then, the vision changed, and it was Steve tied down--no, chains, he liked the feeling of the metal on his skin. Chains Tony made. And Tony over him while he begged for release, never getting enough friction from the feather to allow him to find it.  He swallowed thickly and licked his lips.
“Thanks,” Steve called out, not looking back, just forward.  Head down, shoulders back, soldier, we go forward.  The mantra’s voice in his head sounded like Phillips, but Phillips was dead, barking orders at God now, and Steve was here, head down, shoulders back, going forward.
Tony caught Steve’s gaze, teeth scraping lightly through the latex as he pushed the last roll of the condom around Steve’s shaft and slowly pulled back until only the head of Steve’s cock was held in his mouth.  He started sucking then, alternating between light, teasing suction and hard, draining suckling that made Steve’s eyes want to roll back in his head.  Everything was the heat of Tony’s mouth and tongue and the glorious pulling-pressure as he sucked.
“Yeah, lots to discuss, Pep, but, first things first. There’s a former judge from Boston sitting on the Board of Directors for one of our subs.  VectraTech.  Little software start-up we funded about seven years ago. Name’s Arthur Mitchell.  I’ll figure out what else to do with him later, but get him off that Board.  I don’t care what you have to do,” Tony ordered.  “Nice, cushy, post-retirement job sitting on a Board.  Payment for services rendered, I guess.  Jesus.  I want him gone, Pep.  First thing tomorrow.  I don’t want him anywhere near anything of…of ours.  Okay?  First thing.”
“Well,” Tony began, blinking up a bit at Steve with a pleased look, before his eyes went soft and dark, his gaze turning into an appraising look, “I like beautiful things.”
Steve looked at Tony for a long moment, the half-formed plan to buy his way out of this wafting away like smoke, until Tony was the one to cast his eyes down and move away in a flurry of movement that had him handing Steve his robe and mumbling something about preparations for the day.  He was off to his workshop then, and Steve watched him go, his own motions sluggish, as if in contrast to Tony’s hurried steps.
“I don’t think so. I don’t think you really think so, either. Not now, not--you promised me. You promised me one day.  You said,” Steve gutted out in a harsh breath.  “You said, you
“Yes, Tony, for you,” Steve husked out, his body instinctively curling towards Tony.
“Okaaaaay,” Steve replied.  “That doesn’t really tell me much.”
“Oh, you’re precious, aren’t you?  Listen to him,” Michael snorted, throwing an eyeroll at Josh.
“It was the undercarriage of an armored vehicle that tried to get up close and personal with my spine, not how I was sleeping, Tony,” Steve rasped out, taking his hand off the wall long enough to rub it over his forehead, squinching his eyes shut for a moment.  He closed the medicine cabinet door and, suddenly, Tony could see both of their reflections in the glass. Steve’s drawn, tight look and flat stare, and Tony’s own pinched, nervous gaze staring back at him.
“You shouldn’t make any kind of life-changing decisions while you are under the influence of alcohol, Tony,” Steve advised him.
“Sir, this is a private area,” the security guard said, stepping in front of them and holding up a hand.
“My war.  It was never my war.  War doesn’t belong to soldiers.  It belongs to kings and despots and those who want to take what they cannot earn.  War will never be over, not as long as there are men who crave power,” Steve ground out, then stopped himself and sucked in a breath.  “Sorry, I—“
“Will I see you again?” Steve asked.
“Who’s there?” Steve called out.  Again, no one answered, but as his gaze floated around the hall, his eyes followed the stairway up the far wall and...there was a light there, too.  Just beyond the wall where the stairs curved around, a pale light flickered.  That, too, hadn’t been there before, he was sure of it.
“It was the metal, not me, not really. I just—“ Tony started.
“He bit me!” Rumlow shouted.  “He fucking
“Ah, Tony,” Steve sighed, dropping his head back against the table with a dull thunk and letting his eyes shut against the lights overhead.
“Wow,” Steve managed as the last hint of brightness slipped behind the horizon.
“Tooooonnnny,” Steve pleaded, drawing out the word, but he did as Tony demonstrated, pillowing a hand behind the back of his neck.  “Like this?”
By the time he reached the bus stop, he realized he was crushing the paperwork in his hand and forced himself to sit down on the bench and take enough deep breaths to keep from having a panic attack next to the ad for fruit-flavored fizzy beverages.  He stared down at the rolled up papers in his hand and wished he could unsee and unheard the last few hours, even if for a little while.
“About the whole fake thing,” Tony said.  “Maybe we just see what happens.  Play it out.”
Her name was Mildred, Millie for short, and somehow, by the time Brock found him and told him it was time to head back, Steve knew her life story and had her step-nephew’s number because he was, in her words, a friend of Dorothy, just like Steve, an accountant in Midtown, and needed a nice, young man in his life, and who knew what would happen with Steve’s current beau, as Millie put it.
“That’s not possible,” the King said sharply.
“What about scouts?” Tony asked, cutting off the Marshall’s soliloquy to a sputtering halt.
His mouth tasted like sand, making him want to spit, but he couldn’t quite get enough saliva to form to do anything, so he settled for licking his tongue over cracked lips and trying to push himself up on his elbows.
“You want me to choose?” Steve asked, his voice sharp with surprise.
“Yeah.  They’re all still in town, I think, or we can get them on video conference.  I can have Pepper—“ Tony stammered.  “But, shit, Steve.  I—we have no proof.  This is all…we could be wrong.  Way wrong.”
“You know,” Rumlow started, somewhat hesitant.  “Me and a couple of the guys, we thought we’d maybe go blow off some steam when we get back.  There’s a place I know where you can, ah, get some action, you know?”  Rumlow looked over his shoulder, as if checking to see who might be listening, though the rest of the strike team was occupied either sleeping or playing cards, though Rollins had his phone in his hand, which probably meant he was playing that candy game he was obsessed with.  “They got tables.  Craps, poker, whatever your poison.  High stakes.  Some, ah, options for taking the edge off, too, if you know what I mean.  Off the grid kind of stuff.  Nothing that’s going to get you booted if Coulson finds out, just some, ah, options for, you know, strictly medicinal purposes, that kind of thing,” Rumlow said, warming a bit to the idea as Steve said nothing.  “Good place.  Clean.  They got a couple of O’s, all tested and shit.  Good looking.  Young, too, not some used up things your knot slides right out of.  Real classy kind of thing.”
Tony got up and walked over to the pile that spilled out of his laundry basket.  He rummaged through it until he found a slightly damp towel.  He rubbed that over his cock, cleaning himself off. Too hard.  It hurt.  He didn’t care.  Probably a good thing.  He wiped the towel up the crack of his ass, ignoring the rough burn of it.
“Your Dad isn’t okay with the—with you being gay?” Steve said.
“Who is his replacement?” Steve asked.
“It’s taken care of,” Steve said with a careful nonchalance. Tony thought he should probably ask what exactly that meant, but at the moment, he honestly just didn’t care. For this one moment, he was going to let himself be taken care of.  Give himself permission not to have to think about it or deal with it. Steve had taken care of it.  He firmly believed that. It was enough.
“Tony is fully capable of taking care of himself Steve,” Natasha added once she knew Steve wasn’t going to say anything else on his unfinished sentence.
Thanks again for everyone who commented, gave a kudo, and left a bookmark. You all continue to make my day :)
He told himself it wasn’t because he wanted a physical reminder that the Avengers had been there, even when they were miles apart.
Steve gritted his teeth, not answering because truthfully he was not.
“Tony you are going to spoil these kids,” she said sitting down at her office chair. “Each of them probably have five toys to their name.”
“I didn’t know he was still having trouble sleeping. He’s been in my bed for the past few weeks and when
“Why? Why?” Ryder bemoaned. “I can do everything! I am the leader of the CMPNY. I have more power in my pinkie than you do in your entire being.”
“Most adorable kid. Warm room. Cold coffee,” Tony mumbled.
Sam narrowed his eyes at Bucky. “No, maybe that’s the thunder you’re thinking of. Maybe you’re losing control of your powers Thor. Might happen in old age.”
“Yes, because we actually want a group of criminals…”
But didn’t that say something about him? If Tony was alone would he continue to be susceptible to Ryder’s abuses? Would he leave Ryder even if the others weren’t here…if Steve hadn’t revealed his true feelings?
“I’m sorry. I’m sorry,” Natasha said as she began pulling off the patches. She didn’t know what they were, but she knew that Tony at some subconscious level was trying to get them off. Natasha didn’t want to hurt Tony. She never wanted to hurt Tony, but she knew that he was on something.
“No?” Tony laughed. “Yes. Ryder you and I aren’t happy okay. Maybe we need the break to see what makes us happy again. You don’t make me happy…at least not with the way you are acting right now.”
He tried lowering his voice and extracting the defensive tone from his voice. “Sorry, it’s just I really like Ryder and for Steve to pull this so late. It’s frustrating. Maybe a year ago…and crap I don’t know. It’s confusing. Steve can’t just do this and make me feel hopeful for something that can’t happen.”
And he noticed that this was all happening because of Tony. Tony had made all of this happen and he had the sudden urge to tell him and express just how thankful he was for Tony getting them all here, because he was certain he was the only possible person with the power to do so.
Sharon smiled at Sam’s obliviousness and even Steve’s own oblivion in why he looked like a lost puppy. “So how did my cousin like his gift? I am assuming it went well, since he was wearing it, but I didn’t really ask him since he got swept up talking to people.”
Steve looked down at Tony. His body writhed below him, face scrunched up in a type of satisfaction that Steve was thankful only he got to bring to Tony. Steve reached between them to grab at Tony, fingers swiping at the slit and causing Tony’s body to arch forward, sending Steve just a little deeper.
Clint kept on pointing out things in the wall, until he got to one particular crack in the wall that had Tony’s body tensing and locking up. Clint’s eyes widened, head tilted to the side. He pointed at the mark curiously. Tony wished the ground would swallow him up whole and keep him there or of course Clint could just go past this hole.
Clint closed the restroom stall door behind him and sat down in that cramped space. Steve tried saying something, but then his mind would go back to the list of Tony’s injuries and the list of unspoken trauma that he been inflicted on him.
“Neither. Your brother physically, verbally, and emotionally abused Tony.”
After Tony had dropped Miles off at his school, he instructed Happy to lead him somewhere. He quickly read of the instructions, ignoring Happy’s swift glance of worry and concern. He stared at him unflinchingly letting Happy know that he was fine and that’s where he wanted to go.
“Steve,” Tony softly and almost reverently whispered.
He then wondered what would happen if he told Rhodey that he had tried telling him about Ryder before. He could just imagine Rhodey’s eyes feeling with shame and guilt. Tony couldn’t do that to Rhodey. He was already going through so much. Tony couldn’t possibly add to that. So he had to make sure he never let it out that he tried to tell them. They didn’t need that added stress. Tony would just have to keep it to himself. He was pretty good at that.
“I got addicted because it felt like the only way to get over what I saw was to be high. Everything that I saw down there it was a lot,” she laughed dryly. “But I don’t regret it and I could have stayed longer, if I hadn’t have had Harley when I did…I think I just might have. And I know I can’t really go back to the army right now, but I still want to make an impact, while I can. I’m still only 34.”
Before his hands pulled at the hem of his sweatshirt a cough stopped him. He nearly fell back, but held himself together. Ryder narrowed his eyes at Steve.
Tony looked at him. “Really?”
Tony smiled lazily, at the moment unaware for the entrapment Ryder was setting. As he looked at the blanket fort ceiling in front of him he wondered how he could have been so naïve to the gas lighting even from day one.
“Alright, Marley was there anything else you wanted to add?” Julie questioned.
“It was,” Miles said with all the self-assurance that he had learned from Tony.
“Agreed. Seems like a lot of thought went into this,” Natasha added, helpfully.
Ryder frowned at the mention of Miles. Ryder pushed aside the breakfast and went toward Tony. “I really wished you would stop mentioning Miles.”
“Yes, I see Miranda worked her magic,” Pepper teased poking at Rhodey’s leg.
Sam had lagged behind, talking in hushed tones with Wanda. Clint unwrapped himself from the blanket and gave it back to Natasha who had narrowed her eyes as if expecting a threat. Bucky walked beside Steve and focused his eyes on anyone who walked near them.
“We were never normal.”
Steve stopped shortly at the confession and felt something in his heart unravel. His fingers ghosted over Tony’s cheek and rested there a few seconds before moving in slow easy circles. Tony’s breath came out in low puffs and his eyes looked up blearily to Steve.
“Good,” Pepper said.
“Yeah,” Steve replied growing closer to Tony. “And what is it that you want?”
Steve shrugged and raised his eyes to rake over Tony’s body. Sharp eyes trailed a slow descent toward the tips of Tony’s fingers that were raised to Steve to his feet now placed firmly and unmoving on the ground.  Tony felt his cheeks become warm from the direct attention placed on him.
Karen finally stood from her position, tickling Tony. She sat back in her chair and faced Tony, who was trying to regain his breathing from laughing so hard. Karen smiled kindly at him, allowing him a few moments to recollect himself.
“Literally,” Bucky said lifting an eyebrow, but appreciating where Steve was going nonetheless.
“Huh?” Steve questioned, albeit a little lost as to why Tony was suggesting a movie, when he looked like the perfect spokesperson for some nighttime sleeping commercial.
Steve drew his hand back and stepped away from Tony. He smiled slightly and walked toward the food stand. While they were in line, Tony’s phone began to ring. Tony looked down and saw that it was Ryder calling him. Steve tried being discreet with trying to see who was calling Tony. Tony tucked the phone back into his pocket and cleared his throat.
“You should spend time with your brother. I can get dinner started, while you two are gone. Maybe you could take him around town and give him a tour. We would love to have you for dinner,” Eva said leaning her face back as the toddler on her hip attempted to wipe some of her blueberry jam on her cheek.
Coulson looked up, waiting for Fury to answer.
The air that whipped around his face was colder than what Steve had grown used to. It was definitely a change to the warm weather in Wakanda. However, Steve welcomed this brisk cold with open arms because this was home. They were finally going back
Steve stretched his arms above his head and grinned widely at Tony. “Definitely.”
Tony’s eyes widened before he quickly schooled his expression. “Yeah, but I decided I’m not the type to just lounge around and do nothing. So it was either my lab or this meeting and since I’ve been putting this off forever, I can’t neglect it anymore. But I’ll be back soon. Just give me three hours then we can do all the relaxing we want.”
“Yeah, I’m going to make you some dinner,” he said. “I’ll make something for you and me. Then I’ll make something more age appropriate for Miles and Harley. I’m certain the two won’t mind having spaghetti.”
Natasha took them, gave one to Tony and set one aside for herself. Then for Clint, she took his and poked the straw where it was supposed to go in.
“So you’re never going to tell Tony how you feel about him,” Bucky summed up.
He was disappointed that he had to start all over with Tony though. If it hadn’t been for Steve, his plan wouldn’t have hit a major road bump. Tony wouldn’t have had this little string of hope that his savior would come and not leave. Then Ryder could have followed his plan to a perfect T. Of course he allowed for some room for obstacles. Besides he had been working on this plan for years, he wouldn’t allow a little disturbance to deter him.
The movie began and they all watched on and listened to Tony and Natasha sing along. When they got to “Hakuna Matata,” Natasha and Tony had begun a fully choreographed performance. Bucky looked on with bleary eyes and Steve watched on with pleasant amusement. Clint stared at his hands with discomfort because this was something that he and Tony would have done.
“I know that punk,” Bucky said snatching a biscuit from Sam.
Peter rolled his eyes and stretched his limbs. “Don’t be jealous that I have superpowers and you don’t.”
Once I have shown them my wrath
When the elevator stopped, revealing the roof Tony opened his eyes, mouth open in shock. His eyes didn’t know where to settle.
Steve chewed the bottom of his lip.
“How did you know all of this?” Tony questioned. “No one knows.”
Ryder pressed his nose against Tony’s neck and tightened his hold on his waist. Tony tried moving himself away, but couldn’t. There were patches all over his body know. Some were still purple and some had grayed to the point where they nearly became this misty white.
“Of course,” Sam said, wrapping his arms around Bucky. “Pushing down things is something I need to work on personally. So I’m sorry. I stepped away and had a talk with Peter, who is surprisingly good at advice.”
Steve’s ears turned bright red as if being caught. “Of course I have.”
He needed to remember to ask Steve, if he knew he sneezed a lot in his sleep.
Steve looked at Tony, who was visibly affected and placed a hand on Tony’s shoulder. Tony looked up once again and this time with a smile. He breathed out a shuddering breath and shook his head.
“I never…”
“It wasn’t a healthy relationship? Pray tell me what you mean by that? I distanced myself from him, but from what I heard he had at least changed his behavior what with all his service as a doctor.”
“Tony I have to warn you Miles hasn’t taken to you leaving him back here all that well and then with you not even visiting,” Karen said glaring at him. Tony shifted at the spot feeling guilty. “Even when Peter came last week Miles didn’t want to play with him and Peter is Miles’ favorite person besides you.”
Tony thought knew what Steve had been trying to say with the sketch. That he was okay with Tony’s little Wall-E-lites out there in the garage, just in Steve’s strange way of showing and not telling, because, God, the guy used his words like they were rationed sometimes.
“We could play twenty questions,” Tony offered.
“I’m sorry to hear that,” Peggy said after a pause, her voice tight and full of sadness.
Thank you all so much for reading!  I genuinely appreciate every comment and kudo.  Makes my day.
“I’m sorry,” Steve said again, but he meant it this time.   “It was just a rough morning.  Everything’s fine now.  Really.”
Steve let out a low moan of surrender.  His body quaked with want.  Already, drops of moisture were leaking from the head of his cock onto the King’s hand.  The King stroked him again, spreading the fluid around, then rubbing it into the slit at the head with the rough pad of his thumb.  A stuttering half-cry tore from Steve’s throat and his hips jerked again, pumping uselessly into the air as the King let go of him.
His next call was perfunctory, letting the foreman of the road crew he worked on during the day know he wouldn’t be available for the next week or so, which earned him the knowledge of just how easy he was to replace. At least the same couldn’t be said for the club, where he knew he was popular enough that the owner would give him a bit of leeway, no matter that you could toss a bottle top in Vegas and hit three people willing to take their clothes off for money. The things he was thankful for had certainly taken a sharp turn somewhere, he thought, meaning the thought to be wry, but it felt harsher than that as it floated around his mind.
She wanted the guy who cut the wire, and he wasn’t sure he could be that person anymore, or that he really even wanted to try.  She had wanted Tony, miracle in and of itself, and that should be enough for him, but it wasn’t.  Not now.  She wanted Tony, not Iron Man, and somewhere along the line, he stopped being able to separate them anymore.  Tony lay back on the bed, the lights flicking off automatically.  He ran a hand over his chest, fingers stopping to tap out a rhythm where the reactor used to be.  It had never been the reactor or the suits, or, at least, it had never been just those things.
“Because our lives are messy and insane and loud and nothing even close to perfect, and none of that stops us from loving each other completely and irrevocably, and
“If there is something you want, Tony, you know you only need to tell me,” Steve said, looking across the table at Tony, who squirmed in his seat under the scrutiny.
“I wouldn’t mind,” Steve insisted.  “I’d like to…help.  I guess.  I am used to doing more than sitting around and…” he trailed off, then gave a quick glance over his shoulder and caught Tony’s sardonic smile.
“That, he is,” Steve nodded, letting his lips slide across Tony’s.  He could feel the scrape of Tony’s beard against his chin and cheek, sending small sparks down to his stomach, settling low in his gut.
“Of course.  Why not? You have far more knowledge of what is needed than do I. After the fiasco with Zola, that much is clear,” Tony said, a slight frown pulling down his features.  “For one, it should be ensured that all concubines are purchased from reputable training houses...though I refuse to regret that policy was not followed in every case,” Tony added, nodding towards Steve, his gaze softening.   “And a system to honor the tradition of manumission so that concubines can buy their freedom, should they be gifted well enough during their service. Zola had been playing favorites with that, apparently, and while some portion
Tony gulped, forced himself to swallow, and nodded.  Steve lifted Tony’s hips and slid part of the wrap underneath him.  Deft hands pulled the long ends of the sash around, twisted and looped it, until the swath of silk covered Tony’s hips and groin, with an intricate knot just below his navel, leaving Tony to marvel at the simple beauty of it.
“What?” Steve asked, frowning slightly.
“Oh yeah, come to Daddy,” Brock continued as he pulled the check out of the envelope.  “This is the fucking real deal, isn’t it?  Jesus.  Look at all those zeroes!  Fuck, man, a million dollars, holy shit!”
“Seriously, your own hotel. You pick,” Tony offered, swiveling a wide-eyed, pointed glare at Bucky and splaying his hands wide before settling them in his lap.
“You will,” Tony said, and Steve thought he could hear something like regret under Tony’s determination.  “You already have.”
Subtlety was not Barnes’ strong suit.
Steve tried.  One of Tony’s hands moved soothingly up and down Steve’s calf as Tony shifted lower, his mouth teasing a line down Steve’s neck and finding his collarbone.  Steve let his legs fall apart, giving Tony access. The first stroke of Tony’s finger over his hole felt wonderful.  So close to what he wanted, and yet leaving an aching emptiness in its wake that hadn’t been there before.
“Do you have to ask?” Tony smirked, before launching into a discourse about his workshop and robots he’d named and seemed to constantly be on the verge of donating to a city college, though Steve could see the obvious fondness when he talked about them.
“So, what are the plans for today?” Steve asked.  He filled his plate with pancakes, bacon and eggs, and he was trying to figure out how to eat everything at once and ask if he could keep the tiny bottle of hot sauce for Natasha without coming off as a total dork, but not coming up with anything.  She’d get a kick out of it, though, he thought, remembering her delight at the small bottle of maple syrup Clint had brought her one time.
“Sorry. Thank you,” Steve said, taking the styrofoam containers with their lunches that the man was holding out.
“Hi, Tony,” Steve replied, feeling his face flush with warmth.  He yawned.
I’m the bad guy because you had one good night with Tony fucking Stark, of all people and all this time,” Brock ground out, jaw working as he glanced away, then back at Steve.  “All this time, I’ve been patient and you know, willing to let you learn because I wanted to be with you, even if the sex wasn’t good.  And how do you repay me?  By telling me I suck at it.  Well, thanks.  Thanks a lot.”
“A minor miscalculation on my part,” Tony admitted easily, nodding his head with an exaggerated frown before Steve felt the heat of Tony’s gaze fall on him. “I am fortunate that my captor was too stubborn to allow me to die so easily.”
Steve took a step forward, then winced and faltered.  Anto caught him under his arm before he stumbled, hearing him grunt as he righted himself.   He had one arm hooked around the man’s back and a steadying hand on his stomach. Under his hand, he felt the man suck in a sharp breath.  He looked up and saw that the man was looking down at him, his eyes wide and mouth forming a small circle, and then the man was twisting himself out of Anto’s grasp and stepping away.  Shame coursed through Anto, making his insides hot and loose. Clearly, Steve couldn’t bear to have Anto touch him, at least not in a way that didn’t involve healing.
A shadow fell over him, and he turned, unsurprised to find Tony standing there.  It was almost expected, as if he had been waiting for Tony to appear just there, where a moment ago, he had seen Bucky so clearly.   He had changed into a dark red tunic with a wide golden sash at the waist over black breeches and high, leather boots.  A simple gold circlet sat on his head, but he looked the part.  Out here.
“Not—not really.  Though, now I’m kind of thinking fruitcake,” Steve answered, brow furrowing into a slight frown as he gestured a hand up and down the flag-themed pajama onesie he was wearing.  Blue with stars on one side, red-striped on the other, with a deep V that opened in the front.  “When you said you wanted to take some holiday pictures, this wasn’t exactly what came to mind.”
Steve watched Tony look out over the deck, his face tilted back to catch the waning sun.  I wish I’d met him before all of this, Steve thought, not for the first time, though back then, someone like Tony wouldn’t have paid someone like Steve any mind. I’ll just have to do better, Steve reminded himself.  Be better. For him. I can do that. For him, I can...figure this out.  Somehow. For Tony.
“We don’t need a lawyer, Tony,” Steve replied.
“Yours,” Steve said, voice slightly thick and slurry. Then he smiled almost to himself and dropped out of the chair and kneeling in the space next to Tony’s seat, keeping his head bowed to the ground, but there was a subtle difference to it, an intimacy that hadn’t been there before, like an invitation. Tony couldn’t have looked away if Loki and Hulk had been making out in the back of the jet. Well, okay, he amended.
“Oh-ho-ho, I know where this is going.  Not about Barnes, huh.  Well, who the fuck is it about then?  Huh?  Who’s it about?  Don’t think I didn’t see this coming.  You’ve been all weird since you got back to the hotel.  Were you thinking about it then?  You were, weren’t you?  You little shit, you really think you can do this to me, huh?” Brock demanded, punctuating each question with a stab of his finger.  “Leave Brock Rumlow high and dry.  No way.  No
Steve bent his head again and took Tony’s other nipple in his mouth, sucking hard through the gown, the sensation of heat and moisture and the soft scrape of the silk over the taut peak sending shivers down Tony’s spine.  He wasn’t going to last long, Tony knew, not with Steve’s mouth and hand and knot all working together to send him over the edge.  Steve thrust again, and the knot pushed hard against Tony’s prostate. He clamped down on his lip, squeezed his eyes shut, and pumped his cock into the rough, wet circle of Steve’s hand, feeling the burning slide of the leather against the sensitive skin of his cock.  Not going to take long turned into ‘embarrassingly short’ fairly quickly as Steve’s pulled his cock out just slightly before sliding in again, angling the knot just right.
at it, and there were so many things he was terrible at, but this—this, he could
“Uh, tomorrow. I'll see it then, I mean. When I bring the papers,” Steve reminded him.
was.  He looked around him, trying to see it differently, trying to look at it without all the years of shame and disappointment hammered into every nook and cranny.
“Strippers. Elvis.  Quickie marriages.  We’ve hit the Vegas trifecta, Pep.  I love this town.  Please let it be Love Me Tender?” Tony asked, eyebrows raised in question.
“I haven’t even seen your new place,” Steve said.  “Did you get parking, too?” he asked, as Bucky pulled into a parking space next to the building that was remarkably free.
Steve just shrugged a bit, hands going to his hips in such a familiar pose that for a second, Tony wanted to wind his arms through the triangles formed by Steve’s hands and make him forget whatever Deeply Serious Thoughts were running through Steve’s head, the way he had been able to these past few months.
“Don’t tell Pepper.  She’ll like you better than me,” Tony grumbled.  The numbers on the elevator dial had reached single digits, each seemingly brighter than the one before it as the car neared the lobby level.
One hand, freed of the confines of the towel, found its way to Tony’s, where it curled around one of Tony’s fingers in a surprisingly tight grip and held on like nothing in the world could make him let go.  Tony stared down at the little fingers lined up in a row around one of his own, small and vulnerable and infinitely trusting, the weight of that faith burning through Tony’s chest like there was a line of current connecting them.  It said something that it took madness and magic for Steve to look to Tony for this, but there it was.  Glorious purpose, Tony thought.  Loki had it all wrong.  The most powerful force in the universe couldn’t be contained in any stone.
“Aw, come on, now, I don’t mean you.  You’re not like that.  Please.  All I mean, is you and I did the same thing as those pussies, and we don’t need some Oprah-hug-it-out bullshit,” Brock said, knocking a hand against Steve’s shoulder for emphasis.  “Oh, I know, you don’t like me sayin’ it.  Not ‘politically correct’ or work or some shit,” he continued, then glanced over at Steve, seeming to deflate a bit at Steve’s look.  “Don’t give me that.  I’m just sayin’.”
“I did.  Every word,” Steve told him, his voice firm and unwavering.  “I’m not saying I’ll succeed.  I know I have a lot to work on, but… I’m going to do my damnedest to prove it to you, Tony.”
“No,” Steve agreed.  “You’re not people.”
Either of those.  Maybe a little of the first.  Okay, fine, maybe the second, too, because coffee, but not—not at the same time.  Stop looking at me like that. Now, move, I need to rinse.”
“Night-night time.  Sweet dreams, big guy,” Nat added.
“Maybe he was both,” Steve said, then huffed out an odd, little laugh.  “Garbage can, lid, huh?  You’re something else, Tony.”
“We don’t,” Steve said flatly, and for the first time, broke eye contact with Rhodey to glance over at Tony, with a soft, glassy gaze.  Tony opened his mouth, then closed it again, realizing he had no idea what to say.
“I guess, same as you, really,” Steve replied.  “Friends.  Movies. TV.  Read a lot.  Kind of missed out on a few things.  When I was in the Army,” Steve explained.  “I like…music.  The music now, it’s so, I don’t even know how to describe it.  Different.  Complicated.  It says so much.  I’ve been listening to a lot while I’m at the gym.  Sam, he took me through the sixties. Great stuff,” Steve said, eyes widening on a smile.  “Another friend, he keeps trying to convince me this loud shouting stuff is music. I thought he was messing with me for a while, but apparently these are real bands.  AC/DC.  Black Sabbath.”
“Come and get it!” Tony called out, shaking the bag in his hand as he walked along the dock.   He dropped a handful of pellets in to the waiting swirl of fish and watched them disappear almost as soon as they hit the water.  It only took a few minutes for him to get down to the crumbs at the bottom, which he upended into the water.  “Pigs.  Pigs with gills.  That’s what you are,” he accused with a smile.
“Stop.  People will believe you, I told you,” Rhodey cut in, shaking his head.
“I know you are,” Barnes replied.  “Let him make it easier.  He’s not going to think less of you, Steve.  You don’t always have to be the one who rescues him.”
Steve smiled at it and splashed water in its direction.  It gave him a look that suggested it questioned Steve’s sanity, then slapped one of its massive tentacles through the water, sending a wave towards Steve that overtopped his head.  He came up sputtering and laughing.
“It’s not just---“ Steve shouted, one fisted hand banging on the table hard enough to make the whole thing jump, sending Tony’s coffee sloshing over the rim of the mug.  Tony jerked back, staring at the coffee pooling around the mug.  On the mug, Garfield warned him never to trust a smiling cat.  No shit, Garfield, Tony thought, looking up at Steve.  “You can’t—you can’t ask me to let you go—to—to…watch you…watch that happen when there is any way possible to prevent it,” Steve finished, stone-faced.
Dear Lord, he’d talked the whole way from Pasadena back to the cabin.
“Yeah,” Tony replied carefully.
He reached for the brushes of various sizes he kept in an old, metal paint can that said Dutch Boy in bright blue letters on the side and managed to wobble the can enough to make the brushes clank against the metal rim so loudly it was like an explosion in the quiet of the room.  I am a professional artist, Steve thought, steadying the brushes in their can.   Or, I will be.  If I don’t send the prostitute running from the building.
“Yeah?” Steve replied.
Anthony leaned his head against Steve’s shoulder, looked up at him and covered Steve’s hand where it clutched the cowl.  In Steve’s head, he could see Anthony’s thumb brushing back and forth over the leather, across the knuckles, and wanted to tell him to stop, there was blood, too much blood, but he didn’t.  It felt good.  Soothing.  Even if it wasn’t real.  It was stupid and pathetic, Steve knew, but it worked, oddly enough, even while he hated himself a bit more for needing it.  “
A no-brainer, his mind bleated back to him.  He looked sideways at Steve, and wondered if he could have done it.  Maybe.  Probably, at least then, he thought, the horrible realization that he wasn’t so sure who he would choose now, Steve or the faceless innocents, buzzing through his mind like it had force behind it, slamming into his gut and sending the air whooshing out of his lungs in a choked-off gasp that he covered, probably poorly, with a cough.
“See, look,” Tony demonstrated in a low voice as the professor picked back up somewhere around the Zimmerman Telegram.  On the screen, the program automatically transcribed the lecture, even cross-referencing the pages in the textbook, which Tony had found online and linked to the program’s algorithm, so it could find keywords and topics.  “Bit of a prototype, but I’ll work on it some more.  And the keyboard’s ergonomic, so it’ll be easier for you to position your hand.  Few other bells and whistles.”
“My hero,” Steve smiled up at him and bit into his sandwich.  As if on cue, Tony’s stomach did that clench and roll maneuver it saved for jumping out of airplanes and getting one of Steve’s smiles.  He turned away from Steve and flicked a piece of granola in Joshua’s direction, which earned him a baleful glance from the squirrel.
Steve ran his hands up and down Tony’s arms, the muscles bunching under Tony’s suit jacket as he stroked.  He finally placed one of his own hands over each of Tony’s, splaying them out to cover Tony’s.  He leaned his head down to the curve of Tony’s neck, moving his mouth over the skin just below Tony’s ear, where the pulse jumped against his lips.
It was innocuous-sounding enough, but Steve couldn’t quite dislodge the sense of wrongness that seemed to cling to the man.   What manner of man lived surrounded by things such as these, in this place, all alone?  Who could appear out of thin air and walk silently when his boots should announce him on the stone floor?  No manner of man that Steve knew, whatever name the man might call himself. It wasn’t as if demons simply announced themselves by use of their infernal name, did they?  Steve remembered that much from the sermons.  They named themselves friend, helper, faithful servant.
Tony’s thought cut off, his whole mind going blessedly, remarkably blank as Steve brought his mouth down to Tony’s.  This kiss, this wasn’t anything like Tony’s awkward attempts, his uncoordinated, careful maybe of a kiss.  This was hard and bruising and
“Its…important,” Steve told him.
“Travesty you’re not naked all the time, too,” Steve replied.  Or thought he did.  His voice sounded odd. Slurred, like the words had been blended together and not quite come out right.  Tony grinned, biting his lower lip for a moment, then let out a bright, ringing laugh.
The hairs on the back of his neck were standing up, and gooseflesh dimpled his skin.  This was wrong.  Everything about this.  Tony was fully awake now, his heartbeat rabbiting in his chest.  Everything felt off.  He could feel his anxiety ratcheting up with each beat while he waited.  There was a part of him that didn’t want Steve to open the door, wanted to do what Steve suggested and go back to bed, because knowing things meant having to deal with things.  And this…well.  He suspected this was something that needed dealing with.
Almost.
“Don’t think you much pull that off,” Steve replied, just on the cusp of when Tony thought Steve wouldn’t be able to give him that, the steady reassurance that came from years of stumbling into time-honored jokes that no one else was privy to because some things belonged only to them.  Of course, Steve would, even as Steve’s face was drawn and pale and his brow creased with a worry that wouldn’t let go anytime soon, he would always give Tony anything he asked, though Tony had long ago stopped asking for anything other than Steve.
“Tired,” Tony said. Goodnight Moon, this time.  Jarvis reading it to him from the edge of his bed while stars danced on the ceiling from the little lamp that spun on his nightstand.  “Ha. Nice. An oldie, but goodie,” Tony agreed and closed his eyes with a sigh.
“I know,” Tony said, his voice brittle, half a sob.  He choked out a bitter, scraping laugh. “I know.
Tony couldn’t resist going out on the deck and running his hands over the gauges and dials, even though it was still too bright to see much through the lens.  There was an AutoAlign feature, and a wireless module, which, when he looked at his phone, he realized it was connected to one of the apps there.  That was…surprisingly thoughtful, Tony admitted.  He could imagine, at night at this altitude and away from the city lights, the views would be amazing.   Solitude was sounding better and better.
"I'm somehow containing my surprise," Tony muttered, pursing his lips to keep the smile from forming. "I wish you hadn't been, though.  There, I mean. I wouldn't want that for anyone.  Glad you...you know. That you're 'not hurt' or whatever the cool kids are calling it these days."
“Heeeeeeyyyyy, Daddy Warbucks!  How goes the—” Clint stopped, eyes going to where Tony and Steve sat in the mess of what used to be a perfectly normal plate of pasta.  “You fed a baby lasagna?  You. Fed. A. Baby. Lasagna,” Cling enunciated carefully, biting his lip as a grin spread over his face.
Celestial navigation, Tony thought, heart pounding.  Find the right one, and you will find your way home.
He ran his hand over his mouth, cupping his chin as if he could draw the lump out of his throat, but it held there, bobbing up and down as he blinked back a sudden burning sting at the corners of his eyes.  He had to stop this. Stop thinking about this.  About him.  Anthony.  Anthony, who was proud and defiant and brave and who was going to be Bonded to someone who would break him in.  Steve could feel his hands balling into fists at his sides, the sudden straining of muscles that came with ready alertness, and the surge of…something…that seemed to happen whenever he thought about that eventuality.
“Can’t say I’ve really seen you proven right enough to offer an opinion on it,” Bruce retorted with a smile, huffing a bit as he shook his head and walked on.
They strolled inside the lobby, which looked Italian the way The Olive Garden looked Italian, at least to Steve’s mind, though the glass flowers that clung to the ceiling were, admittedly, rather charming if they hadn’t been just one of a hundred different touches meant to suggest wealth and taste and managing neither.  The rope line took them all the way to the ballroom, where security nodded at Tony as they entered. Strains of music and the hum of the crowd spilled out into the lobby.
It was quiet below, save for the few servants still putting things to rights.  The guests had left some time ago, after Steve had retired with Sam on his heels.  We can still jump out the window, Sam had offered before leaving Steve at his bedroom door.  Steve rather thought it might not have entirely been meant in jest, though he had laughed as if it was, smiled, clapped Sam on the back and sent him on his way.
Tony grabbed his clothes and sauntered off, closing the door behind him with a soft snick as Steve stared at it.  Of course, Tony was leaving.  What else would he do?  It was awkward now.  Wasn’t it?  Tony had probably spent way more time here than he’d planned, with the painting and the…other thing.  What was he going to do?  It wasn’t like he was going to hang out with Steve and chat.  He’d gotten his money, had a good time, or seemed to, and now, the night was over.  Time to move on.  That was one of the things Tony said he liked about this whole gig, right?  No strings attached?
“Don’t call the baby a dick,” Natasha retorted from the co-pilot’s seat.  “Yep.  Definitely not a phrase I thought I would need.”
“This…Tony, this is…I didn’t know I wanted it. Needed it. But more than anything, I needed to do this with you,” Steve said with an absolute certainty.  “My place will ever be beside you.  I thought that was something I gave to you.  Only now…now I see, it was I who gained from it,” Steve stammered, unsure of the right words to convey what he was feeling, though by the way Tony’s face went soft, almost achingly tender, Steve thought Tony understood.
His hand was on the doorknob when Brock’s laughter reached him.  Steve hesitated, then turned.  Brock was sprawled on the floor where Steve had left him, though he had rolled onto his side and was laughing now, a terrible, bitter sound that grated on Steve’s nerves.
“How much of this is you really thinking that I'm wrong, and how much of this is you freaking out that I might be right?” Rhodey asked, his tone hesitant and careful, the kind you'd probably use not to spook a guy wearing a suicide vest. “Tony. Think about it. Put aside everything you've thought for the past decade and think about it. Even if you don't want to.”
“Howard!  Just what the bloody hell are you doing?” Peggy voice cracked across the room, trembling with barely-contained anger.  “Did you hit him?  Howard!  Answer me!  Tony,” she began, voice softening considerably.  “Did he hit you?”
“Beautiful,” Tony said quietly, almost as if to himself.  He raised his arm and brought the strap down again across Steve’s exposed hole, sharp and stinging.  Steve could only choke out a dry sob that was a half moan.
“That’s…wildly specific.  Anyway, good.  ‘Cause I already kind of told him yes.  And gave him my email. And phone number. And set up Skype,” Tony continued.  “And got an ID and password so I can log-on to the LIGO research team forum.   And got on the mailing list for the Caltech Astronomy and Physics Departments. Technically, he didn’t give me that last one, but I feel he would want me to have it.”
“Tony, no—no,” Steve stammered, his head still spinning with surprise.  “That’s not—I mean, that’s—yes, I did not know, but…” he cut himself off, let out a huff of air and shook his head.  “Tony, Zola told me this. What would happen after that first night, when I was no longer of use to you.  It was not to retire to some palace.”
“I also punched him,” Steve reminded him with a sly grin, looking up at Tony from under his lashes.
“Not for him,” Maria replied, still gazing out over the lake. “That’s why he agreed to come up here this year.  We cleaned out the attic years ago and what didn’t get donated or end up in the trash bin made its way up here.  Some things, it’s just hard to let go of, you know?” she mused with a note of melancholy in her voice that Steve could just barely hear over the lap of water against the side of the dock and the splashes and shouts of the girls as they swam.  “Said he wanted to look at them again, maybe find some inspiration, I think. It isn’t exactly his favorite spot, you know.  Nature and Howard,” she shook her head, then looked over at Peggy and smiled, almost nervously.
“Tony,” Steve sighed, brushing his hand through Tony’s hair, pulling apart the curls and stroking through them again.
Tony drew his fingers back, then began scissoring them, slowly at first, then with more force behind it, working to loosen Steve’s hole enough.  God-damn healing factor was a blessing and a curse, Tony mused.  He pumped harder, spreading the ring of muscle between his fingers until he could see the dark, pink channel inside, then added a third finger and more lube, pushing them in and out until he was satisfied.  He kept up the rhythm with his fingers and used his other hand to squirt the lube directly on his cock.  Eh, the sheets were toast anyway.  He rubbed it around his straining member until it slipped easily across his palm, then used the back of his wrist to nudge Steve’s leg up higher again.
“Ready?” Steve asked once the agents filed out of the room.
“I’m not sure what you’re implying, Mr. Jarvis, but I understand how special Tony is just fine,” Steve said, a muscle flicking in his jaw.
supplies.  His hunger and thirst sated and almost dry from the breeze clipping across the island and rustling the few, sparse trees, Steve lumbered back down to the beach and donned his tattered clothes.
He picked up his nearly empty cup and swirled the dark liquid around before swallowing it down. So, that had gone well. They'd managed civil. Left things on good terms, friendly without letting himself get pulled back through a door that had been closed for longer than he'd known. He should feel better about everything.
Once inside, his client moved quickly to a group of acquaintances, motioning Steve to the bar to get drinks.  “Vodka tonic.  No ice.  Don’t let them use that cheap crap either.  Stoli,” he’d said, patting Steve on the chest a little too long.  “Take your time.  Get yourself something.  Relax.  Listen, I’ve got a few “work-related” people to meet,” he’d said, using his fingers to make little quote marks, “I don’t need this evening to be awkward, you know.  So, no need to rush back until the party gets started.  I'll let you know when you're needed, beautiful.  There are some friends I'd like you to meet later.” Steve took that for the get-the-fuck-out-of-here-while-the-decent-folks-are-around that it was and headed for the bar without looking back.
“Steve, please, please, Alpha, please, I need you, always needed you. So much, Steve.  Please. Want you, Steve, please, love you, love you, Steve, love you, please, Tony signal, Tony signal,” Tony mumbled, all sense of what he was saying gone now.  He thought some of it was Clan, but he couldn’t figure out what, and he didn’t much care. He closed his eyes, then opened them again, blinking up at the top of the lean-to, unseeing.  In his head, there was just Steve. Steve, and feelings he couldn’t name. His cock was hard against his belly, red and swollen and glistening from Steve’s mouth. His hole pulsed, slick coating him, so much of it, so wet, he was never this wet, but it felt like everything was being wrung out of him by Steve’s mouth and hands, and he was a husk, a shell, and he desperately, desperately needed to be filled.
“Yes, Ma’am,” Rhodes replied, sticking out a hand to hold the elevator for Ms. Potts.
There was a car coming. His head snapped towards the window, finding Tony’s silhouette still shadowed on the deck.  Alert flooded through him, tightening his chest and muscles, then dissipated almost as quickly as it came. The pizza.  The pizza, right.  Just the fucking pizza delivery.  God, calm down Rogers, he told himself firmly.  They did that now. Brought it to you.  He knew that. It was time. Thirty minutes, they said.  He breathed out, closed his eyes for a moment and gathered himself, then went outside where the delivery man was stepping out of his car with four large, white boxes.  An Alpha, Steve realized immediately, nostrils flaring as he caught the scent.
Luckily, Tony didn’t seem to take offense, just shook his head, with a slight smile lifting the corners of his mouth.  “This is actually you, isn’t it?  I mean, this isn’t an act…because I have to tell you that you’ve already got my interest, so there’s really no need.”
“Al--alright.  I guess...I guess goodnight, then,” Steve said, waving a bit feebly at the man.
Rhodey wasn't wrong, though. The fact that the question, this fear, had been there all along had been a giant X marks the spot for anyone who wanted to, say, leave a little breadcrumb trail of isn't-this-what-you-really-expected-all-along, right to the Land of See I Told You So, where the good ship Recrimination and Regret waited to take him back home.
To Steve’s surprise, there was a woman at the door. She was older, middle-aged, he would guess, short and round, almost like one of those people in the Wizard of Oz, not that Steve would ever say that, though she wore a crisp suit and blue spectacles that made her eyes look a bit like a fish’s.
The Ul harumphed, seemingly satisfied. Steve couldn’t help but be impressed by how easily Tony handled the delicate situation, though he supposed he shouldn’t have been surprised. The Ul knew Tony was willing to prop up his challengers, but also understood that there were benefits to his loyalty, and those two things were probably enough to keep the man in line no matter how much he desired to grasp a little bit higher on the rungs of power. They needed each other, in their own ways, even if Tony didn’t care for the bargain he had to make. He made it because he believed it was in the best interest of his people.
“You have, huh?” Steve asked, sounding remarkably unsurprised, though Tony knew that Steve understood him better than anyone.
“Hey yourself,” Bucky replied, giving Steve a once over as he pocketed his phone.  As if he had exhausted all his words or maybe just recognized that Steve didn’t want to talk, Bucky fell into silence as he took Steve back to his apartment.  It was only when they turned the corner to Bucky’s street that he asked the inevitable.  “You guys had a fight, huh?”
Steve smiled, slow and lazy, working with the music as he slid his hands up the light blue satin lapels.  He shrugged the jacket part of the way off in a roll of his shoulders, then spun and let it fall the rest of the way off in one, fluid motion.  The cummerbund was next. He held it out to the side and peered at Tony over his shoulder before dropping it to the floor. Steve turned back around, thumbs hooked into the suspenders that covered the white dress shirt and hooked onto the bright, blue pants, stretching them out from his chest and pushing at them with his thumbs, then matching the movement with his hips as the music hit a crescendo.
Steve shook his head at the boy’s clear delight at the tale’s rendition.  The story seemed to grow slightly more dramatic with each retelling, but the substance remained the same.  Hammer kept his life, but only by crawling from the throne room to the city gates, and while Steve had no doubt the citizenry quite enjoyed the spectacle of someone like Hammer brought low, only a handful of people would ever understand why Tony demanded such a thing.  For me, Steve thought, the same warm tightness filling his chest as it had the first time Cam burst into Tony’s chambers with the news.
“Steve’s…great. He’s great,” Tony replied.  “Nice.”
. Anything.  He moaned into Steve’s mouth, scooting his hips down encouragingly as he did. Finally, finally, he felt the blunt tip of Steve’s finger breach him. Tony’s cock juddered and spurted as Steve’s finger slipped deep inside him, past the knuckle and—
“But…you could have anyone,” Tony pointed out. Reasonably, he thought.  “You don’t even…I thought, maybe.  Because of the thing,” Tony said, waving a hand in the air by his head.  “But, MIT. Which is great.  It is.  Really, it’s…great,” he went on, voice quavering. “We don’t…we don’t need to talk about that right now, I mean…you should be resting or…something.”
“I know, I know, I—” Tony started.
“Mmmm,” Steve managed, which Tony decided to take for a yes. Steve rolled over so he was laying facing Tony and buried his head into Tony’s chest.
“It’s complicated,” Steve replied. He looked down at the ring.  He kept looking at it.  He’d been doing that all morning.  He was fairly sure that was what got Bucky going in the first place, watching Steve mooning over his ring, but it was just…there.  Something that had never been there before. Something that he honestly never imagined being there, and suddenly, it was there, real and tangible, and this whole charade felt a hell of a lot more real than it had before.  Obviously, it wasn’t real. They weren’t really married, of course.  They weren’t going to
Tony looked the alien up and down, considering.  Images floated through his head again, one after the other, men and characters that seemed to have a number of similarities, at least in Tony’s mind, and that, Tony realized, was what the alien seemed interested in.  Someone Tony liked. Admired. Even...desired, if he was honest.
“I’m not a monster,” Steve said, and Stark shot him a smile filled with pleased surprise that made Steve’s stomach swoop to his feet.
“Fuck, man, I’m out,” Rollins said.  Shaking his head, he threw his cards back towards Brock.
For that one moment, Steve let himself bask in it, that warm glow of hope and happiness, before reality crashed back down.
“True,” the King acknowledged in the same emotionless tone.  “But, if the guilds can’t trade, then they can’t make money.  If they can’t make money, they can’t pay my taxes and I can’t build my ships or pay my soldiers, so we are at something of a stalemate.  Obie says, hire privateers.  Let them keep the bounty from any raider vessel they pillage.  Little better than legitimized raiders themselves, truth be told,” the King ground out in a voice laced with frustration and weariness.  “You don’t approve?” he asked, after a long moment of silence.  There was a challenging lilt in the question, coated with an air of surprise, though not displeasure, Steve thought.   “I don’t like it much, either, but Obie is the one who generally handles the guilds, and his counsel is usually correct.”
“Tony,” Tony said again.  “Only my mom calls me Anthony.  I hate it.”
He shouldn’t be thinking about Tony.  He
“Then we want the same thing,” Steve replied, his half-lidded eyes shifting from Jarvis over to Tony.
“Let me guess, this boyfriend is the one you’re up here looking for,” Stark said.  “Let me guess.  He told you he would be right back.”
Well.  No one except Steve, who just looked crushed and devastated and told Tony he wanted him to be happy.
“I have things to do, Steve.  Not everything is about you,” Tony bit out, pinning him with his gaze for a long moment, then dropping his eyes back to his tablet.  “Some of us don’t get paid to play all day.”  And that, okay, that hurt.  By unspoken agreement, they didn’t talk about their arrangement.  Most of the details of it flowed through the agency anyway.  Hearing Tony all but spell it out for him sent a wave of shame through him, and he swallowed thickly around the sudden lump in his throat.
“Guess I couldn’t convince you to tell me about the guy inside,” Steve said.
The creature snickered at him. Steve had gotten somewhat used to the many mannerisms the creature possessed, but its ability to laugh, to share in a joke, was still somewhat unnerving.  He had spent many a night thinking about the thing. What it was, where it came from, just how smart it might be. He didn’t really have any satisfactory answers, but he was glad for the company.  The help, of course, yes, he couldn’t have survived this long without the help, but he, well--he
“Just…you know, just wondering,” Steve replied with a little bit of a shrug as if the answer didn’t matter, but then he was looking up at Tony so earnest and almost hopeful.  “I mean, no one mentioned it, so I assumed not.  Probably hard to meet people in our line of work.  But…there was a note on my calendar about an event this Saturday and to get flowers, so I…wondered.”
Tony scooped two spoonfuls of pasta onto his plate, then stared at it while the silence stretched out between them.  To his right, Jarvis coughed delicately into his napkin.  A moment later, when the quiet had gone for wildly uncomfortable to possibly permanently debilitating, Tony felt one of Jarvis’s loafers stab his shin under the table.
God, that whole thing had been amazing, Tony remembered with a dreamy smile.  Well, not the kidnapping part, which had been a huge inconvenience and largely annoying.  Actual Fucking Captain America busting down the door and knocking all those goons around, swooping Tony up his arms like they were on the cover of one of those romance novels his mom swore she didn’t read.  That part had been
“Well, thank fuck,” Tony muttered.  He smiled awkwardly and ran his hand through his hair.  “I gather that he did not take the news well?” he asked, his voice careful and soft, thick with an emotion Steve couldn't put his finger on.
“You are not, though you do a good impression of one at times, I’ll give you that,” Jarvis replied.  “Can’t think of where you might have picked that up,” he said around a polite cough.  “We all understand how difficult your schedule is when you are newly Bonded, Tony.  We just want to know that you are alright, is all.”
“Excuse me?” Steve scraped out when he finally found his voice.  Cam shrugged, utterly unconcerned.
“Huh.  Right. Well, always think it through and make sure you know what you want to actually achieve before you get started,” Tony continued after a moment.  as he started gathering the pieces together into a pile.
Ahead of them, a large awning hung over a long, low table sitting atop a spread of rugs. Tufted pillows in bright, rich fabrics lined the sides of the table. A number of guests--mostly Ross’s soldiers, Steve guessed by the look of them--milled about, waiting, Steve assumed, for Tony to arrive. Arrive, he did, a moment later, with Generals Rhodes and Ross in tow, and a large, dark-bearded man dressed in flowing, elaborately decorated robes with a huge sword that appeared more decorative than useful at his waist walking next to him. Behind the group trailed a man and a woman Steve didn’t recognize, flanking an equally well-dressed boy around Cam’s age.
But, now, Steve would know, and he’d be glad he got out before things went any further with Tony.  He’d be relieved.  That thought, more than anything else that had happened tonight, was the thing that pushed everything else aside, leaving only despair in its wake.  How had he screwed this up so much?  Why did he ever involve Steve in this?  Just because he got drunk and all maudlin over his ex. Because he was weak, and he wanted to have Steve’s attention on him one more time.  Because he wanted someone to look at him the way Steve used to, to make him feel like he was worth something, the way Steve always did, but of course, that had backfired, and now…now, Steve knew what he was.  Steve would leave him for real this time.   It had been building before, but Tony had been good at hiding this part of himself, but now, there was no hiding it.  Steve would know who he really was. And Steve would hate him.  Tony blinked rapidly, trying to stave off the inevitable meltdown, and wiped the back of his sleeve across his face.  Steve started to close the car door, then stopped and leaned down, one hand reaching up to cup Tony’s chin.  It was both the same as what Ty had done, and the complete opposite, Tony had time to think as Steve gently cupped his cheek and swiped his thumb across the wetness there.
“In an afternoon?  Please.  I’d need at least the weekend,” Tony scoffed, then let out a short huff of laughter and grinned back at Steve.  “What’d you do all afternoon?”  Tony asked.  You know, after I kicked you out so I could drip on the floor in peace.
Steve really had been good at art.
can’t.”
“It can,” Rhodey replied, the bravado gone from his voice.  “It’s supposed to.”
“Well.  Colonel Rhodes requested ‘Baby Got Back,’” Steve said with a completely straight face.
“Hnugh,” Tony gasped, slumping forward, panting hard, sharp breaths.  This was Steve.
Raj’Inama, the voices heralded as he passed.   Some hung out windows or sat atop roofs.  The rich had chairs sitting up on high daises built of clapboard and under covered awnings in bright colors.  The poor jockeyed for position against the line of guards, holding out dirt-stained hands in hopes of a boon. They held children on their shoulders and pointed.  They didn’t seem to mind that Steve largely ignored them, as Cam had instructed.  If anything, his lack of response seemed to fuel the flurry of cheers that rose and fell as the carriage rolled by.  I am everyone and anyone, Steve thought.  One of them, less than them even, taken from nothing and elevated to this creature of fables and stories, because the King has decreed it to be so.   They love the idea of it. Of course they do.  For them, it is a story of hope, of the vagaries of life actually leading to something better, for once, and we all want to cling to that possibility, don’t we?  They do not see, cannot see, how deep their need for this illusion goes, because to acknowledge it would require recognizing their part in the story.   They will never see the wrong in their world, so long as they can tell themselves the happy ending is possible.
“Okay, look around Steve. Final check to make sure everything is looking according to plan. Need to run any last ditch errands?” Natasha questioned, completely ready to do so if required.
“Steve, look I know this is a lot to take in, but Ryder is dead. Be happy about it. Tell Tony,” Fury said. “There’s nothing more to look into.”
Tony’s lip trembled and Steve immediately pressed forward wiping at the tears that were now falling from his eyes. Tony shook his head, wanting Steve to leave him alone. It was too much. Yet Tony didn’t want him to leave. The little bit of warmth he had left would leave him completely if Steve got up and walked away.
“Please do tell me what my behavior has been lately, since you know so much,” Clint sneered.
Tony looked back at her baffled. Steve’s touch didn’t last long enough to leave a…okay know what never mind Steve did go back to a few certain spots on his neck and collarbone. Steve looked at where Natasha was placing the foundation on his neck and Tony watched as his breath quickened and eyes darkened.
“Why didn’t I get this much of a response when I came?” Tony questioned with his arms already full of two toddlers. “You think I’m way better than the Black Widow right?”
“Tell me why I am really here. I have doubt that you called me in here to talk about an incident that happened years ago, when I was a kid. Surely, you wish to get some other matters off your chest because I had never realized just how much the Avengers pay attention to civilian affairs.”
Fear.
“Then I don’t understand this,” Natasha said collapsing onto the chair as she continued watching the two fight. Sam briefly wondered if he should intervene, because he really didn’t want blood on his new rug. However, Natasha’s glare in his direction made him reconsider and he stayed silent.
Tony’s hand rested on the back of Steve’s neck, pulling him closer. Steve broke away from Tony’s lips to begin its descent on Tony’s neck. Tony’s fingers tightened around Steve’s neck and released with each breath against his neck.
“So this is what some misplaced revenge on Tony?” Steve rasped. “He’s doing all of this because instead of graduating from MIT, he graduated from Harvard.”
Steve ran a hand through his hair. He had a fleeting thought that he should get a haircut soon. “I think I’d like to show Tony that I am staying, truly apologize for leaving, and show him that I’m going to fight for him. I’m going to show him that I love him and I’m not going to let Ryder manipulate me into thinking that I shouldn’t be near Tony.”
There in that folder was just all of the documentation, photos, transcripts of an interview with Tony.  He had remembered Tony leaving briefly two days ago, for a few hours. Is this what he had been doing? Some of the photos looked like Tony had taken them himself.
“Where’s my watch,” Tony questioned.
“Ma’am, yes ma’am,” he mock saluted.
“Ah, and didn’t Steve leave you to die in a cave in Siberia and you forgave him to the point where you locked lips. Have you ever felt at any point that I would kill you? I don’t think you have. Yet you’ve forgiven murderers over forgiving me? The one you love.”
But they…they were going to sell him. Ryder promised him…he promised him he at least would never do anything to seriously harm him. But when Ryder was gone? He looked at the two unconscious bodies and felt proud. He hadn’t let them touch him. He did good. He didn’t let them touch him. If Ryder was here, he would have saved him earlier. Only Ryder could…
“We’ll see.”
“Alright, everyone buckled up and ready to go?” Steve questioned as he started up the car again.
“Seriously, that was pretty cool of you,” Michelle offered.
“Well I would win, if you didn’t always have three draw fours in your hand,” Harley shouted back. “I mean I’m pretty sure you’re cheating.”
“I thought we we’re meeting up at the front desk, but that’s okay. I ended a bit earlier so let’s leave now. Perhaps we can even still catch breakfast,” Ryder cutting Harley off and throwing an arm around Harley. “I have a car waiting for us outside, so we can go now.”
“And here I was thinking you were smart enough to get the hint to stay away.”
Tony had recently relocated to the main floor so Miles would have easier access to things around him and wouldn’t have to rely on the elevator so much.
As Tony went into the next aisle looking for bread, his phone rang. He answered the call, seeing that it was Peter.
“But I won’t do that yet because I’m patient and the wait will be oh so worth it,” Steve whispered softly in his ear. “Granted I hope it won’t be that long of a wait.”
Steve looked alarmed and everyone else’s bodies grew tense.
Tony couldn’t tell how long he had been there in that room. It could have been one day, a week, a month and he wouldn’t have known. Between the patches and the drinks with pills Ryder and present CMPNY had kept him unaware of what was going on.
Steve rolled his eyes at Tony and pulled the blanket over his eyes. It didn’t stop Tony’s laughter though. Steve smiled widely at the sound of Tony laughing again. He caught a few nurses, doctors, and patients looking at him oddly. He wondered the source of their looks, before he realized he was smiling albeit probably a little crazy, while carrying a body hidden in a blanket. He had the thought to stop smiling, but then figured that would be way worse.
“I’m going to go visit Miles. The children at the orphanage are quite fans of Black Widow you know. The girls especially love you. Though I’m pretty terrified about that because I think those girls have been holding secret meetings about training to be little spies and assassins. Fairly certain their first mission is to kill me with cuteness over how they all are taking all the plastic knives from the pantry. You know what never mind that’s not cute. I should probably tell Karen about that. Right?”
Edit: For those who have already read this chap, I made a quick change, but it is not necessary that you re-read it. I just had to do a name change lol
Tony took in all of his family who were now busy celebrating the engagement. He watched as Miles leapt onto Bucky’s back, amusing Sam who leaned in to kiss Bucky on the cheek. His eyes settled on Harley teasing Peter about MJ. The conversation filtered all around them.
The two sat in silence for a few minutes not able to say anything. What could they say? That everything would be okay? That felt like a lie, even before it was felt on his tongue. That Tony was strong and he would recover in no time? That sounded awful and dismissive of what Tony went through, expecting him to hurry his process of recovery just because those around him wanted him to be okay.
“Then why ask how I’m holding up, if you obviously already know,” he questioned back, all of a sudden feeling angry.
“No, it’s really not.”
“Why am I just hearing about this now,” Pepper said, her eyes narrowed.
Tony hummed. “Yes, you can bring your little girlfriend and your band of science geeks…hey no offense I myself hold that title with honor. Okay, now seriously do your homework kid. Alright yes…mhmm…yeah you too. Good night,” Tony said before handing the phone up.
“Just be patient with me honey, please.”
“This may be the best thing I have ever eaten in my life. I don’t know if it’s because I am actually starving or whether it’s because Bruce is an actual food genius. I’m going to go with the fact that I’m starving because I refuse to admit that Bruce is quite literally amazing at almost everything,” Tony rambled.
Steve sat down opposite of Tony.
“You can go first Miriam,” Cali said, responding with the same accent.
“Are you not? This whole thing seems to be centered on Ryder? Are you wishing that I am Ryder simply because you had a secret crush on him,” Isak hinted. “I wouldn’t be surprised people are often enamored with personalities like Ryder and maybe that’s why your friend stayed with him so long. Maybe they were in love.”
“No, you’re not trying to help. You’re been rude and this is certainly not the place to have this conversation. Lately, I don’t know what is going on with you, but if this is how you’re going to act then we can call ourselves through. I am not going to be reprimanded for being myself and I refuse to restrict myself to a freaking cage. Maybe this break away from you was just what I needed.”
“Plus, I had to live up to the high expectations that you clearly set for yourself. I mean back when we were young and before your little brain damaged friend didn’t kill off Tony’s parents,” Ryder smirked.
“Sir, perhaps I can direct you to Miles’ location, if you would please calm down for a second.”
Tony was momentarily startled, seeing as though Ryder had stopped opening his door for him nearly two months after they started dating. Tony stepped out and reluctantly took the hand that Ryder offered. There were always cameras around and Tony hadn’t wanted to cause some scandal by simply refusing to hold hands with his boyfriend.
As Tony laid asleep, tucked underneath Steve’s chin, Steve started wondering if he had done the right thing or if he should have done more.
“Now how many hearts did you break. ‘Cause I know if I had you for one night and then it was over, I’d be in tears Steve. Honest tears, heavy sobs. No lie and not to expand your ego because I’m sure being Captain America and having the hottest and most awesome boyfriend in the world does that for you already…but you are unfairly good at this.”
The roof over the years had been a sort of escape for a lot of the team, so they had made it into a sort of outside patio. But tonight it had a magical aura to it. Fairy lights were strung like curtains, the glass table was covered with a thin sheet of champagne colored silk. In the middle of the table a bouquet of flowers were fixated. Plates of food were nicely already out and the smell was so enticing that Tony couldn’t help the response of his mouth watering.
“It’s always cold in here. The room is like this one…like the one,” Tony trailed off, hopeful that Steve would understand what he was trying to say. “And I asked her to crack the door, but she didn’t crack the door.”
Bucky let out a soft chuckle that nobody besides Steve could hear. Steve brightened at the sound, but decided not to draw too much attention to it. If he did, Bucky would no doubt try hiding it again. Bucky said Steve always became this overexcited puppy every time Bucky portrayed another emotion than brooding and deep reflection. Bucky had wanted him to stop looking at him like that because it had made him feel like Steve was constantly waiting for someone to come back, who was used to exchanging jokes and laughing. And Bucky wasn’t that guy anymore…at least not completely. But Bucky hadn’t wanted to give Steve false hope of “his” Bucky returning.
Steve shifted on his feet and looked past Tony. Steve’s refusal to look Tony in the eyes led Tony to look elsewhere. Tony noticed the bags resting near Steve’s feet and others that were piled up in the main living area. Steve’s jaw clenched and he kept his eyesight on the wall behind Tony.
Don’t get arrested.
Tony chuckled to himself.
A few hours after they had managed to efficiently end the party with minimum complaint, they were all gathered in the main living area, waiting for Tony to come back. After they had learned the true reason for the party ending, none of them felt comfortable going to sleep until seeing Tony arrive back and seeing how he was holding up after the break-up.
He went to put everything back and made sure to clean the kitchen counter. He turned to look back at Tony whose eyes were starting to look heavy. “Well I guess I’ll be heading back to my room now.”
“Did you just call me out here to give me compliments?” Tony asked, attempting to advert his gaze from Steve’s. “I thought I would never live to see the day.”
Tony sputtered and strongly tried ignoring how his heart jumped in his chest. He had hopes that what he had read from Steve’s letter was true. Of course he also told himself not to read too much into it. Though now…perhaps with Steve actually here maybe he was being honest in his letter.
Steve laid the food before Miles and sat down with his own plate of food. Miles looked at his plate and turned to Steve with an unimpressed glare.
“I know you will,” he said into the air as Tony turned away.
“Understood?”
Bucky turned the stove on low and wiped his hands on his pants. “Alright, all the food is ready. You just have to set up the table and maybe clean yourself up a bit. I’ll take the little kids here and take our portions to go.”
(See the end of the chapter for
At the sound of you, U came from its corner around the lab’s couch and pushed DUM-E aside. DUM-E made a noise of discontent whirring closer to get to Tony. A huff of raspy laughter broke through as Tony watched as DUM-E and U fought over who was able to get closer to Tony.
Tony shifted on his leg. “Oh, then what mission are you going on? Is it like some super-secret thing?”
“Miriam,” Cali hissed. “That is enough.”
She had taken a few hours to visit Tony at the hospital, but by the time she arrived he was still asleep. And unfortunately being in charge of the orphanage meant that Karen couldn’t stay away for long, no matter how much she wanted to stay and make sure that Tony was going to be okay.
Miles slumped in his seat in the cart and pouted. Tony refused to give attention to the silent tantrum he was giving. He knew that Miles needed way more vegetables than a snack that was probably drenched in sugar…even if he secretly desired the fruit snack as well.
A string of rushed words came out and there was a silent quiver to them. Harley remained silent, but Steve could see the way his fingers seemed to tremble.
Fingers dug into the sand and rested in there. She smoothed her fingers out and watched as the sand grains traveled through her fingers.
Steve shook his head. “No, Steve is just fine.”
Before the funnel cake even reached the trash can, Steve swooped in and grabbed it. “No need to waste good food.”
Tony wondered sometimes if it was easier having a physical reminder of Ryder’s abuse on his body. He questioned himself and why it was hard to reconcile his belief that as those physical bruises on his body faded away, the ones felt sometimes even deeper on his heart, soul, and mind were mending far too slowly for Tony’s liking.
“Yes, as I was saying,” he sang, “The one with the colors was really nice, but I didn’t like how small it was. It wasn’t as big as the others.”
