John laughed "I don't know. Maybe a dessert?"
They didn't want anything huge after the ceremony. They just had hors d'oeuvres and then of course the traditional cake.
We soon found him in a cemetery four towns away dead at the grave of one Odessa.
Sherlock sat on the side of the stadium on the universities campus where the graduation was being held. John said his parents were not going to attend due to his fathers hip and Sherlocks family all sent their excuses.
Before Mike could argue any further a woman wearing heels and a grey suit started marching up to John. He immediately knew who it was.
My love didn't suspect foul play but it seemed a little odd that an old man would just leave his work when he was so invested in his community and his skill.
"Me?....Stupid?" Charlotte said as she stood but never quite finding her balance. "Listen..." She said digging her finger in his chest and willing herself to sober up. "I'm not stupid. You're the one that raped me, you're the one that kidnapped me, and that kid we have upstairs....I didn't even want. But I went through it all because it was the right thing to do! I'm tired of doing something to please everyone else! Who gives a fuck if I go out and have a little fun?"
John shook his head and smiled and Sherlock slightly turned away and answered "What could you possibly want?" He paused and waited for the answer "Are you sure you lot can't figure it out?" an annoyed groan escaped his lips. "Fine give me twenty minutes." Then then hung up and looked at John with slightly sad eyes. "I'm sorry that was work, seems I have to go."
_____________________________________
Thank you for last night
Sherlock pulled back and shook his head "It's too late. This divorce papers have already been filed all they need is John's signature. He'll probably sign them right away and probably already has a string of omegas waiting for him to be officially single." He took a deep shuttering breath. "It's better this way." He repeated hoping that if he said it enough times it would make the words true.
John smiled "Is that a yes?"
John took a relaxing breath. Thank God.
John collected his shoes and started to put them on. "No."
"Well anyways, while you were gone he was bonded and is now expecting a baby! His mother Katie told me and they are over the moon! But it does lead me to wonder...do you ever consider yourself doing that?"
John was shocked at his words. "What....are.....really?"
Clara and Carter tried the new way and smiled at the lack of struggle they experienced.
‘Well that could have gone better.’ John said over the phone.
Sherlock stood up fast "My mother won't even speak to me! But I told my family the truth! I didn't hide you! What is it? Are you ashamed of me? Ashamed of our life?!"
Charlotte nodded. "You too." Charlotte took Tristan from David's arms and looking down at her sweet baby's smile began to cry hard.
Killian ran up "Look what Edelweiss did!" Killian lifted up his shirt exposing his tummy which had various shades of coloured paint on it "We were playing museum and she made me the Mona Lisa! And Valentina did my back and she did a picture called Starry Night!" He said turning around and showing him his painted blue and black back.
Pulling himself out of his thoughts and continuing on their walk Sherlock replied "Somewhat. John and I agreed that we wanted the sex to be a surprise since we read that it makes for more excitement in the delivery room."
David sighed. "Look Charlotte.....I know there's a lot you regret and I know I'm the center of that regret so I've been thinking....if you want to break out bond I won't fight you. I'll even take Tristan off your hands and you'll never have to see me or him ever again. You can have the life you always dreamed about without us being a millstone around your neck." Those words taste like bile coming out if his mouth.
He immediately grabbed the bottom of his stomach and gasped in pain. An older woman came up behind him with a concerned look "Are you alright?" She asked.
Charlotte crossed to be in the middle of them and cleared her throat. Both her parents looked up and when she was sure she had their attention she began. "I'm sorry for how I behaved and I wanted to let you know David and I came to an agreement. We're going to grow up apart from each other while I'm gone with the ballet company. I think it's best that I not be here for awhile. I know I'm putting stress on your relationship and it would be better if I was out of the picture."
________________________________________
(See the end of the chapter for
"Mrs. Holmes I understand that you're mad at me but if I could just talked to Sherlock-"
Greg shrugged "Sherlock, let him graduate and if he still is acting like this afterwards talk to him. A marriage requires communication and if you feel this way you need to talk to him."
John was sleeping soundly. Sherlock looked at his husband and debated whether or not to wake him. The move to Scotland was bothering him. He didn't want to leave London and raise his child in total unfamiliar territory. He had to convince John to stay here and this was going to be the only way to do it.
Mike walked over and slapped John's back. "No point of trying to get him to go anywhere. Boring as a brick this one is."
____________________________________
Judge Peterson opened the door. He was in his robe and pyjamas and tied his robe a little tighter as he let the couple in. "What can I do for you Sherlock?"
When he walked into the waiting room there was no sign of the omega. He asked the nurse at the desk if Sherlock was still there and he pointed him to the room he was in.
The young girl smiled at her mother and skipped away.
The kitchen was a bushel of energy. Staff was running in and out and John smelt the most amazing food coming out of the stove and his mouth began to water.
Caught off-guard, Watson babbles: “It’s fine.” He scratches his beard. Aiming for normal, “How do we continue?”
Sherlock had warned John during
"Well… you might be correct, Mr Holmes. I had found a perfect suitor for her already. My partner you see. A very respectable man, from a good background, settled and ambitious, and instead my Anna chose a sailor…" Before we could react - and I surely wanted to give him a harsh scolding, our client surprised us both by ending: "I regret my actions, Mr Holmes, Dr Watson. The minute I closed the door behind them, I wanted to open it again and welcome him to the family. Alas, they were gone."
they had ordered a pint each and John had coaxed Sherlock into eating something too. They both
“Doctor Watson was heroic tonight, Mr Holmes. He will have to be awarded a medal. He arrived in Norwich, almost unconscious. With a broken leg. Then someone came to tell me.
"I didn't mean it like that..." Watson took a few steps forward, uncertain, feeling decidedly sorry and uncomfortable. He felt guilty about what he hadn't said, but that Holmes had so easily sensed. He had spoken without thinking, even in his heart that room had taken on a very special value. "It wasn't what I meant, I don't think we come here just for that reason," he stopped beside his lover, who was turning his back to him as he finished finishing up some red berries in the composition of the fireplace.
Without further ado, he left the table. The meal barely touched.
The elements were in an uproar; the waves were crashing almost like thunder against the old rocks; darker clouds and suddenly, the sun blinking through for a second or a minute, and all was alight.
And hour and under this condition? Do you believe that to be wise, Dr. Watson?
Bond: What makes you think this is my first time?
"The little girl was drugged before being kidnapped."
Oh, a woman's talk is so different when no male gaze is involved.
"I’m not a mind reader, regardless of what some tabloids claim."
Medication, as well as therapists, were red flags nowadays; they found their own solution: retirement. As far as possible from London. Therefore they rejected the suggestion by Mycroft - Sussex Down - immediately.
He smiled briefly at John, who grinned and turned away to look out of the window.
Holmes makes a show of exhaling loudly. He had not let go of his air of theatrics. At least the walking over our furniture had stopped. No VR appeared on our walls either. Nowadays, he would be considered a decent lodger - if it was not for the love we shared since 1903.
s December, and one tries to be cheery for the children... What should I say, Doctor Watson? All was set up, and then a telegram summoned me to the residence of Mr Marley…"
"What about the colonel's daughter?"
had praised his intended bride’s good looks, the merchant had first turned pale and then interrupted him without even an apology. In a booming voice, Gregory Lestrade blurted out that he could tell as much about his sorrows as about his wife’s cursedness.
“Why?”
Holmes said, clearly moved, "a wise man reminded me recently that everyone has a destiny. My responsibility might solve crimes, but no one can force me to share the solution of the cases with everyone."
"Well, yes, Mr Holmes. He said a child this age had no chance of surviving in this weather."
Is it the love between a married man and a virgin maiden, who was once promised to another man? Or is it the love between two men?
I felt stiff after the nap. Apparently, we had brought the weather from London with us: Sherrington’s High Street shimmered in the early afternoon haze. Everyone—save for me—was in a good mood. The sky was cloudless. I was not sure if I was glad to be back, not only because I did not know what would await us at the estate; it also did not feel right to be here, to be back at my supposed home. This was not John Watson’s street anymore.
“Thank you,” said Sherlock. “For dinner, I mean.”
Just like John, he feared to let his guard down, feared that once he started talking, he could never stop.
"Any news?
): The worst to — (
WATSON
“Which, my dear?”
There is a funfair in town. It always appears for the summer holidays like clockwork. When all the UK got six weeks
I took her away as quickly as possible.
Fair warning: it's getting grim from this point onwards. Check the added tags and warning! I promise: NO major character death, but in chapter 4 we'll get the first death. We're leaving the cozy crime territory and entering the thriller genre.
I couldn't follow him because Landsbury’s business was none of mine. How could I have asked our client for permission to accompany him? So I returned to the living room, facing the died out fireplace. I waited.
It wasn’t until the evening when finally Holmes returned. He was accompanied by an elderly man. I immediately recognized Mr Cavendish, whom I had met under turbulent circumstances at the Norwich Police Station.
In particular, the abbess rarely does.
the cup. Again, there’s Sherlock: his fingers are too soft for a man and also irritatingly steady.
"She was so hoping to see Mr Sherlock Holmes. Where is he?"
“You had your moments…”
"In the newspaper?"
'The Private Life of Sherlock Holmes' as well as 'The Sexual Adventure of Sherlock Holmes' are real. The first is a movie directed by Billy Wilder, the second is an iconic pastiche written by the man who wrote the first handbook about BDSM. Both are oldies but goodies.
John sat in front of Sherlock, feeling the heat of Sherlock’s fire on his back. Sherlock’s gaze travelled his body, and all was good. Finally, John lay back on the mattress, knees bent. John took Sherlock’s hand, guiding it between his legs until he felt Sherlock’s finger skim over his hole. His breath caught in his throat as he pushed against Sherlock’s hand, feeling the tip of Sherlock’s finger pressing
"Has this room been cleaned since the tragedy?"
HOLMES: That is for you to decide.
THE END
She was not allowed that many sweets, as otherwise, she would be a menace during bedtime, but she was resourceful. Further, she had transformed puppy eyes into an art form. "Please," remained the magical word. She had learned from the best.
The door was closed and then a gruff voice said: “Now, this is it?”
CURATOR: How on earth did you
Holmes continued, and I detected a glimmer of mischief and fondness (rather odd, my subconsciousness noted) in his whole demeanour.
“Do you know me as a man of great humour?”
BILLY: Yes sir — ‘he’s got my coat sir but
My Holmes remains an odd duck, and I love him dearly for it.
“We could have arrested Dr Neil, regardless. I could make him talk, get the name of his accomplices. Maybe we could prevent another murder.”
"Good morning, John!"
we only tricked each other into bed—but we are old now and not foolish enough to trick each other once more. Let there be love for the rest of the days.
I used the time to observe Sherlock: he was still wearing his tailor-made suits. I could barely stop him from putting on his Belstaff this morning. His hair product was posh and made his curls shine in the sunlight (and only I witnessed his frenzy whenever he discovered grey hair. They were pulled out immediately, and I did my duty to kiss his scalp to make it all better.) His tight button-down was straining over his chest as he has put on some muscles in recent months, shaping him even more into an action hero.
I had been distraught when he had seemed to have met his ends at Reichenbach, similar to his feelings towards me marrying Mary Morstan. Back then, he had never let it slip, but as the years had grown, I had sensed it but never felt brave enough to address it.
All were locked, but Holmes came prepared. He had his lock-picking kit at the ready and in no time, we were standing at the entrance. It was a tall room and already here most of the furniture and decorative items were sold or given away to charity, as only the bare walls and the wooden floor welcomed us. The floor held Holmes’ interest as he knelt and inspected them closely. The same procedure—Holmes’ examining and probably deducing while not uttering a word aloud—was repeated in the kitchen, the sitting room and the small library.
): Why I was merely about to —
HOLMES: Now. What can we deduce about that knocking?
HOLMES (
“Yes,” and if as just occurring to him only now, “Yes.
"I don't have a lead yet, sir. You must give me time. Remember that our investigation just started yet.
WATSON: Tell me what you propose to do with that counterfeit package — which you are going to risk your life to get.
“You’re getting old, John.”
My first idea was to wait for Cartridge to give up and go away. However, there quickly came a second ring and with it a call from the street through the now open window.
downstairs again, I heard a cry from the street. Without thinking, I ran to the parlour window.
, a proud man, runs the town of Doyle.
Later, Holmes played a private concert for us. Mrs Hudson, always observant, got all teary-eyed and excused herself soon, proclaiming her intent to turn to bed early. "Merry Christmas, Mr Holmes! Mr Christmas, Dr Watson!"
HOLMES: Billy!
Which was the perfect timing, as by then Mrs Hudson would have our dinner ready and the last gifts would be wrapped
“Why the devil have you taken his case?” I asked, not trying to hide my uneasiness when the door closed behind Mr X.
“Tell me more about your group.” Sherlock paused. "I want to know everything."
They both shared a few giggles but they were brought out of it as the doctor came back with the machine. She stared setting everything up and pulled down the sheet a bit and lifted the gown exposing Sherlocks stomach. She then looked at John "Are you going to watch the show?"
"Where are you going?" David said stopping her before she could go any further.
Charlotte could feel the years begin. "I love you too Papa."
Charlotte turned to David. "Can't you handle it by yourself for one night?"
He sighed and turned over to face the wall, this was ridiculous. He was the Crowned Prince, he needed to focus on laws and diplomacy not an Omega with golden hair, a laugh that was like music, and the most beautiful blue eyes he'd even seen....NO! It didn't matter. He couldn't care.
John looked at Clark "Stop messing with your brothers and sisters."
One of Amanda's friends Chloe said "Oh come on. You're with the baby all the time. I'm sure your mate can handle him for awhile longer."
Regardless though John was happy, he accomplished so much and had people constantly congratulating him on his children who were all pure-bred Alpha boys and Omega girls.
John stood on the able and got his whistle out and blew it bring all the fighting and shouting to a standstill. Using his best Captain voice shouted “Enough!” Once he knew he had command of the room and looked at his surroundings. “Watsons fall in!”
Greg rolled his eyes at his husbands action. "You okay mate?"
Johns cheeks began to burn "I don't like what your implying."
Sherlock placed John's hand on his lower back and held his hand at eye length with his own hand "So it's quite simple you just step back..." They did the movements as Sherlock spoke "....step side.....step OUCH!" Sherlock said as John stepped on his foot.
time Sherlock asked him to accompany him to a visits John would give an excuse when in reality he was a little to squeamish to handle anything to do with the birth.
Tears started forming in Charlottes eyes. "So you two have been lying to me this past year! And you David are leaving! You're leaving me alone with Tristan!"
We're fine
Sherlock tensed and turned over as best he could "What happened?"
John looked at his Father for clues to where this conversation might be going "Well we were lab partners but I wouldn't consider him what you call a friend." In fact John could remember the boy who was scrawny and light skinned very shy. And he was no help at all when it came to group projects.
Mike awkwardly rocked back and forth for a second "You okay? What was up with you today?"
John walked over carefully and sat down next to him. Sherlock didn't even acknowledge his presence. John took a deep breath and swallowed the lump in his throat "Look Sherlock....I want to apologise for what I did and said earlier."
John smiled into the kiss and broke apart when they all the sudden heard a gasp.
Charlotte looked around the room for a bit "Where's David?"
"I'm sure that's modestly due in part to my son." Violet said hotly drinking her wine.
I'm always cheering for you to do amazing things. Why can't you support me the way I do you? Why do I have to feel like I committed some felony doing something I love to do?
He turned around to see his friend Molly a mousy looking omega who obviously spent quite a bit of money on the outfit she's wearing.
Sorry this post has taken so long and it's short. Once the holidays pass I hope to go back to posting almost every day again. Thanks for reading if you're still there!
Up until the day he had to leave to Scotland he tried to get a hold of Sherlock. It seemed that every member of the Holmes family was determined to keep him far away. They even went so far as changing the locks to 221 and having all his stuff in boxes outside the door.
Now go enjoy your sweets and coco. As for me I'm just going to enjoy watching my love play Christmas carols on the violin.
All the sudden Zachary froze at a large envelope. "Uh....John....this is for you."
Siger sighed "Really son? Another one? I thought you said you weren't going to have anymore."
John looked up to see Sherlocks blue-grey eyes staring wide at him. He couldn't break his husbands heart like this, especially after such a long day. "And....he informed me I was falling behind on my Chem class and he was worried about my graduating."
Charlottes defences went down and she sadly nods and stands up. Before she heads out of the bakery she turns back. "By the way, Happy Birthday David." And then leaves.
Sherlock kept his eyes shut and tried to curl himself up for warmth. "Fuck off." He said sleepily.
I know in my heart this weekend alone will be the perfect opportunity to fix us. Just as I'm about to tell you how much I appreciate you coming your phone rings.
Sorry it took awhile for this chapter to come up. I've been super busy! I'm hoping to have some more up soon. Thanks for reading!
John just nodded again.
Charlotte had gone upstairs and came back down in her dance clothes and bag thrown over her shoulder. "I'm off!" She said as she headed towards the door.
Greg was in slight shock at how fast John was possibly agreeing to this "As soon as you can. Tomorrow?"
Sherlock smirked "My pleasure. Literally."
The tears that she thought stopped start falling again. "I don't know..."
Sherlock sighed in frustration "I have to go."
Valerie was eating her meal much slower then the boys in her household "Oh John, I almost forgotten, do you remember your young Omega friend Samuel?"
Persephone dropped her arms in slight annoyance "Well why not Mum? You deserve someone to be with."
John has gone from stiff to worried in a second flat. All his anger has been replaced by worry. "What?" He asks carefully.
Sherlock shook his head "No, I'm not lying to you."
Oliver smiled again "Of course." He stood up and the team started getting the gurney ready to transport Sherlock. "Do you think you can stand?"
John smiled "A soldier is always grateful for what he is given but in this case I'm inclined to agree with you."
At first I was a little wary to attended these things but now I can't get enough. You attend some of them with me on occasion.
"Oi, Omega! I'm talking to you." She said, clearly annoyed with him.
"Children?!" Sherlock almost chocked. "We've not been engaged for 24 hours and you're already discussing children?! I'm not even sure that's even something that John and I would want."
John was taken out of his trance by Mike. "Oi, James that's not very fair. Casanova himself couldn't sway him."
Sherlock did not like where this was going. "What are you expecting me to do?"
"No, son this needs to be asked. What are you intentions with my son?"
"John come look at this." Sherlock said calling John over.
John held Sherlocks hand as he panted with the pain while Oliver checked how far along Sherlock was. John kissed Sherlocks forehead "You're doing great. You're okay, it's alright." He tried to sooth.
John looked around as if he was scared to say it out loud. Then then took a deep breath and said "Look, please don't think that I'm a stereotypical Alpha who feels like they're lot in life is to only reproduce, it honestly just sort of happened but...." he took another deep breath "I have eight children."
“Are you sure, you’re ok with this Mary?” John fiddles with his hands and looks down at the red mark on this left hand.
okay.”
“Yes, he did. They’re going to go perfectly with my flowers when spring comes.”
John shrugged, “I’m not either. But it's still nice to stay with family. Or friends.”
ran through his head, he still worried. He still... he still cared for John. And it drove him insane not knowing where John was. He wasn't used to not knowing, and he didn't like it. Not one bit.
“Your brother?”
He shrugs, “It was the least I could do. For her, and for you.”
“Nothing, nothing,” John’s glares at Sherlock, “Sherlock’s just being silly.”
"Do you want this?" It was barely a whisper, but Sherlock heard the words.
"Hey, Sherlock? You know how you asked that if you told me something I couldn't tell anyone, I wouldn't?"
"What is 'more' about it?"
Rosie looks at them both in confusion, “What is it?”
Sherlock finally relented, and he slowly, but surely, sank down into John. Allowing John a few moments to adjust to his size.
Their lips suddenly met in the middle, and there they stayed. Sure, they would look back on this and blush about how their first kiss was on a dorm room floor at a party. And sure they would have to thank Irene for putting them in this situation, but that was later. Now, they kissed each other with caution, but desperation at the same time. Almost forgetting entirely about the people around them.
Opening the door with his left hand, he steps inside, and turns into the hall, where Sherlock’s bedroom resides at the end of. It’s been such a long time since he’s been inside.
"So," he started, trying his hardest to break the silence, "care to give me an overview of this place? They didn't really give me much information when I applied, and the name doesn't really help," he hesitated; he had to choose his words carefully, "most hotels like these would never shut up about their long history and success, but this hotel hasn't said a word."
He hummed as he felt Sherlock’s nimble fingers slowly massage his tense muscles into relaxation and leaned into Sherlock sleepily as he felt Sherlock follow his fingers with little kisses that traveled past his shoulder and down his neck. He was on the edge of sleep when he felt Sherlock’s hand slowly move down to his hips and onto his thighs. His eyes popped open and his cheeks burned red while Sherlock’s hand journeyed to his inner thighs. Movie forgotten, he turned and grabbed Sherlock’s upper arms,  hungrily attacking Sherlock with his lips.
“I cheated on her.”
Thank you for everyone who read this story and gave kudos! This was a great first fanfiction experience and I'll keep writing!
John nodded quickly, "O-oh yeah. Right. Yeah."
“How does
"Please Lestrade, use your brain. William was working in the background, making sure to hide his tracks."
And right outside, the city at night is active and alight.
"Are you ready?"
“But wouldn’t your…” John nods down to the man’s left ring finger, where a visible red circumcised it at the bottom. Not that he minded, or was bitter about the other man finding his soulmate (ok, maybe he was, but that was no one’s business), but he was mainly concerned that he was walking into a situation that he really didn’t want to deal with.
He probably should’ve known the peace wasn’t going to last.
"The victim of the attack was John Watson."
“Exactly!”
He laughs at the irony of it.
"Good luck."
“M-move.”
John frowned, “What happened?”
“It was the least I could do. Sherlock gave me the most wonderful flower vase the other day.”
Lestrade breathed deeply, "God help me."
John used his good arm to grab Sherlock by his coat and yanked Sherlock towards him, "Shut up." He pulled Sherlock and their lips met in the middle, John's arm on the back of Sherlock's neck as Sherlock grabbed the sides of John’s face.
John shakes his head, “She thought that if you put yourself in harm’s way I’d ... I’d rescue you or something. But I didn’t. Not until she told me to. And that’s how this works. That’s what you’re missing. She taught me to be the man she already thought I was. Get yourself a piece of that.”
They hear the door close from downstairs, and the steps coming up the stairs.
Sherlock got into the car and Mycroft handed him a tablet, "I downloaded the footage onto this tablet."
John smiles and whispers to Rosie, “3,2,1-”
No attacks, no running, nothing. Just a regular first day on the job. Nothing he hadn’t done before.
He feels Sherlock tense up next to him and he looks at Sherlock; confused. What was wrong?
"You're welcome.... love."
“Thanks.”
“What the hell do you mean by that?! I ain't done anything wrong!”
William furrowed his eyebrows, “I guess that my disguise does need some work,” he sighed, “I’m from Britain if you want to know. Am I right to presume you're from there too?”
“What, would you like me,” John pauses as the other man through the earphone pauses, “to make
Positioning his hips over John, he teasingly leaned his cock right against John’s hole. He let his fingers ghost around it again. John whined and writhed against the bed, “
John nods in relief. He was sure that his soulmate mark was going to throw off Mary. It had thrown off all his other girlfriends. To be honest, he’d never thought he could ever have one date with her; let alone three. But Mary knew what it felt like to lose someone that close to you. But most of all, she was perfect for him.
The next day, let’s just say, when Sherlock and John went back to 221B, Mrs. Hudson was waiting for them, asking them if they still needed two bedrooms.
John blinked, caught a bit off guard by the statement, before wordlessly nodding in confirmation; his shoulder hadn’t quite recovered from the day before. After all, the pain of falling on, and then burning an already wounded shoulder didn’t just disappear overnight.  He had mostly ignored the pain for the day, but now as he relaxed, he actually got a chance to notice the pain.
Anyway, enough of my rambling.
Probably sensing my nodding or spotting it in the reflection, Sherlock replied: “There’s no chance to do it. We’ll wake up to a third body tomorrow. And no, I’m not heartless or careless, I’m just stating the facts." Hearing my huffing, he added, "Observe and deduce, John. You came with me to the bar. Dr Neil spent quite a lot on drinks tonight, and not the cheapest brand. How can a struck-off former doctor afford it? And he’s indulged in opium. I’ve been a junkie myself; I can spot the signs. What does this tell us? He’s been paid upfront: he’s delivered all the poisons already. As we are dealing with a smart killer, staging all this isn’t the work of an average man, he won’t let Dr Neil even see his face. I suspect a secret meeting point where the good doctor dropped the poison. His sudden disappearance or even arrest would alarm the killer more, so an observation starting with the 1st of June is more advisable. As a payment afterwards or when he intends to continue as an upfront.”
John picked up an old copy of the London Times from the table. He waited, glancing from his watch to his newspaper to the clock on the wall.
At three o’clock, the woman looked at him and mentioned—as if it was nothing–, “She won’t be coming back.”
"I know you're an invalided soldier, recently returned from fighting in the war. You have an arrow wound in the shoulder but it's made you lame as well - a sickness of the brain, not the limb. That's enough to be going on with, don't you think?" He puts on a sardonic smile. The man will run in no time, they always do. "Sherlock Holmes. I'm the blacksmith in Doyle."
"What about Adèle? Holmes claimed she knew nothing, but
"I—yes. Just, let me—"
"Closer to your rank?"
Our clock announced the full hour, breaking the reverie. Spurred into action, Lestrade put on his coat and hat, turning to the door. "Thank you, Doctor. I’ll sort myself out. When Mr Holmes shows up, can you direct him to…"
He dismissed us. His tone admitted no reply. I was worried. Was Miss Parker's illness so serious?
A universe in which my heart was beating alongside my loved one.
“I came to save you. I'm your daddy's friend. You understand, Adèle?
"I see," I said. A bit baffled,
"She's doing her job. I'm doing mine."
"This is a pleasant
The doctor swallowed twice,
John Watson, war veteran, army doctor, blogger, flatmate and partner of the world’s only consulting detective, wished Sherlock Holmes to not be dead.
Finally, Sherlock rolled them so that he was on top. He recaptured John’s mouth, rutting against him.
To understand how Sherlock Holmes and John Watson ended up here (here: euphemism for sex), you need to understand that Mrs Hudson is an Alto, so she tries to sing the higher notes of
Watson can feel Sherlock’s hot breath on his ear, yet Watson is
WATSON): Ah, Watson, dear fellow.
Before, they planned their secret meetings. The lovers knew when the mayor came for inspections. They knew the special occasions when the town was in uproar and their duties were many. Only when the wine had been plentiful could they celebrate for an hour or
“SHERLOCK!” It's John.
“John?”
Damn, it had to work.
"Do not worry! Anonymous tip it is. So this governess?"
It had been Mike who had suggested that John should apply at Sarah Sawyer’s office. “All doctors
Thrilled, the waitress came back to us, abandoning with joy her thankless task.
“God, fuck, yes!”
s daughter, his Anna, and his fate was sealed.
“And what, Holmes?”
This guy is pretty smart all right: He carries himself so well that no one suspects he is heavily in debt. His name is
"Who prepared the herbal tea?"
HOLMES (
“Doctor Watson, please. Let's go!” pleaded the desperate young woman.
“Oh, should I prepare to be called Johann next?”
I hoped my face didn’t show my confusion as well as my barely contained jealousy. What the hell was going on? What wicked play was my Holmes playing?
): Yes sir (
I left the house without a key, but I knew that there was a possibility to access it via the rear of the terrace.
Watson makes a ragged sound, hips squirming—he is definitely aroused, there is no doubt. There was never any doubt.
. Appointments only by telephone.”
Dressed in a haze, I rushed to prepare breakfast.
had committed a foolish mistake as a lad and had agreed with the devil, Mr Marley. He had been the only one to hire him afterwards, the influential businessman had claimed. Years later, it was true. With prospects gone, blackmailed into submission,
The bullet had hit John’s left shoulder, and he had fallen to the ground.
It backfired, rightfully so:
“But Inspector Stanley found no leads. They only discovered that the kidnappers used the ladder to commit their crime. When he spoke of closing the case, I called you to find my little girl.
made me shiver. All those left behind things, creating shadows, creaking in the wind. Dust and dirt everywhere made it easier for Holmes to determine that there was a cellar below.
“Watson, what are you doing here?”
“Well, yes, Mr Holmes.”
He was, I could tell, steaming with anger.
Not once, I kissed. A real one, one for me, for my love. I had received kisses as part of the foreplay, I had some as an apology, and I had been kissed because Watson had wanted it.
A sleek car, almost a limousine, drew up beside John and, grateful to abandon his train of thought, John got in.
This is an altered and edited version of "Baby, it's called outside" (duet: Indina Menzel/Michael Bublé).
“I found the messenger. An article published in the
"There was this blanket in the tomb, do you recognise it?"
John leant forward and stood up. He raised Sherlock’s head. The eyes met; the fire burned in both of them.
S S, seven letters with the F being underlined. I was baffled, like the forces.
I tried to release myself from his embrace as gently as possible.
"Sir, I beg your pardon, but I must speak with you."
Oh, it was wonderful to spot now the layers of his praise, how he was secretly pleased that I had followed his thinking process. Even before we had become lovers, he had wished for a companion. He had revealed it himself last night. Oh, my love; he had pretended to feel nothing because he felt so much. All those years he had kept it firmly locked in secret compartments and as notes were never written but in journals and hidden in his silver medallion.
In the end, I shut him up by kissing him. It is quite effective, and as things progressed Holmes could observe and deduce that our routine and role in bed has not changed with the place. It is us; we fit. It’s home.
“Do you suspect another secret passage?”
M. H. is hush-hush because some people believe that their baristas are actual mind-readers. They’re simply well-trained. A boot camp by Mr Sherlock Holmes is an eye-opener in the human mind. Observation is the key to good customer service. It shouldn’t be such a revolutionary concept.
Or it hasn't been until now. Because with every tune, the sound of the gunfire gets softer. You cannot hurt people fatally when music is around. Maybe some madmen could shoot people with their playlist, but soldiers are just weaponized men. They've been turned into machines, but they've kept their heart.
“A secret passage,” he exclaimed, clearly fascinated and elated.
I nodded.
even his powers. And why should he care for Sherrington Hall, anyway? He assured me he hasn't heard about it before. Remember his face when we announced our retirement plans? His minions certainly had a tough task to investigate everything and anything about it in a limited timeframe. Sherrington has no
With the Jinn at his side, everything seemed possible.
Sherlock Holmes, driving cabs in London.
HOLMES: You will be taken from here to the hospital if you keep that hand behind you.
WATSON (
Instead of his "married to his work" line, Sherlock had proposed to John soon after moving here. Technically, John had been close behind as they both had blurted out, "Marry me" in the same minute. However, John had been faster for once in the reaction ("YES! GOD YES!"), so technically Sherlock won (not that anyone cared, Sherlock only had a spreadsheet for sexual favours, at least, until his body overruled his hard drive aka his brain during the first time. Sherlock had been chuffed, John had been so in love. He had slipped it out, "love," which had led to round two.).
There was no light within.
"Have the police arrived?" I inquired.
“That man is weakened by substance abuse. I suspect good old-fashioned opium. Therefore, he isn’t able to carry a corpse, let alone a heavy wooden cross through the city. No, John, we might have found our poisoner, but it's far too early to arrest Dr Neil.”
My beloved John still looked unsure; why could he not let it go? All the
“Whatever for?”
Holmes entered the room and took a few steps on the thick carpet. With a gesture, he told us to remain put.
Gently, Holmes massages Watson’s pucker in little circles. He traces the muscles of Watson’s lower back, the dimples at the top of his ass, the scattering of blond hair at the dip of his spine.
“I am afraid you must do without. Neither of us can take a chance until this business is complete. Now, please, let me get on.”
HOLMES: Yes, very much like a torch. But not any old torch, Watson. You are my torch. You are a special touch.
Still tending to his fellow soldier, he had cowered as another bomb exploded and he was showered with earth. Some distance away, an enemy with a rifle had pulled the trigger.
and a hunting cap, resembling a deerstalker. He looked uncannily like Sidney Paget’s drawing accompanying my stories in
Sherlock smiled, wicked man. “Shot in the dark. Good one, though. Power connection: tiny little scuffs marks around the edge. Every night they go to plug it in to charge but their hands are shaking. You never see marks on a sober person’s phone; never see a drunk’s without them.”
a brother? Or a nephew?"
HOLMES (
“Colonel Landsbury disinherited you.
Our old brown horse reared in fear, despite Master Cavendish's whip. We could not avoid the carriage. Our little pram, so fragile, was hit violently on the side.
"I do not see how this document of private interest can serve you to capture a criminal, Mr Holmes. Now please leave, gentlemen. I have work to do."
, every time? Because of this. And I was right—even, for once, I was not so sure but I hoped—it took time but we are here. And that is all that matters, John."
My face showed no relief, or so I hoped.
"Any news from Adèle?"
“No, we'll get a coffee in the meantime. Molly, please send us the report as soon as possible. We're off, John hasn’t eaten breakfast yet.”
The detective nodded. "We can extract the housekeeper from the equation for the time being." He lit up his pipe. "Someone has to have inside information…"
Instead of his illegal handgun, he wanted to leave the cane behind.
Being polite could fuck itself.
Surely, our lady was already engaged in many preparations: ordering the goose, baking, the overall cleaning of the house. One reason I had left the house so early today, to be frank, was I had wanted to flee the busy haze. Sharing the mulled cider with Holmes in the evening, the fire blazing hot, and we, sitting next to each other as content as two men can be, was rather wonderful, but the household chores were naturally not our strong forte. Our maids even outbid Mrs Hudson in their enthusiasm for home decor. If they had any saying, the tree would be up on December 1st. To the cheer of the Irregulars, of course.
Both productions - BBC (!) - were the first that put meta in the center and, at least, in case of the radio and the theatre play, made it queer as f*ck. "Flashing my ankles at your fellow soldiers", the James Sholto-plot? You didn't really believe that BBC SHERLOCK invented that? Or, Mrs Hudson as an exotic dancer and whatsonot.
“And you are counting on that...” I was still not one hundred per cent convinced, but I wanted to help, therefore I promised to investigate.
John is and was a bastard, literal.
“Just...”
"Mrs Nordon is going crazy. I urge you to do something, doctor." Stanley sounded agitated at this turn of events, perhaps a little ashamed too. He was tired, clearly visible from the dark circles under his eyes. How long had he been at his post? "She's been screaming for hours that she's innocent. She refuses to answer my questions. She just throws up. I believe she will end up in the asylum. Insanity could be one of the mitigating circumstances for the murder of the girl."
Not even Sherlock reacted, even though I wasn’t sure if it was because of the disruption. It might have been the umbrella that resembled his brother’s that made his face turn expressionless.
“Do you
I shut the door on him and leaned against the wall, trying to get my thoughts in order.
“My physique is very recognizable. I must admit that this man was very ingenious. Finally, the trial ended there. I can't hope to find our man. He evaporated in the crowd without a doubt.”
“Well, I suppose one would expect he would.”
Sherlock was not blushing exactly. My cheekbones weren’t really feeling warm either. It was simply the end of May, so our rooms were sticky and we were in a hurry.
): You cannot do it; old fellow — so do not waste your time.
"Watson! I told you that Adèle was drugged the night she was kidnapped. She was quite incapable of burning anything."
) Ah Holmes — I am trying to save you.
For their date, John suggests they should cook something together. Sherlock knew it: John Watson is a secret romantic. He wants to intervene, but then he remembers John is the expert for relationships. To follow his lead is surely advised.
The sentence shifts and changes constantly. Some days it is “To the very best of times”, some nights it is “Who you really do not matter”, some days it is “There is always two of us”, and some nights it is..
“Mr Holmes! You're back!” she cried, amazed. “But…”
“It’s a lovers' knot,” Gregory Lestrade calls it, and the name sticks.
People want a spectacle, and Sherlock Holmes is more of a centre of attention when he is working.
The cab driver opened his eyes; he grabbed and replaced immediately the black sunglasses, but it was too late.
“I don’t think I have ever heard your voice so unsteady,” Holmes purrs.
Mr Landsbury had a fat, content smile. The two maids were pleasantly surprised at the fortune that was coming to them. As for Mrs Nordon, she bowed her head and seemed on the verge of tears. Holmes put a hand on the young woman's. She looked at him and he smiled encouragingly.
He collected his violin from the case again. This evening he had played all the songs they had wished for. From "Away in a Manger" to "Silent Night", "The First Day of Christmas" to "All I Wish for Christmas is You" (a request from Irene, and oh, her eyes had given her away). Rosie's - Watson's - favourite had been "Rudolph - The Red-Nosed Reindeer", no surprise there. Even the "You're the mean one, Mr Grinch" ("She has seen the movie", John had tried to explain and apologize in the same breath, and Sherlock had not let him, instead had started the first notes) had come as a surprise. For a second, Sherlock had feared that someone would draw a parallel to the Grinch and himself but all were just smiling and nodding enthusiastically when Rosie - Watson - had babbled about wanting a dog like Max (Sherlock had made a note in his mind palace to look this up as soon as possible).
Holmes and Stanley shook hands.
"Because the police were so sure of themselves. Inspector Stanley assured me that a ransom would be demanded. And if I pay it, I would get my daughter back. This is quite usual in the United States. Yet, nothing happened. It was Jane and my old friend, Sir Robert Noberton, who advised me to bring you in."
It took Sherlock a second to catch on, then he rushed:
Another merchant,
Sister Mary wears a pretty cloak and a well-pressed cloth around her neck. Around her arm, she wears a rosary made of coral beads. On this string of beads hangs a golden brooch with the letter A and the inscription
A note of anxiety in his voice suggesting that not all was well. The cartridge was a good friend. I could not see how I could linger here, pretending to be dead when he might require my help.
“It seems she inherits.”
We never tell their stories, at least not in the open. The stories of men who love other men, and of women who love other women, and the stories of people who were men but born female, and women born male, and everything in between.
WATSON
The cook seemed to be indeed tone-deaf.
Mr Sherlock Holmes,
yesterday:
“Hi.”
"Is she good to Adèle?"
“I was not sure, if you simply pretended to have not remembered or if you had truly suppressed what had happened. However, when being alone with David Jones you still had the episodes, hence, the second hypothesis proved correct. You did not need to play act around him, after all. He only knew that you had been ill, but we had never informed him about your revelation during the fever. “
“I’m clean.”
Our landlady, Mrs Hudson, had left me a pleasant, cold breakfast, a sign that she herself had to leave the house early.
“Mary-Ann. Do you recognise this as Robert's handwriting?
Sherlock, also breathing too fast, continued tugging at the jacket and vest. Finally, he roughly stripped off the jacket and vest of his arms. Sherlock bent and tossed the items as far away along the floor as he could—while John staggered at the vehemence with which his lover just ripped them off himself. The jinn reached up and pulled his trousers off, breathing heavily. He turned and stared at John for a moment, then hurried back to further undress. Socks, pants. Finally, he was laid bare.
John’s heart was so full; everything was golden again.
“Whatever you prefer, Sherlock.” It’s John Watson’s standard answer, and it has worked well for the last two decades; alas, today it backfires.
Explosions had been still going off around him; his team had been still under fire.
I ran upstairs to write a note, which I could slip under the basement door. I would write something along the lines:
Suddenly, John Watson felt alive. He smiled back and touched the man’s arm.
Half an hour later, John learned it was wiser if he was the one to open the door because the way Sherlock greeted the delivery driver was appalling.
When my dear Watson woke up, I was the first being he saw.
The silent conversation ended with a grinning John Watson, who suddenly appeared to be a much younger man. For a second the twin sisters could imagine how he might have been in his twenties, maybe called Johnny instead of Dr John H. Watson, with a cheeky wink and short blond hair, quick with his words and ready for adventure, not knowing what the future will bring and where he will end up and with whom...
"Holmes! What in God’s name is going on here?"
“Indeed it is, Watson. Shall we go?”
I watched how he closed his eyes for a millisecond. I felt it before he did it: the mask was in place. He wasn’t hurt because it has slipped his mind nor because he’s part of the community. Or at least, no one was going to witness it except me, because I’ve seen the man behind the mask for long enough to cherish his oh, so, human heart.
He looked at me as if he had seen a ghost. I poured him a stiff drink and placed it into his hands. He certainly seemed as if he needed one. His constitution restored, Mr Jones said quietly, “My apologies, once more... But I thought...”
"These are the sacrifices one makes for one's country, Watson," said Holmes, pulling at his little tuft. I shook out of my reverie. He might be retired, but he is still an observant man. No one knows me as well as Holmes. No, not even my Mary, who was buried for so many years and who had always ignored what I did behind her back. What was Holmes saying?
“The previous owner didn’t lose it. I still know exactly where he is in case he wants it back. He exchanged it for wisdom.”
“We need to know the starting point, the one thing that links the two incidents?”
Soon we found ourselves in the countryside. It was gorgeous but bitterly cold. I could not imagine a nine-year-old child wandering alone through such a never-ending white. We passed a dark, snow-covered forest.
A case had led them to Sherrington. Of course, it had been a case as back as they had been Sherlock Holmes—consulting detective—and Dr John Watson; assistant, blogger and best friend. Actually, they had accepted it because the incident from
"This sounded like a statement, don’t you agree?" Said Holmes, several minutes later, as if nothing had happened. “One might say even a love declaration...”
not be apart from you, therefore we retired here. Elementary, my dear Watson."
Following John’s recommendation, they watch
"Did she only have references?"
it was the season of Light, it was the season of Darkness,
"How do you know that?"
"It is done?" I dared to ask.
stay safe & sane & healthy,
Everything was going according to plan until Michael Landsbury couldn't bring himself to kill Adèle.
On his skin were several red marks, showing a circle and a cross; they dotted his throat, arms, chest, sides.
Jinn!Shrerlock brings human!John to 221b. It's not where John wanted to go, but maybe it's exactly where he's needed to be...
Desperate as I was for a company, I could not forget the promise I made to Holmes to attend no visitors.
Sherrington Hall was their design, with the help of the Partridge sisters and the blueprint by some man called David Jones, but the idea was theirs. In particular, what made a place home was the people who lived in it.
I needed Holmes’ help. The transgression of a broken promise was a trivial thing, surely, in this impaling incident. I would go to him immediately.
“Holmes,” I said, more confident and taking courage for once, “we are in a pretty ghastly time, I know. However, we are in for it together, aren’t we?”
“You get your man!” Her eyes are bright. She doesn’t pretend to be occupied with something else. Tonight she acts like a parent giving their child over in marriage. “Give Sherlock a kiss from me, won’t you?”
John has put on his best clothes, barely stopping himself at donning his old army uniform. He’s a civilian now: one that's clean-shaven and only wears a hint of military haircut. His date shoes are polished. He stands up straight; no, proud.
seen you use these deadly drugs — in ever-increasing doses. When they lay hold of you, there is no end. It must go on and on — until the finish.
that whets the appetite. Compliments,
“Come to the point, sir, please.
Yet, I know I was not the real reason for my agony. I might have always cared more about society’s opinion than Holmes has done, but I
“The trap? What trap?”
When they would leave 221b to rush to a crime scene half an hour later, Sherlock would call for a cab. John would follow him quickly.
(The Private Life of Sherlock Holmes)
Because while the rooms had never looked as empty and deserted as tonight, they never had been. Leaving home isn’t easy, and apparently, even Sherlock Holmes couldn’t do it for good.
My madman, my Sherlock.
"You are quite right, Inspector. However, may I point out a little detail?"
they will convict him?”
“Maybe, but I won't be here when they arrive. "
Watson has never been a tall man but time has shortened him further. I do not dare imagine what another world war in our lifetime does with an old soldier like John Watson. His shoulders are hunched now, and I fear that not even a hug would straighten him to his full height.
The first establishment was called
I couldn't help but smile after this little summary.
Daily, he prepares tasty dishes—spicy chicken and tarts and whatnot. The cook certainly knows a good beer when he sees one and can roast, broil, fry. His chicken stew is delicious.
"He left with the car to pick you up. What
The remark that "the magical car" is a London cab comes from BBC SHERLOCK. It was the starting point of LONDON GODS, by the way. Somehow my mind made the connection, and the plot bunny didn't want to let it go anymore.
“And how do you learn about it?” Greg’s voice was an echo of a trained copper, restricted emotion.
“Oh, John.” The mysterious man had let his voice drop, and John licked his lips. “And here I thought you were an idiot. Oh, don’t scoff, practically everyone is. Yes, John, I’m a Jinn.”
https://www.srf.ch/kultur/musik/spaetes-outing-chopin-war-schwul-und-niemand-sollte-davon-erfahren (in German, the original research and background of the investigative journalist)
WATSON: You mean—.
So Gregory Lestrade has to tell her she’s pretty again and again. On her birthday, he throws her parties and buys her new clothes. Once he even bought a gift from Molly Hooper’s shop. He never forgets to say nice things about her friends and family.
"Poison?" I sounded as confused as I felt.
Sherlock Holmes was curled up in his armchair. A cup of tea balanced on his armrest, completely uncaring of the risk of burning himself. Frowning, he smoked his strongly fragrant black tobacco, his Persian slipper at the ready. He was deep in thought.
“I can see that you would be in danger, Holmes. But how might I be?”
John walked over to one of the two armchairs, plumped up a cushion on the chair, and then dropped heavily down into it. Yes, this could be nice, he thought.
Probably sensing John’s inner state, Mycroft picked up the conversation.
“I know that we have our differences, Inspector. However, take my word that I have nothing to do with this article. I haven’t met with any journalists.”
With a smug look, Mr Arbucklehurt gestured at the door. I saw my companion’s cheekbones flush with cold, barely contained anger.
The ex-doctor looked worse than the night before. In the harsh electric light, one could estimate his age better: if he was guilty, he wouldn’t see a day in prison because of his medical condition. The long substance abuse has worn him down. Once again, Sherlock Holmes was grateful for having met John Watson.
(BILLY
Whatever has brought this on; it brightened up my mood considerably. Holmes is not the demonstrative sort, and even behind closed doors, he rarely makes an exception in broad daylight.
John Watson had called Sherlock Holmes by many names.
: as the last couple of hours
When we left Mr Arbucklehurt’s office, our nerves were badly worn.
"Apologies Lestrade, but Holmes left Baker Street forty minutes ago. I cannot tell you when he will return or where to find him. However, maybe I can be of help? The second set of eyes, inspector?"
“Grand that this thought has crossed your mind, at long last.” I did not hide my displeasure about being kept in the dark. Normally, I was more willing to play the fool for him, but as this case was linked to my past... It felt as if I was nothing more to Holmes than another mystery to solve as if my family secret was just another case as if it meant nothing more to him.
Technically, we had our sides from Baker Street. Stubbornly, we wanted to try out a new order. Or, as Holmes wanted, I was too knackered from the move. My Holmes, ever curious, lectured about directions and whatever I zoned out as best I could. I love him, but I am only human. Sometimes I wish he would shut up.
Instead of visiting Baker Street, I go to Sussex immediately. There is no hope of seeing the house once more, to count the steps up to our shared flat, to wait for Mrs Hudson’s announcement of a client I’ve already deduced by then, as the war took both her and the house before their time.
Wasn’t Holmes right? Of course, he was, as it was true as if they were roommates once again. In that little room, they felt at home. It was more a place to satisfy their sexual desire. Here, Holmes came when he needed to think about an important case on his own. Recently, I had joined him again. Most days, I had remained silent, smoking a pipe, and the only difference to the old days was that from time to time, I had a new, private tool to distract him when Holmes got too lost in his thoughts. Oh, yes, the change of doing those all so-familiar things sitting side by side, naked, in bed, was truly
“Can I help you?”
Alone, I should add, which was the most distressing element of it all.
His Sherlock was a genius, "bloody amazing," but more: John had wanted to leave the ghosts behind. A celebration dinner might be in order, and John had spotted an inn in town. At
"A doctor, you say? But why Mary-Ann?"
The detective kept a closed face.
"Don't look surprised. Anyway, the colonel asked me to kick you out as soon as you both returned from the village. He doesn't want you here anymore. Your trunks are already in the carriage."
"The sea change, with every tide a different countryside is shaped. Sure, it is a small impact, but it still exists. In Sherrington their life was changed, sure, it seemed little and never discovered by the outside, but it shaped them irrevocably. John Watson is a storyteller, he speaks in metaphors. Just like winter, as he felt that dark feeling of no hope of love and the idea that it was too late, that their lives were ending without even have the golden years. However, the sea brought love back to Sherrington Hall, and they both
I did not know where I had heard or read that quote, or if I had made it up in my head myself. As Homes reminded me far too often: I am terribly romantic, and during our stolen hours at Sherrington Hall, I was drunk on my love. I had my fill of him, and I
At the moment, all pointed at murder, and just because I could not think of an innocent explanation did not mean there was not one. I suspected that there was probably something obvious that I missed.
The lawyer smirked and bowed gallantly. “It's okay Mrs Nordon. We've been expecting you.
“In the hospital, with Doctor Watson. We do not know more yet.
“Mycroft.”
“I'm pretty sure. What happened in our absence, Watson?”
“I will continue to tend to the bees. There are beehives in the garden, aren’t there? And I intend to write a monograph on the congregation of the queen bee. Alas, no mention of my discoveries in the Himalaya, I’m afraid.”
The doorbell rang.
We ate in silence. Yet, I could not help but feel Holmes’ gaze on me repeatedly.
no interest in a repeat of the very first dinner.
Holmes pulls his finger out, watching as Watson twitches at the loss of sensation. He strokes his ass, gives them a hard slap. Watson groans, rocking his hips. Shamelessly, he spreads his legs a little more. It’s a blatant invitation.
Instead of chiding the boy or making fun of the guards, Holmes takes the drum from Watson.
The fact that the Jinn was in the City of Sodom is from AMERICAN GODS season 2. The story around The City of the Lost Towers from AMERICAN GODS. Sadly, that's all the information novel and TV series provided us yet.
"No, Mr Holmes. However, I don't want to take any chances."
The right place was London.
Any minute now, they would be stopped in a traffic jam. John was not sure how he had ended up in the London cab: accident, drugs, magic? It was not as if he could afford one. If he had not been so desperate, John would have giggled. It was not proper or sane or anything, but John had apparently left all that when he had his wish granted in the hot desert:
He put the mug on the table before taking the milk to the refrigerator, the interior of which smelled
"Landsbury is a rich man and also, he's lonely. I repeat: he only has his daughter left.
Next to the rose, I had later found the medallion. I did not need to open it to know that there would be an accompanying note to my tale. It was quite elementary.
Landsbury uttered in surprise. “Now, I can understand why you are limping."
At the time of this adventure, I lived with Sherlock Holmes on Baker Street once more. I was a widower, as my wife Mary had been dead for years. Now, her face was only a dear memory. The company of the great detective and our shared adventures let me not dwell too much on the past.
In a flash, John remembered:
have cost us our lives.”
“When I’m not drunk and not fucking angry with you, Sherlock. Because you deserve better; we both do. Also, you need a shower, love. I get that you’re impatient. God, I get it, and I won’t deny any longer that I want you, too. But this isn’t the right time.”
BILLY
What should I say? They’re good at what they do. The work gives them purpose, too. It’s his legacy, and we are honouring him by continuing to make his London a safer place.
The blacksmith is not wearing his usual clothing, practical and worn around the edges. Today, he has put on garments so white that they shine like a light. Looking suave and smart, Holmes wears the lovers’ knot on his neck. His coat shows his strength, accentuating his muscles. His legs are covered in tight pants, his long legs have never looked just
When you want to tell me about your memories of said movie or episode, or dunno, your fannish crushes, do tell :D
Dorset was pure drama.
I was about to respond, but Holmes gave me a look so sparkling that I shut up and wait. Something was amiss.
Harry Watson: clearly a family member who has given you their old phone. Not one of your parents, this is a young person’s gadget. Could be a cousin, but you are a war hero who cannot find a place to live. Unlikely you have an extended family, certainly not one you are close to, so sibling it is. Now, Clara. Who is Clara? Three kisses say it is a romantic attachment. The expense of the phone says wife, not a girlfriend. They must have given it to her recently—this model is only six months old. Marriage in trouble then—six months and it is already given away. If they had left her, they would have kept it. People do it—sentiment. But no, they wanted to be rid of it. They left her. They gave the phone to you that says they want you to stay in touch. You are looking for cheap accommodation, but you are not going to your sibling for help: that says you got problems with them. Maybe you liked the wife; maybe you don’t like the drinking.”
I reined myself in.
"That took a lot of convincing," Sherlock replied, but his heart was swelling. It might be only a drink and only one song, and only one evening - but it was a start.
Oh, how Sherlock wishes to surprise John with the message—“Happy Many Returns”—but Serbia is awaiting him.
As we turned to the car, Holmes pointed back to the moonlit sea and shook a thoughtful head.
the seasons and we departed.
Holmes smirked.
The blacksmith shakes his head, standing in front of John Watson in a cocky pose, hands on his hips; his body twists this way and that.
“As for the author of the article,” said Holmes, shrugging his shoulders, “I couldn't get hold of it. I do not despair.”
Therefore, we both hope just as my grandfather and his love hoped in 1870 for a calm ocean, just as you may imagine the sea in Dorset during winter.
Overall, I was looking forward to the holidays. It was a time for the quiet things, a moment of the sanctuary, of calmness, and as a doctor, I approved.
occurred in 1903, we had known each other for over two decades.
"I don't know, Landsbury."
John didn’t want to overwhelm Sherlock. He had intended to take things slow, but he should’ve known better: when Sherlock Holmes is your lover, you’ll have to enjoy being bossed around.
Maybe. But not now.
They had tried it with Baker Street. God knows they had tried it. For weeks, they had tried to rebuild it. Mrs Hudson had left them in the building in her will and Mycroft had offered all financial help, but it wasn't the same (or it was too much the same, but they changed?)
I narrated while Holmes listened intently. Holmes had closed his eyes, his hands in his thinking pose, only breaking his silence it few times to ask short, precise questions I could answer quickly. It was an easy flow as if we had never been parted. We only stopped when Mrs Partridge came to our table to ask for our order—Holmes surprised us both by ordering something to eat as well—and soon brought two dishes of meat pie and two pints of ale, then left us to ourselves.
"Do you think she's really to blame, Watson?"
“One might even go so far, and call it an experiment, my dear Watson,
HOLMES: Watson, stop being so ridiculous! Of course, it is a sex toy.
Long gone were the days of my military training and, later, the Afghan campaign. Local work as a general practitioner was my only professional occupation nowadays; if I had the time as it is quite common that I follow immediately Mr Sherlock Holmes when he utters the cunning, “The game is afoot!”.
I said. “But there isn’t, is there.”
Watson cries out, frustrated; he is slightly confused and so aroused.
“What’s that Holmes?”
"Good. May I see your daughter's room next?"
Oh, it was rebuilt. We could recreate it to our heart's content with Mrs Hudson's blessing thanks to her will and with Mycroft Holmes’s considerable financial help, but we were too old and far too broken. We spent all our energy in keeping each other alive, to mend what could be fixed and to accept what was irrevocably gone, and those tasks were enough for us.
“Right? Even though I slept well last night.”
"That the safe was Fort Knox. You needed the exact combination to open it, and the only person who knew it was Mr Marley himself."
John Watson screams are muffled in a pillow.
“I, Colonel Charles Edouard
“As long as we together.”
HOLMES: I have my methods. So what do we have here: An antique carved ivory ladies’ companion in scarlet lined leather upholstered carry box with inset bevelled glass panel? So far, so obvious.
I had just prepared toast and asked if Sherlock would want some when the bell rang. It was Lestrade, visibly shaking and clearly agitated. Obviously, a new case was superior to marmalade.
"I should have reacted faster, prevented the irreparable…
And it widened as he loved to show off, still did. "Caesar cypher using a left rotation of three places, equivalent to a right shift of 23. I should have seen it earlier, as it’s not the most advanced technique. Historians suspect Ceasar to have invented it, hence its name. Decoded NLOOHU IURO EHUOLQ reads
“In a way...”
Now John wants to trash it and possibly the chair in which Sherlock had sat cross-legged too. Where he just dropped
Tuesday night turned into Wednesday morning. One, two, three, four a.m. came and went. I was exhausted, but the memories of today and the past tumbled together inside my head.
“Six weeks before your grandfather’s death, my father drove to Sherrington to meet him. I suspect it was about the inheritance.”
“You say that my family secret is linked with David Jones’?”
Another strong woman is the local barber. She speaks up when the carpenter treats her maids poorly.
Wherever he is, I follow. However, how can I follow him when he left me willingly in the dark?
He turned on the spot - how rattled he was, like a deer caught in the headlight, so far away from the confident man I used to know.
: Holmes, for months I
"No, Watson. I will not."
the offer to be more... and had turned it down out of habit, and in return,
HOLMES: I will tell you when the five minutes are up.
HOLMES: Assume nothing, Watson.
“I ... I couldn't ... Adèle is so sweet, and she's just a kid.”
"Solve a murder, love. “
Only nostalgia and the cold sea nearby make my eyes sting.
"My daughter has disappeared," he exclaimed, clearly agitated.
MORIARTY
They are on fire, forging something new, fierce and strong. Love has struck them with an arrow. Cupid, you are a merciless God. It is true what they say: nothing is as powerful as love.
If it was any other man, John would call it all crazy, and yet...?
It startles him when Sherlock hears a sound.
. He replied, “You liked it? I must come again.”
It also was the garden of the merchant that Molly was taking a stroll in.
The car stopped again. The rain pattered on the roof.
“Yes, it has been on my mind. How...?”
HOLMES: Why, Billy, you surprise me, after the gentleman has taken the trouble to inform you he has not.
. Apparently, there were three snippers, and if he didn’t jump three people would die, and one of them was you, Mrs Hudson. Don’t sniffle, yes, you’re some sort of mother figure for him. One big found family, hurrah. And yes, another snipper was for you, Greg. And because you couldn’t probably solve one high profile case in a reasonable timeframe, I came into the picture. You should have listened to Mycroft,
John felt the almost-welcoming mix of wonder and rage bubbling up inside himself. Since Sherlock’s death, he hadn’t felt like that again.
"Yes, exactly. David Jones. Why should this David Jones of Sherrington in 1903 have anything to do with Sherlock Holmes and John Watson of 221b Baker Street in London in 2020?"
“I want to go further, John.” Impatient, demanding, all in.
I follow him into the cottage, adopting his slow pace. He is using a cane again, his old war wounds, as well as arthritis, making him wince with every step. I flinch when he stumbles over a crease in the living room's carpet. When I reach for him, trying to stabilize him, he brushes me off far too soon.
“Are you telling me, that this year you found the Christmas spirit?“ I asked, remaining rather dubious.
“You can rely on me, Holmes.”
It is close to midnight and behind closed doors, but it is not safe and never will be. Yet, the blacksmith senses John Watson’s further depravity: that he craves danger. That it thrills him to be dominated by him.
"Holmes! Did you fall?"
Holmes was displeased. "Pestilence is upon women and their whims," he muttered between his teeth.
The leather box is Irish. She would have got the box carved for it—there is a stamp on the lock with the name of an Irish locksmith. This was a very enlightened family, and this would have been a very loving gift from a husband to wife. You can see that because the level of detail is incredible, down to the folds of the skin. There’s a heart carved at the base, where her finger would have been, and a receptacle in which she could keep a lock of his hair.
“I assume you know who I am.”
not blame her, nor her decision to lock herself up in her room afterwards.
The young man picked up the letter and looked at it intently. Mary-Ann and Emmy examined too.
Minutes or hours later, John woke up, gasping for breath. His heart was racing, feeling adrift and shaken. It hadn’t been the recurring nightmare of Sherlock’s death however that he had wished to escape, but the all-too-vivid imaginary of Sherlock and himself in bed together.
“That’s obvious; even it shows that the mirror is still working after all these years.”
The rant about Jinn's jobs nowadays and how they resemble a cab driver; it's Jim's, aka a consulting criminal. If you spot a familiar line or two from BBC SHERLOCK or ACD, it's a fusion after all.
I was not pleased that we had to delay Mrs Hudson’s excellent supper to investigate what precaution the prison had undertaken to prevent any attempt at Holmes’ life. That bastard, when he made sure that he remained in his cell, he even had the cheek to say, “I wrote soon, not now”! That man did his uttermost to ruin our Christmas.
Anyway, the elderly woman shows up on the doorstep, a cake in her hand. It is a Victoria Sponge, and it might have even been homemade. The most alarming occurrence, however, is her smile. It doesn’t scare him per se, but it makes him uneasy. He has known her for over 15 years: Martha Hudson is not a nice person.
“Forgive me, my love, but the case isn’t over yet.”
. The ex-of-many-things looked tired, and his face was full of pain. He lowered his head, catching his figure in the mirror, broken.
“Of course it was. It was extraordinary; it was quite extraordinary.”
“A treasure, Holmes? I have heard nothing about a lost treasure during our time here. Are you sure about that? Of course, you are correct, you always are. But I would think that such an event would be gossiped about and in particular, Mrs Partridge would tell me about it?” I stopped my rambling, pondered over this curious incident a moment, and blurted out: “You mean, Holmes, the treasure was restored?”
“Mr Sherlock Holmes?
“How sad to meet in such circumstances! I have so much admiration for you, Mr Holmes.”
My Sherlock.
That evening, Sherlock and I ended up in front of the living room windows. The streetlight was illuminating the curtains from below. Sherlock was naked from the waist up. His arms were outstretched.
Properly.
In the end, Sherlock investigated on his own.
Dinner is lovely. Their conversations in the drawing-room are lively, shared stories comprising mostly good memories.
"That might be the case, Watson. However, this is simply a hypothesis now. We will see if we can inquire where she‘s hiding, if she
of his flesh.
entry and had no Google street view when we came here; it's a remote place which is why we picked it. Further, I had no ancestor with the name Jones. Far too pedestrian, Mycroft would say. Who did the blueprint again? Some common name…?"
"Because of the noise." When I took a second to catch on - a bit distracting the image my mind produced - the added nonchalant, "You know how the neighbours are, and I love a hard fuck. Steff will certainly ride my special sleigh tonight."
"Look that you don't get lost, Johnny."
be mistaken. For the first time in my life, I don’t care about accuracy. Watson and I will
The world seemed golden once more, and it seemed as if Sherlock himself sensed it. Getting ready at the entrance of 221b, rushing out to help Scotland Yard and Bea with them.
“Yes.”
To her, the young girls go for advice, as she knows all about courtship, about hardship, about love and loss.
He hisses, not as annoyed as he ought to: “Sentiment!”
for hours, but no complaints on my part. So… thank you, I guess.”
After his return, after we became more intimate than the current law would allow two men to be, I learned I am the exception for Mr Sherlock Holmes in many things; one of which is that he does not mind my meddling. It pleased him as he admitted to me in the secret of our bedchamber once, that even when he is deep in thoughts and lost to the world, he can trust in his companion to be there when he emerges again.
I had spilt some coffee already. I knew that at least Mrs Hudson was worried that I did not enjoy the well-boiled eggs as I normally do.
Just one kiss. I loved him and I wanted him to be safe, but I was still cross with him. No one kiss would be sufficient (at least, for now).
HOLMES: Such a conflagration would have saved no considerable trouble and expense. (
“John.”
, as well as your scones. One last question, if you don't mind, which type of herbal tea?
Landsbury, somewhat brooding at first, spurred into action when Holmes suddenly switched topics and turned to the army and the British Empire. I tried to figure out what Holmes was trying to achieve by this charade. This all wasn’t like him. Landsbury was agitated, hammering his ideas with vigour. Miss Parker seemed as puzzled by this situation as I was. Yet she could smile at him reassuringly and touch his arm to calm him down. I
As this is our story, this is my legacy.
(MORIARTY
): Oh! I am sorry!
HOLMES
I had to save time. I knew this kind of criminal, so imbued with himself. All I had to do was to let him think he was dominating the conversation.
(See the end of the chapter for
HOLMES: Close your mouth, Watson.
“He won’t be back for a while?”
"A revolver will also not go amiss, my loyal Watson." Holmes winked.
"Please, elaborate further, sir." Holmes urged our visitor on.
I did not understand until too late that Holmes’ few words were prophetic…
WATSON.)
Molly understands more than most of the church service, as her father has taught her Latin in his better days.
"Crucified? That’s unusual."
He was a force of nature, wanton, rutted like a beast, and I loved it.
HOLMES: I do not want to see it.
"Miss Parker would prefer her doctor, Dr Lewis."
Fuck, he wanted to come hard, fast, and
Mrs Hudson was crying silently into her handkerchief, which the DI had handed to her with a slightly apologetic expression. Molly opened her mouth every few seconds to start a sentence but stopped repeatedly. John was a medical man but he couldn’t be arsed to give a diagnosis of his mental state at the moment.
Oh, and the mistletoe... it had found a prominent place at the mantelpiece. All too innocent. It had been placed there. Oh, Mrs Hudson's meddling - even she pretends to have never seen it before! And no, Sherlock Holmes was not doing his investigation about 'The Case of the (Missing) Christmas Spirit' or such nonsense. Thank God, the research alongside Wiggins for the perfect recipes had proved some distraction. In particular, the mulled cider... the redden cheek of John Watson made it all worthwhile.
John refused to cry, instead of clinging to his drink. It burnt in his throat. Apparently, at one point, his body couldn’t cope anymore. He crashed on the sofa.
I understood the implicit implication, "and us too."
HOLMES: Quite so.
In the first place, I wish to call your attention to a few memoranda which I have jotted down — (
Surprised by the question, I did not know what to say and took a few moments to ponder about it.
loves Miss Parker. He did not appreciate my worldly ways towards his fiancée and was glad to damn me the pawn on military matters." I was about to say something drastic when Holmes continued: "But I don't know if she loves him!"
“Six senses and all that?” I asked in return, still unsure what all of this was about. My agitation morphed into alarm.
A second of hesitation. It’s evident that he is equally embarrassed and turned on. Finally, he drops to his knees and presses his lips to Holmes’ semi-erect cock.
Holmes told me about the night he had spent. I was glad to
BILLY: It is Doctor Watson, sir. You told me as I could always show
“Is that so?”
share the same fate? Behind me: the town, Sherrington, my so-called home.
“Watson?
"I had one that was all fine during daylight, but when it went dark, just like the temperature dropped, so did his cock. I swear a grown-up woman in the firelight and the young lose everything! I joke to you not: I could see him freeze alongside his member!"
“You’ve rarely done this, have you,” Sherlock Holmes says slowly. “That’s a shame. When you clearly need it so badly.”
Sherlock blinked blankly a few times, “Oh -um, yes. Come in.”
“My evidence is that your,” John points at Sherlock, even though he knows Sherlock can’t see him, “brother is a meddling arsehole.”
He felt a prick on his wrist.
A short woman with mousy brown hair and a white blouse came up to him, "Um, yes, that's me." He let out his hand to shake. She took it.
“That’s terrible!”
“Will do.” John stood up.
That's where Sherlock's memory got a bit fuzzy. It was a strange feeling for Sherlock. He heard John curse some more, but he couldn't process it. What he could process was how close John was to him. And the way their faces seemed to gravitate towards each other. Which was rather unexpected,
The man’s low voice brought him back to the situation, “Are you going you help my arm, or are you going to stand there? I don’t got all day.”
John vigorously nodded his head against the bedsheets, "Yes."
“I’m sorry?”
Less than a minute later, John handed him the chilled martini and watched the other man take the glass in his hand. The other man studied it and sniffed it, akin to a dog sniffing out a bomb. When it looked like he deemed it safe, he took a sip.
Sherlock calculated it had been approximately 2:45 AM when he was interrupted from his musings by three knocks on the door.
“No. Not in
Mycroft thought for a moment, "Alright. I can't schedule for you to meet him tomorrow evening at 7 PM at the prison,
Sherlock cleared his throat and set his mug on the floor to the side of him, “John?”
John's grin widened, "Yes you do. Wait- Rosie! Don't rip the book apart!"
“Six months, my brother estimates. He’s never wrong.”
Sherlock followed Lestrade into the building, passing security until they reached a door, "William Smith is in here. Now, no matter how angry you get, Sherlock, don't injure or murder this guy, ok?"
“Well, you were intoxicated, I admit- so you didn’t really tell me so much as you prattled on about it.”
“Locked after I let you in.”
Sherlock swallowed thickly. He would find the person who did this. And he would make that person pay. He walked out of the room, he had work to do.
“ Is everything okay now with the police? Has Sherlock sorted it all out?”
"Precisely. William Smith recently divorced from a lady named Aralc Oswald. And based on his records, after a year into their marriage -about last year- William became unemployed and he and his wife were solely dependent on the wife's income. Due to the stress of unemployment, he started drinking. He then started to use drugs a few months after that, smoking all the while. He used his wife's money to buy drugs, tobacco, and alcohol, which didn't please the wife at all when she found out. They divorced soon after that. But remember, William was unemployed. He had no money, so he turned to Blythe Evans, who promised him a substantial amount of money if William assisted in the robberies and killings Blythe committed."
When he left the surgery at the end of his shift, he left light-hearted and took a cab to Baker Street. He climbed the stairs to 221B and opened the door to find again, just like the day before, the lights were off. But candles flickered all around the room, giving off a faint, peaceful glow.
Sherlock looks down, “In saving my life, she conferred a value on it. It is a currency I do not know how to spend.”
John rushes out of the hospital and takes a cab back to Baker Street.
John Watson stood at the entrance of the building. He looked down and gave himself a once over. His suit jacket was straight, and his tie adjusted. First impressions were important, after all. Notably on the first day of a job.
"I mean," John floundered, "he's-he's a British icon!" He shook his head, "You know what, just look it up on the internet or something."
“GO. HOME,” Elise pushed him out the door and slammed the door in his face.
“No, neither can I.”
Love runs over John like a wave and he beams at Sherlock. He sets down his cider down on the table, and takes Sherlock’s left hand and kisses the red soulmate mark on Sherlock’s forefinger.
"I-I got you something too, by the way," Sherlock stammered.
Did John care? Hell no.
Sherlock rolled his eyes, "I won't commit homicide or mutilate his skeleton in any way."
Lestrade rubbed his face with his hands, “It has to do with his soulmate?”
Once again, corrections are welcome!
Sherlock’s head snaps up and he glares at John, “Do you think I actually want to do that?”
John smiles awkwardly and a bit in disbelief, “We don’t know a thing about each other, I don’t know where we’re meeting, I don’t even know your name.”
"Not a problem.”
They tripped over their words, clumsily apologizing, but John ignored them and kept running until he burst into his office; panting, sweating, and his clothes mussed.
John stands in front of Sherlock, and he takes a breath that fills his lungs to the brim.
“You’re an angel Mrs Hudson,” John remarked thankfully, grabbing a cup of tea.
She continued on, "As you can see, your first shift will be at 6 o'clock to 1 A.M," that was odd, he had been told his first shift would be at half-past five, "Ms. Morstan will assist you in the beginning if you need any help. Questions?"
“Would you mind not mentioning those parts of my name? There’s a reason why I tend to use ‘Sherlock Holmes’, and not, ‘William Sherlock Scott Holmes.’”
Sherlock studied John's eyes, finding no signs of mendaciousness, and slowly -as if in a trance- closed the space between him and John, his pulse was racing and his palms were sweaty.
John clambered off Sherlock, shivering at the newfound chill in the air and put Rosie back into his arms. Sherlock folded and picked up the discarded blanket and turned on a torch; the three of them making their way out of the kitchen and into Sherlock’s bedroom, guided by the dim light.
"I'm sorry too."
He texted back,
So, he did what any normal person would do: ignore the other man, and continue on with his plate of chips and a cup of tea.
"Yes," Molly said with a resigned tone, "yes, they really are." she let out a sigh and straightened her back, "Well, Mr. Watson, good luck today. You’re going to need it." She opened the door and let herself out.
The man had a deep American accent, and at first, it had confused John. He didn't understand why, but it felt… off.
Sherlock nodded felt a blush creeping up his cheeks at the nickname and walked quickly away to the window (The snow had indeed stopped) so to not have John notice his reddening cheeks. His efforts were futile because John, getting increasingly observant over the years, noticed.
“I’ve been hiding it under the couch since the last time I was here. I was pretty sure you wouldn't check there. Seems like you didn't.”
John smiled as the curly-haired and pale man left. What a strange man.
William nodded and took John’s hand in one firm grip.
That night, Sherlock pressed John's back into the soft mattress as he loved every inch of John. He kissed his forehead and worked his way down John's tanned throat, shoulders (making sure John's wound got extra attention), his broad chest, stomach, and finally, the inside of his thighs. He relished in the way John's breathe caught in his throat and the moan that spilled from his throat when Sherlock gave John's cock an experimental lick. Oh, how much he earned to hear that sound again.
“It's a story my brother told me when we were kids. It seeks out the unworthy and plucks them from the Earth,” Sherlock smiles humorlessly, “that was generally me.”
“Help!”
John sucked eagerly, slicking Sherlock’s long fingers with saliva. Sherlock made a sound of content and slowly entered his slick fingers into John. John arched his back in pleasure as Sherlock gently pushed his finger into John; slowly entering one more finger, scissoring and stretching John.
John wants to wince as the words fall out of his mouth. He doesn't want to do this, God he’d do anything not to but he can't forget about the bomb.
John recalled this morning when Sherlock had been smiling.
Sherlock turned to John, "Can we go?"
“I love you, John.”
Sherlock harrumphs and John smiles in triumph, “So you agree!”
They separated for air, Sherlock whispering into John’s ear,
Sherlock frowns, “I once caught a triple poisoner in High Wycombe.”
“I love you.”
John stared at Sherlock, "That wasn't your fault Sherlock. Really, it's my fault. I should've never left in the first place. It wasn't your fault, really."
“Exactly!”
"I love you." Sherlock heard himself blurt out.
Silence falls upon the both of them and John can't take it anymore. He buries his face into his hands and he lets out a wet sob. God, he can't believe what Sherlock did.
“You did?”
Sherlock slumped back in his seat, and resembled someone who had been truly defeated, “I thought you would be happy with Mary. I just- I just wanted you to be happy. That’s all I ever tried to do," he laughs but it sounds lifeless.
"I'm his flatmate!"
“And you're absolutely
avoid? Yes.
Sherlock shoved  Lestrade out of the way, "I can not find the attacker without knowing the wellbeing of John. I will work on it tomorrow, it can wait."
“Happy Christmas, Sher’rock!” Rosie runs over to Sherlock and shoves a Christmas cracker into Sherlock’s hands.
And right then, right before John fell asleep, his mind wandered to the day before. That one bad day, he decided, was most certainly worth it all in the end.
Update: So in the last chapter, I found some typos so I fixed them!
"Surprise me," the man winked, and John almost dropped -again!- the glass he had held. A blush spread across his cheeks and he turned his attention to the gin martini he had set out to make.
Lestrade continued, “Well, Elise, another GP who said she knew you, wanted to inspect him for any excess damage you might’ve conflicted, when a gun fell out of his pant leg,” Lestrade lifted up a plastic bag with a gun inside, “she and some others who had been watching immediately seized Howard Mossle out and called the Met. Luckily, my team and I were deployed and knew what the murderer looked like. Otherwise, we never could have found him or knew he was the murderer.”
(Neil Gaiman: The Case of Death and Honey)
One last look at the wall, not one back.
“What cruel game are you playing with this poor woman, Holmes?”
Who cares about what’s proper at the deathbed of one's beloved? I never cared for the views of society and church, and I assumed that Mycroft had envisioned something similar when he had set me on his path. After all, he had been not only the older but also the smarter brother. I could not save him, but Mycroft had sensed that the death of John Watson would break me. His demise, however, had been a motivator; as a man who had abhorred all emotions, my brother had indeed played a perfect game.
“The police will be here soon. You lost, Landsbury
It was a bit of a gamble, but John was a gambling man. And both of them enjoyed a good game. Maybe, after years, one could fill the old phrases with new meaning, to give them an extra layer, to acknowledge that they had been an invitation to something more all along.
“But since he didn't recognize the child?” She whispered weakly.
MORIARTY: But if you will allow me —
"I beg your pardon?" Some phrases I have copy + paste from him. My intonation was still off, as I would never reach his deep baritone. A smile appeared on his face.
century, it had been the Afghan-Anglo-War. The only differences to the 21
"And my habits. We meet from time to time, for hunting or receptions. Lovely people and old friends."
“She's not too bad.”
his country. I did not know where to look, blushing terribly, and questioning which was the worst outcome: that Holmes was affronted by the good women's implication or that he would take one look at me and deduce that I wished to do so but I was unable.
HOLMES: No. However, I have an idea that he will before long.
): Oh no! I could never so grossly overestimate your courage like that.
-normal" thing had to be Sherlock apologizing. There was no help for him - and when he looked out, the snow falling, the warmth of 221b from the fireplace, the mulled cider, surrounded by cheer and love - he came to the realisation that he wanted neither.
His normally pale face was flushed, his skin colour almost reaching the colour of his facial hair. His eyes were blazing.
The plot thickens. An ex-lover of Watson makes an appeareance. A lot of things are still not clear.
Suddenly, a terrible cry echoed in the park. A child's cry. My blood froze. Landsbury smiled.
Before I could even approach the body and observe the scene, the little maid rushed forward.
"What do you say?"
“I never wrote that. When was this published?
Therefore, Christmas came early, and with it, another installement of the "you give love a bad name"-series.
Thank God that Molly Hooper is a romantic.
Maybe there had been a puppet or a rope or a stunt double? And yet, Scarlet was right: John didn’t care about the
“No, I don’t think I am.”
“Can I make an appointment for tomorrow?”
When Sherlock stands before him with a crooked half-smile, John Watson doesn’t understand the world any longer — which is saying something considering the whole paranormal activity in Victorian London recently.
It was our natural form of domesticity, and I cherished every minute.
The good doctor looked at him more and more lost, wondering what had happened to the real Sherlock Holmes, because, even if he had without a doubt the appearance, that could not possibly be him.
At twelve-thirty, several people came out from the inner office. They talked loudly, jabbering away to each other. One of them, a middle-aged woman, glanced at John as she came out. She told the woman—Mary—behind the desk to try the juice of a lemon, also zinc, and John, Dr John Watson would recommend the same treatment first before taking medicine. Mary promised her she would and gave her several envelopes. She pocketed them, and then she and the other people went into the hall. The sound of their laughter disappeared down the stairwell.
so damn good.
Kicking the door shut, John frowned. He remembered Sherlock’s talk about experiments. However, when he discovered a human eye in a mug in the cupboard, that was the last straw.
Giving her a grateful look, I observed her pale face. Only when the governess stood up, claiming a headache. The colonel shook out of his stupor.
But I had to find something to say to those big questioning eyes. Something, but what? Unfortunately, I, Sherlock Holmes, only knew to speak the truth.
“As for Adèle, we'll have to redouble our efforts and do more research. Her body must be somewhere, buried.
In the last sentence, the father whispered in a bitter tone. Once more, he forced himself to calm.
John had believed it to be a smart idea: he had invited Mrs Hudson, Molly and Greg for the broadcast of the BBC interview. Even Scarlet could have been persuaded thanks to Mrs Hudson’s meddling and her excellent baking.
This is my last conscious thought.
“What do you think, John? A string of unsolved murders, possible hate crimes, and June on the horizon? It’s a feast for the vultures. The conference is tomorrow at 10. I expect you both to be there, on your best behaviour, unless you're right about there being another body. Then, it’ll be postponed until 2 pm.”
“Bugger me, master!”
"Mrs Nordon?
Scarlet didn’t offer her help to put things from the boxes back to their rightful places. Instead, she dropped her few belongings into Sherlock’s bedroom and declared it hers.
wait when finally something fun was going on!
“One thing, Jones, if I may: the police had certainly investigated? Where there really no clues about his fate?”
“We want you to investigate. Name your price, we will double it. You see: all the bodies were found on our premises. We are a renovation company, specialised in turning warehouses into apartments. We aim for a family-friendly environment, one cannot have a crime scene in a neighbourhood. And before you say a word: yes, Mr Holmes, we are aware of the upcoming Pride Month. So it’s even more pressing, you see. We have been one of the major sponsors of London Pride for the last few years, we like to show support for good causes. When you do your research about my company - which I assume you’ll do in the wake of this conversation - you’ll discover that we’ll switch our logo to pride colours at midnight. We have a promotional video ready in which our HR head and several LG… B… whatever they're calling themselves at the moment employees talk about why representation matters. I might be a conservative man, being older in years and brought up traditionally, but I am not demonic, Mr Holmes.”
All Sherlock has left are memories of better days, and the ever-growing fear that a new dawn will never begin; that with every day passing by, the twilight will be his forever after, and one day soon not even the stars—his North Star, his John—will guide him home.
“Where did you come by this information?”
A small smile settled on both of our faces. Yet, I would not leave him so easily off the hook. “How do we continue, Holmes? There are so many mysteries. “
“Thanks for calling me, Mr Holmes.”
Watson’s initial reaction is natural, even though we both inwardly bristle: Watson suspects me of being Sherlock Holmes' son.
"No…"
I knocked, first with normal force, then louder, and then I raised my voice and called: “Holmes, are you in there?”
"Does your daughter know how to light up her fireplace?"
The carriage that Colonel Landsbury had owned had disappeared, along with its driver, Robert. Just like Adèle Landsbury, to never be seen again.
"No one can, Mr Holmes. Adèle Landsbury is dead. She is buried somewhere in the countryside. Spring will take care of bringing her corpse to light. It has been snowing for days, so the traces of her abduction have been permanently erased."
"Holmes!"
I felt as if I could not only hear my own beating heart but those of all the people in the room. While my partner was alive, our client had turned into a pillar of salt. His eyes were widened, enlarged as if he would look into the doors of hell. A prominent vein pulsating on his forehead.
When the movers came, bringing in box after box filled with books and chemicals and children's toys, two chairs and a pram, clothes and all the modern gadgets and one stuffed teddy, the construction crew had left only a day earlier. They
"There, my dear Watson, you surprise me. You observed it all in one afternoon
I let myself fall, overcome by all these horrors. I heard Holmes walk away in the night, his footsteps cracking snow. Everything was so quiet around us except the cry of pain from the injured horse. I had to get up, but it was intolerable pain.
"Yes, sir. And I have to admit that I think he's right. But the colonel does not want to accept it."
“Exactly. Perfectly sound analysis.”
, now rewriting until
The traffic jam disappeared as if it had never happened.
John Watson was boxing up the last items in Baker Street. Sherlock - that stubborn bastard -
, Roy Robson was thrilled to assist me in my research. I also think he was happy to have a scoop to share. So I read the post I am supposed to have written, but it was nothing exceptional, it just reiterated the terms of the article followed by the order to publish it on the front page on the said day. Robson was sorry he had let himself be so mistaken. He promised to let me know if another letter from the Raven reached the editor. There she is!"
“You are not using your head, Sherlock. You are jinn and he is a mortal man.”
There's been a lot of adaptations of this play since it first premiered more than 100 years ago. One you might know: 'The Abominable Bride', the special from the BBC TV series, SHERLOCK. No, my Johnlock ficlet is NOT set in that universe; BBC SHERLOCK used - once more - an ACD adaptation.
"And you hit that poor fellow in the middle of the street? Hell, Watson, it's not good to make fun of the surrounding ladies. And you were ready to beat up as well, Landsbury. You are unreasonable at your age."
): What case?
At last, it's time to tell the true story...
“This is a two-way relationship, you know?”
The laughter didn't last long as the one who had just said so sat on his butt in the middle of the sidewalk, rubbing his jaw.
HOLMES (
"What do you mean?
even possible, she wants to teach him a lesson. Two birds, one stroke, isn
“Let’s have a sleepover like our girls, John. I bet you’ve never had a proper one.”
Far too vividly, I could recall our arrival at
I looked at Landsbury. He was lying on the ground, dead. A bullet had hit him in the chest. Thank God! The police had arrived on time.
He vows:
Sherlock had temporarily lowered his head, as to not meeting John’s eyes.
Holmes began immediately the search for clues, armed with his magnifying glass. Under Miss Parker's curious gaze, the detective paced. He got on all fours, then he examined the bed. Afterwards, he opened the window. Last, he even jumped on the ledge despite the winter and the icy wind.
"You mean Colonel Landsbury?" asked Master Cavendish awkwardly.
“Okay.”
"Right now, John," Holmes insists, "Kiss it, right now." He moves a trifle closer to him and continues to flaunt his cock a bare inch from him.
Suddenly Holmes stopped.
“I’m not saying please. Forget it, John.”
HOLMES: And then.
And with one of those tricks, that memory sometimes plays on us; younger versions of us rose clearly in my mind. They wore a singular compassionate smile.
"But Holmes. I said nothing…" I risked it.
Two men in love.
Now he led me through the garden. Apparently, we would not go through the main entrance but take the secret passage. To be frank, I was not overjoyed at the prospect as I remembered far too vividly the late events, but I followed Holmes.
“I love this view,” she said. I waited for it. One, two, three... “I’m sorry if it’s rude, but I know who you are. I can’t imagine what it’s like for you...”
The reason, he had been explained over and over again, was that the detective was bored to death, without a case to play. London's delinquency seemed to doze off during that time of the year, making it burden him was a heavy cloak of boredom.
“I concede your point,” I agreed, smiling in return. “However, what is your excuse for indulging in holiday festivities out of a sudden, Holmes? I can recall how little you were inclined in the past. I will whole heartily admit how splendid the room looks now, but I cannot stop wondering what has brought this on, old man.”
On the clifftop, John closed his eyes.
"But, sir ..." the maid began.
It’s almost like a blessing, and John Watson feels touched. Before he can stop himself, he rushes to her, pats her swiftly, awkwardly, on the shoulder. Then he dashes through the door.
“Holmes!”
WATSON
The Inspector took his head in both hands, after placing the cup near the fireplace.
All he heard now were the prayers of the locals, the ones who still believed in the Jinn. All they wished for was, “Dear God, let me live”. They all knew the abominable truth: he could not grant their wish. Jinn could not grant these
I witnessed how it hit my partner in slow motion. His first instinct was to scold them because they’re too loud — and proud. Then, Sherlock's mind fired up: at last, he made the connection. Pride month.
Sherlock can relate to Rosie - Watson - his heart is pumping as well. If John looked in his eyes, he would see them dilated. Tonight, he is an open book... if John will read him.
"You've been very helpful to me, Mr Arbucklehurt."
He's not in his right mind anymore. There are days when he doesn't remember Molly. It breaks her heart when her father calls her "Sister" as if she was a nun and not his only daughter.
HOLMES: Our regret will be mutual.
look at me and draw your conclusions.”
“Could you switch on the radio, maybe?”
“You’re a good man. Farewell, John!” One last smile, bittersweet.
As a doctor and Sherlock Holmes’ trusted companion, I knew my duties: I joined the house staff in the search of Colonel Landsbury. It didn’t take me long to discover a letter in his office. The quickly written words were almost unreadable.
and no, you can’t make people fall in love with you. You can’t kill someone either. And, no, I can’t bring someone back from death either. If you have regrets, tell them you loved them and acted accordingly while they were still alive.”
Echoes of pep-talk flash through his mind: Don’t let your head fall or tighten your shoulders. Smile but never grin like a fool. Short answers, precise but never impolite. Always nod whenever the jury asks you something at last, as it is all a game to the Holmes' family. Make them proud, and maybe they'll scold you less.
It was a heavy heart when I left my John in this uncomfortable, even possibly fatal, situation, but I saw no other solution. "They" were going to come back to see the success of their plan. Maybe "they" were already there to spy on us. We shouldn't waste time, so I left.
The greatest gift of all
When I woke up an indefinite time later, I
Surely, “I believe in you” had to have a deeper meaning.
We snort and end up giggling like schoolboys, even though we are slightly older. I estimated my new age at around 28, but I
She pondered the question for a second. Her eyes turned soft. “Many have been here all of their lives, for generations. Some of them have never travelled fifty miles outside town. Then there are the incomers. Elderly people who left the cities for retirement because they enjoy the quiet and the sea. We get tourists for six weeks in the summer, but we’re a working town mainly.”
Sherlock had surprised him by calmly explaining "Watson" the phenomena. His best friend (?), Sherlock, had repeatedly proved his patience with her. Not once, he had called her an idiot, not even when she had disturbed his experiment. He had almost rushed out to clear up space and was close to apologizing to John and her. Apparently, he had been deep in thought, absorbed in an experiment involving - once more - thumbs. John had shaken his head when the thought had crossed his mind that the "
The final chapter is called "The Pianist" and is - technically - written, however, the sad loss of Una Stubbs, our landlady (not housekeeper!) requires to add one scene and I want it to be as perfect as she was for our Two Baker Street Boys <3
my illness that had weakened me. That it was the long walk up here. Surely he would understand. It was rather embarrassing. I
“We can’t be sure. I suspect the police work on the theory that this is the last place he would show up.”
too young to join the war. I knew that he would have gone otherwise. Daniel Jones might be a new generation, but someone who has a grandfather who ran away with a Watson at the dead of the night wants to be a hero.
Sherlock Holmes was terribly human, and he would be John Watson’s man from now on.
"You terrify me, Holmes."
“Watson, do you believe in intuition?” (From the man who is all about rationality!)
I brought Holmes to the sea.
"You're right, Jane. I’m just a fool to get on my nerves like this. Forgive me Mr Holmes, but military matters still fascinate me too much."
"I have nothing to say on this subject."
Lestrade gulped down the rest of his brandy as if an afterthought, he added, "And there was no sign of a forced entry, no broken window, nothing. As if no one had been there, and yet, the money is gone."
His last assignment had been to Afghanistan. Here, the locals and the outsiders—whatever nation they called themselves at the moment–had been fighting on-off for more than a century. In the 18
. Sherlock is confident that Mrs Hudson - Nanny - is going to read a bedtime story until Nanny is asleep. Rosie had certainly too much sugar tonight to rest easily.
"Excuse me?" Holmes asked with unmistakable astonishment.
There’s not one day when I don’t think of
"Good evening, sir. How can we help you?"
That he can call John by his name, and then count the ticking seconds until he hears his answer. Oh, the thrill! And how much Sherlock can't deduce in John's voice; it's brilliant. John is never boring.
“What was he hoping for?”
"I'm almost two months pregnant."
slowly falling on England again.
many years together, and that is all that counts.
John had felt doubt. Once, he had trusted his optimism that the universe would sort it out somehow. That was why meeting Sherlock Holmes was the best thing that had ever happened to him. Before, he had been alone. He owed him so much.
it was the epoch of belief, it was the epoch of incredulity,
“Coward! I'm going to go kill this kid myself. It won't be any more difficult than slitting a rabbit's throat for dinner.
been delighted. Whenever her fathers wanted to stop, to postpone it until the next day, she intervened. "Please," and as it was the magical word, rarely used in the household even in 2020, they complied.
WATSON (
"I ask you to reconsider the question, Mr Arbucklehurt."
He got better with the years, and I wished he didn’t.
(MORIARTY
Now it should be time to go home. To go with Rosie back to their house in the suburbs, and pretend that 221b Baker Street was not their home.
“Like this?”
The other rascals didn’t know how to react, yet they were mean but not stupid. They dragged their friend from the street and together they hurried away. Only when they were just vanishing around the corner, they were picking up their voices again.
John Watson is no nobleman but an ex-soldier who works as the head of the guards in his hometown. Sherlock Holmes, the local blacksmith of Doyle and a bastard, is his secret. It’s true love but forbidden. Some might even say, unnatural.
to know what happened with this eyeball?” he called out.
Stage two is rushing to him, not caring how he looks.
“I’m…”
"What do you mean?"
“And he would have killed the daughter of his beloved master to achieve his ends. Your theory does not hold water, Holmes!”
added: one partner. When I had decorated the house together with Mary, I had found it pleasant. Now, I realized that it
"Don’t theorize before you’ve got all the data." I finished the rest of the bread roll and still felt peckish.
): Well (
What role had I in this mystery?
? It’s not proper, it cannot be done, a voice like Mycroft quips, or is it, Anderson, with his dull remarks?
"How's that possible? There are rules, Sherlock. Of course, the two wars happened and in over a hundred years documents can be lost, but why does the old blueprint from the turn of the century exist but the addition is not registered? Rooms can not simply vanish…"
And Stanley, tired of this insolence, gave the signal to leave. I was not sorry to leave Colonel Landsbury's house where there was only an old cook and a little orphan with the police.
John nodded.
The cottage is picturesque: white bricks and a thatched roof. The wooden shutters are shaking quietly in the wind. It is weather-faced, just like its inhabitants. I had bought the cottage at the beginning of the 20th century as a retirement place and added Watson to the deed.
"Understand," murmured the colonel. "She's my daughter, my whole life. I am ready to give all I have. Why don't they ask for money?"
Together we drove back to our new shared house in Sussex.
(HOLMES
"To help him mourn? Solving the case so that he will accept the unacceptable?"
Sherlock nods emphatically. It shouldn’t irritate Watson so much.
“Is it the case of the food poisoning, Holmes?”
"You’re right, Sherlock. But how do you know…? The forensic team had their suspicions and the medics on the scene."
And I wished I could tell you about their secret wedding and the even more secret celebration afterwards. If you could see their joy on their faces…
"Of course Holmes, another case for my Cox and Co. bank trunk."
Returning inside, he spots himself in the mirror in the entrance hall and congratulates himself on the final transformation: John H. Watson, doctor, gentleman, father.
I went up to Holmes to force him to look at her. She was smiling at the photographer, ribbons in her hair.
“Oh, John,” Sherlock Holmes sighs softly. He rocks his fingers inside Watson, curling it and shifting it, letting him feel the pressure from the inside. “If I had known that you needed to be buggered this badly, I would have done it far more often...”
"All hypotheses must be studied. Even your angels can be true."
John couldn’t think as his head fell back against the mattress.
HOLMES: Oh! Ha! — Here! (
With these last words, Holmes fell silent and surveyed the surroundings. Despite ourselves, we had returned near the vault. The voices of the police reached us. They are now searching inside the house. Some even had to dig somewhere. Holmes examined the tall elm tree on which Landsbury had hung in desperation. The detective then looked at the land and the surroundings. Finally, he entered the lightless vault. Did Holmes have eyes piercing enough to penetrate the darkness of the torchless tomb?
Meanwhile, Sherlock did some googling. Apparently, the reenactment group wasn’t really into this “secret society so we need to be secretive” but opted for open-and-easy access. Some dropped phrases, and he got an invitation link to an informal online meeting.
The suit is his shield of armour. His cufflinks are a graduation gift from Mummy. The only extravagance is the purple shirt. If Mycroft doesn't approve, he will have to physically drag his baby brother from the stage, for it reminds Sherlock of John.
.) It was foolish of me. It won't happen again, Watson. I promise you. (
Indeed, the colonel’s eyes seemed dead. His face was extremely pale and his cheeks were hollow. His sorrow was clear not only for a doctor. Holmes, sensing something, shut the door to the living room. Instantly, a damn broke. He expressed violent sobs. I was stricken by this display of grief.
Gillette took great liberties with the character, such as giving Holmes a love interest. While Conan Doyle was initially uncomfortable with these additions, the success of the play softened his views; he said, "I was charmed both with the play, the acting, and the pecuniary result." Doyle later recounted how he had received a cable from Gillette inquiring, "May I marry Holmes?", to which Conan Doyle replied, "You may marry him, murder him, or do anything you like to him." The love interest was modelled on Irene Adler's role in "A Scandal in Bohemia", with Gillette reinventing the character and renaming her "Alice Faulkner".
Watson took off his heavy coat and scarf, which he had worn to counteract the harsh outside temperatures, and placed them on a coat rack, next to those of the other, adding his ever-present hat.
He wasn’t real. None of this was.
The driver sighed. “Not much. This morning I drove a man to Heathrow. When we got there, he ran off into the airport, and I could not find him again. A decent fare is gone, and I had to pay the tolls on the way back myself.”
Being sick is horrible enough;
"So, Miss Parker is going to inherit everything..."
These days, Sherlock plays for him.
I sat on the pavement.
When Landsbury reappeared, he was as cold and determined as before. He sat down across from me.
For a minute, we remained silent. Holmes was feeling uneasy because of his emotional outburst while I secretly cherished such moments.
They had worked too hard to stay alive; therefore, a house facing the golden cap it was to be. Amber cliffs and the bluest of blue water, and a police station that looked as if it had won a design award. It irritated Greg just
Sherlock Holmes makes a low, hungry sound in the back of his throat, and presses all the way into the hilt. Then he takes him.
All that remains is the knowledge that when John looks at the sky at night that they see the same stars.
If Tobias Organ had hired some impersonator to look and sound so like me that even Nicolas Cartridge, who had known me for years could be convinced, then Holmes might although be deceived and then what power they would have in their hands.
It is the morning after the all-changing sex, aka the beginning of the rest of their lives. However, how long will it last when one is a supernatural being and the other is a mortal man? Will the star-crossed lovers' wish be granted...?
John had just picked up the newspaper and skipped the headlines for an article to read when Sherlock interrupted him.
“Lord! How would you have done if you had to admit it to him?”
Sherlock consumed him. John was his.
Sherlock scissored his fingers, and John surprised himself with a moan.
HOLMES: Who brought that message from Forman?
“I am aware of the existence of your sister, as well as her intelligence.”
WATSON): Watson — you trusted me! You— clung to me! There were four to one against me! They said, “Come here,” I said, “Stay close to me,” and you did! You clung to me — I could feel your heart beating against mine — and I was playing a game! — (
“Holmes, where are you going?”
"W-what happens?" Holmes finally asked, confused.
“It was the article that brought him.”
“All I have said is that I wish you go...” and he even raised his voice!
A curl of his finger.
Sherlock’s eyes were incredibly soft when he replied, “I love you too.”
“A good man and a great one”, do you agree, Mr Anderson? And do you believe that Dr Watson as a new consultant for the NSY can be a needed help?
, it made me tremble. Yet, I did not fall because he anchored me. My haven, my Holmes.
"What's going on, Jane?"
“You were not even supposed to know about it, my dear. And had you not a visit from Cartridge, you have never seen the article. It was unfortunate that he came when he did.”
"Miss Parker is pregnant! She will get married soon and certainly with the master of the house himself."
“Well, I suppose unfortunately as a friend, John. I say unfortunately because this is clearly a damn good story. But if you wished to talk off the record, so be it.”
t it a bit late for a social call? Should you not be home by now…"
Yes, and he regrets it deeply. Just like the man at your door.
“Indeed.”
"I would like to meet her, please."
When I finally dragged myself to bed, too early but too physically exhausted to care, my last thought
“Can you read my mind?”
so alive.
On the mouth.
Seriously, what was wrong with his man? Except the obvious—that he was a jinn, and apparently not the commonest sort.
, it was agreed that Mrs Nordon, Holmes and I, accompanied by Mr Cavendish, should leave without delay for Crevecoeur Hall. Holmes urged everyone on, clearly impatient. However, Mrs Nordon insisted she needed to pick up her trunks before.
You do. Sheldon Reynolds did another Sherlock Holmes US TV series (aka Howard!Holmes) in 1954 and Geoffrey Whitehead voiced Moriarty in the 1990s BBC production 'The Newly Discovered Casebook of Sherlock Holmes'.
The episode 'The Case of the Christmas Pudding' makes BBC SHERLOCK's 'The Abominable Bride' look straight in comparison. I haven't altered the dialogue... not my fault that it sounds queer as f*ck. As nixxie (?) in the Sunday Watchalong once famously said: Reynolds made another series because he couldn't get enough of his Victorian husbands.
“Are there many of you in London?”
It took Holmes but a short time to find a side entrance to the stalls: a wooden door that had seen better days. With little force, it yielded to our desire.
Oh, and yes, Sherlock has to seek refuge in 221c, aka John’s flat, because Greg and Mycroft are shagging 221b.
"There's an east wind coming, Watson."
. I will brief him and we will prepare your defence together. There are courts in England where the word of Mr Sherlock Holmes is still valuable. You cannot lose.
like the sea, calm on the surface, as if in winter's sleep, but below, a whole new universe.
The young maid, Mary-Ann, came in, her eyes sad and compassionate. "Would you like a cup of tea, sir? You haven't eaten yet and ..."
After the discussion with Mr
I recalled
“I let my men arrest Mary-Ann before she fled. I came to save you. We knew you came by yourself to throw yourself into the mouth of the wolf.”
The next morning, 222 days since Sherlock’s death.
, and in another way, no.”
" Rosie asked.
been nothing compared to the complacency and the intense pleasure I
“Okay?”
“Watson told you all this?”
The next morning, I found Holmes in the same position, looking more sullen than ever. I couldn't get anything out of him except for a few indistinct growls. While my companion was getting ready for our trip to Norwich, I ate breakfast alone. I took my doctor’s bag with me. There might only be a slim chance, but I had not given up hope yet. Therefore, I wanted to be prepared for all eventualities.
The coachman was a talkative man.
While I knew all too well that following Holmes on another adventure would be far from action-free, I would never let him go on his own. Further, to see something else than our rooms, after being bedridden for weeks, was tempting. I was a country boy, and even as I apparently suppressed parts of my past, some clear air seemed exactly what the doctor would order.
The door shut with a bang.
Mrs Nordon had said that in a firm voice. Was she regaining her confidence?
what to say in response, so I remained silent.
"The coachman?"
“You made a fatal error, Mary-Ann. Robert, who had been in the service of Colonel Landsbury for so many years, would have never abducted his daughter. A young maid and a penniless nephew, however... You were the only one who knew about Mrs Nordon's past. You had accessed the drawer, as well as to steal the key and make a duplicate. Who could buy the morphine to drug Adèle except you? The pharmacist in Norwich remembers you.
"Indeed, my dear Watson. We’ll have to do more research. As you said, it could just be local gossip. But now you understand why I had to talk to you as soon as possible. We are going to have to watch Miss Parker's actions carefully. She might be the only person who could know where Adèle is being held prisoner if she is still alive, of course."
I was noticeably less proud of myself by now.
Holmes obliges. Slowly enough, he presses into him. He feels the head of his cock pop inside and Watson confirms it by crying out.
"Miss Parker, being sick is not stupid," I said, smiling.
At the front door of Crevecoeur Hall, we met our client. His eyes were fixed on the horizon. As we passed him, an impersonal voice echoed.
—love conquers all.
“As I say, Watson, Organ is ruthless. To get at any enemy, his favourite trick is to abduct someone close to his adversary. Often with, I am afraid, horrific consequences. You know too much now and since I am not prepared to put at risk in that way, I fear you must sit it out in these apartments. You must not answer the door, you must stay away from the window, you must not allow any visitors and you must live the life of a prisoner, until such time that this matter is settled.”
not…”
I was sure he was not accustomed to handling anything, and as a doctor, I should have been more concerned about his frankly alarming pulse. Alas, I was hungry, which made me grumpy.
"I did, Mr Holmes, for weeks I searched for her. I even travelled to her Aunt Lydia, who lives at the seaside because I believed she could hide them. Of course, I
(See the end of the chapter for
It’s not Chopin, you say? It’s inspired by him, and he who never played one etude the same in his lifetime – Sherlock isn’t convinced that he’s failing Chopin.
“Isn't it? And the best part is that we have a precise description of our man. He was wearing a long coat and a checkered hunting cap, he was smoking a long pipe… Does this description remind you of anyone, my dear Watson?”
I could hardly contain myself. What an odd coincidence... Before I could inquire further, Lestrade continued his report, clearly misinterpreting my exclamation.
“I don’t know, John. I wished I
There was one of his rare smile on his face, beautiful, tender, and melancholic. Oh, how I love him. His voice was so soft, so intimate.
when he and Mycroft came to visit.
"Oh?" John Watson frowns. "What do they normally say?"
“But Holmes!”
"A governess? What a funny idea! Do you have any proof for your claim, Holmes?"
The next sentence, however.
, then he welcomed it with wide arms. If it was Sherlock who brought him back to London, then John would hug him too.
Holmes did not comment on it. The death of a human being had never cheered him up, even when it was a vile and Machiavellian being like this woman.
"That was... amazing." John Watson’s eyes are blue.
John looked around, having no real interest in doing so last night, far too occupied with his lover.
“As if I would let anything happen to you, my dear,” he whispered, at once reading my mind. “As you wrote in one of your stories yourself, I could have been a master criminal, but I solved crimes instead. That does not mean that I don’t know how to not get caught.” He caged me in, and I did not feel
HOLMES: Can you?
While Sherlock was doing some experiments, John had written up medical and criminal reports. It was a routine
I followed my companion inside. We entered a room in which two policemen were looking over the young governess. The latter came rushing to us when she spotted us. She wrung her hands in despair.
The handwriting is unknown to him, but he will have a suspicion. After all, Gregory Lestrade is the smartest of the Yard.
Once more, our client lacked all etiquette. I was rightfully pissed because Mr X had interrupted a rather spectacular snogging session. Instead of a possible mutual hand- or even blow job, he appeared out of the blue around noon.
"It’s impossible for me to tell you the contents of Colonel Landsbury’s last will. It was he who specifically asked me not to. Speak to him."
And then there is her other man. It might be more dreaming but she senses his gaze on her more often. Last month he bought a gift for his wife. It was awkward as he didn't seem to know what would please her. He got cross when she suggested things that women similar to her enjoy. He is a good man regardless, Molly Hooper is sure.
Therefore, I proceeded down to the basement to ask Holmes what arrangements had been made for lunch.
Then he disappeared into the dead of night.
I did not know what else to say to her, so I remained quiet. At one point, the mysterious woman got up and disappeared. Her last words hound me back to the inn. “I read your stories, Dr Watson. You are a moral compass; you will find a way home.” I spent some time questioning if my compass was not, in actuality, broken beyond repair.
“It wasn’t all bad.”
“Says the man with the respiration rate of a steamer. Should I call a doctor?”
“But the police will be there already, surely.”
Was his life challenging? Yes, it was.
“If you say so…" After a pause, Bea adds, “father.”
And yes, wildishmazz was kind enough to beta read everything, so all my non-native rambling is out as well as my lack of in-depth knowledge about obscure British-ness.
“Sherlock Holmes! Blimey! You’re a lucky man! That man is a genius! My missus is a big fan. She’s pestering to name our firstborn Sherlock. Can you imagine?”
"They seemed to burn a document in the fireplace. A thick document. Like a book..."
Cut it, Mycroft. Spill.
"Maybe,
Hesitantly, John reached through the hole in the Plexiglas and he touched the driver on the shoulder. The man’s head jerked up with a start, and he put his foot down on the gas, lurching them across the intersection.
"Did you search for your daughter?"
Day in, day out, he showed many blank faces
to see you.”
“History will forget your name.”
HOLMES
WATSON: And then —?
“Excellent work, Mr Holmes! I read your text and rushed over. While I wanted to express my thanks in person, I am also curious about the identity of the culprit. You’ve been silent about this. But I read enough of Dr Watson’s reports to know that you love a big scene, so do your worst, Mr Holmes.”
"I don't need a doctor, I need Mr Holmes," she yelled in a shrill voice.
“I… I don't know… Certainly.”
One last glance, then he closed the door to the new guest room. Both men have offered John’s old bedroom to Scarlet, but they knew all too well that 9 out of 10 times she would prefer to crash on the couch. However, Sherlock would love to transform it into an archive for their cases. And who
Maybe, Sherlock muses while he searches in his mind palace for the final piece, I finally found him.
In an instant, all was clear.
“John!”
“Taking the notes left with the bodies into consideration, I conclude that searching through his phone and internet records wouldn't turn up anything. Frankly, I don’t even know if Dr Neil has the finances to pay a bill. It’s actually quite smart, going the old-fashioned way: a killing method from the ancient days, etc.”
“It doesn’t matter.”
"Your point being, Watson?"
"You know, you always surprise me."
was not suddenly afraid of heights, but after the events of Moriarty and Mary, he had grown more observant and concerned for the good doctor’s feelings. Love was a great motivator, one that kept them alive and together in the end.
): How are you, Holmes?
the worst things about each other. Mrs Hudson is a great landlady, as well as a housekeeper... even if she will deny the latter. Do not interfere; just accept the food she brings. All the better for us, as I abhor shopping. Otherwise, you’ll have to do it.
"I'm sure, Holmes. You don't know women well enough, my dear."
Hoping against hope that the conversation is over now, Watson picks up his tea. It proves to be the wrong decision as Sherlock continues: “And I have to agree: it’s a beautiful day, John. What do you think about a trip to a museum?” Too stunned to answer, Sherlock adds, “Or a concert in the evening? You know that I’m partial to classical. There is going to be a rumoured maestro of the violin to perform tonight in the Royal Albert Hall.”
John reached out to wake the man, hoping that he was doing the right thing. It was the second time that John touched the stranger. Not that he was counting.
New Year's Eve... what A Year. I'm not going to blabber and simply say, "Thank You for following me and my little story. It was definitely one of the few bright spots."
“But you don’t grant wishes.”
“You should call for a doctor, sir.
It's a universally known fact that neither Sherlock Holmes nor John Watson can cook. To turn it into a real challenge, they performed it in sync. In theory, it sounded reasonable: after all, they vowed to not see each other, and cooking blindfolded is borderline stupid. Sherlock might have tried it out, but John is doctor enough to put a foot down.
on a fateful day in St Barts, has become the centre of my world. Oh, it is not only his words that have a cunning effect on me…
"It's from the chippy down the street. I got an extra portion because I composed their wedding song," Sherlock acts nonchalant. As a pianist, he has excellent hearing and therefore could deduce John Watson's return to their wall.
my companion felt the same. We continued to put up the decorations, and I discovered it was rather pleasant to carry out that activity with Holmes at my side. Holmes and I had always been close friends for years, lovers for some time, and yet, I
We left Crevecoeur Hall and
I was still fuming with anger when we were back home, hating it when Sherlock kept me in the dark. Greg echoed this when Sherlock informed him by a quick video call.
And that was where it all finally fell apart.
back in the old century, Watson had never cared. One minute into our private rooms and the world—including his wife—had been forgotten. I—who remembered our first time—knew that not even a kiss was offered and all his senses were lost when he got me under him. In all the years, we never made love. Now, we are too old—his wounds not only aching in winter and I got my scars inside and outside too—to alter it.
John had lost all feelings of time and space. Was this a normal occurrence? John’s concept of normal was under constant question, too, but he surprised himself by admitting that he did not need it. Now, when thinking about
"But he wants to fight the guy!"
Cases that I never took the trouble to write into proper reports.
"Maybe someone could make a duplicate."
WATSON (
Might as well end it. "
“An interested party, one that shares your interest, is — let’s say — rather unusual methods of killing. In particular, your vast knowledge about toxicology.”
“Oh, and yes, the money to start a new life came actually from the inheritance. What a clever trick! The money was there, but the heir had vanished. Yet, the heir—you—were alive as well as dead. In all the mess, you vanishing and the good friend, the treasure lost and recovered, and do not forget your brother’s involvement in it, everyone thought it better to let sleeping dogs die. And it worked until you remembered and I promised to investigate. The other son, David Jones, would have never had a chance, but a John Watson with the help of Sherlock Holmes would. One could solve with deduction. Therefore, I did.”
"I'll take the case, Mr Marley. We'll be in touch, sir. Good day, sir."
"You are going to have to free this hapless Mrs Nordon. She is only guilty of hiding her true identity.
"Jane lied when she said she loved me. What about this child? Who knows if that's not a lie too? Is it my child?"
Landsbury raised his pale face to Holmes. "You are right. You're going to find her, aren't you?
"It‘s a strong possibility, Watson. The father threw her out. She has no money, and
"I say what if you don't like it, look elsewhere."
Unknown to her, the locals have an alternative reading: Appearances are deceiving.
“Is it not obvious, Watson?”
“The good Mary-Ann is near the vault.”
): Where is Mrs Hudson?
“Watson!” I jumped up. My eyes needed a second to get used to the darkness. Apparently, he had discovered a stone that looked promising to him. “Help me. There is a good fellow. We need to get this out of the way,” he instructed me.
MORIARTY
Landsbury was in an even darker mood than usual. The house seemed dead. Inspector Stanley had tolerated my presence for now. So Landsbury and I were sitting in the chairs in the living room, in front of the slowly dying out fire, in silence. Just before I could ask Landsbury if we could switch places, he asked with an unnaturally thin voice.
The first stop for us would be St Bart's, as the crime scene had already been cleared. Sherlock was uneasy there, for obvious reasons. Greg said that there was no other way, despite the sight is so troubling.
ring any bells?”
I trundled to the kitchen. I found some bread and cheese, which I took upstairs.
"Did she confess?"
I needed Holmes to solve this mystery, and the other, and maybe the third as well (even though I was not sure I wanted to reveal it, the outcome might shatter me far more than any family secret could ever do, as Holmes was my family).
"Yes, Dr Watson, of course. You are right. However, Miss Parker, as you must have
“I hope you have made a lot of money.”
“Holmes! You are there!”
There was a rumble of distant thunder. It was early afternoon, and the heavy storm clouds turned the sky the colours of old lead. It would rain soon, heavily, blindingly.
John Watson doesn’t faint, but it is a close call.
I might have fallen into a rabbit hole of YT vids featuring women wearing (no) corsets during Victorian Times.
As they made love, John had kissed down Sherlock’s spine. There, he could not overlook the scars on his lovers’ back. As a doctor, he
She has followed the concert via radio, “Been different today.”
“No, thank you, Mr Holmes.”
“First, my dear Watson, I must find out who used my name to leak those pieces of information to
Sherlock Holmes had solved the mystery, but at what cost?
I wanted to catch the killer, and I was blinded by it — it’s not an only queer experience, either, to be almost constantly on your guard. But as part of the community, those killings were closer to home than normal.
I wanted to say something against the outrageous theory I thought of Holmes, but he gave me a penetrating look that silenced me.
Was he not one iota better when he hired her under false pretences? Willingly send them into danger? Unsupervised, unprepared. Definitely.
That little unfair remark against my news made me raise a disapproving eyebrow, which Holmes ignored.
And again Watson ought to resist, as it is his duty, but it is also his love, so he lets it happen.
(BILLY
And in unison, they say: “What a guy, and what a tale!”
I stepped closer to the laptop. My dominant hand landed on Sherlock's shoulder by instinct. “The press caught wind of it, Greg?”
“I don’t wish to appear rude, but what was your name again?”
) — it is too bad.  Now that this is all over, I suppose you imagine that your room will no longer be required. Let me assure — let me assure you (
That's it. Bryan Fuller and Michael Green expanded it a bit (and they made them reshoot it because Fuller, as a gay man, was like: "This doesn't work..."), but yes, the majority? All mine. Sorry, not sorry, that my sex scene is probably longer than all storyline of Salim and the Jinn combined. #love is love #representation matters #fandom is my escape room
"I beg,... "
John was hungry, increasingly so, and frustrated, and powerless.
Sherlock Holmes knows that John Watson watches him. It’s their new routine: like clockwork, the head of the guards brings the swords to the smithy. He comes alone and leaves alone, but in-between, during those stolen minutes, it’s only the two of them.
As we were about to leave his office, the little lawyer had perhaps a gasp of remorse. He called Holmes back. "I cannot help you, Mr Holmes. I want to, but my ethics forbid me. Please, understand me?"
What else should I do but follow him? If a man has not even so much as his own memories, how could he have his own agenda? Yes, I was in a rather dark place during those days in Sherrington. I could put it down to a lingering effect of the severe illness that I had battled, but I was a medical man enough to know that it ran far deeper. Yet, I was too close to see it rationally.
“There was a question, John?” The bastard acts all innocent, rails him up on purpose, and oh, how he hasn’t missed this one iota.
"Locals, all decent people. For me, the case is clear. It can only be the governess. The culprit cannot be from around here. So, Miss Parker needs to be sent to the gallows. Quite an easy case, if you ask me.
All eight guards, ordered by height, all dressed up under the scorching hot sun on a deserted street.
surrounded the lost city flapped and billowed through his mind.
It was a ride as if all the demons of hell were after them and all the angels of heaven cheered them on.
"Exactly, Watson. It wasn’t easy. I had to use my imagination. Even my cooing around Miss Parker failed to make him flinch. I may be a little too old for this kind of play, John."
"Adèle disappeared on Saturday. Now it is Friday," he repeated. "Her father did not receive the first letter until yesterday morning, so it is too late to find a nine-year-old girl lost in the wild. I don't see how I could help him. I prefer not to start an investigation with full certainty of the outcome."
If Doyle should fall, his guardsmen would have the mercy of death. He would carry the shame of it for the rest of his life. Because he has seen enough battle, blood, and loss for one lifetime, his guardsmen know his words ring true.
It is what it is? Scratch that, no, fuck that. It doesn’t need to be like that.
"How is she?"
“I believe that you have been preoccupied with the Case of Tobias Organ, Watson.”
All I know was that one day we were homeless, as a bomb had destroyed 221b and major parts of Baker Street, and the next we were packing for Dorset. Perhaps one day the true story will be told, but certainly not by me.
The title "If Baker Street Could Talk" makes an appearance, also the demons of John Watson. Every story has a Reichenbach, as well as almost every fairytale has a good-old-fashioned villain. Sadly, so far the two men picture themselves not exactly as princes. But who knows... maybe a true loves kiss will fix it all in the end?
Two miles down the coast, a man stared at the dissolving blue horizon. He was wearing a woollen jumper of cashmere as old habits die slowly, but for a man like him, it was as if he were wearing jogging pants. The colour was a deep green, it had been a present. The jeans clung to his hips as if they were a second skin. Hiking boots were a new addition, but a scarf and in particular the prominent Belstaff completed the altered but no less stylish look.
“John…
"Slim," Holmes addressed him, "this is John, my new doc." Grinning widely, the barman, a hulk of a man, shook hands with us. Holmes ordered a beer.
And yet… my heart belonged to him.
"I am on fire"; it's the quote from Tolkien's, 'THE HOBBIT', aka Smaug's famous line which was performed magnificently by Benedict Cumberbatch.
My reply was cherished by him since day one, too: “Brilliant!”
"Not at all, sir. Normally, I would come and wake him, bringing tea and the ironed newspaper for him. This is highly unusual, Doctor. I don’t know what to do!
A recruit joins the guardsmen. He is an open, honest boy who reminds John Watson of himself a lifetime ago. As the head of the guards, it is Watson’s duty to train them properly. They have to follow protocol. In the future, they will announce the mayor, the archbishop or even the king. Yet the youngest is struggling. The rhythms of the drums are out of tune. It ought to have been, “left, left, right, right, left.” The result is not even close.
“… yes, because it cannot be a pleasant experience for you…”
Before Watson can react, Bea grabs her sister by her hand and drags Jessie out of the room. The two men can hear loud giggling from the hall. Soon footsteps are leaving in the directions of Bea’s room upstairs. A door is opened and shut with a little more force than necessary.
“Holmes, I don’t know what’s got into you today, but I demand that you let me go.” A beat later, I added, less heated but still sharp, “We’ll meet at the door in ten minutes.” On my way out, a softly uttered, “Calm yourself, man,” slipped out, even though I was not sure of whom I was referring to, my flatmate or to myself at that moment.
It terrified me no more. I had long made my peace with my desires. The harsh tone of my father, my brother, probably all of my family, were only echoes from the past, dulled and mostly forgotten.
Mrs Hudson wished us a good night, “have fun, boys!” and when we were just opening the doors, “Oh, to be young again and go to costume parties. I remember in my twenties, I had this one particular dress, which - well, to call it provocative wouldn't do it justice. But historically whenever Ann Bonny and Mary Read were about to kill a man-”
He isn’t laughing hysterically, probably.
When all the women have left the Criterion, just before she turns to her own sleeping quarters, she spots the flickering light of a candle in the smithy opposite the tavern.
When I just admired Holmes' dedication to putting on some ornaments and bells on the door to our living room, I had to disturb our bubble of happiness by handing him a telegram that simply read: ‘soon’. Immediately, we knew it could only refer to Norton.
Holmes made a face. Slowly, he took off his soaked shoes. His left ankle was slightly swollen.
“My flat,” the stranger simultaneously.
By then, Sherlock would realise that his wish, just like John’s miracle, had been granted. However, why state the obvious? No, that revelation
“This girl, let’s call her Scarlet, should we?” Pointing at her with his umbrella, not really waiting for her or John’s reaction, Mycroft continued. “Scarlet is — one might say — the last wish of my late brother. And as we all know how much you cared for him, I believe it to be no hardship to take her in. I will cover all expenses, of course.”
Holmes smirked.
Holmes had surprised me by purchasing a
I begin by chronicling an adventure that I may have dismissed for several reasons, not because it lacked baffling and intriguing elements, on the contrary, but mostly I think because it was for me, personally, such a dizzying and distressing experience.
I don’t have it in my heart to reply, “This is not the peace I wanted to bring to you,” because what I want was never on the table.
Mrs Hudson's worried face appeared in the doorway. Our raised voices must have alerted her.
HOLMES
Was this the end of not only our partnership and friendship but also our relationship? Has he abandoned me, left me again, without telling me, with leaving me in the dark?
“And you immediately connected the dots: the second victim was poisoned with curare. A nerve toxin, originally from the Amazons.”
The clock announces the hour. It’s ten o’clock, and we should go to bed soon. I forbid myself from all thoughts about sleeping arrangements.
"Four months ago?"
Yet John remained stubborn. Sarah as well as Harry once called it one of his best qualities. He wasn’t a quitter, stubborn to a fault. As a doctor, he had fought for his patients until their last breath, and the same could have been saying for his brothers in arms in the army. He would have faced Moriarty with Sherlock together, but this bastard hadn’t given him a choice.
"Is this the question you want to be answered, John?
"In London, he had some research to do."
Holmes nudged me. These stories did not interest him. He wanted something concrete.
I knocked on the door to her room. The rest of the day, we spent an almost friendly conversation. Mrs Nordon seemed to be as lonely and confused as I was. She was happy to chat with someone. I played the role I know best: the role of a doctor, offering her a sympathetic ear and giving her some advice about her health.
We climbed a shallow hill that brought us out on a huge greensward high above the beach, a timeless green landscape. Cow parsley bloomed in the white foam at waist height. In the grassy dunes and hummocks, I imagined Holmes to interpret a hiding place for those inclined to hide. The ground was full of rabbit holes and their droppings squished like raisins under our soles.
“To leave?”
"Morphine. You used it to drug Adèle the night of her kidnapping. You were the one who brought Adèle the herbal tea that night."
The office was dingy. While he knew it was only local work, he also knew that it would be a start, so John sat on an uncomfortable wooden chair in an outer office, his CV ready and his cane close by. He knew he was staring at the middle-aged woman with her hair dyed too bright, a blonde-haired person who sat behind the desk, blowing her nose on Kleenex after Kleenex. Yet, what else should he do? In another life, he might have even asked her for her number. After she blew her nose, she wiped it and dropped the Kleenex into the trash.
The police officer smirked at this little joke.
Mr Marley took a deep breath and another sip. Then he continued: "No, I want to be honest now: it took me almost a day until I saw the reason. Emotions aren't my strong suit, and for me, an arranged marriage was a reasonable prospect for my daughter. My partner is no brute. You must believe me, gentlemen. And as a man of my standing, a sailor as a son-in-law is a potential scandal. In the end, I wished my daughter to be happy, therefore I changed my opinion."
When Mrs Partridge had presented us with a small room, one bed, I had been excited.
What went behind closed doors - for years, I might add - that is an altogether different story. A story that I might pen down to paper, put it into a strong wooden box, and hope those kinder days will discover it in the future. Come to think about it: I am confident that even in the future my private life would be not looked upon kindly. One day, society might not be objected against love between two men, but what we did - no, what I did to Holmes for years...
she asked the detective with a charming smile. An indistinct growl was her answer.
Holmes smiled enigmatically. He turned to Adèle's bed. Here, he explained his line of reasoning: “Adèle spilt part of her herbal tea on her pillow. You can still see the yellowish trace. The smell has long since disappeared. Did she drink it every night?
John Watson
“It’s a big thing in certain circles. Don’t ask me for details. Maybe it’s a version of BDSM with a guilt trip to Catholicism, I don’t know. A therapist certainly would have a field day with them. Look them up, Mr Holmes, you might be surprised at what or who you will find.”
Downstairs, the evening rush was not at full speed yet. That two men were sharing a room was provoking enough.
“Well
“Well, the event happened thirty years ago. As Mr Holmes has said already, my father used to be the private valet to your grandfather at Sherrington Hall. He had been with the family since his youth. Your grandfather, maybe you can recall this, Doctor Watson, was a solitary sort, quite particular in his ways. However, as his health was in decline and he would only have a few months to live, he invited his family to stay with him on the estate for a weekend. Included in the party were John and Henry Watson, the sons of his youngest daughter Anne, who sadly been deceased by then already.”
“Yes. The story in the Gazette. Regarding yourself and Mr Holmes. Did you know it was in the papers?”
“A respectable doctor, a proper gentleman, don’t I know it, John. And therefore, no one will care what you do during the night. You’re a chancer, Dr John H. Watson. Take one last chance.”
Holmes’ demands echoed in my head. Check on Mrs Nordon? Was my partner afraid she would run away? That she killed herself? That she is killed? What questions! After several minutes of mortal boredom, I went check on her.
She rises to her full height, aims for the bar one last time and pours a beer. Then she pictures them, all the women of Doyle, frustrated and fed up, and a one-night-off in a tavern as their sanctuary.
“Was to trigger your memory,” he concluded.
"Lestrade! To which we owe the pleasure? Holmes isn‘t here, in case it was him you were looking for. Isn
He had been there, in the City of Sodom, when it had been burned to the ground. Irene, a fellow female Jinn, had replied constantly to Sherlock’s, “You smell like sex... with humans” with a nonchalant, “This is maybe because I enjoy fucking them”. They had been selfish, but they
He would not say it out loud, but maybe there was some truth in the 'seeing the world through children's eyes. Or, at least, when such a clearly accomplished young lady like Watson was part of the equation.
"Thank goodness, I had almost feared that you were already tired of our relationship," said Holmes, turning to look at his companion in his clear eyes, without speaking seriously. He clearly perceived that the passion between them was still burning and the love far from disappearing.
"Poor?"
"What do you mean?" Holmes said with pursed lips.
The good thing is that John Watson only has to panic afterwards. In the smithy, Holmes will hold him in their bed. They will tremble, both feeling young once more, wide-eyed, drunk on their love, and so grateful.
“Have you heard about the reenactment group, Mr Holmes? The one that performs the twisted mystery plays?”
"For about a month..."
When I got to the front door, I wanted to make sure it was wide open, not like an unpleasant surprise. We would have an emergency exit. Knowing that the cook was sleeping upstairs, I went down to the cellar. I hadn't been to the cellar yet. The little one could only be there. It took me several minutes to find myself in front of the door.
His main room had always been too hot and stifling, so last night John had opened a window, and now it was too cold. When the sun had finally risen on a new day, John had put a dressing gown over his pyjamas, silently cursing to himself. He wished he could turn up the heating,
is neither the fall nor the landing that is killing him but the longing.
A girl stood in the door, maybe fourteen years old. She had dark, short, curly hair. Sherlock Holmes would have said,
[The cheery violin music takes a seductive turn and fades out as Watson speaks]
has always been my story to tell.
have known that Holmes observes more secrets the minute he lays eyes upon a person than the average Londoner sees in a lifetime.
Molly doesn't know what caused it. Her father didn't fall or get struck by an instrument. He never drank more than anyone else in town. They went to church. When it got worse, Molly pleaded with Sister Mary to pray for him. The rosary was her constant companion for months, a daily reminder that not all could be lost.
"A very fragrant herbal tea…" whispered Holmes. "Orange blossoms and mint, with lots of flavours and natural sweetness."
BILLY: I beg to pardon, sir, Mr Forman’s just sent over from the chemist’s on the corner to say ‘is head is a-paining him a bit, and would Dr Watson kindly step over and get
It was a piece of fabric, I found out with staggering relief soon. I grabbed it, returning to the outdoors and into the light. There, I discovered it was a big blanket that someone had rolled into a ball.
He let himself drop in his chair and looked for my laptop. Absent-mindedly, he nibbled at some biscuits Mrs Hudson had brought over. Soon, Sherlock would be so deep in thought that he would not even recognise that the tea in my mug was cold if he gulped it down. Or if an eyeball — leftover from some experiment — would swim in it.
It has to be enough, love.
MORIARTY
so elegantly dressed, with a big smile on his lips, he was truly a handsome man. He looked sheepish and ashamed of his anger the night before. He greeted Mrs Nordon gallantly, and we had a meeting in the inn room, amid the conversations of the customers and the smell of the food being prepared in the kitchens. Mutton stew, if I remember correctly.
HOLMES: That is more like it.
You can spot Martha Hudson in the crowd by her formidable hats. Once she wore a hat that was as wide as a shield, sharp spurs, and a pleated cloak over her legs to keep the mud off her dress. She also likes to wear tightly laced red stockings and comfortable shoes, and her kerchiefs are made of high-quality fabric.
He might have thought about throwing it into the ocean. We both have a favourite
Mary-Ann, recovered from her surprise, set off in pursuit of the night. As for Michael, he had come over to me and pointed his rifle at me. His eyes were dark.
that he wasn’t a hero because heroes don’t exist, and if they do, he wouldn’t be one of them.
So distressing, in fact, that the outcome might have resulted in me leaving Baker Street, Holmes, and our life together, for good.
“It is not warm, I will concede, and yet the weather has its benefits.”
"My name is Sherlock Holmes. This is my friend and partner, Dr Watson."
Before I could finish my ramblings, Holmes interrupted me: “Think, Watson! It is for a case.”
“Now, Christmas can begin...” I said.
This was not its legacy.
“I knew you were a dark horse, Holmes.” He chuckles, which turns into a coughing fit. It alarms me, but Watson waves away my concern. “It’s nothing, just old age, which plagues us all. Except you, apparently.”
But, God knows, I am no good storyteller, and the part I wanted to tell you is long enough.
“Gordian knot, I assume you’re familiar with the concept? Now, imagine that violence, in this case, does not hold the key, but deduction. That instead of using a sword, one uses the mind to solve it. What would then be your take on our mystery?”
My last conscious thought before dreams took over was that I wished Holmes
“My turn.” He has transformed into a babbling someone, and all because Jessica Holmes can speak at lightning speed. It has to be inherited from her mother. Sherlock had only fired out deductions in a similar pattern. Alice had been the one to ruffle and soothe the feathers. He, John, was all about well-balanced conversations, polite to a degree, sophisticated by necessity.
When John licked into his mouth, the flames danced with him.
"The address is known, thank you."
Sherlock Holmes and I, Dr John H. Watson, are no heroes. We are terribly human. Just like everyone else, we made mistakes, had fears and wishes during our partnership. I can share it all with the world when the time comes, but not our love. That is ours alone.
“Forgive me, Watson, but in reality, it’s your fault,” Holmes finally said.
Arriving at the crime scene, I should have been prepared. But despite all my exposure to it, I could not get really accustomed to death. Not outside of a war zone, anyway. I was summoned to my first one during
or John himself.
birth is the most natural thing a woman can do on this earth."
John Watson ran up the stairs to reach a room that, for many months now, had become their private lover's little paradise. And, once he had opened the door, he stopped abruptly.
Thanks to everyone who left kudos and/or a comment. It means a lot.
Somehow, John’s phone had found its way into Sherlock’s hand. While John was still trying to find a logical solution to how that had happened, Sherlock—unperturbed—turned it over.
It snowed all day.
MORIARTY
Upstairs, the sleeping quarters appeared the same; however, in what I assumed to be my late grandfather’s bedroom, a mirror caught Holmes’ interest. My companion urged me to have a
After our client had handed us a photograph of his daughter, Jacob Marley almost fled 221b.
Before we could retire to bed together, we had to address the elephant in the room. Unlike the other times, I hesitated. Normally, I enjoyed Holmes’ dazzling solution to a case. He bathed in my praise as well, but we knew that today’s outcome would not be “perfect “, “amazing” or “brilliant”.
Then everything seemed to tumble into place:
It was all good fun, highlighted by Sherlock picking up his violin in the evening and playing some tunes that almost sounded like a melody.
I leaned down and felt the mace with concern.
John hums something.
“Yes, YES! Thank you, master!”
08/16/2021: Edit the chapter profoundly. Cut out pieces, rearranged others, beta-read by wildishmazz.
Your,
“He stopped the search,” Holmes continued quietly.
“Which was it—Afghanistan or Iraq? John Watson, where were you when you were shot in the shoulder? Afghanistan or Iraq?”
Was he willing to take the
“I am afraid, not, Watson. It is an experiment of a…” - I witnessed with astonishment and wonder how his normally so pale cheeks redden. What a lovely image in the warm firelight! - “more personal nature. One I dearly hope to depend on the aid of my ever-loyal Boswell…”
"She's Miss Adèle's governess."
Here, in 221b, John Watson could imagine himself sitting in his chair and typing blog entries about his lunatic of a new friend. Since meeting Sherlock, he
“One thing baffles me,” Cartridge said. “How did the Gazette get the story without asking one of you two? Anyway, I will make nothing of this until you, John, permit me to proceed. But I hope that if there turns up a story, it might be exclusive...”
It is strange to call him by his first name, but this is a new era, and we are two of their kind, always have been.
Oh, it was not obvious yet—particularly not to a mortal like John Watson. The change would take some time to recognise, to adjust (even he would take less time than most, as John Watson was not an average man), but the universe had shifted.
“I found
Mycroft Holmes keeps many elegant horses. When he rides them, you can hear their bells jingle as clearly as the ones of the monastery.
“It looks splendid, Holmes, as you will know yourself very well,” I said, a bit teasingly in return. I approached him and took a few ribbons and some candles, intending to help him. “So you decorated the room,” I carried on, “while poor Mrs Hudson will take care of setting up Baker Street on her own?”
The hot desert of Afghanistan would become his deathbed, John had believed.
“Watson, so pleased to have found you.”
HOLMES
Looking back, I could only shake my head at our blindness. Oh, what two fools we had been, and for quite some time, I might add.
The Jinn had not finished, and John was hardly sated.
Robert put our trunks in the hall, then he returned to load the horses. A young servant took hold of our coats before we entered the living room.
If we ever let them slip, then as a general warning. We make this clear by giving them a sad ending.
Listen, when you’ve been together with Sherlock for such a long time… when you’ve worked alongside him, as a partner, living together even... You think nothing can really catch you unguarded. But that’s bullshit, obviously.
Imagine you are on a journey from London to Canterbury - would you listen to their story?
"First of June, Sherlock. Don’t tell me you forgot the date again." I exclaimed.
My partner looked quite surprised. "You no longer cry out violently against my misogyny?"
There was an incident with the miller when he had announced his plan of a betrothal in the tavern. While
t constantly thinking but…"
I hadn‘t been fully aware of Marley
It is this man who Holmes will yield, but tonight they will forge something new together. Holmes is observant: he knows when metal can be formed, so it's easy to deduce what his lover craves the most.
It was a big shock.
That the fireplace had been lit had been something I could have expected. After all, it was Christmas Eve and London was covered in a snow blanket that made the city look like an inviting glazed cake. The most unusual sight was, however, that Sherlock Holmes, who had always claimed to find Christmas boring and uninteresting, was currently putting on decorations all over the room.
Sherlock was anything but, and John loved it.
While clearly out of his depth, and normally loath to admit a weakness, my Holmes was grinning like a schoolchild. It was a wonderful look on him, carefree and so lovely. Together we managed it. Holmes informed me while we ate in front of the now lit fireplace that Mrs Partridge had taken upon herself to prepare us some luncheon and had sent her daughter here. As I wanted to point out possible risks, he surprised me and said that David Jones’ son currently courted the daughter, so all would be well. Apparently, Holmes had hinted that all I wanted was to say goodbye to my old family home. And that was true.
Holmes disappeared after lunch, where I did not know, as he did not confide in me. This occurrence wasn't unusual for me any longer, after sharing lodgings with Sherlock Holmes for years. I knew that neither feeling abandoned nor addressing the issue would improve anything. Time has taught me to follow Holmes whenever he wished for my company, and when he preferred to work alone to not distract him with my presence or to question his actions. Holmes was a man of habit, and he has made a habit of sharing his life since the fateful day in 1881.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Why risk your immortality for him? I do not wish you to sacrifice it for him, brother dear.”
Holmes was smiling, but I could tell he was upset. A hundred times I had asked my literary agent, the sympathetic Doctor Arthur Conan Doyle, to remove these illustrations or change their style. Nothing had happened. Our man had been very intelligent, although this was not the first time the detective's name and fame had been misused. He had only gone a little further than the others, also distorting the image of the great detective.
Today's prompt: "star". Set in SHERLOCK (TV) universe. Post-TRF aka welcome to the ANGST train.
MORIARTY (
“Indeed, sir.” He looked at me, once, twice, a third time. Mr Jones clearly fought against his training and common decency, but lost it. “Apologies, sir, but may I ask you something?”
I laughed hysterically, I had to admit. So much so that I
Understand: Sherlock Holmes was standing in 221b, alive, and relatively clean, and they’ve got a case. His violin playing was horrible, the deduction all wrong, and Beatrice was correct on all accounts: “Is this what you were talking about earlier about him being brilliant? ‘Cause, this is gold, pure gold.”
, no matter how often he offered himself up.
"You are an abject being, sir, and I do not apologise for using such a crude term. Go."
Here, no one knew him. Some knew John, apparently. He could deduce it, but John hated it and also, where would be the fun in it? Sherlock would not admit it at gun-point (but John knew it somehow) but he enjoys his partner's tales. His writing has improved since his early blogging days. Sherlock could almost admit that he liked the first published cases of their career. It was John's retirement project, and Sherlock showed his interest and gratitude by providing him with the newest technical equipment (truthfully via Mycroft but the thought certainly counted) and defending his partner's honour online by deducing anonymous internet trolls in customer reviews.
I almost sauntered out of 221b, feeling proud. And smug. And very much in love.
"Fortunately, there are still good souls in the area. The Winsterneys brought me back with a carriage."
“Is it the case of food poisoning, Holmes?”
We carried on and soon we reached a plateau, from which we had a breathtaking view over the dunes to the sea.
