They sat in silence for a few moments before Sherlock motioned for them to continue moving. They had walked about half a mile more, “I wouldn’t know.” He said and Emily looked up at him confused. “ I wouldn’t really know how John is in bed. I’ve not been with anyone since your brother. If It wasn’t for him, I’d probably still be a virgin.” Sherlock’s voice carried a sad and resentful tone.
"Yeah that's fine"
“because you once nearly choked me with your umbrella for giving your brother a hickey.” John said with a grin that widened as Mycroft remembered the moment.
John made Sherlock tea as he said goodbye to his parents, promising to see them Christmas eve. Once they were gone he leaned against the door, eyes closed and relished the comfortable silence of his once lonely flat that John had turned into their home. There was no more trial, no more explanations to be given, cases to be judged, or details that needed to be unveiled. The only sounds he wanted to hear for the foreseeable future were the organic ones of the life he and John had built. Soft rumbles of cars outside, the dull hum of Ms. Hudson’s vacuuming below them, the inexplicably comforting sounds of John’s presence. The boiling of kettle when he made tea, the soft shuffle of when he shifted in his chair, tiny pecks from the keys of his laptop…all sounds that reminded Sherlock he was only as alone as he wanted to be. He was drawn from his thoughts when John crossed in the sitting area and saw him, “everything alright?” the doctor asked with neutral expression, setting the hot beverage on the coffee table. Sherlock nodded letting John take him in his arms, the weight of the doctors hand rubbing gently down his back.
It was a painfully obvious question, seeing as Sherlock was just sitting in the bath.
Sherlock hummed, “ I’ve never been better.”
“doing alright?” he asked and felt Sherlock inhale deeper than usual.
The man below him refused to look at him. "Please leave. I can finish by my self thanks, this has been embarrassing enough."
I've got a lot happening in my life right now, but I love and care about you all and this story. I am taking ONE MONTH off and then will return hopefully better than ever to finish this sorry in the way it deserves. I hope you can understand and will be here when I return.
"Yes and no"
He did. It was unconventional of John, a level or force he had never used with Sherlock since finding out about the abuse, but it was a reality check. “ I can’t stop thinking.” He sighed and started to pack away the papers.
“Emily… can you talk to me?” he asked, and she tried to speak but was too hoarse to make out a word, so she shook her head no.
John watched his boyfriend in fascination, “200 miles of tunnels, Sherlock how are we going to find where he has put her? That seems impossible even for you- there is no set map of that place.”
John ran his hand down his face, rubbing his tired eyes.
“that wasn’t very gentle of you, Dr.Watson.” Sherlock teased.
Get updates and keep up with me on twitter @OhHeyyItsAnna
“thank you. You look good by the way.”
"John!" He yelled and heard John run down the hall.
“mmm, he already knew it though. Saw the marks on your neck while he was over here.” John continued and felt Sherlock tighten his posture in his embrace. “John I-“Sherlock began but John wasn’t finished. “and what was really interesting was that he knew you had one below your shirt collar.” John was growing frustrated “Sherlock, you have to be really close to see that one. Why was he that close to you? Why are the sheets off our bed?” John’s final sentence sounded like a plea for mercy and his voice cracked at the very end.
“Emily Trevor.”
John moved back to drying him but decided against running the towel over his penis and proceeded to dress him. He saw all the marks on Sherlocks legs and inner thighs.
Thank you so much for reading! Please comment and let me know how you like the story so far and any suggestions you have!!
********************************
He spoke these statements aloud to the jury in a much more elegant and composed manner than what flowed through his head. He took a breath and looked subtly back at John. John was what filled that void now- and he was better than Victor or drug ever was.
“does everything surprise you?! All these years in the police department and your acting like everything I say to you is unbelievable!” Sherlock raised his voice as he stood from his chair.
The time passes faster with Sherlock there to keep him company and soon enough 4 o'clock came.
The curly haired man look up and nodded " I understand if that's not what you want. I mean how could you want me, look at me."
Something about the days of the trial had shifted the ex army doctors perception of the detective. He feared after hearing the details of his life before him, he would coddle Sherlock more, treat him even more cautiously than before- but it had the opposite effect. These past days made Sherlock seem far stronger than John had originally thought of him as. It was like an avalanche of awareness when it started to become transparent why Sherlock never wanted to be looked at like he was broken. John thought of himself genuinely unable to take credit for Sherlock’s successes. The man had mended himself, healed his own brokenness in many ways before John had come into the picture. It felt like a privilege to watch Sherlock shapeshift into the near ethereal being that was laying below him.
When he left Sherlock seemed to go off like a grenade , " why would you tell him it's okay?! Now he will just come in here whenever he feels like it!"
“Sherlock. Listen to me. You need to calm down, before you work yourself into some kind of panic attack.” He kissed him, long and slow. Their lips gliding against one another’s like silk on smooth skin. Sherlock’s breathing slowly returned to normal and the tears stopped falling from his eyes. “ The only reason I didn’t take you is because. It felt like something I needed to do myself. You always do so much for me, even if you don’t realize it. You’ve helped me in ways I never thought possible over the course of our relationship, and I just… I needed to do this for me. To prove to myself I could beat victor at something.”
"Okay, I'm sorry"
"Hey, what's wrong"
Sherlock rolled his eyes, “ oh yes, because you always let me know about your decisions.” He said sarcastically.
“yeah, well it’s not a very far walk from one side of this pub to the other.” John tried to joke. “Brilliant performance, very convincing. If I didn’t know any better, I’d say you actually liked the guy.” John said with a knowing scowl.
“do you need medical attention, there was an explosion down here a few hours ago.” He explained in a very professional manner.
Get updates and keep up with me on twitter @OhHeyyItsAnna
Get updates and keep up with me on twitter @OhHeyyItsAnna
"Stop"
"Not gay doesn't mean not bisexual."
“He went back home.” Sherlock stated plainly, allowing John to keep his arm around him. “I’m almost finished here.”
" mildly"
" can you tell me whats happened?"
"Yours too John. "
“I didn’t know you spoke French?” John said amused
Sherlock nodded
"Fine. Sherlocks inside, not sure where at the moment though."
Emily shot a quick glance at him, “ are you crazy?! Normally you walk away from the things that tried to kill you!”
"Mmhmm adorable."
"Well, no one is perfect but your perfect to me and if it's alright with you I would love to be yours as well" John replied.
Mycroft gave his brother an odd look, “Sherlock. I told you the therapist I hired was female. I don’t know that man.”
"Okay, I'm sorry for being upset with you earlier. I shouldn't have been as harsh. Sherlock I'm not going to press you to tell me anything but I know something's wrong and I want to help you. Honestly anything you want at Tesco I will get it for you if you'll eat it. You don't have to eat a feast, even something like a can of soup would make me happy. I don't want to lose you again"
"Shower, I smell like hospital."
“Are you aware about having neither you nor your lawyer testify you will almost certainly be found guilty of all charges.”
John pulled Sherlock to his chest and cradled him in close, occasionally pressing a kiss to the top of his head.
John looked up at the younger man in confusion, but his eyes quickly turned to concern when he saw the Sherlock was practically shaking. John quickly backed away and moved up to lay beside Sherlock, wrapping his arms around him. “hey, its okay. You’re alright. What’s wrong?” John said placing a small kiss on his slender shoulder. “I’m sorry. I-I asked you to stop but…” John looked up at him hurt “I am so sorry, my love. So sorry. I didn’t hear you say anything or else I would have stopped immediately.” Sherlock stopped quivering “you know that right? You know I would have stopped.” John said, concern deeply obvious in his voice. Sherlock nodded his head “I know. It’s okay, really I’m fine, it just scared me for a minute.” Sherlock reassured John kissing his head. John sighed, “ I just wanted to return the feeling you gave me.” Reciprocal love was still a fairly new and foreign concept to Sherlock, but he was quickly learning that in a normal relationship, at least a relationship with John, it wasn’t one sided. Both partners gave and both received, something Sherlock never knew with victor. “I know, and I want it, I do, but…I’m just not ready I guess.” Sherlock said embarrassed. John reassured him that everything was fine, and he pulled the blankets over their now dry bodies as they cuddled for a while.
Sherlock slipped the slide under the microscope and quickly began scanning it for what he was looking for. Suddenly his fingers stopped moving on the turn dials and he laughed in a low and relieved kind of way. All of Sherlock’s theories he had been having, the ones he didn’t vocalize, not even to John. The reason the evidence was so polarizing. It was all coming full circle.
"I've almost gained half a stone, I hate myself more everyday for it"
Lestrade stood, his mouth slightly agape, “Did you just say fucked?” he said in surprise, never hearing Sherlock say something as crude in the context of a case.
Sherlock left and she and John shared a few moments of mildly uncomfortable silence before Emily finally spoke up. “you’re good for him.” She stated plainly. John smiled towards the floor. “not to mention he’s completely in love with you.
Sherlock nodded looking down, " he was the first person aside from a few members in my family who I actually loved and who I thought actually loved me. It hurt. It still hurts. Sometimes, well times before I was with you, I even thought about going back to him, and that just maybe he would want me. But that he would want it to be different, not like before, but i passed him one day and realized that I'm completely and utterly scared of him, John I saw him and my stomach dropped, I felt sick."
"Alright, thank you boys, we will need you to come down to the yard and fill out the paperwork." Lestrade said shaking John’s hand.
"Thank you"
The sound of light, slow footsteps began to become louder-Mrs. Hudson, Sherlock sighed in relief. “hello, love. Brought you your mid-day cuppa.” She smiled and set the cup and saucer on the little table next to John’s chair. “Mrs. Hudson, do you just let anyone into this flat, do you ever think that might be a bit dangerous?” Sherlock said a little too harshly. Mrs. Hudson looked around, confused “no, dear. Usually John tells me when you are expecting a client.” Sherlock sighed loudly, “Well he didn’t tell you to expect anyone, today did he?”
Thank you for reading, please comment and let me know what you think!!
"I won't" John came over and kissed  him and left.
Sherlock smiled and waited patiently while John went through his routine.
"Sherlock, are you sure about this?"
"John, I think i love you."
“I don’t know if this was considered or not, but there was a man found dead in the tunnels of the catacombs a few days after Emily was rescued, he had high strength sedative drugs and needles on him- the kind that would have produced the same effect Sherlock described when he and Bill Wiggins were attacked. We also recovered his phone, he and Victor-”
"Hmm"
The form took a little over two hours to complete. Sherlock was drained by the end of it. Despite his outburst and Bradshaw being angry at him, it was obvious the man was still taking pity on him as Sherlock answered his questions and elaborated on the details of what formed this case. Details he knew would be spoken in front of a jury…and John. It was against the advice of sergeant Bradshaw and later Sherlock’s lawyer to meet with Emily to discuss their files. Their cases were a unique situation. They were both separate cases, both different charges against the same person but yet they were too interconnected with one other to warrant different court sessions entirely. Sherlock would obviously be required to vouch for Emily against her brother, but Emily was also had a valuable role in his own trial against Victor. There were now two plaintiffs against one defendant.
John glanced up at Sherlock one last time before pulling the sweatpants down and throwing them off the bed. He kissed and sucked at Sherlocks hips, making a mental note of how visible they still were. He continues to lick and kiss languidly up the tall man’s pale body until he reached his nipples. He ran his fingers over them before taking one into his mouth and circling it with his tongue. Sherlock moaned and his back arched off of the bed, causing John to smile as he switched to the other pink bud. Sherlock placed a gentle hand on John’s head as he continued to send pleasure unlike any other through the detectives body, “John, don’t stop.” He panted. John kissed his way back up to Sherlocks neck as he glided one of his hands up Sherlocks thigh able to feel the scars beneath his fingertips that had faded to thin white lines. He rested his hand on the inner most part giving Sherlock the chance to say no, but he never did. John kissed Sherlocks mouth, their tongues fighting for dominance and he wrapped his hand around Sherlocks cock. The detective inhaled sharply and moaned into John’s mouth. John began to stroke Sherlocks cock at a steady pace as he continued marking Sherlocks neck and chest.
"Thought about it a lot, even younger than that. No one liked me in school, not many people like me now, not much has changed. While in school people would call me freak, weirdo, tell me I was odd and didn't belong with them. I didn't care at first but eventually I did. I never actually did it but I thought about it. At 18 I was sexually assaulted and the week after is when I started."
Get updates and keep up with me on twitter @OhHeyyItsAnna
“it’s your call.” Sherlock replied breathily.
Emily gasped quietly and quickly brushed away a tear that fell down her cheek. She thanked John for his kind words and for the incredible opportunity that she would gladly accept. Before they could say much more Sherlock returned with her food and drink. He noticed the strange tension in the room and looked back and forth between Emily and John but decided to not mention it. “if you don’t need anything else, I think we are going to try to see a bit of the city this evening before the sun sets.” Sherlock said letting an arm drape over John’s shoulders.
In this moment of privacy and sentiment, Sherlock met John’s gaze and held it, looking into the perfect oceanic storm of blue and greys that was John’s eyes. “John I’ve always been a difficult man, I recognize this…and well you’ve known this.” He huffed a laugh and caught the thin smile that tugged at the corners of John’s mouth. “ but since the start of our relationship, I have been even more…” Sherlock, for once seemed lost for words. John leaned forward and look his lovers left hand, clasping it between his own palms. “ things have been challenging, to say the least-” Sherlock continued. “ I need to thank you for what you’ve done. For the sake of brevity I wont list all that you’ve done for me.” John’s chuckle make the lump in Sherlock’s throat fade. The lump was back and threatening tears but Sherlock wasn’t done, “ put your humility aside and understand that I would not be sitting here if it wasn’t for the ways you love me. Without you, my parents would have one less son, Ms. Hudson one less tenant, and god knows how many unsolved cases Scotland yard would have compiled by now.” He joked, making the heaviness of the mood lighten. “ John… you have saved me…in every way that a person can be saved.”
Thank you so much for reading! Please comment and let me know how you like the story so far and any suggestions you have!!
After dinner and cleaning up Sherlock and John went to the bath and warmed the water.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Shower.”
"You know i hate repeating myself "
"You were the only one who never said it, John. The only one who never called me a freak."
Words couldn't express how thankful he was that John didn't press him to eat breakfast. One thing he hated more than eating was eating out, he felt like everyone was staring and judging him.
“there is no time for that Sherlock, you of all people should know how important time is in the case of missing persons.”
“I need to know, Sherlock,”
" you did it for me once, consider it a re payment and a sign of affection"
It had been decided a long time ago that Lestrade decided not to correct Sherlock when he messed up his name. " her name was Emily Trevor"
This time it was John tensing at the mention of his name, “it was interesting. He doesn’t suspect anything that’s for sure. He asked me if we were a couple. I told him we were.”
Hi my lovely readers! i want thank you all so much for the comments and reads in the past week, i hope you are enjoying this story as it wraps up! Here is part one of the trial, i hope it keeps your interest and doesn't feel repetitive. DISCLAIMER: i'm not a lawyer, ive never been to law school, and i don't watch many crime shows so i had to take an educated guess at how a court scene would play out, so please be gentle with me haha. Stay healthy, lots of love...xx
"God forbid I care about you Sherlock. God forbid I try to do right by you because it always ends up coming back to bite me. Nothing I do is ever right when it comes to you. I touch you too much, then not enough; I make sure you’re alright too often, I'm too considerate, I pity you. You know what, I do pity you- but not for the reasons you think. I don't pity you because you were abused and still suffer with consequences from it. I pity you because you have someone who tries every day to help you and you treat them like shit. What a miserable life it must be to be able to treat someone that way and have the mindset they will keep coming back to you."
John was speechless and leaned up on his tip toes and pulled Sherlock into another kiss, " I don't want a perfect, easy, or normal relationship.i just want one with you. I know things will be difficult sometimes, and that's okay. I will never push you to do anything you don't want to. Promise me something yeah?" Sherlock nodded " never push yourself to do something you're uncomfortable with."
"Yes"
" I thought we could have spaghetti and wine." He announced
He and John lay there with each other just talking about different things wrapped in each others arms. John grew quiet and his breathing became deeper, he had fallen asleep. Sherlock smiled at the sleeping figure and cradled John's head close to his chest, dropping kisses on it every now and then.
The judge made a gesture with her hand to bring them forward. An older blonde around the age of fifty stepped forward along with a short brunette who seemed to be close in age with Emily. They introduced themselves as Emily’s lifelong best friend, Kate, and her mother. The judge asked them a series of questions and they both verified they had seen signs of abuse on Emily’s person during the given time frame. Emily was then asked to continue with her statement.
Sherlock’s alarm went off around 7:30 and he groaned as he reached for his phone on the bedside table to quickly quiet the obnoxious sound. He sighed and looked at John who seemingly hadn’t moved since they fell asleep last night. Sherlock turned onto his side to face John, softly caressing the doctor’s jawline. Sherlock smiled shyly and blushed as he remembered he and John were both still nude from the events of a few hours ago. John’s eyes fluttered open and he made a soft moan as he stretched. “Good morning, beautiful.” John’s voice was raspy and incredibly sexy first thing in the morning, and if Sherlock hadn’t been blushing before-he certainly was now. He mumbled a good morning back to his blogger, “I’m going to get dressed and work on this case.” John nodded but made no attempt to get up. Sherlock stood next to the bed and quickly wrapped his burgundy dressing gown around his thin frame and walked a few steps down the hall to their bathroom.
Lestrade made his way to the hospital and entered Sherlock’s private room. “posh git.” He thought to himself. When he pulled back the curtain Sherlock was fast asleep, his head resting on John’s shoulder who was in the small bed next to him. The good doctor looked up at Lestrade and gave him a closed mouth smile. “clever bastard.” Greg chuckled and John quietly laughed in response as he ran his hands through the detective’s dirty, dark curls. “yeah, he is.” John agreed. Lestrade explained what had happened with Victor, the pain in his voice was prominent but John couldn’t help but smile.
"Why was he here?"
When John opened his eyes he was hoping to find his warm boyfriend next to him, but he didn't. He looked over unaware of the time but had speculations it was probably morning and he should get ready for work. The clock blinked 3:54, he sighed to himself and walked to the living room where Sherlock sat on the sofa, legs crossed and picking at the strings on his violin, he looked up when he heard John.
“sexual assault and domestic abuse.” Sherlock said quickly and heard a sharp intake of air from the man sat across from him, “against victor Trevor.” He continued.
AUTHORS NOTE
He ran to Sherlocks side and lifted him up, the only time Sherlock being so light came in handy. There was a car waiting and he placed him in.
“I have a homeless network in Paris and some connections with people who know the Catacombs like you and I know the streets of London. There is an elusive group of people who call themselves cataphiles who frequently explore, visit, hold parties, etcetera in the non-public parts of the tunnels- they will be more than willing to help me, it still won’t be easy but it can be done.” Sherlock spoke with confidence, but his voice faltered a bit at the end. He knew the even the most experienced of explorers have gotten lost in the underground labyrinth of Paris.
Hello darlings! I hope you all are enjoying this story! I love writing it, please comment and let me know what you think about it! Comments are like crack to me!
" just got a little hurt, nothing to worry about."
John rubbed the back of his neck with his free hand, “Ah, something happened and he asked if I was alright and I said yes, I just had a long night and then he made a comment about how violin music in middle of the night gets annoying or makes it hard to sleep. But it was obviously a cheap stab at you and I just played dumb.” John spoke quickly but Sherlock caught every word. Sherlock made a small ‘hmm’ noise but had nothing else to say.
Emily was propped up in the small bed, her attention was directed to the tv mounted on the wall and she was eating small bites of what appeared to be pudding. She still had an IV attached but she had been cleaned up and appeared much less pale than last night. Emily smiled when she saw Sherlock’s tall figure enter the room, “hey, I was wondering if you were going to stop by.” She said pulling her knees close to her chest, making room for Sherlock to sit at the end of the bed.  Sherlock gave her a small smile and took a seat while John lingered near entryway of the room. “how are you feeling?” Sherlock asked placing a hand on her knee. “ better than I have in a while.” She joked “but really, I’m feeling fine. I’m still pretty tired but other than that I’m good. What about you?” Sherlock just nodded not answering her question.
“repeated instances of rape over a five year period.” Sherlock’s tone was level, but John watched the mans fingers rub against each other at his side.
"Please."
It was one of those days that John only had to work half a day but it felt like he had been at the surgery a week. When he left he texted Sherlock and asked where he was and went to the address sent.
"Adult male found near the door, probably because he was trying to protect his family, meaning he loved them enough to risk his life. Steady relationship, but struggled financially. Adult female pressed against the bedroom door, obviously wanting to see if her husband was alright. With her was 3 children by the looks of it ages 10,7, and 4. The door was not opened until you all opened it and found them correct? " Sherlock spoke quickly.
“Mr. Holmes I’ve been warned this will be a rather lengthy statement, is that correct?”
Minutes passed
See you when you get home- SH
Sherlock made sure to get up before John that morning to make them breakfast. He found that if it made John happy to see him eat just a little bit he could. Sherlock was a awful cook, anyone who had ever asked him to cook knew that. He decided that he could fix toast, eggs, and fruit without ruining it. The toast came up a moment before John entered the kitchen. He was still In his dressing robe and John was in a white t shirt and sweat pants. John came over and hugged him gently. "You made breakfast?"
Get updates and keep up with me on twitter @OhHeyyItsAnna
"John, we should have sex"
John chuckled, it was the opposite of what he was trying to do…he was trying to make Sherlock feel alive. Bring him to the brink of hypersensitivity over and over again until he could only fall apart at the touch of John’s hands.
I really hope you all like this chapter!! Stay safe and healthy, Lots of love!
Sherlock looked up at John a smile on his face
The car ride home was…charged. John kept his body touching Sherlock’s at all times, kissing him a few times too many than what would be considered appropriate for being in a cab with two other people, one of them being their friend and landlady and the other an innocent cab driver. They quickly paid the cabbie and scurried upstairs, ignoring Ms. Hudson’s comment about removing her hearing aids as soon as she got inside.
"We'll see. Don't explode the flat!" John called running down the steps and out the door.
"Yes"
"I get off in 2 hours, I suppose you can stay until then as long as you don't disturb anything or anyone "
Inside the hospital Sherlock spoke with the local police and advised them and the hospital staff to have security present at Emily’s room for the next few days. John insisted on him getting an exam as well. Luckily, he was fine, and they told him he could be on his way after they gave him some IV fluids and some strong ibuprofen.
As John lay there unable to fall back asleep, he admired how beautiful his boyfriend was. His skin was like soft porcelain and seemed to glow in the gentle light of the morning sun, his lips were perfectly shaped and couldn’t help but remember how incredible they looked the night that Sherlock had them wrapped around his cock. John felt his cock stir in his boxers and he tried to will himself to think of something different, his sexual frustration was the last thing Sherlock needed to concern himself with at this time…but the thoughts wouldn’t go away. He laid there with his erection growing slowly by the minute until he decided this was one morning he couldn’t ignore it. He decided to cut his losses and slowly moved from the bed to go shower and have a wank. In some ways he felt guilty for caving into his bodily desires, but he reminded himself that he was just a man and that he would rather take care of this now than to make Sherlock uncomfortable with it when he woke up.
“Doctor Watson, I again want to apologize for my reaction. It was irrational and wrong.” Mycroft started, “how is he?”
" did you ever want him to? Hold you, cuddle you?"
“hmmm?” Sherlock hummed in reply
" you are special and wanted my love"
I decided to post another chapter. I appreciate every single one of you who reads my story. I can not believe it has over 1,000 hits, I would have never expected that. Thank you all so much.
" I promise I'll tell you."
"I thought I had seen you somewhere" she smiled and held out her hand " I'm Amy" John shook her hand and nodded.
This made John smile, remembering that first day at the park. "Thanks"
" um alright. Well we established that you are comfortable enough to have some of your clothes off while we are kissing so that's already a big step. I suppose we could work on getting more clothes off and you still being okay. I could touch you or you could touch me through our clothes. Um -"
I BEGAN THIS STORY 5 YEARS AGO (2015) and have recently picked it back up(2020). I would like to think my writing has grown significantly since then and would really like to encourage you to continue reading this story even if it seems subpar until chapter 16. Also, if you wish for me to go back and correct/ add more detail to previous chapters I am open to doing that. Thank you! Lots of love <3
TRIGGER WARNING: SELF HARM
"I'm sorry, I really didn't mean to upset you. I know you can care for yourself but Sherlock," John hesitated, " I lost you once and if there is anything I can do about it I won't lose you again. I was miserable without you."
"Me?" John’s eyebrows raised in confusion
"We will see about it okay?"
" I'm fine. I want to do this. Please?"
"Mmm" John mumbled.
“they aren’t for Emily; they are for me.” Sherlock finally looked up, his blue eyes piercing into the sergeant. “I want to open a sexual assault and domestic abuse case against victor Trevor for actions he committed against me. Is that clear enough for you?” Sherlock said with a scowl.
AUTHORS NOTE
“well, what is it?” John asked eagerly
"Tea?" John offered to the both of them and they nodded.
John had been in a peaceful sleep for about two hours when Mycroft came in.
Sherlock shirt fell off and the beautiful ivory skin was revealed. " god your so beautiful"
"Yeah" he called back
He looked in his room and then Sherlocks room. He heard the shower switch on. He knocked on the door " Sherlock, you alright?"
John took fresh gauze and ointment to apply to sherlocks arm. His eyes turned glassy when looking at them and Sherlock had to turn his head to keep from showing how ashamed he was.
The detective nodded; his eyes looked heavy with fatigue now rather than lust. John turned on the tap and let it warm up as he pressed a few gentle kisses to Sherlock’s lips, “ want to call it an early night?” another nod.
John sighed and went to leave, but to his pleasant surprise Sherlock followed him.
" why are you drinking? You never drink."
"I love you "
Sorry it's a bit late but here it is! I really hope you all enjoy it, i'm still really new to writing smut haha
No reply.
Hello darlings! I hope you all are enjoying this story! I love writing it, please comment and let me know what you think about it! Comments are like crack to me!
Hi my lovely readers! i want thank you all so much for the comments and reads in the past week, i hope you are enjoying this story as it wraps up! Here is part one of the trial, i hope it keeps your interest and doesn't feel repetitive. DISCLAIMER: i'm not a lawyer, ive never been to law school, and i don't watch many crime shows so i had to take an educated guess at how a court scene would play out, so please be gentle with me haha. Stay healthy, lots of love...xx
John ran his fingers though the dark curls and gently kissed the back of his head. "You alright"
“you’re in luck, he’s available. You know where his office is?” she said but Sherlock had already begun to make his way down the hall.
"Don't leave" Sherlock spoke softly.
John lifter Sherlock out of the bath and took him to his room.
(See the end of the chapter for
"Then go" Sherlock replied.
“save it Greg. We have other things to focus on.”
John pressed the front of his body to Sherlock’s back and plowed into the man with a type of force he hadn’t before. He released all the inhibitions he had in the past about doing something beyond Sherlock’s comfort, he had a renewed sense of trust that the dark haired man would let him know if a boundary was overstepped. Beneath him Sherlock was blissed out, floating in a total state of extasy. His sharp mind failing to remember any word besides John’s name. John snaked his arm beneath Sherlock and took his leaking cock in his hand, beginning to jerk him off in sync with his thrusts. “ whenever you want baby… I wont stop this time.” John panted the promise, feeling his hand slowly become slicker with Sherlock’s excitement. He prayed Sherlock would finish before him, because at this pace he wasn’t going to last much more than a minute. John felt Sherlock’s muscled tighten from inside his body and felt warm ejaculate spilling over his fingers, “ mmm gorgeous, baby….” He growled in Sherlock’s ear and with a few final thrusts he shot his cum deep inside his lovers body. He fell slack against Sherlock’s back, no longer afraid of crushing him. They both laid in silence, save for the sound of them trying to catch their breath. John felt himself coming back to reality and started to move off Sherlock.
" I'm not hungry"
Sherlock looked disgusted,"I am NOT close to my brother."
Get updates and keep up with me on twitter @OhHeyyItsAnna
"Not a word to my brother" Mycroft said seriously as he got into the car that had been waiting for him.
"Her brother, the one that wanted to speak to me, is Victor Trevor"
He wrestled with his own thoughts and pride before he swallowed it and climbed the stairs to John’s room. When he opened the door, he could see John’s silhouette outlined by the streetlights. He stood in the doorway for a few moments debating on whether or not to go back downstairs. He couldn’t ignore the feeling of safely that washed over him just from being in the same room as John.
He opened the door knowing everything was okay but in the back of his mind he had a fear something could be wrong. " you alright?"
The judges eye flitted back and fourth between Victor and Lestrade, “ what man? I wasn’t given any reports regarding this.”
The corners of Sherlock lips quirked up at message and didn’t hesitate before responding
"I went to the pub to have a pint" John lied.
"What?"
When they reached 221b they went up stairs and hung up their scarves and jacket.
“Lay down.”
"I love you too."
“ I was a soldier, Sherlock, you shouldn’t find it that surprising.” John said quietly as he moved the blankets off of them.
SMUT WARNING
"Come for the freak?"
"Sherlock, where did you cut?! I need to know where to apply pressure?"
"Hate what love?" John brought Sherlock knuckles to his lips.
" I shouldn't be a problem you have to deal with John"
Sherlock managed to get a cabs attention and quickly got in, leaving both John and Sally behind him.
John chuckled quietly,  and teased “oh yeah?” and Sherlock nodded, looking up at John with his eyes-blue like an ocean, one John would gladly get lost in.
“oh my god” Mrs. Holmes choked out and made a swift exit out of the courtroom. John wanted to go check on her, but felt he was needed more here with Sherlock. he looked over to the members of NSY who all shared the same expressions of shock on their face. The man they had known for all these years, who they had picked on time after time and who had seemed unphased by it was someone they really didn’t know at all. John was sure guilt was weighing heavy on the likes of Anderson and Donovan. Greg was looking paler by the minute.
" you love me?"
Little did he know how wrong those words would turn out to be.
When John was about to question why, he had woken up enough to realize why Sherlock was uncomfortable alone in his room. Guilt washed over the good doctor. " oh, baby, I'm sorry." He said sincerely as he pulled the covers back, inviting Sherlock into the bed with him.
" why did you never tell anyone?"
" I didn't think they could help, and if he found out the punishment would have been horrible and probably would have killed me."
Get updates and keep up with me on twitter @OhHeyyItsAnna
Sherlock nodded picking up the paper. John cleared his throat, “I’ll show you out.”
" Sherlock, you know I would never ask you for anything you were not comfortable doing."
“Sorry, let me get this straight. You don’t want to detain him or want him to know we are leaving the country but you want to invite him with us?” Greg said surprised.
Get updates and keep up with me on twitter @OhHeyyItsAnna
Get updates and keep up with me on twitter @OhHeyyItsAnna
" 's fine"
John looked at Sherlock briefly before starting to stand from his chair. Sherlock held a hand to John’s chest and said calmly, “he can stay; whatever it is.” John let out a breath he didn’t know he had been holding and relaxed into his seat again, this time wrapping one of his arms around his lovers’ hip.
"Come on, I'll wrap it and give you something to help with the itching."
Once again, Sherlock chest felt tight, but no longer from fear. He stepped closer toward the bed and untied his dressing gown, letting it fall and reveal his bare body. Sherlock shook his head at John’s apology and climbed on to the mattress, careful to keep his distance from the other man.
When Sherlock arrived back at baker street he fell against the door as soon as it closed behind him. His chest heaved but he didn’t cry. Ms. Hudson opened her door and placed a hand over her heart as she worried over the detective. She approached him with caution and helped him to his feet, leading him into her flat and sitting him on the couch. All of this was very reminiscent of the very first night Sherlock had shown up on her doorstep all those years ago. The detective worked through his panic attack as his landlady watched from a distance. When he was coming to, she offered him tea and continued her baking as she kept a close eye on him. The lanky man sat in silence just staring at the floor, obviously lost in thought as he sipped on his tea. Eventually he fell asleep and quiet snores floated through her flat. She smiled sadly in his direction; a smile of pity-one she couldn’t ever let him see.
" for how long?"
Get updates and keep up with me on twitter @OhHeyyItsAnna
‘John, you will let me know if something begins to go terribly wrong, wont you?” Mycroft asked, the sentiment he hated so much reappearing in his tone.
“give me the rest of the day to think about it.” Sherlock said quietly and John turned his head quickly to look at him.
Sherlock nodded and the feeling definitely had an effect on a certain part of Johns anatomy. He tried to ignore it but it was very persistent. He was sure Sherlock had noticed but if he did he didn't say anything, and for that John was grateful.
It was nearing one in the morning and John was sat at a pub. The place was booming with young couples drinking, older men watching sports and laughing over a few pints, but John sat alone drinking tea trying to stay awake. His leg was bouncing with anticipation and worry underneath the booth table. All day he had switched from being hurt and confused to pissed off but underneath it all was worry.
"Hmm" John replied casually
Sherlock swallowed and blinked a few times before dropping his gaze to the floor, “I need to file a case against someone.” He finally breathed out.
John knew what statement was coming next. He also knew it would be new information for most of the courtroom. As the judge spoke he subconsciously mouthed the words along with her, “ you are choosing to represent yourself  against the defendant Victor Trevor on the charges of domestic abuse and sexual assault, correct?”
“I am, I work over at Barts back in London.” He replied.
Two chapters in one night...whaaaat??!! i really hope you all enjoy these! Please please comment down below and tell me what you think, constructive criticism is always welcome! comments really fuel me to write more chapters sooner! lots of love <3
" I'm cute?"
Get updates and keep up with me on twitter @OhHeyyItsAnna
"Want me to stay?"
“obviously I never told anyone it happened. It continued to happen, never once in our five year relationship do I remember to consenting to sex with Victor Trevor- and believe me when I say it would be something I would remember.” His words held venom.
“yes, yes, I’m excited; just maybe not as much as you,” he laughed, “It’s just another year.”
"That may be the nicest thing you have ever said to me" John said smiling softly. the wind picked up and he shook briefly. " let's go home, yeah?"
Sherlock began to stir in his arms and John held him tighter and moved his hand off his thigh. Sherlock looked up at him and John pressed a closed mouth kiss to his forehead and mumbled “good morning” against his skin. Sherlock only hummed in response and cuddled in closer. They rested comfortably for a few more minutes before John asked, “how are you?”
John looked at Sherlock hunched over the desk, looking paler than usual and shaking. He grew angry when he saw what he was looking at. He called out his partners name softly but gained no response. He made his way to him and placed a soft hand on his shoulder,  the man beneath it jumped. “ sorry, sorry…” John apologized and stepped even closer, “ you should be resting, in bed with me, not reading this.” His tone was stern but not unsympathetic.
"Sherlock you have to eat" John said assertively.
John came to lay on his side behind Sherlock in a spooning position. He poured some lube onto his fingers and began to open Sherlock up. He was still pretty slick and open from last night and moaned as John worked his fingers in and out of him.
When he arrived at the flat he walked in to not see Sherlock anywhere. John only had one place left to check and that was Sherlocks room. When he opened the door he saw the detective in only his black pants. When Sherlock saw John he flung himself onto the bed and wrapped himself in a sheet. It was too late for John, and of course Sherlock knew it but he hoped John wouldn't bring it up. John saw every rib, hip bones that stuck out, very visible collar bone and Sherlock entire spinal cord.
"Sherlock Holmes" a nurse in a pastel green scrub set called
A few weeks passed when John got a random text from Mycroft that simply read "danger night" there had only been one other time that John and Mycroft had spoken of Sherlocks so called ' danger nights' Mycroft originally told him that they were times he would have a stronger feeling than usual to use drugs, but John new they now referred to more than the drugs, it applied to the irregular eating and the self harm methods as well.
“so you knew Ms. Trevor prior to the alleged kidnapping, correct?”
“now you do. And we aren’t even half done.”
" can we talk about it?" John asked in a caution tone
" what is the point then?" Mark spoke in a cliché fake tone that only make Sherlock angry.
“sweetheart,” John said, only making Sherlock cry harder, John took him back into his arms. “my love for you is not going to decrease after this hearing no matter the results, no matter what I hear or see or learn about your life before me. I’m not finding out how messed up you are, I’m finding out you are so much stronger and more amazing than I already thought you were…and you know how I am always so amazed by you.” He felt Sherlock’s body shake, but this time with a small laugh rather than tears. In a bold move John reached under his shirt and removed his dog tags, he hadn’t worn them in years but something told him to put them on this morning- perhaps because this felt like the hardest battle he would ever endure. He delicately placed them around Sherlock’s neck and tucked them under the taller mans shirt. They shared a knowing look of deep emotion, John reached up to wipe the tears from Sherlock’s face and leaned forward to kiss him. they stayed like that for as long as they could until the alarm sounded for them to return to the courtroom. Sherlock retook his place at the podium and placed a hand over the spot where the metal tags rested on his chest.
"You don't even bloody know him"
"Shh, don't talk you need to keep your strength." He leaned down and kissed his forehead " god I'm so sorry I left you."
A Parisian officer came into the room while Sherlock was watching the steadily drip of the IV line. He asked Sherlock for the details of how and why he knew Emily was down there and that he wanted to collect any and all evidence that was found. He explained that the case originated in London and gave the officer all the details, surprisingly without berating the man. Sherlock informed him that Scotland Yard had already claimed the case and that DI Lestrade was actually in the city undercover with the suspect. He gave the officer the address of Greg and Victor’s hotel and a team was sent over immediately.
He circled the building with no signs of his boyfriend, until he spotted a familiar dark head of curls through the small window of a stairwell door. He opened it, Sherlock spun around immediately but relaxed when he was met with John. His John. John that made everything better. He prayed to a god he didn’t believe in that he could somehow make this better.
Once he left John took up a place by Sherlock and absentmindedly played with sherlocks fingers, " you did good, darling."
"What should I wear? What kind of dinner?"
Sherlock went still, feeling very intimidated by the idea. “John, I-I haven’t before…”
“you were incredible this morning. Really you were. You were so confident and sure of yourself, and god when you swallowed my- well you get the point. Anyway, you seemed okay with everything, but I couldn’t help but notice…” John was nervous to even bring this up but felt desperate for answers “ younevergothard” he said quickly but of course Sherlock caught it and quirked an eyebrow but let John finish his thought “ and whenever I brought you in here and tried to touch you…well… you started shutting down. Can we talk about that so I can understand?” Sherlock nodded his head and turned to lay on his side to be face to face with John.
"What?"
Sherlock held the door for John and was quickly thanked and escorted by the waitress to their usual table.
"You need to speak with him considering you just invaded the place where his sister disappeared."
“ you may begin” the judge granted permission and Sherlock closed his eyes briefly taking a deep breath and looked at his first statement highlighted in bold on the page in front of him.
"Yep"
"What?"
Get updates and keep up with me on twitter @OhHeyyItsAnna
“yes, your honor.” Emily replied as her fingers nervously gripped the podium in front of her.
He walked to his bedroom and began taking off his clothes from the day. As he unbuttoned his dark turquoise shirt, he noticed how his once very prominent ribs seemed to show less, that his abs had some definition to them-no longer deprived of protein. He stood and scrutinized the little bit of weight he had put on since his relationship with John began. I guess everyone is right, when you are in a relationship you get fat. Victor certainly seemed to notice. Sherlock sighed and removed his work pants, replacing them with grey sweats, leaving him top half still bare as he continues to stare into the mirror.
Emily wrapped her arms around him in a hug that Sherlock didn’t return, but he didn’t pull away either. Emily pulled away and scribbled something down on a torn open envelope from last week’s mail, “text me tonight to let me know please.”
Where do I begin? The beginning perhaps. I began writing this story at the tender age of 14. Looking back on things now I realize I was far too young to be reading and writing this kind of thing- but hey, weren't we all? No matter how I may cringe when I look back at the first 15 chapters of this story, it was a much-needed escape for me. (TRIGGER WARNING FOR THIS NEXT PART, SKIP TO THE NEXT ALL CAPS FOR WHEN IT IS OVER!) It has been noted by some readers that I write topic sensitive scenes with a sense a realism that other aspects of my writing does not have. At 14 I was starving to please. Starving to please other people, shrink myself to society standards, to my own standard, to my so-called friends’ standards…in my mind I have suffered with an eating disorder my whole life. At the age of eight I was far from being morbidly overweight, but I willingly and eagerly let myself be placed onto an adult dieting program. Even before that I was restricting myself from certain foods and hating myself when I looked in the mirror. When I came from a tiny religious school (shocking after reading my smut scenes, I know lol) to a public high school of over 2000 people, I was met with even more beautiful people to compare myself to.
Sherlock’s mind flashed back to the night Victor caved his name into his side. Sherlock nearly had to go to the hospital when the blood seemed to just keep coming. After they had broken up he struggled to reach that spot, but when he did he covered it with new slashes, the razor blade tearing through the scar tissue and replacing it with fresh wounds that would hopefully cover the name of the man he was trying so hard to forget. He fought with himself whether to lie or not, taking his clothes off would be the least exposing thing he would do today. “yes.” He unbuttoned his blazer and removed it, passing it back to John who looked moments away from erupting in a fit of rage at the scene unfolding in front of him. Sherlock unbuttoned the black shirt and walked towards the judge, removing his shirt the rest of the way. There were gasps from the jury, some of them probably in reference to all the scars on his back from his time in Serbia, but most of them were in reference to the many deep raised scars that were obviously self-inflicted down Sherlock’s arms.
"You won't" the detective spoke with sincere conviction in his voice.
" YOU ARE AN INSUFFERABLE GIT 99% OF THE TIME SHERLOCK!" John yelled slamming the door to the flat. Sherlock had once again managed to ruin another one of his dates.
"Hmmm"
The shorter man opened his mouth to say something but quickly shut it and look at Sherlock as if saying 'go on'
John leaned close to Sherlock ear, placing a featherlike kiss to it, “ I told you I’m going to make you tired…I want you to ride me”
I BEGAN THIS STORY 5 YEARS AGO (2015) and have recently picked it back up(2020). I would like to think my writing has grown significantly since then and would really like to encourage you to continue reading this story even if it seems subpar until chapter 16. Also, if you wish for me to go back and correct/ add more detail to previous chapters I am open to doing that. Thank you! Lots of love <3
Hello darlings! I hope you all are enjoying this story! I love writing it, please comment and let me know what you think about it! Comments are like crack to me!
"I'll be fine."
"Yes I made chicken piccata, hungry?"
John’s eyebrows furrowed, “what? Of course I’m coming. I’m not going to let you do that without me. Sherlock I know what he did to you-“
"Sherlock lots of grown adults have these sort of struggles too."
"And I you" Sherlock said looking into John’s eyes.
Get updates and keep up with me on twitter @OhHeyyItsAnna
"Physically, fine"
John pulled him behind a building and reached out to place his hand on the right side of Sherlocks waist.
(See the end of the chapter for
"No Sherlock, you did. I'll be out by this evening." John said, the hurt evident in his voice.
“don’t you think I would have told you if it were going to be someone different?” Mycroft hissed.
“did inspector Lestrade know of your previous relationship with the victim and accused?”
He joined his boyfriend under the hot water and let his hands run along the length of Sherlock’s torso. “ I want to give you something.” John said seductively as he moved closer to Sherlock’s neck before sucking a dark redish purple hickey at the very base near his collar bone. “that’s to remind Victor who you belong to.”
John gave his lovers hand a final squeeze before releasing it entirely. The last to enter the court room was the judge. A middle-aged woman with short brown hair, thin lips, and eyes that seemed to pierce through your soul. She smacked her gavel on the podium bringing the court to order. All parties were sworn in and the day that once seemed so far away had begun.
“join me?” Sherlock looked to John who initially was going to protest, having already showered this morning; but this wasn’t about washing away physical filth. He stripped from his clothes and chuckled at Sherlock’s unashamed staring. He tapped Sherlock’s back to get the lanky man to move forward. He slotted himself comfortably behind Sherlock and held the detective tight against his chest. There was nothing sexual about the act, but there was everything intimate about it. A few months ago a moment like this would have seemed impossible, but here it was happening.
“ I cant disclose that.”
Sherlock looked deep into johns’ eyes before pulling him into a deep and passionate kiss. Sherlock didn’t know why he did that- he’s not usually one to initiate but he was overwhelmed with emotion for john and it felt like the right thing to do. John of course kissed back with as much enthusiasm as Sherlock did. He ran his hands up and down the detectives back and was taken by surprise when Sherlock, in one fluid motion, moved himself on top of john to straddle him as they kissed. John made a bold choice to gently nip at sherlocks bottom lip causing the other man to gasp quietly, giving john a perfect amount of time to lick into his lover’s mouth. Sherlock momentarily froze but soon picked back up, matching johns’ motions. John ran his hands over sherlocks chest that was barely covered by his dressing gown. As one of johns warm hands brushed over his nipples Sherlock unintentionally let out a sultry moan that surprised the both of them, “I’m uh, I’m sorry, I didn’t-“Sherlock stuttered  “It’s fine. It’s all fine.” John smiled and began kissing him once more bringing his body even closer to his own. John was still wearing his button down from work, Sherlock began messing with the buttons as they kissed, and john certainly had no intention of stopping him. In a shocking turn of events Sherlock untied the string that was holding together his dressing gown and tossed it to the side after it slid off his shoulders. John couldn’t help but observe that Sherlock was still wearing the same bandage from this morning and that it really should be changed soon. But It could wait a few more minutes. Sherlock had reached the last button of john’s shirt and quickly undid it, exposing his broad toned chest. Sherlock looked lovingly at his partner and began kissing and nipping at his neck making his way down his body. Johns cock twitched as Sherlock moved further down his abdomen but tried to will it to go away, but Sherlock being the observational genius he is already noticed and gave a smug grin in johns direction. Sherlock had begun making his way back up the doctor’s body and teasingly messing with the buckle on johns belt when they heard Mrs. Hudson call up the stairs. Both men sighed and gave a small smile. Sherlock rolled his eyes and muttered “cockblock” causing the both of them to giggle as they redressed.
"Oh okay. Yeah I'll be fine, don't get drunk you know I hate it when you are"
" didn't think you would want to be alone"
"Ah, she seems to be kidnaped although I don't seem to have caught her name. Grant what was it?"
“and how long were you and the defendant romantically involved?”
As soon as the two left the lab Victor got up from the stool. Sherlock was on high alert, every nerve in his body was more hyperaware than ever before and he was struggling to keep his breathing at a normal rate. Victor lazily dragged his hand across Sherlock’s shoulders, “So, Sherlock.” He said emphasizing the last syllable, “it’s been a long time.” Sherlock visibly shivered and directed his attention away from the microscope and willed himself to look directly at Victor’s face. “how have you been?” Victor asked teasingly “Seems to me you’ve been doing rather well. Definitely haven’t been going hungry…” he seethed, and Sherlock’s skin crawled with chills as his stomach churned, desperate to throw up then and there, Sherlock still didn’t reply. Victor brought his hand near Sherlock’s face and it happened, Sherlock couldn’t help but flinch and jerk away. Victor laughed softly and brought his hand back up and caressed one of Sherlock’s dark curls, “it’s been so long since I felt these between my fingers…I’d love to see if you still scream like you used to when I pulled them.” Victor seethed as he moved his face closer to Sherlock’s who pulled his head away and moved off the lab stool so quickly he almost fell. Victor continued smiling and Sherlock took a step back for every step Victor took towards him until Sherlock had stupidly backed himself into a wall. Sherlock cleared his throat, “get away from me.” He said calmly as he straightened his posture. “all these years and you still act like the same wounded puppy you did back then. I’m so disappointed in you, Sherlock.” Victor said inches from the detective’s face. He was almost as tall as Sherlock but not quite, he tilted upwards on his toes and licked the side of Sherlock’s neck who was trembling in paralyzed fear. Victor scoffed, “I’m finished here now, I look forward to seeing much more of you as this case continues. I have a feeling it will for quite some time.” He smiled over his shoulder as he walked out of the lab. Once he was gone Sherlock let himself sink into the corner, he brought his knees to his chest and deep heaving breaths took over his body.
Get updates and keep up with me on twitter @OhHeyyItsAnna
“I know, baby.” John said and Sherlock let out another sob at the pet name. “we will have plenty of time to talk about this when we’ve both had some sleep.”
“too bad.” John grabbed his jaw again, but this time to kiss him with intensity.
Lestrade rubbed his tired eyes that were adorned with visible dark circles, “your being arrested and tried for kidnapping your sister and interfering with evidence.”
"How?"
After their short sightseeing they went to a quaint little place less than a half mile from the tower. It was nice but not over the top. John’s behavior grew increasingly more chivalrous and Sherlock grew increasingly nervous. He knew this was probably a build up to what he offered to happen later tonight…he wanted it still, god knows he wanted it, but a quick fuck this morning would have spared him the traffic of emotions.
“differently.” Sherlock interjected.
“I hope you commit this to memory because I may never say these words again.” Sherlock had John’s attention “I have absolutely no idea what I’m doing.”
"Sherl, I gotta go, I'll be late"
"You deserve it."
Sherlocks eyes fluttered open and he immediately noticed that John was no longer in bed with him which made him frown momentarily. He groaned and rolled onto his back listening to the shower water run from down the hall. He laid in bed for a while taking in the peacefulness of the morning. The water had been running much longer than when John usually took showers… Sherlock gave a small smirk when he realized why John was taking his time. He sat up on the edge of the bed and slid on his house shoes before standing and tying his blue dressing gown around him. Even though last evenings conversation was filled with emotion, Sherlock felt in many ways, relieved, like he was no longer at battle with himself about how to continue with this case. He made his way to the bathroom and slipped in without John noticing. He let his robe fall from his shoulders, removed his shoes and stepped into the shower with John. They had never talked about this before, let alone actually done it but Sherlock highly doubted that John would mind. Just as he suspected, John was facing away from the water and stroking the length of his cock. Sherlock took a breath and reassured himself that everything was okay, and he was safe before he placed his hands on Johns’ shoulders and started kissing down his neck.
“oh save it.” Greg said slamming his hand down on the metal table. “you knew exactly what you were doing…this whole time! Thank god for Sherlock Holmes or else your poor sister would probably be dead, not that you would care.”
It was nearing John’s lunch at the clinic; he was discussing a treatment plan with an older woman with skin cancer when his PA knocked at his door. She opened it and gave an apologetic smile, “Dr. Watson, I’m sorry for the interruption. Could I speak with you a moment?” She announced earning a questioning look from John. He excused himself and followed Sarah back to his office.
John nodded asking Mycroft to proceed.
Get updates and keep up with me on twitter @OhHeyyItsAnna
Alone in Lestrade’s office, Victor was hunched over the stack of paperwork, unaware that none of it was actually needed, while John was silently scrolling through the comments on his latest blog post. John was propped up on Lestrade’s desk, almost directly in front of Victor. It was Victor who broke the silence first, “where’s Sherlock?” he inquired and John boredly answered “back at the flat.” Several more minutes of quiet passed before Victor spoke again “so are you and him a couple?” he asked, catching John’s attention. “uh, yeah.” John replied.  Victor smirked, “for how long?” John blinked a few times to make sure that this was a real conversation he was having, “a few months now, why?” he asked. Victor shrugged and placed a hand on the doctor’s knee, slowly running his fingers up John’s inner thigh, “just curious I suppose. I mean I figured, especially with those bites on his neck, especially the one near his collar bone.” John’s eyes widened; he knew Victor had been at the flat but why had he been close enough to Sherlock to see that love bite. All the confusing events from the past few days raced through his mind: Sherlock moving away from his touch or flinching under his hands, the loop hole in Sherlock’s story- when he came back from coffee with Harry, Sherlock was coming out of their bedroom with the cotton bud he found the evidence on, he said it came from Victor’s shoe but why would Victor have been in their bedroom. John’s blood ran cold. He remembered the wooden stick holding the window closed and the bed stripped of its sheets.
"No don't apologize, you can't help it. I'm glad you told me rather than letting me go further and making you uncomfortable. You did so good baby."
John mentally face palmed. " Greg is Lestrade's name Sherlock."
Back upstairs Sherlock let the tears flow freely. His chest heaved with every sob and he was soon consumed by the feeling of his forearms and thighs burning with the itch to cut them. He fought the thoughts for as long as he could until they won and he caved. He sulked to the bathroom and took the blade he had taped to the top of the cabinet that was under their sink. He sat down on the edge on the tub and exhaled as he drug the blade over the side of his thigh, watching in satisfaction as the drops of blood began to pool at the surface. His mouth turned into a little smile at the feeling he had forgotten he missed so much. He repeated the action three more times, leaving a total of four straight lines of lacerated skin. He relished in the euphoric feeling before the shame took over. He hadn’t done this since the night John had to take him to the hospital…John will be so disappointed. Sherlock accepted the feelings for what they were, and he ran a black washcloth under the warm tap of the tub and he cleaned the blood off his outer thigh until the bleeding came to a stop. He pulled on his loosest pair of pajama pants and grabbed John’s laptop from the living room before going back to his bedroom and propping himself against the headboard and booked their hotel for the next few nights.
I have been in the SHERLOCK fandom since 2013, and in 2015 -when I started writing this- I was at the peak of self destruction. I was passing out in the school bathroom and acting like everything was fine when I got home. I actively self harmed from 2011- spring 2016.
"What about internally"
"Get up, help me fix breakfast." John attempted to lighten the mood
Sherlock laughed coldly sending a puff of smoke into the air above him, " you haven't wanted to kiss me at all lately."
I hope you all like this chapter! The chapter after this one is going to be very very exciting for John and Sherlock!! Stay safe and healthy, lots of love <3
Will you be seeing him today? - SH
They walked off without another word to her
"Want help?" John asked shyly not knowing how Sherlock would respond.
John shook the DI’s hand, “Anytime. If you’re done with me, I’m going to head back home. To my boyfriend. Sherlock.” John stated and the awkward sentence made everyone in the room feel just that…awkward. John waved goodbye and walked out to the cab Lestrade had waiting.
“I understand. When I got to high school, I put myself in therapy, I never told them what had happened- only treated the side effects from it. All these years later and I still go to therapy…everyone’s different but it works for me. I used to flinch or shy away when people would go to touch me. I lived in fear that everyone was ready to hit or kick me. I couldn’t date throughout high school or undergrad because I was unable to make any kind of physical connection with people. I couldn’t hug anyone for years, not friends, not my parents, but slowly things have changed…I’ve gotten better. You experienced some of the same things, haven’t you?” Emily was trying hard to connect with him but all he did was nod.
"May I?" He asked pulling at Sherlocks button down. There was slight hesitation but the detective nodded.
It was then John realized that Greg wasn't looking away because he didn't approve but because he and Sherlock were still naked from the hips up, hair tousled, lips swollen from kissing, and John raging hard. They ran to pull on their shirts and John cleared his throat, " sorry about that Greg."
"Really? I'm not so sure you can. When was the last time you ate?" John said looking into the dark haired man’s eyes.
Get updates and keep up with me on twitter @OhHeyyItsAnna
“No,” Sherlock cut the DI off, “you can’t just ask him, he will know we’re on to him. You have to make him bring it up. Make him talk about it, you can allude to his travels but only touch the surface. We are fucked if he knows that we know that he took her.”
“DAMNIT” John yelled, smashing his fist on the table. Where was he supposed to go? What was he supposed to do? He took a few deep breaths as he quickly put on some clothes. He knew better than to go find an entrance to the catacombs and start looking. He almost began to call Lestrade but stopped, remembering he was probably with Victor. He cringed at the realization that his last two choices were to call Mycroft and face his wrath or wait and hope Sherlock was okay. He dialed Mycroft.
“my bedroom? Why would you- never mind I don’t care. No. you need to leave. Now. I’m done with this; I’m done with you.” Sherlock stood and took Victor’s jacket that was draped over the doorknob and he threw it down the stairs. Victor threw his hands up in a teasing display of defeat and got up from John’s chair and stood in front of Sherlock, “I’ll see you around.”
" john, despite what everyone thinks, I have had sex."
"Home"
"WHY THE HELL DO WANT TO TALK ABOUT IT WHEN MYCROFT ALREADY TOLD YOU THE WHOLE BLOODY STORY!" Sherlock said, his voice close to trembling.
“I don’t, I just have a thing for John Watson.” He said rolling off his lover, back onto his side of the bed.
They answered fine and placed their order. John ordered chicken Parmesan and Sherlock ordered shrimp Alfredo.
"Fine except this hospital is full of idots"
John went downstairs, ordered the food and picked a few movies. Sherlock arrived minutes later In his favorite blue dressing gown and gray pj pants.
The detective placed himself with his back to John’s chest and waited to an arm to be draped over him.
“Alright, no rush. Do you want to go home and order take out or go out to dinner?” John asked, leaning his head lightly on Sherlock’s upper arm.
They packed their suitcases so they would be ready to load into the cab, but first they went back to the hospital to check on Emily and finally retrieve Sherlock’s coat that had been sent off to be cleaned.
By the time John made it up the stairs Sherlock had already started puffing away on a cigarette. John rolled his eyes and sat down in his chair, taking his laptop from its case and doing his usual paperwork as he kept an eye on his detective.
I'm sorry this isn't as long as my other chapters but I hope you all enjoy it, I hope to have chapter 15 up within the next week.
"Don't care, help me fix it." John said flatly.
" another 3 years."
The detective shook his head before cradling himself into John's neck and inhaling deeply. He furrowed his eyebrows when he noticed something poking his hip, he soon realized what it was and was torn between being uncomfortable and wanting to giggle.
“Stop.” The judge interrupted sharply. “ I don’t care about Sherlock right now, I’ve read his case and he will have time to speak his side. I’m only interested in you and your brother right now. Got it?”
Sherlock was mumbling something incoherently into John's shoulder while attempting to straddle him.
“let’s shower. Then we both need to rest.” John stated as he set his boyfriend down on the bathroom counter so that he could adjust the shower tap. John began unbuttoning the buttons that remained on Sherlock’s shirt and slid it off his shoulders, kissing the skin that revealed itself as the fabric slid off. Sherlock’s skin was an array of shades of grey and purple bruises, but where his shirt covered his torso was still the same ivory color John was accustomed to. He helped Sherlock off of the counter and let him remove his trousers and pants as he undressed himself.
Sherlock rolled his eyes, " are you kidding me?" Ms.Hudson looked confused, "mrs, Turners married ones are screaming sexual phrases at the top of their bloody lungs and you get onto us for having a laugh about it?"
The judge walked out from behind her stand, for the first time visibly uncomfortable, “ may I?” she asked and Sherlock nodded, closed his eyes and prayed he wouldn’t flinch at her touch. She ran the fingertip of her index finger over the scars, unable to deny that the letters ‘C’ ‘O’ and ‘r’ were definitely still visible in correct succession beneath the attempt of a coverup. “and you didn’t do it yourself?”
“as you said yourself, my parents left me alone for most of the year with the responsibility to be the sole caretaker of a young child, and a mentally unstable one at that. I tried everything I could to get her to see a doctor or therapist but i couldn’t as I wasn’t given the power of her legal guardian. It would be very easy to think the bruises came from me, but I assure you I would never hurt my little sister. When I moved away, I was relieved to find out she had sought out help and was put on risperidone, an antipsychotic medication. Her behavior improved significantly, and we became very close again. I was so worried for her during these episodes as she often didn’t remember going into them. But lately she stopped taking her medicine and as a med student has had access to prescription drugs… I have reason to believe she has been misusing them. I did go over to her home on the day of her disappearance, and when I used the restroom, I saw empty pill vials and loose pills on the counter, I googled them, and they were oxycodone. It’s true I did leave in a hurry and in anger, but it was because I was so scared for my sister. But when I left, I really did leave. I drove to see my therapist, who I’ve been seeing to help deal with my sorrows about my family life. I spent nearly every day after her disappearance working with New Scotland Yard to help bring her home. Detective Inspector Lestrade and I spent many hours looking for suspects and evidence. It’s unfortunate to be standing where we are, but I’m glad my sister is home and safe.”
"No, I just don't want breakfast today"
“ I can sleep after the trial…hopefully.” Sherlock spit out, his tone so much different from when they had gone to sleep. “ besides I wasn’t sleeping anyway. Better to wallow in self pity by myself than next to you. What time is it?”
He handed Sherlock a box of Thai noodles and sat beside him on the couch. Sherlock had put in secretly one of Johns favorites "the best of me".
“do you have any evidence of these cuts?” she asked looking through the photographs to see if she had missed it.
"I most certainly will, Derek and Michael didn't wake me up. You two did! And Sherlock Holmes don't you even try to blame it on them or bring it up to them if you would like them to respect you when you and John make similar noises!"
"Since you were admitted"
John cleared his throat, “its nearly seven.” Something in him just snapped and he grabbed Sherlock’s bottom jaw between two fingers and bent down to stare into his eyes, “ listen to me. You are not wallowing in self-pity and if you are then snap out it because its not doing you any good. You’re hurt, vulnerable, scared, and even though you have no reason to be-your perhaps a bit ashamed or embarrassed. You’re human Sherlock. I know you hate to lower yourself to such a plebian level but like it or not that’s what you are. You’re not a sociopath and you know it. so it’s time to accept the reality, just for a little bit, that you feel something just like the rest of us. I know I will never be able to imagine what pain you may be feeling right now, and ill give it to you- you’ve done a damn good job of hiding it and passing it off this week. Your diversions don’t work with me anymore, I know you too well.”  He took a breath and released Sherlock’s jaw and crouched to his level, hands place on his knees, “ I love you more than life itself, and ill be damned I stand by and watch you destroy yourself…do you understand what I’m saying?”
Sherlock raised his head a bit and made a tired ‘hmm’ sound.
"Of course. Are you just doing this because you feel bad for what you said," Sherlock said waving his hand gesturing to the general area.
"Big or little? "John asked
"Yeah a bit, it's just- i thought you would never want it."
Get updates and keep up with me on twitter @OhHeyyItsAnna
Greg couldn’t fight his curiosity off any longer, he downed the rest of his scotch and began to look through the drawers. There was an assortment of items, but a dark black velvet box caught his eye.  He opened up the box and saw a large, oddly shaped butt plug with a wire that extended from the base. There was cock ring and a set of nipples clamps that had the same kind of wire attached. “What are these?” he asked into the room. Victor walked out of his attached bathroom brushing his teeth, “what are what?” he mumbled through his toothpaste. “In this black velvet box” Lestrade said and Victor held up a finger, asking him to give him a moment. He spit into the sink and wiped his mouth on the towel before walking to where Greg stood by the cabinet. Victor smiles and took the plug out, “here wrap your hand around it.” Lestrade enclosed the object in his fist, not quite able to wrap his hand all the way around it. It was shaped like tiered squares, the corners rather sharp and defined. Greg could only imagine how unpleasant it was to have inside your body. “this set is one of my favorite things I own. I had it custom made my first year of university when I was dating s-…some bloke. “Victor pressed a button on the remote and Greg yelped and dropped the plug as an electric current shot through his hand. “damn, that hurt. You could have just told me what it did.” Greg reprimanded. Victor smiled, “it’s always better to experience. Plus, now I can spend all evening trying to make it up to you.” He said as he took Greg’s hand, he had just shocked and rested it on his ass that was only covered by his tight red briefs. Greg gave his ass a slight squeeze, “I feel bad for the guy who experienced that.” He laughed and Victor join in “he’s fine. plus, that was only the first level.” Greg’s eyes went wide, “how many levels are there? That, seriously, was painful.” Victor smirked, “ten. Now, let’s go to bed-I don’t want to be tired on our trip.” Greg shook his head and put the toys back before climbing into bed and wrapping his arms around Victor, drifting into a dreamless sleep.
John didn’t reply, only let out a frustrated breath that was cut short when Sherlock suddenly pressed his mouth to John’s for a split second before taking John’s bottom lip between his and pulling off of it. “Later, though. I promise,” Sherlock’s deep baritone voice rang in John’s ears as he stood still in a slight state of shock. He picked up his tea and took a few sips as Sherlock continued organizing. “Hmpf,” he sounded “tease,” He said only half serious as he sat in his chair and caught the smile Sherlock tried to keep to himself.
" I thought we had established I'm not everyone."
The line went dead and John ran out to get a cab. He paid extra to get there quicker. When he arrived at 221b he threw money at the cab and ran up the steps.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Stay here for a few minutes and watch the news, figure out where the explosion was and let’s head near the street. We don’t even know if he was near that part, try to keep your head up. I’m gonna go deal with Victor and I’ll sneak away as soon I can, alright?” Lestrade mustered up his best brave face and voice of reason “don’t do anything stupid.” And with that the DI left.
They began walking to Baker Street when John shivered and Sherlock quickly took off his coat and wrapped it over Johns shoulders.
John sighed and readjusted himself and went back to playing with Sherlocks hair.
OH MY GOSH!! I am genuinely in shock and overjoyed that this story has reached over 7000 hits. Thank you to everyone who has taken time to read even just one of these chapters and for supporting my writing. I hope you all enjoy this chapter! The next chapter will definitely be more content based than the last two chapters, but i don't want to rush this story and don't want to skip over important character development points.
Sherlocked huffed a small laugh, “I’ll come back tomorrow too.”
I don’t know how much you know about me or how I know Sherlock or even the circumstances surrounding the situation, but I used to know him very well. I’m glad you found each other.” She smiled at John and he stepped closer to her bed. “may I?” he asked before Emily nodded in approval for him to sit on the end of the bed. “thank you, it means a lot to hear you say that. Sherlock talks about you very fondly. I know about your brother and Sherlock and the… abuse. I’m glad you’re okay, by the way. Sherlock and I haven’t gotten to talk much about the case yet, was it Victor who took you?” John asked as he observed the different machines monitoring Emily’s vitals. Emily nodded, a sad expression taking over her face- John noticed and quickly changed the topic. “it’s a bit strange being in a hospital and not the one tending to patients.” He said attempting to hold conversation until Sherlock returned. Emily looked up quickly, “are you a doctor?”
"Always."
John moved thought the house and them finally to the kids.
Get updates and keep up with me on twitter @OhHeyyItsAnna
“no, no- the part of the catacombs that is able to be accessed by the public is so minuscule in comparison to how many secret passageways and tunnels can be entered by waterways, manholes, holes in the grounds- the possibilities are endless. There are over 200 miles of tunnels and caverns.” Sherlock explained, pacing back and forth.
Hi friends! I promise a new chapter is in the works and coming your way! It's finals week for me right now so I've got to stay focused on that at the moment, but after that I'm all yours :) I just wanted to let you know that I have created a twitter for my writing and interacting with you all ( if you would ever want to lol)! I will be posting life updates, chapter updates, and just random things to i enjoy on there to hopefully build a better connection with my readers and keep them informed! I am also so INCREDIBLY excited for you all to (hopefully) read the new Johnlock story i've been working on, Suddenly All the Songs Were About You, being released on January 15,2021! I hope you all are doing well! If you have finals coming up i wish you the best of luck and believe in you!
John moved his hand as quick as if Sherlocks waist had been a hot stove. "Sorry, what's wrong"
I BEGAN THIS STORY 5 YEARS AGO (2015) and have recently picked it back up(2020). I would like to think my writing has grown significantly since then and would really like to encourage you to continue reading this story even if it seems subpar until chapter 16. Also, if you wish for me to go back and correct/ add more detail to previous chapters I am open to doing that. Thank you! Lots of love <3
They walked out side and stood for a moment before either of them spoke.  It was John who broke the silence, " thank you for tonight"
John looked up at the over excited man in his room "A whole family has been killed and you're excited?"
"That i love you"
Sherlock put the kettle on and began organizing the papers he had spread out on his desk. John emerged from the upstairs just as the kettle whistled. He took it off the stove and prepared his and Sherlock’s tea, setting the taller man’s cuppa on the kitchen table. John stood and gently blew on the surface of the hot liquid as he took in the scenery of the morning. Traffic could be heard faintly starting to move outside, but the flat was mostly quiet. The doctor stood to Sherlock’s side and wrapped his arms around his lover who couldn’t be bothered to get dressed yet. The dark blue silk gown hung from Sherlock’s shoulders and exposed well over half of his pale chest. John ran one of his hands over the exposed skin, catching Sherlock’s attention. The detective leaned over to kiss John languidly. Their eyes closed as they absorbed the love shared between them. Sherlock took the cup of tea from John’s hands and set it on the desk, still not breaking their kiss. With his now free hands John pulled Sherlock’s body closer to his own and admired the soft fabric that covered his boyfriend’s long and smooth body.
"What? Of course I want the truth" John stated.
Hello everyone! I want to apologize for the long unplanned break between chapters. I have had some things come up in my personal life that have put me in an emotional place where i haven't felt like writing.  I worked incredibly hard on this chapter and i really really hope you all like it. Thank you so much for reading and your sweet comments, they really do mean so much to me. Lots of love...
He just shrugged.
"No I should be here when he wa-"
Just as Sherlock was about to begin his statement the judge spoke into the microphone, “Mr. Holmes, what is your relationship to the plaintiff, Emily Trevor?”
"I'm going to try and sleep, you should too,love."
Emily fought with herself on whether to say what she wanted, but given their current situation there wasn’t much room for being delicate. “who do you think became your replacement after you left?” she couldn’t bring herself to look Sherlock in the eye, if he was even still looking at her. “ when you left he had no one to manipulate and abuse, all his friends left him- they refused to let him take his anger out on them. He needed someone who couldn’t or wouldn’t leave, and someone naive enough to not make a fuss out of it. I guess I was the next best thing to you. It started out him grabbing me a little too hard, jokingly hitting me with enough force to leave bruises…and it just grew and grew until I was lying to teachers, school nurses, my friends’ parents. I was lying to everyone, including myself. It was just easier to deny that he was abusive and make excuses for why I deserved it or that he didn’t mean to hit me that hard. He’s my brother and despite everything I love him and never wanted anything bad to happen to him. I’m sure you understand that, in a way.”
"It's 4 things sherlock, I know you can handle it. If you want to send Mycroft flowers I'm sure he would appreciate them. Okay I need to go" John dropped a kiss to sherlocks head and made his way down the steps, then left.
"Don't you dare call them" Sherlock was yelling with what little strength he had.
He stood from John’s chair and made his way to join his lover on the couch. John had his glasses on and Sherlock couldn’t help but smirk at how attractive he found his partner in them. John looked up over the rim and gave a small smile, “welcome back” he teased cautiously, setting his laptop on the coffee table to make room for Sherlock in his lap. Sherlock laid down, letting his head come to rest on John’s thighs. “ I saved you a plate, it’s in the fridge; I can heat it up for you if you’d like.” John offered as he ran his fingers through Sherlock’s hair. Sherlock shook his head, much to the other man’s displeasure.
"Shut up and tell us where Greg is." John cut in, obviously getting frustrated with Sally's insults.
Hello everyone! I want to apologize for the long unplanned break between chapters. I have had some things come up in my personal life that have put me in an emotional place where i haven't felt like writing.  I worked incredibly hard on this chapter and i really really hope you all like it. Thank you so much for reading and your sweet comments, they really do mean so much to me. Lots of love...
"Please don't touch me right now"
“How’s your day going, my love? -“ JW
The morning passed being rather uneventful, Sherlock spent most of his time catching up on recording the results of his bacteria garden.
John couldn’t say anything, he barely managed to nod his head.
"I'm not good at relationships John. I've never been in one, i don't know what to do."
He fixed chicken piccata and had it ready just before John arrived. When he heard their door open he quickly went down the steps to greet John. He kissed him and said happy anniversary against his lips. The shorter man smiled and said the same.
"Sherlock, I saw it the day you hurt your head. Believe me it's nothing to be ashamed of. Every one of your skin cells is absolutely beautiful."
“it’s alright.” Sherlock reassured him and looked at him closely, “What did Victor say to you?”
" oh, as long as we are just talking I suppose that's fine. Erm, I know your wanting to talk about sex but what about it?"
Emily sat on the back end of an ambulance, an orange blanket wrapped around her, as she watched the scene unfold in front of her.  She smiled as she watched the two reunite, the raw and genuine emotion evident.
“I’m not here to see Lestrade. I need to speak with sergeant Bradshaw.” He interrupted. The receptionist just nodded and pick up her phone.
Sherlock almost couldn’t bring himself to look at John, for fear of how he may be looking at him. Ultimately, he looked at John who had tears brimming his eyes, a sight he rarely saw. Sherlock’s chest felt tight and he wanted so badly to leave the flat and escape the situation. “John, I’m sorry. I should have told you. I didn’t want you to worry or do something that could compromise this investigation. if and when we prove him guilty, he will be out of our lives for a very long time. I wanted to tell you. I just couldn’t make myself do it.” Sherlock said submissively.
John nodded and hailed a cab.
The judges eyebrows raised, “you bring up an interesting point, Mr. Holmes; it will be taken into consideration.”
Johns eyes went wide at the fact that Sherlock had even had a previous relationship.
"It matters because if you don't eat your going to die!" John was almost shouting.
"Where are you going?!"
"Yes John"
“excuse me?”
"Sherlock, I have to pee" John said in an amused tone.
He picked up his dying flashlight and put in his last fresh battery. When he could see again, he and Emily were both covered in the powdery fragments of the tunnels, black soot littered their skin. They were reminiscent of coal miners after a long day’s work. Sherlock gathered their bags, remembering to take the small one Emily had with her. “ we are going to walk in the direction of the blast.”
Not long after John had gone to work, Sherlock went to NSY. His hands were clammy with nerves and he felt like the smallest being in the universe. He pulled open the large glass doors to the lobby and was greeted by the same receptionist who had been there since his early twenties. She mustered up a fake smile, “good morning, Sherlock, detective inspector Lestrade is out right now-”
“you are awfully concerned about me and our past relationship for someone who’s sister was just abducted and taken god knows where.” Sherlock said not responding to any of what Victor wanted him to.
"Family friends"
Stay healthy and safe,
John laughed "I'm being serious, you want them?"
Well my loves... this is it. The final chapter of Starving to Please. I hope with all my heart that you like it and feel a sense of peace and closure with how it ends. PLEASE READ THE NEXT 'CHAPTER' FOR A SUPER SAPPY LETTER FROM ME TO YOU AND A FEW UPDATES FOR WHAT I HAVE PLANNED GOING FORWARD! Without further ado....
"Love?" When he didn't get a response he jus kept speaking. " we still have to go help Greg, at 11, after you get out why don't we try and go back to sleep for an hour or so?"
Sherlock had only just lowered his violin when his mother wrapped him in her arms. He could feel tears beginning to seep through his shirt where her head rested near the center of his chest. She sobbed and held him tighter, with pleas of “I’m sorry I didn’t protect you” and “how could I have not known.” being spoken into the fabric. He let his chin come to rest on the crown of her head and moved his eyes to look towards the ceiling so that tears might not fall. Under any other circumstance he would be annoyed by the affection and spontaneous drop in, but even he with his lack of emotional detection could tell how deeply hurt his mother was. He dropped a kiss to her head and whispered affirmations that nothing about the situation was her fault and she should feel no blame. John and Mr. Holmes watched the scene unfold from the doorway, and when Sherlock’s mother finally released him from her hold, his father stepped closer to him. The tension in the room grew tangible and it was evident that his father was struggling with both what to say and how to act. It was an expected reaction from his mother, but the relationship between a father and son is different.
"Really?"
At the end of May, my 4 1/2-year relationship with my first boyfriend and first love came to a pretty heart wrenching end. I have struggled far more than I’d like to admit and far more than even those closest to me know. I’ve persisted pretty well through the breakup but there are some extenuating circumstances around it that have impacted me much more than the ending of our relationship. however, far more difficult than the breakup- I have been mentally slipping into a very dark place lately, returning to old habits I thought I had long overcome. My heart is broken, but more prominently is how I feel broken, lost, and so very unhappy. When I began this story all those years ago, it became a coping mechanism for me- an outlet that provided a distraction and relief. as you may have noticed from some of my replies to comments, this story is so much more to me than an interesting plot and a blossoming romance between two characters I adore. This story has its moments of sunshine but is overarchingly very dark and deals with heavy subject matter, but even heavier emotions that come along with it. At this moment, in the headspace I am in as of lately, writing this story feels toxic to my mental health and wellbeing. Equally as important, I want to give YOU, my readers, a story worth reading. There are only a few chapters left to this story and I want them to be amazing and fulfilling for me as a writer and for you all as my readers. I don’t want them to be half-assed filler chapters or rushed. whether you think this story sucks or if you love it, it deserves a proper ending. THAT BEING SAID: I promise I am not going on another five-year hiatus haha. I am going to give myself ONE MONTH of not worrying about updating or writing this story, reevaluate, and then hopefully finish it! It honestly breaks my heart to take a break, but I think it’s the mature and best thing for me to do. I really hope you all will still be here when I return.
