– for another call from Mycroft, telling me there’s nothing new (“He’s alive. If he wasn’t, I’d know.”), for a sign that Sherlock is alright, for a message saying that the plan is working. I’ve got a second mobile now, a sleek, expensive-looking one that only ever gets calls from Mycroft. Molly has dubbed it the MYphone, and by now I’ve proceeded to call it that inside my head as well.
He hears his own name, spoken so softly by the voice he loves so much, and suddenly John realises why Sherlock didn’t tell him. Why he
Sherlock smiles at him again, and this time it’s loving and genuine.
Sherlock’s first impulse is to hide behind the curtain, but that would be ridiculous. John’s eyes have found the window already; there would be no point.
John smirks and bends down for another kiss.
“Give me,” I murmur, and he scoops up some more of the jelly and our fingers entwine for a quick, seductive dance before he lets go again and wipes the remnants of the salve on his thigh. “I’ll take it from here,” I tell him and, laying a hot kiss against the back of his leg, finally breach his rim to let my middle finger slip inside.
And then he bends down for a thorough kiss that turns sloppy when he starts to move again, faster this time, and harder,
They do not talk.
) and wraps it up and hides it away deep down inside his heart, in the place where he stores his most treasured memories, determined not to let it fade. However silly, however irrational or shameful clinging on to this may be – he's going to keep this. Just this one.
John beams at him. “You will?”
still.
He jerks in my arms, then moans lowly and obeys, and I reach down to find his manhood, which is trapped between his thigh and the mattress, leaking freely, already having left a considerable stain on the sheets.
“A woman tried to kiss me today, and for a second I wanted her to. Because you’re not here, and because I sometimes get angry at you for things you didn’t do, but almost did.”
. I’ll stay at home and have a nice hot cuppa while you throw yourself off a damn hospital.
"I've always belonged to you," Sherlock whispers into the damp space between their faces. "From that very first day. Even if I needed some time to figure it out."
She’s breathing quickly, apparently fighting to keep herself together.
When he’s satisfied that his right hand is as prepared as it’s going to get, he uses his left to caress Sherlock’s abdomen.
He licks his lips, looking subtly proud of himself.
a few mornings ago…” he murmurs throatily. “And I’m hungry for you, John…
But not today. Today he needs to rest, and John has to grin when he thinks back to what happened yesterday afternoon (twice, and in two different beds) and last night (unplanned, on the couch, and really quietly, with Rosie sleeping in her cot only a thin ceiling away), and a juvenile kind of pride fills him –
John almost died today.
has ever felt this right. I love you. I’ve loved you all this time. I see that now - I regret not seeing it sooner. No one could ever convince me otherwise.”
, Watson. However, I believe the winner has to clear the table. Apologies, but that’s the rule.”
“Sherlock, love, what’s wrong?” I’m fully awake now, and worried out of my mind. “Tell me, Sherlock, come on.”
John despised him so much right then that it still gives him a perverted thrill of pleasure to remember it. His ramblings, the way he flailed, scalpel in hand, high as a kite. His crazy eyes. It riled him up, and he wanted him to stop.
Mrs Hudson's prediction came true a few days later. John came back and helped him to sort out the flat, and when they were finished, they took on a case, and then another one, and after that one had been solved, Sherlock, still high on the chase, asked John to move back in.
"And tomorrow," he says, barely audibly.
He thinks he could probably get an erection thinking about those eyes, and briefly debates going to the bathroom and try, but then doesn't. He's scared that the release he's hoping for will only make it worse.
“Why are you saying this?” John asks.
They lie still, tangled up in each other, filling their lungs with large gulps of air that aren't enough to quench their thirst for oxygen, eyes closed, hearts hammering in unison against each other through multiple layers of flesh and bone.
"It'll be alright," John repeats, and despite himself, Sherlock believes him.
He hasn't done this in such a long time.
I make to turn away, but his hands come up to grab my shoulders to hold me back.
Sherlock shrugs, trying to get rid of the feeling of unease and embarrassment coiling in his muscles. "Nothing. Sentiment. Never mind."
Time stops for what feels like several days.
Sherlock reaches out and caresses the side of his face, his fingertips tracing his brow and the shell of his ear, making him shiver. The soft touch feels familiar, and the sensation calms John down a little.
Frozen in place, Sherlock watches John leave, and listens.
“A toe.”
"John," I sigh.
He smiles and pulls me closer to kiss my temple, then lays his head down on my shoulder.
– it’s not superficial, and afterwards I feel better. But this condensed form of communication doesn’t quench my longing for ordinary, everyday interaction. We don’t eat together, and we don’t fall asleep listening to each other’s breathing. He’s not really a part of my life right now, even though I feel him in every fibre of my being, all the time. He’s like a constant ache sitting behind my ribs, somewhere in the vicinity of my heart.
"Well done, then."
me do, and… it drives me insane to know that this is his victory over me. He didn’t manage to kill you, or one of the others, which is all I’ve ever wanted. But he’s won over me, because this is affecting me in a way I couldn’t have predicted. I keep falling, and it tires me so to get up again. I thought I was… stronger.”
“You did. It was awesome.”
asked him if he was alright. Not once. I asked about his physical wellbeing, yes, but I never considered the possibility that his soul might be suffering, too. I’d be a sorry excuse for a friend, and the fact that we’re supposed to be so much
. It sounds slightly hysterical.
“Thanks, Sherlock…”
"Good morning. Did you sleep well?"
When the sound of her steps has died away, Holmes and I look at each other. His pale cheeks have turned even whiter than usual, the beautiful flush of ecstasy already gone and almost forgotten in the face of this narrow escape from being caught red-handed by our landlady - and, even worse, a potential client.
“Sherlock,” he whispers.
"Don't stop," he breathes.
… the best orgasm of my life…”
“Mmhhh, that was nice, yes… John… Close your eyes now… I’ll take care of you… I’m kissing down your ribs, your abdomen… Your skin is so
I put my hand on the side of his jaw, caress his sweet rosebud lips with the pad of my thumb.
Rosie wraps one arm around Sherlock’s as the other holds onto her ice cream, and John simply leans back and watches them.
Sherlock holds up a file and I take it, my fingers brushing his, causing my heart to stutter. I glance at the newspaper snippets attached to the folder.
"No," he says, even though he has no idea how they'll get out of this alive. "No. Please. John."
"Good?" John asks, pushing in deeper, a bit faster than before, and Sherlock nods emphatically, causing their noses to bump against each other.
“It didn’t, Holmes.” I try to speak gently, perplexed by this uncharacteristic outburst. In all the years I have known my friend, I have never seen him lose his composure this completely. “The only casualty are my favourite trousers - that bullet and your pocket knife saw to that. You do not have to blame yourself for anything. It was my decision to come along on the adventure, and I knew about the dangers it might pose. It may have been a close call, but I’ll recover. We’ll be more careful next time. You don’t have to forgive yourself anything. There’s nothing to forgive.”
They stay like that for a few endless minutes, their bodies almost pressing against each other, but not quite. It's delicious torture to John. He knows it's just a game; he knows he should stop and get some distance between them
His shirt comes off first. He's naked underneath, all smooth, golden skin and firm muscles. His sun-shaped scar is clearly visible against his otherwise unblemished torso. His stomach is flat, his arms defined, his whole physique still showing that he used to rely on his body being fit and ready to fight at a moment's notice in the past. There's a trail of wispy curls starting at his navel and vanishing into the waistband of his faded jeans. He's glowing in the dim light, all his angles accentuated, inviting me to touch, to taste, to explore.
Sherlock exhales through his nose, and there are tears in his eyes now. Mrs Hudson gets up and wraps her arms around him, unaware of his wounds, and he flinches. She backs off immediately.
I hurt you too, John. And what I did to you was worse.”
"Yes," he whispers.
He licks along the shell of my ear, his hands running up and down my chest and abdomen, his fingernails scraping along my ribs, my nipples, leaving a prickling trail of sensitivity in their wake.
" John retorts.
“Right. Inspiration?”
touch the fly of my jeans. “So…
“I’m so in love with you, John. Of course I am. I’m sorry about what I said at the clinic. I didn’t think,” he mumbles, looking at his feet. “Trying to build a relationship on one hour of great sex and two years of sporadic phone calls and expecting it to go smoothly was probably a little utopian. But I want it to work. You’re my all, John. I couldn’t be without you.”
He smiles a little, and it looks so lovely that I want to kiss him all over again. I don't, for the time being, since I'm not sure yet where this will lead. Does Sherlock have… sex? I always thought he was above such mundane, irrational things.
, and then they're kissing, and he closes his lids and pulls at the Belstaff and feels the fingers of their joined hands entwine.
When John wakes up, his head hurts. A lot. Is he hungover? Where is he, and what the hell happened?
John is confused. Why would he feel guilty for something that happened to Sherlock while he was gone? Sherlock presses his lips together tightly and, with an abrupt movement that shows that he has to force himself to do it, lets go of John’s wrists. He swiftly turns around and shrugs off his shirt.
He's so exhausted. He can't quite meet his gaze, can't pretend the way he usually does. So he just nods. The prospect of imminent delivery from his demons flickers and vanishes into thin air in front of his inner eye, and he has to clench his jaw not to scream. He needs it now. There's no other way. He
He wants him.
To my astonishment, she nods sympathetically.
“Sherlock?”
be a dream, then. Sherlock doesn't say sorry. He doesn't look like that, either, eyes all glassy, flushed cheekbones, trembling hands. This is not Sherlock.
"I really, really want to go down on you," he whispers. "I love your cock… I want to take it into my mouth and taste it. I know it'll taste
Whenever it's John's turn to watch him, Sherlock tries to get a few hits into himself beforehand, just to take off the edge. If he doesn't, the memories are too much, still too fresh, and he can't handle them yet.
The way he broke down last night opened my eyes to the fact that I’ve been behaving like a childish, self-absorbed git.
"Good, Sherlock. That's good."
“Oh dear,” he grumbles and swallows against the nausea thickening in his throat.
"Ssshhh… Sherlock. I know. I--- I feel the same."
), to put in the fridge and eat later, after they've done all the things John's been thinking of ever since their lips touched for the first time.
“Did you get tested after--- after Serbia?” I ask him and brush his jaw with my lips.
“Mmhhh, baby… You should see yourself now… You’re gorgeous…” I tell him and hold my fingers inside him, pressing against his sweet spot and massaging it with slow, circular motions.
John is perfectly aware of the fact that this is supposed to rile him up, but it also gives him ideas. This place is old and empty and dusty and yes, a little creepy as well, but the furniture is still there. Which means there might be a bed somewhere, or a couch, or an upholstered chair. Something soft. Something with a blanket. He squares his shoulders and looks at his friend.
"I started it, didn't I? No need for you to be sorry."
John washing the dishes, Sherlock drying them. Sharing tomato-flavoured kisses while leaning against the sink.
He thinks about taking her hand in his, but refrains from doing so. It's too early for that, and he doesn't want to scare her off again. He also couldn't bear being rejected.
Sherlock huffs, then clears his throat.
John is glad that they're almost back to normal by now.
“John… I’ll miss you
It's just because of the date, he tells himself. Tomorrow he'll be back to normal.
sorry, okay? I didn't think it through. I didn't mean to offend you!"
him. I'm sorry!"
Sherlock breathes an open-mouthed sigh against his Adam’s apple and does it again, harder this time, and then again, and again. John stops thinking. From far away, he hears himself moan in time with Sherlock's slow, but forceful rhythm, and also, a little more clearly, his friend's voice, his beautiful deep groans of effort and lust. He’s alight with pleasure, more than he's ever been before.
Sherlock squints at him, seemingly trying to focus, but giving up right away. John is glad that he’s taken the sticky note off his forehead. He’s close to a hysterical fit of laughter as it is. Spending this night with his friend has made him happier than anything has done in a long time, and he’s been feeling the relief over their healing relationship bubbling inside himself for hours now. It’s only a question of time until it comes to the surface. Who knows. He might hug Sherlock or do something equally out of bounds, and then what?
It all happens so quickly.
He feels disoriented and it takes him a while to figure out what happened and why he's naked under the duvet and why the air around him smells like sweat and sex and
“Yes…” he breathes. “And--- your cock, John.”
"I’m happy for you," she says and smiles warmly. The laughter lines around her eyes are crinkling, but they can't hide the slight hint of apprehension in her gaze. "I’ve always hoped this day would eventually come. In fact… I think I knew it would."
He can't speak.
“What are you talking about? What happened, Sherlock? Why--- Why didn’t you ever tell me?”
"I never wanted to be a father," John says. "I'm still not sure I'm a good one."
"Yeah," he answers. "Thanks for--- drying them for me." He bites his lip then and closes his eyes, shaking his head. "
for this? Is this how you pay us back for trying to
And Sherlock is a marvel. I’m flabbergasted by his epiphany as to Moriarty’s message, and seeing him tap out the long sequence of binary code he planted in his brain when he visited him after the trial felt almost unreal. I’ve lived with him for so long, but watching him demonstrate his remarkable skills is still something that amazes me beyond belief.
“I know,” John answers. “Or well… I guessed it. But the way you kiss, Sherlock… I think you’re doing great on your own there.” He grins softly and runs his nails down Sherlock’s scalp until he reaches the nape of his neck. “You couldn’t get any more gorgeous,” he adds.
He frowns, but his mouth is still smiling.
His tears have dried up, it seems. He sounds tired and empty now. Sherlock doesn't know what's worse.
He might as well ask, then.
“I can still feel you inside of me,” I whisper into his mouth. “It’s the closest I’ve ever been to anybody. I’ll always feel you there, no matter how long we’ll be apart. Always.”
It’s more beautiful than John could ever have imagined.
--- an
I just nod.
flat again that I've allowed myself to cease to monitor his every move, which is, on the one hand, a great relief.
He's not what? Lovable? Handsome? Even
"Are you--- okay?" Sherlock asks again, breathlessly. "
purple shirt.
“Oh, God—” Sherlock chokes out hoarsely. “
Sherlock can't help but jerk at the sound breaking the silence around them, thus giving away that he's awake, and so he slowly opens his lids and looks at the other man.
“He is. He won’t be able to contact us for a while, but he says not to worry. Everything is still progressing according to plan – it’s just taking a little longer than we anticipated.”
We stay like that for a while, our breathing evening out, our hearts beating together.
He tells him what Mary said when he told her he wanted to leave, and Sherlock looks away then, his jaw tense. John knows he feels guilty for hurting her.
-hoh," John gasps, and it sounds like a small sob.
I’m so close already.
I put my hand over his and caress his knuckles with the pad of my thumb.
John smiles and cups the side of Sherlock’s face with his right hand, then pulls him into a long, tender kiss. It’s chaste, just lips on lips, but Sherlock’s heart stumbles nonetheless. When they part again, John’s pupils have widened to an extent that makes his ocean-blue eyes look almost black.
turn...” he says as he smiles a wicked, but insanely alluring smile.
“I’ll talk to Mary tomorrow,” he says, holding Sherlock’s inscrutable gaze. “I--- I wish we’d done this sooner, Sherlock. I wish---”
“Gorgeous,” he says as he pops open the first button of Sherlock’s shirt, the purple fabric making a whispering sound as it slides against his fingers. “My sweet, lovely man.” Another button, and another one. Sherlock’s chest rises and falls beneath his hands, warm and alive and
He rolls on his side and pulls me close, and I bury my fingers in his hair and press my forehead against his.
Up and down I bob, faster and faster, with him guiding me more and more vehemently, and then his rhythm turns erratic and his legs twitch against my sides.
He knew it would come in handy one day. He purchased an assortment of his favourite distractions a while ago, on a day which proved to be particularly trying with regards to the wedding preparations. Billy was rather surprised to see him again, but he did his job, and now Sherlock is glad he's planned ahead.
He sobs out a strangled groan. His hips buck forwards and he rubs himself against the side of the bed, whining in frustration when it doesn't give him the friction he needs.
“Sherlock, we could really use your help here,” Greg says, exasperation palpable in his tone.
John just nods.
John tenses and then pushes himself up, first onto his elbows, then onto his hands, and then he slowly pulls out of Sherlock and sits up, wincing as he stretches his back.
Trying to breathe, and failing.
“I’m--- I’m jealous, I think,” he says lowly. “I was very jealous last night. It confused me. I’ve been jealous of your girlfriends before, but that was different. You didn’t… belong to me back then.”
John bites his lip, hard, and another streak of Cowper's fluid hits Sherlock palate. Sherlock is impressed that he still manages to keep his eyes open and fixed on him - he seems so far gone already.
I pull him in for a deliberately unhurried kiss, and as he kisses back I can feel him relax into it, his arms wrapping themselves around my waist, his thigh slipping between my legs to press me even harder against the door. He is radiating so much body heat that I am beginning to sweat, so it comes as a welcome relief when he finally reaches for the buttons of my shirt and fumbles with them, his hands trapped between our bodies.
John smiles and claps his hand together.
I grip his shoulder and shake him.
We eat. He’s not speaking much in between bites, and as I watch him chew and go
Sherlock walks towards him, looking him straight in the eye, and, as always, a shiver runs down John’s spine. It’s been over a year since they took the step from being friends to being more, being
face, that it takes him a while to identify it. It's helpless agony. "Where's John?" he repeats. Panic settles in his chest. "
They look at each other for a moment, completely motionless. Then Lily huffs out a short, sympathetic laugh.
and praised his scent, his taste, his
“I made a mess of the other one.”
“Oh fuck,” I pant when he finds my prostate and brushes it lightly with the pad of his finger. “Oh
"I love you," John repeats hoarsely, and, after trembling through the aftershocks, eventually slows down and then stops moving. "Sherlock… I love you so much. You're---
Sherlock shrugs and shakes his head.
“I mean it… You’re so passionate, so adventurous… so different from what I expected you to be. You turn my world around when we’re together like this, Sherlock. You take my breath away. You make me see stars. You---”
Mrs Hudson and I both stare at him at that, and he fidgets with his napkin and looks back at us with an air of confusion.
"Would you like a cup of tea?" he asks.
And Lestrade.
“John,” Sherlock begs, voice trembling.
Then Sherlock speaks again.
I shake my head.
Before I realise that it’s exactly what I want, what I
“I know,” John says, his nose brushing against Sherlock’s. “And I will support any decision you make. But Rosie is going to be happy with you no matter what. You truly are her hero, you know that?”
, John?" Mycroft insisted, and John knew it was no use. "I'll die," he whispered. His teeth began to chatter then, and his head cleared enough to make the realisation hurt. "I'll die," he repeated, and then he opened his lids to look at the man holding him up. The hands gripping him loosened their hold then, and Mycroft switched off the water and sighed. He looked very, very old. "Glad we're on the same page. Now
“Do you want to get cleaned up a bit?” he asks him lowly. “Before you fall asleep there?”
He finds what he's looking for and finally has to let go of Sherlock to open the bottle and slick up his fingers, and as soon as he has moved between Sherlock's legs and put one of them on his left shoulder to give him better access to the place he needs to reach, it somehow becomes easier. The way Sherlock keeps looking at him is another level of sex in itself, and he administers a gentle bite to his calf, soothes the spot with a kiss afterwards, and then slips his fingers between his cheeks to circle his entrance.
"Don't you
Has he moved on? And how much?
This seems to be quite a stretch, even for someone as possessive as John. Sherlock feels his patience falter.
"Yeah. I'll call you about Friday."
“Trying,” he sighs.
It should have been him, really, before Sherlock. There are twelve years between them, so it would have been only natural for John to have to go first. Parkinson's disease and the mild stroke he suffered at the age of seventy-one have robbed him of the steady hand he used to be so proud of in the past, but the deterioration of his nervous system has been progressing more or less slowly so far and hasn't affected his everyday life all too much yet. He just keeps getting older, and his hands keep shaking a little more each year, while Sherlock is fading away before his very eyes. He's got enough energy left to support Sherlock, now that he can hardly keep himself upright most of the time, but before the day they got the diagnosis, he'd always thought it would be he who'd wither first, lose his muscle strength, his coordination, his mind.
of semen meeting skin amidst Sherlock's deep, throaty moans, and it's the most sensual combination of sounds he's ever been lucky enough to witness. And then a small streak of wetness hits him in the cheek and runs down to the corner of his mouth, burning like lava on his over-sensitive skin, and his tongue sneaks out to catch it, taste it, memorise Sherlock's essence, bitter and salty and perfect,
“Ye-esss,” he then slurs around a mouthful of fabric. “
John talks over the howling and rumbling of the thunderstorm raging outside and makes a half-arsed attempt to keep his annoyance from showing in his tone, but gives up right away. He's furious with Sherlock, and he's cold, and hungry, and fed up with the weather and this place and the day in general.
"Well, I went along with it."
is still echoing in the back of his head, and he wants to punch him for it. And, what's more, he's sure there were
I look at my shoes, then back at Molly, and then at Sherlock. I feel uncomfortable, because I know that that’s probably not the whole truth. I’m sure she
"Good?" John asks into Sherlock's ear once they're settled.
Sherlock shakes his head with vehemence.
“Hmmm…” he hums and deepens the kiss, happy when Sherlock follows along and digs his fingers into his shoulders as if he never wanted to let go again.
"Fu-uck," he moans, almost as if in pain. "Sh--- ah---
He ends the call before I can reply.
moving now, falling into a fast, primal rhythm of back and forth, and as I grind against him like that, rutting like an animal, I feel the last traces of my inhibitions slip away.
A small sigh quite close to his ear startles him out of his musings and he feels the solid weight and warmth of another body shift closer to his own.
"God,
"Oh," John rasps. "Alright."
John's heart breaks at that, but he's also angry. So angry.
John closes his eyes as Sherlock unbuttons his trousers and pulls his boxers down until he can free his penis from the confinement of his clothes, and he feels his fingers tremble when he wraps them around his length to give him a first, careful stroke. Sherlock is being much more gentle than John expected him to be, and he lets his legs fall open completely now, giving himself over to the sensation.
It's out. Time stops for a moment. Sherlock is looking at him out of wild, silvery eyes, clearly torn between wanting to answer his question and bolting from the room and the memories. John can barely stand it to see him like this, but he needs to know.
"John," Sherlock says gently. "I’d love to have breakfast with the two of you."
“Nobody could be that clever,” he presses out.
Sherlock looks at me with a sigh of regret and pulls away to sit up. I gasp when he slips out of me, and he grimaces in apology.
"Hey," John rasps and stretches languidly. He's still a little out of breath, and his heart is still beating fast. Aftershocks of pleasure ripple through him now and again, and his fingers and toes are tingling. "
Nervous as he may be - he is still a supercilious bastard. And I am
"Mmhhh… Good morning," a low, slightly hoarse voice murmurs into his hair, and then there are soft lips nipping at the shell of his ear, a hint of teeth, and a long, slow exhale of hot air that makes him shudder from head to toe.
After breakfast, John takes a shower, and the warm water calms him down a little. There's no use breaking down now. Sherlock needs him, especially now that he's feeling so weak, and all he can do is try and make it easier for him. It'll be over soon – wasting the time they've got left on despair won't do either of them any good.
Sherlock looks at John, over there at the other end of the room, typing away on his laptop, and decides that yes, it has got much better.
Mrs Hudson lets go of him and clears her throat.
“How fast do you think those stitches will heal?” he asks and puts on a mock-innocent face.
"Mmhhh, you're so
the whole time!”
“Kiss me,” is all he replies.
real.
that happened, we're still together. That means something, don't you think? It has to. And I'd like to make it work. I--- I love you, John. I always have."
"You're sending confusing signals there," he says lowly.
His flatmate.
, you feel amazing…"
, John thinks wildly.
"I guess I’ll need to call my therapist," John finishes and gives a small laugh that doesn’t sound merry at all.
It’s rare for him to spell it out like that, and John treasures every occasion on which it happens. He bends down for a kiss.
All thanks to Sherlock and his John.
John hits the mattress with a low "
. He absolutely is. Because he's stupid, a fucking
“Sher---
"I was very angry," he replies.
He'll let Sherlock, whose body is growing heavier against his side now, rest for a while, and then, later, they can maybe, if Sherlock wants to, go for another round of experimenting.
John hesitates.
Sherlock's asleep, and John takes in the faded bruises around his eye and the almost-healed cut on the bridge of his nose and swallows his guilt. He did this.
“John,” he groans softly, and it sounds like a prayer.
Living with Sherlock has turned his world around, even though it's all far from what any person in their right mind would call
He clears his throat and then asks: "Why did you tell me? You didn't have to. I'd never have known."
, and Holmes in my arms, whimpering into my pillow, his curls bobbing in time with my thrusts, his hand now clenching around my forearm as I caress his shaft, up, down, the glide of my palm soon becoming slick and easy with sweat and Cowper’s fluid.
Sherlock's low growl of approval goes through John's whole body, and he knows he can't wait another
He says he’s coming home soon.
John screams.
, you're so sexy…" he moans, tongue-kissing the dip between my pectorals, and then the place where the bullet entered me. "
He bobs his head up and down slowly, hollowing his cheeks, and I can feel the velvety texture of his tongue moving against my length with wonderful, perfect pressure. His fingers are on my thighs, kneading my flesh, and something about him doing this hands-free is extremely arousing.
kind of fever, anyway.”
John's heart is beating much too fast.
"Sorry," he then whispers. "I'm trying."
They are silent for a while.
"I didn't know where I was when I woke up," he mutters. "I slept in so many beds in the last two years, and on so many floors… But then I saw you, and it was alright."
being inside him overwhelms him again and he's reduced to wordless moans.
And then John kisses him, and that's another thing altogether.
"Before you, there was only my brain that mattered. And it was enough. You made my life so much more complicated, John."
“Mmhhh,
"Mmhhh," Sherlock hums. "
“There is a gentleman here who wishes to see Mr Holmes. Do you happen to know when he will be back?”
“I do hope so,” Sherlock replies lowly, and his eyes turn dark.
Two tries at relationships, at safety, and how old is Sherlock again? Somewhere in his late twenties? Early thirties? (John makes a mental note to find out.) It's a shame.
“You give me much to think about,” I answer instead and step closer. “Are you well? Your behaviour strikes me as--- well. Curious. You seem miles away somehow.”
“John,” he says.
, and John's vision flickers out of focus for a second. Sherlock's opening is soft and damp against his fingers; he can feel tender, puckered skin hiding a tight ring of muscle, and God, if this isn't the most sensual way Sherlock could have chosen to tell him that it's okay, that he can take what he wants,
John nods.
Sherlock raises his head and smiles weakly. Everything feels slow and stiff, even the corners of his mouth. It's still early in the morning, but all he wants is John cuddled up against his back and some sleep.
"We've got time, John," he says against John's lips and takes his hand in his. "We've still got time."
"We'll need a moment to choose. But some red wine would be nice. Your best one. Never mind the price."
“Can I talk to him?”
Sherlock chuckles silently, shaking a bit in John's embrace and making the water ripple around them.
He thrusts from below to hit Sherlock’s prostate and tries to drag his abdomen along the underside of his cock as he speeds up his pace. He needs him to get there first.
Sherlock wants him to stop talking. It’s too late now, anyway. So he turns his head and claims the other man’s lips once more, his hand slipping into the collar of his jumper to caress the soft skin hiding underneath. John gives in to his advances without hesitation, and he is grateful for that. He doesn’t know how to deal with the situation any other way than make John and himself forget that this is the most messed-up they’ve ever been - and there is only one method to achieve that.
did it. There's nothing you could have done to change the way things played out. Nothing. I--- I was so blind. I loved her, at least for a while. But not like I love you, Sherlock. She saved me when I'd lost you. I thought I needed her to. I wanted a new life, a quiet one. But even at the wedding, I started to realise that that wasn't enough. Far from enough. Your speech--- I started regretting it right then, Sherlock. You, the life we had before you went away – it had been the best thing that had ever happened to me. But she was already pregnant, and I didn't want to run from my responsibilities. And I--- I went back to her, even after I found out what she really was. And everything went wrong.
of telling me there’s a plan if you then can’t tell me what it is?
"Are you okay?" he asks him, kissing his cheek, his closed lids, the deep furrow between his brows.
Don’t you think that it’s either
Sherlock bites his lip and exhales through his nose, as if bracing himself for his next words.
I nod, but then shrug. What am I supposed to say now?
I need--- harder,
John grumbles deep down in his chest, the vibrations travelling through their connection and making the sensation better still, and then the teasing turns into a deep, filthy kiss that makes Sherlock's eyes roll back in his head.
to, so he abandons his place between his legs and lies down next to him to kiss up his neck until he reaches his mouth. He needs to explain why he’s hesitating to jeopardise what they have right now, what they’ve only got back a few weeks ago.
. How could he ever let it get this far? He's just a fool, one of
"At the risk of making this even weirder for you…" John says and brushes some stray locks of hair off Sherlock's forehead. "I don’t think she knows that she has--- had a mother. She was so little when it happened. She’s been living with the two of us for so long now that she probably thinks--- well, that she perceives us as her---"
He takes my hand in his to steady me as we slowly make our way up the stairs to my room, and I am both touched and bewildered by his concern.
His heart is still beating fast, the idea of Moriarty being there to destroy their lives all over again not having left his head yet. He pulls at Sherlock, finally resorting to taking his hand in his and leading him towards the painting with slow, careful steps.
He smiles at her.
"You're so beautiful, John, so
"I'm sorry, John," he says, sounding more sober now. "I--- I'm not sure what's happening to me. It's late. Let's just get up and get ready."
His eyes are boring into mine so intensely that my mouth goes dry. I want to pounce and take him, make him mine, and yet I have never felt more of a blushing virgin than this very moment. I am sure he would laugh if he knew.
. So much friction. So little breath.
His voice is cold and clipped. John prays that things are not broken beyond repair yet.
John shrugs. He doesn’t mind. He’s not a prude, is he?
Sherlock is standing before him, his mouth slack, his eyes heavy-lidded and unfocused, not moving at all.
things he shouldn't feel
Then he pushes me down and cants his hips upwards at the same time, and I relax and allow him to slide inside, suppressing the urge to heave when he nudges the back of my throat.
scared, Rosie. I'm--- not finished. I need to tell him so many things, hold him, apologise to him for things I did in the past. I'm terrified I'll never get the chance."
John knows he should be more worried about what will become of Mary and the baby. The thought that he’ll never meet his son or daughter
"You know, the worst thing about this is that you really believe what you're saying there. And people like that idiot Wilkes are responsible for that. If I could go back in time and find the person who started it all, who planted that thought in your head and then made it fester, I'd give them a good old talking to."  Sherlock frowns, but John raises his hand before he can say anything. "And yes, I know you don't need me to fight your battles for you. It was presumptuous of me to take that liberty. I see that now. And I apologise. I'm truly sorry, Sherlock."
“John, calm down. It’s nothing life-threatening. He just needs time to heal.”
“Yes,” he moans, and there are tears in his voice now. “
Crouching there on the street, staring at the unseeing eyes of the only human being that has ever really mattered to him, John feels his soul die.
, he thinks.
They'll kiss until their lips are sore and their air runs out and the only taste left inside their mouths is them, together. They'll kiss in this bed, and across the cluttered breakfast table, and on the couch, their chairs, the stairs. In cabs and dark alleys. They'll keep going until two years of pain have been kissed away.
Sherlock hesitates for the fraction of a second, then slowly bends down towards him; he gets up on his toes simultaneously, and then, finally, they meet halfway, first their noses, then their mouths.
John doesn’t remember how this conversation started.
"Busy night?"
I’ll be with you.
He turns around in Sherlock’s embrace, happy that the other man doesn’t seem to want to let go of him, and looks up into those incredible, incredible eyes.
I grin to myself.
with him. Anything.
“Yes,
"It's okay with me, Sherlock. I--- It's always complicated, isn't it? I'm not easy to live with either when I'm in one of my moods, right? But that's just something you put up with when you commit to someone. If I want something, I can tell you. If you don't understand something, you can ask me. That's how it's supposed to work."
"Are you okay? Is--- is this okay?" John asks carefully. "We do this every morning. I didn’t want to confuse her."
"Fine! But
"You should be. It's the greatest compliment I can give."
"Go to sleep. Come with me."
And it all comes crashing back down on John, so suddenly that it makes him feel lightheaded for a moment.
John cries out in what sounds like a mixture of pleasure and distress, his whole frame shaking in Sherlock's arms. And then, warmth spreads through Sherlock's insides, pulse after pulse after pulse, and he feels John's opening clamp down on his finger in time with the waves running through him.
He feels his whole being shrink and reduce itself to the sweet pressure of being filled, the heady trickle of lust pooling in his middle, ready to flow over and engulf him in white heat.
like. I want to become perfect for him. And I’m not sure I could use the same vocabulary anyway – I don’t see myself in bed with him, talking about him being
with him! I had looked for you everywhere before I came knocking. It’s the only place you could have been!”
“I love you,” I coo, over and over again. Years and years of adoration, of pining are flowing out of me and into him tonight, and he deserves to hear it, each and every word. “I love you, my darling. I love you.”
Sherlock gazes at him intently.
Sherlock hardly makes a sound as he glides into the room and out of John's sight. The creaking has stopped as well, and everything John hears is his own shallow breathing and the blood rushing through his veins. The dark hall behind him makes him feel uneasy.
much.” He’s breathing fast. “Do we need to use a condom?”
eat – with
Sherlock inhales a long gulp of air and squeezes John’s fingers in his, briefly, before letting them go again. Then he nods.
He sucks lightly and completely without system, building up saliva to make the hard flesh wet and slick, and the musky and slightly bitter taste of another man on his tongue is strange, but exciting.
"Sherlock," he repeats stupidly.
Coming up in chapter 8:
John purses his lips and looks up at him, raising one eyebrow, and then he shimmies out of his own, already open trousers by wiggling his hips. He attempts to do so more or less seductively, and he apparently succeeds, judging by the way Sherlock bites down on his lip and inhales a loud, shaky breath through his nose.
"Don't be stupid now. Do you want to end up with pneumonia? Come on in."
Sherlock misses a beat, but gets himself together again before his surprise at John's blunt way of announcing his sexual history can break his stride.
no excuse for what I've done. This--- It wasn't me slipping; it wasn't an accident. I
And he sounds so sad.
It only lasts for two seconds, then they let go simultaneously and smooth down their respective jackets.
Every so often, Sherlock catches himself thinking back to John trying to say sorry for what happened
not good with people. But he can read them, if given a few minutes to observe, and he knows that this, at least, is something of which he has the advantage over his genius friend. Sherlock can deduce people, tell you what they've eaten two days ago or whether they're cheating on their significant other with the girl who works at the flower shop, before they've even taken their first step into the living-room and sat down in the clients' chair, but John knows that he finds it difficult, sometimes close to impossible, to sense emotions like attraction or irritation. Over the short course of their acquaintance, it has already made for some hilarious encounters, and John often thinks to himself that it's maybe healthy for the younger man to be confronted with his limits once in a while, just to keep him from going completely insane with hubris.
John sighs and rubs his hands across his eyes, telling himself to get it together. He feels like an extra in a play he doesn't know the script for, but he's determined to catch up.
"Wanna watch you," Sherlock pants and puts his palms back over John's ears, and John looks up to see him gazing down on him with fire in his eyes.
And so John does.
Sherlock huffs and mutters something unintelligible under his breath, rubbing his slightly raspy cheek against his skin, and John knows that no one’s going to go anywhere right now, not even to the bathroom to get a flannel and some warm water. They’ll be sticking together
You could write a message.
John looks at him and grins softly.
Sherlock nods.
thrown in for good measure.
He’s done this before – with women. It can’t be
"Why now?" he asks.
He laughs bitterly.
"Yes, Sherlock," John whispers into the kiss, because it feels right to say it now. "You can do what you want to me. Anything you want. So… don't hold back. Don't worry about doing something wrong. If I don't like it, I'll let you know." He nips Sherlock's tongue with his front teeth. "But, you know… I
of you,” he repeats, and my knees buckle.
John's face is buried in the crook of his neck, and he's groaning into it, licking, kissing,
Half a minute later, soft steps on the stairs announce the arrival of our landlady, and for a moment, Holmes’ eyes meet mine. They look apprehensive, but determined.
“I am not a man of words, as you are well aware,” I eventually manage to elaborate, and it is hard work to keep my voice steady. There is no turning back now. “I lack the finesse required to express myself in matters like this. I can only tell you about what pains me, and about what I regret. I regret so many things, Holmes. I should have been braver. I should have listened to my heart when it told me what I knew all along, deep inside - that if I ever had to live without you, my soul would die. I should have admitted it to myself before I got married. I should have acknowledged it after Reichenbach, or later, when you returned from the dead. But I was a coward. I had you within arm's reach, and yet I never found the courage to take that last step and--- touch. Because I---
It's not like his strength is waning yet. He's fit; he's still working. John is, too. But somehow he's scared that the slow, but incessant changes in his appearance might be the first signs that it's all about to start. Weakness. Decay.
He pulls him closer and kisses his cheekbone.
How in the world can he make him wake up and see that he's better off without him?
I bury my fingers in his hair and pull lightly to show I understand, and he grunts and lets go of my hands to put his palms on my thighs again.
When he enters the flat, Sherlock is already there. He tries to hide something behind his back when John steps over the threshold, but it's crackling in his hands, and after a second in which John can see him go through the pros and cons of letting him in on whatever it is that he's doing, he rolls his eyes and sighs.
And you’re mine.
“You protect his heart, Mycroft,” I whisper and fix him with an unwavering, steely gaze. “I protect his body. You wouldn’t want to find out which lengths I’d go to in order to do so.”
"Tell me when I hit the spot, baby…" John then says and gently slaps Sherlock's flanks before taking them in a firm grip.
He’s making it way too easy.
Sherlock smirks. "Yeah. You were insatiable."
"Don't be afraid," he adds. "
last, and you never knew where exactly I was… and what I was doing. I understand that you needed somebody to talk to,” he says lowly.
Mary’s face flickers before his inner eye, frowning at him, but the vision is pushed aside by an image of Sherlock’s mouth on his penis, his tongue pink and glistening, licking his tip.
I pull back and thrust in again, slowly and gently at first, but then more forcefully, and he holds on to the bed, the sheet slip-sliding towards him as he pulls at it and groans into the crook of his arm. He looks utterly wrecked with lust.
I break off when my body starts to shake from head to toe and look down to see him move upwards again, giving himself room to take my release, and then everything around me fades to flickering waves of light and colour and white noise.
” he exclaims and bucks up and into Sherlock’s mouth, and Sherlock pulls back and uses one hand to hold down his hips, a small gagging sound escaping him.
No matter what the future might hold.
When he eventually joins Mary in their bed, she mumbles sleepily and rolls over and nestles up against his side.
John gazes at him and runs his thumb across his cheekbone, tracing its shape as if trying to memorise it.
What happened? Is he alright? Can I---”
“John---”
Do you remember the first time we made love?
Sherlock wants to scream in agony, wants to surrender and break down, cry, lose himself in it, because it's too much to handle and he can't be strong anymore.
John just stands there and watches him go.
coming from in there?"
“I recall you challenging that
--- okay. You want me to spell it out for you? It felt
is hell. The drugs only helped him to hit rock bottom a little faster.
But he's not good at this.
sorry, too, which makes John feel worse. He doesn't deserve this kind of sympathy, not after insulting him like that.
Sherlock shakes his head, his beautiful curls falling into his forehead. He brushes the stray strands aside with a careless movement of his hand.
In. Out. In. Out. In. Out...
, oh God…”
“Just do as I ask.
" he repeats, his voice cracking. "Sher---!"
So he allows himself to settle against his brother's shoulder and closes his eyes. Mycroft smells of laundry detergent and cigarettes and cold night air.
"Sleep, my darling," he then murmurs and runs his fingertips along Sherlock's brow, then bends down to lay a tender kiss on his forehead. "Get some rest."
Mrs Hudson glances at me, a questioning look in her eyes, but I have no idea how to react. Should I ask him or simply wait until he talks more? Is this his way of telling me that he
John sneezes.
“You sound tired, my love.”
“New quarters? Don’t be silly now, Mr Holmes.”
"I'm glad you're here again, John," he says and bends down to kiss him on the lips. Then, more seriously, he adds: "I'll never let you leave again.
angry, okay?”
none."
“Christ,” John rasps, his own voice so deep he barely recognises it. “Sherlock.”
I'd still die for John Watson.
He doesn't have to think hard to come up with the cocktail he hopes will give him relief – he saw to it that the substances are all more or less compatible with each other when he bought them. Calculating the required amounts in his head, he walks over to the couch, where he sits down and starts to pick and prepare what he needs.
Why, indeed?
“I want you,” I tell him, my free hand stroking up and down his side, kneading his hip, his arse.
"Yeah, show me…" he whispers, and then I'm in his mouth.
"Well, we can't go back and tell him it was all a hoax. That would be--- embarrassing, wouldn't it?"
And to forget the scared, startled eyes of the ones he's had to kill today.
"Yes," he gasps. "
“He’s been… wounded. He’ll tell you everything as soon as we get back to London.”
My poor Sherlock. God, how I wish I could take it all away.
“Thank you, Bumblebee,” he whispers and presses a soft kiss onto her brow. “Sweet dreams.”
He spreads his arms and just falls forwards and over the edge of the roof.
As the days pass by, he slowly gets better, I think, and stronger. I sleep with him in his bed now, and he loves to take my hand and nuzzle it as he falls asleep, still forced to lie on his front to go easy on his healing wounds.
John is glad to hear it and amazed at how lightly Sherlock is mocking himself and John at the same time by referring to their fight like that now, and he really
God, I need
“You’re welcome. You fell asleep too.”
"My love," John says after an endless minute has passed them by, locked in their odd tableau.
Afterwards, they lie together in the stillness of John's room, entangled in each other, and John runs his fingers through his hair and hums low, lazy sounds against the top of his head.
John smiles.
“I get it,” I interrupt him. “I get it, alright? Listen…” I close the distance between us and take his head in my hands. “This is the last time I say sorry for this – the last time, okay? I’m sorry for being so fucking dense. I’m sorry for hurting you. I’m sorry for being weak and self-centred and whiny. And I’m sorry for saying sorry instead of doing something about it.”
"Sleep," he breathes into John's ear and presses his chest against his back.
Why did he enjoy it even though in his heart he must have known it could never have worked out?
The vibrations of my ribcage beneath him make him bounce up and down a little, which makes me laugh even more, but then I see the hurt in his eyes and stop.
"Excuse me?" he asks.
“Of course I have.”
“I lied, John,” he whispers shakily. “I’m not okay.”
The other man is hard now, too; John can see it clearly – there’s an impressive erection tenting his too-tight trousers, and his too-tight shirt has been distracting him all night anyway. Why does he always wear his shirts so fucking
They stare at each other for what feels like forever.
It's pure delight.
That's that, then. 221B has already moved on. He might as well.
Sherlock sits down in his own chair.
"J---" Sherlock starts, but John puts his hand on his chest and cuts him off.
On their way out, Sherlock takes a last glance at the painting, now propped up against the wall, his brow furrowed.
"Are you comfortable, love?" John asks and cups Sherlock's face in his palm, tracing his cheekbone with his thumb. Slowly. Tenderly. "Are you warm?"
“You didn't,” he says, pouring us tea. “However, I'm not sure I can explain my behaviour in a way that will make sense to you.”
“Very,” he answers and coughs. “Just a little sore.”
," he then says and grins shyly.
“Yes,” I grumble and clear my throat. “Hello?”
"Stop smirking."
Sherlock can tell he has to bring himself to say it – and not because he doesn't
“Oh,” she says, her eyes going wide.
John…"
She does, almost immediately. John doesn't sleep all night.
making an effort right now.
We stay like that for quite some time, joined in this passionate, most intimate embrace, but not moving save for the rapid rising and falling of our chests and the wanderings of my mouth, which keeps raining feather-light caresses and gentle praise onto every inch of him I can reach. This is not only about him needing time to get used to the physical presence of me inside of him, I realise. This is him showing me all of himself, allowing me access to his most well-kept secrets - his heart; his human soul. It must take him an immense effort. That he deems me worthy of it makes me prouder than I could ever express.
"Yes…"
," he repeats in a strange, small voice.
“Oh,” Sherlock whispers and leans his forehead against John’s as he looks down to watch. John smiles and returns the pressure, allowing his fingers free rein.
He stands in the middle of the room and waits, telling his cock to calm down.
"Christ," John then blurts out, sounding slightly out of breath. "That was close."
He chuckles into the kiss and then pulls away.
“Yeah, that’s it,” John breathes. “Hold onto me, baby… I’ll make it good for you…
"Yes."
He raises his head and gives me a shy grin.
fucked it up.
He places a few small, tender kisses around John's opening, feeling sparse hair and silky skin, and then flicks the little puckered ring with the tip of his tongue, simultaneously squeezing his bollocks in a gentle grasp.
It’s so incredibly tight inside of him, almost to the point of pain, and his rhythm and the vibrations of his voice are pushing me towards the edge so fast that I barely have time to warn him when I feel it start.
"Old age made me soft, I'm afraid. Sentiment is taking over. Can't be helped," he quips.
has it been more important to him to please his partner than now.
John bends down and kisses his temple, then his cheek.
assume that he's to blame, Rosie."
She snorts.
"Remember when she found out that we didn't need the second bedroom anymore?"
"You can't---" John tries to object without making a sound, but Sherlock shakes his head and puts his fingertips on John's lips to shut him up.
“I needed to see her. I couldn’t bear not knowing, not having a real face to fight off the images my mind provided me with. I tried, but it wouldn’t let me sleep.”
"Yes. Fine."
John smiles at him and bends down for a kiss, leaning onto his elbow, coaxing Sherlock’s mouth open with gentle nudges of his tongue, and immediately he senses the other man sink a little further into the bed beneath him.
"Hey," John says. "Look who it is, sweetheart."
“Look up. I’m on the rooftop,” he then says, and John's head snaps up immediately, and even from this far away Sherlock can see the terror in his expression.
He’s big, but not scarily so, and I’m happy that he’s long rather than thick, because he’s replacing his fingers with his penis now, pressing into me, his blunt head spreading the now slack ring of muscle up to its breaking point, or at least it feels like that.
Not nearly as bad.
“What--- Who did that to you? I--- Did they---
alive.”
keys, and it'll be fine.
By now, even though he has no idea how to deal with it all, he also knows their names.
"Love kissing you," John murmurs softly.
I snap the laptop shut, my heart beating in my throat. I thought watching this would be easier.
“Well, I’m glad. You’d be an idiot to let him get away,” she says. “Those
“Give me… an example,” he then demands, his voice a little slurry around the edges.
“Okay.”
"This didn't seem to be a very safe place to be standing," he says. "Not with your current level of blood alcohol."
Sherlock’s hand on his cheek pulls him out of his musings.
A shaky puff of hot breath brushes my collarbone, and I feel my skin become wet with his tears. I stroke my hand down the side of his face and collect the salty drops with the pads of my fingers.
“Because after tonight, I do not think I will ever be able again to conceal the reactions beholding your half-clad physique provokes in me. It will spark too many memories. Most pleasant ones, I should add. It used to be hard in the past, but now it will only be…
Sherlock resists mocking him for not phrasing that more smoothly. He can tell John is taking care of that himself, judging by the micro-expressions playing around his mouth.
, his beautiful,
"Multiple times, as in… more than twice in a row?"
Rosie's hand comes up and cups his cheek, and John shivers at the touch, his breath hitching. She swallows and looks at him out of sad, wild eyes.
John grins and puts his palm on the small of his back, steering him out of the door.
He occasionally wonders if he'll ever get around to telling him (read: pluck up the courage to do so), but that's something else entirely, something he's not ready for yet. Not at all.
," John then says.
We let go of each other.
“Please,” I hiss. “God,
But that was then. Now I'm lonely, yes, and I crave a bit of the famous "human touch", but I'd never do something about it. I promised him I'd wait for him, and wait I will. As long as it takes.
Then he asks: "So it's the heat that makes you sound like this?"
"Sherlock," he breathes as they part.
"You know, I'm
My life, my
Sherlock purses his lips together and nods. “For Rosie,” he says, leaning forward to rest his head in the crevice between John’s shoulder and neck. “Besides, I’ll have you with me, and there is little I cannot do with you by my side.”
"I've reserved a table at Angelo's for tomorrow night. If you want, we can go and have dinner there. I thought--- well, it's sort of where it all started."
It still makes his heart ache to think about how perplexed Sherlock was when he asked him to be Best Man, and he asks himself whether no one has ever given the other man the feeling of being wanted, being
. I love that you--- that you prepared yourself, but please don’t be nervous or afraid. I--- Yesterday we did quite well, didn’t we? Let’s just see where it leads us."
Sherlock purses his lips, but puts his free hand on Rosie’s stomach to caress her, and she wriggles happily. His long, slender fingers look huge when she grabs them with her tiny ones.
Greg sighs.
He's embarrassed about losing control like this, but it's all too much. He's never felt like this before. There's something inside of him that's too big, too new, and it wants to burst out, and it's so complex that he can't put a name to it.
“No. Alright, stop it now.”
to hear again in person one day, and then goes quiet.
“Don’t--- wanna come,” I answer, my voice rough. “Too fast…”
"You did all that, John. Often. I know it doesn't feel like it now, feels like
a release for you. You were so open then, so relaxed, so
"I know. It's alright."
That’s much too long. I can’t wait anymore. All my strength is gone.
“Hello?”
Sherlock raises his head.
Sherlock’s hands are clasping the back of John’s neck, sometimes straying towards his head to restlessly ruffle his hair. His cock, still slicked up from before and so,
"I’ll be there if you need someone to talk to, someone to support you - but that’s all I can do. I wish it was different. I’m sorry." His heart hammering, Sherlock takes a deep breath. There’s one more thing he needs to address. "John… I apologise for--- for hurting you. You said you were sore, and I knew it would probably make you uncomfortable, and I--- I disregarded that. I’m so, so sorry. I shouldn’t have done that."
Sherlock snorts in bitter amusement.
"I'm making a complete mess of your bed. Sorry," I say, but he just shakes his head.
“Say what you want me to do, love.”
It gives John a twinge, but of course he understands. And it
“Hey, you,” John says, smiling at him. “What’s all this?” As he takes a step closer, he notices two glasses of red wine on the floor right next to Sherlock.
,” Sherlock utters and grips John’s buttocks to squeeze them, and when John uses his teeth again, he feels the other man’s cock harden against his stomach.
He smirks appreciatively.
He doesn't like her face all that much, but it's better than the vision that's been haunting him for a while now – especially at night.
, but of course he knows Sherlock needs more preparation than this. He'd never risk hurting him.
, filling his lungs, his whole being with him until he's overwhelmed with longing, with a love so fundamental and inexplicable that he feels like he might die from the sheer force of the emotion. He'll never let him go. They are one, unable to function without the other one around, and nothing is going to change that.
“Come inside,” he whispers. “Now.
"Well… yes."
Somehow, they let him pass. A person, John doesn't even register whether it's a man or a woman, holds his arm as he sinks to his knees next to the body, and it's not to keep him back, he notices dimly, but to give him support.
I stop him before he can say her name. I don't want this new start to be tainted by old pain.
His clothes fall to the floor with a rustling sound and immediately he looks different - thinner, more boyish, almost delicate. He is very pale, his skin smooth and dusted with small clusters of honey-coloured freckles here and there. There are scars, too, some deep and gnarled, some more superficial, in various states of fading. I have seen them before, at the bathhouse, but I never allowed myself to stare for too long in order not to embarrass him - or myself. Now I take them in and wonder what happened to him during the years we were apart, and how much suffering he had to endure without me by his side. I feel I should have protected him, even though the rational part of my mind is well aware that he does not need my protection, or anyone’s, for that matter. Looking at him now, it is hard to believe that he can take a man down with a single punch, but I have witnessed him do it with my own eyes, and the knowledge that there is so much strength sleeping underneath his slender exterior makes me all the prouder.
His heart clenching in his chest, John allows his gaze to return to the huddled-up figure half-hidden under a thick woollen blanket. Sherlock seems tiny right now. It's John's watch this afternoon, and he knows the younger man has been awake for days. When John arrived and took over for Molly, Sherlock barely had the strength to greet him. He just lay there, completely exhausted, and then drifted off. He says he wants to go cold turkey, but John is not convinced.
Sherlock holds him a bit tighter.
be real.
John swallows his fear.
"I did. But I love what's inside
On the stairs, he runs into John.
John's heart is pounding against his ribs.
"This requires some careful logistics," he jokes.
“Morning,” John whispers.
It never happened when he was alive.
John nods, his fingers making slow progress down the button row of Sherlock's shirt.
God…"
"Fuck!"
They don't talk much, usually. They've been rebuilding their friendship bit by bit over the last months, and John is well aware that they've got a long way to go – he himself in particular. One day he'll have to address what happened at the morgue, and why it happened, and he's terrified of that, and not ready, but he also knows that what he feels now is not something that suddenly appeared when he moved back in with Sherlock.
Rosie was a toddler, and she'd only recently begun to speak her first words –
It’s chaste and almost shy, but it leaves John trembling nonetheless. He knows that kissing him like this, in front of his daughter, is a huge step for Sherlock, even if she’s only a baby and doesn’t understand it yet.
“Hm?”
John doesn’t know what to do with his hands, so he puts them on the armrests of his chair and runs them back and forth over the threadbare fabric, tracing the faded, barely-recognisable pattern with his fingertips.
“Yeah. God, I really could.”
“And put together again.”
He grumbles and shifts, the bedclothes rustling at the other end of the line, and then I hear his breathing even out. He’s falling asleep.
Sherlock feels his body go into panic mode and fights to stay in control, to not lose the mood of only moments before, when everything was not alright, far from it, but not like
“I can tell you what you can do,” I mutter, looking at the same window for a second before directing my gaze at the laptop again. “You can get the fuck back home, stat.”
He puts the napkin into the small wooden box that holds all the things he simultaneously wants to remember and forget: his dog tags, some faded photographs of his parents and Harry, and the cue cards Sherlock used for his wedding speech and then left behind when he stole away without saying goodbye.
We snog a few times, but it never goes any further, and I’m okay with that. I’ll let him set the pace for this – he’s the one who’s injured, both with regards to his body and his mind, and I don’t want to overwhelm him. He’ll let me know when he’s ready for more.
knackered. I’ve had about three hours of sleep. But I’m happy. Sherlock slept deeply and, as he told me groggily when I accidentally woke him up by disentangling myself from his grasp at six o’clock, without any further nightmares.
“Not the conventional kind, no.”
He nods. She kisses him again and then pulls away.
Sherlock’s hands have slid down his spine and come to rest on the small of his back, and he’s pulling John against his body with almost urgent pressure. He’s bowed his head, too, so that John doesn’t have to stand on his toes anymore, and he’s all around him now, strong and a bit bony and so very
“Yes, baby, I’m here. Calm down now… Just breathe with me, okay? Just breathe. It’ll be alright,” I tell him – and myself.
After a minute or two of doing exactly that, John notices that Sherlock has gone very quiet. He raises his eyes and finds him propping himself up against the sides of the bath, white-knuckled and wound up as tight as a spring, his mouth open and panting silently, his eyes closed and his brow furrowed in what looks like concentration. He rubs his tongue along the underside of his cock one last time, ending with a small nip at the sensitive spot right underneath the crown, and then lets him slip out to straighten up again.
"This is my friend, John Watson."
"Fuck," John whispers hoarsely, clinging to Sherlock's back with one hand, to his arse with the other. There's no air. No thought. Just this, this,
the people who did this to Sherlock is overwhelming. Sherlock turns his head and frowns.
He comes with a deep, drawn-out moan that fights its way out of his throat to increase in volume until he's bellowing out John's name along with a garbled curse, and he's got absolutely no control anymore, not over his voice, and not over his body either, which is convulsing beneath John's hands as the other man holds down his hips and swallows everything he has to give with groan after shameless groan of relish and pride.
leave you… Oh…
“You bet."
it, wants it. Everything’s alright. Calm down now, John. Okay.
hot, so tight… God, I love being inside you…”
"If you say so."
John reaches behind himself, blindly, not wanting to break eye contact now, and fumbles for his bedside drawer.
We’re now making up the most awkward,
for him, how my whole being yearns to melt into his to be with him, all around him,
If this is a game, a dare, he’ll be damned if he lets Sherlock win just like that.
He chuckles.
He lifts his arms and puts them around Sherlock's shoulders, hesitating before closing the distance between them completely. His scent is a blend of sweat, petrichor, and Mrs Hudson's washing powder, and Sherlock wants to drown in it and never come to the surface again. John gazes at him through the half-light and smiles shyly.
Sherlock grips his shoulders and leans his forehead against John’s to catch his breath.
“Christ!” I exclaim as my legs buckle in reflex.
It's time he stood up to it.
He stops in mid-sentence, realising what Sherlock’s just said. Sherlock fixes him with a strange, piercing look, and there go
I hold on to his shoulders and step out of my clothes, and he helps me to remove my socks before caressing up my calves and the backs of my thighs.
He breaks off, wishing he’d kept this to himself. He's been thinking about it now and again in the past weeks – even though he's the one who takes care of Rosie most days, Sherlock still plays an important part in her life. They raise her together. He has no idea whether Sherlock even entertains thoughts of that nature, or if it matters to him.
John's pulse is racing, going so fast that he's scared for his health for a moment.
“Get it,” he tells me and walks around my legs to sit down on my bed. “And lie down with me.”
Untouched.
John forces himself to look at his friend. Even if it's him who insisted on having this conversation, he now feels strangely uneasy. His palms are sweaty, and he wishes he had something to occupy his hands with. He puts them on the armrests of his chair and digs his fingertips into the familiar pattern of the threadbare fabric covering them.
He shuffles away, and a moment later I hear him rummage around in the kitchen, collecting utensils to make tea. I look at my own image in the mirror and sigh. We’re almost back to normal, it seems. But as much as I want that to be true, I know that it isn't. I know there are hard times yet to come, and not because of the scars he’ll always carry on his body.
“John?” he asks, his voice hushed and very young.
"John… Have I offended you in any way? If I have, I assure you that it was not my intention."
who should feel humiliated, since you went out with another person while I wasn’t looking, or
He bends down to kiss me, then grins.
in all my life… Does that happen every time you come?"
humiliated. He shouldn't have lied to her. I can stand up for myself, and if he protects me from admitting to my own mistakes, he just takes the opportunity to make up for them away from me.
“No,” Sherlock whispers. “That’s exactly why I didn’t tell you. You don’t have to apologise.”
He runs his fingers down my temples, my jaw and the sides of my neck, and I shudder - he's so gentle, so soft right now, and I can't believe how proud it makes me feel to be the focus of his tenderness.
"I promise," he says. "I won't leave you again without saying goodbye properly. Never again, John."
Sherlock is looking up at him, panting ever so slightly.
He could go over to Billy's, just one last time. Just to get him through it, through this difficult phase in their lives – just to help him to not lose it completely. Just until Rosie feels better and settles down, until John is no longer so tired and so easily irritable. Until he's learned how to deal with it all. He knows he shouldn't, but his yearning is so strong. It's overruling his head. He won't use needles; that would be too much. No, he'll get himself a few pills, a small emergency stack – doesn't mean he'll take them. It will be good to know they're there. Just in case.
don't delete this," he gasps after a particularly intense encounter between Sherlock's fingertip and what appears to be John's prostate. "It's really---
My heart racing, I take his face in my hands and brush his cheekbones with my thumbs, wiping off the moisture gathering there in the process.
John is licking and kissing down his ribs now, murmuring words of praise into his skin, and as his still half-hard cock slips out of his body Sherlock feels the ghost of his presence inside himself and memorises the sensation. No one else will ever occupy this space again.
It's the most incredible feeling - it's all wet down there, and so hot, and the pressure of the barely-there intrusion is not uncomfortable in the slightest. It's divine, and he wants more. He
"Yes, John. Thank you for this day. The fragments of our past… so many of them are connected to London. It was a good idea to go back."
, but he can't.
"If you could see yourself, you'd know that nothing you're keeping in that fridge could get me out of the mood right now."
to,” he insists. “I
Sherlock nods.
We laugh, and the laugh turns into another kiss, and then I slide down on the floor with him and lean my forehead against his shoulder.
My heart is hurting so much. This is all
"Oh God," he sighs, his deep voice trembling. "Ohhh…
“—a man who encountered an...unfortunate…run-in with a piece of sports equipment,” he corrects himself, not missing a beat. He looks down at a young girl in a deerstalker who stands next to him, clutching onto the sleeve of his coat. “Love your hat.”
My eyes roll back in my head and I bite my lip to keep myself from screaming. He grumbles, and it sounds pleased and proud, and I laugh at the ceiling, ending in a low sob when he pulls back slightly to catch his breath.
"I'll go slow," he says, just to say
Sherlock's orgasm seems to announce itself forever, but then, finally, it happens. John can
"There's
yes, Sherlock…
He pours some of the transparent gel on his fingers and rubs them against each other to slick them up thoroughly, all the while watching the wondrous, amazed look on Sherlock’s face. He’s propped up on his elbows, following John’s movements with his eyes, and it makes John feel nervous and powerful all at once.
. And it's okay.
that there's this wild, sexual side to him. He’d always considered him an attractive man, definitely more than averagely beautiful (
John almost knocks the lamp off the bedside table in his haste to get the lube they keep in the drawer, and, like every time, Sherlock marvels at his skill of slicking up his fingers blindly because he doesn't want to stop kissing him to prepare himself.
Sherlock frowns a little.
Not needing to be asked twice, John scrambles to his feet and lies down beside him, or rather halfway on top of him, and they meet in a long, heated kiss that’s nothing like the ones they shared that first time when John caught his friend alone in this very room, touching himself while thinking of him.
It’s the most tender feeling, but there’s a bit of pain in it as well.
Darkness.
I'm sweating profoundly now, and he seems to notice, because he grabs the duvet and just pushes it off me until it slides to the floor beside the bed, and then he scoots closer until he can cuddle up against my side. His naked limbs rub against mine, fitting themselves perfectly into spaces that were apparently designed for exactly that purpose.
He kisses with his whole body, Sherlock notices, coaxing his mouth open and licking into it again and again, tilting his head this way and that, each new angle giving him new sensations of blissful intimacy of a sort he's never known before, and he desperately tries to keep up and give back, but John's technique and the fact that his own experience with situations like this is limited (or almost non-existing, if he's being completely honest, since it mostly consists of theory rather than practice) make it difficult to reciprocate the way he's sure he's supposed to.
"It’s alright, John. You said what you needed to say last night. I understand. It--- doesn’t have to change things between us. I’ll get over it. Don’t worry."
“Ahhh…
He didn't do that, of course. He felt ashamed for yearning for it so much. He'd never treat Mary like that - she deserves better. (
They stay silent for a while.
John looks up at that, his beard twitching in a small grin. "Are you aiming for a second round? Because I really
John shrugs and allows his hands to slip from Sherlock's front to his back, bringing his arms around his waist as he does so.
even mean? It just means you’re not normal, not like everyone else.”
"I'd like you to keep a somewhat closer eye on him today, Mycroft," Sherlock says quickly, grimacing against his reluctance to ask
John's feet are glued to the floor. He knows he should go and check on Sherlock; he knows he's relying on him to be his backup. But he can't. Sherlock sounds shocked and frightened, and the latter is the reason why John in turn feels the ground fall from under his feet. Sherlock is not frightened of anything. Never. What is he seeing in there?
"I'll make you feel so good," John whispers, his tongue doing dirty,
Sherlock's full bladder woke him from a light, restless slumber ten minutes ago, and he can feel John's presence in the room with him. He keeps his eyes shut, though, because it's such a relief not to be forced to act his part.
slowly, opens the fastenings of my trousers and slips his hands inside my pants.
Sherlock looks up and gives him a crooked smile; he almost looks high.
"You wanted him to think that I'm capable of making friends, even finding a lover," Sherlock answers his own question, his tone still neutral, but laced with a barely discernible trace of something dangerous. "You sensed his condescension before he verbalised it and wanted to pay him back for it."
Sherlock nods again.
“Just do as I ask. Please.”
"Mmhhh…
I go harder. A little faster. My bollocks, full and heavy already, slap against his buttocks with every thrust, the sounds and sensations catapulting me higher, ever higher. His knuckles turn white as he clutches my fingers and he bites the pillow to smother a shout.
"You can't chide me for holding myself in low esteem and then do the same thing to yourself. That's absurd," Sherlock says.
I don’t mind her knowing. He deserves that I tell her the truth – or the closest thing to the truth that I can. The look of surprise on her face changes into one of pity.
," I repeat.
At long last, John's arms come up as well and he slings them around Sherlock's back and grips the fabric of his shirt, as if to make sure that he's really there.
"Actually," Sherlock says, and John wants to giggle, because a lecture in the nude is not nearly as annoying as a normal one, "what I think you mean is 'beach glass'. Sea glass is physically and chemically weathered glass that is usually found on beaches along bodies of salt water. These weathering processes produce natural frosted glass. Beach glass comes from fresh water and in most cases has a different pH balance and a less frosted appearance. The last time I checked, my eyes did
Lily smiles a crooked smile, and he notices how incredibly green her eyes are.
John smiles. Then he nudges Sherlock’s knee with his free hand, the other one still caressing the tender skin right behind his scrotum.
beautiful, but he doesn't know it, and that has to be remedied immediately.
John nods wildly, then rests his forehead on his arms.
Sherlock just grins and stretches like a lazy cat, the very epitome of sated contentment.
They keep Sherlock's back out of the way, learning each other all over again, and it's much better than any dream could ever be.
“If I ever lost you, I’d perish,” he then says, his voice a low rumble that crawls under my skin and sends shivers down my spine. I can tell he is struggling to make himself speak. “Earlier, when we arrived here, I pictured coming home to an empty flat, coming home to find your chair in front of the fireplace, your dressing gown on the hook by the door… knowing your body was lying, cold and lifeless, in the morgue at St. Bart's. I--- I
“What if we get arrested for indecent behaviour?”
satisfactory…"
When they wake up from their unplanned nap and wander into the kitchen, naked underneath their dressing gowns and desperate for a hot, honeyed drink to soothe their dry throats, they find a note propped up against the tea pot. It smells faintly of violets.
John tips up his head and places a kiss on Sherlock’s cheek. “Hm,” he says. “Alright. Because if there were something bothering you, I’d be happy to let you talk to me about it. Sometimes talking about things can make it better, you know?”
Sherlock just nods, and they repeat the process, and then it’s finally,
him, too, wet, slapping noises nothing short of pornographic, and he's
“Okay,” she says and sniffs. “I’ll leave you alone to, erm---” Her voice breaks, and I feel like an arsehole for putting her through this. “You know,” she finishes a bit lamely.
Was that all John was trying to achieve? Or did it mean something?
of this.
They all talk to him, but something has happened to his ears. It's like they're stuffed with cotton wool. He doesn't understand a word. Suddenly he realises that his legs are moving, but he doesn't know where he's walking. A small, but strong hand is holding his, and there's a familiar trace of powdery perfume, and a purple sleeve.
. I've been a coward, Sherlock. All my life. I'm--- I'm not the brave soldier people see in me. I'm a fucking closeted
Of course he couldn't be sure that exactly that hadn't already happened, but something Mrs Hudson said to him over tea and biscuits one rainy afternoon gave him the strength to hold on. "Give him some time," she said. "He'll be back. He's in a bad place right now, but he'll knock on your door one of these days. If you still want him around, he'll come back to you." Sherlock soaked up her words and the relief they offered him, but decided to ignore the last part – why should he ever
“I’m yours,” I repeat after him. “Always, Sherlock.”
“I can’t go any deeper…” he rumbles. “But give me some room and I’ll give you the best… fucking… orgasm… of your life…” He accentuates his words by grinding his hips in slow circles, his bollocks sliding against Sherlock’s arse. Sherlock moans and laughs and loosens his grip on him.
"Sorry," John apologises.
“Are you fucking
They talk about Alice starting pre-school and Hettie's upcoming violin concert ("Can I play my solo on your violin later, Grandfather?"), and John puts his hand on Sherlock's leg under the table and thinks that maybe it's all going to be alright.
. I can't explain it, and I don't even care. It's irrational. I don't know how or why, but I know there will never be anybody else for me but you. No matter what you did. No matter what you'll do."
I gasp. This is so intense, and we haven't even really started yet.
You don’t have to---” Sherlock knows that John means it. But he also knows that he
The lamp is still burning. The condom has slipped off his limp cock and is now dripping its contents all over his thigh. He doesn't care.
Sherlock is whimpering, groaning, restlessly running his hands through John's hair, and at some point he yanks at the duvet and shoves it aside, startling John a bit, but also giving him some much-needed cool air to suck into his lungs through his nose.
"Shut up! I despise myself for--- for liking it so much, for
"You were quite straight-forward the first time we were sitting here," Sherlock says as he puts a spoonful of tiramisu into his mouth. "Asking about my love life and all."
"Sshhh…" John whispers. "I'll take care of you."
John moans against him and he can't help but mirror the sound with one of his own because the vibrations of his voice are the best thing he's ever felt, but still, this is
when his body was enveloped in warm water, and he really needs it to stop today. It hasn't stopped for such a long time now.
," he states nonchalantly and sends Sherlock a brief crooked smile that he knows he won't be able to translate – but Wilkes will.
“It’s okay,” I whisper. “It’s okay, baby. I’ve got you.”
She still doesn't understand.
"Sherlock…" John sighs.
“I don’t--- want to--- hurt you…” I pant.
“Ngh,
Even if Sherlock manages to get clean (and John doubts he will, from the way things are looking right now), it won't ever be the way it was before… everything. He wonders if it's even worth trying.
, the oxygen masks fall out of their compartments in the ceiling.
“Are the wounds infected?” I’m trying for a very improvised telediagnosis. “Are you running a fever?”
My heart breaks at this. I promised, yes. And I betrayed his trust.
They settle down in John's bed afterwards, still naked, and Sherlock, too awake again to really drift off yet, listens to the regular breathing of the two people in the room with him and memorises their rhythms, because they're the two most important people that have ever lived. He makes sure to always hold one part of John as the other man falls into a deep slumber, unconsciously moving his limbs in what Sherlock thinks is an endearingly erratic fashion.
not good at stuff like this. Being on the receiving end of a compliment throws him off balance, and that the compliment is coming from Sherlock, the coolest, most analytical person he's ever met, makes it all the more confusing.
He sounds so small.
"Even now?" Sherlock asks, barely audibly. "After me throwing up on you, after--- after watching me soil myself and then having to clean it all up?"
"Yeah," he mutters into the crook of Sherlock's neck. "Same."
I help him by folding my legs so that he can slip the garment over my feet and throw it aside, and then, in a fit of very uncharacteristic urgency, I shove my hands down the back of his pants and we mirror the process until he is completely naked as well. We roll onto our sides afterwards, as if drawn towards each other by magnets, and I close my eyes. Any second now---
John rolls his eyes and wonders how bad it really is, but then he gets distracted by the abrupt lurch the plane performs. The whispering man curses. John feels his heart stumble behind his ribs. He doesn’t even know in which direction they’re tumbling right now – up? Down? To the side? The ham and cheese sandwich he’s had for dinner attempts an unceremonious reappearance, but he manages to keep it down. Everything around him is vibrating.
After getting the small tin of petroleum jelly from my kit and putting it on top of the bedside table, I get into bed with him and we end up in a tangle of limbs beneath the covers, kissing again. He is beyond delicious.
"I'm sorry, Sherlock."
“That’s something I won’t argue with.”
"I didn't have to," he replies. "Mycroft's timing was impeccable."
Sighing softly, he then answers the call.
. But John… I shouldn't have kept you in the dark about what I was going to do. You felt abandoned. It's understandable that you turned to someone else to help you cope, and it's understandable that you were angry when I returned so out of the blue. I didn't think, John. I assumed I owned you, and that you'd wait for me. That was the most stupid, arrogant thing I've ever done."
Sherlock huffs a breath of laughter. “Doubtful. Family history of sleep apnoea. By that time, I’m sure you’ll be sleeping in your own bedroom.”
John’s breathing accelerates.
"I see," he replies.
"I was lucky to have him, too. He saved me when I'd given up on myself after coming back from Afghanistan. He… made me feel alive again. I owe him everything."
“Beautiful,” he murmurs and continues to pet me, gently helping me to calm down and collect myself.
“You’re my favourite grown-ups,” Rosie impatiently responds as she reaches into her school bag and retrieves a folded piece of paper.
for him.
great at romance, so… thank you," he says, his voice shaky.
, John."
to know. In front of John's closed door, he stops and puts his ear against the dark-brown wood. There's no sound, no proof that two people are sleeping behind it. His pulse accelerates. He knows he's clean, he tells himself. He
” Sherlock echoes him, his baritone rough with arousal, but also laced with a hint of humour.
Smith?”
Sholto and Sherlock. They're so different, and yet… Looking at them together, being in the same room with both of them, confused John more than he's ready to admit. He remembers feelings he shouldn't have had in the past when he looks into Sholto's steely eyes, but they're veiled and softened by time and his reluctance to accept them. When he meets Sherlock's kaleidoscope gaze, he
“Thanks, Mary,” I say, serious again, and I hope she understands.
For this one endless, precious moment,
He can't believe John is letting him do this. It's like his dreams used to be, but so much better.
He hoists Sherlock's thigh up and re-enters him, finding him soft, wet, and pliant to his touch, and Sherlock throws back his head, his eyes snapping shut in abandon again.
“Should’ve come to th’wedding, brother--- mine…” he slurs. “
There's no point in going on like this, really.
He's scared of this, of what John wants, or
He kisses Sherlock’s temple, then his closed eyes. Then his quivering lips.
, as Sherlock put it, he also wants to
"Burns," John answers, voice strained. "But--- in a good way."
attractive anymore, wrinkly old git that I am," John snaps before he can stop himself.
Why doesn't he?
"They do."
He looks at her, his face covered in shaving cream, and rolls his eyes.
John obeys, and they establish a rhythm of in and out, John whispering into Sherlock’s ear that he’s so hot, so sexy, that he’ll make him come so hard, make him scream his name, that his cock tasted so good when he sucked it, that he wants to do that again soon.
"Rosie," he whimpers. "I love you so much… I'm so sorry!"
Why even try?
Sherlock is silent for a moment.
His chin quivers as if he wanted to cry, but then he just buries his face in his hands and heaves a dry sob.
John is
"I can't, John."
"Of course you do," he replies. "You have no hand in this whatsoever. You'll never have to blame yourself for doing or saying something that you'll regret later."
“I--- Thank you for telling me. I’ll keep it to myself.”
He shakes some stray locks of hair out of his eyes and looks at me with a predatory expression on his pale, oh-so-handsome face.
My hand is
"Yeah," John says lowly, right into his ear. "I love hearing you ask for it…"
“Ditto,” he answers. “Your hugging skills are superb.”
"Sherlock," John says warningly. "We're really not doing this now. My battery has to survive until tomorrow – who knows whether we'll need to make a call or something."
"God," John pants and just keeps going, working against the resistance of Sherlock's body clenching down around him in the throes of the aftershocks, and when the head of his cock, already engorged in preparation for the final blow, presses into his prostate once more, Sherlock feels it wash over him again.
Maybe that would be reasonable. They're sticking together everywhere they touch.
With a sound very close to a purr, Sherlock moves into John's kiss, encouraging him to do it again.
He hears Sherlock unfold the napkin with a faint, rustling sound. Then there’s silence.
I groan and fish it out of my pocket. Perfect timing. As if my guilty conscience could get any bigger.
"John---" I groan. "
with you now, Sh---Sherlock," he presses out, fighting through the spikes of pleasure compromising his speech centre. "I want you to--- to
“He’s here!” a small boy calls out from a desk in the third row, followed by a roar of tiny, happy cheers as several children gravitate towards Sherlock.
John smiles.
I obey his request while he goes and lights my bedside lamp, and when I turn back towards him after assuring myself that the door is locked securely, he meets me in a slow, deep kiss that eventually makes my back collide with hard wood again.
“Up you get, then,” he says. “Come on.”
"I'll be blaming myself for not stopping you!"
"I had gathered as much. Is he… alright?"
"I want to---
Deep inside, he knows that John is yearning for him the same way that he is yearning for John. He knows. He also knows that even if John decided to come back upstairs right now, things would still be just as messed up.
speech, he doesn't want to hear it.
He tries to imitate what he himself likes when it comes to blow jobs and swirls his tongue around the head of Sherlock’s cock, pushes it into the slit and against the sensitive spot right underneath, and when a streak of hot liquid spills against his palate, he savours it. It’s proof of whatever it is that has grown between them; it’s something he knows Sherlock doesn’t share with a lot of people. No matter what will happen afterwards – he knows he’ll remember this night for as long as he lives.
Sherlock looks at the ceiling for a moment, then back at the mirror, avoiding John's gaze when he does so.
John sighs, his brow furrowed, his eyes wild.
, and that Sherlock’s
They kiss deeply, John quickly getting over his initial surprise, and Sherlock almost forgets to breathe. John is fantastic with his tongue; even without sufficient comparison data he'd be prepared to claim that he's the best, most dedicated kisser in the world – he goes in with all of himself, with his whole body, each and every time, and Sherlock willingly gives himself over to it and allows himself to be plundered. His knees are already weak.
One knuckle, then two. Then three.
"No," he replies curtly and gets up as well. "It's too early for that."
“This is the afterglow we’ve been waiting for for two years,” I whisper against his mouth. “I told you we’d get it eventually.”
, but I tried to ignore it. When--- when I told you I'd never wanted to touch another man before you, I--- I lied. I've liked other men. Wanted them. At school, and then, much later, in the army. But I never acted upon it. Told myself I was lonely, confused, mistaking comradeship for attraction and lust. When my sister came out to our parents, all hell broke loose. I--- I was scared our father would kill her. But she ran away and never came back. And then, afterwards… my father poured all his hopes into me, and I didn't want to disappoint him. I
“This is not your fault, Sherlock,” he hastens to clarify. “It’s mine. I should never have let it get this far. When you got back--- I should have stopped it all right then. I missed that moment, and now I have to live with the consequences. I’m aware of the fact that I’m selfish in leaving my family for you, and I have to live with that as well.”
John groans.
"No, Rosie," he says softly. "I'm not asking for your permission. This is going to happen, no matter what you say. Do you see? Do you see why I'm not asking you for anything but to please,
, John,” he whimpers and reaches down with one arm to clasp my buttock, holding me still, but keeping me buried deep inside himself. “Never.”
John doesn’t stop. He keeps it up for some minutes, watching Sherlock shatter to pieces with each and every thrust, and by now he’s almost painfully erect himself, which is surprising, since he only came so spectacularly less than an hour ago.
"Yes, love…" he murmurs and brushes Sherlock's shaft with his beard. Sherlock bucks up and into the touch. "
John!
, Sherlock! She doesn’t understand the concepts of space and time yet!”
His knees shaking and somehow feeling as if this was his first kiss ever, John grips Sherlock's collar with both hands now, pulls him in, opens his mouth wider and deepens their connection, and then Sherlock's hands are there, cradling his face, long fingers carding through the hair at his temples, their gentleness in stark contrast to the urgency with which he's pushing his tongue into John's mouth to look for his.
He'd hate it, but of course it would be okay. He'd never want him to do things he doesn't enjoy.
John looks down at where he kneels on the floor between his legs and swallows thickly before gripping the edge of the mattress to brace himself.
” she continues.
But he’s not that young anymore. And Sherlock isn’t, either, which becomes apparent a short while later.
“Mmhhh,” I moan, my fingers playing with the fly of my jeans without me telling them to, tracing the outline of my rapidly hardening cock, and Sherlock’s gift of deduction obviously doesn’t stop at long-distance calls, because he mirrors my moan and then breathes: “Take them off… Take everything off, my love…”
Sherlock leans in and kisses the top of her head, speaking into the soft blonde curls. “Excellent deduction skills, Watson,” he says.
His beard is rough on my skin, but his lips and tongue are soft. His hands are in my hair, his fingernails grazing my scalp. He sucks at my pulse point and groans, and the vibrations of his voice ripple through me, making me shiver. Everything between us is hot, slick,
His feet carry him through the deserted streets, and he lets himself be guided by chance. He doesn't have anywhere particular to go. There's nowhere he wants to be. His flat is a run-down, bleak place, and he uses it to shower and sleep and sit and look into space. He doesn't
“He stole that from Doctor Who.”
“Take it,” he sighs. I know he knows. “
"Get on top of me, baby, come on…" he pants. "You're so close… I want to feel you like that… feel you come all over me… oh
"Tease," John says lowly. "Wait till I get you home."
"I hope he killed all of them," I say without thinking.
He raises one eyebrow.
… If only we had more time… I’d worship your body again and again…”
“John…”
“Joining me?” he asks with a smirk when they push me against the police car right next to him.
Sherlock ignores the question.
“What do you need, hm…? Tell me…”
you with my tongue… Loved how you let go…"
, DAMN IT!
He'd never have thought they'd have this again.
Sherlock almost shouts the last word, and John squeezes his eyes shut. He can't look at that beautiful, trusting face any longer.
I chuckle softly.
"Mm-hmmm…" comes the sleepy reply.
"And I'll never forget seeing you look up to me… hearing you call my name… hearing you
you."
John rains kisses on his shoulder and neck, making his way up to his chin, his ear, his temple.
“More,” he begs. “
Sherlock pushes his nose into the dampness gathering at the back of John's neck and inhales deeply, fills his lungs with the pure essence of the man he loves, has
He opens the door.
He opens one eye.
"Yes," he replies and looks up into his face, locks eyes with him, and John bites down on his lip and aligns himself, sliding only his tip inside.
He looks up and at the clock sitting on his nightstand. It's not even midnight yet.
“I love you,” he suddenly says and startles me out of the haze of satisfaction clouding my brain.
And then stillness.
John gets up, holding out his hand.
"He's my friend, let me through…" he says, again and again, without thinking.
"Yeah."
Sherlock groans again, his hot breath hitting John's ear in erratic puffs.
Sherlock sighs.
John looks at Sherlock lying there in his arms, spread out halfway across his body, his long, pale back glinting in the orange light of his bedside lamp and his naked arse, lamentably,
… I’ll kiss you, lick the salt off your neck, your chest… oh
There’s one more thing need to talk about.
John steps behind him and begins to rub his back with long, slow strokes, both of his hands sliding up and down the fabric of his shirt in a bizarre kind of impromptu massage, and somehow he manages to stop wondering what this is. It's calming and confusing at the same time, but he's not as scared of it anymore. He just stands there and lets it happen.
good.”
“Love your mind,” I answer, too tired to hold my head up any longer. My forehead falling against his hipbone, I add: “Love
Hovering behind them, invisible, Emmeline smiles.
"Sherlock…"
I’ve never experimented with putting anything inside my body, but rather enjoyed being the dominant part when it came to physical relationships, somehow assuming that being the strong male lover and having something shoved up your arse are mutually exclusive. So far I’ve never felt that I’ve been missing out.
My heart pounding, my whole body nearly bursting with love, I pull him close and kiss him again.
After the fourth, fifth, sixth time, Sherlock's whole frame is vibrating, and it's the most wonderful sight. He is falling apart under John's hands. John wants to feel it, all of it, so he lets go of his leg and changes his position to lie down next to him, which causes his fingers to slip free of Sherlock's body by accident.
to talk about his guilt and exhaustion in only slight variations of the conversation that started it all and long, sad silences that we spend with him sitting or lying beside me, holding my hand. Sometimes he cries. Sometimes I read to him from his favourite book on bees. Sometimes we watch reruns of Doctor Who on the telly.
"I'm glad you think so. There couldn't have been anyone else but you for me."
His legs are slung around John's middle now, but he can't remember putting them there. It's all beginning to go fuzzy around the edges again, like a perfect trip, and he echoes John's moan and throws back his head, giving himself over to it. This is what it's meant to feel like. If it's the last time, as he is almost sure it is, he wants to remember this and nothing else.
“Mmmhhh…” I hum around him, making the sound last, pressing him against my palate with my tongue on every downwards move.
"We need a shower," Sherlock breathes against his lips, a small grin tugging at the corners of his mouth.
Sherlock doesn't stop him.
“Sleep it off now,” the older man murmurs into Sherlock's hair. “I’ll stay until Mrs Hudson comes back.”
"Me too. But trust me, you don't want to go bare the first time. It can feel… weird."
, you’re so fucking good like this,
tonight…”
"You!" John presses out, shaking his head. "You--- have
Somehow, John doesn't believe it.
, and the fact that he needs to let go, needs to trust his lover so completely to be able to enjoy it is what makes it both thrilling and terrifying. John knows that.
He is indeed a fantastic kisser.
"I need you," he says against the younger man's soft, delicious lips before he can stop himself. "All of you. Make love to me.
John wipes his face with the back of his hand and sniffs.
…" John whispers, his cheeks aflame. "Oh God…"
"Mmhhh,
on Netflix. During his time at the hospital, they found out that documentaries on submarine life calm him down, and John has made him a playlist of things to watch when he's in pain or restless.
"Oh God," Sherlock whispers. "Oh John. Yes."
, I see. Are they getting uncomfortable already, hm? Should have bought some shorts instead. I’ve been hard ever since you took off your shirt, but my attire is hiding it well, see…?”
It sounds incredulous, mocking, and like a challenge. John, feeling his blood boil on behalf of the man Wilkes' taunting question is directed at, looks at Sherlock and sees his face fall for the fraction of a second before he manages to get himself under control again, and seeing this, this short expression of plain
, I want to touch yours… I want to
He can almost
John shuffles a bit closer to him. “I’ve told you before—Rosie very clearly adores you. And I…” He drops his right hand down to Sherlock’s chest and trails his index finger down the button row of his purple shirt in a teasing, barely-there touch. “I love you,” he continues, his voice dropping to a low rumble. “And seeing you in this shirt drives me absolutely mad.”
“John… John…
“I will never get tired of waking up next to you, Sherlock Holmes,” John says, and he leans forward to kiss the top of Sherlock’s eyelids. “Even when I’m eighty years old.”
before?
"Yes, they do."
“Well, I don’t see why you shouldn’t, then. Mycroft’s going to have to carry your suitcase, though. You’re not allowed to lift heavy things.”
“Go to bed. Rosie’s sleeping.”
He lifts one eyebrow and presses his lips together.
Sherlock blushes, then nods.
Sherlock replaces his fingers with the head of his cock and pushes forwards, only a little, his thumb guiding the way, and John whimpers and holds his breath, all his muscles tensing up at once.
He slides his body against Sherlock’s side, chest to hip to toe, and cups his jaw in his free hand. Sherlock tilts his head into the kiss and puts the fingers of his left hand on John’s bicep. His right arm is trapped between their bodies, but he manages to run his knuckles along John’s thigh, and John shudders at the touch.
“I’m really,
The room around them flickers out of existence for a moment, and Sherlock blinks in confusion. When it reappears, he realises that John's hands have stopped hitting him. He's alone.
"Human brains don't work like that, John. It's
“Let me suck your cock; you’re so
They look at each other wordlessly after that, Sherlock half-naked and John still fully dressed, their arms wrapped around each other’s bodies, and John racks his brains for something to say to break the subtle tension still lingering in the air.
, yeah, like
"You too."
She stares at him, her chin held high. There are tears in her eyes, but she doesn't let them fall.
"How about a bath? I have to go to the Yard later and should probably try to get presentable again beforehand... Why don't we combine a necessary act with a pleasurable one?"
The moment it's out, he regrets it,
"John," he breathes, his eyes closing out of their own accord.
"Ssh-sshhh…" he hisses.
But he's scared for their friendship.
John nudges his teeth with the tip of his tongue.
“I researched you," he improvises. "Before we met I discovered everything that I could to impress you. It’s a trick. Just a magic trick.”
Sherlock hums, thus sending a series of very,
He unlocks the door and holds it open for John, who, after a brief moment of hesitation, steps over the threshold and into the hall, his head down, as if he was afraid of looking at him.
His beard brushes my length, chafes the thin, sensitive skin, and my thighs fall open without me telling them to. He chuckles darkly.
What follows are the ten longest weeks of my life. It’s ridiculous, really – I’ve waited for almost two years, so a few weeks more or less shouldn’t matter, but if time’s been going slow so far, it’s now barely shuffling past. Every minute stretches into infinity while I listen for the phone, for the doorbell, for something to happen – I don’t even know what.
A shudder runs through me, and my awkward embarrassment suddenly turns into helpless desire. My body tenses, not knowing how to process the onslaught of emotions, not knowing what to do to quench the thirst for contact, for touch, for
John will never give him what he really wants; he is aware of that. The other man made it clear that first night during dinner, and then time and time again. It's alright. Sherlock will take all the attention, all the affection he can get, however small it might turn out to be. He just wants to be with him, in whichever constellation John sees fit. In the most confused, terrifying hours of Sherlock's life, John has been his light. His compass. He can't lose that.
"I know," he answers in a vacant sort of voice.
"I need a day to recover," he answers. "Maybe two. My arm---"
"Yes, yes…" he hisses. "
His jeans, already sitting low on his hips, are next. His penis is rather large, and very hard. I can tell from the bulge in his navy pants. They're tight. He doesn't take them off, keeps what is hiding inside a secret for now. He's barefoot already.
“You’re worried they’re right about me.”
“And I you,” I say, my voice firmer now. “There’s nothing that could keep me from you, from
He thinks of the last time he did this, years and years ago, and hopes his body still remembers, because his brain is shutting down in anticipation of what's to come, and he really can't blame it.
"Do you now understand what I was getting at earlier?"
"Oh…"
, since you dropped her after coming to your senses again?”
the remarkable one. My conductor of light, my constant, the great love of my life, and—I wouldn’t be here without you. I owe you everything.”
John laughs, wrapping his arm around Sherlock’s waist and pulling him in closer. “Most of the people in London already know who we are, and what we do. I guarantee none of Rosie’s classmates, nor their parents, will be the least bit surprised. If anything else, your talking to them about it will deepen their understanding of you, and they will appreciate you even more.”
"Excuse me?"
Sherlock grins. It's such a dazzling sight that for a tiny moment, John forgets that he's scared.
"When we met, I tried to make sand circles for you, John. Interesting cases. Murders. Riddles, deductions. From the moment you entered the lab, I knew I wanted you to stay with me. I'd have done anything to achieve that."
All the things they needed to say have been said.
He laughs then, his chest vibrating against mine, and kisses me again.
“That’s why you’re so upset. You can’t even entertain the possibility that they might be right. You’re afraid that you’ve been taken in as well,” he says quickly.
“Come here,” John instructs as he shuffles backwards to sit in the middle of the bed.
John does, and Sherlock lets out a long, nervous sigh.
He tries to smile, but he can tell it turns out twisted and wrong.
Sherlock’s back is covered in scars. They’re not very old – a year, tops. They’re still mostly red and gnarly and haven’t taken on the silvery hue of older ones yet. They tell a story of violent blows, deep wounds, unspeakable agony. He feels sick.
I add my own share to the mess he’s made between us, my orgasm so sudden that I feel dizzy for a moment.
John lets out a long whine that makes the hair at the back of Sherlock's neck stand on end. John is breaking apart, and there is nothing he can do to prevent it. He feels helpless and hates himself for his inability to deal with this the way he feels he should.
He likes to make people assume otherwise, but deep inside he knows he's vain, and it bothers him. It's so dull. So
He feels high.
for me… I’ll let go, too… I’ll come inside of you… Hmmm… Sherlock… Oh God,
"Oh my
"I know. I want it, too, Sherlock… I want it so much," he murmurs.
scream his name into the white noise of the pouring rain, his enraptured face illuminated by lightning, and John swallows his moans and shouts and holds his shaking body tight.
This is
Sherlock hesitates for the briefest of moments, but then lets go of him and turns around, allowing his shirt to slide off his body and to the floor.
Sherlock rumbles deep down in his chest. Without opening his lids, he murmurs: "No. I want to hold you."
"I need you," he murmurs against the wet flesh still pulsing against his lips. "Say you want this. Please."
“I’m tired of being the one who tells you what to do. I’m tired of being the one who’s in control. I’ve been in control for the last two bloody
"You were tortured?" John asks.
acknowledge that they were wrong. I really do by now. Your violence shocked me, because I--- I trusted you, and I never thought you'd ever turn against me like that. And your words hurt even more than your physical attacks, because… I knew they were true---"
He looks up and shrugs.
John watches Sherlock sit down on his bed and then get under the covers. His friend looks young and pure and somehow smaller, more delicate this way, naked except for his underwear, and he loves the contrast of his raven hair against the white pillows.
She leans back in her chair and rubs his shoulder, her other hand resting on her bulging middle.
Sherlock licks his dry lips and walks over to them, but doesn't sit down. He's not sure how to behave. Should he bend down and kiss John? Is he intruding on something here? Should he pretend nothing happened? Should he ask John what it
Finally, after endless minutes have passed us by in that fashion, I feel his passage ripple around my length and then open up completely, allowing me to slide inside even further, and it is such a divine sensation that I cannot help but grunt in delight.
“Mr Holmes! You are in! I did not hear you come home. Why, I must be getting old and deaf.”
Rosie beams at him and grabs Sherlock’s right hand, trying to pull him into the direction of the door. “Let’s go, Papa!”
His fingers keep playing with the hair behind Sherlock's ear. Sherlock's breath is caressing his cheeks. It's surprisingly pleasant.
him, because if I didn't, then the moment he'd be gone, my life would just… stop. I'm selfish – I know that. And I'm sorry, but I can't bear the pain. I know what it's like; I know what
“No,” I snap. “It can’t. It
Sherlock groans lasciviously and bobs his head a few times, making the view enticing - he knows what he looks like going down on someone, has been praised for it before, and
If he lost him, he'd die.
John's mouth tastes fantastic.
that happened?
She snorts.
Mrs Hudson smiles, and now it’s Sherlock’s hand’s turn to be patted.
They’ve stopped talking. The only sounds breaking the silence of the room are those of wet, hungry kisses, heavy breathing, and the occasional slapping of skin against skin. The air around them is thick with perspiration and the scent of sex. Sherlock tastes delicious, of salt and himself, and John sucks his tongue into his mouth again and again, addicted to it. He's soaked in sweat, burning all over, but he's not done yet, oh, far from it. This is perfect. It's slow and tantalising, the way they move together, and it hasn't felt like this for a long while. Sherlock feels more open, somehow, more vulnerable, but also so much more receptive than usual, and John is sure that it has something to do with him shaking off a few of the demons of his past today.
"I did," he replies, because it's true.
"We can stop, Sherlock. We don't have to do it like that if you don't---"
He takes a deep breath and enters the room, which is much larger than it appeared from the outside. With a few deft steps he reaches Sherlock, and the other man spins around, holding out his hands to keep him back.
Not giving me a chance to think, let alone answer (as if I could ever deny him
Sherlock huffs and lightly swats him on the thigh. “I didn’t mean
the one who's guilty. You hurt me by leaving me. But I wronged you in the most terrible way. I--- I overstepped a line I should never have crossed. I hated you for a while, and when you returned to me, I wanted to make you pay. And then--- then Mary died, and we had already sort of lost touch somehow, and it was so easy to just cut you out of my life entirely. If Mrs Hudson hadn't forced me to talk to you… I don't know, Sherlock. If you had died because of me neglecting you--- If you really had overdosed, or--- I don't know---" He breaks off and tries to breathe through the panic settling in his chest. "When I attacked you after your relapse, and told you to--- to just die---
“Since you’re not fully operational at the moment, I’ll lend you a hand,” he then whispers and opens his own trousers next, his eyes on mine, his tongue sneaking out to wet his lower lip.
He's a whimpering mess, begging to be taken.
John bites down on his bottom lip and takes a deep breath. He looks so beautiful, Sherlock thinks, and so sad.
"They tortured you," I state lowly, because it feels as if the way he's describing it doesn't do the severity of his injuries justice.
Well.
He’s not ready to confess this embarrassingly human weakness that’s befallen him so suddenly.
" he says lowly and then raises his head to pierce Sherlock with a desperate, exasperated look. "I’m sorry, Sherlock. I’m bollocks at this. I’m---
"Stop it, John."
“I feel I hardly have the right to ask you this, because I am guilty of staying silent myself, but… why did you never tell me?” I ask. “Why didn’t you---
He knows all that.
“No,” he says. “I wouldn’t miss a single moment of this.”
He’s talking fast, and I rub his shoulder and listen. Later, there might be time to say something in return, to tell him that it wasn’t his fault, but I know that that’s only of minor significance right now – he needs to get it out of his head, his heart; it’s like a poison that’s paralysing his soul, and it has to go, to flow out of him, so that he can heal.
Sherlock smiles. The muted light of his bedside lamp is bathing John in its warm glow, and the white noise of the rain still falling outside makes him feel calm and disconnected from the rest of the world, safely shut up in the cocoon of this flat, where it's only John and him tonight.
“Yeah,” he sighs. “Why not?” He looks at the familiar pattern of the wallpaper and at the cold fireplace, and then back at Sherlock’s face, because he needs to gauge his reaction, if there’ll be one. “I left Mary yesterday.”
"I don't feel like it."
, and then he makes him turn around and puts his face where no one has ever kissed John before. He tells him that he tastes like heaven, and just when John thinks that he can't take anything more he grips his hips and moves him around again and lets him finish in his mouth, and he swallows all of it and moans with delight as he does so. John laughs and cries at the same time and tells him that if they had lube, he'd want Sherlock to fuck him
"Relax…" Sherlock repeats, rumbling lowly, and John inhales his friend's scent, which is
"You're not. It's me, John. I'm sorry. I--- I'm so sorry. I wanted to do this differently."
a zipper.
All of a sudden, he can’t breathe. He grabs the zipper of his jacket and pulls it down hastily, almost aggressively.
Sherlock nods his consent wordlessly, his chest heaving with deep, silent breaths. John lets go of him and straightens up, pulling the other man's limp form into a sitting position in the process.
"John, I'm sorry--- I didn't mean it---"
“John,” he mutters and a long, hard shiver runs through him. His hand lays itself upon my arm, ever so gently. “Mmhhh!”
She stares at me in wonder.
There might still be a way to distract him, get rid of him.
He groans and
"I can still smell her everywhere. Fucking
"God, yes, baby… Oh God, so
," I say quietly.
He likes women.
"Sher---" he starts, but Sherlock draws him in for a hard kiss that smothers the rest of his name before it can make it out from between his lips.
asleep.
I run my tongue along the tendon standing out at the side of his long, white neck and moan against his damp skin, feeling the frantic beat of his pulse flutter against my lips. It is utter bliss to be with him like this, to see him let go of all his demons and be the one responsible for it, and in a fit of possessive pride I put my palm over the place where his heart is drumming as if it wanted to burst out from behind his ribs.
He doesn't have enough hands. His left arm is trapped between Sherlock's upper back and the mattress, his hand clutching the back of his neck, and his right hand is busy thrusting into his wet, welcoming warmth, faster and faster, and he wants all of it, all at once, Sherlock's mouth against his, his pulsing length in his hand, too, and his tight passage throbbing around his fingers, but it's not possible, at least not while lying here with him like this, so he settles for the next best thing.
I really can't blame her.
John’s right. Deducing is good. It’s safe. Failproof.
"I do love you. But I'm not blind. Look at your eyes, Sherlock. Really
His right hand wanders to my front and he strokes his palm up and down the underside of my cock with not nearly enough pressure, and I clench my teeth and will myself not to groan with impatience. My whole lower body is on fire, and he only intensifies the feeling when he uses his free hand to spread me open for him and his incredible mouth.
"Please show me," John says, no,
him. For using again. For disregarding his own life as if it belonged only to him, as if the people who love him (or at least used to do) didn't count. For manipulating him into coming back and doing this, for making him fall head over heels into madness again, into Sherlock Holmes' little game. And he's
“Aspire away,” he says.
“You can just stay in your bedroom, or in mine, if you need more time. Or I can find an excuse to visit her at her place.”
,” he moans, his legs beginning to tremble.
John rubs his thumbs into the creases of Sherlock's thighs, increasing the pressure until he feels his lover's body start to writhe with impatience, and then he uses one hand to gently grab and knead his testicles and the other one to give his half-hard penis a slow, deft stroke from base to tip and back again.
"Most of the time, yes… Sometimes---
I guess he needs the confirmation –
“Hey, come on… What’s wrong, hm? Come here…”
I speed up my thrusts and reach down with one hand to make a tight fist around his cock, and he almost howls at the touch. He’s so, so hard, and the sweat and lube and precome coating his skin make him slip back and forth in my grasp with the movement of our hips. I can feel the blood pulsing through his length, and I know he’s about to come. Any moment now.
He's so tired of getting up each day. He's tired of his work, of his colleagues, of his so-called friends. Not one of them knows who he really is, and not one has ever cared to find out. The only one who ever really saw him for what he was has been gone for a year now, and there are days when John has to concentrate hard to even be able to recall his face in front of his inner eye. At the same time it often feels as if it had happened only days ago. The pain is still so fresh, and yet he's numb all over, has been feeling like that for months now.
“Yeah, thanks. I’ve already thought about that. But it can’t be helped, can it?”
I wish he didn’t look so sad.
--- I'll finish if--- oh,
My voice breaks and I swallow down the tears rising up inside of me. I can’t break down now. Not in front of Mycroft.
“Very new?” she asks curiously.
draw it out, make it last forever, push Sherlock towards the edge again and again. He's in the mood for it.
John never could have guessed how difficult it would be for them to say goodbye at the end of the day. He had assumed Sherlock would be bursting through the exits, ready to head home, but he willingly stays and speaks with every person there. Every child who wants to say hello and give him a high-five and tell him he’s their hero. Every adult who wants to thank him and John for the “amazing work” they do. Even Mrs. Wallace extends a grateful hand and lets them know how much she truly appreciates them being there.
John cringes at Greg in what he hopes he’ll understand as sympathy. Then he feels Sherlock’s eyes settle on him and pierce him with one of his uncanny deducing looks. It’s like being x-rayed, and John meets Sherlock’s gaze and just lets it happen.
She grimaces.
He follows the path his fingers take with his lips, planting tender kisses here and there as he makes his way down his front. Then he has to stop to pull the shirt out of the waistband of Sherlock’s trousers, and there’s the last button. And when that one has been opened as well, the only thing left is skin; milky white and perfect, dusted with small clusters of freckles and gleaming in the moonlight filtering in through the curtains.
The decision is taken away from me by a deft knock at the door. It’s Mary’s day shift today, and a moment later I hear her open the door for my next patient. I glance up from my papers and see a tall, apparently very sniffly man in a black jumper with the hood pulled up shuffle in behind her. He’s wearing sunglasses. Maybe just hungover, then.
tempted to look, to see details, but it turns out he can't tear his gaze away from that face, from that gorgeous look of rapture on the usually calm and collected features.
"A bath, then," he answers, rubbing John's back, dipping his fingertips into the two dimples at the base of his spine. "A long, hot bath. Together."
Is he alright?
He looks paler than usual in the silvery light, and there's a fine sheen of sweat glistening on his forehead. John follows his gaze, his mind spinning. It's obvious that Sherlock is really convinced that his late wife has returned from the dead, just because – and now he can see it too – the woman in the painting shows a slight resemblance to her, and he's not sure how to react. This is a bit like at the pub in Dartmoor, but Sherlock wasn't panicking as much back then.
In John's chest, fear and daring are battling for dominance. This is all going so fast. Two years' worth of bottled-up emotions are sweeping over him, carrying a landslide of unsaid things in their wake, and they need to be said now now
God, does he ever want to. Always has. Always will.
"You shouldn't forgive so easily," he replies, desperate to make Sherlock understand. "I'm an adult. I haven't spoken to my parents for over twenty years. I make my own decisions, and I decided wrong. Nothing to do with my father, really."
What’s the fucking
Sherlock Holmes is tired. The drug Irene Adler injected him with has worn off by now, but his brain is still trying to wrap itself around the fact that it can't deduce her. That he can't make sense of it all. This has never happened to him before, at least not to this extent.
He stares at a scratch in the table top.
"I should have known that your version of romance includes spending the night in a cold, empty mansion… without food. You never eat. It figures."
Everybody who knows Sherlock Holmes, however distantly, is aware of the fact that he doesn't do sentiment. He doesn't entertain irrational ideas, and he doesn't wish for things that are impossible to attain, because there's simply no point.
John furrows a brow at her; he’s not heard anything about this. “Pardon?” he asks, perhaps a bit too apprehensively.
Lying here in the afterglow feels like home, like he is where he
But still.
moan and realises that it's him, he's not embarrassed at all.
Sherlock is not touching him in any way, but just staring at him with a look of absolute, undisguised desire on his face, and John knows that it’s up to him now. If he wants this to continue, he’ll have to make the next move.
, love… That was--- too much."
John doesn’t understand, but he puts his hands on Sherlock’s arms where they are crossing in front of his own chest and just holds on to him. Sherlock sighs. His mouth is right next to John’s ear.
Maybe he should really let him go, just to keep him safe. Maybe it's for the best.
“We don’t have to do it like that if you can’t,” he whispers, his eyes fixed on John’s. “But I loved your fingers inside of me.
“Yes. You’re
The dressing gown makes a whispering sound as it slithers to the floor, and then John is in bed with him, smooth and firm, his hands already wandering even before their lips meet in a kiss that's far from chaste or careful.
"You're the first one I can be myself with. The only one, John."
"Dada!" she said when he approached them, and he pointed at Sherlock and asked, just to make sure: "Who's that, Rosie?"
"I'm pretty sure too," Sherlock mumbles into his skin. "John."
me, come on..."
It has been going on for days, coming down in torrents that seem to never want to end, and Sherlock finds him hovering near the front door of 221B, drenched to the bone, his shoulders hunched and his face pale, so pale.
Rosie takes her husband's arm.
It says: "Kudos, Dr Watson."
As soon as it's only John and him again, he picks up his violin and goes to stand by the window and play a random, idle tune – he needs to calm down, figure it out, focus. It'll all become clear soon enough. There hasn't ever been a case he wasn't able to solve, and the mystery surrounding Irene Adler won't become the exception to the rule. He won't allow it. A little music, a little time in his mind palace, and he'll get to the bottom of it all.
" – "Don't you like it?" – "Of course I do, but---" – "Mmhhh… Shut up, John." – "O---okay--- oh, fuck,
John.
"Ow," John pants, his movements faltering. "
"Good," John then says and pulls away to look at Sherlock.
Sherlock doesn’t answer, but nips at his lips and slides his tongue into his mouth, and John opens up willingly, melting into his embrace. He hopes the kiss and whatever is about to follow it will distract Sherlock from the fact that the deduction he’s just made is probably completely correct.
Afterwards, they doze off in a tangle of arms and legs, minds blank and bodies warm and heavy, and when he comes back to his senses after a while, John knows that he's in Sherlock's bed right away. It smells like life, like ecstasy. Like safety and trust and
I remember holding you, the back of your head leaning against my shoulder, your wet curls tickling my nose. I said I’d never thought you were a cuddler, and you laughed. The whole bathroom vibrated with that sweet, carefree sound your baritone so seldom produced, and I thought that if I had a mind palace, this moment would definitely go in there to be filed away, to be conserved, protected, looked at again and again. I held you tighter then and closed my eyes, and we almost fell asleep.
…” he whispers, speaking right against my skin and driving me insane with it. “And underneath, you’re like
He bites his lip.
Sherlock's gaze turns desperate.
He grimaces in resignation, then smiles tiredly. Now that the initial tension has left him, he seems to be crumpling a bit.
"I'm not hungry," Sherlock replies lowly, and John watches the muscles of his jaw work and knows that the other man is fighting to stop himself from grinding his teeth in agony.
"God, I want that, too. I can't tell you how much. But it'll have to wait until tonight, I'm afraid… Rosie will wake up soon. And I'm not going to rush this… I want to savour it. I want to--- to give you all of me tonight."
That’s the closest he’s ever come to openly admitting to me what Sherlock means to him. But I’m still angry.
"Then I'll be alone. And I'll have myself to blame."
“I--- Mrs Hudson, I can’t--- I don’t want to get rid of anything right now. Not yet, anyway.”
John furrows his brow.
Sherlock sinks into John as they kiss, a small sigh escaping his parted lips and slipping into John's mouth along with his tongue, and John's palms slide up to hold his head and he gently runs his fingers through his hair.
Sherlock's whole body breaks out in goosebumps when John ends the kiss and runs his tongue across their knuckles instead, pushes it into the gaps between their fingers, sucks the last traces of honey right off their skin as if it was the most delicious thing he's ever tasted.
“She’s asleep, John.”
, now, and he's stroking me slowly, his wrist caught in the waistband of my silk boxers. His fingers are strong, but gentle. He knows exactly what I need.
He hums as if in acknowledgement of my offer.
"Sherlock!" John shouts, frustration palpable in his voice. "I've loved you
, yes.”
“Are you alright?” I ask Sherlock, who’s been staring into space for the last two minutes.
"Come."
"Very good," he whispers.
Sherlock's deep, slightly mocking voice rings through the darkness, and then he shines his phone torch right into John's face.
It won't be easy, working through all of this, addressing all the issues standing between them, and he knows there's a long, laborious way lying ahead of them. Nevertheless, he
“I want your skin,” he mumbles into their kiss.
Maybe because of
“No, it wasn’t,” I agree. “It was--- I knew it was just for show, but I also knew we wouldn’t see each other for months to come, so… it was difficult.”
I want to clean the cleft of his buttocks as well to get rid of the lube gathering there, but stop in mid-wipe to watch, mesmerised, as my own come begins to trickle out of him and then slowly runs down his testicles and the insides of his thighs.
something," he adds pleadingly.
He doesn't. He just keeps on pounding into her until he comes, his eyes squeezed shut, his face buried in her neck. His orgasm almost makes him pass out.
I find it difficult to feel anything, but then I remember how this was supposed to play out - how he and Mycroft had planned to do it. I wouldn't have known. I would have seen him jump, and I would have thought it was real. I would have lost him, just like that. Who knows - we might have had a fight before that, or maybe I wouldn't have said goodbye properly when he left, and then---
Sherlock tells it to sod off.
"I'm--- scared," Sherlock breathes. "I'm sorry. I know I’m killing the mood."
"Fuck," John breathes and licks Sherlock's earlobe, sucks it into his mouth and bites down on it before releasing it again. "You feel
"There are a few promising ones, but they don't appear to be very urgent, so I deemed it more useful to make some time for--- the two of us. To… talk," he replies. "I know you feel the need to, and although I find it difficult, I know your desire to address our--- past is justified."
As he approaches the school gates, the large oaken doors open, and he can already spot Rosie skipping down the stairs, surrounded by her classmates. They all scatter in the schoolyard, greeted by their mums and dads and caretakers. John walks closer, and as she races across the lawn, spirited and full of confidence, he thinks to himself, a bit bittersweetly, that she’s not so
He inhales audibly.
But something is off, and John is sure that this isn't over yet.
"I'm sorry," Sherlock suddenly talks over him. "I don't--- feel well." He sways and leans onto John more heavily. "
And it has got better, hasn't it?
"Do you remember when we used to do this at Baker Street?" John asks. "The bath was about half the size of this one."
I put the small tube on the bed, right next to his right arm, and then I get behind him and lean forwards to rain some light kisses onto the bare skin visible between his bandages, loving the way he shivers in response.
"John---"
“Kiss me,” he whispers against him, and Sherlock shivers.
We meet in yet another long kiss, during which I unbutton his pyjama shirt and slip it off his arms.
treatment whatsoever.”
“I’ve been longing for you… longing to taste you…”
it now, and for a moment he really wants to die, just to make it stop.
. I turned into the person I never wanted to become. I hate myself for it, and I cannot take it back. Never, Sherlock. I'll never forgive myself for doing that to you."
kind of together, I was surprised to find that I could fall so hard for another man. You taught me things about myself I’d never thought possible before. I wanted you, your body, all of you, so much. After a while, I realised that I should have been even more surprised to be
the one who made mistakes. Please. You won't heal before you do. It'll always be there, in your subconscious, and one day it'll come to the surface, and then the ground will fall from under your feet. I know it. I--- I saw you flinch when I was around, Sherlock, in the time before your relapse. I saw how scared you were. You're traumatised, and it's my fault."
“It’s okay. It’s okay, Sherlock.” I sit up as well, feeling strangely empty, already missing his presence inside of me. He completed me, and now he’s gone again. “We’ll get through this, Sherlock. Okay?”
," Sherlock chants lowly and tightens his grip around himself, a shuddering wave running through him that John can feel deep down in his bones.
, and it’s intoxicating. He feels something wild inside of him stir and come to life, and although he’s fond of the idea that this is them
Sherlock snorts.
The tears in his voice clash with the blissful, radiant smile on his face, and John laughs. It sounds mildly hysterical even to his own ears.
I need some room to rest my leg, and I want our position to be as close to my fantasy as possible, so I wait for him to comply and then settle between his thighs, gazing up at him. I can smell his need amidst the unique musky scent I have already come to associate with him, and my mind goes numb. It all narrows down to the man spread out before me in invitation and surrender, and nothing else in this whole wide universe is important anymore.
“I--- I--- I can’t come down, so we’ll--- we’ll just have to do it like this,” he stammers.
He did, and when he got back, he found Sherlock standing by the window, Rosie in his arms, rocking her back and forth, talking to her in a low voice and kissing her blonde, downy head.
"It's okay. I know you can't help it."
…” John whispers.
He is exceptionally glad that Sherlock isn't looking at him right now. He's blushing so furiously that he's sure he's glowing in the dark. His whole face is burning.
"Good," he mutters back.
John's thoughts wander forwards and into the future, to the next day, and a cool wave of apprehension washes over him. He'll tell Rosie tomorrow. He's almost sure how she's going to react, but he hopes he'll manage to make her see the reasons why he's doing this, to make her understand, at least so much that she won't hate herself for not intervening.
I frown at him.
As Sherlock walks hand-in-hand with Rosie, who skips at his side, he seems remarkably comfortable in his skin. John isn’t sure if it’s a testament to how brave he’s trying to be for Rosie, or if he’s actually feeling alright about all of this, but either way, he couldn’t be prouder.
to do it, John. You can just be at home.”
His legs sling themselves around my lower back, and my next thrust misses its aim and causes me to slip-slide further down between his thighs, past his scrotum, nudging the soft, damp place between his buttocks. He's so hot down there. I feel the urge to just
Sherlock hesitates, but then nods slowly.
John huffs, but returns the grin and takes the bottle from him to unscrew the cap.
When they step back onto the street, John can't help himself. Wilkes calling Sherlock
," he hisses, planting his feet against the floor.
The wounds on his back are pulsing faintly. He's glad that the stitches didn't open up again when he fell. On the other hand, he would have deserved it. He deserved the bloody nose, too, and the cut on his lip and cheekbone.
He leans his head against his forearm and moans, his shoulders heaving in time with his panting. Every breath he takes makes him clench down on me ever so slightly, and after a minute of enjoying this new closeness I can’t take it anymore. I have to move, to come, to give him my all.
“We decided upon the Edinburgh case,” Sherlock insists. They stand in front of the mirror, John helping Sherlock tie his tie as they debate which case to discuss.
…” I sigh and put my other hand on his head as well to card my fingers through his hair.
, if John only wanted to.
The MYphone rings again.
“And you the room.”
"Oh God. Oh no."
“Please remain calm,” the Captain says, his disembodied voice crackling through the stale cabin air, which is slowly getting colder and colder and feels weirdly damp in John’s lungs. That’s probably all the sweating and panting everybody’s doing by now.
“It’s er…at the dry cleaner’s,” Sherlock fibs.
He stops and bites down on his bottom lip, breathing hard, having talked himself into a frenzy. Sherlock swallows audibly, his Adam's apple jumping. His heart is hammering against John's palm.
“Maybe we need a revolution, too.”
He’s doing it on purpose. It’s not by chance that he’s using all those fricatives. Every puff of air slipping out from between his teeth is a tiny provocative touch, a small spark of arousal, a promise for more. My legs are already shaking.
A shiver runs down my back upon hearing this. I look into his face and see fear there, and also a barely noticeable hint of defiance. I’d miss it if I didn’t know him so well. He chose these words carefully, and he wants to see my reaction to them. I’m slightly taken aback by how my heart starts to stutter in response, how my body is drawn to him,
It's supposed to be half-warning, half-plea, but it sounds nothing but outright wanton and
He’s sound asleep in barely two minutes.
, which is much worse.
If I didn’t know that he’s not dead, this would probably be the time around which I’d either start to have obscene amounts of casual sex, become an alcoholic, or just end it all and kill myself.
He tucks himself back into his boxers, leaving his trousers open because he’s still hard, and then carefully lowers himself down to the floor, wrapping his arms around the man sitting in front of him in the process.
yes."
“I’d love for you to just kiss me now, John,” Sherlock says lowly. “Like… before. That was very enjoyable.”
This shouldn't be---
I’ve made up my mind. I get up and walk around the table until I’m standing right beside him. He looks up at me and puts down his cutlery.
John pushes inside with small, barely-there thrusts until his loins are pressing against Sherlock’s arse and then looks down at him, his face flushed, his brow knitted in concentration.
Sherlock wants to push him away, wants to ask him if he's lost his mind, but he can’t. He just
I grin and throw the now soiled t-shirt aside before getting up as well and lying down next to him.
The last remark hits me like a kick in the gut, because I know it’s true. Not even I could have gotten him to stop, and that knowledge hurts, even though the rational part of my mind knows why he had to do it.
“No, stay exactly where you are. Don’t move.”
He smirks with only one side of his mouth, which makes him look more handsome than should be permitted, and nods.
“Fuck,” he hisses. “
"Can I taste your beautiful cock, Sherlock?" he asks huskily, because he can't resist pushing him a bit.
"No!"
I nod and sip my tea.
“Sshhh…” Sherlock says and kisses the top of his head. “No. No, John. You didn’t know, and you were very upset. I should never have assumed you’d just stop living until I came back. I behaved in a horribly self-absorbed way and I put you through too much. I deserved it. I don’t hold it against you.”
John tries to breathe evenly, but fails.
“That’s rather
, and he's afraid that they'll never, ever get out of this alive.
I want to say something, anything, just to make this terrible feeling inside of me stop, but I can’t think of a single thing to tell him, so I just stand there and watch him walk away.
“I can do it. I always thought you knew that you could rely on me. Was I wrong?”
I feel him breathe under my palms as I open his waistcoat to give me better access to what lies underneath, and when a satisfyingly large part of his endless neck has been freed from the confinement of his shirt I pull him against me and latch onto the white skin on display to kiss my way up towards the edge of his jaw, careful to employ my moustache to my advantage. He tastes like heaven and feels like expensive silk against my lips and tongue.
“I’m afraid we won’t ever visit the Turkish bath again, my dearest John. At least not together.”
At least Sherlock’s safe and healthy
badly, so he works his tongue against the underside of Sherlock’s cock and finally pushes in with his middle finger. Sherlock’s entrance grips him tightly, but he can slide inside up to the first knuckle, and the lubrication is enough to be able to move in and out with slow, shallow thrusts.
His entire midsection is on fire, and for a brief moment he reconsiders his plan to take all of this slow and make it last as long as possible. Sherlock’s divine mouth makes it quite difficult to think, and even more difficult to hold back.
His hand slips between us and he fumbles with the zippers, buttons and flies of the garments separating us, and then our cocks finally touch, flesh on flesh, so warm, so silky-smooth, and I hiss and grab his arse to pull him against me.
I listen to him inhale and exhale in a slow, steady rhythm, my eyes closed, my cheek pressed against my pillow, and imagine him in bed with me.
One night. This night. He has this night.
"Why did you tell me to go back to Mary after she shot you?" he asks without meaning to.
"Mmhhh," John hums.
Sherlock grips the back of John's head with his free hand and cards his fingers through his damp hair.
"What are you thinking about?" John asks and tucks some stray curls behind Sherlock's ears.
On the other side of the road, a CCTV camera slowly turns its cold eye away. I suppress the sudden urge to give it the finger.
And if he's really honest, he isn't even sure if he still cares.
John is rambling, but he doesn't care. Sherlock
when I interrupted you,” she quips. Her voice sounds much firmer now.
But you could write on it.
He looks up.
“Hello, John,” he says.
I’d gladly stay awake forever if that meant he’d never have to face his memories again.
"I'd say it's common knowledge, but I know it doesn't work like that with you."
kill him.
Sherlock takes a deep breath.
that to me?"
"Please say something," John pleads after the third minute has ticked by without a sound.
He utters a brief laugh, but then turns serious again.
John gives him more.
“Of course,” he answers silkily, sounding
Even when they were still only flatmates and he happened to come home to his friend slumbering in the living-room, completely exhausted from obsessing over a case, John often stood next to him for a while and watched his peaceful face, looking so much younger in those moments, and the careless slump of his long form draped in graceful postures across the couch, his chest rising and falling softly with deep, regular breaths.
He's breathing fast, and John is confident that this is going to work.
No. Not your eyes. Not your beautiful, beautiful eyes.
until they both can't breathe, or speak, or move.
I push my tongue past his tight, puckered rim, and immediately his whole body jerks back and into it, begging for more. I grant it willingly, eagerly, and for a while the only sounds breaking the silence around us are the wet, filthy kisses I administer to his opening and the wanton moans he tries to hold inside, but which escape from behind his hand as small, breathless sobs. I wonder if he could finish like this - the noises he is making right now are more than enough to spur me on to try and find out.
, and I don’t think I’ve ever enjoyed a quickie this much in all my life.
“What
"Alright. Off to Baker Street."
John's thumb is like a whisper against his cheekbone, like the softest of kisses, like safety and trust and
“You are not a man of words, indeed… but to have reduced you to this degree of taciturnity fills me with a certain amount of pr---”
To be honest, I thought it would be easier.
“Mmhhh…Getting numb?” John asks and opens his eyes, having a hard time to focus, because he can somehow feel Sherlock speak from where he is embedded in his body, and it’s a glorious sensation.
It makes John tremble all over.
He squints at me.
He does not have to ask twice.
He's scared that if he tried, all that would make it out of his mouth would be a sob.
"I can't imagine that."
He's right. But this might be my only chance. I'd be crazy not to take it.
, Sherlock thinks, from the arches of his feet to the wayward silver strands falling into his eyes as he gently threads his fingers through his hair and stares at him from under heavy lids.
. That night, Mary left for good. She watched him, there on the bathroom floor, and when he tried to speak to her, she looked at him in a sad, disappointed way, and then just vanished. And she never came back. Maybe he wasn't mourning her enough.
Sherlock’s bedroom smells just like him, and John feels intoxicated by the scent when Sherlock drags him through the door and then kicks it closed with his foot before embracing him again, his face nuzzling his hair.
He's surprised how little he minds her asking that question and wonders whether he should have talked to her about it long before now.
How fitting.
He starts to cry in earnest now. His tears trickle into the fabric of the bedsheet, turning it a darker colour. When he rolls his head from side to side, I can see that he’s smiling blissfully, even as shaky sobs work their way out of his chest.
John is glad that Rosie doesn't make a fuss when he puts her to bed and reads her a story, and after kissing her forehead and making sure the baby monitor is switched on and working, he quietly leaves the room and closes the door behind himself. Usually they leave it open just a crack, but tonight he doesn't want to do that.
He props himself up on one elbow and then raises his free arm to hook his index finger into my collar. Just like the very first time. Slowly, he then pulls at me until our mouths are close enough to touch, and I shut my eyes. The kiss is soft, tentative, not more than a gentle brushing of lips against lips, but it means so, so much.
Trying not to make a sound and disturb him, Sherlock makes his way into the bathroom. Coming to a halt in front of the mirror, he stares at himself. He expected to find something in his face, his eyes, that somehow reflects the enormity of what occured last night, but there's nothing. Nothing at all. He wonders how it can be possible for him to look this normal on the outside while everything inside of him is twisting, churning, fighting to come out and scream to the heavens, cursing them for giving him what he's been yearning for for so long just to take it away again.
His saviour.
John stares at him, his jaw set, and Sherlock comes back to his senses. It's unnerving how little he is able to read him in moments like this.
"I do love you."
feel guilty – have been doing so ever since he went away, in fact. But I did the right thing, and I know she’ll understand as soon as she calms down a bit.
John goes to work.
He's rambling, still floating high himself, it seems, and John keeps his eyes closed and just feels him, smells him, listens to his mumbled words of praise.
He hates him right now.
He forgets the world around them as soon as his lips close around Sherlock's shaft, its silky hardness and musky taste all that he can focus on. Sherlock's thighs are trembling against him and he traps them with his upper arms to keep him from thrusting up and into his throat. He knows Sherlock enjoys being at his mercy, and he himself loves being in charge of how fast this is going to go.
, his knuckles white, his grip clenching and unclenching in an incoherent gesture of desperate frenzy.
happy.
“Yes,” he repeats. “Please, John.
I wonder where “home” is, now that you’re gone.
What is soon, I ask him. Are we talking about weeks? Months? How many months?
"You worthless piece of
“Didn’t look like you were having
"I assume you're indeed fine, since you're still able to insult me."
. It hasn't felt like this for years.
"Get up here," he pants, and she complies, tottering, drunk as well.
Surprisingly, it doesn't take as much courage as he would have expected – it comes quite naturally to him, in fact. He closes the distance between their faces and kisses Sherlock, very tenderly and yet with enough determined pressure to show him what this is about, and that it's
He nudges John's prostate with his fingertips, again and again, and begins to roll his hips against John's in the same slow, languid pace. There’s a lot of precome by now, and John can’t tell anymore if it’s Sherlock's or his own. Everything’s slick and warm there between them, and he bites Sherlock's neck and grunts against his sweaty skin, no longer caring about the sounds he's emitting.
He wishes John would leave.
. This is Sherlock. John has never felt this way before, for anybody, and the fact that he's hurt the other man so much in the past only adds to the feeling that being allowed to make love to him is something huge, something monumental, and something that's not to be taken for granted.
year ago. And allow me to say it
Sherlock exhales against the back of his head and neck, making him shiver in response.
He's not sure he'll ever be over it, even though he knows he has to try to make John stay. He couldn't cope if John went away again, if he left him here to his own devices. He'd probably do something very, very stupid.
John swallows the chuckle threatening to escape his throat. He thinks it’s incredibly sweet that Sherlock’s inquiring nature doesn’t even quiet down in the most intimate of moments, but he doesn’t want his friend to feel mocked, so he just looks down at him and smiles.
"Yes," Sherlock says and smiles faintly. He can tell it doesn't look convincing at all, but he can't help it. "I'm finished. Go ahead."
Suddenly, I'm not at all hungry anymore.
“Would you like some more?” he asks, although he already knows the answer, but it delights him so to hear Sherlock speak.
In the dreary afternoon light his eyes look stormy-grey like the sky outside, speckled with flecks of gold, and John can see honest hope in them.
I'm so ashamed.
“I’m sorry,” I whisper when I’ve found my voice again. I know she loves you too. “I’m sorry, Molly.”
John’s rumbling, slightly rough voice is caressing the sore spot that’s tainting Sherlock’s soul, and he feels his walls crumble.
, we’re going to crash,” a woman’s voice that John can’t localise says. “Can you text the kids, Steve?”
Really, really drunk.
"You couldn't stop me, sweetheart. I love you. I love Peter and the kids. But your father… I'm not whole without him. I'd never be happy again, and you know it. I've tried it once, and it almost killed me. And you also know what will happen if I stay. This---" He holds out his shaking left hand. "This will spread. It'll take over my body, my mind, more and more, faster and faster, until all that's left of me will be a tottering, demented old fool. I don't want to go like that, Rosie."
"The tender ones before work… the breathless ones after coming back from the chase… the
, so--- a bit old-fashioned maybe, and
---” he says lowly, breaking off when John pulls back and thrusts in again with a smooth, controlled movement. “Oh,
Coming up in chapter 7:
,” I whisper, half amused and half embarrassed. “Stop showing off.”
Something swells inside John's chest.
"Do you want to go home? We don't have to stay if it's too much."
, Sherlock."
Now that I'm sitting upright again, his come begins to trickle out of me, and it's a strange feeling. There's a dark spot spreading out on the mattress beneath me, and I look at him a little sheepishly.
"I should never have underestimated that. I should have taken what I wanted long ago. Or at least told you how I feel. But I didn't know how. I didn't know it was possible at all. I want a fresh start, John. For both of us. For--- the three of us. I know it won't be easy. I know building a relationship and raising a child and at the same time continuing to do what we do is hard. I--- I don't know if I'll be good at it. But it's worth trying. Nothing I've ever done has been as important to me as this."
He turns and walks towards the window. I realise that I even miss the way he moves.
“You’re delicious,” he breathes, serious again, and sucks at the rim of my entrance. “I want to
He’s been gone for almost a year (Colombia was only the start of a journey that has been taking him almost around the whole globe), and all I have to look back upon are
Sherlock tries not to let his expression betray him as relief and regret battle for dominance inside his heart.
It's wet. Hot. So slick. So good. Sherlock's breath. His tongue. His lips, his teeth, his purring moans.
They’ll have to talk about that tomorrow. Tonight, he just wants to be with him. He knows Sherlock thinks that them sleeping together might have been a one-time thing, and that he will give him an out if he wants one. And yes, he’s terrified of what the future might bring. Calling off a wedding is not something you just do. Being with Sherlock has always been a challenge, and adding new aspects to their relationship will not make it easier. But he wants to do it again. He wants everything Sherlock can give. He wants to
They fall asleep eventually, and when they wake up again, lunchtime has long come and gone. John helps Sherlock to wash and put on a fresh pair of pyjamas, then puts on his own. He can tell it's going to be a slow day, so why not stay comfortable right away?
He trails his palms down Sherlock’s long, lean back, very gently. His breath hitches as he traces the gnarly ridges of the scars littering it with his fingertips, trying desperately not to think about how he’d nearly lost him back then.
"Sherlock," he answers and runs his fingers through the smooth, thick curls framing the beloved face looking down at him. "You’ll be wonderful. You
I pull him close and get on my toes to press a kiss on his mouth, and he wraps his arms around my middle to hold me tight.
John gasps soundlessly when he sees the scars, but doesn't ask, doesn't break the almost reverent silence encompassing them. He trails the red, gnarly ridges with his fingers as if memorising them, so gently, and his touch takes some of the phantom pain that's still lingering there away.
It looks real. Much too real.
He's made experiences with women that helped him to know how to make their lovemaking pleasurable for Sherlock and, which is even more important to him, how to avoid causing him pain. His medical training came in handy, too. But he's never been on the receiving end, and thus has no idea what to expect. Will it hurt? They took their time yesterday and Sherlock apparently enjoyed it a lot, and John doesn't think he lied to him when he asked him if he was comfortable. But what will it be like for him? What if he
“I have no idea what I’m doing here,” he mumbles into Sherlock’s ear and licks his earlobe. “I apologise in advance.”
, but because at first he wasn't sure what was expected of him in return. It turned out that John didn't expect him to say anything at all, but was happy to do the talking for both of them.
and meant it before. This fills my heart unlike anything I’ve ever felt. “
"No," he replies, and there are tears in his voice, but he can't help himself. "I'm---"
John grunts and licks his palm, and Sherlock shudders so violently that the mattress ripples under them.
He nods slowly, sucking his bottom lip between his teeth. He seems to be thinking it over, in that lightning-fast way of his - I can see it happen behind his eyes.
John shrugs.
“O-oh,
I choke on my next breath when he opens his lids again and pierces me with a blazing look and then lets go of me to put his hand right over my crotch instead.
Maybe those are tears in his aquamarine eyes. Maybe it is just a trick of the light. Maybe the pleasures of the flesh are the one and only thing that make Sherlock Holmes forget his pride.
"You found your clothes," he says lamely and hates himself for feeling so vulnerable.
"Okay," he breathes and then scatters a line of open-mouthed kisses along the waistband of his own boxers on John's body, ending with a gentle nip at his hip. His fingers knot into the expensive silk bunching up under his palms as he massages John's buttocks, learns how well they fit into his hands.
hurts anymore.
Sherlock sucks harder at that and moans around him, his fingers squeezing John’s in a light, but insistent grasp.
Sherlock seems to be genuinely oblivious to what John is trying to communicate, and John, aware that he'll have to
John doesn't know what to do, and not even Mary's ghost provides him with insights as to how to proceed. She made him save Sherlock. Made Sherlock save him, whatever that means.
"What about you?" she mumbles into his cardigan, and he dreads the words that will follow now, the shock, the incomprehension. "You--- where are you going to live? Will you--- be okay?"
“Okay.”
him, John. For a very, very fleeting moment I couldn’t help but marvel at his--- his brilliance. And he knew. He looked at me, and he
at him is enough to speed up my pulse.
“At night, I’ll take you for a long walk along the beach,” I then say. “I'll explain the stars to you. And who knows, there might be a quiet spot where it’s just the two of us…”
Now that they're lying side by side in John's bed, Sherlock in his striped pyjamas, only the bottom half of his body covered by the duvet, John feasts his eyes on him, and the knowledge that he’s allowed to do so now, that he could probably do it when his friend – his
He has to break off because the wave is rolling towards him now and he forgets how to speak, and all he can do is watch John watching him in return, his mouth open as if in awe, his face contorted in a grimace of lust.
talk, Sherlock," he demands lowly, a hint of self-loathing glinting in his eyes. "If we’re really doing this, I
"I have to go now, Mycroft. I need to do something about my arm."
"Why did you tell me to text Irene?" Sherlock retorts immediately.
"I'm sorry," Sherlock says, looking guilty. "It smells delicious."
John smiles a little.
--- all over me…”
"How, then, do you cope? How can you be so enthusiastic about this?" he asks. "How, John?"
“Yes, love, let me in… Open up for me... Mmhhh, you’re burning inside… You’re
His bare feet make no sound as he walks down the hallway and into the living-room. No Sherlock. He turns and passes the bathroom (empty as well) and tries Sherlock's bedroom instead, coming to a halt in front of the closed door. He must be in there. Has he gone to sleep?
I pick up, already vibrating with rage. Who does he think he is, watching my every move?
"I washed it off, John," Sherlock continues. "I took a shower and washed it all off."
"So--- what now? Are you moving back in with him? For how long have you been going behind my back, hm? Have you let him fuck you yet? I bet he'd
I’ve always known that he values my companionship, and our bond has always been strong and somehow special, and it has always felt unlike anything I’ve ever experienced before. Looking at him now, I realise that it’s probably love, and that it has probably been there for a while now, but I don't know what to do. I can't make the next move. He has to help me.
"Because I wanted to say sorry."
It’s so intense, much more so than before, now that they’re connected from head to toe, and John wants more. He presses his lips against Sherlock’s sweaty temple and inhales the scent of his hair, and on the next thrust he uses his thumb to give himself leverage, pressing the pads of his fingers against the bundle of nerves that gives the man in his arms so much pleasure.
John chuckles weakly.
, John thinks. He leans forwards and presses a soft, brief kiss against the corner of Sherlock's mouth, upon which Sherlock hums lowly and tilts his head into the touch.
“Oh God,” John pants. “Oh
“It’s nothing. Just a few scratches on my back.” Mycroft huffs and mutters something under his breath, but Sherlock talks over him. “I can lie around on my stomach at home, too. And you can monitor the healing process, John. There’s no reason why we shouldn’t take the next flight to London. I happen to know that’s there’s one this afternoon.”
“No,” I mutter, my voice muffled by his pillow. “Sherlock…”
Sherlock shrugs and flips the light switch to the left of the large oaken door. Nothing happens. Of course it doesn't. They've just broken into a huge, very old, and very remote stately home in Kent, and night is falling rapidly. A few minutes ago it began to rain, and the soft drizzle it started out as has by now turned into torrents. They walked here from the village, which means that if they don't fancy a soaked-through three-hour walk through mud and the kind of complete darkness only the countryside manages to produce, they're now stuck, and there's no electricity and no phone signal either. All they've got are two bottles of water and two mobiles with uncertain battery life. And they didn't even eat lunch today.
He often thinks of Mary's last message and what it implied, and he knows she was wrong. It
Sherlock puts his hand on John's knee under the table and squeezes it, gently pulling him out of the downwards spiral that's been threatening to sweep him away.
"I missed you like crazy," he says against Sherlock’s lips. "It
"Do you admit defeat?" he mumbles into the kiss. "I never thought I'd live to see the day."
Sherlock's lips are the best, the sweetest ones John has ever tasted, and his soft, almost startled moan of pleasure and relief is the most beautiful thing he's ever heard.
I am not entirely sure if this is supposed to help me by not making me have to look at him or to protect himself. I know him too well not to notice that underneath all his poise something else is hiding, something shy and vulnerable, but I know there is no use asking him - I will have to let him come to me.
I shrug and try to ignore the new surge of arousal spreading through my nerves as the implications of his question fill my brain with images of the two of us finally going at it without the hindrance of his injured body. I could get hard again right now. He’s like an aphrodisiac – just
"No, it's true," he says. He's never discussed this topic with anyone before, and it feels… strange. Not bad, but not good either. "There were a few men at uni… and then later, in the army, there was… one."
“Turn around,” I rasp, my voice sounding foreign to my own ears. “I want to taste you.”
So they talked, the day Sherlock decided to stop going to the hospital, and made a plan, and John is scared, but also so, so relieved. He doesn't want Sherlock to suffer any longer, and he himself is tired, too.
He feels a bit silly saying this - he's quite a bit older than Sherlock, yes, but he doesn't have a teacher/student kink. Sherlock's eyes, however, tell him that he's done something right, and the way the other man's chest and abdomen begin to move against his body in time with his quickening breath leaves no doubt as to the kinks
“If you insist,” he mutters, sounding somewhat petulant, yet pleased with himself.
John’s stomach clenches at the thought of the man he loves, lost in the haze of drugs, trying desperately to feel better, to feel less alone. He swears to himself that he’ll take care of him, help him heal. But he doesn’t want to think about that now. Now he needs to help Sherlock deal with what he knows is almost unbearable to his mind –
She promptly herds the children back to their designated seats, and the other adults, who are hanging out in the back of the room quietly—all wearing approving smiles—watch on. John and Sherlock meet eyes once again. Sherlock’s face is overcome with relief, and John’s heart feels incredibly full. Because Sherlock is now free to be himself, finally, not only in a classroom of his peers, but Rosie’s peers as well.
There's no way I'm letting Mycroft witness this.
Sherlock's lids flutter shut and he bites his lip, clearly torn between desire and the fear of being late for their daughter's visit.
He stretches him open carefully, feels him breathe around it. Sherlock is opening up more and more, his body pulling him in, and John is overwhelmed by the realisation that he’s the only person in the world who’s ever seen him in this state of complete and utter surrender.
,” he grunts and lets out a shaky breath against my lips. “
It all changes when they enter the classroom.
Sherlock looks through his e-mails for cases and John sips his tea, and eventually John goes upstairs to put Rosie to bed and go to sleep himself, and Sherlock stays at his desk, wide awake and confused, scrolling through his list of potential clients without really registering what he's reading.
"Why do you love me, Sherlock?"
I haven’t abandoned the blog, though – there are many readers who are convinced that Sherlock has never been a fraud, and even though I cannot tell them the whole truth, it’s a relief to see that there are people believing in him, even if they think he’s dead. Most of them do, anyway. There are some very dedicated fans who have been coming up with theories as to him being still alive and hiding somewhere, and I’m happy to find that most of them sound like absolute lunatics. It would be a disaster if crazy conspiracists led to our cover being blown, well-meaning (and, funnily enough, halfway right) as they might be.
It's so absurd that Sherlock doesn't know whether he should laugh or be alarmed.
Lately I’ve been thinking a lot about what would have been if I hadn’t forced him to tell me about the plan. I wouldn’t live at Baker Street anymore – I wouldn’t have been able to bear being reminded of him every day. I wouldn’t know he’s out there somewhere. I would visit his grave to put fresh flowers on it, and cry a bit, and miss him a lot, and then I’d go back to my pathetic life of grief and solitude and die a little more inside each day. How could he ever consider that way to be the right one? How
He's still holding on to John's hand, making no move to let go. John is so very, very okay with that.
“All of you,” Sherlock repeats and then uses his left index finger to stroke it up and down the underside of John’s cock – slowly, so slowly, from base to tip and back again.
"Taxi!" Sherlock calls.
“Ever the romantic,” I whisper, and he hums in amusement and catches my bottom lip in a teasing bite.
"If you could go back---" she starts, and he pulls his hand out of her grasp and uses his right one to press it against his own chest. Even his arm is shaking now, and he clenches his teeth and wills his muscles to obey.
“Where are you?” John asks, suspicion creeping into his voice.
a husband, and John knows he would die for Rosie if he needed to. He hopes that his mirroring that will make it easier for the younger man to understand his reasons.
He smiles again and nips my upper lip with his teeth.
His smile widening, John nods.
“You’re--- Listen, Sherlock, I have a lot of things to say to that, but I’ll have to kiss you first, okay?” he says after a brief pause.
Sherlock, heart full to bursting, gets behind John's prone form and hugs him, kissing along his neck, his spine, his sides. There are things inside him that want to break free, words he wants to say, but he's scared of the consequences, so he tries to put his feelings into actions that John might be able to translate, and that eases at least some of the ache behind his ribs. His right hand makes its way down John's flank and between his buttocks again, where he tests the waters with a few gentle dips into his slick warmth.
“Will you think about me at night?” he asks lowly.
I’d still be so alone.
, even – if no one has ever made him feel like he's worthy of affection. Despite being so intelligent, despite being able to outsmart any given person when it comes to doing what his work requires him to do, Sherlock is so awkward in the face of private social interaction that it's almost funny. It's like he's got two personalities.
This feels nothing like when he does it on his own, not even remotely. For one thing, John feels different – thicker than himself, and slightly shorter, Sherlock finds as he strokes up and down loosely to get a feeling for him, and there's a curve to his length that would probably be perfect to hit---
