At Sherlock and John's funeral. Will got up and said this:
Sherlock nodded. "In addition to his proclivities toward public sex, the slimy little weasel was caught trying to break into the men's dressing rooms."
"The deal is off," John repeated. "Sherlock was never interested in me. He was chasing Bertie the whole time."
Greg immediately threw another, this time hitting Mycroft in the chest. Greg laughed as the paint dripped down Mycroft's long neck and chin.
Sherlock? He was in his dressing room panicking further. Did John see how well he did? Did John see how much he put his heart into it?
Sherlock sniffed angrily. "Are you here to mock me?"
"He's that confident that you won't be able to spot his fakery; also he's not aware of our little secret fact checker," Mike said, grinning.
There weren't many places that Sherlock could go, so it didn't take John long to find the lanky detective on the front porch, smoking.
John ruffled his hair. "If only she would sell, I'd buy it for you."
Sherlock wanted to throw his phone across the room. He didn't need his overbearing brother to meddle in this. He had already half convinced himself to call off the date with John, he didn't need his brother to convince him the rest of the way.
Greg led a lumbering Mycroft away from the party, trying to find somewhere quiet so he could get a better idea whether or not the other boy had a concussion.
John wrinkled his nose. "Right."
"The 'never going breathe the same air as us' group," Mike snorted. "That, my friend, is Sherlock Holmes and Sally Donovan. And he's not allowed to date."
"Just because you can't doesn't mean that I shouldn't be able to use all the abilities at my disposal to win," Sherlock sneered.
Toby: No, it's not. I've seen the reviews and most of them can't be repeated here. Why do think that is?
"Can we look through your room next?"
"John," John interrupted but Sherlock waved him off.
And John ached for it. The gentle brush of fingers as they passed each other things; tea, pens, phones. But now Sherlock went out his way to make sure that he grabbed the farthermost end of the object. The brushing of arms or hands as they walked down the street, gone now as Sherlock kept at least six inches from John. The pressing on John's back to make him go faster, now he was just left behind.
"You know, when Prof Smallwood said that you were a polo player, I really didn't believe her, or you I guess," he told Greg.
"It's a good thing we asked,
Once he was finished, he put it some place safe, then quietly slipped out of their flat. He didn't want to be there when Sherlock read the note. He didn't think he could stand it.
"I know, I edited it," Greg agreed.
He waved at John and called for Mrs Hudson. She came running out of the back room to throw her arms around his neck.
"He told you I was his editor, yeah?"
Sherlock scoffed. "Why? I'm not. I enjoyed this evening and would very much like to do it again."
But I will try to keep up with typing up the story as much as I can.
He opened the door slowly, calling out, "Sherlock? Are you in here?"
John shrugged. "Sherlock said something in the six digit range."
Sherlock glared at him."I'm a grown man who's afraid of thunder, what do you think?"
Sherlock:
He looked around, but the only thing of note was a small wooden chair and a tall man in a pinstripe suit that could have fed his family growing up for a year. The man was leaning on an umbrella and watching John disdainfully.
"It's still good to see you up and around without it," Sherlock murmured as they sat down.
Most of his friends were trying to dissuade him, but the two people who could have succeeded weren't there at the moment. Mike had gone to get a beer and Sherlock still hadn't arrived.
"You can have him, he's annoying," Mycroft replied. He opened his bottle and took a long gulp of water.
Greg, Mycroft, Sally, Phil. It was funny actually. Molly seemed to bridge both sets of friends. She had come out of her shell in the last year. She even had a couple of boyfriends. One turned out to be gay and the other was a poor man's Sherlock Holmes, so frankly no one was surprised when that blew up in her face.
Bertie jumped in front of Sherlock, causing him to pull up short or run into Bertie.
Sherlock shrugged. "He likes the classics. And smoking is a definite no."
"Our rent is her only income. She doesn't have a pension, and all her husband's assets were frozen when he was arrested," Sherlock shook his head again. "No, John. I am quite happy to rent it from her until the day she dies."
"Yep," Mike said. He shook his head and turned the throttle.
"Did you end up getting your degree?"
"Whatever," Julie said, rolling her eyes.
He smiled shyly. "It never was your strong suit."
"No," John said, clenching his fists.
Major Watson shook John again, causing his teeth to rattle, but took the phone from John's hand. He fiddled around with the buttons but couldn't get it to turn on.
Will called his mother and told her the news. She didn't live long enough to attend their funeral. So Will planned Sherlock and John's funeral, while Lily planned their mother's.
John watched as Greg carefully led a hurt and very dazed Mycroft further away from the party. John thought about what Greg had said about Sherlock.
"He is looking for a French tutor," Mike admitted.
A little bit of the boys getting to know each other.
John staggered into the restaurant where he and Sherlock had agreed to meet and nearly collapsed into the chair across from Sherlock.
Victor rolled his eyes and said firmly, "You are here being a good friend to me, staying with me while my boyfriend is off charming people, and of course supporting a good cause."
Sherlock rolled his eyes. "Can you, for one moment not be
Sherlock blushed hotly. "Not my finest hour," he interjected.
As for Mrs Watson's illness; that was taken from a school friend's little sister. After six years of horrible back pain and they couldn't figure out what it was, someone x-rayed her stomach and lo and be hold, a cyst on her stomach lining that so big that it pushing into her spine and causing the pain.
How could he not be excited? He got Christmas snow. Really, what could better than that?
Their kiss was interrupted by Anthea's frantic squeal of frustration.
Greg ran his fingers over his face. He opened his mouth to speak, but Archie came in with the water. He handed it to Sherlock, who murmured a thank you. Archie squeaked with pleasure before darting back out of the office. Sherlock opened the bottle and drank a good portion before turning back to Greg.
Greg turned to one of the horses in a nearby stall, "That could have gone better."
The blond slowly turned around and with a weak smile, "Surprise!"
"So why?"
"But it's time for new adventures, ones that don't include chasing criminals. We are hanging up the deerstalker for good. We are retiring."
"It's fine," John replied.
Anthea leaned back to see around her locker door. "And you are?"
to pass the time."
John shook his head, trying to tramp down on his anger. "You could have said. I went out on a limb for you. I learned French for you. I've risked my father's wrath for you, and let me tell you, no can scream quite like an army drill sergeant." John took a deep breath. "Just because you are beautiful, that doesn't mean that you can just walk all over everyone and treat them like rubbish."
John laughed. He supposed he did; lack of sleep and no breaks at work today had completely done him in.
Sherlock wanted to scream. He thought that he had successfully dealt with the printer, but apparently not. They had made yet
"Well, you're no help," Greg groused.
"Well, well, Mr Holmes," Gregson said, rubbing his hands together gleefully. "This is the prettiest fish you have netted me to date."
When it became time for bed, Sherlock looked skeptically at the pillow fort John had made.
Mike shook his head. The nearby church bells began ringing out their lovely, peaceful chimes. The ghost closed his eyes and a warm ray settled on his shoulders.
"We'll just go through the back door," Sherlock said, striding out in front of John to lead the way. "Well, one of them. There is also is a servants' entrance on the other side, but this one is closer. It goes straight into the study. Scholars believe that this is how Milverton got his victims to come pay him for his blackmail without his servants ever knowing they were there."
Hello, lovelies! I'm back with a shiny new chapter and you'll notice the chapter numbers have been updated. Yes, come hell or high water there will be only 2 more chapters, regardless of length. Mainly because I've stopped caring about the chapters being a certain number to hit. But also because this little story has been going on for almost a year and a half and it's time to move on. BUT! It will be finished and you can thank Old Ping Hai, my tireless beta of many years, for that. She's awesome.
By the time they reached the Crown Jewels, Brook was positively howling in rage.
They were on the couch watching old Christmas movies, when John cursed.
Mike, who was also turning at the same time, had to swerve out of Mycroft's way to avoid being hit. Immediately, Mike lost control and began careening down the slope that led to the football field. When the Vespa leveled out, he was able to skid to a stop. He stood up to see that the
Once the game actually started, however, Sherlock found it very hard to watch. Not because it was boring. Oh, no. It was because seeing John in his kit, covered in blood, sweat, and mud made him very aroused.
Sherlock walked into the house that he was renting with John and tossed his wallet and keys on the island in the kitchen.
"I've always meant to ask," John began, "which sport did you medal in?"
Victor nudged him with his shoulder. "This is a very good idea. Trust me, the shorts alone are worth it."
"We're through."
John took a deep breath and walked out to where the podium was set up for him to read his first chapter.
Just as Mycroft was about to exit the parking lot, he spotted Sherlock and Sally in the back of Bertie's sports car.
"Yep," John said, popping the 'P'. "He's a giant prick, Mike, and I'm stuck with him for a
The man chuckled. "Do sit down, Mr Watson, I wouldn't want to strain that hip of yours. Not after that nasty tumble you took in your first exhibition game."
Mike indicated to Sherlock's breast pocket. "That's a good place to start."
"You okay, love?" John asked, joining her on her side of the car.
Sherlock laughed. "Oh please let me tell Mycroft you called him that, please?"
"Thank you very much," Sherlock said to the person on the other end of the line. He rang off and turned back to John. "They've managed to get power back to everyone in town and are working on getting the roads cleared. But the police inspector who called told me that Mycroft was sending a helicopter later this evening to get us home sooner, because they aren't sure how long it will take."
"Oh?" Sherlock was suddenly interested. What would change Langdale's mind?
John's gift was a beautiful antique stethoscope.
No, what had gone horribly, horribly wrong was the fact that Mary had arrived at the club with a new boyfriend in tow. She clearly had a type. He was blond and on the shorter side, but the man was built like a brick house. On his forearm was a tattoo of the Royal Marines.
Sherlock glared at his phone. What the hell did that mean?
"Be serious," Sherlock chided.
John chuckled. "I figured you would. That's why I called you. You are a good friend and very loyal."
"That has got to be the most accurate first kiss I've ever read," John explained. "It reminded me of my first kiss with a boy and that was incredible."
Worry stirred a little in his gut as he walked up to the door. It opened before he could knock and there was a tall, regal-looking fellow in a suit on the other side. The man said nothing as he led the way further into the home. John would have liked to have seen more of the place, but everything seemed cast in shadow, and well...John thought it felt sad. Lonely, even. All this home and no one to share it with. John shook his head. He had enough on his plate without having to worry about Mycroft.
"And now I want that with you, only you would be with me instead of on the other side of the fence."
John kicked at an errant pile of snow. They had actually got their Christmas miracle, and it had snowed properly.
John laughed again. "Apparently it was too tame for her. She got bored. She missed the thrum and noise of London."
"I said that's how much you could withdraw, Sherlock. There is no spending limit using a card."
John spent the morning messaging Sherlock back and forth. He couldn’t keep the smile off his face every time he got a new message from the dancer. He felt giddy. He hadn’t felt this way when he first started dating Cathy. Or Mary, or Gail, or hell even Hugh or Darren. That wasn’t to say he wasn’t happy when they called or messaged him, but there was something in Sherlock’s demeanor that suggested that he didn’t do this sort of thing, and that made John feel special somehow.
"Oh, I'm sure that won't be a problem," Mary replied. "I'll talk to Divya while you're gone." When John's frown deepened, she pecked him on the cheek. "Don't be like that, dear. It'll all work out, I promise."
Sherlock grinned, "Especially since your tell is that you do this funny little nose wrinkle when you've gotten something good."
Sherlock:
Sherlock led John to the center of the room.
Mycroft just flipped him off and went back to bed.
"Have you talked to Mrs Hudson about her?" Sherlock's voice took on a hard edge.
"Good, I'm sorry you and Divya couldn't do anything tonight," John said.
"He's a grown man, Mycroft. I'm his friend and flatmate, not his keeper. I can't force him to do anything."
"You repel me." Sherlock then slammed the car door shut and tapped on the roof to let the officer driving the car know it was safe to go.
"Sansei shite!" the Otokus said from the back.
With every word John forced Victor back a step, crowding him until his back hit the side of the shop. He turned and looked at Sherlock, who was grinning like the Cheshire cat.
Mike's eyes went wide. "How can a tiny thing like her hold that much liquor?"
"Fair enough," John said, changing direction and heading to the kitchen to pull out the take-away menu for the nearby Thai place. He was dialing the number when Sherlock called from the sitting room, "Better make it two, I think I can eat one all on my own!"
"Not anymore you're not," Mrs Hudson huffed. "Look, I have deviants to see and a novel to write, so shoo!"
He looked at the detective and scratched the back of his neck. "We should get you into the bedroom. It'll be more comfortable and closer to the bathroom."
He had it all planned out, he was going to show up first and remain seated throughout the meal and then "forget" his cane and wait for Sherlock to mention it.
"Do I?" Mycroft said archly.
"Hey, Sherlock," John greeted warmly when the publicist picked up almost immediately. "I just got out of my first meeting with my editor."
"John!" Mrs Hudson admonished.
"I am," Mycroft explained. "It was right after Father left and I was willing to do anything to feel. Bertie pressured me into..." and he coughed discreetly.
"I'm not entirely sure either one is over it," Divya replied.
Greg turned to Mycroft and the devastation he saw on the other boy's face was like a physical pain in Greg's chest.
"Fuck," John cursed as he pulled his shirt from Sherlock's fingers and began buttoning back up again. "Yeah. I'm just glad it didn't bleed. I think she changed the intent of the bullet when she saw it was going to hit me and not you."
"I'm impressed, I had to find someone in the business to get that feeling," Mycroft replied.
Sherlock blushed and let John bully him into the clothes he had been wearing when he fainted.
Je suis tellement baisée- I am so fucked
John couldn't take any more teasing and thrust his hips up to get friction. Sherlock obliged his love by grinding down.
"My sister, Harry, reads the kind of books you publish, and I have no intention of writing that kind of story," John told her.
"No, I can imagine the vitriol he was spouting," Sherlock said.
"You're cheating on John?" Molly asked from the kitchen area. "Mary, why would you do that?" Her lip quivered. Mary moved toward her to comfort her friend, but John used the motion to take off out the front door, snagging his coat on the way out.
"Fantastic!" John said, beaming up at Sherlock. "Hey, me and a couple of the boys are going out to get something to eat, why don't you and your friends join us?"
John paid the bill and walked out ahead of Sherlock.
"Happy Christmas, John."
John chuckled. "Mhmm, but there's always a cold shower to get both clean and cool."
Mike and Divya shook their head. John went up to Molly who was making herself a sandwich and asked if she'd seen it.
Sherlock blushed. "I always knew you were a passionate person and that you would need a nudge, a push, something special that would help you overcome your limp." Sherlock looked down. "I just never thought that that something special could have been me."
“He’s no one,” Sherlock muttered.
Sherlock blushed.
"Now run along. And take this to heart: pushing yourself on someone who isn't interested is disgusting no matter the gender of the one doing the pushing."
"About five years ago," Sherlock replied. "She knew objectively that her husband 'wrote' books, but she had never seen any of them. Check and mate."
The younger Holmes gulped. "He helped me get through the thunderstorms, he made sure I was fed and that I could sleep. He went above and beyond the bounds of human decency."
"And you want to know what else I know?" Bertie asked with a wink.
work to do.
Greg snorted an aborted laugh when John's head snapped up to glare at the smug politician.
"We may be crashing the original party as someone's revenge," Greg hedged.
"Where did you put it?" Sherlock growled. "Where is it?" He continued his dance about the room and John looked on in wonder. He loved this.
Sherlock looked up at the ceiling. "At least the thunderstorm has passed, even if the rain hasn't."
Sherlock blushed. "He's hardly mine."
Sherlock's lip curled in disdain. "My brother puts out only the best for potential clients. It's to butter them, you see. Make them more susceptible to suggestion and less likely to pitch a fit when told that their 'baby' needs a lot of work before being fit to be published."
He sat down at the small table and waited for the tea before he began. He told them of the emotional and verbal abuse that had gone on for years. The following John and Harry to make sure they were where they said they were going to be. The jabs at Harry's weight, the hints that John's friends all secretly hated him. The pitting of the siblings against each other.
Greg gave him a strange look, before asking Mycroft, "What happened?"
"You mean other than hoping to run into a certain rugby player?" Victor teased.
The tall, dark-skinned young man sat beside him, "Of course, what are friends for?"
John waved at Mycroft's room in confusion.
Sherlock ducked his head. "That case Lestrade wanted me to look at ended up taking nearly three weeks to solve and I figured by that point you'd be too upset to speak with me." He looked up through his lashes. "I thought you were going to start in on me in the store earlier tonight."
He looked up to see Greg eyeing him wearily. "You look as bad as I feel," the Inspector remarked as John took the cup of coffee.
He stood up and took Mycroft in his arms. Mycroft returned the hug with a fierceness that only older siblings had for their younger siblings.
“That’s what you get for saying I’m off my game,” John yelled from the showers.
John Watson was the one person in all the world that he could be himself with. They would go out to dinner or John would cook for them and either one meant that they would be talking long into the night. They would go for coffee or visit a park. Just being themselves.
The next morning John braced himself for the inevitable peacock posturing Sherlock would exude at being right when he saw the display the way he suggested it.
Toby: But if it was a problem, your editor would have picked up on it and had you change it.
Sherlock indulged John a little and wrapped his arms around the rugby player. "I'll miss you, too."
my speeches, but please don't take it out on John."
Sherlock straightened up in his chair, his legs unfolding to the floor. "Really? Why do you have money?"
"I'm cutting out a bit early," Sherlock said, coming into the office. "Also, I know I said I'd be by for dinner tonight, but I'm going to a late lunch and won't be hungry later."
At dinner, he sat next to her and whispered in her ear, "I want to keep you forever."
They soon found themselves pulling up of a little rundown set of flats, but not bad really. Standing out in front of the main door was a little cherub of a man with wire-rimmed glasses and the cheesiest smile on his face.
John took the glass from Sherlock, placing the empty one on a nearby table.
John leaned his head on Sherlock's chest and Sherlock placed his head on top of John's.
She started to twist her fingers together behind her back and rock back and forth on her heels.
Even worse when you make me cry–"
But this is it. Final part. A lot fluffy and a little sexy.
John was enjoying the party for a change. He didn't use to enjoy these things before Sherlock came along. Even the dates he brought were only ever there for their own agenda. But Sherlock was only there for him. It was quite refreshing, really. But even when he didn't have a date, the sheer amount of posturing and flaunting of wealth was appalling.
John and Sherlock shared a panicked glance.
"Holy shit, Sherlock," John cursed after his first bite. "This is incredible. Where did you learn to make this?"
Sherlock smirked. "Does that mean that I can go now?"
"Of course," Sherlock took another puff of his cigarette. "I wasn't just going to tell you I had the book. I was going to ask you for an address to send it to." Sherlock thanked the cold so that his blush could be explained by the frigid temperature.
Sherlock let out a sigh of relief. "Thank you."
"Sherlock..." Mummy said, with a note of warning in her voice. She knew when her son was about to ask for something he shouldn't. Like the time he asked for nitroglycerin.
"Is Mike okay with that?" John asked with a frown.
(See the end of the chapter for
"John is the blond; as David pointed out they are all in the medical profession, but his style is different from Mike, the chubby civilian. He immediately took charge, could be the head of an A&E, but his close-cropped hair and the fact that he is currently standing at parade rest suggests military. Recently out. I'd say about a year and from the way he favors his left shoulder, invalided out."
Bertie stood up and towered over Mike, "What part of 'beat it' did you not understand?"
"I don't care!" Sherlock bellowed. "Rabbit them out of a damned hat for all I care, I am not doing it!"
John walked through the door to their flat and smiled at the sight that greeted him. Sherlock was in his sleepwear and blue bathrobe, curled up on the sofa, sound asleep. John took off his coat and kicked off his shoes. He walked over to where his lover lay and knelt down, carding Sherlock's riotous curls.
"Sherlock!" Sally hissed. "I've told you not to do that. And another thing we've talked about, you can't just–"
"Well, she has won this round then," Sebastian sighed in defeat.
Greg rolled his eyes. "I am dealing with a bunch of children!"
John let out a huff of laughter. "I met you first, they never even had a chance."
"I promise it's not dangerous or anything like that," Sherlock rushed to soothe her.
Sally looked back at Sherlock and shrugged, "I don't have a curfew, so hell yeah!"
"Agreed!" John replied.
This is it, the last chapter. I'm doing this before I go to bed because I won't have time to do it tomorrow with all the cleaning and shopping I have to do for my husband's birthday party.
John shook his head. "I'm not really a fan of spy novels. Met too many real spooks to enjoy them. Now, I like a good James Bond movie or two, but that's more for the action than for anything else." He tried moving another piece only to have Sherlock immediately take that one too.
"Mycroft!" she called out. "What brings you to school on a Saturday?"
John turned to him, "Come on, you don't think that a guy like Sherlock wouldn't be interested in me?"
"No!" Mycroft yelled back over his shoulder.
Sherlock's eyes twinkled. "You promise?"
"John," Sherlock said, gently shaking his friend.
"Why is she even here?" John lamented. "I thought she hated this club."
John looked between the manager and Sherlock. "He can come share our table, or rather we can share his, if he and his mother are amenable."
He opened the paper and fell to the rug into front of the grate. He read the one word over and over again, hand pressed against his mouth, tears streaming down his face. He clutched it to his chest and began to rock back and forth, the tears never stopping.
It's gonna be fun!
Sherlock grabbed his bag and led the way to Greg’s office. He tossed his bag on the floor and threw himself into a nearby chair. Greg closed the door behind him and sat down in his own chair.
birthday!"
John's eyebrows shot up. "Oh, well, that's a change." He squinted out into the dark, but couldn't make out any of their surroundings due to the tinted windows. "So where are we going?"
"Please!" Sherlock whispered and then leaned back to pulled his shirt over his head.
"Hey, John," Mike greeted warmly. "How's the countryside?"
"What if he brought James, Victor?" Sherlock murmured. "I don't think I'd survive this time."
John licked his lower lip and looked at Sherlock sidelong. "Well, I was thinking maybe we could go to a French restaurant or evening boating on the Thames. I know your mum says that you can't date, but I thought if it was for class‒"
John just smiled and then offered Sherlock his arm. Sherlock raised an eyebrow, but hooked his arm through John's.
Sherlock: It is why I'm here, after all.
She giggled, "Who knew that I made such an impression on the great Lestrade?"
"Why do you let him get to you?" he asked.
Hello and welcome to the latest chapter of my depression KICKING my ass. So much so that I didn't even realize that I had enough story written for a chapter. When I did realize that fact I sat down and started typing it up. I finished over the weekend and then sent it off to the wonderful Old Ping Hai.
John grinned, "I suppose not."
"No. I'm not a fan of weddings. Besides, I'm an ex-boyfriend. I don't think that would go over very well."
Greg couldn't help the warmth in his chest looking at the other boy, "I saw you dancing when I came in, I don't think I have ever seen you look so..." just then the song ended and made the last word loud in its void, "SEXY."
Sherlock flashed her a grin that made her falter, just a little. But she was committed to this now. There was no backing out.
Toby: Almost everything. I understand there is a scene here that is still word for word what it was in "Griffin's Steps", what was it?
"Divya Kapoor, the love of my life. My eternal rose, will you marry me?"
Oh dear! I almost forgot to post this. It's been a hell of a week. You see, my husband and I celebrated ten years of marriage on Thursday and nearly seventeen years of being a couple, so it was kinda a big deal.
"Will you be having some, too?" he asked John.
John knew that, he did. "Thank you."
"Speak of the devil," John said with a laugh. "Hello, love. You know where I am, you berk. I'm getting your present. Oh I don't know, how about you decorate the flat? If you're good, I'll bring home some real holly and mistletoe for you to experiment with once the people have gone. See? Now was that so hard? Of course it was. Love you, too." He hung up the phone. Mary and David were staring at John like he'd gone around the bend.
"See, Mike?" John replied, "It's purely cupboard love."
"And I have none."
Sherlock opened his mouth to reply, but he was cut off by a flash of lightning and a boom of thunder. Sherlock's eyes went wide and his face drained entirely of color. And before John could ask what was wrong, the publicist had turned on his heel and was out the study door, slamming it behind him.
There was a chorus of exclamations of surprise and concern.
Sherlock tried to withdraw his hand, but John held on to it tighter.
"How in the hell?" he exclaimed. He turned back to Gwyn, who was trying to hold in his laughter.
"It has always been a dream of mine to be a published author and now I'm standing here...I don't belong. Everyone is going to start laughing at me, finally letting me in on the joke," John said, starting to hyperventilate.
"Look, you need to do better at the cash box because in two weeks, you're going to be entirely by yourself and I won't be here to bail you out," John pointed out.
John let out a low whistle. "You keep it up?"
Sherlock smiled. "Ditched the cane, have we?"
Someone tapped on Bertie's shoulder and turned around. A fist hit him in the nose.
"Oi!" the Marine grunted. "What the hell do you think you're doing with my girl?"
"Me, Gwyn, and Clara make the dresses," Tegan said, indicating the girl who had spoken, "while Rory and Caitlyn are designer/shopkeeps."
"Seriously," Victor pouted. "I usually warrant some kind of glance."
It read: I've only had one boyfriend and that was ten years ago. So unless you happened to have been in Melbourne two years ago, there is no way you got the book from me, let alone had sex with me. Especially since I spent that weekend throwing up from air sickness. ;)
"Right," Janine huffed. "Did we even
Greg shook his head, but John squeezed his shoulder. "It'll be okay, besides it's just silly superstition, right?"
Sherlock let out a watery chuckle.
Sherlock sighed. "Why do I have the feeling we are going to get preferential treatment all night?"
And when Sherlock Darling didn't come to the shop the next day, the hollow feeling filled with something like regret.
"That's all you got? I texted you three times and called once. You know the incense in that store gives me a headache. With how long it took, I would thought you'd bought out half the store," John huffed.
"Damn," Sherlock deadpanned. "Well, it looks like you're stuck with me."
John opened his mouth to snap back, but furrowed his eyebrows instead when saw that Sherlock was clutching the book to his chest.
"Stop screaming, you arsehole!" John continued. "You deserve that bullet in your head!"
"So why doesn't he write it today?" John mused out loud.
Wiggins smiled, revealing too few teeth. "For the Miss, a place that's not haunted at all." He pulled out a grubby envelope and handed it to Sherlock.
"We can use the library, if that would be better," John suggested with a shrug.
John searched his face for clues as to what was going on.
Sherlock blushed. "I'll be the lucky one."
What if they ended up hating each other, or worse, decided it was best just being friends? Before the cycle of self-doubt fully crept into his head, there was a knock on the door. Startled out of his dark spiral, he dashed to get it.
I can't blame all of it on depression though, some of it was losing my notes on the chapter and trying to find them again.
Jim sneered, "And why would he want to do that?"
"You'd think so, but other than claiming he can see ghosts, he doesn't seem to exhibit the other signs."
"I know it's not Bart's. The place where it all began, but I wanted it to be here. The place of our- I'm getting ahead of myself." He got down on one knee and smiled up at Sherlock.
"Damn," Mike consoled. "So she's back to drinking again?"
"Afraid of the big bad Jim Moriarty, are we, Sherlock?" Jim taunted.
"I wanted no doubts, Sherlock. None at all," John explained.
Sherlock blinked. "Sure."
She just smiled. "Good-bye, John."
Sherlock melted into John, and the former soldier gripped him tightly.
They looked up to see the boisterous celebrity chef, Angelo Bartolomeo, standing there with a candle in one hand and the wine menu in the other.
"I found it!" John called out to Sherlock and then waved him over. Sherlock moved to stand in front of the tombstone and suddenly the hollow pit of his stomach emptied and he felt faint.
Sherlock:
books."
"Why? Do you speak French?" Mike asked.
"Be that as that may, you are not allowed to go unless Mycroft does," Mummy said.
John took a steadying breath. "I have an answer for that, but I got the feeling that I'd be sanctioned for such talk."
John looked up, rubbing his nose along Sherlock's. "You certainly did. But I wasn't thinking like that. All I knew was that here was this absolutely gorgeous bloke walking into my life and pulling out my darkest secrets to the light of day and it hurt."
"A bit soon for that, we just got together," John replied. He carded his fingers through Sherlock's hair. "We're in no rush."
"'Sweet love, renew your force'," Mike quoted, his mind still on the Shakespeare-loving Anthea.
Hello, darlings! Welcome to the next chapter in record time! I told you that it would be out super fast. And now it is here for your enjoyment. Now, ten won't be out as fast, but now that I have set days off I'll have more time to write consistently. And I hope this will translate to more chapters faster. Plus I've dragged on this poor story so long and I'm only half way through.
"Maybe that's what Greg likes about him," Divya said with a salacious wink.
Because he’s no longer sure about John’s intentions. Or his own.
tours in fucking Afghanistan if I wasn’t stubborn and loyal.”
She pulls him into a loose hug.
He sits down, realising he has squeezed the tomato he was holding, wiping his hand on the grass. “I’m sorry, Harry, but that’s how it was. I could shut up about it. But I was terrified of being found out. What would they have done to me? The freak who wasn't gay, but not straight either. I was afraid they would come after me for flirting with their daughters, for faking straight.”
“So who’s the culprit of the two of them?” John asks.
"You said Cushing?"
“What have you done to you hair, Watson? You look like you’ve spent the night with your hand on an electrostatic generator.”
“I’m a Medical Captain,” John says with a measure of pride, although he’s formally retired after being discharged.
"I'd like to see those, please," says Sherlock.
"What's the reason for your increased heart rate right now?  I heard what you said at Battersea: '
"See? There's no more room for celebrating my sobriety," she points out, giving him an impish smile. "This is it, John. I'm done.”
Sherlock will gladly let Mycroft believe this was his debut. He’s always been careful and discreet, and luckily managed to keep Mycroft out of things like this. He’s overplayed his innocence and ignorance in these matters, to be able to keep a semblance of privacy. He would very much like to keep it that way, and the best way of putting Mycroft off is throwing unnecessary details in his face.
And just like that the moment is gone.
They burst out laughing, together.
"To the sea and to us," John repeats, feeling instant relief.
The door opens and John steps in, deliberately closing it behind himself.
They both turn to Molly, stunned.
, perhaps?  No, those might be separate letters.  I believe it says
He makes his way to the sauna, puts the basket on the shelf, and peeks in through the glass door. It’s already occupied by two retirees. He doesn’t like the idea of initiating any conversation of importance with people listening in.
She shrugs.
Sherlock lifts an eyebrow and glances at John.  "You think so?"
Living with a small child means nothing is constant. Everything is always in a state of flux, of change.
“Do you still feel he was to blame?”
She leaves them.
compared to previous experiences, but oh so powerful in its lack of hurried force.
provoke something, make him rage, show some emotions.
Their final treatment is a very posh joint barber session with hot towels. John had chosen a pricey option with a facial treatment and a wet shave. He had thought of adding the haircut service offered, but he knows how meticulous Sherlock is about his curls. He’d probably not let anyone touch them except his own secret, probably even more posh, hairdresser.
"See?  Increased salivation," he says cheekily.  "Even without Moriarty sneaking around in the bushes.  Make of it what you will."
"Fall down, fall over, fall asleep, fall for someone, American autumn, a fall from grace, a fallen angel.
He smiles fondly. “You’re ridiculous.”
´ like a lovely nosegay of headless roses and some calla lilies," Sherlock says, almost flippantly.
"How did I miss this?" John interrupts, but without anger or blame evident in his voice. Not directed towards Sherlock, at any rate. "We've spent half a day together, semi-naked, in bright light - how the fuck have I been so oblivious as to not see this?"
“Yeah, that’s just it, Harry,” he snaps. “You’ve got friends who are just like you. As I said, I’ve never-”
John raises his brows.
John’s cab is waiting, and that’s just as well. He feels utterly drained.
“You know damn well what I’m talking about. This scar that I put right
Not the usual pumping music he’d expect in a gym facility.
John seems unconvinced but goes upstairs anyway.
“He was a shitty Dad, but a least he never laid a hand on us. I did. I did it to my best friend.”
It’s where John grew up, left for medical school and briefly returned to, to work as a junior doctor in Trauma and Orthopaedics. He hasn’t been back since his mum died.
, because apparently it's a Sisyphean task to get rid of the weed, which, according to legend, somehow is a certain Mr Hancock's fault.  And
"Thank God!  Finally some peace and quiet."
The train passes Purley, which means their stop is next.
He hasn’t seen his aunt in a very long time.
Sherlock wants to smother John between pillows. Well, not actually smother him, but have him in his bed, cover him with his whole body, make him stay in bed forever so he can keep him close.
John won’t let this go.
"I guess now you don't have to bother about the clean-up," John says, smug.
Sherlock skips the fork entirely and stuffs a whole cake into his mouth. John uses the fork. It tastes really good, heaven for Sherlock’s sweet tooth.
Then Sherlock starts running and soon they're both off in pursuit.  They run along the pier deck, barely avoiding bumping into people, making excuses as they go.
The beauty, the fragility of it all. It’s all too much. He shudders, blinks back tears. Sherlock takes his hands, guides him out.
There are shower cubicles just outside the room, and John uses up most of the fancy shower gel to get rid of the abundant oils.
"What case was that, ‘The Adventure of the Estranged Sister’?"
They don't talk about anything that happened in the bathroom.  John feigns interest in his phone while Sherlock dresses in his now mostly dry trousers.  He must be cold from being out in the rain.  He catches a glimpse of Sherlock shivering and John wishes he could warm him up beneath the covers.  At the same time, he dreads the coming night, having to share a bed.  John has no one to blame but himself; he put them in this awkward position, after all.
"Brian didn't answer when I knocked, and I hadn't heard the taps running since last night, so I went in there, but he was nowhere to be found.  Wendy was at work in Brixton so I couldn't ask her.  I went downstairs to have a look in the garden, but Brian's clogs stood inside, by the backdoor.  I thought it a bit worrisome, but picked up the mail myself and went about my day.  It wasn't until I thought I'd have a cuppa in the garden that I noticed his dressing gown hanging from the garden lamp.  So, I went out to the garden shed, to see if he was there.  He used to muck about in there."
Sherlock sees that John sees and then they crash together, with John surging onto Sherlock’s lap, his hands once again buried in those luscious curls.
John used to cycle around here, when he felt the need to get away from home, which happened frequently.
He sighs and contemplates this. How many times? If he dismisses his younger years and any violence directly related to cases, chasing suspects and maybe not being too polite about tackling them, there’s still... a lot.
“Hmm?”
Sherlock smirks.  "You're dating yourself, John."
John sighs.  "Yeah, I know it's stupid.  Sorry for being slow."
What has he done?
"Unopened, of course," Molly reassures.  "Turns out Meena could identify the content as
“And I’m trying not to be a quitter,” she says with a wink. “No seriously, let’s talk about my job instead. I love my job. It gives me balance. I’ve got goals and ambitions, now. I’ve got time and energy for that, now that I’ve got less struggle. I’m actually hanging out with some of my workmates, outside work. And yes, I know what you’re thinking, and yes there’s this hot girl on my mind. We’ll see.”
There's no use trying to deny anything that's caught Sherlock's attention.
"Very.  But, then I mentioned it was a sad thing Brian's 'mucking about' in the shed probably led to his death.  Interestingly enough, she didn't contradict me.  So, I put on a bit of pressure and it all delved into a shouting match.  There might have been a bit of an overreaction on my part."
After navigating to the right side of the building, Sherlock can hear loud music coming from his intended destination: the opaque glass doors at the end of the corridor.
The sky's still blue, but dramatic clouds start to appear, shielding the sun from time to time.  The temperature drops slightly every time it happens.
"Is this who you want to make me? An abuser, since you think that you are one yourself?”
He went backstage, long after Harry and her friends had left. The band was sitting on the floor in a corridor, tiredly sipping soft drinks and talking about nothing in particular. John sat down beside the boy and leaned against the wall. He joined the conversation briefly, but didn’t dare to look at him, just talked to the air in front of himself. The others in the band eventually dropped off, and suddenly John’s field of vision was blocked by that guy, sticking his tongue into John’s mouth.
"John," Sherlock begins again, realising it sounds just like the start of a speech.  "I, um-"  He fiddles with the stem of his wine glass.  "I once rebuffed you, told you I wasn't looking for anything.  I meant I wasn't looking for anything
He made it out of the bullying situation by pummeling other kids in the school yard, until threatened with suspension. At that point, a very wise teacher, dearest Ted, prompted him to try out for the rugby team. Obviously to give John an opportunity to be rough and physical within clearly regulated limits.
She searches his eyes. “I thought you knew that.”
Of all the houses, flats, bedsits, rooms and military quarters he’s lived in, there’s only one other place that has had the same impact on him - 221B Baker Street. It wasn’t just a flat, it really was a
He lets out just a little of his frustration.
"Do you have any idea who could have been sending threatening letters to Miss Cushing?" John asks.  "Someone also sent her a funeral bouquet, with the same flowers Brian has been growing here on his lot."
“So we’re meeting the entrepreneur?”
as if he’s waiting for this to end so he can continue his explanation.
John's phone pings again, and they break off, panting.
"-just ambiguous enough to satisfy any disapproving busybodies."
."  John is vibrating with certainty.  "That's what I want too! To be with you, to not be left out.  I'm right with you, Sherlock, as ever.  I'm not going to leave you unless you ask me to, and even then it might not take, unless you make a really good argument, because I'm a stubborn arsehole."
"It was my idea to bring it in.  When it seemed like Miss Cushing's sister would push her to move into a care home and sell the house, Brian and I became desperate. It's been a good arrangement.  Miss Cushing needed the money.  We needed somewhere to live, so she took us in.  But we've always known it would happen eventually.  She's old enough, she could pass anytime, even if she's healthy right now.  And where would we go, then?  It's not like we have any big savings.
"Mmmm."  John is fiddling with his phone again.  "Didn't Susan Cushing say Brian used to bring her flowers?"
"Even though we were cheated of the sea view, because of this bloody shrubbery, the bees seem to like it enough," says John, keeping his distance.
"Looks like it, but it's hard to tell from the picture."
He hates this life, the continuous state of helplessness, how he seems unable to live up to even the lowest expectations of a father-to-be.
He’s done it again. He’s really having a hard time focusing, being in the present.
“Yes, he did. Quite spectacularly, of course.”
," John quotes.  "It's her own bloody letter!  Susan Cushing's first letter to you.  She must have written it with some of these receipts lying underneath."
Sherlock stares at it, sneering.  He then blows it out with unnecessary force.  "I know what you're doing, John.  You think I haven't noticed?"  His tone is a mix of disappointment and ire.  "The world's most observant man, and you think I'll miss the gigantic clue of you drinking yourself tipsy in the afternoon and booking a room with one bed?"
"You can simply suggest it to the enthusiasts here."
"I'm sorry," says John.
“I know. I’m just teasing.” Sherlock smiles, eyes glittering. “It was quite entertaining at the time, seeing your jealousy on full display. But if I’d gone any further with her, I definitely wouldn’t have a chance acquiring her beehives.”
“Alright. Though I should point out-”
The cracking facade of his wife, revealing a stranger who still looked, spoke and acted like the woman who picked him up from the trenches of sorrow.
"Ah, right," says Sherlock, in a neutral tone.  "Must feed you up."  To John's relief, he stands up.  "Let's go and have a look at the menu, then."
Sherlock is silent, keeping his chin up, but his Adam's apple bobs.
"Hey!  Do you want to go out in public with half a beard?" John threatens, backing away from Sherlock's half-shaved face.
It worked wonders.
Because on the other hand, it's a complicated thing--to long for this kind of intimacy.  He knows full well that it could easily lead to something more raw, if John ever dares slip out of his carefully constructed impersonation of straightness, and embrace the obvious attraction he often unknowingly displays towards Sherlock.
“But you were,” Sherlock looks incredulous. “That’s why I only risked marginal damage. With you out of the equation the risk level would rise to high.”
"Is that even possible?" John breaks in. "Making a super-code like that?"
John’s still wearing his wedding ring. That should really be a glaring signal to Sherlock to keep his distance, to not go ahead and mindlessly invite trouble and heartbreak into his home.
"Oh, bloody hell," mutters John and inexplicably clicks off the torchlight.
Sherlock has had his share of losses. He spent an uneventful morning home alone with her. He went to the loo for two minutes and when he returned, he was met by his bat taxidermy box in pieces on the floor. He’d anticipated something like this would eventually happen, and to prevent any damage he’d moved the box from the mantel to one of the bookcases, just a little higher and safely out of reach.
“And do you feel that you’ve found structure?”
"Well, the medication affects the levels of tyramine in your body, which regulates blood pressure.  In a worst-case scenario, the tyramine is increased to a dangerous level, which can lead to hypertensive emergency, meaning the blood-pressure is so high, it can cause organ damage.  Without immediate intensive care treatment, it can lead to brain swelling, heart muscle damage and swelling of lung tissue.  That's why it's contraindicated in patients with cardiovascular disease or hyperthyroidism.  In short, without treatment--death."
"The wind is cool, and when it picks up, it will be even colder," Sherlock protests.  "This is far from the epitome of ice cream weather."
John has a point.  "He said it was '
," Sherlock decides from the hardly visible letters. " ...
John quirks an eyebrow, placing the jar in Sherlock's coat pocket.  "Let's call it
"Tea?"  John is baffled.
“This was a mistake. I shouldn’t have come.”
He rolls his eyes, silently berating himself for the unnecessary remark. “It shows, it really does. You look well, truly.”
Molly tries to keep a smile from emerging.  "I, um... I let the jar make some rounds in the canteen after you left."
“No! I-I mean he was involved in the incident but… No, that was her. I mean…” He sighs.
She considers this for a while.
"They're right."
Presently, John stands leaning against the railing, absentmindedly nibbling on his ice cream, seemingly spying for a glimpse of France in the distance.
“You should see it some time.”
you.”
“I wanted her to adopt me. Us.”
"What?"
Mary could see through him.
“Go warm up in the lounge. I’m feeling a bit peckish. Is there any tea and biscuits to be had?”
After a tense silence, Sherlock whispers, "We're figuring things out."
”Fuck
Harry chuckles.
That isn't remotely true. But Sherlock doesn't say so. Instead, he deflects.  "Molly will most likely do the autopsy tomorrow."
John's not sure if Sherlock is trying to be suggestive, or if he's just being an arsehole.  Either way, John's cheeks are suddenly heated, and he can't really blame the whiskey from three hours ago.  He gently positions Sherlock's head again and tips his face upwards, then stretches out the supple skin beneath his chin.  He both sees and feels the vibration of Sherlock's voice as he says, "I'm starting to believe it is '
"Do you have impaired perception in any other sense?  Are you blind?  Can you see me?"
He wraps himself up in the towel, then proceeds to rinse up his pants and socks in the basin, just as the bathroom door opens and Sherlock barges past him and straight into the shower.  "Oi!  Is your hand covered?"
John makes a face that says
“How so?”
Sherlock sighs, but seems to be amused.  "Good riddance," he mutters, giving the stubble a final scratch.
He stands outside her door, feeling nervous. She must be retired by now, so the chances are good that she’s at home at this hour. Will he still be welcome after so many years of silence?
pure humiliation from time to time. Me, hunching under the table, lying there on all fours wiping up crumbs while Rosie sits in her highchair kicking my head and throwing peas on the floor. But at the same time, all the things you get back - that messy kiss, the feeling of belonging. You’re bound together. Can’t really explain it.”
"Oh. Too bad she didn't remember that yesterday."
"Well, more like too low a level of acid, or not high enough temperature.  If it's not done properly, it can create a breeding ground for harmful bacteria like botulism."
"Oh, God.  What did he do to you?  Why didn't you tell me?"  John is predictably upset, but still keeps his voice down, in an admirable attempt to not overstep Majida's generosity by disturbing her customers.
John huffs. Why is Sherlock always right? It’s annoying to say the least. But Sherlock is the one to daily take Rosie to the park. She loves to see what new flowers have grown, and Sherlock loves to do it with her.
It's easy to locate the direction of the sea.  Everything seems to slant downwards.  They eschew the broad main street and instead wander slowly through a quirky, bohemian area.  There's an overall small scale picturesque quality to the narrow streets.  They pass colourful facades and murals, and a large number of coffee shops, with an air of artistry and inclusivity.
John huffs.
John really is that clever.  It's heart-warming.  "Actually, yes.  I don't like waiting.  And, I want to show you something in the meantime."
"What type were you envisioning?" asks John.
"Christ!  Did he attack you?"
”Semantics,” John counters with a sniff. “How do you even remember? You were high as a kite.”
"Speaking of, you were awfully quiet in the cab.  Anything you wanna share?"  Sherlock's reaction tells John all he needs to know.  "There's something you're not telling me, isn't it?  Christ!  I've told you to not keep me out."
He looks like Jesus on the cross, with his arms spread like that. John wants to linger there, to let those arms embrace him once more. Sherlock does, and John touches the skin on his chest. He rests his head against Sherlock’s ribs, listening for his heartbeat. He can’t hear it, can’t feel any vibration. But Sherlock’s skin is warm against his cheek. There’s a scar slightly left of the middle of his chest. John has tended to that wound. He touches it with his fingertip. It’s wet to the touch. Strange. It’s wet and hot and it’s gushing blood. It’s a flood, swallowing John whole.
There's a series of old photos of Brian and his mates, posing by a lake, dotting the mantle above the tiny fireplace. In one photo, he's grinning and presenting a big rainbow trout. Snowdonia 2003, 16 lbs, is penned beneath it.
"Mm, no."  He flips through the slips of paper.  "There's definitely some variety here.  "
The shell only helped to a degree; he'd ended up smoking all that was left in his cigarette pack after all.
“Please, John. For me.”
'. It's ancient poetry."  She winks and leaves them with their tea.
"From London's finest bringing in damp from the lawn."
"I wouldn't have believed that someone would get the idea of trying to vandalise the place where they live, to be able to stay there, and then trying to eat their way out of the conundrum.  So, I guess anything is possible."  John shrugs.  "Maybe she's just seen too many episodes of
“I wouldn’t be here if I didn’t. I would have closed that door and never come back. Feeling miserable. Just one more failure on a long list.”
When they all started finding some routines with a bit more sleep, they almost always ended up at Baker Street. For being two seemingly polite and easygoing people, John and Mary were really crap at finding new friends - not any playground parents by a long shot.
“Nothing. She needs to jerk her limbs to strengthen her muscles. But it does look terribly uncoordinated.”
He’d made calculations. What was the maximum dose far beyond recommended, but not fatal and with only reversible damage? How much could he numb his mind before it got dangerously pleasant? He knew, of course, that this was the road to hell, but he followed it willingly, ignoring the danger of increasing the dose to counteract his escalating tolerance.
“Yes.”
."  She chops her hand dramatically in the air.
“I wouldn’t expect you to.”
"What?" Sherlocks asks, baffled.
"Um, I'd say some time after the yarders bought you that hat."
“Would it be so bad though? he thinks aloud. “Going to a- gay club?”
“So, can I meet her?”
When John catches up with him, Sherlock shouts, "John!  He's on the other side of the loos!"
Sherlock realises he’s become protective of Rosie. When Mrs Hudson, with the best of intentions, shows him a video on YouTube with an inane self-assigned child expert presenting his theories as facts, Sherlock snaps.
“The whole game is based on the child’s inability to understand that things you can’t see still exists. It’s only surprising to them until they’ve developed object permanence.”
Sherlock doesn’t want to touch it, doesn’t want to handle it at all. It’s John’s to decide about.
The pier is clearly lacking in gelaterias, so ice cream will have to do.  They immediately seek out a soft serve ice cream parlour.  John orders a raspberry twist cone and Sherlock a double fudge.
The Bond movie Harry and John had watched together was
She’s of course also full of mischief. She’s always had good fine motor skills, but John and Sherlock were still taken by surprise by her first, very quiet and very successful, attempt to use scissors. Sherlock’s shirts luckily made it through. The living room net curtains were not as lucky, nor were her pajamas.
When her hair is done they leave for the park.
Sherlock obliges, and John unwraps the scarf.  The ice lollies have turned into goo in their packaging, no longer acting as a splint.
"Christ, Sherlock!"
“It’s not a mistake. If you hadn’t come, you’d still be under the impression that you can self-flagellate your way out of this. Believe me, it doesn’t work that way.”
“Oh, I know that one!”
Here are a few examples of
“Yeah. He made excuses for her, right from the start. And then when I- I went back to Baker Street for awhile. I cared for-” he clears his throat. Now he’s really got himself tangled up.
John goes on, ignoring Sherlock’s simplification. He needs to get this out.
John feels awkward, under Sherlock's scrutiny.  He carries on with his delicate work, trying to seem indifferent.  "You know..."
"You haven't bloody asked me yet!" Sherlock nearly shouts.  "You're circling the question."  He stands and throws his cloth napkin on the table.  "Actually, I'm not even sure that
Those boundaries became his lifeline. With an outlet for the raging, uncontrollable feelings, and a few serious meetings with Ted, he found some balance and was able to focus on school work instead of going there only to seek conflict every day.
."  Sherlock dives into the pile, nose first, and now John recognises the rounded shapes--cracked and charred glass jars.
Lestrade perks up.
The first drag since they stepped onto the train in East Croydon is marvellous, and just what he needs to handle this increasingly messy situation.  He closes his eyes briefly, indulging in the rush of nicotine.  He then blows out the smoke towards the ceiling, avoiding John's face, which is very close to his own.
"Right.  So, what happened next?"
“I need to know what to do about John.”
She sighs.
Maybe he shouldn’t have argued that hard last time they saw each other. He should refrain from creating unnecessary conflict in matters where he and John have opposing beliefs. But he’d missed him, missed him to the point that his company wasn’t enough, that he just
"You were only supposed to buy us lunch."  Sherlock studies him with narrowed eyes.  "What made you pick up all this stuff?  Were you planning to offer me a shave even before I hurt my hand?"
“Can I?” John gestures.
"Huh."  John rubs his forehead.  "I'm not sure I'm getting it... "
Eventually Sherlock stops to examine the wall of an extension of the building. He crouches, then turns a brilliant smile to John.
Of course Sherlock read the ingredients list with his level of fancy grooming procedures. Of course he’s always one step ahead, thinking of alternatives to lube before John even knew if he’d be allowed to kiss him again.
"You might not like this," John starts.
"Let's go then," says Sherlock, and there's a flicker of something in John's eyes.
John snorts.
From having been content to sit under furniture, or in empty moving boxes, she’s now climbing everywhere - a bit like Sherlock - always sitting on top of the living room table.
John snorts. “As long as you are here and Rosie’s awake, yes.”
Why do therapists always ask these questions? It’s not like he takes notes of his days. They’re pretty similar anyway.
"Yep," Sherlock pops the p, while sneaking into the bathroom.
He kisses her wet brow, making a twirl on the way to the nursery which elicits a smile. She reaches for the mobile hanging above the nursing table, babbling a bit as he rubs her dry.
"Tell me, Sherlock," John says, almost pleading.  "Will you keep playing along in Moriarty's games?"
“I wanted the Marigold Fairy, because she looked like Olivia Hussey. And then I wanted the Mayflower Fairy. She looked like Barbara Carrera. Though I didn’t notice until years later when she was in that tellyseries, Hawaiian Queen something or other.”
“What about Sherlock?”
She’d found her pack quickly, it seemed. John had been flat-sharing with a bunch of other medicine students, but he didn’t find himself making any close friends. They were mates and they were horribly messy, as if they’d never ever had to clean up after themselves. John had made a schedule for cleaning, doing the dishes, and even marked up the shelves of the fridge. Always the doer, following through, enduring.
“Are you really considering keeping bees in a residential area? Is it even allowed?”
One of those times resulted in his first ever - and really the best of his life - snog with a guy.
"I'm not following."
He laughs humourlessly.
Sherlock. To hear his sounds as John moves his finger inside him. It’s like a dance. John initiates, experiments, and Sherlock’s response leads the way. He slowly works Sherlock to a frenzy. He’s panting, head lolling from side to side, eyes unseeing. John needs to kiss him. So he does, and puts his hand on Sherlock’s cock. It doesn’t take long from there. He works Sherlock from the inside and outside, rubbing his own already half hard cock against him.
“Me too, John, me too.”
Because it was not a mistake. A doctor kicking someone lying down is not a mistake. That’s grounds for getting struck off. He can’t say that.
“No, you’re not sorry. You’re feeling sorry for yourself, quite the difference. It doesn’t suit you John.”
(See the end of the chapter for
John doesn't look forward to going back to the frowsty, hot flat.  But right now, he rather longs for his bed... and something to eat, as his stomach loudly informs him.
It’s time to take the first step. He doesn’t know if he can do it, but at least he needs to give it a try.
always the one to have to buy new.”
“But you’ve been dating, a lot?”
John is quiet, brow furrowed.
“Dammit, Sherlock!”
Sherlock is, as always, a provocateur. He bites John’s lip. John pulls Sherlock’s hair, discreetly tilting his head to expose his throat. Sherlock lets out a low moan, eyelashes fluttering.
due to the dotted pattern of the stems.  Also known as
Sherlock freezes mid-sentence.
"And you didn't deny me keeping it when I said
"I did."
"What's happened to your hand?"  Greg asks.
Sherlock breathes in slowly, then out.  John recognises that he's unusually short-tempered, but trying to rein himself in.
John smiles and sneaks his hands inside Sherlock's open coat, emboldened.  "Then I'd say
“Oh, much better. I poured it all out.”
Sherlock sighs, pacing.  He needs a smoke, but he knows John hates it.  He also needs John's steadfastness at the moment, not his judgement, so he fiddles with the torchlight instead, repeatedly clicking it on and off.  In a sudden impulse, he drops to his knees, hunching down until the tabletop is at eye level, letting the light fall at an angle over the receipts.  Triumphantly, he finally finds something out of the ordinary: a receipt with the indent markings of a penned message.  The writer pressed hard enough to leave an impression and that's enough for him.
They stare at each other.
Rosie doubles back, takes Sherlock’s hand, pulls on it eagerly, stops and turns herself and their arms into a twist as she looks back at John. She reaches out her hand, repeatedly opening and closing her fist - the cutesy silly toddler version of waving. “Bye bye,” she says.
John remembers Dorothy, but more faintly than Catherine. She’d been equally warm and loving, but generally more private and withdrawn. Apparently that was her personality, but as a kid John had put it down to her being a flat-mate.
"Monoamine oxidase inhibitor," John explains.  "It's an older, very effective antidepressant where phobic symptoms are present, or where other antidepressants have failed.  A GP would only prescribe it with the guidance of a specialist."
“It was fine. We had a near murder.”
She’s not angry or sad, just stubborn about not sleeping.
"I see."  Sherlock sneakily stashes a few biscuits in his pocket.  "And then there came a cardboard box, correct?"
John enlarges the picture with his index finger and thumb.  "Yeah," he says, absently, as he studies the picture.  "Bloody hell, he must've gone off them years ago.  I bet his doctor didn't know he stopped taking them long before the prescription ended."
Sherlock huffs.  He knows what's bothering him, stealing his focus: his preoccupation with Moriarity's next move... and the worry that John might come to harm.  But he'd rather not tell John.  Instead, he shows John the picture Lestrade sent.
In just two minutes, she’d managed to climb the bookcase, and his bats had met their destiny. He can only assume that she has an accomplished sense of balance, seeing that she hadn’t fallen and injured herself in the process. Something to possibly study in the months ahead.
"You," John says, holding back, but clearly exasperated, "-are a complete dickhead."  And then there's that crooked smile.  "Ah, Sherlock."  John sighs, shaking his head, pinching the bridge of his nose.  Then looks up at him, smiling.  "You're no different from any lover of mine."
He’s not gay. He’s bisexual. And that’s nothing but the truth.
"What nonsense is this?" Sherlock sniffs, secretly amused by John's endearing stops and starts.
"Hey,” he mumbles, touches the door gently, as he would have if he was touching John’s cheek.
Sherlock looks at him, chuckling.  "Now that would be an interesting metaphor."
John snorts.  "Don't tell me she'd have tea and biscuits while solving innocent crosswords with Mrs Hudson."  He runs hot water to dampen a towel.
"Yes, you should have," says Sherlock, trying hard to keep a smile from his face.  "Ouch!"  He feels pain near the base of his thumb, as John manipulates it.
Sherlock bites his lip.
, who caught my non-native speaker mistakes, read my mind and provided better words, asked just the right questions, helped me detangle difficult scenes, gave me suggestions that provoked and inspired creativity when I was stuck, and who showed a deep understanding of the characters.
"Like an unintended chemical reaction?"
He came to partly resent her for it, because of the strain it put on him, to be the perfect kid, the normal one, especially after she came out. He was a coward then. Didn’t dare to stand up with her. Secretly admired her defiance, her refusal to be anything but herself.
"I know you care about your hair.  You meet the parents of your young students every day and feel the pressure to look proper."
He huffs a small laugh.
Sherlock pops his head out again.  "Who?"
Harry snorts. ”Go on, John, out with it. Perfect anger management, really.”
"I'm not sure how that works out, but I'm positive she knows something she's not telling us, and doesn't want me to find out."
Ella is always very neutral but he’s learned to recognise her well concealed disapproval.
The fucking disgrace of waking up with a stiffy the middle of a sex dream involving someone not-his-wife, the heat coursing through his veins, making his skin vibrate.
. You deserve that, John, you truly do.”
“Sorry!”
“And that’s your confirmation that you’re
Poor Rosie, to have been burdened with such reckless parents.
"Well... stupid, or simply depressed and in denial about the potentially severe dietary interactions his medication could cause," John corrects.
He goes to therapy twice a week. They’ve barely scratched the surface of his issues.
As John expects, Sherlock readily takes responsibility for picking up Rosie from the sitter and then caring for her until John returns. He’d thought as much. None of them are really any good at denying the other.
the consequences of what I had done to you when I jumped to my apparent death in front of your eyes.”
"Why are we talking about this?"  Sherlock's annoyance is evident.  He regards John with narrowed eyes.
She had caught him unaware. Too relaxed, too wrapped up in old memories. He was defenceless against her prodding.
“But?”
Ella has reassured him, repeatedly, when he’s in doubt, of the sometimes slow progression of therapy, and it’s seemingly rambling nature:
He shrugs.
And then Sherlock does something that John would never have anticipated: he turns his full attention on John, dismissing the case, at least for the moment. He turns and sits cross-legged on the desk, placing his hands atop his knees, waiting. When John doesn’t move, he arches a brow.
“Are you sure?”
Sherlock is momentarily dumbstruck by this new deviation, when it dawns on him that John is fully awake and not sleep-talking.
Did John read this wrong? Read all the little tells that Sherlock has been letting slip over the weeks?
"Come on, Sherlock," John encourages.  "I know you consider him a criminal genius. Just explain to me, as a non-genius, how this all fits together."
“I decked a superintendent for calling Sherlock a weirdo. I punched Sherlock in the face when he asked me to.”
There are tomatoes growing in the backyard, reverently tended to by John and Rosamund Catherine.
Harry tries to reassure him.
“You’re terribly reserved for being two lovebirds.”
She had meant his self deprecating tendencies, his undervaluation of his worth as a father, a brother, a friend. The same should apply to this situation. There’s nothing to be nervous about, the feeling is only a bodily response to his thoughts.
The whole allotment area is fenced in, with rail tracks along two sides, but at the south end there is a dead-end street with a much lower fence which they can easily climb over.
John had failed him when he was at his lowest, but at least now he can try to make up for some of it by babysitting the addict. It’s the stitches in Sherlock’s eyebrow that keep catching his attention. A glaring reminder of what he’s done, what limits he’s overstepped. He shouldn’t be around Sherlock.
“Your idea was better,” Sherlock admits underneath his breath, but John hears him.
Sherlock is hungry enough, so John helps unwrap his sarnie.  Sherlock starts in on it while John wrangles the bottle out of the backpack.
”No, it’s not.”
But then, at the end of the day, when he comes back from the shower, John manages to sneak up on him when he’s about to go into his changing cubicle, wanting to steal a kiss. And Sherlock is distracted enough by John nipping down along his neck that he lets him push the towel on his shoulder out of the way.
“I could beat the hell out of you if I thought it would do any good. Don’t assume I can’t fight back. I’m not afraid of you.
Sherlock’s thought about it for so long, but he’s been reluctant to ask while John has evidently been struggling with guilt. It’s probably too early still, judging by John’s reaction to his words.
"Common ancestor, John," Sherlock corrects him. "It won't do her education any good if you lie to her about how evolution works from the start." Eventually he concedes that that wasn't the point, and removes some of the makeshift hand- and footholds that enabled Rosie to get up there.
He keeps the ice lollies in their packaging, folds Sherlock's scarf around them, then places them on both sides of Sherlock's metacarpophalangeal joint.  He wraps the rest of the scarf around it all, like an oversized bandage.
Sometimes he doesn’t even make excuses. He just doesn’t answer the texts.
Sherlock does not regret the sacrifices that brought them to this point. With time, Rosie might even become less of a tornado and more of a steady, thoughtful person, like her father.
Tallying up his aggression towards Sherlock like this is... brutal. How many times has he hurt that precious face?
He schools himself, finds his usually more diplomatic voice.
John puts his hand on top of the rough hewn stone.
"Could there have been something hidden?  Like a treasure under the floorboards?" John offers.
“It wasn’t like that. It really wasn’t.”
"Why haven't you turned me down then?" John counters, a sudden anger simmering just below the surface.  "Hmm?  Why haven't you said, '
"'Course I'll move back in, mate. 'Course I will."
John hands her over, but she’s not having it. She arches her back to the point Sherlock is struggling to keep his grip around the wiggling body in his arms.
“Seriously, I can’t leave this, Sherlock,” John hedges, regretting that he needs to interrupt the peace in order to continue this topic. They’ve finished their treatments, but have about two more hours free access to the facility. And they haven’t really talked that much. Not about the things he had planned, at least.
“Let me get back to you on this soon. Just- uhm, reservation…”
Sherlock stares at him, his cigarette forgotten, the embers nearing the filter.  Sally's voice is back in John's ear.  "Right, thank you.  And that date would place this event during the Moriarty trial, right?  Yes, I thought so.  No, no, it's nothing important.  Right, sorry.  Of course it was important.  Listen, can I explain this some other time?  Yes, I appreciate it.  Cheers."
“Right. Well, we’ve been playing peekaboo a lot lately. She really laughs her head off. That giggle, it’s- you can’t stop smiling,” John muses. “I do this thing where I hide under the table, and then I’m playing with her dummy, you now, making silly sounds, making it walk along the edge of the table. And then I stick my head up and do a silly face. And she- she just doesn’t stop laughing. She can’t beg me to do it again, but I can swear that’s what she’s saying even if she doesn’t know how to speak. She’ll laugh until she gets the hiccoughs.”
"Punch me in the face,” demands John.
“Seriously!?
John really doesn’t like the feeling of regret. So he picks up his phone and, although his heart flutters nervously, he sends a text. He has to try at least.
Lestrade lets them in under the new tape.
He goes to Rosie’s room and retrieves her from the cot, sits down in the armchair, humming to soothe them both. They fall asleep that way.
“I think I felt he’d fooled me, and
The touch makes John’s heart beat hard, his erection grow beneath the towel. His head falls back against the mosaic surface on the curved backrest. The curves doesn’t quite fit with his proportions, so he slides down a bit, which opens up his legs a little. Sherlock bends lower, his hair, curlier than ever from the steam in the air, tickles John’s neck.
Before he breaks down in front of John.
Next time he visits he brings Rosie, to Harry’s delight.
“Did you wish to come back to them? Did they provide you with comfort and encouragement?”
"You don't say?"
After a long walk, he returns to Baker Street with a warm baby snoozing against his chest. John is nowhere to be seen. He’s probably still upstairs, sleeping.
Why wouldn’t he be? He can’t help but reach for Sherlock’s jaw, supposedly to change the angle of his head, to see better, feeling the stubble tickling his palm. He touches Sherlock’s brow, prods the skin lightly.
There's a softness in John's eyes, pleading.
"You dismissed her.  Not interesting enough.  You thought people were just throwing any old rubbish at you, just to get in contact, after they'd seen you in the papers.  Remember?"
There are new, intricate tattoos he hasn't seen before. Now the ink winds around the entirety of her arms, from wrist to shoulder in a variety of figures and patterns.
“Umm, yeah, need to get going. Rosie…”
lousy cheating husband and father who resents his marriage. Who’s failed his one shot of having a normal life and becoming a better man, and now she’s dying without him having had a chance to be honest with her.
She taps his shoulder.
The sloping lawn is partly overgrown by a two meter high, dense hedge, which obscures the view from their room.  The sun illuminates clusters of thousands of delicate, creamy-white flowers found throughout the foliage. It literally hums with bees. The bamboo-like stems with heart-shaped leaves arch a bit, almost creating a tunnel, adorned with fluffy spikes of flower clusters.  Sherlock steps into the narrow pathway.  It must be a shortcut to the cliffs, which Sherlock missed last night when he was making circles in the garden as dusk was falling, smoking one cigarette after the other.
They go to the cemetery just before the early sunset. They wind their way towards the plots in the back until they find the plain grey stone. It’s simple and square, no flowers or candles. A sad testament to the life of those resting beneath it.
“Mr Holmes, Mr Watson,” an attendant interrupts. “It’s almost time for your treatments. You’re welcome to prepare yourself and warm up in the hot room.”
(See the end of the chapter for
"Living with you hasn't really helped. How many of my dates have you driven off?"  He resumes the shaving, making sure his aggravation doesn't translate to his hands and fingers, gingerly working away over Sherlock's skin.  "There wouldn't be so bloody many of them if I ever had enough time to get to know them."
"Look at this," Lestrade says, indicating the remnants of the back wall of the shed.  "What do you make of it?"
"Of course I want it!" Sherlock blurts out.  "I want
"Oi!  What's up with this sudden moralising over my dating life?"
Sherlock sits down beside him, talks to his heaving back.
"There isn't anything substantial to be gained from these bloody receipts!"  Sherlock is about to shove all the bloody mess off the table before he stops and looks curiously at John.  "What do you mean, working?"
“Not if you’re into shock therapy.”
John falters. He’s distracted by Sherlock’s feet still resting on his thighs, thankfully not sliding further up.
Ella raises her brows.
John pauses in his note-taking.  "And you didn't contact the police?"
"No."  John angles the man's head as best he can.  "Advanced state of protrusion."  He takes another look at the back of the man's neck.  "There's significant swelling around the base of the brain stem, near the cerebellum."  He sifts through the man's greying hair, presumably in search of an injury, but finds none.  "Was he hypertensive?"  He prods at the bulge and grimaces, then glances at Lestrade.  "Another hour here and you're going to have a degloving situation on your hands."
He’d kept his silence when they were alive. He’d had the opportunity ripped from him just when he’d felt ready to take that last step, to open up, to talk - it’s all the same.
All Sherlock wants to do is to take him into his arms and never let go. But he’s just declared that it’s a bad idea. And John didn’t contradict him.
Why did he ever bring Sherlock and Mary together?
"Right, so we can scratch the pickling club, then," says John.
(See the end of the chapter for
"That's what I hope Molly Hooper will give an answer to, in due time."
“We have the
He bangs his hand against the armrest in time with enumerating all the horrible things he’s done. “I never forgave Sherlock either, but I told him I did. I didn’t
John snorts, red-faced.
He slaps him again. He's mocking and condescending and it feels
A worried young couple bring in their infant who’s just completed weaning.
He wasn’t scared when he shot the cabbie. But at that point Sherlock had yet to become
Well, that's fine; John's brought his coat, too. You never know where a case will take you, or how long you'll be away. It's better to be prepared for anything. He's left the gun, though; it could get awkward when strolling into a crime scene filled with coppers. But the more he thinks on it, with Moriarty on the loose again, it might have been better to bring it, except John can't really walk around central London with a gun on himself on the regular.
“As I said, you should see it some time. Play with her. I bet you can make silly faces.”
"A moment, Sergeant," they hear Sherlock's muffled voice.
“During our first session, this time around, you told me that you lacked structure, everything was-” she looks briefly at her notes. “-‘a chaos’.”
He’d given a long lecture, ending with him having his mind set on putting at least one bee hive on the flat roof of the extension, above Rosie’s room. John was pretty sure Sherlock would spend all night researching bees.
He was just about to come up with a reply to get rid of the woman and go back to his work, when a loud crash coming from the street startled them.
Sherlock's lead is secure but not overbearing – his weight shifts John's in a deliberate, subdued manner. John eases into the dance, a newfound confidence taking home in his limbs. The violin is unbearably beautiful, long smooth notes that make up a discourse, a lamentation that speaks of sorrow and – John hopes he's not reading too much into it – of long lost
fingers.” The stranger moans obscenely, in sync with John’s laboured breathing.
“Mummy is planning to make their anniversary party terribly posh, this year. Wouldn’t want to disappoint her, after she expressly insisted on inviting you along.”
"ENOUGH!", he yells at his own baffling brain, as he shakes his head to make the inane scene vanish. He abruptly comes back to reality. It's night already – he's lying on the sofa, the papers from the case he's on all scattered around him.
expensive are we talking about?”
"Mary's not done with her shift until nine. And you've already done the shopping at lunchtime."
“In a way”, John manages to mumble. “Read me some more?”
"Yes?"
John, probably fuelled by one beer too many, has thrown himself in the middle of the crowd and, despite the language barrier, he’s immediately become the old ladies’ heartthrob. He looks fetching, indeed - Sherlock observes from his overlooking spot - in that hairline striped casual shirt and off-white linen slacks. Sherlock has insisted on upgrading his summer wardrobe, at least.
“Timmy!”
The man returning to calling him by his formal title sounds quite endearing. John’s cock agrees, pushing against the fabric of his briefs. He unbuttons his jeans.
“Uh, thanks.” She took a sip, then turned to him. “You were astounding, out there. Nasty accident. Good job, Dr. Watson.”
John extends his hand. “John. Nice to meet you... and this is Sherlock.”
– why, why, why is it so difficult to focus in his mind palace, today? A surge of upset inundates him. He might as well face the irritating, noisy cluster of evidence that's waiting for him outside.
Sherlock looks at him and squints his eyes. Oh god, he's
doing, right now, Captain Watson,” the man pauses, apparently resting his mobile between his ear and his shoulder, “is slicking my fingers generously, while picturing your erection, in vivid detail, frotting against my own and sliding down between my arse cheeks -”
John catches his breath and clears his throat. "That was..."
“Right. Bold of you to sport it for such a job, then. You must be a brave man!” She let out an unnerved chuckle.
John is prepared though, this time around.
"John,
He cocked his brows up, as if to ask her to go on.
just a quick, fun ficlet (
"You're dressed... differently." Sherlock has a unique way of stating the obvious like it was the cleverest of deductions.
, and six to the side,
, he jots down in his thoughts, as he takes in the inviting aroma of dark chocolate and apricot jam.
. I said, something
“Oh, John.” Sherlock tried to bottle up a sniffle, much to no avail.
“Yes. Yes, it is.” John replies, a bit curt. “It’s her first day of school, Sherlock.”
him staying for the tango – he had selected the music in advance, - so he must be enjoying this turn of events, the opportunity of teaching something else than waltz. Perhaps
once in a while - both, metaphorically speaking, of his duties, and quite literally too: he’s got pants on, but still, the grass blades tickling his bare skin are a soothing reminder that, as many labels everyday life may put upon him, he’s just this - a man, enjoying this rare contact with nature.
“What… what are you even doing?”
“Tsk,
“Papa is... alright, dear Watson. Come here.” She climbs on his knees, and he clutches at her like a kid to his comfort blanket.
“Sherlock!” John hisses out, trying to keep his voice down. “You insisted on Gateway over the other one!”
“Mh. What, now?”
. So, do you have a case, or not?!”
do then, John? Would you
“Mmh?”
John is also the reason he isn’t, quite oddly, bored or annoyed or uncomfortable
“Dear god,” he mutters between one stroke and the next, “you’re the most beautiful... human being... I’ve ever laid my eyes on.”
“Was my nickname. You know - international reputation.”
John held him tight. “So, you see, we can look at that silly mobile. We can look at it every day, and remember what really does matter.”
“You cheeky bastard.”
"I need your
“Oh, John,” he spoke while tilting his head a bit, his lips grazing against John’s neck, “don’t think for a second I haven’t noticed how you look at me. Or how you shudder when
, you git,” he uttered, “but we’ll
“Yes, but… seems a bit like going overboard, to me.” Damn, it was difficult to hold a conversation while trying not to prick himself with all the pins placed in the blazer, he realized.
The tension in the room deflates all at once. Sherlock chuckles, even.
“ …May I have the next dance?”
He lowers his eyes and sees it. His dressing gown. Right at his groin. Tented.
) and John’s wriggling is doing fuck all but causing a great deal of friction between them, and all of his blood is flowing towards all the wrong - or right - places.
“If I recall correctly… about
“Expensive”, he repeated, taken aback. “
John attempts to resist in jest, tries to get free from the grapple but Sherlock is surprisingly strong for being this slender, and agile too: he’s locked John’s legs with his own and readily counters his struggles; being over him, he’s got the upper hand and doesn’t give sign of relenting. For a long minute they’re a tangle of taut muscles and tendons fighting for an inch of advantage, pushing and pulling and striving to overpower each other. Their laughter has changed into groans of exertion (though a smirk lingers on Sherlock’s face -
"I can't do
“I instantly recognized it: it’s a Dolcevita Treccia by Loro Piana.”
-” he groans as he plunges on him “- you’re in
What could a man like that look like, unraveled under his hands?
“Yeah. Captain John Watson, Fifth Northumberland Fusiliers. Served in Afghanistan.”
“Or how the cut of this blazer flatters your frame?” Both of Sherlock’s hands rose to rest on his shoulders.
“You see,” John reprised while enveloping Sherlock in a hug, “at first it was just meant to be a silly present, but there’s more to it.”
“Well, then. Let’s go?” John lifts his gaze and finally sees him, no doubt diagnosing him on the spot. Pale, tense, his forehead beaded with sweat: Sherlock is either on the verge of vomiting or - in layman’s terms - scared shitless.
This fight, as they both know perfectly well, he can't win.
. You'll have so much fun dancing to this."
In the last week, John has often caught himself recalling last time's dance. And he has watched an awful number of
“Mmh. Yes.” Something is happening on the other end of the call, too, because the stranger is breathing audibly into the receiver.
"We'll review them one by one, anyway," and props John's arms into form, then starts showing him the moves' pattern.
“Yes, yes we do.” John concedes, and he gets up, then reaches down to squeeze Sherlock’s shoulder.
, and three aaand back, and four, cross," he nudges John's foot with the tip of his shoe, "and five back again,
of minerals!"
“Mmh. Not my priority, to be fair. It’s a dirty job, after all.”
Bystanders and people from the surgery had quickly gathered on the pavement. He elbowed through the crowd to get to the site of the accident and in the span of just a few seconds he had the scene assessed: a brutal collision between a delivery van and a moped had occurred, and the rider lay semi-unconscious on the tarmac, blood spurting from a gash on his right thigh. Fortunately, the young man was wearing a helmet.
“And that was when I knew,” John continued, “that as much as you loved showing off that big brain of yours, you had a way bigger heart.”
Just a few moments passed and the bedroom door was flung open.
on the grounds of being an exquisite point of focus for Sherlock.
Sherlock’s fingertips graze at John’s chest hair, where sweat has started pearling. “You’ll get burned”, he says, and in one swift movement he’s turned over John and he’s straddling him.
He stands up and pads to the bedroom. John's asleep and breathing with his mouth open; he nudges his shoulder.
detective. The only one in the world. Was I right, then?” John notices the subtle gloating in the way the man has replied.
He would have to be very careful and as sneaky as possible, but he could do it - John decided on a whim.
The swear word - coupled with the image of it coming from that posh mouth - is enough to send John over the edge.
Sherlock let out a grunt and padded towards him, then leaned down to stamp a peck on John’s lips.
It’s all so… natural and easygoing. The small talk doesn’t put him off, for once, and Rosie, over there at the school’s playground, is making friends already.
“Happy birthday, love,” John chuckled.
“That day… you had claimed you didn’t care for astronomy. That it didn’t matter if we went around the sun or the moon. But then… you damn well paid attention, and remembered about the Van Buren supernova. Because it suddenly mattered, didn’t it?”
“Three Continents.”
He sensed the tailor discreetly flinching. Oh, great: he must have broken some fitting room etiquette, by mentioning money.
"I can't do
“Sorry if I’m out of line, but -” he continues, if only to make the other man speak, “ - you didn’t seem in your right mind. Are you under the influence of any substance? I’m a doctor, you can tell me confidentially if you need  -”
you have a case, for the love of god.” The stranger’s impatience seeps out of his words, the sentence being enunciated like a command. John is taken aback once more.
- but in the end he deemed himself satisfied with his student's proficiency.
“Don’t tell me too much, please. I’m not finished.”
His name rolls on the stranger’s tongue like warm honey. He’s
“I… I may have to wash
So John draws back from the battle. As the piano pursues the violin, he relents into the embrace, exhales against Sherlock's collarbone, and his tension transmutes into full surrender.
Sherlock takes in the utter chaos around him, John’s hilarity, his sure hands, their drenched clothes, the bliss of this moment and finds himself exhilarated, his head lighter than he’s experienced in… forever.
“Brilliant?”
The doctor in John kicks in and he turns the kettle off, grabs his phone again and taps on the last outbound call.
The waltz fades out and the two men in 221B, Baker Street, stop dancing.
John doesn't understand, and doesn't ask.
“Yes, yes we do.” John concedes, and he gets up, then reaches down to squeeze Sherlock’s shoulder.
“Oh. Very,
She reprises in a scolding tone: "Sherlock, dear. You have to take care of yourself, don't you realize? Here, have some cake – or would you prefer a
, even.
“John!
"John..." he says, and it's a choked whisper.
“Read me, then.”
Just a few moments passed and the bedroom door was flung open.
“Hey, here you are, at last! And this is Diane, Jamie’s mom.”
John held him tight. “So, you see, we can look at that silly mobile. We can look at it every day, and remember what really does matter.”
“Oh, John.” Sherlock tried to bottle up a sniffle, much to no avail.
.” The stranger sounds flat out impressed, and John basks in the thought of it.
John rests his hand on Sherlock's small of the back, and he eases into it. His heart unclouds from any worry.
Other parents come by to meet them and rounds of introductions are made. Most moms are moved at the thought of separating from their little ones, some dads are just a bit nervous, or excited, or both. All of them are gleaming and proud, and none of them make any comment about Rosie’s peculiar pair of dads.
“Sorry”, John muttered in embarrassment. “Though, I mean, a
Sherlock forces himself to regain some composure.
“Sunbathing, John?”
John looks around the bedsit: yeah,
John shakes his head in disbelief. What a way to end this sodding night.
sure he has dialled the right number, even if he had to recall it from memory, having lost it by changing phones. Or has he? Sure, he’s quite pissed, but still, he can remember Samantha’s number, can’t he?
“Showered?”
"ENOUGH!", he yells at his own baffling brain, as he shakes his head to make the inane scene vanish. He abruptly comes back to reality. It's night already – he's lying on the sofa, the papers from the case he's on all scattered around him.
Sherlock flops into his chair and exhales, undoes the first button of his shirt (then changes his mind and buttons it up again), restlessly taps his fingers on the armrest. He considers coming up with a sudden, unpredictable illness - which wouldn’t be that hard to fake, to be fair - when John comes out of the loo and into the sitting room.
, especially like this, in open air; a sight which definitely stirs something up, down there.
John’s abs and thighs harden as he bucks up to get into a sitting position, but Sherlock puts all his weight on him pushing him back on the ground, and simultaneously catches John’s arms and pins them down by the wrists at the sides of his head.
It's all wrong, a mess of cluttered clues – faces and dates, facts and newspaper headlines that flutter around him like a swarm of locusts, buzzing incessantly and impossible to grasp – a disorienting cacophony, it's a -
"... and don't look at
“Wait! Are you… are you okay?”
“Please, Dr. Watson. Do go on and tell me about it.”
, seven – pause – and eight forward, and one to the side, and two,
John's right hand is the first that moves, unclasping and falling to Sherlock's shoulder, then sliding to the side of his beautiful neck. They're staring into each other's eyes and Sherlock doesn't seem to compute, as he blinks three times, fast.
“Sherlock?” John can’t hide his worry, and Rosie must sense it, because she turns around to him, too.
. Take a seat and a cuppa with me, would you?" she says as she gestures to the steaming teapot. There's a saucer on the table, too, with a mouthwatering slice of cake –
, now?
"Mmh."
John’s hips thrust up one last time, his cock spurting come onto his fist and t-shirt, and his vision goes black for a second.
Right then, a knock at the room’s door interrupted the moment, and Sherlock pulled away, leaving there a flustered John.
Then he quickly adds:
“You persist hiding beneath layers of jumpers,” Sherlock’s hands slowly traced along John’s back and to his waist, “when just the right fabric and amount of tapering are enough to enhance your compact figure.”
, he’s
on the web.
“But you got it, in a way. Sammy would have been more than
“Ah.”
. A distraction.”
She scrunches her face and gets away from Sherlock, who was just adjusting her pigtails. “Oh. Sorry”, he mutters, but she can’t hear him anymore - she’s already running around the flat like a little bolt of energy.
John smiles at the casualness of the sentence.
“Expensive”, he repeated, taken aback. “
John gulped. Sherlock was now practically whispering into his ear, his warm breath sending a shiver down his spine.
John gets the phone back to his ear and clears his throat to signal he’s still there.
John has never got music like Sherlock does, but the piece that's now playing sounds so incredibly
He props himself up on his elbows and taps on the camera app without disconnecting the call. He makes sure to offer his best cheeky smirk and snaps a quick selfie, then hits ‘send’, hoping the stranger will reciprocate.
should surprise Sherlock, for once. A practical thank you for all the free lessons, if you will.
“Ah.” John adjusts himself on the mattress.
“John.” Sherlock called him, “I lied.”
He lifted his eyes from the newspaper and turned around to look over his shoulder. There, wrapped in just a sheet and still half asleep, stood Sherlock - a soft puzzled expression on his face, and his curls delightfully unruly.
"William Sherlock Scott Holmes! GET A GRIP!", mind-palace-Mycroft shouts from the bench, his lips pursed in disappointment.
John yawns and rubs his eyes. "My...
“Afghanistan or Iraq?”
Sherlock had said, but this tango has been all but
then the violin goes off into a mesmerizing wail, and Sherlock is moving him around like a doll, unexpectedly commanding, and John is, frankly, bamboozled, and can't help but slop into him and let him do, suddenly too aware of the warmness emanating from Sherlock's body and of the fresh smell of Sherlock's shirt, of Sherlock's steady hands and of Sherlock's legs brushing his shin like a caress and of Sherlock's
“I’m fine, by the way,” the man says, “just… bored.”
“Ahem,” Sherlock cleared his throat, “quite
Or something like that.”
"Oh. Sod off" - a smile softens John's lips - "Ok. But only if you stop being such a pretentious git."
They stay silent for a few long moments, both equally spent and satiated. John tries to get up, but his legs are still shaking.
The compliment hits its target again, as far as John can tell, because he hears the man gulp down. John Watson still has game.
(inspired by
. Take a seat and a cuppa with me, would you?" she says as she gestures to the steaming teapot. There's a saucer on the table, too, with a mouthwatering slice of cake –
First, Bill taking him out for beers had taken a bad turn - apparently, John can’t mix alcohol and army memories anymore without getting in a foul mood, and he won’t blame his mate if he’ll think it over before inviting him again next time. There was a time when he would have tried to chat some girl up and undo his troubles with a good shag, but those days are long gone. What would they see, now? A sad invalided man, limping on his cane, and - in case of a far-fetched stroke of luck - a frankly depressing bedsit. No, he wouldn’t step so low.
- a less refined version of ballroom dance.
“Aaah, like that… Oh, fuck me, fuck me
John rests his hand on Sherlock's small of the back, and he eases into it. His heart unclouds from any worry.
“Mmh”, he hums.
“Is this… really necessary?”
“Piss off”, he replies in jest.
John chuckles, rightly amused. “A booty call, you mean?”
John barely contains a grunt at the realization that the man has catched up, and carefully weighs the words he’s about to say.
“Of course it is, John. You definitely need a new suit.”
"...could you give me a blowjob?"
“At least you didn’t stain
“Yeah, we’ve already talked about this, love. I know, but - “ John pauses for a moment in search of the right words, “ - we really, really must go now, if we want to be there on time.”
“Still bored, right now?”
He handed Sherlock the shovel, with a bit more force than called.
- oh,
The cottage’s backyard is blooming with fragrant wildflowers - they didn’t even bother to have it mowed prior to their arrival - but as Sherlock sits down by his side, he catches a whiff of thyme and honey: Sherlock’s body wash.
- past tense - and your eagerness in helping me would be a sign of a strong moral code. All this points to one probable conclusion: honourable discharge.”
“Oh. Right. Sorry.” She leaned her back against the wall, beside John.
The lady swings her hand up at him, too:
They manage to get there on time, in the end. A crowd of parents and children - the latter, all in the coordinated red and black outfit - is already gathering at the gate, where a cheerful brunette teacher is welcoming them.
John sighed.
John's tone of voice came out harsher than he had meant it, and Sherlock started at once, lifting his eyes from… whatever he was looking at - an alarmed look on his face, and his magnifying glass still between his fingers.
Just follow me."
“Oh, very close.
One yellow, elongated fruit has suddenly materialized in her hand. It's the most perfect specimen of a banana – bright colour, symmetrical, turgid – his twisted mind can apparently come up with.
“Here. Have this.”
She must have noticed his baffled face.
“Hmm. It did, yes.” Sherlock was starting to get where this was going, apparently.
“As you have seen, I can read people,
.” She was now gesturing at his jumper.
"...could you give me a blowjob?"
, John. Completely unacceptable as a teacher. Let me make amends."
Or, perhaps, it’s the amazing, unparallelled sight of his joyful husband, waiting for him with a wide grin and a playful glint in his eyes.
“Mh. What, now?”
but modern, something able to raise your game but not too much that'll overwhelm you. Something like...
She was attempting to make small talk – a likely response from somebody shocked, John figured out. Better let her speak and steam it out.
Sherlock goes bananas.
and two, join with the left,
Lisa, Timmy’s mom, comes to greet them, closely tailed by another young woman.
“And, well,” she continued, “good thing you had rolled up your sleeves.”
“And you’re not daft, either, John. Let’s see if you can make
(see image below).
.” He charges the last word with praise, and he does it on purpose.
(see image below).
“So,” Sherlock mirrors him. He shifts his weight from one foot the other; he must look like a beanpole if compared to the old people around them.
“Well, your call is proving to be quite the distraction. Not as much as a murder would, I’m afraid.”
“But you were still looking for… something.” It’s not a question; he’s trying to figure it out on his own, and John lets him.
The man sounds flustered. John imagines him blushing, and casually brushes his own growing arousal.
John snapped out of his racing thoughts. The director was offering him… something. Yes, a cup of tea. The British cure-all, he snickered to himself. He stared at his own bloodied hands. So, so much blood; and still, the man would live. He had been stabilized upon the ambulance arrival, and he would live, despite all.
"... seven, and eight." Sherlock claps twice to make John stop. "I see that you have been practicing, isn't it? Careful, John, you might neglect the waltz."
"You know I didn’t actually delete the solar system, don’t you?"
John sighed.
“Still there?” The stranger’s voice caresses John’s ear.
“Uh, thanks.” She took a sip, then turned to him. “You were astounding, out there. Nasty accident. Good job, Dr. Watson.”
“You know, it’s a passion of mine. High-end italian fashion.”
"Could say so, yeah."
, she loudly recites in a mocking sing-song.
John’s mind conjured up memories from last Christmas. Specifically, an image of Sherlock handing him his present. The posh git.
“Do you have a case?
All things considered, Sherlock should find the current situation annoying, at best; certainly, unpleasant; if not downright
A violin jumps into the melody, but it has a warm, deep timbre that resonates into John's chest as it duels with the piano; it makes him find the audacity to dare and lean closer against his partner's body, an affront which doesn't go unnoticed. Sherlock responds in kind by pressing harder into him as he leads him into a proper fight – a whirlwind of spins forced on John's waist and of unpredictable steps that come at once with the syncopated rhythm and with John's heightened awareness of Sherlock's breath brushing his temple, of Sherlock's superb jawline, of Sherlock's thumb eagerly pushing on his hipbone.
“Puzzles. Problems. Experiments. Or one fascinating individual, even.”
- has gathered by the main attraction of the event: a stage that’s been installed (admittedly, quite professionally, with lighting rigs and an impressive sound system) on the far side of the square. The band provides a mismatched mix of pop music and
John sighs and sits on his chair, a questioning look worth a thousand words on his face.
John snapped out of his racing thoughts. The director was offering him… something. Yes, a cup of tea. The British cure-all, he snickered to himself. He stared at his own bloodied hands. So, so much blood; and still, the man would live. He had been stabilized upon the ambulance arrival, and he would live, despite all.
feet, either. Look at
Sherlock readjustes Rosie on his lap. “But, you know… what if…?”
The village’s square, otherwise a quaint place characterized by its late-medieval architecture and a small Baroque church, is now packed with people who seem to have descended on it like a swarm of locusts to attend the summer fair. Stalls along the square’s perimeter offer a wide array of drinks and street foods; the smell of greasy barbecued meat easily overpowers everything else and blends in the air with the alcoholic tang of beer and red wine - these last two, exuding their vapours from what’s been spilled on the pavement already.
The waltz needed a brush up, indeed. John was not entirely focused today, and Sherlock had to correct him a couple times –
"Oh, tango! So, you liked it!"
interesting.”
Maybe it’s a friend of hers. Or did she get a boyfriend? Damn. He had just hoped…
“Nervous?” John asks, and the question isn’t just for Rosie.
That's enough for John to prompt himself up on his toes and meet Sherlock's lips with his own.
Scratch that; here and now, with his eyes squeezed shut as much as possible in a self-imposed challenge to withstand the direct sunlight on his face as long as he can, he kinda feels like lizards must do. Lizards must lead stress-free, simple lives, don’t they? Without jobs and all the rest.
Elderly couples have quickly filled the dance floor, and if they might look feeble at first sight, the music seems to inject them with renewed energy, making them spin around effortlessly in a whirlwind of colourful blouses and white coiffed heads.
He would have to be very careful and as sneaky as possible, but he could do it - John decided on a whim.
are the one “under the influence”, so to speak - suggest a military background. Oh, and I’ve rarely met an overzealous GP on a Friday night, so: army doctor. The rest is a mere matter of probability.”
, but now every single thing is also
first,” he held his hands in front of him, and the woman sheepishly drew back, realizing her faux pas.
" Such a simple word sounds ill-fitting, coming out of Sherlock's mouth.
Is the stranger… flirting with him? Christ, the man hasn’t even offered him his name, but John is buzzed enough to entertain the thought.
"...and six, seven, eight – and one"
He nodded, overcome by curiosity, so she considered for a moment, then spoke out.
"John. I know it's 2 in the morning, but..."
and damn if he's not sweating,
He catches John looking at him over his shoulder, a couple of times - delighted at seeing Sherlock enjoying himself.
John already knows that he doesn't have to look at his feet, thank you very much – Sherlock has really insisted on it, right from the beginning of their waltz lessons – and yet, he finds it so hard, now, and he's not exactly looking at his feet, anyway, but at Sherlock's - which are light and graceful and add unpredicted flourishes here and there in between the steps.
"Blah, blah, blah, that's how daddies talk!", she loudly recites in a mocking sing-song.
“Uhm, is it really… necessary, that I come, too?”
“Why are you... ?”
“I’m all… seated, John.
He handed Sherlock the shovel, with a bit more force than called.
“I instantly recognized it: it’s a Dolcevita Treccia by Loro Piana.”
“A what?”
Sherlock turns all somber, his gaze lowering to the floor.
“Correct.”
“Are you… are you getting it, John? A
against his own - suddenly he can feel
“Yeah?”
The morning shift at the surgery seemed to drag at a glacial pace. He had an endless queue of patients to be examined, his coffee had long gone cold and, to boot, the administrative director was visiting today – inspecting the facilities or something; John didn’t care in the slightest – and she was getting in his way with her pointless questions. She was a posh, sharply dressed businesswoman, and frankly came across as more than a bit out of touch with the daily struggles of the medical practice.
for a confrontation. There are no clenched fists, now, but the high for imminent
Despite the distance that separates them - a distance which can’t even be guessed, since the other man could be anywhere in the UK - John feels closely observed. It doesn’t bother him in the least; on the contrary, it’s quite intriguing.
Bystanders and people from the surgery had quickly gathered on the pavement. He elbowed through the crowd to get to the site of the accident and in the span of just a few seconds he had the scene assessed: a brutal collision between a delivery van and a moped had occurred, and the rider lay semi-unconscious on the tarmac, blood spurting from a gash on his right thigh. Fortunately, the young man was wearing a helmet.
“Sherlock!” John hisses out, trying to keep his voice down. “You insisted on Gateway over the other one!”
about it later.”
that John must have heard before, though he can't name it. Iconic, Sherlock had said.
Sherlock pressed his body onto his, and a soft moan escaped John’s lips.
"This... isn't a waltz, is it?"
with each other.
John's tone of voice came out harsher than he had meant it, and Sherlock started at once, lifting his eyes from… whatever he was looking at - an alarmed look on his face, and his magnifying glass still between his fingers.
“And in lack of a murder... what kind of stimulation would your brain accept in its stead?”
trouble.”
, and three, and four..."
"Sherlock, just... stop it. Just one more thing, for now," John asks as he reaches for another kiss. "...One more dance."
. Glittery confetti fall from somewhere above.
of minerals!"
first,” he held his hands in front of him, and the woman sheepishly drew back, realizing her faux pas.
It’s hysterical. The band onstage continues playing and cheers on the dancers. The elderly, bless them, seem elated at the refreshing rain, and show no sign of wanting to stop. Young, hyper kids run into the crowd, sliding on the wet pavement, seriously risking causing a disaster of people toppling like bowling pins.
John involuntarily moved his leg, and the tailor jerked away from him, for sure labelling him as Worst Client Ever.
“Nervous?” John asks, and the question isn’t just for Rosie.
“And what do they say?”
Sherlock scoffs and mumbles under his breath: “Mpfh. That’s because it’s not the nearest school -”
In reply, Sherlock leans down and offers him his neck to nose at. Indeed, he was right. John can’t resist it and nuzzles at the proffered throat, receiving a low moan of approval in return.
“That’s when boredom comes into play, I guess.”
It’s quite impressive to see Rosie this excited, this early in the morning. The same Rosie who, on any normal day, hogs their bed until late and has to be bribed into getting up with the promise of pancakes.
.” The man continues in a mocking tone: “No,
“... between my arse cheeks, I was saying. Would you grab me vigorously, John? Leave some finger marks on my skin? Make your way to my opening? I like to think you would. I’d have been preparing myself for you, by the way. Just like I am doing, right
“Yes. Yes, it is.” John replies, a bit curt. “It’s her first day of school, Sherlock.”
The italian words rolled out beautifully on her tongue, but it didn’t help make him any less oblivious on the matter.
“Well done, detective. Very
“Shut. Up.” John doesn’t care to stifle his panting, now that all the cards are on the table. “Or I’ll make you.”
Rosie lets out a screeching “Yeeeeah!” and sprints towards him, ending with a pirouette that makes her skirt fan out. She’s so cute in her new uniform, a red sweatshirt with the school emblem embroidered in white; Sherlock can’t appreciate it in due manner, right now, though.
“Sherlock?” John can’t hide his worry, and Rosie must sense it, because she turns around to him, too.
John looked at her, then, a bit lost, at his own clothes. He wasn’t dressed much differently than usual. The jumper he was wearing was very soft and warm, one of his favourites for sure, but it was just… that. A cable-knit jumper.
A few seconds pass, and he feels a surge of adrenaline in the anticipation of the man’s reaction.
"...and breathe, John.
about it later.”
John can’t come up with lucid words. His hand pumps furiously, all slicked up with pre-come, and the sound of it fills the room in an lewd way - surely audible to the other man, too.
detail.”
John patted his knees. “Come here.” Sherlock flopped on his lap with a sigh.
A brisk push to the side, and he’s rolled Sherlock over on his back.
“At least you didn’t stain
It's true. Their other sessions had him flustered by the end – John is still quite fit for his age, but spinning around while trying to make sense of the steps' pattern and keeping a somewhat dignified posture had required an extra effort. Not this time, apparently. He's really getting the gist of it, ain't he? He should be grateful for it; all this is mostly for the sake of making Mary happy, anyway. And waltz is not exactly a forgiving dance, all stiff positions and calculated moves.
“Hellooo?!” The deep, baritone voice on the other end presses on.
The suggestive tone makes John bite his lower lip, and his grip automatically tightens around his shaft. This is gonna end too soon, and he doesn’t even know what the man looks like.
John stood at parade rest, offering a deliberately severe expression.
Sherlock has to speak over Rosie, who’s idly playing with his curls.
, he jots down in his thoughts, as he takes in the inviting aroma of dark chocolate and apricot jam.
"...and eight. All right?"
An angelic voice matches the instruments and yes, it's quite a straightforward rhythm - enough that John should still be able to pay attention to the sequence of numbers that Sherlock is enunciating on the beat - but Sherlock's face is too close, and he's staring at him so intensely,
Sherlock readjustes Rosie on his lap. “But, you know… what if…?”
“Wrong. Number!”
A ping from his phone signals an incoming attachment. Well, the moment of truth has come. He hesitates a bit before opening the picture.
“Deduction, Captain Watson. I have a remarkable brain; the only downside being that it requires constant… stimulation.”
The corridor unravels before his eyes, new rooms coming into existence as he moves forward. His head is throbbing, his palms are sweaty. One of the doors on the left emits a faint glow, as if to call his attention. A shiny etched plate spells: "TOILET".
The aristocratic ambience of the fitting room certainly didn’t help making him feel at ease. He stood in front of a tall, three-paneled mirror, seamlessly mounted into the wall’s dark wood trims; the remaining sides of the room were lined with built-in open closets showcasing an array of suits and shirts and ties, and the herringbone hardwood floor under his socked feet looked like it got waxed
“Uhm, I…”
It's all wrong, a mess of cluttered clues – faces and dates, facts and newspaper headlines that flutter around him like a swarm of locusts, buzzing incessantly and impossible to grasp – a disorienting cacophony, it's a -
Sherlock let out a sigh and closed the heavy sample book with a loud
face, "your posture."
A group of henlike grannies has committed to teaching him the steps, each one of them claiming him for the next song. John abides like a true gentleman, to their general entertainment.
She was attempting to make small talk – a likely response from somebody shocked, John figured out. Better let her speak and steam it out.
Lisa, Timmy’s mom, comes to greet them, closely tailed by another young woman.
Against Sherlock's best predictions, John
Well, it turns out he can’t remember her number; not while drunk, anyway.
“Let me help you. Hold on just a mo’.”
John considers the crazy idea for a moment. A stroke of luck, indeed.
The sun warming him up, his back nicely stretched against the ground, his arms lazily folded behind his head, John feels all his worries and obligations being swept away by the gentle breeze; it’s sweet to be
Is Sherlock blushing? Surely it looks like it, but he quickly gathers himself and erupts in a smile that lights his whole face up.
“It’s eucalyptus infused steam. Good for your airways.”
John smiles at him. A small smile, one that doesn’t match the emotion in his eyes. “Yeah?”
"If she was, she'd need an accomplice, since she was at her sister's when the shed burned."
"So?  His nibs doesn't want to mingle with the commoners, eh?  I see, it's the
"  Sherlock demands.
“The last time we met you talked about how you’d beat and kicked Sherlock and the resulting physical damage. Would you agree with me if I said that you sometimes have trouble controlling your anger?”
"Take care, habibi.  I'll put on some more music for you; '
"True.  He seems to be a good guy, according to Miss Cushing.  And Miss Badu called him a friend."
Eyes roaming the room, his things, very few, her things - also quite few - and the stuff that they'd bought together. Two orphans with only estranged relatives. This was the home they had created, this was his chosen partner and life. Was he being too demanding, craving more than this? Shouldn't he be satisfied with all he had? Was it normal to doubt like this?
Sherlock calls - from John’s lawn.
The only thing that stands out to John is a few economy packs of non-iodized coarse sea salt and a stock of toilet paper, stored beneath the bed.  A pretty large stock for only one individual.  Maybe he had a bowel problem?  John recalls that salt under the bed might have to do with some Feng Shui-ish mumbo jumbo.  How does that fit with Kafka?  But then again, maybe it doesn't have to fit.
Further west of Brighton Pier, cut off from the shore and surrounded by glittering waves, is what is left of the iconic West Pier.  Storm damage, fire and collapse have reduced the once magnificent pleasure pier to a sculptural iron frame, that cast an eerie beauty over the seafront.  The skeletal remnants of the curved roof on the former concert hall reminds John of a Victorian domed bird cage.
Their meandering finally brings them to the Royal Pavilion, residing in a Regency-style garden, providing a green haven in the city center.  The buildings give off fairytale vibes with their fantastic take on oriental inspired pointed arches, onion domes and minaret-like towers.  In the garden behind the museum, Sherlock notices a few stalks of pink hollyhocks, still blooming in the sunny patches of the flowerbeds.  He recognises the familiar flittering of orange among them;
Sherlock said
provocation? Proposing a
He’s done a lousy job of it since coming back, though. And now he’s really messed it up, again. Worse.
I’m rationalising violence, I know, but he really behaved like a dick.”
The vocalist's voice is pleasant, the words beautiful, even though he doesn't know their meaning.  The piano's jazzy, the sway of the music captivating.  Sherlock taps out the 10/8 meter against the warm skin of John's palm.  Warm skin, a warm gaze, bathed in the warm colours of candlelight.
John sits down in the other chair.  It reminds him of home--of long companionable silences in front of the fire.  Now, however, they're back to the distancing silence once again.  John feels like he's ruined it all.
"You've talked to the neighbours?"
"I'm sorry, John.  You're completely right.  It seems I'm as foolish as Brian James.  He didn't tell his friend about his returning depression and he didn't speak to his doctor."
"Yes."
John is busy with his phone.  "Sherlock, for real," he mutters when Molly's left them.  "It's only been a few weeks since her former boyfriend was on national television for committing the crime of the century.  Give her a break."  John's phone pings.  "Nice!  Donovan has sent me better photos of the
John feels his cheeks heat. Blossoming could be a word for it. Depraved would also fit. His blood rushes just from thinking about it. Luckily nowadays, he’s got a bit more stamina than during their first encounters. The mere satisfaction of giving pleasure to Sherlock used to tip him over the edge embarrassingly fast. He’s since learnt to pleasure him in so many ways. Sometimes reluctant to meet Sherlock’s very specific demands, but always ending up getting off on it anyway. There’s always ongoing negotiations, as Sherlock pushes boundaries and John struggles with his ingrained fear of being deviant. They’re still learning, and learning is progress.
“I noticed in Dartmoor.”
John watches as Sherlock's gaze roves over Miss Cushing, no doubt gleaming facts that only he can deduce.  "Do you still have the box?"
Mrs Hudson isn’t happy.
John has stopped listening.
Sherlock thinks the heat is finally getting to him, too, because he finds himself agreeing.  "All right."
What a difference it would have made, if his childhood dream had come true: being adopted by Catherine - and Dorothy. It would have been an entirely different life.
This morning, John's defences were down, due to lack of sleep.  Now, they're back up again and he's starting to second-guess what he's prepared.  He's rather content though, sitting here, even if he'll soon get a sunburn.  Where the stifling heat of London was constant, here the increasing wind is treacherous, cooling the skin and whirling away the warmth, while the invisible radiation keeps damaging the skin over time.  At this moment, John couldn't care less.  At this moment, with the mesmerising movement of water, the sound of waves ever-changing, yet constant, and his fingers buried in pebbles, John feels as rooted as Sherlock seems.  The only thing he longs for is the courage to lean into him again.  To put his cheek to the sun-warmed fabric of Sherlock's shirt, without the pretence of falling asleep.  To stay there, to be allowed to stay there, feeling the slight movements of Sherlock's breathing.
“You said it was only superficial. That’s pretty permanent,” he says, voice wobbling a bit, and gestures towards Sherlock’s face.
John reluctantly accepts an invitation to go on a case with Sherlock. Luckily it’s not a high-adrenaline stake-out, but turns out to be a rather boring insurance fraud.
"Have
.  "Kiss me, John."
John lets go of Sherlock’s wrists to quickly release himself from the towel. He takes Sherlock’s hands in his, entwining their fingers, licks and sucks at his thumbs. Sherlock is so very pliant, following John’s movements. John can’t quite wrap his head around it. He puts their hands down against the seat, his own on top of Sherlock’s. He lets his fingers slide up Sherlock’s forearms, watching him shudder. Then quickly back down, digging in his nails along the way. Sherlock cries out, blinks as if he doesn’t understand what he’s seeing. John grips his wrists again, unyielding, and tugs a bit more forceful, lifts an eyebrow.
John rubbed his hands over his face. This was not how he planned the day to go. At all.
An enthusiastic cheer went up. Sherlock blushed deeply as Greg whistled and pounded on his shoulder as he clapped.
"If I'm still stuck here, I'll see if I can take a couple of days off to be in London for the party at the very least," Sherlock soothed.
And they played around like that until a customer came in.
Both cars drove off, going their separate ways.
“Was that Harry then?” Mike asked, referring to other call John had gotten earlier.
luck, don't I?" John groused.
Mycroft shrugged, "Well, it was my fault you were in detention in the first place.'
"He didn't. But he was kind about it. He even stopped the recording a couple of times to let me compose myself," Sherlock explained.
"You are absolutely ridiculous," Sherlock scoffed, but John thought he caught the barest hint of a smile as the publicist drew up the map.
"Yeah...no," John replied. "It's where a group of boys would get together overnight and play games, watch movies, binge on fizzy drinks, candy and junk food. Sometimes if the weather was nice enough, it would be outside in a tent."
"Just to make sure I have this clear," Sebastian said, lacing his fingers together on the table in front of him and leaning forward on his elbows, "you want compensation for both shipments that were printed incorrectly, plus lost revenue. And then you wanted a 15% discount for the next five years as reparations, do I have that correct?"
Edit: I forgot to mention that I HATE the "show, not tell" advice. It is usually spouted by assholes who want to piss on your story by being vague about it and NEVER explaining what it means, only looking down their noses at you because you had the audacity to ask.
Greg looked at him for a moment, "You've got everything figured out, don't you?"
"Why did you miss last year?" Mycroft pressed.
"When are you going to learn that people of that quality will never to talk to the likes of us?"
When John came to, he had a very worried publicist staring at him, with a ring of curious or concerned patrons of the restaurant.
"It's mostly classic literature, a few sci-fi novels, but old school. Jules Verne and Mary Shelly."
"Meet me out front," John said, "I have to let Mike know where I'm going and when I'll be back."
John's head shot up with a grin. "Has my 'everything is transport' lover actually been thinking about retiring some day?"
Or he would have done, if Mrs Hudson hadn't handed the man his most potent ammunition to date.
"Yeah, my dad was stationed in Seattle, Washington for a few months and was telling us how hard it was to find a good beer," John agreed. "Can you imagine all the dirty looks we would be getting if we were in America?"
Sherlock untied the belt and the rest of the robe drooped gracefully to the floor. Sherlock's entire right side was uncovered, as the sleeve pooled at his wrist.
"Open them," John said.
Mycroft leaned forward until their faces were really close, "Why?"
English. "John, do you like the bloke?"
Later, when they were on their third round, John brought the subject up again.
"You know, I don't think I've seen a single game in any of the places I've checked while I was looking for you," he pondered out loud. "Most people have at least a pack of cards out or something."
felt like a single mother. Anyway, we moved here and she wanted to make sure I still got the best education, so all of her alimony goes toward keeping me at Bakers Academy."
They saw Bertie and Greg and immediately turned around and walked back out.
He stood up to find Greg on the other side of the car, arms resting on the hood of the car.
"Hey, John?" Mike called out. John forced his head to look up at his friend. "You still have that surprise I had you hold on to for me. The one for Divya?"
"In the flesh," Mr Holmes said with a grin.
"It's fine, but there you have it," Greg spat bitterly. "The very true and very dark history of Gregory Lestrade. It's not as cool or as hip as the porn star, but it will have to do."
Sherlock looked at her and smiled the sweetest smile. He mouthed 'thank you' and then gave John's hand a squeeze."I'll go have some punch and try to calm down while I wait, shall I?"
Mycroft laughed. "No, I'm improbable."
"What happened?" the brunet asked.
Sherlock fidgeted nervously at his mother's exercise room door. He walked up to the door to knock only to lose courage and step back. He chewed on his thumbnail and paced back and forth.
miserable."
The man was looking very handsome in a blue plaid button-up, a black v-neck jumper and dark blue jeans. Sherlock felt his heart speed up, even as his feet slowed down.
(See the end of the chapter for
Mummy threw her arms up in the air in defeat and Sherlock and Sally cheered.
At first John had thought Sherlock was Mrs Hudson's son, but that was put to bed one day when Sherlock had been running late because Mycroft wanted him to do something (John couldn't quite hear, he had been dealing with a customer at the time) for their parents' yearly memorial.
"You might want to add battery and stalking to those charges," Sherlock called out.
"You don't seem very frightening."
Mycroft closed his eyes. He slowly opened them and said, "Where did you leave it?"
Sherlock: Well, Ajay is based off my first boyfriend, so it only seemed fair to give John his own character.
"Well, it's hard to top that," Mycroft agreed. "So ask me anything."
Sherlock must have seen it before it happened, because he was able to catch John before he teetered to ground.
Just then a dark-haired boy walked past talking to a black girl. "And what group do they belong in?" John asked with a low whistle.
"Look, this is the event of the season; the Albus M Worthington Foundation, helping to bring literacy back into sports. No one in their right mind would miss this, not if they still wanted endorsements afterwards. Besides, Dale told me he was coming," Victor nudged his friend with his elbow. "You aren't the only one in the company to have a sporty boyfriend, you know."
"Fuck." Greg buried his head in his hands. That was the last straw for today. He was done. He lifted his head and then threw himself back against his chair. "You know we can't do the show without you."
Sherlock out and out laughed when he saw the "haunted house" that Brook was using as his headquarters. It was an old Edwardian house that had long ago been split into flats.
It took the publicist everything he had not to shudder in revulsion. "You should be grateful that I haven't pressed charges against you for harassment, Jim."
"That's hardly my fault," the maitre d' complained.
Sherlock nodded, blush staining his cheeks.
Mycroft shook his head, "No, it's actually a really good assignment."
*checks the calendar* At least it's not the six weeks it was between one and two. *winces* Yeah, sorry about that. Life has pretty much kicked me in the teeth lately. Depression is really not a respecter of time. It likes to show up when the least welcome. But, I appear to be on an upswing. I just hope it lasts long enough to get the next chapter typed up.
Part four is live, everyone! And the part everyone one has been waiting for. Also what I've been calling part 1 of the twist. ;)
"Hello, what's the name today?" he asked.
"Oh, you are on," Mycroft said.
"Mycroft," John repeated.
Sherlock whirled around at the sound, and immediately John looked away.
Mycroft opened his arm and Sherlock went willingly to bury his face in his brother's chest.
"Oi!" Bill complained as he set the large box he was carrying down next to a couple of mismatched chairs. One a red, floral, upholstered monstrosity and the other a green leather and steel modern thing that somehow fit in with the rest of the décor, even with the awful wallpaper and threadbare rug.
"Indeed."
"Especially then," John said as he brought Sherlock's forehead to his own.
"Not at all, every author does tours, it helps drum up interest in the book. Granted when you're first starting out, you'll only have small crowds." Sherlock tilted his head to the side, "If you can call two to seven people a crowd."
"You never cease to amaze me, Sherlock," John said around another bite. "You just keep coming up with more and more talents for me to be in awe of."
Sherlock stuck out his lip and cocked his head. "Well."
Well, let's talk about your book, "The Spring of the Gryphon".
John pressed the call button for the nurse and Amy arrived with the release papers and a wheelchair for Sherlock.
"God only knows why," Victor grumped.
Mike scoffed. "I'm fine, that was your new beloved's older brother, Mycroft Holmes. The Ice Man of Baker Academy."
"Fair enough," Greg said, raising his hands in defense, "your car, your rules."
"I thought paintball was played with guns," Greg said.
Sherlock sighed with relief.
"Coffee's done, love," Mike said when she came to kiss him on the cheek good morning.
It had been two weeks since he had last seen or spoken to John, and he was cursing himself for
"I know."
Jag."
The car pulled up to the house. John rolled down his window and stuck his head out a bit to get a better view. It was a large house and even words like mansion or castle failed to match its enormity. Built in the late Victorian style of the turn of the 20th century, it was extremely impressive indeed.
"Top drawer on the left side of the vanity," Sherlock mumbled from underneath the blanket.
Sherlock frowned as Wiggins frantically explained what was going on.
"I hope you don't really mean that, Gregory..." Mycroft said softly.
"That's
Sherlock laughed and left him to it.
"Did Seb really get thrown out of the Opera House?" John asked.
He closed the book and held it to his chest. "This means a lot to me." He looked down at his shoes. "Did you–I mean, have you seen my book's acknowledgment?"
Sherlock jerked his head up as semen hit his chin. John was mortified for about two seconds before giggles welled up in his throat, threatening to bubble over. When Sherlock cracked a smile, John gave into the laughter, his love following suit.
Bill's eyes roved over the all of them before settling on Greg. He looked him up and down before saying, "This lot is most certainly dancers, but you, you I can't get a read on."
Once they got to the veranda, John was in awe of the spread before him. There were fruits and meats and cheeses and every good thing imaginable. And that was just the food, the drinks included several nice vintages of wine, good rum, whiskey and other spirits. But there were also water and juices for those that didn't drink.
Sherlock nodded tightly. "I just hope the thousand will be enough to stave them off until I get the card issued."
Greg shook his head. "Not to me they haven't." He jerked his head down the hallway, "Mycroft is speaking with them now." John followed Greg's eyes to see the politician talking to an older female doctor. But not one he was familiar with. She must have been fairly new then.
He supposed he should feel grateful that the army sprang for one with an attached bathroom instead of the communal one like he had back during his uni days. He sighed and opened the door.
The maitre d' looked over her list again. "Oh, here it is. I erased it because you weren't here at 7, so I gave it away."
His answer was the worst in John's opinion.
John opened his mouth to argue it further when he realized. "Oh. Oh, fuck. I mean– well shit. I meant to say something when I– oh fuck. I assumed you knew." John buried his head in his hands.
Sherlock took a long sip of his club soda, clutching the glass tightly as he tried to stop his whirling thoughts from spinning wildly out of control. His glass was taken away from him and another with a deep amber liquid inside pressed into his hand.
Sherlock gritted his teeth as he watched Mycroft's face for tells, but his brother's face was a mask.
He looked at the paper. It was really nice paper. Like the kind that one would write invitations or Christmas cards on. The pen was no slouch either. Not that Sherlock would have anything less in the flat. His life revolved around needing a pen to jot down whatever thought crossed that brilliant mind of his, and having a pen not work the first time ended up with the thing in the fire.
"And I owe it all to John Watson. If he hadn't picked up 'Griffin's Steps' that stormy day in Sussex, it would be him up here giving this speech and not me." He glared at John. "I'm still not sure he did a good thing, but his love for it reminded me of my love for the story. Because I do love it. I don't love the hate it got, but I do love it."
Sherlock nodded and let them exit in front of him. He took a deep breath and then followed them out.
They sat down at the table, chatting about their year and how chaotic it had been.
Sherlock ran his fingers through his hair. "I'll be all right," Sherlock said. "It will only be for a couple of weeks and then I'll be back before you know it."
John laughed. "Fair enough."
"Yeah, it came much faster than anyone could have predicted," Mary said, looking behind her into the storm.
"We were both taught dance, singing, an instrument; violin for me, cello for Mycroft. Uh...fencing, figure drawing, horseback riding, um...I took up boxing a bit in high school."
Mike walked up to the table that Bertie was sitting at with all his friends.
"And yet, here you are," Sherlock said with a wink.
So instead of going home like he had so desperately wanted, he had gotten off the Tube and taken a cab to St. Mary's. At least someone had the forethought not to send him to Bart's. He dashed into the A&E to find a harried-looking Greg waiting for him.
John twisted to face Sherlock, slotting them together, chest to chest. Sherlock's arms wrapped around the doctor to keep him from tumbling to the floor. "I know you do. You've told me time and time again, if I only had listened."
John's attempts to speak to Mrs Hudson would only earn him a pat on the arm and the insistence that Sherlock Darling meant well.
John thought.
He raised his hand and hailed a cab. Yes, today was a good day, and it was only going to get better.
"Yep," the customer replied, popping the "P".
The beer bottle fell to the floor with a clatter and a splash as John ran back through the dining room and into the sitting room where Sherlock stood, flowers hanging by his side and the most awful hangdog expression John had ever seen.
Mrs Hudson swatted at him and shushed him.
"I didn't know you kept a copy of my book in the library," Sherlock hedged.
Greg sat in a small classroom used for detention, twiddling his thumbs and wishing he had homework to do or at least remembered to bring a book with him.
Mike hit John's arm.
"John, don't do this," she pleaded again.
"Yes, thank goodness," James agreed.
Sherlock frowned. "What else would I include, Mycroft?"
Mike thumped him on the shoulder, his good one. "I'm sorry to hear that, mate. Anywhere else you can go, Harry maybe?"
"Do all of you make the dresses?" Anthea asked, after pausing to look at an emerald brocade gown.
"It's all right, Barbara, honest," John soothed. "But we could hear the other patrons question why we had the attention of the chef."
"I know, but there are times that I wonder if it's that she wants to control me, rather than any real desire to see me happy," Sherlock admitted.
There was a yoo-hoo from the other side of the door, and John called out to enter.
But here it is. The story is complete and all it will take is time to type up a chapter. And while I can write at work, I can't type at work. I tried. I thought that I could email it to myself, but alas, my work email is intranet only and was not meant to be. So sorry.
Greg had gone straight from Baker Street to the Diogenes. After he had explained why Sherlock wouldn't- couldn't help him, Mycroft was on his feet and pulling on his coat, ordering Greg to tell him everything on the way over.
He had actually offered to take Sherlock out first. Considering that it was the lanky detective that had put Mycroft in his path, but Sherlock had turned him down. He didn't do well in places like that. He had suffered through for John's stag do, but no. It was not something he enjoyed.
"You absolutely gorgeous thing," John whispered as he lay Sherlock on the bed. Sherlock looked up, his hair in disarray on the pillow, his cheeks flushed from the bath and the pleasure of what was about to happen next, his eyelids drooping suggestively. John crawled up on to the bed and caged his lover in with his arms and legs.
Greg huffed, "After being a jerk to you, I kinda needed to go big or go home."
John nodded.
"You got me a present, too?" John asked, in shock. "You didn't have to do that, you being here is gift enough."
"I've never been enough for...anything or anyone." Sherlock's shoulders slumped. "I didn't tell the whole truth when I said I learned
That's when it hit her and her eyes went wide.
"I just described how I felt when I kissed the boy who went on to become my first and well...if I'm honest, last boyfriend," Sherlock said with a sad smile.
"I'm not qualified for that, dear," she murmured.
John frowned in confusion. What was that about? He shook his head. He had other things to do besides worry about someone who hated him. Like call his boss and explain why he wasn't going to be at work.
"If you keep that up, this is going to be over
Sherlock sat down and gripped the edge of the bench with both hands. "I just wanted to say sorry."
"Well, that was certainly dramatic," Greg said dryly.
"So, he was charging the BBC for everything he was doing?"
Sherlock chuckled. "Mycroft would probably like his book back, so why I don't I find you another copy and sign it for you."
As the rich sounds of the cello filled the air, Sherlock whispered to John, "It feels different, dancing with you tonight."
Then there was this look that Sherlock kept catching when the doctor didn't realize Sherlock was paying attention. Sometimes it was fond, other times it was this expression that Sherlock didn't have a basis for. He would like to say that it was warm, but it transcended warm. But it wasn't hungry or heated, just... John.
said hi to her in the halls, even after Mycroft and Greg got together. She wouldn't have minded it if he asked her to prom, but she wasn't sure what year he was in. She thought he might be in sixth form, but he also seemed older, too. She scoffed, not like it mattered, Mike wasn't the one asking her out.
An awkward silence descended.
"We have to dance for two hours straight with no time outs and no backup string if we get injured. I have seen dancers perform on broken bones, sprained ankles, and even pulled tendons. All while looking as graceful and beautiful as possible. The pain mustn't show on our faces. Our female principals who do pointe can break bones in their toes, ankles, and calves if they don't build up their muscles properly. I'm one of a few male dancers who can do pointe. It is painful and beautiful."
John sneezed fitfully and nodded. "I know," he rasped, "but I don't have any more paid leave, and I can't afford to miss another day."
"Well excuse me, I didn't know I was speaking with some hotshot publicist," John sneered. "I think the scene is important and I don't care what you say."
It all came to a head one night after a case. They had chased the robber through a couple of blind alleys and when the Met had caught up to them, John and Sherlock were chatting over the bound criminal.
"Leave me alone," Mycroft growled, and pushed Greg out of the way.
"And there is nothing more important in this world than an ordinary man," Sherlock explained. "And you love me, which is marvelous."
Sherlock had been on edge all night. He knew that John would keep his promise of staying close by him all night. But as the night wore on Sherlock couldn't help but think that if Mary were here, John wouldn't be as obliging.
She just shook her head and said nothing the rest of the trip. The car rolled to a near-silent standstill and she indicated that this was his stop. He got out and looked around. He was in a nice neighborhood, stately without being pretentious. That's when he realized that he was looking up at Mycroft's home.
John chuckled. He fished his phone out of his pocket and tossed it to Mike. The other boy caught it deftly and laughed outright.
"Lucky her," John murmured. They continued to play, but Sherlock beat him yet again.
"Not yet."
He turned on his heel and strolled away, leaving an angry Sherlock and a bitter and confused John in his wake.
Sherlock was finishing his eyeliner when there was knock on the door.
Mrs Holmes started laughing and kept laughing as she slammed the door in his face.
So what do you say to all the haters now?
Sherlock?”
They finally reach the Side Shows and arcade, with a shooting gallery and tin cans, as well as the obligatory small child attraction of Hook a Duck, tempting the little ones with soft plushies in garish colours.
Was this their life? His life? Was this what it was supposed to be like? Was this...
John tugs lightly on his wrists but the small movement reverberates through Sherlock’s body, like a wave rocking sea kelp, and Sherlock falls forward, resting his cheek on John’s thigh.
“I hit him, Harry. I hit him hard. I don’t know where it came from, all this rage. It was like that time when you told Mum that uncle Joe had tried to- And Mum made us swear to never tell Dad, because he’d have beaten his own brother to death. That kind of rage, which we all knew he had within him. I subjected Sherlock to that kind of rage. Without justifiable reason.”
"No, it's all right."  John grabs the bag, and turns.  As he's standing, the train passes a stretch of allotments.  For a few seconds John spots an elderly couple raking their lot, before the train has rushed past.  It makes John think.  "Is it possible someone set fire to the shed by mistake?  Is it burning season in the gardening world yet?"
John steps closer, hesitating.  Sherlock unwinds his scarf, lets it hang loosely over his shoulders.  Waiting, holding his breath.
John is quite sheepish once he's introduced to the proprietor.  Majida is lovely--and very easy on the eyes.  She's dressed in a pristine shirt, jacket, and well pressed trousers.  He gets the feeling she might share a tailor with Sherlock.  It makes his own barely decent clothing stand out.
“No,” he sighs.
"Oh."  That's the only word that slips out from Sherlock's lips.  John breathes out, feeling tension fall away, relieved.  Sherlock seems stunned.  After a moment of processing he collects himself.  "We've found our amateur arsonist.  Good evening, Miss Badu," Sherlock greets her.  "Care to explain why you seem intent on burning things?"
“Because-”
"Such as?"
“Oh, you’re one to talk. You look like a mad professor.”
”If you want to see this as an eye for an eye, or a tooth for a tooth situation, which is ludicrous by the way, then let’s call what you did
"Miss Badu was quite forward, though slightly annoyed about the late hour, when I first started to talk to her."
"It's so strong it can penetrate brick walls, solid masonry foundations and even flood defences.
The manager follows them to the entrance, where a crooked yucca plant is barely withstanding the prevailing coastal winds.  She excuses herself as a young male innkeeper greets them at the desk.  He has enough similar features to be her son.  Sherlock suspects he might be responsible for the existence of the Ibiza Suite.  It wouldn't surprise him if some of
Lestrade looks refreshed when they meet him in the garden.  "I hope some de-stressing has done you both good."  He smiles, then notices the matching salt stains on their trouser legs and muddy shoes, but doesn't comment.  Still, Sherlock glares at John.  Of course he can deduce that John had texted Lestrade about Sherlock needing time off.  Not some crap about the case being too boring, or whatever excuse Sherlock might have given.
It is a fairly new parameter to Sherlock's constantly revised decision to help keep up the appearance that he and John are nothing more than mates.  That's why he will soon pretend that John wasn't sleeping with his cheek resting on Sherlock's shoulder, when he eventually wakes up.
“Please.” He tugs again, firmly, and Sherlock’s legs untangle and he slides off the desk with a huff, slightly imbalanced. John tugs again, getting Sherlock away from the desk. He’s bloody stunning, as always, and in this incredible moment, possibly slightly less unattainable.
It's time.
"I hope you at least could appreciate the luxurious mattress.  We upgraded it just before the start of the season."
“Yep. She’s got at least two of them down in Sussex. Also, we’ll need time for building work. There needs to be some duckboard or similar to safely get around on the roof.”
He’d had to set a routine, to keep himself sane and both of them fed, cleaned and dressed in clean clothes. It was a mission, keeping up his side of things while being updated by Sherlock on Mary’s movements.
"That's none of your business."
"So not a hanging, then."
A fondness comes over him and he cannot help himself. The ache within his chest to be close to this extraordinary man becomes too much. John steps closer to the desk and reaches out his hand towards Sherlock’s animated face.
"When I was 'dead', I spent some time in Serbia," he begins, and tells John succinctly but straightforwardly what had happened there, and how the thoughts of returning to John had kept him sane during his captivity.
"How can you be sure without an analysis?" John asks.
