“Pete, we talked about this,” Steve tries to reason once again, probably in vain. “You got two chapters of Harry Potter today, that’s one whole chapter more than we’d agreed on.”
“SHIELD’s not a big fan of Cap,” Sam nodded in agreement, also having abandoned his pizza in favour of alternatively shooting concerned glances at Bucky and Steve. “The whole man-hunt situation two years apart is kind of telling on its own, in my opinion.”
Pepper places her hand over his, weaving their fingers together in a gesture of comfort. “I know you will.”
Steve stands in front of the pantry, staring at the five bottles of Nutella he has somehow acquired, and the two more in his hands.
“I’m sorry to hear that, Peter,” Dr. Fieldstone continues, her voice laced with sympathy. “So you’re worried about him?”
“JARVIS, what the hell is this?”
“Um, yeah sure, if you still want to,” he replies, taking out his phone and typing something in quickly, ducking his head to take a sip of his steaming coffee. “It starts in fifteen. I’ll meet you up on the roof?”
“We have Hawkeye and the Wasp heading to the scene for backup, but I think you’re going to want to be the one to take these guys out,” Widow explains, her mouth setting in a grim line. “It seems to be an anti-super group. Probably figured it’d be too much trouble trying to abduct an actual superhero, so they took the next best thing.”
Steve’s attention is promptly redirected when Tony shifts again -- right into Steve’s lap. He rubs his cold nose against Steve’s collarbone and arches his back, his joints popping in response to being coiled up for so long.
“That omelette is done, alright!” Clint snickered into his bacon. “Stark, you fried the shit out of that egg.”
Day 168, Steve didn’t come into the bedroom to work on the puzzle.
When Peter is finally alone with MJ, she brings out her deck of cards with 3-D pictures of spiders on the back that Peter really loves. They decide on “Go Fish” and while MJ is dealing out their cards, Peter fidgets with the folded piece of paper in the pocket of his sweater - the letter from Tony.
He got up a little too abruptly, swaying in place as the blood rushed from his head. Steve rushed to help with a steady hand to his elbow. Tony smiled at him in thanks, an easy gesture that he didn’t even have to think about. He didn’t realize what it might’ve looked like to the team until he caught the look Natasha and Sam shared - worried and more than a little confused.
Bruce reaches out to enter his code into the holographic number pad that appears in front of the door’s handle. The keys emit a soft  aesthetically pleasing beep with every touch. He enters the last number, and waits for the tell-tale click, signalling that the door is unlocked.
There had been the question of whether the information given to them was accurate or if there was more that SHIELD wasn’t giving them, but Tony had quickly put those worries to rest by hacking into SHIELD’s most classified servers. The data that they’d been given was everything SHIELD had complied and received from the two teams that had been sent to investigate the source of the anomalies.
“Let’s get you two home. We’ll explain on the way,” Sam said, reaching forward to clasp Steve’s shoulder. Steve stood stock still for a moment too long before he followed, his hand locked onto Tony’s elbow pulling him along.
“Alright, can we lay off my omelette, please? It’s not even terrible.” Tony interrupted, wincing when he merely succeeded in having several extremely dubious expressions swivelling his way. He slowly cut off a piece of it and placed it delicately into his mouth, his face completely blank as he swallowed.
“Be good, Pete. I’m so sorry about this, you know I am, but I swear I’ll be back tonight for dinner.” Dad promises as he shuffles Peter into his new friend, MJ’s house. His card thing had started beeping at him again and his father had gotten a call from someone super secret and super important soon after. And now, Peter was being shipped off to MJ’s house until his dad finished with work, which he wasn’t entirely unhappy about. Maybe he could tell her about the letter from Tony.
The faint sound of music that he’d heard when he’d first left the main house began to get louder and louder as he started up a small stone path off to the side, farther away from the main house but somewhat close to the large cabin he was staying at with his parents for the three weeks they were to be at the Stone House. There was a large house there, up over a small hill and far enough away that he couldn’t really make it out from where he was. Through the branches that were in the way, Tony could make out a tune that was vaguely familiar and windows that were flashing red.
After that failure of a night at the charity gala two months ago, it had taken a few weeks for Tony to approach Steve, who had taken to giving him the space he had requested while dripping sadness wherever he went. They’d had a chat, Tony had officially forgiven him, Steve had forgiven Tony, and they had also talked about what that meant for their relationship, coming to the conclusion that it was probably for the best if things remained as they were. Tony wouldn’t say they were friends now, but that conversation had given him a lot of the closure that he’d been craving, and he hoped it had given that to Steve as well. The ache grew less prominent with every passing day, and Tony fell a little more out of love with it.
He was also in line at Randy’s Donuts.
Tony kept working, despite knowing that nothing would come of it. He suspected that Steve also knew that, but he humoured Tony anyway, either because he knew that Tony would literally go insane if he did nothing or because he still hoped that Tony would figure it out somehow. He’d gotten out of a cave in the middle of the Afghan desert with only a box of scraps after all. Unfortunately, Tony knew better than anyone else that a bunch of terrorists with boxes of his own tech was definitely not the same as an extraterrestrial anomaly that had shoved them into this time trap seemingly without any intent to harm them physically.
“I think I can help him if I can talk to him directly, Peter. I’m sure he wouldn’t be angry at you if he knew how concerned you were,” Dr. Fieldstone suggests, clearly attempting to prolonging the episode so they can milk the most out of this for the show.
Everything else faded away until it was just him and all the thoughts in his mind that never quite managed to cease in their intensity. Even when he was doing other, not tech or strings of equations related things. He vaguely registered the sounds of his bots doing their own thing and living their life, sometimes peering over his shoulder curiously when a particularly alarming crash sounded, but most times the sound of them rolling around beeping at each other fading into comforting background noise. JARVIS would murmur his input when Tony asked and sometimes when Tony didn’t ask. It was bliss. Tony never wanted it to stop.
They sat there until Steve’s blinks became very slow and Tony had to shake him awake. “C’mon, Cap. Let’s go to bed,” he said softly, taking Steve’s hand and leading him in the direction of Tony’s room.
“Good times,” Bucky added with that familiar gleam in his eyes, snickering as he reached into the box for another slice. “You should’ve seen the look on his face, Stevie. Fucking entitled pile of dicks.”
His vision goes a little blurry and he’s all choked up when the front door opens and Steve walks inside.
“Alright, that’s enough. This is making me sad, man,” Sam ripped the blanket off of Steve, leaving him cold and pouting up at him. “Oh wow, look at that. Is Captain America gonna throw a tantrum?”
Tony also knew that the plan was less for Steve’s own personal wellbeing and more to reassure him about the wellbeing of the people he cared about, every single one of whom would be on this mission. It was one of those things that Tony was initially messed up about when they’d first started dating and Steve would walk into a mission with a singular goal in mind and everything else made up on a whim. When he was partnered with Tony, he would always have a plan of action going in, but he would never be overbearing on the field, which was something that Tony had always appreciated and tried his best to reciprocate on.
Home, huh? What a concept.
Steve shot yet another weak glare at him, reaching down to scratch between Dodger’s perked up ears and sneak him an appreciatory pepperoni. “It’s been great. Turns out, moping at home is not nearly as fun as moping when you’re on the run from the government,” he said dryly, straightening back up for more pizza.
However, there were a few recorded logs that had miraculously made it back to SHIELD before the first crew had lost complete contact with them. It was apparent by watching them that the team had decided to split up at one point, with four of them remaining on-site to investigate the anomalies where the original coordinates had led them, and two of them having gone into the town to check if the reports that there hadn’t been any human activity from within the town for at least a week were true. The recordings followed the same odd pattern of events that they’d seen in the video clips that they'd been shown in the meeting.
Tony dropped his fork onto the plate with a loud clatter, sitting back in his chair and glaring at Nat. Steve remembered this story, vaguely recalling Tony having told it to him as the reason behind his indefinite ban from using a stove, helpfully instated by JARVIS.
Peter sits on the bed even though his dad had told him not to repeatedly, because they hadn’t gotten around to unpacking the mattress yet and so the bed was just a metal frame right now. Peter doesn’t think he minds very much. The only thing is all the hard places are poking up into his bum which doesn’t feel very nice, but if he complains about it now, his dad will probably turn around from the boxes he’s crouched in front of just to say “I told you so,” and Peter doesn’t want another half-hearted lecture.
By some miracle upon miracle, Tony endured an evening of being shoved into a trick box by a red-faced “magician” who sawed him in “half” to the gasps and thrilled applause of the people gathered for games. He managed to smile weakly when Mr. Stone showed up again to tell him how much of a “good sport” he was, and just barely escaped his father’s call for him to join the game of poker that Howard and some of his friends were starting.
Whatever this was, if their collective dramatics was being required, it wasn’t going to be a cakewalk. Naturally, Tony’s mind had immediately glommed onto the worst-case scenario: an extraterrestrial threat, and one they weren’t prepared to be able to handle this time around. Logically, he knew that if that was the case, then at the very least, Thor probably would’ve gotten a raven or something and Tony’s own complex intergalactic monitoring system would have caught on to it if the threat level was that high. Since neither of those things had happened, it was unlikely that he’d have to keep an eye on the sky for a potential spaceship landing in Times Square.
Steve sighs into the phone and Tony winces in his car, almost feeling the other man’s discomfort from the other side of the country.
Tony ran a trembling hand through his hair, his eyes going wild as he came to the only conclusion that presented itself. He turned to Steve, who looked as frazzled as he was as they both stood there barely noticing the cool air that was emanating from the open refrigerator in waves.
Steve lifted his head up from the arm of the couch he had staked out as his Spot. The soft blanket he had draped over his shoulders slipped off as he sat up with a frown.
“It was a lot more familiar to us when we dug a little deeper,” Bruce continued, his troubled eyes behind his glasses turning to Steve and Thor almost apologetically. “The only time we’ve seen an energy source like this was- well, with the Tesseract.”
He smelled the bacon before the pancakes.
Tony may have been desperate but he definitely wasn’t dumb. He knew his car wasn’t going to arrive in time to aid him in his frantic departure. So when he heard the footsteps behind him, he didn’t bother turning around. And yet, he continued to longingly search for his very late car, even as he felt Steve approach him from behind.
Steve finds himself grinning wide despite the urgent nature of the situation, looking up to catch Iron Man waggle is metal fingers in a silly wave.
Natasha stops mid-rummage, and glares at him. Clint swears there might’ve been a growling situation as well, but he swallows hard and keeps his mouth shut. He’s dealt with much more extreme rage from Natasha, and he is fairly sure she wouldn’t do anything to him after two in the morning. Or maybe the fact that it’s two AM makes it more likely for murder to take place.
Peter makes a face at the suggestion, clutching the letter to his chest. “Yuck, no, Dad! But we should go. What if Tony is the one,” he breathes, excited at the mere possibility.
“I don’t know if I’m ready, Buck,” Steve admits quietly, staring down at his hands and feeling a little lost. He turns when he feels his friend’s large hand on his shoulder in support.
“She said he was talking about going to New York. Something about the Empire State building?”
He’d failed them all. Steve. The team. The SHIELD agents who’d gone missing before them. He was a fucking failure.
Peter thinks about this. “I can’t go alone, MJ. How am I supposed to get there?”
“Take this. SHIELD escort will take you to where Stark’s Identicard has been tracked. I’ll be instructing you through the comm, so you better not lose it, Captain.” She tells him, handing him a small, flesh-coloured device Steve would have to stick in his ear to keep contact with HQ.
Steve read to him sometimes, Tony curled up at one end of the couch and Steve tucked into the opposite corner. Their socked feet would meet and tangle in the middle underneath the blanket and Tony would leech onto the warmth that Steve’s body and voice provided.
Steve and Tony were going to check out the forest and surrounding area to see if they could recover members of either of the two SHIELD teams that they’d lost contact with and see if there were any samples they could recover that would point them to the source of the anomalies that SHIELD had registered. Bruce was going to remain at the jet and conduct sweeps with their radar to see if they could get a hold of any tech that still might be out there, human or otherwise. They’d decided on a signal for if the Hulk was ever going to be required, but Steve was sincerely hoping that it wouldn’t come to that. Clint was to stay with Bruce for back-up since he was technically still retired according to the SHIELD roster.
“Cut the chatter, Avengers,” Steve cuts in with one hand to his comm. The bots have stopped emerging from the portal, but the ones in the city are far from defeated. They’ve collectively taken out perhaps a fifth of the horde that had entered the city earlier that night. “Anyone got a read on Thor? We’ve got to shut this thing down and now would be great.”
“And I’m telling you that I did,” Natasha replies with her I-refuse-to-deal-with-your-bullshit voice, and hey, that’s not fair--
“Look, Doctor….”
Sleep came to them both that night without the extensive hours long fanfare that Tony usually fell victim to.
Steve settles next to him on the debris covered ground, fiddling with his leather gloves. “Do we really know anybody?”
Tony takes a deep breath, dropping his head to his hands and squeezing his eyes shut. He can’t be thinking about a widower, a single father, who’s probably been bombarded with mail and calls from rabid women in the past few weeks. He’s losing his mind. He closes his eyes and hears Steve’s voice again like he’s sitting right next to him.
Bucky turned to give him a worried glance, and Tony desperately hoped he could at least get to look inside before he was kicked out. “Your parents would kill me.” Tony scoffed at that; there was very little that he could do with his parents’ approval so that didn’t really phase him.
The whiteness of the snow was so immensely bright that Steve had to squint until his eyes began to adjust to the piercing light that was almost painful to look at. In the distance, the dense thicket of coniferous trees that they’d seen in the SHIELD agents’ video recordings could be seen, starting off sparse and growing nearly impenetrable farther within.
He’s just licking off the crumbs stuck to his fingers and making a very minimal effort to look around for a napkin to wipe his hands off instead of his Armani pants, when a very harried Pepper Potts struts into his office. She’s carrying a stack of files, Tony notices with mild alarm, and her heels are at the very least six inches tall, he bets. Worst of all, she looks like she’s five seconds away from straight up murdering him. Or the next unfortunate soul she sets her eyes on. Which would happen to be Tony.
Climbing out of bed, he grabs a robe hanging off the back of a chair and slips it around himself. Tony heads out of his bedroom, deciding that since he was already up, he might as well get some work done. He makes himself some coffee and while he waits for the machine to finish brewing his drink, Tony casts a wary glance around his bleak penthouse. It’s perfectly spotless with curtainless windows with a view of the beautiful Manhattan skyline. The untouched cushions are arranged on his sofa in an aesthetically pleasing manner, with their orange and blue asymmetrical triangle patterns daring anyone to sit on them. Framed artwork covers every inch of the walls, all purchased by Pepper of course. Tony couldn’t name a single piece if he was held at gunpoint.
“It’s okay, Steve. Really. I’m not going anywhere, alright?” Tony sat back down, keeping his fingers buried in Steve’s hair, scratching lightly at his scalp. “God, this is weird.”
As Iron Man began to propel forward in earnest, the body of the armour flattening out to become streamlined, Steve twisted in Tony’s grasp so that he was being held parallel to the armour. Steve felt the little footholds slide out from the armour and slotted his boots into them. In this position, Steve’s view consisted of the wide backdrop of the grey sky featuring the hardened face of Iron Man. He kept his eyes fixed where his gloved hand grasped Tony's shoulder, painfully aware of the fact that Tony could see his every move up close.
It was nearly three in the morning and Tony found himself in the kitchen, staring at the stainless steel refrigerator with a sort of disappointment. It wasn’t their fridge.
Tony had known when he’d sat down at the kitchen island that first evening, claiming it for his makeshift workspace, that he wouldn’t be able to build their escape out of this hellhole. He’d tried anyway, because the thought of sitting idly while they waited for the team to find them — if they were even still alive — rankled.
“Why yes, Tony, they are new, thanks for noticing,” Pepper replies smoothly, her voice oozing with an exaggerated pleasantness that makes Tony want to run and hide. “No thanks to you, I’m not going to get to go home until all these are signed, which probably won’t happen for the next few hours,” she says, a muscle in her jaw jumping as she glares at him.
Sam shared another Look with Bucky that Steve once again failed to decipher. It was frustrating to watch them do the little dance with each other and them just-- absolutely not be aware whatsoever. Although, Steve was starting to think they were just humouring him at this point.
Steve wasn’t even looking for him and he had found him in mere minutes. Not that Tony was counting or anything. Steve’s face went through a series of emotions Tony can’t quite place (surprise, confusion, abject sadness) and he seemed to be fighting with himself over whether he should come over. Knowing Steve as well as he did, Tony didn’t doubt for a second that Steve wouldn’t come over.
Tony hadn’t had to think about what he’d meant in order to figure it out.
“We brought you some pizza,” Bucky said, placing four boxes onto the kitchen counter. “Figured you hadn’t eaten in God knows how long.”
Curious, Tony began to make his way up the hill that led away from their cabin, when he saw Bucky Barnes, the boy who’d helped them bring their luggage up when they had first driven into the resort in the morning.
As he took in the scene around them, Steve couldn’t help but gape a little bit. Bucky let out a low whistle next to him and he found himself agreeing wholeheartedly.
“Actually, Jason Mendoza here might have a point,” Tony said, flicking his holo-screen towards Steve and Thor. As he walked toward them, Steve noticed the way he was carefully avoiding eye contact with him.
MJ raises her eyebrows in surprise. “Tomorrow? That’s Valentine’s Day.”
“Sure, sweetheart. You’re feisty, aren’t you,” he asked, barrelling on before Tony can respond. “I like that. I like that a lot.”
reaction to seeing Steve, he frowned to himself as an errant thought out of the hundreds firing synapses inside his brain stuck around for more than the usual millisecond. It was strange that Steve, and by the looks of it, Natasha as well, had been invited this time. They had only gotten back from Wakanda four months ago, barely cleared for missions with the newly established SHIELD at this point. They weren’t exactly popular with the particular species of human that made up the gala crowd at the moment.
Beep. Beep. Beep. Beep.
“As you wish, sir.”
“Peter,” he mutters under his breath, heaving a deep sigh before accepting his hazelnut chocolate spread filled fate and somehow managing to shove the two new bottles of Nutella in with their kin. He turns to the three large brown paper bags on the kitchen counter, two filled to the brim with actual food and one dedicated to Peter’s various sugary cereals, snacks, and Lunchables.
It wouldn’t budge. Steve pulled as hard as he could, alarmed when not even the doorknob gave way from his strength. Tony stepped forward and lifted up his arm, the repulsor whining before blasting the door. Through the smoke that immediately unfurled from the strike, Steve could make out the door, standing perfectly solid and as untouched as it had been when they had entered the cabin.
This seems to catch her attention. MJ pauses in organizing her cards and leans forward in interest, her brows drawn to the centre of her forehead. “Is it a secret?” She asks, her voice lowered to a precarious whisper.
Iron Man was probably the one good thing that had come out of his life, and he had no intention of letting the world know that he was really the man behind the mask. It would most definitely taint the wholesome, heroic image of Iron Man that the public had come up with, and Tony found that being anonymous could actually be enjoyable sometimes. Other than having to install better internal climate control into the suit, because it could really get hot in there, Tony didn’t have much of a problem not being known as Iron Man and remaining tied to the Avengers publicly by being their benefactor.
“As far as I know, which isn’t much, this cabin is very real for the both of us,” Steve quipped, before frowning at the sudden flurry of crackling in his ear. Tony similarly brought a hand up to the comm link in his ear, moving into the larger room of the cabin with Steve on his heels.
“Everyday, doc. I don’t know, when I met her….when I touched her, it was like--”
A few more strikes from an always (usually) helpful Mjolnir later, he is satisfied enough with the damage done to the strange object, and decides to return to bed.
“Oh, you didn’t know? I use my senior discount at the movies. Buck says I’m taking advantage of the system, but what’s ten bucks gonna cost a giant corporation I couldn’t give less of a shit about?” Steve replied, wiggling his toes where they stuck out of the blanket along with most of his legs past his knees.
Tony grabs his drink and steps into the awaiting elevator, keying in his code that would allow him entrance into his workshop at the basement of the building. He lifts his mug up to his lips, swallowing the burning coffee even as it bruises his esophagus painfully as it goes down.
Tony crossed his arms over his chest and watched him. “Maybe something was in here, sure. But no surprises, Cap. Trust me, there’s nothing in here that J wouldn’t have caught.”
He had found himself desperately missing those missions where the six of them would be off doing their own thing, but amidst the harsh pants and the background sounds of battle would be an abundance of commentary thrown around between them, never failing to lift his spirits or give him that extra ounce of motivation to fling his shield at someone’s neck. But Steve would take curt and professional if it meant that he’d get to work with Tony again.
Steve rolls his eyes, but pulls out Tony’s blue mug with a faded image of his shield on the side before starting up the coffee machine. Steve waits for the coffee to finish brewing, leaning against the counter and listening to the quiet gurgles from the pot.
Bruce waved at the screen with his pen. “Tony and I traced the energy to this cabin, which wasn’t there before SHIELD started registering the anomalies.”
Day 22 was nice because that was when Steve had relented and allowed them access to all the food that was available to them after having painstakingly gone through every item on its own. That night, Steve left Tony to tinker at the kitchen island and cooked them dinner. Tony had stopped halfway through rewiring his helmet and watched with an ache in his heart as Steve carefully toasted the garlic bread, thawed and marinated the steak, and prepared the ingredients for a salad. He was humming a song that Tony had heard him sing to himself hundreds of times when he’d shower after coming home from his morning run and kissing Tony good morning or when he was sitting on the worn couch they’d dragged down to Tony’s workshop, sketching in the leather-bound sketchbook Tony had got him for his birthday.
He was most definitely not over Steve Rogers.
“What? You better not be tryin’ to cheat, Pete, ‘cause I can tell,” she tells him, giving him a stern look from over her cards.
“You know what the source is,” Steve said, because he knew that Tony would probably have a thousand ideas already about what they were dealing with if he hadn’t figured it out already. Judging by the way Tony glanced up at him with naked surprise, Steve had guessed correctly.
“It reminds me of when I lost my Ma,” Steve said, an errant muscle in his jaw jumping as he turned back to look at Tony. “I lost her for the first time when she passed and the second time when I forgot what she looked like. I got this family when I woke up in the future and— I can’t lose them too.”
He left Dodger with the intern (who was indeed named Jack) and made his way back up the private elevator that led to the Avengers’ common floor, where the others were probably just beginning to trickle in. To his surprise, Steve ended up walking into a scene straight out of the McCallister’s household just before leaving for their Christmas vacation (and consequently abandoning their youngest child).
“Go see your meteors, Tony. I’ll see you in bed.” Steve says, and walks back out into the common area to clean up after the mess they had left. He hears a faint whimper as he leaves the kitchen, and smirks in satisfaction to himself as he picks up the empty bowl of popcorn.
“Don’t do that, bud,” Steve pleads, brushing brown locks out of Peter’s face. “Remember when I said I got two jobs so that we can live here and eat lots of pizza and maybe, possibly, get a dog? Well, I’m going to have to go to one of those jobs if you still want all that, Pete.”
“You are finding me those reports, and we are sending them to Fury tonight, or so help me-” The rest of her words are cut off by a series of yelps from Clint as she hauls him out of the room.
A beat. “Captain, Stark has an Avengers Identicard on him.”
Steve’s first mission when he’d gotten back was with Natasha and Tony. They’d all known that Nat was only there for purposes of the babysitting variety. Steve had honestly been grateful that she was there, because the tension between himself and Tony had been more than palpable throughout. There hadn’t been any intel to secure, or any recon. It had been a simple retrieval mission. SHIELD officers had been compromised during a routine recon mission investigating a former SI weapons warehouse where there had been signs of alien tech reported, and it was their job to get them back safely and determine whether the reports had been legit.
Tony rolls his eyes. Why else would they all be listening to this crap show if not for that sole reason?
Tony rolled his eyes, pushing away from the table and walking over to the trash can. “Don’t worry, Steve. I won’t try to give your dog diarrhea.” He pushed the remains of his omelette into the garbage, grimacing at it. “Ugh, I hate throwing out food.”
When the elevator doors had slid shut, Natasha emerged from the darkness of her room, her features set in a frown from the persistent blare of the alarm.
Sam’s eyebrows rose, clearly dubiously, which Steve ignored. “Oh yeah, how’s that been working out for you?”
“You are a menace,” Tony told Dum-E, his wide grin betraying his true feelings towards the squirming bot completely. Dum-E withdrew from him as soon as he finished, rolling around Tony’s swivelly chair with absolutely no grace but with all of the excitement.
The kid scoffs. “Are you kidding? He thinks shows like this are super dumb. I can only get away with this because he isn’t home from work yet,” there’s a pause where it sounds like the kid left the phone and the host attempts to call him back. The kid picks up the phone again a minute later, fumbling with the device before he speaks again. “He just got back.”
Tony huffed out a laugh. “Yeah, because that worked out so well for us the last two times.”
Tony finds himself feeling entirely entranced by the man’s words, and is shaken when the doctor interrupts them with an announcement of wrapping up the show for the night.
“My first thought was that this can’t be as easy as solving a weird puzzle in the floor. Whoever, or whatever is keeping us here doesn’t seem to be interested in letting us out that quickly.”
When Tony had looked up at Steve halfway through their meal and caught his questioning gaze, he unfortunately became very certain of one fact despite the overall uncertainty of their rather unfortunate situation.
There’s a fairly intense light-saber battle taking place on screen that has Natasha groaning as she wakes up from her light doze, stretching her long limbs from where they had been curled up for hours. Her movements have everyone else also slowly coming to, blinking blearily as JARVIS slowly brightens the lights in the room.
“Meteor showers, big guy. They’re supposed to be the most visible in the next hour or so and I’ve been waiting to see it for months,” Tony says, his voice taking on that familiar note of excitement whenever he was talking about things that Steve only really cared about because they made Tony happy.
He froze, feeling sick to his stomach. Bile settled at the base of his throat as something tightened around his chest, constricting him like a boa preparing its next meal. His heart began to race, his palms grew clammy and his vision began to darken at the edges. Steve couldn’t breathe, he couldn’t breathe….he was driving the aircraft into the ice, nose-diving, all he could see was white, blinding, then it was cold, so cold it turned the air in his lungs to ice—
And even though they were nearing the 100 day mark, Tony was feeling hopeful. He often caught Steve looking at him when he thought Tony wasn’t paying attention, and he noticed that Steve had taken to sketching again. Some days, Tony could close his eyes and listen to the soft scritching of Steve’s pencil against his legal pad and Buster whirring as he wheeled to and forth on the bedroom floor, and pretend he was back home. It was a fleeting fantasy, one that just made him feel even more depleted than before he’d conjured it, but he couldn’t help himself from desperately clinging to the familiarness that had bred from the disaster.
The closing of the portal itself is fairly anticlimactic in comparison with the rest of the battle. Loki raises some sort of scepter and begins to chant and the edges of the glowing portal start to shrink. The mass of Doombots start to power down and collapse to the debris-covered ground, and Steve seriously feels bad for the people who would be in charge of cleaning up their mess.
“Doesn’t that make it all the more terrifying?” Steve asked, his fingers gripping the book in his grasp so tightly that Tony was afraid he’d rip it apart without even trying.
“Lights,” he calls out, and the room brightens up instantaneously. Thor crouches down, squinting at the now very broken object.
“Turn it off, J. I want silence.”
“Yes, Jane. Anyway, that’s one of them, but there’s more. If there’s lots of energy that’s kind of floating around there, it could be another infinity stone, you know,” Thor finished, looking at each of them expectantly.
Apparently, Natasha is not having any more of this bullshit tonight, because she storms up to Clint her kitten adorned silk pajamas that strangely make her look more frightening. Tonys hisses (quietly) in sympathy as she grabs Clint by the elbow, and drags him up off the couch.
“Boys!”
“What the fuck,” he said, meeting Steve’s eyes as whoever was at the front door pushed their way inside.
“Shit, yeah! I’d forgotten about that,” Tony exclaimed, pushing his stool back and hopping off so he could go over and take a closer look at the pile of DVD cases scattered all over the rug in front of the fireplace. “You told me that if I didn’t get my ass to bed you wouldn’t hesitate to leave me on Earth when we end up leaving.”
Tony shrugged, looking away. “No sign of it. I was thinking it might’ve been buried where the jet is, but the Quinjet and the suit’s scans suggest that it’s not. Bruce thinks someone used it here and then left.”
Tony lands on top of the observation deck of the Empire State Building not stepping out of his armour, but giving it a cursory glance before powering up his repulsors to set off once again.
“Who’s that?” Tony found himself asking, his eyes glued to the way the man drew the woman into his chest with a simple spin, before pushing her out, arms tucked in close to her body and red skirt flaring out like an eruption of fleeting flames arching into the sky.
“I went through the encrypted files on his computer like you told me to,” Pepper says, and when she finally looks at him, her gaze has softened with sympathy that Tony hates on sight. “I found invoices dated just after your press announcement to shut down weapons manufacturing at Stark Industries. They’re legitimate, Tony.”
That was ages ago. Peter remembers staying with his Uncle for a long time, and he hadn’t seen his mom after all that time in the hospital, because his dad had told him she wasn’t going to be coming back with them. When Peter had asked if it was because he hadn’t eaten his peas for dinner the night before, his dad had started to cry. That was most definitely the worst thing Peter has ever seen, and it had made him cry as well.
“Well, we’re alive aren’t we?”
“Yeah?” The boys says, turning to look at Tony properly. He’s very small and his eyes are very blue.
“Sounds like you had quite the day,” he said, humming to himself while turning to give Dum-E a quick once-over, wincing at the creaks that Dum-E’s joints made with every errant spin. “Looks like we’re gonna have to grease you up a little today. You like the sound of that?” He laughed as Dum-E chirped excitedly and wheeled around himself in a misshapen circle.
The ground vibrates under their feet as the Hulk approaches with Hawkeye standing with alarming balance upon his shoulders. He bends down to let Hawkeye off before immediately straightening himself to grab a flying bot out of the air. They watch the Hulk make a fist around it, pieces of metal and loose wiring being squished out the sides of his hand.
“Yeah, Tony, I think that was kind of implied,” Bruce interrupts over his shoulder, probably picking up his pace to the elevator.
Steve chuckled at the memory, looking up from the case with one of those half smiles that Tony had nearly decided to science because they would consistently make his stomach swoop up into his chest in a way that was very much not a normal bodily sensation. This time was no different.
Steve turned his head so that he was facing Tony while still slumped over the table. “Try finding out that your future self used a fucking Infinity Stone to get you back with your ex to save his life by trapping you both in a time-warping illusion.”
I bet you get a lot of these. This is probably guaranteed a one-way ticket to your trash can, but maybe I’m doing this more for my benefit than yours. Look, I’m not the type to be listening to late-night radio shows, especially not ones run by Dr. Crackpot. I think I’ve started to lose my mind, ever since I heard you and your son. I want to meet you on top of the Empire State Building on Valentine’s Day. Which is in two days, my AI tells me…..
“I don’t know how to describe it. It wasn’t exactly one thing, it was more of a….feeling. And I knew right then, that she was the one for me.”
Tony couldn’t say he didn’t enjoy Steve’s breakfasts, especially when he got to eat them in bed while Steve eventually started sitting next to him, his back against the headboard and his nose buried in a book. They still didn’t talk much, but the awkwardness that had lingered even after their talk a few months earlier had seemed to dissipate, a development that relieved Tony immensely.
“Want to know what I heard from Karen in Accounting and Jonah in Marketing when I was in the break room?” She asks with her mouth full of sandwich, daintily brushing off the crumbs that fall onto her skirt.
“Well, maybe they’re waiting for us in there,” Steve suggested dryly, nodding at the bright red door that was almost taunting them with its faux, homey appearance. He fell into a familiar defensive stance, shield pointed out toward the door. He heard the whirring of the Iron Man armour behind him, the metal plates shifting apart to presumably let Tony back inside.
“Thor, you may be onto something,” Tony said, his eyes transfixed to the additional screens that had floated up around him when Steve hadn’t been paying attention. “This source is clearly not from Earth. And if you’ve encountered two of these—infinity stones or whatever, then there could be more. We don’t know much, but this seems like our best bet.”
Three days later, Steve had discovered the combination lock on steroids underneath the nightstand.
“I will fight you if you try to have sex with me,” Steve mumbles, his words slurred sleepily.
“Always.”
“JARVIS, autopilot,” Tony mutters, watching the HUD of the suit flashing once before the suit remains airborne without him controlling it. “I’m too fucked up for this right now.”
It’s a few minutes before the Hulk sits down heavily wearing a truly magnificent pout, the green slowly fading out as Bruce returns to them. Natasha hurries over with a blanket that she had procured out of nowhere, wrapping it around his bare shoulders.
Steve sits down at the cockpit, far enough away from Stark, but not so far that he was completely out of Steve’s sight either. As they prepare to take off, Steve finds his thoughts gravitating back to Tony Stark. What starts off as a genuine curiosity at how he managed to not only escape his captors but also leave them rendered useless, soon turns into an in depth analysation of their earlier exchange.
“Hey! My omelette is great. It’s just….a work in progress,” Tony defended even as he flushed at the scrutiny he and his omelette were currently receiving. Steve coughed to hide his laugh, but judging from the betrayed glare Tony sent him, he wasn’t being as discrete as he’d thought.
Steve wraps his arms around him and brushes his lips against Tony’s temple. “How could I forget?”
Peter pouts up at him, but nods anyway, slinking between his father’s legs to grab a bite at the cookie dough instead. He realizes he’s going to have to come up with a stronger argument if he’s going to actually convince his dad to meet Tony on top of the Empire State building tomorrow.
The comm line falls silent except for the sound of metal clanging as the Avengers work together to neutralize the threat. Widow activates the EMP which doesn’t seem to have an effect on the suit’s tech.
She turns the full heat of her glare onto Steve, who immediately shuts up. There is no way they’re getting out of this without the reports either showing up miraculously or them finding Clint’s body in a dumpster tomorrow morning.
Tony quickly tampered down the warring feelings of apprehension and dull hope that rose up within up all at once, fixing his attention to the literal puzzle before them.
Peter huffs and pushes the book away from him, sinking down into his pillows with tears rapidly gathering in his tired eyes. Steve sighs and moves in closer, pushing away some of Peter’s stuffed toys to perch on the edge of his bed.
“Would it be too much for me to ask for some help with the groceries?” Steve asks, already knowing what the answer’s going to be.
Tony turns to face them all, the faceplate receding into the helmet. “So, now that we’re all up again, wanna watch a movie?”
“Doctor Martha Fieldstone,” she replies, apparently opting to be helpful for the first time during the entire exchange.
Pepper shakes her head at him, clearly not falling for the ruse. “Yeah, sure Tony. By the way, I think Obadiah’s dealing our weapons under the table,” she says, her eyes on the remnants of her sandwich as she pops the last bit into her mouth.
Bruce scoffs out a gentle laugh, wisely deciding to keep his agreement to himself. “I’m serious, though. You should head back; it’s unlikely we’re going to catch sight of anything tonight. I’ll pack everything up and lock it all down.”
When he headed back to the cabin later that night, Tony laughed giddily to himself, feeling something big in his chest as he looked up at the moon and stars and remembered what it had felt like to be dancing with Steve, in his arms.
“Nick, this isn’t like anything you’ve dealt with before,” Natasha interjected softly. She was right. They’d run missions before to retrieve SHIELD hostages or takedown intergalactic visitors who had somehow rightfully figured out that the right time to target a crowded Starbucks was before ten o’clock in the morning. How they’d figured out Starbucks was the perfect human location to target was beyond Tony. SHIELD has dealt with numerous mishaps in the past, most if not all relating to Earth’s safety in the face of a potential extraterrestrial threat. None of which had resulted in such a delayed and costly response without effective use of the resources available to SHIELD.
Steve turns back to the groceries, this time taking out a box of Froot Loops and a family size box of Lucky Charms. Shaking his head, he places them on the very top shelf of the pantry.
“Oh, so you’ve finally managed to pare your lectures down from the usual three and a half hours? Wow, Rogers, I must say I am impressed.” Tony sniffed condescendingly, eyeing Steve through his tinted shades. Miraculously, Steve’s face did not contort into that all too familiar scowl and instead went from his trademark soft-and-earnest-with-a-hint-of-exasperation look that he’d somehow always sported around Tony, to a sheepish grin.
“I’m sorry, Steve,” Tony shook his head decidedly, turning away from him with a sense of finality in the movement. “I can’t do this right now.”
It was far from the first time he’d seen Steve after the whole definitely-not-fun debacle that had gone down in Siberia.
“Nat? You okay?” Tony asked, already stepping into his awaiting suit as Steve got ahold of his shield again. “If no one says anything, Cap and I are gonna haul our asses to you.”
Steve leans forward until their foreheads are pressed up against each other. “I love you, Tony. I go where you go, right?”
Steve chuckles. “You asked me for the time.”
“East side’s clear. I’m gonna make a quick pit stop in the forest. Check it out a little,” Tony’s voice came through the comm, just as Steve heard the quiet whine of Iron Man’s repulsors as he flew into the thicket on the opposite side of the cabin.
Tony winces, feeling his heart break for the kid. He knows all too well what it was like to deal with losing parents, and though he hadn’t been quite so young when his own had died, he recalls quite clearly the effect it had had on majority of his adult life. And being left a multi-billion dollar company to run during that whole mess hadn’t exactly been an easy ride.
“If you apologize for having a panic attack, I will repulsor your ass so hard, Rogers,” he warned, moving his head away to look at Steve. “It was the cold, right?”
At his first customary glance of the room, it seemed to have been untouched for years. However, Steve knew better than to be fooled by that when an intergalactic threat was involved, so he kept his guard up as he slowly led them both deeper inside the cabin.
Clint is looking more and more afraid by the second. He has his hands up at shoulder height in the universal ‘please don’t kill me’ gesture, although Steve isn’t sure how effective that would prove to be against the unforgiving force that was Angry Nat.
Tony chewed his lip as he watched Steve, feeling a familiar inkling of worry as the silence between them grew more pronounced. He was well aware that Steve was a pro at compartmentalization, at times even more skilled at it than Tony himself. Steve’s compartmentalization was a benefit during missions when he would shut off the part of his brain that worried after a particularly explosive fight they’d had or a recent hit from Tony’s search parameters that had recently located Bucky back when they’d been searching for him. But now, after over a month stuck here with neither of them having even a hunch of an idea as to how they were going to get out of here, Tony was getting worried.
When he’s finally situated in his office for his well-deserved lunch break, Tony munches on the cheddar bacon sandwich one of the interns had gotten him, pretending to be working on the large pile of paperwork with a bright pink sticky note on top labelled, “THESE BETTER BE SIGNED, TONY” with five exclamation points.
Their breakfast somehow survived. Steve and Tony ate in the kitchen.
“That’s my best friend, Steve Rogers,” he explained, his grin growing wider when Tony flushed when he got caught looking. “He got me the job here.”
But for some reason, the regret still badgered at him, persistent and relentless.
Tony cuddles into him with a pout. “But I’ll bring out all my best moves just for you, and you won’t regret it for a second, promise.”
“You gonna punch some aliens?”
SHIELD director, Nick Fury takes one look at them through the holoscreen and decides they can have the debrief first thing tomorrow morning. Steve despairs, because he’d promised he’d spend the day with Peter, but he can’t exactly bring that up as a complaint. They arrive at SHIELD headquarters where they all go their own ways, some to retire to the available quarters upstairs, and others preparing for a second Helicarrier journey to go home.
However, none of his attempts at communicating with anyone outside of the cabin managed to work. He’d tried to pair his tech with the wireless and the antennae of the TV to see if he could reach one of SI’s satellites as a last resort which had ended in a grand failure as well.
Tony winces inside of his helmet, although he’s pretty sure it shows on the armour. “Yeah, I know, and I’m very sorry buddy. I’m stupid, and very tired so can you get Bruce back so we can all go to sleep,” Tony tries to placate, holding his hands up in front of him. “You know how Cap gets when he doesn’t get his super sleep.”
Selfishly, Tony wanted to keep Steve all to himself. At his lowest points, he hoped they would be stuck in the cabin for longer, even though they were barely speaking to one another.
Beep. Beep. Beep.
“Yes, but it could also take us days. Minutes, if I can come up with a suitable algorithm, or even less if we end up figuring it out by chance,” Tony explained. “Point is, it’s a game of luck. Also math and statistics. It just doesn’t seem in character with whatever fuck is keeping us here.”
The blue light from Tony’s repulsors illuminated the room they were standing in, revealing a kitchenette leading into a seating area with surprisingly modern furnishings, from what limited knowledge Steve had in his arsenal about interior design in the twenty-first century.
“Do you miss her Steve?”
“I know it was an accident. I’m just messing around with you. Also, gently reminding you to not poison me. Maybe.” Tony placated, glancing up at U with a quirk in his lips before returning to oiling Dum-E’s joints.
To their left was the kitchenette, with again, more surprisingly modern appliances. The cabinets were made of a similar dark, polished wood as the kitchen island, with the same material used for the countertops. There was a sleek, metallic oven, not unlike the ones that they had back at the Tower, and a similar refrigerator that was slightly smaller than the one Steve had in his own kitchen on his floor. Cabinets had also been attached to the upper walls, some of them with a window on their doors displaying the plates and dishes that were apparently sitting inside. There was a thick layer of dust on every surface in the room.
He arrived at the Tower fifteen minutes later, twenty-five minutes late to the meeting. However, he had most definitely made the right call re: donuts, because as he walked into a roomful of pissed off Avengers, the sight of donuts instantly turned a good eighty percent of those frowns completely upside down. Wilson stretched out his arms as soon as Tony stepped into the room, his hand making grabby motions that Tony had only previously encountered in tiny, fat toddlers and himself at the sight of freshly brewed coffee after a bender in the workshop.
Tony had understood why Steve had been so reluctant to sign.  After the whole HYDRA takeover of SHIELD that had left even unflappable Nick Fury flapping and Steve’s trust in SHIELD thoroughly lacking, his extreme displeasure at having to operate under a government super council was more than reasonable. Hell, he figured that if he hadn't operated just based on his guilt alone, he also would have been reluctant to sign a set of laws that was backed by the same guy who'd sent the military after Bruce years ago. By enabling the Avengers’ independence in the event of any future compromisation of SHIELD and incorporating, Tony had worked his ass off to amend the Accords so that they could retain some autonomy while still being held accountable in a way that they definitely had not been before.
“Your lover is over by the bar with his friends,” Bucky said, as he passed out the drinks and sat back down. Steve turned around to see Tony, who was in the middle of posing for a selfie with Jan in front of the decorative display at the bar.
Tony wasn’t sure how long he was out, but he awoke to Steve gently shaking him awake.
“Okay, the flu test came back negative, and so did strep. It seems like you just have an awful cold, but I’m honestly not surprised that someone with a schedule like yours got sick like this! I’ve written a prescription to help with the sore throat, and a spray for your nose but otherwise you need to
After about fifteen minutes, Steve let out a loud happy sigh, and Tony stopped massaging Steve’s head. He climbed down from the back of the couch, sliding down next to Steve.
As they began to walk down the red carpet, Steve made the first move, linking his arm through Tony’s as a swell of murmurs flowed over the crowd. They paused to pose for more pictures, and Tony grew more confident as his slid his arm around Steve’s waist and then they continued their way into the museum.
A beat of silence followed, and Steve filled it with the only thought in his brain.
“Shh. Relax.”
“Since when?”
Steve kissed Tony gently and pulled him into a quiet embrace, just the two of them alone, city lights glowing around them.
“We still haven’t gone skating yet. Wanna get on line?”
“The weathering tests? For the armor? You said you had been doing some kind of test on it?”
“The other night, with the dream?”
Steve snorted, continuing to read. “-
“I told you, Tony. I’m not going anywhere.”
Tony immediately went to get up before Steve grabbed his hand to stop him.
Steve wished he could find a way to tell Tony how he felt. But for now, he just took what he could get, spending time with Tony around the tower - even if that meant hanging out with the rest of the team as well.
Upon hearing the words “full moon” Steve felt his stomach drop, and he turned to see Tony staring at him
“I’d love to, Tony,” Steve replied happily. “But I’d like to think I wouldn’t have to wait the next few weeks until the formal for a date with you. Can I take you out to dinner next weekend?”
Steve blushed. “Good to
Tony wandered around campus, looking for Steve. He passed by students going back and forth between classes, others practicing aiming techniques and fighting stances. He moved past the construction zone near the gate of the school, where he saw Pepper observing and taking notes.
“Tony, what -”
Steve thought back to breakfast, when Tony pulled him aside.
Steve smiled. “Yeah, I get it.”
“Uhh, I’m not even sure. Maybe Widow, to the Halloween Ball?”
“You know, Tony, I used to chastise you because I thought you were too reliant on your tech, but I have to say, this is pretty satisfying, building the armor and tools you’re going to use to protect yourself in battle. This is pretty fun.”
After Steve left, Tony curled back up under the blankets. He felt small nubs tucking the blanket in. “Aww, thanks.”
“Tsum,” it said.
Tony stepped past a few loose balls from the ball pit, the red, green, purple and orange balls gently rolling as Tony took a step.
“Really? Because -” Teddy started.
, and
Steve smiled. “Uhh, maybe?”
“Woo - ruff!”
Tony hadn’t mentioned a single word about the night before, so Steve took it as a sign not to bring it up. But Steve was a man who was good at many things, and worrying about Tony Stark was one of the things he did best. So as they drove back to the cabin, Steve continued to weight the pros and cons of bringing the nightmare up. It couldn’t hurt to at least let Tony know he was there to listen, right?
Tony sat down with a sigh, like he still didn’t believe it. “How are you holding up?” Tony asked.
“How long have you been having these dreams?”
Steve followed Tony’s instructions. Once Steve was seated in place, he watched as Tony finished preparing his next pot of coffee, his tail happily swishing back and forth as he packed in coffee grinds in the filter and filled the coffee maker with water and turned it on. Once that was finished, Tony strolled over to Steve. But instead of sitting next to Steve as he expected, Tony climbed onto the couch and sat on the back of the couch behind Steve, with his legs bracketing Steve on both sides.
“I just don’t understand what’s so complicated about this. You like him. A lot. Why can’t you just let him know?”
“You know those two are just going to head over to Groot’s Grove and join the party, right?” Tony asked, pointing over his shoulder at Teddy and Kate as they walked away.
“Tony, I
“Tsum tsum!”
He cupped the side of Tony’s face with one hand as he moved in for the kiss. Their lips met, softly touching at first but as a quiet fear ran through Steve’s head - don’t let him go - Steve pulled Tony in closer to deepen the kiss. Tony let out a small hum as he kissed back, and ran a hand up Steve’s chest as they finally broke apart.
“Okay. What do we have here?”
“- Be able to just let it go?”
“We sure they’ll be fine without us?” Steve asked as the GPS guided him out of the city.
Steve stood at the railing at the end of the pier, looking out over the water and into forever just lost in thought, and Tony felt a tug on his heart.
Tony giggled.
“You said, ‘
Tony first pulled Steve into a small bakery, mentioning an apple crumb pie he had seen from this bakery on TV once. They then moved up the street to a quaint antiques store, where Tony bought a sign from an old blacksmith’s shop. Steve made them stop in a diner for some eggs and bacon, and the two continued to peruse the town for the rest of the morning.
“That’s okay. You always look good and we’re not going very far.” Steve blushed and grabbed Tony’s hand, guiding him toward one of the conference rooms.
“You know, if you’re ever up late, you should let me know. I wouldn’t mind going for a nighttime walk like this, and it’s always nice to have some company.”
“Well, I’m sure me and my teammates will find a way to make some more rubble despite Fury’s additions. Speaking of my teammates, have you seen Steve? I wanted to talk to him.”
“. . . Steve?”
They went down the hill a few more times, and after the final time, they once again landed in the snowbank. When Steve sat up to look for Tony, he got a big fluffy snowball to the chest. Looking from the snowball’s source, Steve saw Tony preparing more ammunition.
affair but if
A couple of weeks later, Tony had made all of the arrangements. They set out by car, driving upstate.
Tony moved a hand down between them, slowly beginning to stroke Steve’s cock, gathering the bit of wetness at the tip and moving downward until Steve was fully hard. Then Tony worked up to stroking them together as Steve began to leave marks along Tony’s neck and chest. Once they were both hard, Tony moved his hand off their cocks and wrapped his arms around Steve’s neck and legs around Steve’s waist.
“Tsum tsum!”
And before Steve could finish, Tony dropped down and threw his arms around Steve’s neck and pulled him in close, meeting Steve’s lips for a deep, tender kiss.
He began to grow woozy. He looked down to see blood, and his head began to spin. The last thing Steve remembered seeing before passing out was Tony slamming down beside him in the Iron Man suit, face plate flinging open.
“Yeah, love. I love you, Tony.”
“You know this place. You really need me to tell you that?”
“You want me to get a feel for his reaction? I’m the god of mischief. Yes, I’m good at knowing when people are being deceitful. Although I’m not sure America Man is
Tony laughed and leaned over to kiss Steve again. Steve was truly happy, knowing any day he would get to wake up next to Tony would be a great one.
Tony looked down to see Steve’s chest, a faint ring of light over the star on his uniform forming the centerpiece of the chained armor.
“No - it’s just - Tony, I’ve had so much fun today. I love spending time with you, but it’s just hard for me because I . . I have feelings for you. Everything we’ve done today, I’ve enjoyed it so much but it just makes me wish we were on a date.”
much I care about you. It’s more than that. I’ve - I’ve had feelings for you for the longest time, Tony,” Steve said nervously.
“Pretty much since we got back from Battleworld.”
“So from our preliminary investigation it seems as if the installation process was compromised, which allowed AIM to tamper with the anti-cloaking system into a cloaking amplifier. Their goal was to do a surprise ambush at night. It would have been pretty successful too if you two hadn’t been so quick to respond. That beam almost made it through the campus exterior wall. I don’t want to think what could have happened had that thing been able to break its way inside.”
didn’t know how to deal with my feelings. I’m so sorry, Tony - if I had known you thought that I would have just come clean ages ago.” Steve took Tony’s hand and gave it a loving squeeze, sitting in silent contemplation for a moment.
“Steve carried you. Picked you up bridal style and ran you over to the medical wing. Said it would be a hell of a lot faster than had we waited for assistance to arrive, which is true. I ran after him, but you know there’s no way I could keep up. I think you were only out for a little over a minute. You were still pretty woozy but were already awake by the time I arrived.”
Steve continued to explore the cabin. He opened a door to see a luxurious bathroom, with floor to ceiling tile, couples’ sinks, and a large glass shower and separate soak in tub. The door next to that led to a large bedroom with a king-sized bed.
“I’ve got you, I’m not gonna let you fall.”
“Wow, yeah. Thanks, Tony,” Steve replied with a smile.
The rest of the day was spent reading, playing cards, and telling more stories.
“That’s better.”
” Tony said, slightly offended.
Suddenly, an alarm chirped out across Stark Tower. Tony and Steve both jumped up and raced to the window. Down near the quad, they could see Clint and Scott tinkering with one of the Stark Robots - Scott playing with the wiring as Clint tried to fit a football into the robot’s right hand.
Sam and Nat were also in the living area, their eyes glued to Steve instead of the TV.
“What do you mean?”
“What are they?” Tony asked.
Camping, playing in the snow, being out in the woods - Steve missed out on all of these things as a sickly young boy. His mother was afraid Steve would get hurt, sick, lost or even worse. Without his dad or the money to really get out of the city or afford quality winter clothes, Steve had grown up spending most of the winter indoors, watching the snow fall outside his window as other kids played in the cold.
They drove to a small nearby town that had a prominent Main Street - and as Steve parked the car, he couldn’t help but feel like he had walked into a picturesque movie. Small stores lined the street, with locals strolling down the sidewalks, walking dogs and pushing strollers.
“You started cooking because of me?”
“I’m taking that as a yes,” Tony said with a smile, as he walked over to the skeeball machines.
Over his life, Steve had developed many skills. Unfortunately for him, those skills were pretty lacking in the romance department. Shyness and nerves the serum couldn’t overcome, Steve knew he wasn’t great with flirting with women; and with more freedom to admit he was bi meant the knowledge that he didn’t really know how to flirt with men either.
When Steve saw Tony, he started beaming and jumped off the bars, landing in front of Tony who jumped back a step.
didn’t speak up. Why would I be mad at you? I thought I was scaring you off so I decided to keep my mouth shut instead of talking to you.”
That morning, Tony bought tickets for skiing at a local mountain.
The pair sat there in silence for a moment, a silence that was suddenly broken by movement within the pit. Or more accurately, movement
On the ground, Steve hooked the ring of armor onto his uniform and pressed onto it. He felt it grip on as the chain mesh began to spiral out and cover his body, going down his torso and arms. The final project would be an entire suit, but at this point in time, Tony and Steve had only been able to finish the chestpiece. It finished unfurling, with the triggers for the center ring landing in his palm.
“Yeah, I guess so. But what are we going to do with them?”
Tony sighed in confirmation.
“A getaway would actually be really nice. Let me see what I can put together.”
I feel the same way. I just wasn’t expecting this, you usually get so quiet around me, I just didn’t think you were that interested in me.”
Despite that, it was still fun to see Steve get this excited over something. But after a long afternoon in front of the TV, Tony needed some mental stimulation, and he stood up and left for the workshop.
Loki looked back Tony. “Well didn’t you once say you were ‘everybody’s perfect match?” he asked in jest, but Tony didn’t respond besides a pout and looking down at the ground. “What? No jokes? No boasting about how you’d be the perfect boyfriend or a great night out? Ooh. You really are lovesick. Ew.”
Tony sighed. “So the whole school knows about this?”
“Or what?”
The sun had long ago set, and the night’s full moon shone brightly through the thick branches of the woods. Steve was running, running, running, until he noticed a change. A sudden, but significant one.
Steve took a deep breath and turned to Tony.
“I think so? They were, uh, pretty unresponsive when we asked. Cap just gave them the look - you know the one - and they said they’d ‘stay out of our hair’.”
“And?”
“Sure, why don’t we try with those scarves over there?” Bruce pointed and just like that, Steve and Tony were left alone.
Steve looked around. The log walls were broken up with a large glass window that overlooked the lake. A door led to the back porch and yard, where Tony had a fire pit and a hot tub.
“Thanks for the help, Tony,” Steve replied dryly. Tony laughed.
Steve sighed. “Yes, it’s a Chuck E. Cheese’s but there’s something here we’ve been asked to investigate inside it.”
tried to ask Steve out. Three times, already. And each attempt had gone wrong.
Steve thought about it. “Would it be too much to ask for a few blocks of that fancy parmesan cheese they were cooking with?” he asked shyly.
“Seriously, no hard feelings if you want to ditch us for the night. I mean, stay available, but you guys can go wander campus if you want to,” Steve suggested. Tony knew Steve was doing this to be nice, but it also couldn’t help but sound like Steve was trying to ditch Kate and Teddy too.
Except winter in New York was deceptively picturesque. Easy to get caught up in the holiday displays and lights and joy, to be in awe at the snow falling against the city skyline. New York, at a distance, sparkled in the winter.
Steve could hear Tony call out from the kitchen behind him. “So the one downside about this place is that there’s only one bedroom, which you’re more than welcome to. I can sleep out here on the couch.”
Steve pointed to the ball pit. “What do you notice?” he whispered.
It had been a couple of weeks of non-stop meetings, travel, conferences, handshakes, close talking, late nights - all to finalize a huge deal that would help secure a new green energy grid for most of Europe and Africa. Tony was exhausted, although he would never admit it, just happy that the deals were done and that Stark Industries would be helping negate carbon emissions around the globe. He felt accomplished, and when he finally arrived back to the Tower, he was asleep as soon as his head hit the pillow.
When the new school year had started, and Tony helped Steve with his campaign for student body president, they had spent a lot of time together. It further solidified Steve’s feelings for Tony, but it wasn’t until the end of the fall term that he finally brought up his crush with Sam and Bucky.
“Alright, look, we’ve got this from here. Go get checked out in the medical wing, and then to my office for a debrief. We’ll talk more about this then.” He then returned to the large crowd of students now forming around the gate.
“Yeah, that sounds great. We can go back to Stark Tower, it’s one of the tallest buildings on campus anyway.”
As they reached the halfway point up the Tower, Tony tried to break the silence with a “So, Cap, I -” but was cut off as Steve pulled him into a kiss. Not hesitating, Tony immediately threw his arms around Steve’s shoulders, letting Steve pull him in closer as Tony returned the kiss and Steve’s hands began to roam down Tony’s back to cup his ass. Tony rocked forward slightly, wedging his knee between Steve’s legs. No time for thinking, just acting, and Tony felt like a jolt of electricity was running through him.
Steve laughed. “I’m not allowed to get up now, am I?”
, Tony wanted to say, but he just couldn’t.
After the dinner, the team wandered over to a large holiday market in Midtown near the Tower. Stalls of gifts, food, snacks, trinkets, jewelry and art spanned across the park, surrounding a large Christmas tree and skating rink.
Tony laughed and shifted in his seat, pulling Steve in for a kiss. As Tony tried to pull away, Steve pulled Tony back in with a hand on the small of Tony’s back. They continued to quietly kiss, snuggled together on the couch, until they heard an “Ahem.”
It was early April, and Tony had finally been cleared to resume regular classwork and screen time. He would still have to wait another week to be cleared to return for missions, but it was such a great feeling to start returning to normal.
“Tony, it’s beautiful. Where should I start?” Steve asked.
“I love you, Tony. But I think you already knew that.”
The front gate of the campus was filled with smoke and fire. Tony flew up to above the smoke to scan the area.
“Oh god - Tony, no - I never wanted you to think anything like that. If anything, maybe I just put myself at a distance because
“Do you think the team would want to go?”
“Yeah, whatever fruity house special they have tonight,” Tony said as he raised his glass to show off a pink drink with two strawberries on the rim.
“Excuse me, sorry, watch out, apologies,” Steve said as he pushed his way into the ball pit. Steve carefully picked up some of the tsums in his arms as he shuffled to the back of the pit. The tsums gently clinged onto his uniform, and a little chorus of “tsum! Tsum!” followed him as he wandered around. As he continued to gather up tsums the colorful balls of the pit were revealed more and more. Steve continued to shepherd the tsums back to the entrance, and as he turned around he saw Tony, tsum on one shoulder, visor up, with a slice of pizza in one hand and his phone recording in the other.
Tony tried to sit up and instantly felt dizzy. Jan pushed him back down on the bed.
“The night you got attacked, you absolutely scared the shit out of me. I genuinely thought you were dying, and I was terrified that we were going to lose you. And I spent days trying to wrap my brain around what could have happened to you to cause that much pain. You’ve taken a beating before just fine. But a bite hurting
“Good. Sun rises at about 5:45 AM. A chest in the guard booth has some water bottles and snacks.”
The next morning, when Tony woke up still wrapped in Steve’s arms, Tony had never been happier.
“I just - I’m so scared that something is going to happen to the team, or to you, or to me, and we’re going to be taken apart again,” Tony whispered.
“Oh, good morning, Steve,” Tony answered softly.
Tony guided them a few blocks away to the park, where a winter village had been set up for the holiday season. Booths of local merchants selling food, sweets, home goods, art, and other gifts lined the edges of the park. One side of the park had a row of carnival games. An enormous Christmas tree sat next to the large skating rink in the middle, with long lines of people waiting to get in.
“Yeah, I understand.”
“I need to tell you something. I’ve thought about this for a long time but I honestly just need to say it and get it off my chest and once I know you know then no matter what I can be at peace.”
“Nothing serious, I think,” Steve responded, looking himself over.
He strolled over to the obstacle course, where Steve could sometimes be found helping other students with their conditioning training. It was clear today’s session was almost over, given that Sam and Bucky were horsing around to the side as Steve was on the monkey bars, swinging back and forth playfully between the bars.
Confused, Tony followed Steve inside the Chuck E. Cheese. There was something off about the beeps and music from the arcade machines, the lights all on, the restaurant area still covered in trays of pizza and cups of soda like someone was just about to come back - but no one there.
“Jan -” Tony started.
“What happened?” Steve sat up in confusion, for a moment unable to figure out where he was. He looked around to see the outside of the compound, still nighttime, and he was laying in the grass. Tony stood above him, crouching down to inspect Steve’s condition. Steve looked down to see small cuts and scratches over different parts of his body, and realized he was actually naked.
“I didn’t, at first. So I tried to learn. I was trying to follow recipe cards. That was my mistake.”
“Let’s get you back inside.” Tony pulled off his sweater to let Steve tie around his waist as they quickly and quietly. Tony walked him back to the medical wing to get the cuts clean, grabbing Steve a pair of scrubs to wear for bottoms on the way.
Steve, still in shock at what he just did, mindlessly replied, “Yeah, that sounds good.”
Tony sighed. “I haven’t told anyone this, but . . . once in a while, I’ll have a nightmare. About getting lost in that no-tech dimension, away from all of you. Or being stuck on Battleworld before I found you all. Just nightmares filled with that dread, of wanting to scream for help and knowing there was no one there to hear it.”
“Tsum tsum tsum!
He spent a lot of free time in the spring semester lying in the quad, watching Tony zoom across the sky in his Iron Man armor. Even when they started to argue about how to proceed with missions, Steve still admired how smart and creative Tony was - and he said so, which would usually result in a witty comeback or light teasing from Tony. Steve never took it to heart, having been reassured by Widow that that was just how Tony was with everybody.
Steve smiled. “Thanks, Tony.”
Steve and Tony took their perch on the roof of Stark Tower. Tony stepped out of the Iron Man suit and Steve removed the top half of his uniform, placing it and the shield by their armor project.
Steve was watching a cooking competition show. And getting pretty damn worked up about it.
“Aww, sorry Tony. I’d offer to stay and help, but I’ve got a training session with Ares I have to prepare for. He asked if I could help demonstrate some tactics to first-year students. Same time next week?”
Steve was right after all - besides a few stares (returned with some glares from Natasha) Tony and Steve were able to enjoy their night unbothered. Steve was self-assured enough where he just acted like he and Tony had always been together, how could anyone question it? It was a play that worked easily, with the few “I didn’t know you were . . . together”s being met with a large smile from Steve, and the same response, “Oh yeah, we’ve been happily together for a long time now.” The confidence was enough to dissuade any of New York’s elite and powerful to not push further, not wanting to seem foolish for apparently being the last to know.
“So what’s going on in your life, Tony?”
It started with a chase through the forest. Steve was on the tail of members of a HYDRA cell, his teammates also in pursuit and scattered around the forest. He could hear the crashing sound of the Hulk smashing trees, the speeding sounds of motorcycles as Nat and Clint followed behind him, and the whooshing sounds of Tony and Thor just overhead.
He was tired but Tony just couldn’t drift off to sleep. As ten minutes turned to twenty, Tony stared up at the ceiling, with the sensation he was being watched.
A couple hours later Steve heard a small knock on his door. He opened it to a very apologetic Sam.
After they returned to the cabin Steve took a relaxing long shower, some of which was spent trying to ignore how wonderful Tony looked in his ski suit.
“Yeah, how’d you know?”
“I don’t - Steve, I wouldn’t read into what happened like that -”
go about telling him?” Steve asked, brows furrowed, sitting against the wall.
“It’s wonderful, Steve. Did - did you make all of this?”
“Your helmet hair. Cowl hair, I guess? Anyway, it’s cute, a ruffled bedhead kind of look. It’s good on you,” Tony responded with a small smirk at seeing a light blush appear across Steve’s cheeks as his hand lifted to his messy hair.
“So?” Steve asked.
Faint sensations of being moved, picked up securely, gently placed on a table. The bright overhead lights of the Academy’s medical wing. Being poked and prodded, scans and tests. An overall wooziness as he answered questions and moved his hands and feet as requested.
It clicked for Tony. “The TV shows -”
Steve read aloud, looking at Tony with a slight smirk. “
“I love you too, Steve. And yeah, I did.”
Steve woke up early the next morning, and just held Tony in his arms. He eventually felt Tony stir, and shuffled so the other man could look at his face.
Steve sighed and looked down at the floor around him as the tsums continued to munch away. Sure, they were still going to have to sort out who these little guys were, but even Steve had to admit they were pretty cute.
Steve let out a sigh of relief, and pulled Tony a little closer, and together they watched the snow continue to fall.
“My stomach always does a little flip when I see you. You make me smile and want to be better and learn more about the world. You’re so brilliant and kind and I admire you so much and now I’m rambling and listen it’s totally okay if you don’t feel the same I just needed you to know -”
They broke apart to see Director Fury in the doorway. “When you two are ready,” and gestured into his office. He turned and walked inside, mumbling something about “young people.”
“Thanks, Pep!” Tony said, smiling as he walked away. “Oh, and Pepper?”
Steve tapped his head. “Eidetic memory. I’m a visual learner. I just needed to see how these chefs were making things. The rest was easy enough to follow along. And as it turns out now that I know how to cook without burning the kitchen down, it’s actually pretty fun, and makes me feel pretty accomplished.”
“Yes! Please, I’d like to talk to him.” While the whole incident was a bit of blur, the horrified look on Tony’s face when he first found Steve was clear in Steve’s mind.
After a couple of hours and a stop at a local store for groceries and supplies, Steve pulled up to the cabin. It looked like a scene out of a painting. The log cabin was large, with a covered wrap around porch that overlooked a downward hill leading to a quaint frozen lake that was surrounded by a ring of tall pine trees. The cabin had a beautiful stone path peeking through the fresh layer of fallen snow.
Between Steve’s look, his bright smile, the way the workout had made his hair messy, how cuddly he looked in the sweatpants and how nice it was when Steve’s shirt rode up, Tony was totally thrown. Completely flustered, the confident Tony that had just strolled right to the obstacle course immediately vanished. Tony was frozen like a deer in headlights, and panicked.
“What tips do you have for us, Cassanova?”
“But with Steve? It’s not the same. I
“Just so you know, you’re not alone in that. Leaving you behind, it was one of the hardest things I’ve ever done and one of the worst days of my whole life, Tony,” Steve said, reaching for Tony’s hand in the water. “The whole team was devastated, but I mean this truly when I say I was heartbroken, to return to the tower - our home - and not have you there.”
“C’mon. We’re going. Get dressed.” Sam dragged Steve out of the dorm and to the club, where a sizeable crowd was dancing, drinking, and flirting.
, Tony thought.
Tony gave a nice roll of his hips and Steve began to pull back and thrust into Tony, slowly building up a rhythm as Tony moaned loudly when Steve would pass over his spot. Steve continued to thrust into Tony, leaning into the crook of Tony’s neck planting kisses and words of love into Tony’s skin. Steve was enveloping Tony, his larger frame holding Tony down as Tony gripped onto Steve tighter as Steve thrust faster.
And now he got to spend an entire night getting flustered with Steve.
“What’s so funny?” Steve asked.
“I sit up here, sometimes. When I can’t sleep.”
“I think I can take care of the tank. Keep them distracted.”
Steve by not telling him how you feel and giving him the chance to respond. I know it has to be scary to worry about affecting your friendship, and the team, but if you’re just killing any chance you could have together before it starts, aren’t you basically in the same place you’d be in if you ask him out and it ends badly? You’re still miserable, and not seeing anybody. When’s the last time you asked someone out?”
Steve moved his hands down Tony’s side, wrapping one arm possessively around Tony’s waist as his other hand made its way to Tony’s ass, squeezing firmly.
“I was just telling Tony that it would be healthier for him to just tell Steve how he feels and get it off his chest,” Jan said.
They both laughed. Steve was happy to just get any answer, let alone such a playful response from Tony. So he wasn’t ready when Tony turned the questions back on him.
Tony looked down at his gray lounge pants and black tank top. “Oh, I’m not dressed for -”
The first item he pulled out were ticket stubs from their outing to Coney Island, a few months after the Battle of New York.
“Tony, the doctor’s here.”
“Yeah . . . it makes me happy to be able to take care of someone I care about, and to make them happy too. So if I was gonna ever tell you how I felt, I wanted to do it right, and start taking care of you right from the start,” Steve answered as he sat down next to Tony, putting their plates on the table.
Before Steve could say a word Tony grabbed his coffee and left.
“I made it myself,” Tony declared proudly.
So when Tony asked if Steve wanted to check out the nearby holiday market - Tony’s treat - Steve said yes, eager to just spend time with Tony outside of the tower.
Tony grew quiet but began to slowly step closer to Steve.
“So,” Tony said, waiting for Steve to get comfortable.
“No, about me. Are you sure we can risk it?”
“Okay, all things considered. How are you?”
“Yes, Tony?”
“Don’t know. He said he wanted it to be a surprise.”
“I danced with a few girls, and that was nice and all, but all I could think about was how cute Steve had looked. I’m doomed to just be a sappy mess forever, aren’t I?”
“Oh, Steve. I’m so sorry . . .” Tony began to say as he crouched down in the grass next to Steve. “I know you’ve seen me act differently the past few weeks. And I’m sorry. This must have been so scary to deal with. And I just . . . sometimes it’s hard to even believe that our team is real. We have secret spies, a super soldier, a Hulk, the god of thunder - it sounds like fiction. So it’s hard for me to say that something’s not possible, because hell, look at us.
“Steve, it looks incredible!”
Tony continued to put more memories into the scrapbook - lots of pictures of their time together, trips they took, special dates. But there was one more date that Tony wanted to recognize. He sifted through the contents of the hat box until he found it - a program for the Stark Industries Gala, the first one after they had begun dating.
“If you never ask, the answer is already a no. You’re answering
“Steve - no - of course - of course I feel the same! Please don’t apologize, just a bit surprised.” Tony smiled and threw his arms around Steve’s neck and kissed Steve back. A huge wave of relief rolled through Steve’s whole body and his knees slightly wobbled.
They left the office and walked out onto campus.
They both paused, and turned toward the front gate of the school where smoke began to rise.
After the immediate battle, the team went their separate ways, but the nature of needed meetings and conferences and investigations occasionally had brought Steve back from Washington D.C. and onto Tony’s doorstep. Apartments had been set up for each of the team in the Tower, so they could come and go as needed or as they pleased. Steve had relocated to Washington DC to work with SHIELD with Natasha, Thor returned to Asgard, Clint went off for “personal time” as he called it, and Bruce retreated back out of the spotlight as quickly as he could. With the exception of Thor the others had all made a trip or two back to the Tower, usually unannounced, but Tony was happy to have them back whenever they could be there.
Steve felt Tony’s hands start playing with his hair, light finger scratches on the back of his puppy ears and an almost kneading motion into his scalp. The touches first sent exciting jolts down Steve’s spine, and then he recognized the motion Tony was making.
Tony moved forward, and Steve knowingly opened his arms to embrace Tony, who buried his face into Steve’s chest. His arms hung around Steve’s neck, Tony let out a small sob. Steve ran his hand reassuringly up and down Tony’s back, letting the other man cry.
Tony chuckled. “I felt that. Now don’t you go and pass out on me,” he joked with a wink.
They broke apart for a breath as pressed his forehead against Tony’s.
“All designer, usually custom made. I can ask if you want, I’m sure they’d love to dress up someone with a figure like yours,” Tony blurted out, slightly blushing and Steve smiled and grew just slightly pink in the cheeks.
“I don’t need anything for Christmas.”
“You know, you look really great tonight, Tony. Where do you get your suits from?” Steve asked, as they began to walk around the market.
Steve jumped awake in bed, gasping for air and popping out of bed to look at himself in the bathroom mirror.
They cooked dinner together (roasted salmon, seasoned potatoes, salad and wine), and rested on the couch watching a show about science.
“Okay, how would
“You won the debate?”
“You were hit in the head with a football thrown by a robot.”
Steve held Tony up as he stood up in one fluid motion, carrying Tony to the bedroom. Steve let go of Tony over the bed, Tony landing with a bounce and Steve crawling on top of him. Steve continued to kiss Tony’s neck as it was Tony’s turn to caress Steve’s body, running his hands wherever he could across Steve’s chest and back.
the doctors would tell him. But not this time. Whatever had bitten him had slowed Steve down a bit. Steve resigned himself to just take it easy for a few weeks to let the recovery happen. And it did.
“ - That sounds great.” Kate finished. They both looked relieved, and Kate continued to speak. “That works for us, Cap. We’ll stay on the ground and you two take a higher position?”
“Shh. Don’t think. Relax,” Tony said as he continued the kneading motion.
“Thank you, Tony, for such a beautiful gift.”
The next day, after a successful night of interviews, fireworks and music, Tony approached a sleepy Steve. “So I called your boss and asked if they’d be so kind to give you a couple days off have a proper birthday celebration. Beyond any world-ending scenario, you now have your first weekend off in I assume - what? Like 75 years?”
improved it. Fixed the layers and added more fruit. I refuse to make the same mistakes he did.”
“Your bed head. Sex hair? Anyway, it’s cute. It’s a good look on you.”
The last time Steve had gone skiing, it was to chase after HYDRA agents during the war. The pursuit had been stressful (you try balancing ski poles and a shield at the same time) but Steve spent the morning replacing all of those memories with better ones of racing Tony down a slope and grabbing hot cocoa afterward at the ski lodge.
“No seriously, Sam, it’s okay. I was planning on doing some training early tomorrow anyway. You guys have fun. I’ll see you back at the dorm.”
Not in his usual outfit, Steve’s workout clothes consisted of a long-sleeved academy t-shirt and gray sweatpants. Tony, already mesmerized at the sight before him, watched as Steve’s shirt rode up slightly as he hung from the bars, revealing a nice bit of skin. Tony began to feel warm and fluttery as he stared at Steve - staring was the right word, at this point - until Steve turned around and caught Tony looking.
Tony walked over quietly, almost as if he was afraid.
“Yeah.”
The next morning, Steve woke up facing Tony, who was less than a foot away.
“Of course I am, with a big strong hero to catch me,” Tony responded with a large grin, still on top of Steve. They both laughed, then paused as they stared at each other, Tony only a few inches above Steve’s face. Steve could feel his stomach do a million little flips as he could sense Tony’s thoughts racing a mile a minute.
know him. He’s smart and kind and absolutely a giant dork and he’s so damn perfect but he doesn’t brag about it like I would. Being on the same team as him has actually made me a better fighter and strategist and person and he drives me nuts. I’ve dated a lot of people, been in what I thought was love a few times, but
“Oh, okay - you know,” Tony said with a pause to think. “I might just have a place. Are you . . . looking to go alone?”
Steve laid in bed, not quite sure what to do with himself. It was the evening, but too early to go to bed. Not that going to bed would make much of a difference anyway - it had been a long time since Steve was able to get a solid night’s rest.
“And you’ve got the super soldier grace keeping your ass off the ice right now,” Tony replied, and just as the words left his mouth, he lost his balance, shuffled his feet quickly, and in doing so made Steve fall down too. They both plopped down on the ice, and looked at each other in silence until they burst out laughing.
“What do you mean?”
Steve decided to test the waters. “I don’t really want it to be an entire
They made it back to the compound, and Tony stepped out of the Iron Man suit to properly sit down with Steve in the grass. They sat there quietly, Tony providing reassuring pets to Steve’s head as the full moon receded back past the treeline. With a bark, Steve began to shift back, first standing on his hind legs, full werewolf form, and then back to human.
“Because I’m in love with him, okay!” Tony shouted, and turned so his back was now to the rest of the quad. He continued softly, “When I’m just asking someone out on a casual date, someone I’ve just met, when I haven’t really developed feelings for them but I just think they’re cute or cool, it’s
Intrigued, Tony responded right away.
“I don’t know, but they are pretty cute.”
Tony was silent for a moment. “You all mean so much to me, and when I thought I’d never see you all again - I - it just hurt so much. Being able to barely keep in touch over the communicator kept me focused, gave me hope. But it still hurt so much, it’s still hard to even talk about,” Tony said, his eyes welling up.
Tony looked again. The ball pit was pretty full, a small sea of red and blue balls out before him.
“Yeah, something like that.”
Later that night, Steve woke up with a start at the sound of a yelp from Tony.
“Tony, it’s okay, I’m okay.”
Steve’s dreams of running through the woods were more vivid than ever before. He could feel the wind as he ran, the crunch of sticks and leaves under his feet.
“If this team grows any further we’re going to need a bigger mantle,” Tony said, watching Steve delicately try to fasten the last stocking over the fireplace.
“So you did this?”
Tony got up and grabbed a cup of coffee, and quickly hurried back to Steve. Tony slid his way onto Steve’s lap, curling up against him on the couch.
“Steve, are you okay?”
“Hey!” Tony interrupted.
Tony looked back to the ground at the loose balls and back to the ball pit. “Why are the balls only red and blue?”
Steve sighed. Tony looked over from the passenger’s seat.
“Steve?”
“Thank you for tonight, Steve. Are you enjoying yourself?”
Steve’s wolf ears picked up a familiar whoosh approaching from behind him. He turned around to see the Iron Man suit flying toward him, slowing down and landing a little distance away. The helmet flipped off and Tony stared at him in concern.
“Hey, Steve. I wasn’t expecting to see you here tonight,” Tony replied. He seemed a bit off - it wasn’t even a slightly warm reception Steve had been expecting to receive from Tony. But he tried not to read into it too much.
“What if he says no?”
“Aren’t we supposed to be on bedrest?”
“And what?”
“Shall we sit down?” Steve pulled out a chair for Tony, who sat down happily.
“You’re hopeless, Steve.”
“It’s a shame he runs so fast - you can’t even get a good look at his butt in those pants, he’s just a blur,” Jan said, but when Tony turned to look at her, she was looking back in his direction, not Steve’s.
From the kitchen counter, Tony watched a small throw pillow fly across the room and land on the floor under where the TV was attached to the wall.
The door to the common room quietly opened, and Steve paused to take in the scene before him. Not there previously, a big fresh Christmas tree was placed in the middle of the living room, undecorated with the exception of red garland wrapped around the tree. Tony, by himself with ornaments and tinsel in hand, stared at the tall tree in front of him. He hadn’t noticed Steve enter the room, or if he had he didn’t acknowledge it. Soft holiday music played from the stereo as a pile of decorations covered the table, waiting to be used.
Well maybe that wasn’t entirely true. Steve spent a decent part of the weeks following Tony’s entrapment dodging concerned looks and questions from Sam and Natasha. It had been an incredibly difficult time for Steve. He had been in love with Tony since the day they met, but he had never managed to get out the words to let Tony know how he really felt.
“No, I ran under Sam and Tony’s arms as they both tried to push past each other to get in first,” she replied, as Steve smiled. “So how are you feeling?”
Steve excitedly began to open the gift, revealing the hat box and quickly opening it to see its contents. He pulled out the scrapbook, the cover with shiny letters saying “
Tony quickly flew them both across campus to the medical wing, Steve hugging Tony tightly during the short trip. The trip to the medical wing was quick; only some minor bruises and cuts between the two, and a small burn on Steve’s leg that would heal quickly.
The doctor checked Tony over, asked about what he had been up to the past few weeks and did a few swab tests.
“Nat, if I don’t get some hot apple cider in like two minutes I’m gonna cry,” Clint said, dragging Nat off laughing toward some of the concession stands.
“Do you want me to send Tony in? He’s been dying to know how you’re doing,” Sam asked.
“I can always count on you, Steve.”
Steve didn’t even know where to begin with Tony. He was smart, funny, caring and kind, with big beautiful brown eyes that made Steve’s stomach flutter every time they looked in his direction. To make things more complicated, Tony frequently made comments that Steve could interpret as jokes or flirting. But Tony was witty with everyone, so Steve had made a habit of not reading into things Tony would say.
“Just tell him,” Jan said, taking a piece of popcorn from the bowl Tony had placed on the floor between her and Rhodey.
He paused, and then responded, “I don’t know. I just found you like this. Are you okay?”
And apparently, he did a bad job of hiding that.
“You thought you were scaring me away?”
Most of the team seemed to not notice, still giving Steve space to recover. Most, except for Tony. Steve walked around the compound with the sensation that someone was watching him; he’d peek over his shoulder and see a blur of a person jump behind a wall, or in less concealable places he’d catch Tony staring at him only to have Tony immediately look away when caught. Tony wouldn’t say anything, just watch. Steve’s head hurt too much to try to figure out what was going on.
was pretty good. And so was
“You just seem a little distant, that’s all. Is everything okay?”
They were almost done with the main piece of the armor - the chestplate. Its center was a ring,  that functioned like a mini arc reactor, that clung onto the user’s uniform or clothing. When pressure was applied to the ring, a chainmail like armor would spread out from the center, unrolling over the user’s body. The chainmail mesh provided protection from heat damage, knife wounds and some bullets, and the ring had a trigger that could release a small energy blast when needed. The armor wouldn’t be designed to be like the Iron Man suit - it couldn’t fly, there were no sensors, etc. - but for an agent who found themselves in the need of extra protection, it would do in a pinch.
“What the hell was that?” Tony heard Sam say as he turned the corner and sprinted back to Stark Tower.
They snuck back inside, and went to their bedroom. Steve sat on the edge of the bed as Tony retrieved the hat box, now wrapped in gift wrap, and handed it to Steve.
Tony had hoped he had been discreet about the distance he was trying to put between himself and Steve, but Steve had clearly noticed and was hurt by it. He hurt Steve which in turn only caused himself even more pain.
“Woof? Woof. Of course you’d say woof. Why wouldn’t you say ‘woof’? . . . Do wolves say ‘woof’?” Tony began to ramble, clearly nervous.
“Yeah, that sounds delightful.”
Tony picked up the fork and dipped it into the dish. The first bite of the risotto was heavenly - creamy, and the rice perfectly done. He turned to compliment Steve, who had actually covered his eyes so he couldn’t see Tony’s reaction.
Tony smiled. “Oh, come on Steve, everyone knows it’s rude to move a snuggly cat.”
The doors opened and they stumbled their way out of the elevator, kissing and making their way toward the bedroom. Along the way they had lost their coats and shoes, and Steve picked up Tony and gently bounced him onto the bed, the moment where Steve climbed between Tony’s open legs the first real moment they had separated since they began kissing.
Tony let out a happy sigh. “This is so cozy.”
Steve smiled, and pulled Tony in to a deep kiss. “I’d like that a lot, Tony.”
“This is incredible. You’re incredible. Thank you so much.” Tony took one of Steve’s hands, kissed it and squeezed it and Steve’s eyes lit up.
It certainly had been a difficult few months not only for Steve, but for the whole team. This was the first Christmas season since Battleworld. It was now the last weekend before Christmas, and some members of the team had opted for a quick weekend away out of the city, or time with any family or friends. They would all be back for Christmas, as big holidays tended to be an invitation for trouble, so they took some time to themselves now. But today the tower was relatively quiet.
“You seeing anyone?”
“Steve! I think it’s the new security system. Either it’s been disabled, or tampered with. I’m gonna go check it out.” Following his hunch, Tony zoomed along the inside of the campus wall until he found a control box. He quickly plugged his suit into it and began to hack it.
“It’s - Tony it’s okay if you don’t feel the same, I’m sorry I just had to -”
, Steve thought to himself as he entered the cabin.
“I’ll keep that in mind, Tony.”
” Tony managed to cut in stuffily. “Calm down. I’ll be fine. Just a cold and -
should be impossible.
Pepper laughed. “Well, as many times as you and your teammates have ‘protected’ the school by reducing parts of it to rubble, Director Fury wanted to add additional defenses. New technology, reinforced walls. That kind of stuff.”
By the time they had gotten to the end of the pier, the sun was starting to set. Steve walked over to the safety railing around the pier while Tony sat on a bench and took out his phone to take pictures. A few snaps back of the boardwalk, a video of the waves rolling in on the beach, and then he turned his attention back to Steve.
“I know you go around to these fancy dinners and galas and have some of the best food in the world. I want to treat you like the special amazing man you are, right from the start.” Steve started to plate the food.
“I thought you didn’t know how to cook.”
So once a week, Steve met Tony at Stark Tower to go over that week’s lesson and to start planning their final project, which would be a take on adaptable armor that would meet in the middle between the protective but flexible nature of Steve’s uniform and the durable and powerful nature of Tony’s.
-----
“I didn’t realize I was creating a monster!”
“Alright, fine. Let’s go.” Loki stepped aside to make room for Tony to stand up.
“Tony, are you alright?” Steve asked.
“Oh, you’re finally awake. I’ll go get the nurse,” the aide said, walking out before Steve could even respond.
“Yeah - yeah, Tony. What happened?”
“Yes, ew. I hate seeing you like this. Like the life’s been sucked right out of you. How do we fix this?” he waived his hand generally over Tony.
Tony watched Steve walk out quietly and as soon as he was out of earshot, Tony said, “JARVIS, contact Nick Fury. Tell him world isn’t ending, just have a favor I wanna ask of him.”
“Tony, how are you feeling?” Jan asked quietly, walking into the room and sitting beside his bed.
A couple hours later, Tony found himself with Steve strolling down the Coney Island boardwalk. The boardwalk was filled with laughing children and happy families; teens excited to finally be free for the summer. The sound of the beach mashed with the roar of the amusement park rides and music.
“I love you too, Steve. We, aha, we’ve never actually said that to each other before,” Tony said, his heart slightly racing.
“Oh, no - nothing like that. I’d still like to appreciate winter, but the grime and hustle of the city are kind of ruining it for me.”
On Friday night, Tony and the others met Director Fury in front of the main gate to the campus. Steve had arrived first (of course), and Tony arrived around the same time Kate and Terry showed up. As this was official business, they were all in their gear. Tony flipped down the Iron Man helmet as they all lined up.
“So that’s why you wanted the cheese.” Tony finally truly examined his plate as Steve finished grating. “Is that risotto?”
He didn’t stop until he burst through the door of his bedroom. He dropped to the floor, curled up against his bed and texted Jan, trying to catch his breath.
But what was he supposed to do?
“Me? Yeah, right. Tony, how long are you gonna keep torturing yourself like this?”
“I forgot how much I liked lasagna. Why don’t we have it more?” Steve asked.
Steve felt a pull toward the window; he walked over and stared into the night. The moon slowly came into view over the treetops, and as the moonlight grew brighter, Steve began to feel a change.
“You’re gonna make us dance in front of the whole class, aren’t you?” Tony asked, in a jokingly exasperated tone.
But all Steve got was a noncommittal shrug from Tony.
And a few hours later, Tony heard a knock at the door. He looked up to see Jan, relief to finally see a friendly face.
“Tony, are you . . . making biscuits on my head?”
Tony blushed, having been caught staring.
Jan shook her head as Rhodey passed out controllers.
Steve sunk in his seat slightly. “Dating in the 40’s was different than it is now. And I could barely handle it then!” Steve said with a sigh. “Guys, you know what, I think I’m gonna head out -”
So three attempts. Three failures. And all Tony had to show for it was a busted robot, a bad concussion, and a whole lot of embarrassment.
“That it’s cozy?”
Frustrated, he left the gym to grab food from the common area. He looked at the clock - already after 8 PM - and was shocked it was so late already. The common area was unusually empty for this time of night.
Steve wanted to add, but he held back. But Tony seemed to know what Steve was thinking, and continued to massage Steve without prompting.
Soon, a volley of snowballs and laughter was exchanged back and forth between the two. After they were both satisfied that the other was thoroughly soaked with snow, they put back the tire and went inside to change and warm up.
“Tsu-”
“Tsum tsum!”
“I guess we could call them that for now? Tsums?” Tony proposed.
“Hey, Tony, come in. I’m glad to see you.”
When it finally seemed like the pieces of wreckage had settled, Steve pushed his shield up, forcing a heavy piece of the tank aside as he sat up, slightly dizzy. He looked over and saw Tony standing in the rubble with him.
A few weeks later, Tony was tinkering away on a suit when he got a text from Steve.
Across the quad, Tony spotted Steve on his daily run. He zoomed by, Steve’s perfect runner’s stance fading in a blur as he sped past the quad.
? Tony, this place is incredible. This is exactly what I had in mind. Thank you.”
“Already ahead of you. Ordered both during the last commercial break. Damn this addictive network,” Tony said, scrolling through a website and picking out new bakeware for the communal kitchen. He turned to look at Steve.
“Oh! Yeah. It’s on the roof right now. Wanted to see how exposure to the elements would treat it. We could go check on it if you want?”
“You know Tony, you joke but shouldn’t that be a good test? I mean if you could actually do the Charleston while wearing armor the armor would HAVE to be pretty darn flexible, right?” Steve asked, examining one of the pieces of the chest plate.
Steve jumped up and fetched a glass of water. After he handed the water to Tony he turned to the tsums and said, “I’m gonna go grab one of the medical staff to check out Tony. You two stay here and watch over him. I’ll be back soon.”
“Hey, I know we were riffing on you pretty hard back there, but it’s not to like, put you down or anything. I think you’re just being way too hard on yourself. Yes, the social scene isn’t what it was in the 40’s but I think you’re much more adjusted than you give yourself credit for. As one of your best friends, I know you pretty well, and I can safely say anyone would be lucky to have you as their significant other. I’m sorry we were being jerks, and I’m sorry things didn’t work out tonight.”
Steve raised an eyebrow. “So this is for me?”
“Tsum tsum tsum.”
“Would you like to go with me to the Spring Formal?”
“I just - I can’t - I -”
Suddenly, Tony head “Watch out!!!!” from across the quad as he turned around. The last thing he remembered was a brown blur zooming in his direction, and then things going black.
Steve turned in bed to see Tony sat up, trembling and lightly clutching at his chest. Steve turned on a bedside lamp and shuffled over to be with Tony.
“Wanna go again?” Tony asked, holding out a hand to help Steve up.
In the dream he ran until he found a lake. He approached the lake slowly, the reflection of the full moon on the water shining brightly. As he reached the edge of the lake, he looked into the water.
He would be patrolling with Steve. Tony would get to spend an entire night patrolling with Steve! The flurry of excitement and butterflies quickly flipped into panic.
“What took you so long?” Tony asked, opening the string cheese included in the snack bag.
“Hmmm?”
“Whoa! Steve, are you alright down there?”
However, you are all at this school to train to become heroes, protectors, and defenders of the innocent. So
“I can order dinner for us tonight. What would you be interested in having?”
“Sure, why?”
“Where is everyone?”
“What have you been up to while you’re recovering? I mean, besides the whole concussion thing, how’s this school year been? Build any interesting armors?  Have any plans for spring break? Figured out what missions you want to work on this summer? Have you been seeing anyone?”
“Anytime. We can spend the entire week on this couch staring out the window if that’s what you want. Or -”
A couple days later, Steve was let out of the medical wing and allowed to go back to recover in his personal quarters. He took it slow - slower than he even expected. He found himself frequently tired, often running a little hot, although he didn’t have a fever. It was odd, really, as he usually recovered a bit quicker from past injuries because of the serum - often to the dismay of doctors who wanted him to slow it down.
“Okay, how about this. You go sit on the couch so you don’t turn to jelly on me, and I’ll go make us some hot cocoa and we can talk about this more?”
The next object Tony looked at was a napkin - the O’Leary’s Steakhouse logo in forest green where they had eaten the night they got together. It hadn’t been how Tony thought it might happen, but the memory stirred some heat in him just the same.
“Hey, I just wanted to say I know we haven’t spoken about last night, and we absolutely don’t have to if you don’t want to, but all I
“Yeah, works for me,” Tony grumbled, continuing to drag the robot toward his lab.
Steve smiled again. “Anywhere?”
“Would you wanna go to one of the nearby towns and wander around?” Tony asked. He didn’t acknowledge the night before, so Steve didn’t push the subject for the moment.
“Like it? I figure it’ll be a nice surprise for the rest of the team when they get back.” Tony handed over a box of fake candy canes.
Once up and off the ice, they grabbed some hot chocolate and cookies, sitting at a table and chatting the night away. As the market closed, they wandered back to the Tower. On the way back, Tony couldn’t help noticing the energy around him just felt different. A constant low vibration of excitement, running through his whole body as they walked past the Christmas lights and holiday shoppers. Tony felt a happy jolt when Steve, at one point, patted him on the back while they had been discussing something about charity work. What they had exactly said, Tony couldn’t remember, because all of his focus was on the vibration in his body and the solid warmth on his back.
“Can you stay here for a second?” Tony asked.
“OH COME ON!” Steve shouted. Steve was usually pretty calm, very levelheaded. Desirable qualities for a team leader. To hear him sound so annoyed was unusual - not that Tony constantly paid attention to Steve’s temperament, of course.
“Tsum tsum!”
Tony felt his stomach drop and like he was floating away, like someone had just chucked him into outer space.
“Tony, there are people in here with me but I can’t see them.”
“Ugh I feel like shit.”
anything burn down, you all have access to the campus alert systems and for the love of god do not wake me unless we are literally at war. Have I made myself clear?”
After Tony’s concussion, he was forced to take it slow for a few weeks. He missed a week of classes, was only allowed limited use of technology - as little screen time as possible - and couldn’t be very active. So Tony wasn’t out on missions, couldn’t be in his lab, couldn’t fly around in his armor - and was limited in how much classwork he could do.
“So the next global emergency is . . . here?” Tony asked, visor up and eyebrow raised.
Jan offered a compassionate smile and brushed her hand through Tony’s hair sympathetically. “Oh, Tony. I know it has to feel so painful, and if you want me to drop the subject I will, but is not knowing really better than just knowing?”
Between the amazing food and how sweet and endearing his new partner was, Tony knew in that moment that he was in love.
“I’m really sorry, Steve. I wish I could help more,” Tony said sadly from the couch on the other side of the room. They were in Stark Tower, for their weekly study session/project time. Due to Tony’s injury, he wasn’t allowed to look at computer-generated models or use power tools or other machinery. Which made working on their armor project much more difficult. A job once equally divided, most of the work now laid on Steve’s shoulders to construct, wire and test their project.
Tony smiled and got comfortable in his seat, picking the music for the ride. They spent the next couple hours chatting, Tony sharing facts about his favorite bands - an entire era of music that Steve had missed while he was on ice.
“Because it kinda feels when I do try the universe is making sure I don’t.”
“I mean honestly, Tony I really didn’t think you were into me. I even made an opening for you of sorts, hoping you’d take the bait and just ask me out but you didn’t.”
“Have you ever gone tubing?” Tony asked, looking out the window toward the lake.
“Fantastic,” Steve said, catching his shield as it bounced off the fifth agent’s chest and spinning to kick a sixth agent in the gut.
“I mean, hey, Director Fury, don’t feel too bad - those were some pretty sturdy walls you built,” Tony added, which actually got a laugh out of Fury.
“Tsum tsum tsum!”
Rhodey rolled his eyes. “
Tony-tsum said.
“You’ve punched Hitler and Red Skull in the face and can’t ask a guy for a drink?”
“Tony, oh god, this whole time I thought you weren’t interested in me! I wanted to ask you for a dance on Valentine’s Day but you seemed so nervous and distracted I backed off.”
“How?”
Steve tried to say. He shifted to sit down more like a dog.
“Just use your words?” Steve asked, eyebrow raised in amusement.
“What?” Tony responded.
“Tony, you really love me? I had no idea! I’ve had feelings for you since last year! Why didn’t you let me know?”
They chatted for a bit more, and Nat left so Sam could take his turn.
Tony spread his legs as Steve moved to prep him. As Steve began to circle one finger around Tony’s entrance, he whispered into Tony’s ear.
“Absolutely.”
Steve pulled off his cowl and pushed a bit of rubble away from his leg as Tony ran through the wreckage to meet him. “Tony, are you alright? I-“
Director Fury called the weekly assembly on Monday morning.
Fury, Steve, and Tony reviewed the details of the night before.
Steve rolled over to face Tony. “I could tell you were wide awake.”
“Sure,” Steve said, accepting Tony’s assistance with a kind smile.
“Tony, this place is gorgeous. Where’d you find it?”
Before Steve could even speak up, Tony pulled a nurse aside and said, “Hey I think I found him sleepwalking outside but he seems to have gotten a bit scratched up. Can you get someone to clean him up?”
They split up, Steve going around the left side of the cabin and Tony taking the right. Steve unhooked his shield from his back and swung it around so it was positioned in front of him. He moved forward slowly, grateful for the soft snow under his feet to cover any sound that his steps might have made.
That’s where things had started to get weird. Dulquer started to mention that he kept hearing the chiming of bells, like the ones attached to the doors of the stores that they’d just passed to alert the workers inside when a customer walked in. They’d pause and turn around, but there would be nobody there. Then he began to ask Rachel if she was seeing it. She kept asking what, what was he seeing and where, could he describe it to her? Dulquer began to get more and more frantic, the desperation more than evident in his panicked voice as he pointed something out in the distance, something that he described very loosely as the outline of a person, but with nothing inside of it.
