On the other end of the phone Tony grunted and huffed. Steve might not have been able to see him but he knew the sounds of someone coming. That was the last straw for Steve as he came over his fist and shot over his stomach with the force of his orgasm.
“Tony?” Steve asked, still holding out the book and wanting to know what it was that had upset the other man.
“You got me there,” Tony agreed as he held out a new piece of paper with the title of the next book that he needed.
Steve was up like a shot and chasing after the smaller brunette, the two of them running and chasing one another up to the edge of the water. Greedy hands made quick work of stripping each other out of their clothes leaving a trail behind them up to the edge of the water. Together they went splashing in up to their chests, mouths coming together in needy kisses, as they let the water take on some of their weight.
“I would love that,” Steve promised. “Would love tasting your cock, swallowing your cum. Would also love a chance to get at your ass. Feel it opening up for me, filling you with my cock, watching you split open for me.”
Steve frowned but did tip his head in acknowledgement. While he did want answers, he truly hadn’t meant to frighten that other man.
“Oh you even remembered my name,” Tony chuckled delightedly. “I hope it’s because I left a good impression behind and not because you had to walk the helpless man through the library to find a book.”
True he hadn’t known Tony for very long but he had really become invested in the other man. He was funny and he was sweet and Steve didn’t like that the one thing he brought to their interactions was so clearly missing at this moment.
Once his coworker had come over to take his place, Steve once more walked out from behind the counter and led Tony through the stacks of books. It had become a familiar routine for the two of them and Steve found himself walking closer to Tony’s side than was strictly necessary but the other man didn’t seem to mind. If anything he was subtly leaning in closer into Steve’s space in return.
All together Steve was very impressed, even more so by now knowing that the man he had started to develop feelings for wasn’t actually so brainless as to not be able to figure out the Dewey Decimal System. Reaching out, he plucked the book from off the shelf where Tony had put it back after hiding it. Taking a piece of paper from his pocket he quickly scribbled down his phone number and tucked it into the book like a bookmark and shoved it into Tony’s hands.
Half an hour later Steve’s day was made significantly better when Tony did appear at the desk holding out his book for Steve to check back in. Steve found himself at the front of the circulation desk so fast when he saw Tony that he wasn’t completely certain he hadn’t teleported across the distance.
Steve’s hard breathing sounded down the phone for Tony to hear, mingling together with Tony’s own. When his cock became too sensitive to keep jerking off Steve had to reluctantly admit that he had wrung every drop of pleasure that he was going to get from it right now and let it go. Now that their mutual pleasure had come to an end however, Steve wasn’t sure how to finish off the phone call. This was something that everyday Steve had no practice with and road trip Steve was coming up at a loss as well.
That drew a matching moan through the other end of the phone and Steve could hear the distinct sound of flesh on flesh as Tony was obviously jerking himself off to what Steve was saying. It was a heady feeling for Steve to know that this perfect stranger was getting off to him, his cock and his voice taking someone else up through their own pleasure.
Tony gave Steve a wink as he pushed away from the desk and got ready to head out. “Oh I have no doubt that it will be your pleasure.”
Steve just shook his head. While everything that Tony said was probably true, that didn’t make the missing book any less frustrating to him. Steve took pride in how well he kept the library. Everything was neatly organized. Books made it back out onto the shelves within an hour after being turned back in so that other patrons could find and borrow them. He and his coworkers made regular trips around the library looking for books that had been left out so that they could reshelve them so things like this didn’t happen. The fact that it had and Steve didn’t know why bothered him. The fact that he also felt like he was failing Tony to an extent didn’t help matters.
Looking at the contact in his phone Steve imagined what would happen if he actually did dial that number and see if the person on the other end really could provide a good time. Just the thought made more precum ooze out of the tip of Steve’s dick making the slide of his hand over his length that much smoother. Biting his lip Steve acted on his lust before he had a chance to second guess himself and change his mind to make a far more rational decision.
Steve chuckled and sucked a mark into the juncture of Tony’s neck and shoulder. “I sort of figured that one out. You weren’t exactly being subtle Tony.”
“Thanks for your help. Are you the one I’d see about checking out the book? I’d hate for our little adventure to come to an end so soon,” he asked, looking Steve up and down making it clear the book wasn’t the only thing the man was interested in checking out.
By the time everything was set up and they had a fire crackling merrily in the shallow pit that had been dug, they were all more than ready to clean the day off of themselves and settle down for a nice dinner. The pond proved a huge help as they each used the cool water to wash away the worst of the sweat until they felt at least halfway to normal. The battles that they fought on a regular basis had made them each immune to the worst grime that could cling to them. Washing was quickly followed by some peanut butter and jelly sandwiches. While not the most elaborate dinner they’d ever had together, it was all stuff that didn’t need to be kept refrigerated as they camped.
One by one after dinner was finished and s’mores had been consumed, the rest of the team settled into each of the two person tents until Tony and Steve were the last ones left sitting by the slowly dying fire. There had been a few sideways looks thrown their way but none of the team had actually teased them tonight the way Tony could clearly see that they were dying to. This in turn only made Tony feel bolder. If the team wasn’t going to say anything then Tony was fully intending on seeing just how far he could push. It was what he did best.
The clear look of frustration on Steve’s face had Tony’s smile vanishing and he stepped closer to put a hand on Steve’s shoulder. “It’s all right. I don’t need that particular book right now. I can make progress on my thesis from the notes I’ve taken from the others and I’m sure there are other books that I can check out that will help with my research.”
With great reluctance Tony took his book and headed out of the library. Flirting was fun and the connection they were building during their two walks to the bookshelves and back was nice but Tony wasn’t about to cross a line. As much as he’d like to stay and talk with Steve he couldn’t interrupt the man’s work. Tony wouldn’t like that if someone was interrupting him and he wasn’t about to do the same to someone else.
Tony’s face went from nervous and concerned at the beginning of what Steve was saying to overjoyed by the end of it. A wide grin spread across his face at the librarian’s pronouncement.
Steve used the computer to find a few reference books similar to what Tony had already borrowed and those ones were on the shelf where they belonged. Later the day when Steve was taking his turn with the cart to go around the library to reshelve books, he found his feet taking him to the same section that he had taken Tony to earlier, unable to let go of the mystery of the vanished book. He still hadn’t managed to find the book that they had been looking for even though he had kept his eyes open for it.
By the time Tony reached the front of the line he was practically bouncing in place in his excitement. He was barely able to keep himself from slamming the book onto the desk in his eagerness to get to talk to Steve again but he thought the other man wouldn’t appreciate the mistreatment of a book and so Tony kept himself under control.
“Well if there is more to learn then I’m sure you’ve already found the next book that you need for your research,” Steve suggested.
“I think that can be arranged,” Tony agreed.
Before too long they were back at the shelf which had the book Tony was looking for. Just like last time Steve knew the shelves well enough to barely have to spare a glance before pulling down the needed book and holding it out for Tony to take. Tony however didn’t take the book right away. Instead he was too busy glaring at the shelf like it had personally offended him.
Steve was working very hard to keep his face straight and not show the amusement he felt over the situation. “My name’s Steve and it would be my pleasure to help any further needs that you have from the library.”
Tony chuckled in response to Steve’s unsubtle invasion of his space and nudged his shoulder against Steve’s. When they got the correct shelf Steve raised his hand and went to grab the book off the shelf, barely looking as he did so because he always felt that made it look far more impressive. The only problem with that was that the book in question wasn’t where it was supposed to be. Instead the books all seemed to be spaced out to cover the gap that the missing book left as though trying to hide the fact that their brethren was missing.
Tony’s enthusiasm was infectious and Steve couldn’t help but feel his own heart speeding up at the thought of exploring and learning something new. While Steve couldn’t say that he was interested in going out and learning more about AI specifically he did love the process of learning things that he was interested in.
Team building activities were very important to unity and fighting cohesion according to Steve. While Tony didn’t buy in with the same enthusiasm as the captain did, he wasn’t against the idea either. Sometimes team bonding took the form of team dinners or movie nights and other times it meant trekking out into the wilderness to camp for a three night trip. Those team building activities Tony was less on board with.
Steve felt like there was more to it but didn’t want to push. Tony hadn’t done anything wrong and didn’t owe him any explanation to the thoughts that went through his head. Instead they just walked back to the circulation desk together, continuing to chat about AIs and the possible uses that the world could have for them if they were ever fully realized.
With that Tony turned and walked away leaving Steve with the older man muttering under his breath about the younger generation too busy messing around to actually get any work done. Steve plastered on his best customer service smile and set about helping the next patron though part of his mind stayed on Tony and the fun he’d had even with just the short interaction they’d had. He didn’t know when or if he’d see Tony again but Steve couldn’t help but hope that it wouldn’t be too long.
While water was less useful as lube, it was at least enough to provide enough slick for the two of them to grind and rub up against each other. Their mouths found each other again as kisses turned from desperate to sweet to heated and longing in an almost never ending cycle. Their hands were too busy holding onto one another so that they didn’t drift apart that neither of them could get a hand between them to jerk off with. All they could do was kiss and thrust against one another.
“Not for him. You want tea or coffee, Tony?”
Tony grins, eyes crinkling. “It is, isn't it?”
Steve hears a soft, “That was a shit warning Nat,” and her even softer laughter as he slides out of the booth.  There is a single guy, built in dark colors coming rushing him. He’s erratic in his approach, and Steve leans down for a moment, tries to make himself smaller as the guy slams into him - full speed.
JARVIS responds with
He’s spent the entire day thinking about the casual way Bruce had said,
He raises his mug as a speaker utters, “Of course Dr. Banner.”
Steve can practically hear the shrug over the phone, “Yeah, but JARVIS indexes all the google alerts and only gets the ones that need my attention to my phone.  And I already knew about the exhibit.”
“Yes sir,” JARVIS replies.  “I would recommend a quick shower and change.  You may need to negotiate for him.”
Then he rolls out from behind the box, arms held up, no gun on him.  “Hey so, I give up you guys,” he calls. “How about we negotiate? I’ve got a shit ton of money to pay for my way out of here.”
“Oh my god, of course you're not fine. You're the first one who touched me after Hammer grabbed me!”
Ok I’ll just ask Natasha
He narrows his eyes, and Sam’s shoulders start shaking as he tries to suppress his laughter.  But by that time, the phone is about to stop ringing and hit voicemail, so he just answers with a terse, “This is Steve.”
The waiter nods and whisks away the little glass bottle, disappearing back inside.
It makes him look more like the Howard he used to see on the walls of SHIELD.  Steve isn’t sure how he feels about that.)
Bruce's shoulders relax a little now they're out of the crush of the massive crowd.
Followed by,
Back in Tony's room, everyone spreads out. Thor makes himself at home on the settee in the lounge while Tony and Natasha move over to where Tony's luggage is sitting on a rack at the foot of his bed. Steve wants to follow them, but he crosses his arms tightly over his chest and mashes down the urge. Clint hops up on the desk where he can watch everyone and Bruce follows behind all of them, his eyes moving carefully around the room.
Tony licks his lips, sweat glittering at his hairline. He blinks and then his eyes pinch slightly at the corners. “I...feel strange.”
“Is it because of us?” he asks.
“You love that bow,” Natasha states firmly.  “Now shut up, I need to figure out if I need to go in after Stark.”
There are things Tony isn’t adding, skipping around the details and picking out the ones he thinks Steve wants to hear.  It’s selective and annoying, but Steve has gotten used to this when he talked to Tony. The half step between what is in his head and what comes out of his mouth that gets missed.  The careful filtering.
It’s three months later when they are in the middle of South Africa, about to take down another HYDRA blacksite, because they have lost track of Bucky two weeks back.  No one wants to call it just yet so they are cleaning up what they can of the remnants of HYDRA. That’s when Steve talks to Tony on the phone again.
“I think this is the most words I have every heard you say,” Steve replies, a little wide eyed at everything.  It’s like mini SHIELD, and the more he thinks about it, that’s probably what Tony did. Scooped up the ones he knew was good and put all of this together inside SI so he could control it.
Clearing his throat to try and get his mind back on track Steve gave the man a charming smile that was maybe a bit more genuine than his normal customer service smile. “Hi there. How can I help you today?”
“You’re just saying that because of the jewelry. All the guys say that when they see it,” Tony purred through the phone. “Can I get a name to go with the sexy pictures or should I just keep thinking of you as Hot Cock in my head?”
Steve couldn’t help but wish that more people fell that in love with learning as Tony clearly was. He also wished that he could see Tony looking this excited and passionate every day of his life.
He imagined picking up his phone and calling the number and finding the person to be just as hot and bothered as Steve was right now. They would have the sweetest voice that would talk Steve through exactly how they wanted him to jerk off. They would be so turned on that they would get themselves out of their own pants to jerk off with him, unable to resist. It was all so clear in his mind that Steve pulled out his phone and stared at the number that had penetrated his thoughts so much ever since he had seen it this afternoon.
The handwriting was messy in a rushed sort of way that could be elegant if the writer just spent a little more time instead of hurrying to jot everything down all at once. Either way, it was still legible and Steve, having read worse, was able to search for the book on the computer.
Steve used a finger to scroll over the books on the shelf to check and see if someone had perhaps looked at the book earlier and just put it back in the wrong place. When that didn’t turn up anything Steve turned his attention to the shelves above and below the one that the book was supposed to be on. The computer had definitely said that the book was in the library and while it was possible that another patron was currently reading it somewhere, given the obscure nature of the contents Steve did think that it was unlikely which meant that it should be here.
Steve grinned into the phone and let out a moan that he made sure was loud enough to be heard over the phone. “Well I can certainly tell you that my cock is hot right now for you. I’m leaking all over the place, so hard. I nearly came when you sent that picture of your cock with the ring on it. I meant what I said. I’d love to get my mouth around it, suck on it until you were screaming out my name.”
Once he had control of himself again and was confident that he wasn’t about to end the night just as it was starting to get good, Steve went back to stroking himself light and slow. He wanted to know what this Tony had up his sleeves that made him such a good time. The picture that he got back a minute later threatened to end the night for Steve all over again.
His hand was practically flying across his dick as his mind supplied his with image after image of what could happen. It was almost a complete shock to Steve when his phone pinged with an incoming text. Steve’s hand froze on his dick as his other thumbed open the messenger to read what had been sent to him, not sure what to expect.
So many things were falling into place for Steve right then and he couldn’t help but laugh at the picture that they made. Tony had flirted with him from the very beginning and Steve had enjoyed their conversations each time they had set out to find a new book that Tony had needed. The fact that Tony had picked up on the fact that Steve didn’t want to be distracted while at work and had even made sure that each book they went to retrieve was one that he actually wanted spoke volumes about how much he had paid attention to the blonde.
“Not...not like that.”  Tony groans. “God just ignore all of that.  I’m scrubbing you guys from the video.”
.  They need to talk about it, but all he can think about is how Tony’s looked at him, soft and sweet over the dinners he’s made.  The early morning cups of coffees where Tony has muttered things under his breath. And Steve gets it now - gets what Tony has been talking around and not saying.
, but Natasha steps up besides him.  “Yeah that tracks.” She cocks her head to the side. “Let’s go.”
They are getting ready to hike through the mountains will little cell coverage, no matter what Tony promises he can do.
Natasha smirks. “Oh, he has his own Ironette costume, take my word for it. Play your cards right, Cap.”
“I’m keeping you off the radar, it’s like you want HYDRA to find out in the middle of Berlin with some low level 12 year old hacker who should be spending time on Minecraft,” Tony rambles through, and Steve smiles as he looks down.
Tony chuckles again.  “Left hand side, upper right, security camera.  I’ve never met a security I can’t hack if I think about it long enough.  Like I said, just wanted to check in.”
Looks like there has been a sighting in the Ardenness
“Are you also affected?” Thor asks and every eye in the room turns toward Steve.
Nat finds them in Germany months down the line.  She slides into the seat beside Clint of the pub they are trying to keep a low profile in.  She’s in dark jeans, boots, and a motorcycle jacket. He hair is darker now, nearly the same color as her jacket.  “You’re not blending in as well as you probably think you are,” she says.
This is the Tony he’s grown to understand.  The rambling one. The one who tells stories inside stories with layered meaning and pointed commentary if you can figure what the commentary is about.  The one who talks around things.
“I’m out and about,” Steve hints, hoping Tony will pick up the rest of his sentence,
“That he’s human.”
She turns back to the path.  The rest of them follow in line, but Steve can’t help but question her statement.  “How is always answering the phone when I call a human moment? He’s funding this mission. He’s probably waiting for me to call it off.”
The other man starts laughing, and reaches back to undo his mask.  When he pulls it off, Steve knows his face and goes, “
floats under Tony’s rambling, and sometimes the future hurts to understand, so he just gives up questioning how things work for Tony.  He just knows they always have. It’s nice to have that constant in the continuously changing future. “I wanted to check in. See how you were.”
Steve pauses, a man in a  well tailored suit heading is way, “Tony are you sure about all of this?  You don’t have to.”
Clint bounds in a few seconds later with a bag over his shoulder.  “You ready to go?”
Steve doesn’t have an answer for that.  He shrugs and says, “He’s Tony Stark.”
Oh god, even you saw that?
“Your heart and respiration rates have accelerated significantly,” he reports. “Dopamine levels have plummeted.”
“If only you weren’t hanging out here like a skinned dead animal,” Rumlow sneers.  “You would be surprised about how long a man could stay awake when you separate their skin from the meat.  And with your healing factor? I could work on beating all of my records ten times over.”
“Yes?” Steve replies before hitching his bag higher on his shoulder.
Barnes’ memories were being wiped according to all the documents Natasha leaked, right?  You triggered some of his World War 2 memories. He is either following some research or memories and going to different battles in order to figure out who he was.
Sam sends back a quick,
“You know him too?” Steve says.
“That’s not good,” he mumbles before grabbing at the chain to try and get leverage and hold himself up.  The more he comes into awareness, the more keenly aware of the pain he has become, and he wants to keep the weight off his shoulder.  Steve’s pretty sure his shoulder is separated and the initial wound is slowly growing from the weight of his body.
He takes in a deep breath before adding, “I’ve always liked guys and gals.  It’s nothing new. But if you don’t want to do it Tony, just say it. Don’t talk around it.”
It’s not until they have been in the air for an hour that Steve’s head clears up to realized Tony isn’t there.  He goes to stand up, but a look from Natasha keeps him in his seat.
“I'm pretty sure that's still classified,” Nat says mildly.
“15,” Steve corrects with a laugh.
Tony groans and says, “Please tell me you at least made the Nazi bastards hurt as much as I do right now” to Clint who is helping him upright.
He’ll figure it out after.
go through the most of the data Natasha released to the public.  I tried to pull back the too salacious things that you wouldn’t want out, but your phone number got out.  JARVIS is adding a little routine to make sure the caller isn’t some reporter or source you don’t already have in your phone.  Just some extra caller protection. So, at least check caller id from here on out, Cap.”
And don’t eat the sushi!”  And hangs up.
They end up back in the states after the Russia lead.  New York actually, and they wait until JARVIS can tell them where Bucky has been sighted next.  They end up in the city, not the compound - at the Tower of all places.
, Jarvis replied.
This is text Tony
about Sam.
Tony groans.  “SI has eyes and years all over the world.  You can’t be the reason we do one little thing.”
You don’t have to take point on all this hunt.  You can focus on other things.
“Huh? Oh, sure. This stuff isn't really my thing. Too sweet. Go on. Enjoy.”
“Like what?” Steve asks.
“I wouldn’t take that out,” a voice says to his right, and Steve ducks and tenses before the person adds on, “Shit, Steve it’s just me.  Tony?”
“So not Nat?” Steve asks, trying to ease the sudden tension between them.
“The Tower,” He says, a little numb with the realization.  “If you don’t mind.”
“Sorry,” Tony says, and it sounds like he means it.  Steve’s just starting to learn what his tones mean, “I’m stuck downtown.  You find everything you need?”
Bucky and Natasha lead him to a seat and busy themselves with working with cleaning his wounds and debating whether they should sew him up.  Sam steps in and gives some feedback about how quickly he heals after the DC mess.
Tony swallows before adding, “I enjoyed the challenge.  I don’t get that often these days.”
“Tony’s Technical Support, how may I direct your call today?” Tony opens up with when Steve calls him a few hours later.
Steve flushes. “I'm fine.”
“If I may sir,” JARVIS says in a careful tone.  “It’s behind your ear.”
You can all me Steve, JARVIS, that’s perfectly fine.
And Miss Potts?
“Do what exactly?” Tony asks, tentatively.  Steve looks up and sees he has pulled close to Steve, but just barely out of arms reach.  “You said ‘do it’, what does that
(He procured a vehicle once, and Sam still hasn’t shut up about it six weeks later.)
JARVIS writes.
Natasha bristles the second they walk into the facility.  Steve doesn’t ask her until they have gotten past the abandoned hospital facilities that she refuses to walk into.  Just stands by an abandoned gurney, careful not to touch anything.
“How do you even know about that?” Steve asks, ducking his head again when a child tries to peer under the hat.
Steve doesn’t like the feeling, has gotten use to their easy communication but decided to give Tony some time.  It’s been about three weeks now, and he’s about done with time and space and decided to tackle it all head on.
.”  She grins in response.
Sir likes to do better than ‘just a place to stay’
“It’s him,” Steve says to the others.  “It’s him.”
“You just hate technology,” Sam quips, picking up where Steve usually would make a joke. Instead he is almost too tense to even breathe.  The pain is radiating more in his shoulder, and everything feels a little blurry.
Instead he basks in the knowledge that Bucky is by his side, listening to Sam tell stories, nodding every once in a while.  Adding details or stories from his time growing up with Steve.
“You think that's when it happened?” Nat says.
“Compound?” Steve echoes.  “What compound?”
so clear on his face it may as well be written across his forehead.
” lowly.
Whatever this even is.
“Where’s home these days soldier?” Tony queries.
Steve could have his phone charging or be sleeping, or even winning a fire fight.  Tony unscrews a panel, cracking open the tablet’s back to get into the circuitry. Fine detailed work keeps him calm, busy, attention filled with trying not to screw this up.  He pulls out one of the microchips and brings it up to inspect the circuitry.
“So,” Steve lifts his chin up.  “You’re Winter Soldier 2.0. You know HYDRA has never been that great at making the second one as good as the first.”  He grins. “Look at all the failed versions of me? I took down the Red Skull and he was the closest version.”
She is still recovering.
They all pause and watch as a lone shadow is cast across the middle of the plane.  For a few long minutes, they watch as the shadow doesn’t move and no others join it.  “JARVIS says it’s one person,” Tony vocalizes to the rest of them. “They disarmed the alarms and engine.  I can take them.”
“What did the mask look like?”  Steve demands. The man behind the bar has reappeared and looks to be catching up on what is going on in his establishment as he reached for a phone.  They have all of 20 minutes to probably wrap this up.
“You aren’t,” Natasha replies briskly.  They hustle down the street in a fast pace, and once they clear three blocks from the bar, they all slow down.  Clint pulls up his hood and hunches, and Steve slows down to a stroll, putting a hand around Clint and keeping up as commentary of what they are passing - like Clint is being forced to be a tourist with an overly eager Steve.  They both follow Natasha as she navigates them in a winding path in the middle of Berlin for a few minutes before she ducks into a tea shop.
He looks out into the night’s sky, and it’s the Sahara as far as the eye can see.  Sparse trees and desert. There is nothing out there for as far as he can see but nature.  No unnatural lights to hint at civilization. It’s not the area Steve came into, so they’ve moved buildings since.
Steve pauses, realizing the drink must be alcoholic. He glances around the table. “Hey, this is okay with you, Tony?”
Nodding, Tony says, “Yeah. Let's do that. JARVIS can do a scan and see what's up.”
Steve waves a little, “Hi JARVIS.  Nice to finally meet you after all the texting.”
It’s Steve
“Don't do that,” he hears Natasha murmur and Steve looks up to see Tony with his head bowed, hands in his hair.
He takes the stairs two at a time and finally gives in and gets in the elevator. The doors close faster than normal, and he grabs onto the railing as the elevator speeds through the floors to get to his level.
Clint takes the moment to say, “By the way Stark, I take offense to the kids statement.”
“Always,” Tony scoffs.  He pauses, and the familiar typing that Steve hadn’t even clocked in the background pauses for a moment.
“Sir,” JARVIS returns, unnaturally persistent for the AI, which makes the hair on the back of Tony’s neck stand up in a way he hasn’t felt in a while.  He keeps his head down, trying to work. “What about contacting Mr. Rogers again?”
He asks.
He watches as Tony eats the bowl basically to the bottom before he looks up and notices Steve isn’t eating.  “What’s up buttercup?”
“You mean the secret SHIELD agent Fury put on me to babysit me?” Steve replies, incredulous.  “The one I haven’t seen in over a year?”
Clint holds out his hands to Bruce. “Snuggle buddies?”
“It's—wow. Intense. Good.”
.  Steve had asked JARVIS for details and been able to get some information.
I know about the scientific method. Even you would follow that.
Someone on the right side of the warehouse takes that a cue and levels a rocket launcher at Tony.  Steve scrambles upright, trying to get to Tony, get him out of the blast radius as the guy launches it.  “Tony!” he screams.
Steve catches his arm before he can back away too far. “No. Tony, it’s fine. Just something I noticed that’s all.” He glances down at his hand on Tony’s arm. The warmth of Tony’s skin feels… His hand flexes.
Thank you for all your help
She grins, viciously.  “That will work.”
Tony grimaces and Natasha's expression goes a little flatter, but they separate and JARVIS repeats the process while they huddle there unhappily.
“Is what because of you?” Tony sounds distant, and he had told Steve he would have to keep working through the call, but he would be too tied up to text, so talking would be easier and faster.
as quickly as possible, fighting the urge to grab his drop bag and take off running.  It’s hard sitting here with no leads, no ideas, but knowing Bucky is out there - lost.  He used to know Bucky well enough that he could find him after a fight in less than 30 minutes.  He used to be able to read the room quick enough to know exactly how Bucky was feeling when they used to walk to school.
They end up traipsing through  Tunisia, Egypt, and Sudan. They spend a month in Libya alone chasing down a lead that turns into a black ops spot for HYDRA.
“He always answer the captain,” Natasha adds, without looking away from the blaze.
“Rude,” Tony mutters, but he just looks tired.
“Have a good time tonight, Anthony!” the blond calls in a nasally voice as Tony's security drag him out of the room. Steve glares after him.
“Of course, anything you require,” Thor says.
Did you refer to yourself as sir on your texts?
You should probably call sir, he is concerned.
Tony’s face clears and he starts smiling.  “I’d be okay with that.” He reaches out and laces his fingers with Steve’s for a moment, looking down at them before looking back up.  “How about we have our first date right now?”
Tony looks back at him and smiles ruefully, almost like one of Bucky’s smiles these days.  Like it hurts for some reason, and something in Steve aches at the knowledge that smile is directed at him.  “You caught me in a good time in my life. Five years earlier and you would have hated me.”
.  “Nearly five hours sir.”
The way Tony is funding this trek across the world, and Steve still doesn’t know what he is getting out of this.
“We need to go pick up Sam,” Steve counters.  “We don’t know if they are after him too.”
Are you okay?
Sam leans forward and nods.  “You and Stark must be close if he’s lending you his AI.”  He looks casual but it’s been five months on this journey, and Steve’s gotten pretty good at reading Sam’s counselor mode.  The closeness and look in his eyes is always key to knowing exactly what mode Sam is in.
Tony's face folds slowly, hurt buckling his mouth.
“Oh my god! Okay. Okay, fine, this is fine. That's...hey, look at me.”
Ugh, just.  Ugh.
“Mr. Rogers?” the man asks, finally reaching him.
Steve keeps staring, and the moment drags between them before Clint slumps even further, like a man defeated.  “Okay, maybe all true,” Clint amends. “But I’m decent at flying thing, and it’s in my contract to not eat dumpster pizza.”
“Scanning, sir,” JARVIS acknowledges.
“Right about what?” Steve asks, his stomach falling unpleasantly when his hand disconnects from Tony's neck.
Steve grins.  “I could be persuaded.”
Steve pauses.  “Oh, how much do I owe you?”
“No big deal,” Tony offers.  “It’ll make me finally clear all it up.  I should sell the old house anyway. Been meaning to throw a lot of that stuff out.  I’ll feel better if I just give it to you.”
Romanov says you are coming back
Bruce raises an eyebrow. “That's not what he asked.”
Steve has to take a moment to think,
“Hi, Boss,” Happy greets, cheerfully. “Everybody.”
Tony.  Hey. Can we talk?
“Yeah, not feeling great,” Tony mutters. “Nat?”
“Hear hear,” Tony says, lifting his glass and everyone laughs, but they all lift their glasses too.
“I am,” Tony replies. “Now eat your delicious meal before it gets cold.  I’ve got to run downstairs and get some work done before I go back to my side project.”  He winks at Steve and takes off down the stairs.
Rumlow starts laughing.  “I know you’re with Widow,” he says.  “I wasn’t dumb enough to keep you in the same place.”  He gestures to someone in the distance who Steve can’t even make out.   The wall begins to move, and Steve realizes it’s actually door, and if he looks around he can see large hummers filling the sides of the building with crates that have FRAGILE stamped on the side.
,” Steve repeats.
Steve can't stand that look on his face and the words just keep coming. “I can't—not, not when I'm like this, Tony. It takes all I've got to stop myself on a normal day. I can't do it with
“That sounds like spy for 'sex pollen'.”
“You don’t have to do this,” Steve utters quietly.  “But thank you.”
The big platter is set down in the middle of the table and Clint and Tony immediately dive in, tearing off chunks of the thin brown sheets and pinching a bit of whatever’s closest to pop in their mouths.
Tony laughs, but the sound is a little wet. Steve's stomach clenches and he sways forward before he gets himself back under control.
His lapse doesn't go unnoticed.
Steve sleeps the first 8 hours straight before getting up and moving around the area, familiarizing himself with the common areas, wandering past the empty labs in the early morning until he walks into the kitchen.  Bruce Banner sits in a corner, mug in hand as he watches the sun rise.
Oh, we’re not together any more.
Tony smiles at him and then tips his head to the side, letting his cheek rest on Steve's shoulder. Warmth flushes through Steve's belly. “Thanks, Steve. Glad you think so.”
“I’m good,” Bucky replies.  “But Stevie looks like he needs some medical attention.”
You have to have some theories.
A man in a black ops outfit, similar to what the guys at SHIELD used to wear, comes into view.  He has a hockey mask on, like the man in Berlin had mentioned. HYDRA remnants, he remembers Natasha calling them when they all sat around one of Tony’s holographic displays and she flipped through some images.  He’s been following them mostly - sometimes ahead of them.
“Maybe we should go back to the hotel,” Bruce says.
It’s like watching a horror movie in slow motion - time frozen as Steve tries to get there in time noise going out, until he realizes he can’t hear anything over the roar of an engine.  He watches as red and gold encompasses Tony, planting in the ground like shield. The rocket hits it point blank, erupting into a bright fire that sends Steve crashing back into the crate.
He’ll find Tony later.
“Stop yourself—stop yourself from what?” But before anyone can answer, his expression transforms,
“What if you stop touching?” Bruce asks.
Tony looks up at him, his eyes seeming bigger than usual, gleaming in the patio lights. His eyelashes are so beautiful.
Steve stays where he is, fingers clutching the edge of the box as he watches.  Tony strolls across the open area, moonlight catching his skin and making him glow.  He stops in the middle of the space. Rumlow leans against a hummer, gun held loosely in his hand, but still trained on Tony.  “You’re not going to negotiate for the dear captain you came to rescue?”
His Tony.  Steve shakes his head.
Thanks JARVIS.  How is everything over there
Steve turns his head, trying to inhale the warm, metallic scent of Tony without being obvious about it, but he catches Bruce's eyes over Tony's head and feels his face go hot. He doesn’t have long to be embarrassed though. They’re only crossing a street to get to their hotel across from the convention center and they’ve already arrived.
Tony hms just before the line goes dead.
Tony nods.  “Yeah, Nat’s found your shield and making her way here with it.  She knows you need medical attention too.”
“They aren’t, and he’s already enroute to the rendezvous point,” she returns easily.  “And you really need to hear this from Tony.” Her lips thin before adding on, “I don’t have all the details.”
Steve is about to say,
Dating is hard these days.
Tony pauses before he says, “I can’t bring a suit, but I can come.”
“No I can hear your teeth chattering.  How the frost princess isn’t is beyond me.”  Tony casually throws out. Steve thinks it’s his way of caring.  From the roll of Clint’s eyes and Sam’s chuckle, he thinks he may be the only one who thinks that way.
Tony’s an addict, and these small things help.
On it, thanks JARVIS
They're ushered through a back hallway in the building and step out into the cool Los Angeles evening air to find their limo and Happy waiting for them.
He feels the moment Tony hits the ground.  It rattles his teeth a little bit, and Steve pushes himself up again and takes in the scene as the dirt resettles.
Tony pauses, like he didn’t expect that, before getting flustered.  “Shit, I didn’t mean it like that. I know you’re old fashioned and love your pin up girls, it’s nothing like that -”
“I think I'm drunk. Well, not drunk—drugged. I think someone dosed me with something.”
“Peachy,” Tony replies, before there is some commotion in the background.  “I’ve got to run - JARVIS added himself and me in your phone as contacts. Just tell JARVIS if you need anything.  I’m working weird hours these days, so I can probably respond if you need some funds or weapons, but JARVIS would be your best bet.”  He pauses before adding, “Give me a heads up before you become another headline and I have to hack a hospital to figure out if your are alive or dead.”
“Oh, they reached out and asked if they could borrow some stuff, or if we would donate some of the things Dad has in storage.  I’ve got a lot of your old gear. If I didn’t know better, I would think Dad was a hoarder,” Tony replies, distracted.
Steve  watches as the familiar glow of the gauntlets light up the main cabin for a long tense moment.  Clint has his bow in hand, and a few bloodstained tips of arrows are right next to his hands. Sam is ready to take off the moment he is needed, and Natasha is coiled like a spring.
“Nah,” Rumlow replies before pulling out some of the energy weapons similar to what Steve had seen on the helicarrier during the Battle of Manhattan.  He lets it off, and it seems to actually take Tony down a little bit, pushing him back a few steps. Steve stands up and starts running towards Rumlow, who clocks him and goes, “Nuh uh uh” before shooting him.
“What happened,” he asks, sitting hard on the edge of his bed.
, but then sees Bucky’s face in that plane, haunted, like he knows Steve but doesn’t.  He erases the text.
Tony replies,
It reminds him of Peggy, in the early days.  The way she always was hiding a smile for some reason or another.
It’s Clint who goes, “Uh Stark, are the lights supposed to be on in the plane?”
“I just hate Stark's,” Clint bites back.  “Even my bow has some biometrics. It’s a bow.  It’s doesn’t need all the extra shit.”
“Wasn't he in jail?” Tony's muttering, annoyance thick in his voice. He goes with it easily when Natasha gently pushes his chin to the side, peering at his neck. “I feel like I need a shower.”
The way Bucky doesn’t even know him now.
“Tony, have you had a drink?” Steve asks.
“You okay?” he hears, but he keeps his eyes out on the horizon looking for any more agents about to come in an attack them.
Oh I’m annoyed at you.  It’s Captain.
“Thanks, I think,” Steve says, still thrown by the barrage of words.  “How are you?”
He stands there and watches Tony watch him for a moment before the other man turns back to the rack of gear.  There’s a small window on the right side, and Tony keeps moving towards that, further from Steve. He doesn’t know what that means, but Steve doesn’t think it means anything good.
“It’s gotta be HYDRA,” Tony bites out, bitter he didn’t see this coming.  Wasn’t watching Steve’s six as he would put it. “What I really need is a suit.”
No one asks any questions.  Her tone is warning enough.
“Ah,” he says, caught, while Bruce keeps staring at him.  “Maybe I should talk to him about that. He doesn’t -”
He smiles a little at the thought.
Tony raises an armor clad thumb up before flipping his helmeted head back against the concrete floor of the warehouse and groans, Iincoming.”
“Steve,” Tony gasped, tipping his head back and letting Steve nibble his way down his throat. “So good Steve. Been wanting you all night.”
“What are you doing here Tony,” he pushed. “Is that the book we were looking for before? Where did you find it and why are you putting it back on the shelf? I’d be happy to check it out for you.”
Tony’s eyebrows rose in a disbelieving look. “I’m currently working on my Masters degree and you really thought I could find a book in a library by myself? You have an online catalog that I can look books up in without having to go to the desk and besides, it’s the Dewey Decimal System Steve. It’s not exactly rocket science to figure out. Of course I didn’t need help finding books. I just wanted to spend some time with you and I knew you take your job seriously so you wouldn’t have just let me hang out at the desk with you so I got creative.”
The attached image was a hard cock flushed nice and red with a gold Prince Albert ring pierced just under the head. Beside the cock was a digital watch showing the time and date as proof that the picture had just been taken and wasn’t one stolen from online.
The hike was long though not particularly hard. Not all of them could boast the stamina of a super soldier or alien prince. By the time they reached the planned campsite they were all sweaty and ready for a rest. The spot that Steve had picked was fairly flat and shaded with a decent sized pond just to the side making the perfect spot to spend the night. They each separated into their own tasks to get everything set up.
By the time he checked into a motel for the night he was already semi hard and wanting. He got to his room and immediately stripped down before crawling into bed, taking himself in hand and jerking himself off nice and slow. He wanted to make the moment last as long as possible.
Everyday Steve didn’t do one night stands but maybe road trip Steve could make an exception. It was road trip Steve that thought about that number sitting tucked away in his phone as the miles flew by on his motorcycle. Who was on the other end of that number? What kind of person got their number written on a bathroom stall in the middle of nowhere? Was this person actually good for a good time? Would even road trip Steve have the courage to text it to find out?
“Hey there stranger. Miss me?” Tony asked cheerfully.
Tony smiled wide and leaned his hip against the desk. “And who is the cute librarian that I should ask for help from? I’m afraid I didn’t manage to catch your name.”
“You like that thought don’t you,” Steve continued. “You like the idea of my mouth all over you, sucking you down, pulling on that ring.”
Today had been a day for impulsivity though and Steve decided that if he was in for a penny then he was in for a pound as well. Hitting the accept button, Steve held the phone up to his ear.
Tony frowned down at the paper that Steve handed back with the call number of the book written at the bottom for him to use. “Yeah, I don’t have the best sense of direction and I’d be afraid of wandering in circles and you did say that you wouldn’t judge people for needing help finding a book. Would you mind showing me the way for this one?”
“Um, well, you see … The thing is the book wasn’t really lost earlier today,” Tony admitted, rubbing the back of his neck. “I might have hidden it before I came to the desk to ask for your help. I swear I wasn’t trying to mess with you though. I just thought that if you couldn’t find the book right away then you’d have to spend more time searching for it which would mean that we’d have some more time to spend together. I hadn’t known that you would get so worked up over not being able to find it. I am sorry about that.”
While he hadn’t managed to find the book, he did come across Tony in the middle of the row putting a book back onto the shelf. Steve only got a quick glance at the cover before the book disappeared between its neighbors but there was no doubt in his mind that it was the one that they had been searching for.
His dick twitched in his hand as he imagined what this other person might be thinking when they opened that text. Would they be horrified at an unsolicited dick pic? Would they be turned on at the large tool that Steve had to offer? Would they respond and say anything to the stranger that was sending them dick pics in the middle of the night or just delete it and block his number? There were so many different possibilities and Steve’s mind practically whirled as he thought through each of them.
He might have copied down the number because life itself had gotten more than a little boring at this point. Day in and day out, nothing ever really changed. He got up, went to work, came home, went to bed, and started it all over again the next day. Everything was predictable and while that may have been by Steve’s own creation, even he was getting tired of it. That was why he had taken time off of work and gone off on a completely unplanned and impromptu road trip across the country. There were no designated stops to make and nowhere that he needed to be by a certain time. The destination didn’t matter in the slightest. It was all about the journey and getting out of the rut that he had found himself in.
It was an easy camaraderie that they shared as day turned to night and they all gathered around the fire to eat. This was the biggest reason Tony never complained when they did activities that were so far outside of what he normally enjoyed doing.
Using their previously discarded clothes as makeshift towels the two of them dried off enough that they wouldn’t soak their sleeping bags before crawling into their shared tent and laying down right in each others’ space. They needed to sleep if they planned on being rested enough for tomorrow’s hike but that didn’t mean they couldn’t spend the night curled around each other. After all, the trip was meant to be a bonding activity.
Tony couldn’t hold back the startled laugh. “Hopefully not. The problem that AI can run into though is the lack of feeling and empathy. Take self driving cars for instance. Let’s say a car AI values the safety of the passengers inside its car above those around it and to avoid a crash has to swerve out of its lane of traffic. On one side of that car is a motorcyclist and on the other is a concrete barrier. A human might make the choice to hit the barrier because even though they might get hurt they probably won’t die where the motorcyclist might if they were hit by a car even though the person in the car won’t be harmed that way. We do this because we care about the safety of more than just ourselves. Would an AI do the same or would it’s inability to empathize mean it would run over the motorcyclist to prevent injury to the passengers in the car?”
He wasn’t sure why he did it. It could be because he was lonely. He hadn’t had a real relationship in over a year now and he wasn’t much one for one night stands. He had a right hand that worked perfectly fine thank you very much and there were no awkward conversations with it when it was over.
Steve couldn’t stop the big smile taking over his face as he looked up the book in the library system and wrote down the call number. Handing the paper back, Steve gave a smirk.
“Fuck yes,” Tony hissed out. “Want to bury myself deep in your throat. Fuck you ‘til you you can’t talk the next day.”
“Good afternoon Tony,” Steve greeted, a matching smile on his face to see the man again.
On the side of the stall was a message written in sharpie ‘for a good time call Tony’ followed by a number. This wasn’t the first time that Steve had ever encountered a message like that written on the stall of a public bathroom. It was probably just some random person playing a prank on a friend of theirs. That was one of the best case scenarios that Steve could think of. One of the worst cases was a bitter ex trying to get people to harass their previous partner.
When Steve finished up with his current patron he looked up to invite the next one up to the desk and caught Tony’s eye from where he was waiting in line. Steve’s eyes widened in surprised pleasure before turning to give the next guest his full attention. Just because he was excited to see that Tony had come back didn’t mean that he could give any less than his best service to each patron. He wanted to make sure that people had a good experience with the library and continued to come back and use the services that the library strove to provide to the community.
Behind him someone cleared their throat pointedly and Tony turned his head to see an older gentleman standing there, frowning and tapping his foot against the floor. Tony raised an eyebrow at the man waiting his turn very impatiently. Clearly and deliberately Tony turned his back on him to look back at Steve on the other side of the desk.
“Like you couldn’t imagine,” Steve replied honestly as he took the book and started returning it into the system. “How goes the research?”
Tony just shrugged and used the buoyancy of the water to jump up into Steve’s arms, wrapping his legs around Steve’s waist and clinging like a barnacle. Steve rolled with the motion and let his hands drift down until they were palming and groping Tony’s perky ass, letting a finger dip in occasionally to brush against the furled hole between Tony’s cheeks.
That of course didn’t eliminate the fact that Tony might lose track of time and forget to turn in the book thus making it overdue and meaning Steve wouldn’t get to see him today. What had started off as some light flirting had grown into a desire to see more of Tony and to get to know him better. As the day went on and the library got busier with students coming in to cram for midterms and toddlers coming for story time, Steve wasn’t able to watch the door as diligently as he had been doing earlier in the day.
‘I don’t know
‘Perhaps you are simply being overly paranoid,’ he suggests.
Not helpful with trying to work out where they are. Unless the team can find an Eva who makes excellent stew and dumplings.
‘That’s because Pete stayed the night at Ned’s and Wanda isn’t up yet. She and Vision went out for dinner last night and didn’t get back until late,’ Tony laughs.
‘AC/DC too loud?’ she smirks. ‘Obviously you didn’t have Peter in the room when you were testing them.’
Peter nods then smiles at him. ‘Thanks Mr-’ he stops himself with a sheepish smile. ‘Thanks, Sam.’
He points to another picture. ‘Now this is your Aunty Natasha, and she’s my Mommy Spider. Now the only problem is that she’ll never let you have a boyfriend because she’ll be way too protective of you, plus she’ll send anyone running with her glare, that glare is a super power all by itself. Actually you know what?
-Relax, Barnes. I have formed a temporary connection so that I can more easily assess you, this means I can communicate with you telepathically and means I only need to concentrate on one place. The mind is more complex than you could begin to comprehend, even yours.-
That’s when Thanos appears. ‘You will not take the stones from me!’ he roars, heading towards Tony, who is still kneeling, fighting off the power from the stones that are coursing through his suit.
he thinks to himself, missing the comforting weight of his daggers as he forms an ice weapon at the end of each arm,
Steve nods. ‘Peter?’
Strange turns to look back at the glowing circle, another man is stood there, face unreadable. ‘In my defence I inherited the list from
Tony can feel the headache pressing against the back of his eyes by the time he finally makes it to his room and has to resist the urge to fall face first onto his bed, knowing it would only make his chest hurt. Instead he settles for sitting down and then laying on his side, staring out of his window at the night sky and wondering if it could give him any answers.
‘Do you really think Peter’s spidey-senses would let him be around you so much if you were that dangerous?’ Steve argues.
‘You still want to give it a go.’
‘She is,’ she nods, ‘Strange agreed it was safe and probably for the best. Besides they aren’t going to be that far from the Sanctum so he’ll be able to help should they need anything.’
‘Wanda tripped me up so I couldn’t beat Sam in the race,’ Steve explains, still pouting, ‘and Natasha-’
She attempts to smile, but it doesn’t quite reach her eyes.
Love always,
‘I’d feel better if we checked in with them, maybe Tony’s been able to get the comms working?’
‘I’ll tell Happy the same,’ Tony says, voice quiet. ‘And I’ll try and get hold of Pete.’
‘I feel the title “Unsung Heroes” is apt for this group of guests, as well as the many people you work with. I know when I had my accident that left me unable to walk without the help of these mechanical braces, the real heroes that day were the medical staff who took me from the field and then cared for me in hospital, and the countless staff that then aided in my recovery in the months and years that have followed.
Bucky grins. ‘Then you should have left the insult out of the compliment.’
‘How can you say this when you didn’t even know her?’ Nebula demands.
‘None taken,’ Vision says with a shake of his head. ‘Though I do wonder if we could invent the technology that would enable me to taste.’
‘In her letter Aunt Peggy said she gave it to me because I’d know who was best to inherit it,’ he explains. ‘When I first gave it to her I apparently told Mom I was giving it to her because, and I quote, “Aunt Peggy knows how to use a weapon properly”. She said she didn’t realise until much later what those words meant, and how it meant she knew I’d be different to Dad. So she said she left it to me to give to someone who knew how to use it.’
‘Actually,’ Tony looks at the trickster. ‘That’s not a bad idea.’
‘And Peter and Wade? Even Peter’s healing rate hasn’t managed to get through all of his injuries yet. Wade’s been so quiet since facing that shapeshifter I’m starting to think they found a way to permanently remove his tongue.’
‘I really wish I didn’t have to walk out at that moment,’ Bucky grumbles.
Nick nods. ‘We’ll also ensure not one single person has access to all the information within the organisation, hence the suggestion for a leadership team.’
The alien just laughs at him. ‘And what would you know of our Order, Jotun?’
‘I can just imagine what Strange would say if he was here to hear that,’ Tony rolls his eyes.
‘We could rename me Headpool,’ Wade suggests.
‘He sounds like you,’ Morgan giggles to Peter. Beside her Steve smiles at Tony.
‘Perhaps this event you speak of will solve your issue with the Hulk not always being willing to come out,’ Thor laughs from the sofa.
Natasha sighs. ‘They’ve gone to have a break for a few days, we sorted them out with a hotel in New York. Far enough away for it to be a break, but close enough that we’re on hand if they need anything.’
‘Even I’m not rich enough to do that with you in this kind of mood,’ the inventor laughs.
‘Hey, Mr Stark? This room is really familiar,’ he says, standing up.
‘Uh, yeah… you too?’
Peter appears to consider the question, a small frown on his face that Steve knows is him trying to work out the best way to phrase what he wants to say. ‘I said at the beginning I chose him because, without him, Captain America wouldn’t be the person we know today and, honestly, I don’t think the Avengers would be either. As to why his story appealed to me?’ He pauses again to think. ‘I guess it’s because… because he meant so much to someone as a friend that they weren’t willing to give up on him, no matter what anyone else told them or what they saw. He’d been… he’d been broken by HYDRA, he’s had so much hatred directed at him from the media, and yet there are still people who are willing to stand by him. Not just Captain America, but the whole team. I suppose what I’m trying to say is: his story just proves that, even if you screw up or you end up in situations where you do something you don’t really want to, the people that are important to you can still forgive you and still accept you.’
‘You really think we need this much?’ he asks, looking at what seems to be industrial sized mixing bowls.
‘Clint, he’s good,’ Natasha’s voice cuts across the argument.
‘Tony-’
‘I love you,’ Tony whispers, gripping Steve’s hand tight. Then he realises what he’s said and his eyes go wide, searching Steve’s expression with a knot of unease in his stomach. He’s been biting back those words so much, scared of moving too fast and scaring Steve off. Scared of admitting to how he’s feeling since it’d never gone well in the past. He’s not said those words since he was a child, never said them to Pepper.
‘So when’s the wedding?’ Bucky interrupts, laughing as both of them turn glares on him. ‘Anyway I thought we were supposed to be listening to Spider-Man’s report?’
‘The public tends to refer to that incident as the Avengers ‘Civil War’ in the media,’ Vision supplies.
‘Don’t hurt her,’ he pleads.
‘I’m coming,’ Peter cuts across whatever Natasha is about to respond with.
‘I might be about to do something crazy,’ Tony admits.
‘Alright I’m stopping you right there,’ Tony gives him a small shake, to prove his point. ‘Peter why do you think I insist you finish school when you could just work at Stark Industries if you wanted to earn some money?’
‘If Thanos is moving for the stones then we need to help,’ Gamora argues.
‘Am I not allowed to try and liven things up with a few jokes?’
‘Ok, what was in the bottle you drank?’
‘I’ll never help you again,’ she pants; the skin on her hands is grey and spotted, and papery thin. Her next ball of energy hits the wall behind Agatha and that’s the last she has to give. She hangs, exhausted, in front of the crowing older woman.
Loki laughs. ­
Even before Ultron and his rapid exit from Earth Bruce has avoided the training room. Anything that might accidentally bring out the Other Guy is always a good thing to avoid and, unfortunately, his teammates pranking antics during training have always been high on the list of things to avoid.
‘Let me know if there’s anything else you need.’
‘Not a word, Tony,’ Loki points his fork threateningly at the inventor. ‘Not a single word.’
The inventor’s eyes go wide. ‘Rhodey you wouldn’t.’ At the hard stare he receives in reply he sighs. ‘Ok maybe you would.’
Only two more chapters to go before we reach the end of the first instalment. I hope you're still enjoying the journey and are intending to continue through the series!
Peter huffs. ‘I’m just…’
Wade frowns at him. ‘I told you: it’s a lab HYDRA were using, looks like they’re trying to pull the same shit they did to me.’
He’s just got too much
‘You got a point to all this doom and gloom, Wilson?’ Rhodes snarls.
Steve looks up and gets his answer. ‘Shit,’ he curses.
‘Bucky getting healed is hilarious?’
‘He’d been to the doctor not long before,’ May admits, pushing a strand of hair from his eyes. ‘He’d just been diagnosed with terminal cancer. He didn’t have long left anyway, Peter. If anything he’d have been glad to go whilst still on the job, rather than wasting away in a bed.’
‘We are,’ he cuts him off, ‘together.’
‘Then get one.’
looks. ‘You two seem be getting along really well.’
going to have to introduce us eventually.’
First off I am so sorry to everyone who has commented and I haven't yet responded to, I'm making it my top priority this weekend so should hopefully get round to at least some of you by then. I really do appreciate you all taking the time to leave a comment about the story and feel terrible that I haven't yet got round to responding to you all.
‘I do,’ she reassures her. ‘I really do. Once we’ve got the Wakandan Accords settled I’m giving Tony the mission to throw the best party the Avengers have ever been to.’
I know what you’re all thinking: oh Wade you’re so wonderful! Volunteering to help save all those people that the horrible Francis has got in his clutches. You really are a hero!
what I plan to find out. First things first, though, I’m transferring you to my private room and taking on all of your medical care so we can get this sorted. My personal doctor, well I say doctor he’s more a personal friend who ended up becoming a doctor and is the only one who can get me to actually have any form of medical treatment. He’s actually a brain surgeon.’
‘So mean to me, Baby Boy,’ Wade pouts again, then he reaches up and pushes his mask up to his nose.
Tony groans. ‘Uh, yeah it was Peggy’s nickname for me. My middle is Edward and she gave it to me, so she used to call me Teddy when I was little. I’m so glad she stopped it as I grew up. Uncle Gabe died before she stopped so he rarely called me Tony.
‘Just promise me you’ll be careful Tony,’ Pepper looks worried.
on the team had mentioned it…’ he trails off unsure how to voice the fear that had been lurking in his head since Mr Harris’ announcement.
‘Pretty sure it was already dark when we came in,’ Wade chimes in.
‘He’s fine!’ the man says. ‘Well he’s going to have a killer headache when he wakes up, but other than that he’s fine. Do you not trust me baby boy?’
He’s more worried about himself right now.
The team exchange looks and Peter tries to keep his hands from trembling as he feels his anger rising.
‘Hey!’ Peter bounds over to them. ‘Doctor Strange loved his book, Loki, though he wouldn’t tell me what it was about.’
‘I’ll fix it and I’ll get them home. You two focus on keeping what’s left of this team training, alright?’ Tony says, clinking his glass with theirs.
. How bad is it for me?’
‘We should head back in,’ the soldier says.
‘I haven’t set a kitchen on fire in years!’
‘Uh, shouldn’t we….never mind,’ Peter cuts himself off as the army hits the previously invisible shield. ‘That is SO cool. Can we get one for the facility?’
‘Aww, bird brain’s getting tired,’ Bucky teases.
Peter enters the restaurant and looks around the few occupants. At the back he sees a very familiar looking profile, hunched over with a hood drawn up. Trying his best to ignore the butterflies currently taking residence in his stomach, Peter makes his way to the back and takes a seat opposite, smiling at the tacos on the table top.
‘Well that obviously hasn’t gone as well as we thought,’ Tony laughs bitterly. After a beat he looks back at her. ‘Thank you. For not telling anyone.’
‘Looks like he’s shamed them into silence,’ Ned mutters as it takes about twenty seconds for anyone to brave another question.
enough are you?’ Ross snaps. ‘And you expect me to believe there’s no one else you can recruit?’
‘No, it wouldn’t,’ Peter chimes in, ‘you’d get distracted by something.’
‘I’m sure we can find something to treat it with so that it’ll last a long time,’ Steve adds. ‘Tony, Bruce, Peter and Loki between them can come up with something I’m sure.’
‘Get it in, Clint,’ comes the reply.
‘Hey now-’
‘How’s your head feeling?’ Steve asks, coming up and checking him over.
‘Because it’s more fun if they’re different shapes,’ she replies.
‘Could be in a theme park,’ Wade suggests. ‘What? They could!’ He adds at everyone’s questioning looks.
you had hydrophobia, and Rhodey thought you’d managed to get it under control-’
‘Sam literally
‘Please drop all these titles and just call us all by our first names. You do know it’d make Tony’s life if you did right?’
The majority of the morning is spent unwrapping presents. Despite there being several grumbles at the early morning wake up calls, everyone is upstairs and ready within the hour. It definitely helped that everyone was greeted with their favourite hot drink by Wanda when they appeared.
‘Consider this your interview,’ Peter laughs as the two men get into the car and pull away. ‘Think you can keep up or do you need a lift?’
‘Wade Wilson,’ Bucky is the first to catch sight of them and Peter feels his stomach plummeting to his feet. ‘Long time no see. Last I saw you was in Brazil if I remember correctly. Nearly cost me my other arm.’
‘When she pulled that trick on me every time I called her that,’ Peter admits, then leaps to the ceiling to avoid the swipe from the metal arm.
‘Vision and Wanda have gone out for a coffee and some peace and quiet. Rhodey and Sam said something about trying out some air manoeuvres.’
‘Come on,’ he says, breaking the embrace and taking Wade’s hand, ‘whatever it is we can face it together. Like always?’
He manages to pay attention just in time to see the ball come hurtling towards his face, this time directed from Natasha’s kick. He sends a repulsor blast at it and it goes flying to the right; Bucky quickly takes off in pursuit, Sam close on his heels. The metal-armed man is the first one to reach it, but it goes sailing into the air again, courtesy of Wanda, and makes its way back towards the rest of the field.
‘Only if you stay here,’ he mumbles.
Peter laughs and introduces Wanda to the barman. ‘You often let underage people in here?’ she asks him.
‘Do you think we should go check on him?’
‘Ah,’ the doctor looks uncomfortable, ‘I, uh…’
The team are forced to be spectators as their youngest member faces his newest enemy, and plans are made to regroup.
‘It smells great Mr Stark,’ Peter says, appearing in the doorway. ‘Is there anything I can do to help?’
‘Dude you so should have dressed up.’
‘He nearly put me through the window!’
He turns around to look at the mercenary, not entirely sure he’s heard correctly. ‘Did you just offer me
A/N: Hi everyone! So here's the second part of this week's December double update. I hope you enjoyed it! We've got a bit of Stony coming up, even if it does end with an argument. And a bit of the WinterIron I had requested when I first started posting this story.
Tony muses. ‘You know,’ he tries not to laugh as Steve opens one eye to look at him with a mixture of intrigue and trepidations, he knows he’s using his I’ve-been-plotting tone (as Peter had named it), ‘I did have an idea that I was going to run past you at some point.’
‘Aye aye, sir,’ Wade says with a salute. Tony notices the man getting distracted by his own thoughts a little more as they finish the washing up, but doesn’t comment. He just hopes Mama was right in her assessment of the man.
‘Nothing!’ he shouts and ends up colliding with a body just coming through the door.
‘Tony,’ the quiet voice of Vision next to him has him turn around. The humanoid simply shakes his head and Tony pauses, feeling some of the red haze falling from his mind.
,’ he hisses, looking around the people around them. ‘I’m not- I mean we’re- but you know it’s more of a-’
Peter and Wade catch up on information, then have trouble deciding if they're on a date or not.
me you wanted some that had different functions. It’s basically the same thing I did for Clint on his quiver.’
‘Nice,’ he comments, putting his bags in the trunk.
‘He told you that?’
‘Yeah like you aren’t going to give me some big lecture on not pissing people off,’ he grumbles.
Peter goes bright red. ‘I don’t know… but I wasn’t going to wait a year to get another one from him.’ He groans and puts his head in his hands. ‘You’re turning me into a teenage girl. Stop it!’
“This one is in a slightly different section of the library than the other two were. I assume that you need help finding this one as well?” he asked even as he waved over some extra help to the desk.
“Happy that I can deliver that. You aren’t so bad looking yourself,” Steve complimented.
“Yeah, you’d take it so good wouldn’t you Tony. I’d fuck you until you couldn’t walk the next day. You’d still be feeling me days later. I’d ruin you for every other cock. Come on Tony. Come for me. Come for my cock,” Steve growled out the order, his dirty talk suffering as most of his blood traveled south to his dick instead of his brain.
Steve had just finished getting a stack of books checked in and organized on a cart to back out onto the shelves when a man approached the desk. The man was almost a head shorter than Steve himself with a mop of messy brown hair that Steve just wanted to run his fingers through to put into some kind of order. That was the only reason really. It had nothing at all to do with wanting to find out if it really was a silky soft as it looked.
“Oh no, you’re totally going into my contact list as Hot Cock. It’s a done deal. Your name is just so I know what to shout out when I finish,” Tony said back with an air of confidence that Steve knew he had no chance of talking him out of it.
“Something wrong?” Tony asked. “Is your magic trick of pulling a book off the shelf without looking not working? Are you a mere mortal like the rest of us who has trouble finding a single book among all the thousands around instead of being some omniscient library God that can find a single page of the most random book with your eyes closed?”
Once Steve had the book checked out to Tony and had handed back his library card the mood seemed to fall. There was no further reason for Tony to stay and continue to talk to Steve while Steve was trying to work. Tony almost seemed reluctant to leave but knew he couldn’t hold the other man up from his job and as much as Steve wanted to urge Tony to stay, he did have work that he needed to get done.
As they made their way through the maze of shelves Steve didn’t even have to look as he drew to a stop and easily plucked the book in question off the shelf with barely a glance and handed it over to the man. The man took it and smiled though without looking at the book in his hands.
Steve huffed out a laugh but relaxed further into the bed. Focusing only on the reason for the call in the first place was something that he could do. It was all about living out this one time fantasy and getting off to a well hung stranger that promised a good time and was so far living up to that promise.
“I’m glad to hear it. I’m looking for this book to help me write my thesis for school,” the man said, holding out a piece of paper which Steve took.
Steve couldn’t stop himself from taking the opening and gesturing to the stacks around them. “Well you’ve certainly come to the right place.”
Steve groaned and had to squeeze at the base of his dick to keep from shooting off right then and there reading those words. It was everything that he could have possibly wanted when he sent that text and everything that he was just as certain that he wouldn’t have received. He knew, deep down, just how creepy his text could and should have come across and yet somehow this Tony on the other end was responding in kind back to him. It was like a wet dream come true.
Steve groaned, swallowing hard. He could almost feel that cock deep in his throat stretching him open until he’d be hoarse the next day. Knowing it was because he had gotten the chance to taste that cock and make the other man feel incredible would make it totally worth the sore throat the next day.
“I suppose I never gave it much thought outside of films like The Matrix or Terminator,” Steve admitted. “Are you telling me that Skynet isn’t too far away into our future?”
It was just supposed to be a quick rest stop. A bathroom break to answer the call of nature after hours of driving cross country. It was supposed to be barely a blip on the map in the course of Steve’s life but in the end it turned out to be so very much more.
Their arousal grew slow but sure, heating up until they couldn’t hold back any longer. Tony was the first one to fall into pleasure with the added stimulation from Steve’s hands on his ass. They rocked together prolonging Tony’s orgasm and sending Steve into his own after a few more desperate thrusts.
Given all of that Steve had always ignored those messages. He thought they were juvenile and not worth the time it would take to think about them. This time was different though. This time he saved the number in his contacts before getting back on his motorcycle and continuing to drive on.
“Don’t you know it,” Tony teased back. “However would I find my way around here without you to lead the way. I might get lost and then you’d feel bad when they eventually find my body, withered away in the furthest reaches of the library when you go to reshelve your books.”
“There you go ... Tony,” Steve said, glancing down at the name on the library card. “Good luck with your thesis. Please let me know if there is anything else that you need from the library to help you be successful.”
Steve felt his face flush slightly and hoped that it wasn’t enough for the other man to notice. “Yes I can help you with that back at the desk,” he said before leading the way back to the circulation desk.
Steve took the paper and immediately began searching through the computer catalogue for the book that Tony was looking for. “Yes we do have that one in right now. I can write the call number down for you if you’d like. It’s in the same section that the previous book was in so that should help.”
, Steve wrote back.
“It’s going. I’ve got some good headway going but there is still so much more in the field to learn,” Tony said, yearning for that future knowledge clear in his voice.
“Name’s Steve,” he said over the phone as he got his hand going again on his cock. “I guess it’s fair to tell you since your name was on the bathroom wall with your number and I wouldn’t want to have you at a disadvantage. That and while Hot Cock might be flattering and accurate, it’s not the most charming name out there.”
Coming out from around the side of the desk Steve started leading the man through the library to the shelf where the book he was looking for would be found. As they walked Steve thought about if he wanted to encourage the man’s flirting or not. It had been a while since he’d met anyone new that showed any interest in him after they knew about his work in a library. Sure he had gotten more than a few looks while outside the library given his broad shoulders and large muscles but once they found out that he was in reality a fairly quiet bookworm their interest died off almost immediately. This guy knew where he worked and could reasonably assume that Steve enjoyed reading and still flirted with him.
Tony shook his head rapidly for a moment before turning his attention back to Steve and taking the book in question from him. “Sorry about that. Sometimes I get lost in my own head.”
Tony nodded his agreement to show that he was listening and acknowledging what Steve had to say.
Steve shook his head and reached for the book on the counter between them. “Don’t worry, helping patrons find the books that they need is part of my job. I wouldn’t judge someone for needing that help. Are you returning this book or renewing it for another week?”
The next time Steve’s phone lit up it wasn’t with a text message. Instead it was an incoming call from the man he had been sexting. That acted as a bit of cold water to his erection. It was one thing to text a man he didn’t know pictures of his dick to get off to but quite another to actually talk to him.
The original huff of laughter turned into a full blown chuckle. It was kind of nice in Steve’s opinion to not only get off but to have fun doing it. He had always figured if you weren’t having fun with your partner than you should get a better one.
Steve had rolled his eyes at Tony’s ridiculousness but had easily complied. Thor had followed suit and taken some of Nat’s gear announcing that Steve could not be the only gracious gentleman of the group. Clint had given Bruce a sidelong look with an eyebrow wiggle in a silent request but Bruce merely rolled his eyes and carried his own gear leaving Clint to carry his own belongings.
