After they eat breakfast, and they're just sitting at the table, Cas brings up the subject of kink negotiations. The negotiations involve a contract and ten billion questions. Dean's mind is kind of blown. Cas is his boyfriend, but he wants to do this contractual BDSM thing with him too. He guesses it makes sense. That will keep their playing safe, and Dean won't have to worry about Cas not knowing his limits or pushing too far.
Castiel turns to Sam who looks shaken but mostly composed. "Can you go inside and have Cain send some of his guards out, please? And call the police? Tell them we have a wanted man here who assaulted innocent people."
, he thinks wickedly with a bright smile. He pulls the plug almost out, rubbing the tip around Dean's clenching rim. He angles it towards Dean's naval and slides it back in torturously slow, holding the buzzing device against Dean's prostate. His cock is practically weeping at this point, but Castiel doesn't stop jerking him off. If anything, he slows down and starts making Dean really feel it. Lord, he loves this.
"Cas, come on! Let's just go. There's nothing here." Cas turned to look at him with sad eyes. "Alright." He put the coat (blue and thigh length with a green cord-
“That feels so good. Yessss.” The pleasure overwhelms him and Castiel has to, regrettably, let go of Dean’s cock for a moment. It’s been so long since he’s done this. He wants to savor it but, God, how can he when lightning is rushing through him and scrambling his brain?
P.S. These new chapters have been run through editing services and I try my best to catch mistakes but I'm churning them out quick (for me) so if you see grammar/spelling mistakes my bad!!! You're welcome to point them out, but I am a sensitive bean, so please be kind.
to that other sentence, but he caught himself. It wasn't needed anyway, based on Cas's face. He's lit up. The smile is small, but it's bright and genuine. He walks around the counter and hugs Dean from behind, and his warm breath ghosts across the side of Dean's neck, his nose nuzzling into his hair.
. Cas is here. Why is Cas here? Is something wrong? What if- Stop it! He mentally shouts at himself.
It's their contract. The one for limits and kinks. Who woulda thought kinky sex discussions over breakfast would be so popular?
The messages are the first thing Dean sees when he wakes up, and it makes him smile. He never thought he'd be such a sap for a guy that he met a couple of days ago. It feels right, though, so he doesn't give a damn. Dean rolls over onto his back, phone in hand, and the blankets bunched around his bare abdomen. Sunlight is filtering in through the curtains, and he feels good in the sleepy subdued way. He texts Cas back, hoping for a prompt response.
He hadn't meant to ramble like that. Dean hadn't told anyone such personal stuff in a long time. Benny was the only person alive, minus one demon, who knew that shit about him. And Crowley didn't count, he was an asshole, and Dean hadn't told him that stuff, he'd dug around in his head for it. He looked over at Cas and his bright blue eyes were shining. He didn't want pity, it was fine. Shit. He shouldn't have said anything. "You said your father fought in the War. Which one are you referring to?"
"What a naughty mouth." Castiel chuckles, "Cum for me, baby boy. I want to paint you with your cum. Come on.
He ignored it and groaned out a yes. He was going to make Cas do the work. Might as well get plenty of fantasy fodder for later. He completely didn't notice the little "just in case" behind that sentence. No, he did not. His thoughts stuttered to a stop when Cas's long fingers fumbled at his zipper then explored his boxer clothed cock. That didn't last long either, and after a few moments, he was pulling Dean's penis out through the opening in his boxers. The skin on skin contact had him groaning loudly without a care in the world. Cas was obviously inexperienced but it didn't matter at all. His grip was tight and pre-come was slicking the way for his palm to slide over his erection easily. It wasn't quite enough, but the friction was awesome and nobody would hear Dean complaining.
He reached the heavy metal door at the end of the hallway, Cas right behind him, and typed in the four number keycode to open the door without the alarm going off. He pushed the door open effortlessly and stepped out into the, thankfully, dim sunshine, blocking Cas's view of outside in the process. He was in the shadow of the building but he could still feel his skin start to tingle at being outside during the day. There was his Baby. She was parked between the back of the hotel and the sooty brick of an apartment building right next to it. It had been a tight fit, but Dean had had plenty of practice maneuvering Baby into places she probably shouldn't be.
Dean nods shyly, splaying his hands across Cas's abdomen. "What a good boy you are. So thoughtful and sweet, preparing everything."
"I dunno. I like fixing up cars, but after a while, it's a little tedious. After a couple of years, it got to be the equivalent of pushing papers in an office. I'd rather slam a stapler into my forehead for a living than do that, so I really only work on specialty cars now. The oldies. Antique cars are where it's at."
Dean hesitates before knocking on Cas's door, fist raised awkwardly. He knocks quietly, almost like he doesn't want Cas to hear it. Unfortunately for him, Dean does want Cas to answer the door, so Dean has to knock again. He's just nervous. Cas said that he's more than welcome to come in, but Dean didn't tell Cas he was coming or anything else.
“That’s more than fine. I understand… I don’t know how to word this properly, so bear with me,” Castiel takes a deep breath, “We need a new system, I think. No more contract, no more skipping work, or letting things slide. We need boundaries.”
Dean narrows his eyes at both of them before shaking his head. The tension radiating off him is thick enough to be cut with a knife. Castiel wishes he could soothe him, but he's not sure of boundaries here in this space - not with Dean's little brother, and his previous partner in the room. He settles for rubbing the back of Dean's neck as calmly as he can.
Cas grins, and he looks something like a manic cat, Dean decides. Cas leans forward until his lips are almost touching Dean's ear and grates, "Don't ask stupid questions."
Dean just nods, not trusting his voice. He can't believe he already screwed up, and they haven't even started yet.
Dean looks apologetically over at the client. Mr. Zedenheimer just smiles indulgently. Dean gets the fluttery feeling again, a niggling that tells him he's already got the job. He spends the next few minutes examining the engine and explaining out loud as he goes. Dean can feel the old excitement pouring through him.
"He came home, stumbling inside, yelling and asking where we were. I had been putting Sam to bed but I went down the stairs to see what all the fuss was about. I told Sammy,
After Dr. Bradbury began suggesting therapy and whatnot, she'd shoved about a thousand brochures into his hands and wished him luck. After he's home, he places them on top of his microwave and promptly decides to ignore them. He knows she was right, but he just wanted the medicine to work enough for him to function.
At least this time it had been a relatively happy memory. It hadn't exactly been Brady Bunch level happy, but it had been enough at the time. Sam had been eight at the time, and Dean twelve. That had been the first time he'd met Benny, but it certianly wouldn't be the last. The guy had kept showing up over and over again until Dean had finally questioned him about it.
Just the idea of feeding Dean his own cum makes his dick twitch in interest. He laps up the last of it and coats his tongue with the sticky, now-cool cum, and kisses Dean deeply, reveling in him as he licks it off the muscle. He groans into Dean's mouth when his hands come up to grip Castiel's hair and drag him closer. Fuck. He pulls away and presses their foreheads together, panting.
He's shocked to find an envelope tacked to his door a day after he sent his letter. He's really going to have to get a camera or something so he can see who keeps sending these. Maybe he'd get his answer this time. He pulls out the familiar paper and reads it as the coffee maker brews and fills the kitchen with its delicious scent.
Castiel rubs his hands over his stubbled face and sighs heavily. Meeting the parents is supposed to be a momentous occasion. You dress up for it, put your best foot forward, and wear a brave face. You don’t get punched in the face. Castiel had been happy to do that, not just for Dean but Sam too. The eldest Winchester had deserved that, and more. But since he’d come around, his and Dean’s perfectly weird relationship had changed into something that they weren’t prepared for. It wasn’t even Dean’s fault. It was just emotional fallout on both their parts.
Something hit him again and agony exploded on his right ear and he collapsed onto his side, trying to yell. The word seemed to grate in his throat. "Dea-" He tried to scream then something slammed into his throat, completely smashing his airway and he nearly lost consciousness. His vision was blurry and dark spots were forming. He weakly turned his head to the side and saw someone very large down at the end of the hallway, and caught a glimpse of Dean's bowlegs from in between the giant's. Oh no. Dean. He had to- He saw grey shoes in the corner of his vision, but mostly all he saw was the floor. Maybe the owner of the grey shoes had attacked him? He wasn't... sure. Thoughts were coming harder now. Where was...? Who had he been thinking of? Oh. Dean. Dean. Where was D- The blackness overtook him and he fell unconscious.
back on the rack and followed Dean out of the store obediently. They finally escape the mall and Dean breathes a sigh of relief when he sits down in Baby. There's a laundry list of things that are awesome, primarily no more people, no more stupid coats. The passenger door opens and shuts as Cas settles into the seat beside him. Dean mentally adds one thing to his list he had going. One disappointed boyfriend. Check.
. Dean's pliant under Castiel's rope; restricted and displayed. The sight has his blood boiling. He can hardly believe this is real. Castiel reaches his hand out and rubs it up Dean's inner thigh, enjoying the way his legs quiver when he does. Dean is so desperate to be touched right now, and all Castiel wants to do is touch. Touch, explore, test, learn, adventure.
"Yes. Please, Sir. Please." Cas drags his fingers over the thin skin on Dean's throat, fluttering, barely touching, moving up over his chin to run across his parted lips. "What would you like me to do, sweet boy?"
"That's right, Dean. Very good. And you give me those things," Castiel kisses Dean's temple lightly, "You're perfect for me, Dean. I love that you're so open and honest. That you're so trusting of me. That you're vulnerable with me. It's beautiful to witness, and I consider myself lucky to see it," He says honestly, and he loves Dean's little intake of breath.
Cas starts stroking him with purpose, and he jerks Dean by the rope back onto his cock at the same time he thrusts forward, making him hit
As always, please comment and tell me your thoughts. I read and love every single one of them, and really they're the best thing ever for me.
His phone rings shrilly, making him jump. Dean answers it tiredly. He doesn't feel like talking, but he wants to hear Cas's voice.
Everything happens for a reason, and he's going to milk this experience for all it's worth. Even if Dean decides he doesn't want Castiel, Cas will be thankful for the time he got to spend with him. He really hopes they get to play later so he can add that to his memories. He wants to bring Dean pleasure in so many ways. He's been dreaming about it, sleeping and while awake. He bites his lip as he thinks. Keeping his self-control in place might prove to be
At Cain's, it only takes a few minutes for Sam to get his stuff and come back out to the car. Dean doesn't miss the sideways look that Sam casts the door, though. Something is going on there, but Dean isn't sure he wants to think about it. The drive back to Dean's house is punctuated only by the ZZ Top cassette he’s playing. The relative silence is nice, and Dean lets it fill him.
Dean laughs at his dry tone, and any residual tension from Dean's emo thing dissolves away. He feels lighter now and more at ease. Dean leans forward and hugs Cas again, breathing in the smell of his laundry detergent and the soap Castiel used in the bath last night. The memory of the bath and what they did right before it has him swallowing around a lump in his throat as he pulls away again, their arms falling to their sides. That had been... an experience, to say the least.
"Not always." HIs hands tightened on the steering wheel without him thinking about it. Shit, he did not need to think about this right now. "Dean, may I slide over the seat to you?"
"How does it feel?" He rumbles softly, and Dean falls even more in love with him. Jesus. He answers as honestly as he possibly can.
They meet each other’s eyes cautiously like they’re both afraid the other will run away and disappear forever. Castiel is the first to speak.
"I want you to take me, Cas. I want to feel this when I sit down in my car tomorrow morning, and I want to think of you. Please, just fuck me already. Sir." Holy mother of heaven on high this man is perfect for him.
against him. It’s been so long since they’ve been intimate the size of it shocks him again. More than anything he wants it inside him.
"Definitely something to that effect," Dean mumbles, and Castiel can tell he's about to fall asleep. Castiel strokes Dean's hair softly.
Cas was standing right in front of him. How had that happened? Shit. Dean must've lost it for a minute. The thought scared him since that was a big thing for a vamp. To turn themselves off to the outside world with someone else in the room in an unprotected environment? That was a big deal. It put a lot of trust into the other person. Cas probably could've hurt Dean just then with him being unaware. "Are you okay?" Dean nodded. "Yeah, sorry. Just lost in thought for a minute. So... That was okay?" He gestured to the trash can and Cas nodded immediately. "Fine, Dean. I told you I don't mind." Dean just shook his head in surprise. "Dean, may I ask you a question?" Castiel asked lowly and took another step closer. Their chests were almost touching now and the eye gazing was intense. "Yeah, shoot."
It occurs to me after posting that I may not have been super clear. Cas does NOT sleep with Cain! He's merely there as a friend, and I'm hoping that comes through clearly, but if not, I didn't want to leave it ambiguous.
Dean's left alone. He looks in the mirror one last time. He looks pretty damn good. His black suit has bottle green accents and fits him like a glove because it was tailored for him. Cas's is a matching one except it has dark blue accents. Dean hears the piano music startup and he's ready now. He takes a deep breath and grasps the knob and pulls the door open. He gasps at what he sees. There, across the yard, Cas is waiting with a smirk on his face looking like a vision bathed in warm summer sunlight. Dean walks out to him with a little bit of awe and some confusion. Cas just smiles and they clasp their hands together. As they begin to walk up the aisle Cas murmurs softly in that deep, rumbling voice that Dean loves so much, "Don't look at me like that. As if I'm ever going to let you walk through any part of life alone, especially the part where we're beginning ours together. I love you, Dean."
"Such a dirty mouth. I love it but now is not the time. I want you to be still. I want you to feel every single inch of me as I slide into you, and when I bottom out, I want you to shudder around me from feeling so full of my cock. Be still, naughty boy, and let me take care of you. You need to be still."
"It's alright. Will you tell me what you did after you left my house?" It's not the best question in the world, but he needs to know if Dean's eaten anything. Or even drank anything since he left Castiel's house.
Castiel can’t remember being this broken in all of his adult life. He’s suffered breakups and personal setbacks, even professional ones, who hasn’t? But it’s never
"Well, I don't know what you want me to say. This is real. We're very real. No amount of people or things outside of us will change that."
He wished he had the courage to break away from it all like he wanted to but he didn't want to disappoint his mother, as much as he despised her. It was complicated and he chose not to think about it at this moment. It would only make his gradually worsening mood that much more intolerable. He and Zachariah were out now trying to convince store owners to close their establishments for Mardi Gras and not allow partygoers access. Castiel thought it was a ridiculous notion. These people fed their children and kept the bills paid with the huge amounts of money that came streaming in during the biggest party of the year.It was almost ludicrous to try to convince them that what they were doing was wrong, especially when Castiel didn't believe it was.
"My hand?" Dean understands as soon as the blunt tip of his cock slides over Dean's sloppy hole, and he groans a soft, "Ooh."
grocery shopping? Dean thinks about it as he chews, trying to remember. He honestly has no idea. He has been running himself ragged between the garage where he works as a mechanic and the gas station where he's an attendant. Add the fact that he's barely sleeping to that and what you get it a good case of C.R.S.S. Can't Remember Shit Syndrome. He's considering trying to find another job just so he can keep them afloat. There's a bar down the street looking for a bartender and granted, Dean's never made drinks, he's certainly had enough experience sitting on the other side of the counter to know what he's doing. He's been an absolute mess for the last few weeks. Hell, the last few months. Sammy has been staying with Bobby for three weeks now, which makes Dean feel awful. He has
It's a nice diner over on Seventh street. Castiel thanks the lucky stars that he's dressed appropriately. He doesn't have the patience to change clothes again. It feels as if he has a short fuse inside him, already ignited and burning low. He doesn't know where the nervous energy is coming from, but he doesn't like it. If he had time, he'd do some yoga or maybe meditate. Unfortunately, he's already going to be fashionably late, and he loathes it. Castiel hurries to the kitchen and grabs his keys off the hook, sliding his feet into his go-to shoes. He doesn't have the time to dig out the boots he'd rather wear. It doesn't matter anyway. Castiel is just being vain. He locks his front door and heads for the car before realizing that he left his phone on the kitchen counter.
He had to trust that Cas wouldn't leave. That Cas actually felt it. It certainly smelled like it. Cas's arms wrapped around his back and his nails scratched lightly against him, reminding Dean that he still hadn't said anything. He pulled away enough to look at Cas. His eyes were huge with uncertainty, and the blue was nameless, but it was deep and bright, and Dean thought it might be the most beautiful color he'd ever seen. He took a deep breath. He hadn't said these words in a long time. "I love you too, Cas." He breathed and saw Cas's eyes light up before he was enveloped by a long length of tan skin and silky black hair, a very happy Cas in his arms. Dean had thrown the phone so Cas couldn't really say anything right now but he didn't need to. Dean understood. He understood completely. Suddenly there was a mouth panting hot breath against his but Cas just sat there. "You don't have to ask for permission to kiss me, Cas."
"You want more, don't you?" Cas's voice is a little awed, "You're lovely like this. Just look at you." He murmurs, and if Dean's not already flushed, he most certainly is now. He didn't think Cas would be so damn sweet! The other clamp latches down, and now he's got both on. There's a small, thin chain connecting them and Cas pulls on them, making Dean jerk and arch into it as much he can. A click sounds, and suddenly the plug starts vibrating faster. Dean's mouth drops open in a silent pant.
"Thanks," Dean says and grabs Cas's hand as he leads them through the store. He spotted the clothes section on the way in (the store's not very big so it wasn't very hard to find) and that's where he's leading Cas. Cas's hand is strong and warm in his, and he likes it. He can't believe he let himself deny the want for so long, but he's thankful he finally grew a pair and fessed up to Cas. It had all worked out, thank Chuck.
Dean is beautiful in his playroom. He's gorgeous everywhere, but his submission is its own kind of beauty. Seeing him in this room, in this room where Castiel dominates, where he orders and controls, it's a heady rush that rivals that of even when he first began. Castiel watches with an admiring eye as Dean undresses. He finds it fascinating, his boy submitting to him. Castiel takes his shirt from him, folds it, and places it on the counter. Then he does the same with his pants. Dean's standing there in his boxers looking at Castiel, biting his lip.
To Dean's utter surprise, Cas blushes. "Ahh. His name was Cole. I was in seventh grade. He turned out to be an asshole in high school, but he wasn't a bad kisser to someone that had no experience. And never, ever, call me Casanova again. Just, no."
"Perhaps a new position then, if you're uncomfortable with this one? I believe I have an excellent suggestion or two." Then Cas frikken winks at him and goes and makes Dean laugh. Wow. He didn't figure this would be how his first time turned out, but it's great.
There's another click, and then the vibrator is moving back down his shaft, only to press against his taint. Dean arches up in his binds, trying to get away from the sensation, oh God, it feels so good. He whines even louder when Cas's hand comes up to cradle his balls. The vibrations increase on the dildo in his ass, and Dean feels like he's trembling apart, held together by only thin strands of yarn and trembling moans.
"You will have to excuse me, but..." He really didn't know what to say. "Proof then? That what you're looking for?"
Benny looks around too, with a small smile on his face. "Yeah, it's something for sure. Is there something specific bringing you by today, or should I just grab Dean for ya?"
"You're welcome here, of course, Dean. I'd love for you to stay. I do have some work I need to accomplish today but it's nothing major. I'd be able to complete it in a little over an hour with my laptop."
John scoffs, but like most bullies when they're confronted, he's scared. Castiel can see the fear in his beady eyes, and he feels nothing but pride. Cain's guards come out after a few moments and he gives them a brief rundown of the situation, letting them know that the police are on their way, then he jogs inside to search for Dean. He never thought that Dean would confront John, but he's never been more proud of him.
Sam starts laughing, and Dean grumbles as he picks up his burger. He takes a bite and groans into it extra obnoxiously just to spite Sam. The conversation is broken by various munching, but they manage to cover Sam's Stanford escapades or lack thereof. And they talk about Dean's newest project and Cas's job. Overall, it goes better than Dean was expecting it to, considering how everybody met.
Then it clicks, and Castiel opens his eyes. That's why. He's Dean's partner. Castiel wants Dean to talk to him and share everything, apparently, and since he hasn't Castiel feels rejected. Well... That seriously shouldn't have taken him half a day to figure out.
"Because when you walked in... I noticed this..." Castiel's hand reached out and laid flat against his chest. Dean gasps and tries to move backward but finds himself against the wall. He's trapped between Cas's warm
," Castiel says playfully, "You deserve another for how good you were. Do you see how beautiful you are, sweet boy? Hmm, Dean? Do you know what seeing you like this does to me? You light a fire to my blood," Castiel murmurs against the hollow of Dean's throat, sucking little bruises as he travels lower. His mouth finds one of Dean's abused nipples, and he keens loudly, hands coming up to bury in Castiel's hair. Castiel licks and nibbles and sucks. Soon Dean is squirming and thrusting his hips as best he can into Castiel's ministrations. The angle's not good enough for him to be able to stroke Dean's prostate. But he's quickly reducing him to a quivering mess anyway.
He pulls up into the parking lot of the body shop/garage, admiring the neatness of it. He's done his best to ignore the screeching of the engine, but he's very seriously considered taking more aspirin. The only thing that's stopped him is that he knows it's dangerous, and frankly, he appreciates his liver for the job it does, he'd just as well keep it healthy.
It really was. It felt like a woman's word. He wasn't trying to be sexist, but honestly, who called guys beautiful? He had definitely never been called that before.
John scoffs and laughs, taking another step towards them. "What, you think your little gay ass can take me, boy? I've dropped grown men like that," He snapped his fingers, "You think you're bad enough for me? For me? "
Dean blushes under Cas's scrutinizing eyes and ducks his head, "No... No, Sir. I - I wanted you to do it."
He steps forward and takes the other clamp off, laying them on the table, then coming back to Dean. He's twisting on his feet and humming a low tune that Castiel doesn't recognize. He takes Dean by the shoulders and rubs them soothingly.
He clamps Dean's right nipple with the metal, and Dean moans loudly. Castiel smiles. Good. That was just the reaction he was looking for.
"Oh, yes, you are." Castiel reaches over lightning-fast and begins to tickle Dean, his fingers wriggling up and down his sides and Dean begins laughing and pulling away, flopping on the bed like a fish out of water. "Stoppit! Cas, stop, oh my God! This isn't funny!" He giggles, "Stop!"
Dean pulls into Cas's driveway and shuts off the Impala. It's nearly dark - he got caught up in a project and forgot to call Cas to tell him, so he came here instead of going home. He hasn't spoken to Cas since lunch, and he sounded a bit off, but Dean's trying not to think about it. Cas has things going on outside of their relationship. A whole life built outside of Dean. So he's hoping it has nothing to do with him. He pulls his keys from his pocket as he climbs out of the car, and shuts the door. His eyes narrow as he looks up at the house. The lights are off. Cas's car isn't here, but the house shouldn't be dark. He always turns the lights on for Dean.
Music was the life force that ran the Quarter and many different kinds pumped from different stores and restaurants, it never ceased. It was one of the small blessings that made Castiel's life bearable. No matter where he was in New Orleans those wonderful sounds reminded him that there was life outside of his and that people were actually happy and living their lives like he would be able to one day. Maybe. If he could ever escape the iron grip of his tyrannical, abusive stepfather, and cruel mother. Shaking his head to dispel the dark thoughts he focused his mind on only the sounds of the busy street, completely ignoring Zachariah's incessantly grating voice in front of him.
Cas shakes his head, “Nope. His hair is too blond. And he’s three inches too short. Also, he doesn’t have this really sexy American drawl to his words that makes me shiver. And unfortunately, no bow legs. A shame, really. You’ve ruined me for everyone else.”
Regardless though, "Dean, you have no say in what I do." Dean arched his eyebrow, surprised by the challenge. Moving so fast that Castiel couldn't register it Dean swung his body over him and Castiel was suddenly pinned to the mattress. His hands were above his head and being held down at the wrists by Dean's inhuman strength. Dean's face was close and it was smiling a little cruelly.
Dean hadn't known what that meant until he'd looked it up, but he gets it now. He has no idea if bees are the same way. He moves forward a step and bends down to get a closer look. The bee's lying on its side, nearly completely still. He reaches a finger out and gently, very gently, touches the bee. She's soft, he finds. And he knows it's a female because Cas told him that honey bee workers are female. He's guessing this one was just out too long or something. He looks up at the sky, noting the growing clouds on the horizon. It might rain soon... Deciding he has to do something, he moves his cupped hand to the edge of the box. Goosebumps break out along his skin and race down his spine as he realizes what he's about to do. Very slowly, he pushes the little bee into his palm, just letting it lay exactly where it lands.
His eyes jolt open, and he looks around blearily. Shit, he fell back asleep. He grabs his phone off the dresser and sighs in relief when he sees that it's only been ten minutes since his alarm went off. Dean opens the message with a lazy smile when he sees that it's from Cas.
His eyes a bright vivid green that Castiel swears he has seen before. Surely he would remember if he had met a man like this. He was wearing a black jacket that didn't really look like leather, but it shone, and simple jeans. Several moments had passed where Castiel had just been staring. He realized he was being rude, and opened his mouth to speak when the man's hand tightened on his shoulder incrementally. It wasn't intimidating, it was actually rather nice, as odd as the sensation was, but Castiel wished he'd let go. He wasn't used to being touched in any kind of capacity, and this man's warm hand was making him uncomfortably aware of his body's response that was much too dramatic for a simple shoulder touch. "Yes? May I help you with something?"
"No, no, no. I mean yes, but not right now. I need to find Cas. Something's wrong, seriously. As much as I'd love to Oprah this thing and have a warm, sappy, family reunion, I need to find him. Because if Dad's here..."
"I'm - I didn't mean to push you into that if it isn't what you wanted. I mean, I did, but not like that - if-"
Dean realizes then that he can be reciprocating right now. Cas may have his hips on lockdown, but his hands are free. He reaches down and wraps his hand around Cas's cock and starts stroking. He's leaking precome heavily, and Dean's hand glides over his length. Cas moans loudly and fucks up into Dean's hand. He lets him continue for about thirty seconds before grabbing Dean's hand and placing it at the small of Dean's back.
Cas sighs and sits back on his heels, his hands falling to his thighs, and Dean's heart constricts a little. He didn't realize until this moment just how much he wants, no, he needs, Castiel to dispute that. He's the only one that ever has. Dean doesn't say it for attention or anything like that. He just didn't realize how much he relies on Cas to tell him he's wrong. That those things aren't real. His chest hurts. Cas believes... No. Dean can't. Dean pulls away from Cas, laying back on the bed and curling over onto his left side. He brings his knees up to his chest and rubs the knuckle of his thumb across his bottom lip. It's a leftover soothing mechanism from his childhood that he never grew out of.
(Thank you SO SO MUCH PetticoatedSwashbuckler for your endless support and reassurance on that front! I endeavor to be as helpful and amazing as you with these issues! Thank you for having so much patience with me. You do not know how dearly it is appreciated.)
Dean just smiles like a Miss America contestant who won a crown. He feels like he's on top of the world. "I love you too, Cas."
"Not necessarily. Dean, may I ask what the sudden interest in all of this is? You've never seemed so curious about it."
Castiel turned and made his way down the hallway until he reached the very end. He closed his fingers around the cold metal of the knob and turned it, pushing the door open. This had been his room once upon a time. Now it was painted pink and there were bunk beds with frilly bedspreads against the wall, and a dollhouse in the corner. He stared at it for a long moment before Dean cleared his throat awkwardly behind him.
God, he can't believe he gets to work on this beauty. After he's done with the initial inspection, the guy starts asking more about his qualifications. Dean's not upset about it this time. He'd be asking too if he was in the guy's shoes. Everything is smooth sailing, and by the time the guy leaves, Dean's on cloud nine. "Benny.
"I love you too. Oh God, keep doing that." Dean moans against Cas's neck. He's trying not to rock his hips too much, but God, it feels so good. It's concrete and perfect. Cas is here, they're real and vital, and alive. Everything is good. Dean's other hand balls into a fist as he tries to keep still. Cas's breath was coming in stuttered pants. They moan together as the crest begins to build. Their skin is sweat-slick and warm. Cas's hand tightens and begins to jerk him rapidly. Dean bites his lip and tries not to mess up the rhythm too much.
"I-I was thinking of being in the playroom and you- you having me up on the wall. Fucking me and not letting me cum."
There's the sound of creaking leather in the background, and Castiel knows Cain is settling into the chair behind his desk.
Castiel whimpered again, this time in relief. He was still humping Dean through his pants. If he did this much longer he was going to come. Dean didn't keep him waiting long though. He trailed his hand down Castiel's chest until reaching the waistband of Castiel's pants. He moved off Castiel to kneel between his legs and rip both his boxers and pants down his legs and to toss them to the floor. Dean grinned savagely up at him and Castiel's breath quickened.
Dean does, and as soon as the green hits him, Castiel leans forward and takes Dean all the way into his mouth. "Oh fuck!"
The words just spur him on, and Cas's fingers won't stop moving, and holy shit, this is lasting forever, and oh, God! He grinds his hips in dirty circles against Cas's hand on instinct, and fuck, he can't breathe. The pleasure takes over him in wave after wave of pure bliss, and he thinks he's gonna pass out. When Cas finally lets him down from the high, he thinks maybe he might've died. The fingers don't stop. They just slow, pressing more gently now than they did even in the beginning.
"Is that what this has been about? You could've just said something. Yes, of course, we can. You really ought to know by now that I want you. Not just sexually. If you haven't caught on to it yet, I doubt you ever will."
Cas just hums, "Hmm, and why is that exactly?" His eyes soften when he sees how Dean's reacting, and a hand comes up to Dean's chin, urging him to meet Cas's eyes. "I'm just curious."
Dean looks gorgeous. Castiel eats him up with his eyes, taking in the flannel and jeans, noticing that they look hastily thrown on. The thought makes him smirk.
“You’re not kidding. Everything just happened, and it feels like we’ve been playing catch up since then. All this stuff with my Dad, and Sam was in town, it just- you shouldn’t have had to deal with any of that. And the aftermath too. That wasn’t on you.”
"Parent," Cas corrected. "Yeah, about that. What about your real dad, do you know who he is?" Cas shook his head. "I don't really know anything about him besides he was a writer and he left Naomi when I was a toddler. I've heard he was a nice man, but I haven't met him. He might be dead now for all I know." Uncomfortableness prickled at the back of Dean's neck and that was all the warning he got. There was a tiny, infinitesimal pop and then a deep growling voice filled the car. "Hello, boys."
"Yes. Yes, fuck, that's it. You clenching around me baby boy - It's - God. It's heaven. That's right. Take me, Dean. Good boy. Fuck." Cas groans above him. Dean's blood is singing. His bones are calling out for this, and oh man, if he doesn't cum soon- He
"Beautiful," Cas murmurs as his hands find their way into Dean's panties to grip his ass. Dean groans as his hips push up against Cas, and he gets rewarded with sweet friction on his aching cock.
" He breathes. Dean looks shy but proud. As if he's daring Cas to say something. Dean's wearing pink panties. They have a little bow in the center of the waistband, and they're bulging around his cock, which is twitching as Cas looks at it. His mouth has gone dry, and his mind is blank.
Dean blinks at the rapid change of subject but says yes, and when Cas pulls his phone out, Dean rattles off the number from memory as Cas inputs it. They repeat the process with Dean's phone, and now he has the number of what has got to be the hottest guy Dean has ever seen. Dean knew today was going to be a good day.
Cas's house just lends itself to the fantasy. It's clean and organized, obviously a few tax brackets more expensive than Dean's own. His walls have cracked plaster, and his kitchen boasts stained counters and broken cabinets that he never got around to fixing. Cas's house looks anything but neglected. It's loved.
He brought himself back to reality by being reminded that he and Dean needed to discuss some things. Without any preamble, he addressed him seriously, "How did you know my name? You lied before."
With nobody in sight, he eases old Bessie up by the curb and turns the truck off, looking over at the house across the street. It's not bad. He could've done better, but Dean's made his choices.
Castiel wakes to soft kisses along his jaw. The throbbing in his groin informs him that Dean's lips on him are a
"Sure, you could do that," Dean drawls, and Cas looks back over his shoulder, smirking at Dean. He puts his elbows on the lip of the kitchen sink and leans his chest over them, looking over his shoulder the whole time. He arches his back and pushes his ass out, leaning over enticingly, and Dean's eyes widen.
He brings joy and innocence to life that isn't often found outside of children. He's so very open and vulnerable, and yet tries so hard to appear the opposite. But Castiel sees through it, and he loves it. The trust they both have in the other is a little overwhelming, but it doesn't feel wrong, and he's not worried. He would never intentionally hurt Dean, and he'll do everything in his power to never unintentionally hurt him. He knows things happen, and people will say stuff that hurts the other. But Castiel endeavors to always let Dean know he does not mean him any harm. He deserves all the good things that Castiel can supply him. And he's happy to do that.
Well, this was going crappily. After Benny showed up he had stayed and they'd talked for a minute. He was heading out to Florida for a while, meeting up with an old friend. Dean had offered to go with him but Benny had just smiled and shaken his head, tipping a wink at Cas which had earned him the cute puppy dog head tilt thing he did when he was confused. Dean knew they'd be talking about that later. Shit. Talking. Something that was definitely not his forte. He had been surprised as hell that Cas hadn't freaked about the whole Dean-not-being-human thing. And Cas wanted to stay with him. Perfect. Dean hadn't really wanted to consider the fact that Cas might want to actually go back to his abusive asshole family, but he'd had to. He didn't do relationships or talking, but he wanted Cas to stay with him. He wanted Cas. God, did he want Cas. But he really didn't know if Cas wanted him. Dean had been thinking about this a lot longer than Cas had after all and knew a hell of a lot more about him. He focused back in on what Benny was saying as he was walking towards the door. Was he leaving? Dean had no idea, he'd completely zoned out. "-ouldn't get it to work. I'll holler at ya soon, brother. In the meantime, have fun with hot pants over there."
His hands come back to rub circles against Dean's bare hip bones, and he has to resist the urge to grind against his thumbs. "I wanted you to do it, Sir. It feels so much better when you do it. And... And I know you like it. I wanted this to be good for you too."
I'm looking forward to hearing your thoughts on this chapter, so please feel free to leave a comment. I adore the feedback.
Castiel groans when Dean's thumb traces the fleshy ridge under the head of his cock, and his fingers stutter for a moment and slip out of Dean in his pleasure. Dean whines pitifully, letting go of Castiel's erection, and tries to thrust his ass back against his fingers, teeth gnawing his bottom lip. "Please, Sir. Don't stop. Oh, God."
Taking what he knows is a mild chance, Castiel murmurs between kisses, "You're such a sweet baby boy. You deserve the world."
Dean's heart stops and his world narrows down into slow motion. He's seen pictures of Castiel James of course, but this is Cas. Cas is in socked feet and has on black jeans that hug his thighs, and he's in a pale pink button-down dress shirt and his black hair is a fucking mess, he's obviously been running his hands through it. His lips are pink and plush and parted over straight white teeth in what appears to be shock and when Dean reaches his eyes he feels like his focus narrows down solely into those deep blue pools, framed by thick black lashes. Cas keeps walking forward until he's only a foot or so away from Dean.
“I’m well aware,” Castiel says, a smirk playing at his lips. Dean laughs and pulls him closer. “Alright, don’t go getting a big head. But, Jesus. I could totally take a nap right now.”
A knock sounds on the door, and adrenaline dumps into his veins. Dean scrabbles the gown on as he calls, "Just a minute! Sorry!"
"That's my baby boy. So good begging for me," Cas says, lazy arousal and note-able pride evident in his voice as he pulls his fingers from Dean, "Turn around for me."
"I think... I think I might've just got... a date? Maybe? I mean, if I say yes." She quirks her eyebrows and looks over at Cas reading in his booth. Dean looks too.
They spend a good two hours going between hives, Cas collecting honey from some of them. Dean does stand back for that, but he watches with avid interest from a few feet away. The way Cas talks to the bees makes him think of the way he talks to him after sex. He's all sweet and gentle, but firm and steady. It's a little weird but mesmerizing, and if that doesn't describe Cas as a person, nothing does. Dean's utterly entranced with the way the bees seem to love him. And they're gentle! It's kind of weird, but the more he learns about them, the more he feels sorry for them. Maybe he should get some flowers or something for his house. Just kinda do his part.
They kiss, and Cas drives away, leaving Dean standing in his driveway next to the Impala. It's an eerie feeling, so he leaves quickly and heads for the pharmacy. He'd called in the prescription earlier but they said it'd be a wait. The pharmacist is a bit more judgemental than he'd like, but Dean manages to get out of the CVS mostly unscathed and thanking God that he has insurance. The American healthcare system can go fuck itself, in his humble opinion.
"I actually dropped by your house, Dean, it looks like shit. You should really clean it up you know, take care of it - as a man should. I thought I showed you how to be a man, but apparently not. Not with the company you keep." Dad glares at him and Dean feels his stomach roil. He might vomit. Sam reaches over behind Cas's back and grabs Dean's arm. His grip grounds Dean, and he looks over at Sam, but Sam isn't even looking at him. He's glaring straight ahead, determination written across his features. Dean can feel it in the air, something's about to snap.
"My apologies." Castiel doesn't move back, though. He steps closer. Now they were nearly nose to nose.
"You're so perfect for me, sweet boy. My Dean. I'm close, baby boy. Are you going to cum for me? Are you going to cum on my cock? Hmm? I wanna cum in that tight little ass of yours. A perfect little virgin hole just for me."
Castiel raises and slides back down luxuriously. Dean lets out a long, drawn-out moan, and then they’re fucking in earnest. Castiel increases his speed until he’s bouncing on Dean’s cock and pleasure is lighting up inside him.
he thinks with an eye roll. Dean brings his work bag in with him and uses the keycard on the door. It's a secluded entrance at the back of the building next to the garage bays. Only he and Benny have a card for the back entrance. Everyone else comes through the lobby at the front.
"I-I can find it. Oh God, Sir," He crooks his fingers up towards his naval and brushes across the gland. He can't help the shout that escapes him when he does, "Oh, fuck!" He's already so worked up that it feels great. It'd usually take more stimulation to have him shouting.
Dr. Bradbury nods, "There's no guarantee that any of that will happen to you. I understand that's not very reassuring, but if anything comes up, we can solve the problem then."
"Nuh-uh." Comes the negative reply making him chuckle. "Oh, I think you are. You just don't want to admit it."
He was threatening Castiel because he'd been congratulating a woman on her recent engagement instead of doing as Zachariah had commanded. He had nearly thrown a pamphlet thing at the chick before jerking Castiel up against the wall and yelling at him. Dean's blood had boiled and he had to resist the urge to go beat the shit out of the guy. The dude was dirt, and that was a nice word. Now he was following them stealthily through the crowd, keeping an eye on Castiel just in case Zachariah tried anything else. They would stop every few feet and try to engage a conversation with someone about sins and yada yada. It didn't hold Dean's interest.
When they were finished Cas leaned over and kissed Dean fully on the mouth with slightly greasy lips and said, "Thank you."
As Castiel opens the door and steps into the slightly chillier air of the rest of his home, it occurs to him that he didn't say 'baby boy' when assuring Dean that it wasn't weird. It was 'baby.' Castiel doesn't think he's done that before... That will warrant more thought later. As Castiel gracefully climbs the stairs, even with his boyfriend attached to his front, he wonders if perhaps Dean would be open to age play. It was discussed as a possibility when they spoke about terms and disregarded. Castiel wonders if it might warrant some more consideration. Based on today's scene and their current situation, well... It's possible. Castiel clears his mind as he reaches the opening to the hallway and carries a now goose-bumped Dean to Castiel's bathroom. He did think to turn on the vent in here, so it's warmer in here than the rest of the house.
Dean throws his head back and cries out when Cas starts rubbing his insides with renewed energy. God, he's so damned sensitive. He's twitching uncontrollably and shaking in Cas's lap. And something's wrong. What? Oh.
Castiel gets Dean to lay down, and he tucks him in a little. Castiel finds himself yawning hard enough to make his jaw pop and he winces, rubbing it.
Rubbing a hand over his eyes he groans frustratedly. He can't force Dean to talk to him. That's not okay to do, not as a Dom or a partner.
," He breathes, "It's perfect. I've found the perfect coat, I want this one. It's just like the one I had in the beginning. Do you remember?" Dean huffs good-naturedly, "Duh. How could I forget that? It's pretty friggin' memorable ya know, with the light show and all." Cas kind of growls at him and steps into Dean's personal space, gripping his hip bones with a warning squeeze. "Oh, really? That's what makes it memorable?" Dean ducks down and kisses Cas on the mouth before pulling away. "Well, maybe there was this one other thing that stuck out to me. A certain black-haired, blue-eyed angel. I thought he was a dick at first, but he actually turned out to just be a teddy bear with a blade." Cas growls against the skin of Dean's throat.
"What're you doing here, Dad?" Sam asks, his eyes narrowed. His shoulders are squared off and his feet apart. It's a defensive stance that Dean recognizes from his childhood. Dad just raises his hands in a half-shrug, still grinning. "Can't a father come and visit his sons?"
Dean slows his thrusts, against Castiel’s needy whines for the opposite, and spits into his hand. He doesn’t waste any time before taking Castiel’s cock in hand and jacking him off roughly. Castiel can’t stop himself anymore. His whole body goes taut as his muscles tense and he lets out a low wail as he begins to cum. His eyes close and colors explode against the blackness as he clenches down on Dean’s cock and grinds as he spurts all over his stomach. It’s enough to send Dean over the edge and he jerks inside Castiel as he cums. He shouts as he orgasms and Castiel can only ride it out, white-knuckled and praying that he can last through it.
"It is not your fault, Dean. It wasn't entirely his either. I suppose it just all kind of hit me at once. Monsters, demons, they're all real. They're out there."
Thank you for being so patient during our commercial break. Now, back to our regularly scheduled program. <3
Dean lets out a deep breath in a whoosh and collapses into Castiel’s chest, hugging him so tight, squeezing him, and Castiel returns the hug. “I love you too.”
"Yes, baby boy. Cum for me." Castiel grips Dean's cock in hand and starts stroking the slick member with a firm grip. Dean keens and throws his head back, panting wildly and gyrating his body. "Gonna cum. Gonna cum, Sir."
Cas's fingers disappear from his hips, and he feels one hand scrabbling at his back for something. The other wraps around his cock with a delicious twist of the wrist. Dean is spiraling towards oblivion at a rocket's pace. Cas's fingers finally hook onto something near his lower back, and
"Where do you want to go?" Cas looked really surprised to be asked that, and Dean realized he probably never got asked that. He wondered what he would say. Michigan was not the answer he was expecting to hear, but that worked for him. There was always a case somewhere. "So what part of Michigan are we headed for exactly? Anywhere in particular?" Cas tensed slightly beside him but his answer was soft. "Marquette. It's in the upper peninsula."
Noises arise from outside. Indistinct yelling, and thumps against the wall. Castiel gives Cain a worried look, who simply shrugs nonchalantly and reaches behind his back, pulling a small handgun out. He pulls the slide back and as the bullet clicks into the chamber Castiel's blood runs cold. He gives Cain an incredulous look, and Cain for one, just smiles, "You never know what's coming."
After several more minutes, Dean led him through a series of small alleys and then they were in Saint Louis Cemetary. Oh. This was an odd choice of venue, but Castiel was still on board. He liked it, there weren't any people here. Then suddenly he was pushed up against a brick wall(?) Tomb? Something. And Dean was gazing at him intently. He licked his lips slowly and Castiel's eyes tracked the movement without him intending it to. Dean's pink lips smirked when he noticed and Castiel felt a brief burn of embarrassment in his cheeks. He didn't know why he had done that, but obviously, Dean noticed. He wasn't entirely sure what was going to happen, but based off how his body was reacting to Dean's very presence he was going to like it.
"I'm sorry I'm so messed up," Dean whispers, and in his secret heart of hearts, he lets out a grateful sigh when Cas doesn't believe a word of it. A tiny voice rejoices,
Dr. Bradbury settles back into her chair and produces a stylus from the pocket of her white coat. "These may get a bit personal, Mr. Winchester, would you like-"
He just felt good. Like he was buzzing. It was a pleasant feeling and he wondered if this was what it felt like to be high. Suddenly the pulling sensation was gone and Dean was licking and lapping at the bite wounds waiting for it to coagulate, he assumed.
Frat Boy looked down at the black-haired man trying to get up off the floor, disentangling himself from limbs and chair legs. "Hey, sorry dude. Didn't mean to run into you." Dean had to stamp down the want to punch the guy and just shoved him away without another thought. He wasn't even sure if the dude had heard him, he was still trying to get up off the floor, but the throng of people was keeping him pinned. Hero time, he supposed. Pushing a lip-locked couple out of the way none too gently he grabbed the kid's hand and hauled him to his feet. Dean caught a flash of the bluest eyes he'd ever seen in his life, and plump pink lips before the overwhelming smell crashed over him and swamped his system in surges of emotions he couldn't even begin to describe. "Thank yo-"
Cas luckily saw the humor in it and smiles as he fires back, "Are you judging me, Mr. Dean-panty-wearing-Winchester?"
He had never noticed before. He traces the patterns with a fingertip aimlessly for a moment before sighing and closing his eyes, resting his head on his hands, trying to control his emotions. He needs to get back out there and start passing out pamphlets again before Zachariah notices his absence. It's not uncommon for them to be separated during the pandemonium, but it's been a while and he hasn't texted him yet. He should do that actually. That'd give him a little more free time alone before he had to go back. Just as he's thinking that he feels a warm hand on his shoulder. He glances up quickly and is struck by the man's beauty. He's got short brown hair, spiked up in a careless fashion and he's wearing a warm smile that crinkles the sides of his eyes and shows some gleaming sharp canines.
"Anytime, old friend. Tell me - you're going to bring Dean by sometime to meet the gang, aren't you?"
"That's just bullshit, Cas. I have all the power? Not even close, babe. You-" He raised Cas's head to look him in the eyes, "You are my weakness. And I wanted to mate with you because - fuck- I want you, Cas. Not a piece, not a part, I want it all. And I have since that night in the bar when the stupid frat boy knocked you down. You were always meant to be mine, Cas. Ever since I first laid eyes on you. And the fact that I have you now... Do you have any idea how happy that makes me? Do you need vampiric senses to know that?" Cas's eyes were wide and impossibly blue with emotion. He gave Dean a tiny smile. "I suppose not. Thank you, Dean." Dean kissed the top of Cas's forehead. "Not a problem, sweetheart."
"It will be safe for me to enter you now. I won't hurt you. Would you like me to prepare you further, or would like to try it with the level of preparation you have now?"
body and a wall. If he wasn't kind of freaking out, it would be hot as hell to be pushed against a wall by a tantalizingly alluring man with a voice that just screams sex. Castiel's hand slid down his abdomen and towards his happy trail, then it was sliding across the front of his jeans, and he gasps again as Cas's palm pushes against his cock through..., not denim. His hand is pressing against his filling cock through thin material. His boxers. What the fuck? Then a harsh zipping sound breaks Dean out of his haze, and he realizes. His friggin' zipper had been undone, and Castiel was zipping it up for him. Dean blushes scarlet, and he can't think of a single thing to say. Cas leans up, and his scruff scrapes across Dean's cheek as his lips near Dean's ear.
They shake hands over the tall wooden counter and Castiel finds Benny's grip strong and rough, definitely a working man's hand. "That's me. Dean's told me a lot about you."
"That's easy. Led Zeppelin's obviously my top, but Metallica and Kansas are close seconds. What about you?"
it a lot. This closeness. He sighed. It was definitely something he planned on getting used to. He wanted it forever, which reminded him of the fact that they weren't fully mated yet. Shit.
He looks up at Cas, who's leaning against the doorjamb, looking for all the world like he just got fucked. His hair is everywhere, probably because Dean's been running his hands through it. His lips are kiss-swollen and red. Dean's been nipping at them all morning. His clothes are rumpled because they laid on the floor last night as he and Cas fell into bed together. Dean has his hand on the door handle of the Impala, and he's just staring up at Cas. "I'll call you later, okay?"
When Dean walks in, Castiel has to suck in a breath. Even with the weight of everything that’s happened dragging his shoulders down and making the smile on his lips die too quickly, he’s still gorgeous. Castiel thinks it’s purposeful that Dean doesn’t look over to catch his eyes before going to get a coffee. Perhaps Dean was worried that he wouldn’t show. Castiel sips his coffee and looks out the window. It is dreary outside, but he much prefers autumn to summer, even if it’s not so great for his bees. A couple of minutes later, Dean eases into the booth across from Castiel.
“Do you think it can be like this all the time?” Dean takes the spatula from Cas’s long fingers to stir up the noodles again as they boil.
Castiel found himself incapable of completing the question the way he wanted to, but it was succinct and understandable enough, he supposed. "Yeah, uh... You know wolves? They um... Vamps are similar, I guess. Similar dynamics. Alpha and omega, life mates, biting and marking. Scenting, I guess. Wolves have packs, vampires have nests. Predators heightened senses. We're similar. Anyway, yeah. Omega. As in I'm the Alpha." This was a lot of information to process so Castiel was quiet for a few minutes, working it out. Dean let him have his silence, though he seemed uncomfortable with it.
He really should try to take better care of himself. Look at Cas, for Christ's sake, he's thirty-four and in excellent shape, physically and emotionally. He's like the most stable person Dean's ever met, which is the weirdest match for the emotional storm that he is. But he guesses it makes sense. What withstands storms? Rocks. Steady, immovable boulders. Dean rolls his eyes at himself and mentally groans. Did he seriously just compare Cas to an actual rock?
"Ask, and you shall receive." The head of Cas's cock slips into his hole with a teasingly slow slide. It only gets a couple of inches in before Cas is pulling back out again. Dammit, what Dean wouldn't give to be able to get his hands on this man. "I do love teasing you, baby boy."
"Hey, you can't be dissing Judge Judy. That lady would chew you up and spit you back out." Cas smiles.
With a sharp inhale and a large jerk, Dean wakes, making the bed bounce with the force of his flinch. His eyes are wide, terrified, and he begins to shake.
Dean props up on his elbow, resting on Castiel's thigh, and he gives him a small smile. Castiel's running his hands over Dean's face, trying to figure out what's wrong. "I'm okay, Sir. I'm just happy, is all."
"Ahh, yeah, I was like fourteen? I don't even remember where we were, some little town in Missouri. Started with a 'B' I think. Her name was Robin. She was a sweet gal. Had the cutest brown hair, all curls. She was older than me, and she played guitar. She was really sweet, nice, I mean. Not like the preppy cheerleader types. She waved at us when we left."
"Oh, shut up," Dean huffs with a small laugh, but he cuts his eyes to all the hives sitting there, buzzing placidly. "I'm not sure about this. They're used to you."
Cas's voice is contemplative, and Dean wonders why but doesn't waste the energy trying to figure it out. He pulls his slick fingers from his ass with a slight wince.
Many thanks to Follow2thedark for the beta read, without whom this chapter would be comma-riddled and Cain wouldn't know how to talk properly.
I hope it's obvious from the way I wrote it, but in case I'm just too close to it, the bold text messages are from Cas, and the italics are Dean. Their letters are all in italics.  Hope you're enjoying. :)
And that's how it started. Weeks pass and Dean routinely texts Cas throughout the day when he isn't busy, and usually, Cas will respond within minutes unless he is in a meeting or something, which Dean quickly learned not to ask about cause Cas gets bristly about it. Dean still doesn't know what he does for a living, or where he lives, or even his full name, but Dean's mostly okay with that. He has a feeling the guy's shady, but some of the best people he's ever met are considered national criminals. Charlie and Ash being the best examples since they're both amazing computer hackers. Their skills scare Dean sometimes. Cas is still sending stuff though Dean insists he doesn't need it. Cas refuses to listen and just sends it anyway, just like he said he would. Dean really can't complain too much. It is actually stuff he needs. New clothes for both him and Sam, toiletry stuff which was just weird, and most embarrassing of all, food boxes.
They lay tangled together in a heap of clothes on the carpet, sated and blissful, breathing heavily in the aftermath. Castiel has his arms wrapped around Dean, cradling him to his naked, sweaty chest. The small room has no airflow, so the temperature increased with their...
The thought gives him pause. If Dad can't get Dean to change his life according to how he sees it, then he might go after Sam.
He asks it so innocently that it makes Dean smile. He walks over and ruffles Sammy's hair a little. "Yeah. I guess he is, Sammy. He's our angel." Dean hugs his little brother with some moisture building in his eyes. It's about time that something goes right in there lives.
So I'm going to be doing weekly postings from now on. I'll see you guys on the 14th, assuming I can wait that long to give you guys your early Christmas present! :D
“We’re alright. I'm sorry I didn’t wake up, but you’re not being ridiculous. You needed me and I wasn’t there,” Dean opens his mouth to protest, but Castiel presses a finger against his lips, and Dean dutifully hushes, “But I am here now.” Quieter now, he leans in and presses a kiss to the top of his forehead, whispering against his hair. “I’m sorry I hurt you, love.”
Dean looks up at him through his lashes. “That was like, the sweetest thing you’ve ever said to me… I’d still let him get it though.” Dean laughs as he gets smacked in the face with a throw pillow.
Dean knows that's Cas's way of affirming that Dean's still okay with it without outright asking him. Dean doesn't have any sort of urge to stop, so he says, "Okay."
Dean feels so disgusted with himself. He was in a great mood ten minutes ago, and now he feels like garbage
Dean mewls as Cas's digit glides across his prostate, making his hips buck without permission. "I would like to try something. I swear I will not hurt you. Do you trust me?"
"I um, I found - I found something... uh, under your bed," Dean admits with a guilty look over at Cas, whose face is calm and curious. He doesn't look guilty at all, which fails to soothe any of Dean's insecurities. "What did you find?"
"Yes, baby boy, yes. So good, Dean," Cas's hand slides down to his cheek, cupping and maneuvering until the head of his cock is pushing into his cheek.
Fuck. Cas's voice is low and gravelly. Dean bets he's turned on. God, after all this, he hopes he is.
Castiel leans forward and glides his tongue along the shell of Dean's ear, "I'm sorry, Kitten." Dean inhales sharply. "I'll be more gentle next time."
They break apart in confusion at the same time and Dean flushes crimson when he sees someone standing at the front of the car. An elderly man with a cane and a floppy hat gives them double thumbs up and a huge false-teeth grin and starts walking away and Dean bursts out laughing. Cas starts laughing too, and soon Dean can't breathe he's laughing so hard. What the fuck? He finally finishes giggling and wipes away the tears from his eyes. He looks over to find Cas staring at him with something unreadable but happy in his eyes. "Apparently we did a good job."
The sun is streaming through the window and throwing light beams directly across Cas and his table. His profile is being framed with the light. The way it's shining on his inky hair makes it look like he has a halo.
Dean strides into the coffee shop with a confident air. Not cocky, but bright and happy. He's feeling good today. It's showing in the bounce in his walk and the smile on his face. It's just been a great day so far. Hopefully, it'll continue that way. Good days are few and far between, so he's going to milk this
Castiel recognizes that he just referred to his house as both of their homes, but Dean says nothing as he looks around at the families and groups of young people enjoying their food at various tables. But when he winces again at the shrill cry of a toddler, he says, "Actually, that might be a good idea.
"Uhh," Dean looks down and finds the sign on the weather-beaten board, "20 cents apiece. They're really fresh too. We just got these off the vine this morning."
They drive and listen to music, both of them singing intermittently to the radio, Castiel's not even sure where he's going, he's just enjoying this.
He throws the bag of garbage into the graffitied dumpster, where it promptly bursts on impact. Well, awesome. At least it had the basic decency to wait and pop a vein until it was in the dumpster. It would've been a disaster if it had happened on the stairs or something. He would've had to ask his agoraphobic neighbor Chuck for a garbage bag if he was even awake and not passed out or something. That man drank more than Dean did, which was kind of bad considering his habits. Well, old habits now, he guesses. He doesn't have the money for food, let alone booze. There are more important things. Like getting stable enough to get his little brother back. The old shame and insecurities seep through his walls at the thought and he hastily wipes his hands on his jeans as he walks back into the lobby, heading for the wall where all the mailboxes are situated.
"My point is proven." He murmurs. Cas looks pretty smug like the winged dick that he is. Dammi- A hand fists itself into Dean's hair and Cas literally growls into Dean's ear. "Winged dick? You don't seem to think that when you call my name as you stroke yourself. You don't seem to think that when you come with your fingers buried deep inside yourself thinking about me, do you?" Dean actually fucking
The hot water pounds down over his shoulders, and he can finally breathe a sigh of relief. He feels lighter than he has in a few days. The incident with John is going to linger on his mind for a while. As it is, he has a constant reminder every time he sees his face in a mirror or tries to rub his nose. The bruise is going to start yellowing around the edges soon but he's not sure how long it'll take to heal. It still smarts sometimes, and he isn't fond of the feelings. As he shampoos his hair he makes a mental note to ask Cain what happened to John. It's Castiel's dearest hope that he's locked up somewhere with no sunlight and maybe a bucket to piss in. Castiel doubts that he's lucky enough to get his wish, but he can dream. He shakes his head at himself and rinses off. He really shouldn't wish someone ill, but if anyone in the world deserved it, it would be John Winchester.
