There's a short reference to something Meryl Streep's character said in The Prom, hope you enjoy, dearest Charlie;)
You guys are damn lucky I have covid and it's keeping me awake at night so I can do uninterrupted five-hour writing sessions. (I'm fine though, should be almost through, so no worries:) Anyway, this chapter shouldn't exist. It was not in the original plan and is 4.7k words of pure self-indulgence, yall.
"Okay. Scoot over." Cas followed his direction, making enough space for Dean to join him in the bed and still leaving a gap between them. "Lie down for me, come on. Try to get back to sleep, yeah?"
Falling asleep that night had Dean curled around his angel, an arm slung over his chest to keep him close, nuzzling into his neck, and Cas was holding onto the hand securing him, making sure he was safe and home.
"Would you tell me?", Dean asked later that night, when they were both clean and tugged away underneath the blanket, Cas' head resting on Dean's shoulder.
"And I forgive you." Cas smiled, it was small, but it was there. It was truthful. "But I'd like to go back inside now."
, he thinks. Nothing. He thinks it again. His hand doesn't move. He really, really should. He really,
His brother's tone had suffocated every denial ready on Dean's tongue. "You gotta tell him. I dunno how far you guys went, or how far you plan to. And I really don't wanna know, believe me. But dude, you
the way Dean tensed, could see how he'd be closing his eyes for a second without having to turn around. "I'm so sorry, Cas." The words were soft, pulled together. "This son of a- he cut it, I think. Especially the left one. There's bone sticking out on top and-
Why this, though? Why have him- And Cas... (Dean might actually have had an idea about that too, but he would beware of telling Sam. That was his burden to bear, his shame, his fault, his-)
"Deserve." Dean shakes his head. He's heard that word before. He's not one to apply it to himself. "Fuck, Cas, I- Not gonna go down that road, but...whatever life you'd want for me..." He pauses, keeps his eyes fixed on Cas'. He can do this. "What...what
"I trust you", Dean simply said. "And I...I want this, I promise you, I do. I've wanted this for a very long time, Cas. I just want to feel you."
He'd already burned the clothes, found them scattered across the floor when he cleaned his room, his own carelessly discarded, Cas' forcefully thrown aside and torn. Dean burned them with the sheets.
What if it wasn't what he hoped it would be? What if it turned out to be something Cas couldn't enjoy, what if he disappointed Dean, what if he
Cas had thrown in his face, and Dean is determined to stop taking, no matter what a willing giver Cas claims to be. The list of his debts is long enough to cover the walls in his tower of guilt.
"Morning, sunshine", he said instead, a soft smile on his face that soothed Cas instantly, a mirroring smile forming on his lips.
Cas wishes he could make Dean understand that that's not his burden to bear. But what can he say? To leave the past behind, you have to accept that it's over. No matter how many times you revisit it, regret it, get haunted by it - it's over. It can't harm you anymore. Not if you don't let it.
recently and neither of you said as much as two words about what happened", he continues mercilessly, his voice soft, yet strained with held back frustration, "and instead you keep acting weird around each other? Well,
If Sam was able to watch them more than was absolutely unavoidable without throwing up, he'd probably have found it to be worse than ever. They're not staring at each other anymore, but there is a sheer unnumberable amount of stolen glances when they think the other isn't looking, minutes of fixed stares on turned backs, longing looks when one of them leaves the room. Like- what the hell? Why pretend not to want to be in the same room in the first place and then throw such sickeningly yearning glances after each other?? And
"I bet you do", Sam can't help but mumble under his breath, turned in Eileen's direction, grinning when she tries to cover up the snort of laughter escaping her by coughing into her fist rather conspicuously.
His eyes refocused on Cas glancing at Dean's boxers, the thin fabric doing nothing to hide the bulge there. Only now that his attention had been drawn to it did Dean realize how painfully hard he actually was, but he still shook his head at Cas' offer.
"Take me...to that apples and bees place", Cas had clarified like only Cas could, and nope, point still stood, soooo not adorable. Umuhm.
Of course, it was different with someone you loved romantically, but... Dean had never been big on physical closeness with any of them, not even Sam. A pat on the shoulder or a hug were rare occurrences and therefore even more special to Cas whenever they happened. And if Dean craved the contact of another person, he usually satisfied that desire by indulging in quick, meaningless one-night stands.
Cas reached for him when he dived back down, slid his arms around Dean's torso and smoothed his palms down his back while Dean kissed him, deeper this time, gently opening his mouth with his tongue to taste and explore. Cas moaned into his mouth when Dean circled one of his nipples with his thumb, writhing beneath him and even bucking his hips a little in search of friction.
He watches himself staring and is helpless against it. He's powerless against any of this, lifting a finger or uttering a word feels like more of a challenge than fighting Death who's waiting outside the door. There are things happening around him, flowing around him, enveloping him. It feels like the air is whirring with something - emotion, sound, meaning - but at the same time it's calm and empty. His head is numb yet throbbing as he tries and fails to grasp any of it. Everything is weird, everything is wrong. And there's pounding at the door, pounding in his head, pounding of his heart in his ears, and the steady stream of Cas' voice, Cas' gentle voice that cuts through it all and that he's unable to stop. It's all there and none of it feels real.
"Just wanted to make sure you're certain. We haven't done this before", Dean pointed out quite unnecessarily, as if Cas didn't know that perfectly well himself. "And the kissing is still so new. You don't have to move faster than you're comfortable with."
He knows the answer before Cas has said a word, the way his face falls, goes blank and pale in the blink of an eye is confirmation enough.
It throws him off course, that silent apathy, even though he knows it's only a facade. Cas' heart and mind must be raging just like his own, but the surface is quiet and still like untouched water, and Dean wants to cut through it, wants to make it rough and moving, even if in anger. Everything is better than the dead stillness.
Cas' eyes snapped up from where he'd apparently been staring at the sheets, meeting huge, worried green. A hand found its way onto his face, cupping his cheek, warm and tender. Cas placed his own on top, holding it there.
"Not exactly", he admitted, and Dean's stupid heart had absolutely no business beating so furiously in his chest at the implication, the knowledge that Cas could still be his, and his alone. He couldn't help those thoughts. He knew he had no right to them.
"Do you need an account of everything I do? You need to know everytime I take a piss?" Dean said, trying to move past Cas.
"No." He said a little too loudly. "Um I have got an early shift." Just like alcohol, Dean had a strict policy with one night stands. One night meant
"I really don't wanna know who you fucked Dean, believe me. Bottom line, people thought you were in love."
There was still no news of Benny. Dean didn't have his number. When he had no other choice, Dean had to enquire the teachers in the school about him. It was then he discovered that Benny had dropped out of school. He didn't know where he lived and the school refused to give it out because "privacy." One day Garth came to him and told him to "drop it for everyone's sakes." Dean tried to ask him more but he refused to say anything else.
"I didn't start it." Dean said non defensively. He took out an apple from his bag and bit into the juicy flesh.
Gabe gave him a head tilt resembling his brother's, but not filled with the innocent confusion, rather a devilish smug. "What's bothering you?"
"This is just like the old times, isn't it? Back when Dean and Sam used to come over for dinner." Chuck said, rubbing his stomach.
"I am sorry it took me this long to find you." Cas continued, his voice getting weaker. "I just wanted to be sure of what I felt, once and for all, before dragging you down the hole with me. And- and I think I have found the answer now."
"Anything you want, babe." Cas took his dick in his hand and started jerking him off. At the same time, his dick hit the sweet spot inside Dean and Dean almost came.
"And when will this friend be back? Because I can think of some other places I want you to be." The girl said, batting her eyes. Dean could see her laced bra peaking out of her top. He was afraid that soon, money won't be the only thing his pant would be bulging from.
Ignoring him, Cas hurried away from Dean. Dean wondered if he was going to bolt out of the door before the guy came in. The door creaked open as a short guy dressed up in a crisp, black suit stepped in. His eyes were twinkling with a light shade of blue and he had the hint of a stubble on his face. The way Cas rushed to him didn't look like he owed the guy any money. There was something about the way they were hugging and holding each other and- Dean's jaw dropped. Cas had just kissed him. Cas had just kissed a
Cas tried to ignore the rising feeling in his gut. Dean was so close he could easily hear his every breath. It was a beautiful sound.
Dean cursed loudly and started his car, refusing to even look at Castiel. This was supposed to be an important case and the little bastard had left him with a hard-on. This wasn't new for Dean. Cas liked teasing him like this at the most inappropriate of places. Squeezing his ass when passing behind him while Jack and Sammy were in the same room; tangling their foots under the dinner table; brushing his hand against his crotch while having a meeting with other hunters. Truth was that, Cas was always needy for sex, needier than Dean and that was saying something. He was the biggest tease ever and Dean let him get away with it,
They walked some more in silence. The air was rippling through Dean's shirt and making him shiver. "So, Julia Roberts? Or Megan Fox?"
The last time Dean had been in there, he had broken up with Lisa. After that she had taken off for college and settled outside Kansas. Dean hadn't seen her since.
Dean didn't like any of them, but at least Gabriel was better than Michael. While Gabriel left sarcastic comments all around, he was never actually mean. The oldest Novak brother, well, he was a piece of work. Dean and Cas stayed away from him as much as possible.
"Did Lisa tell you to wait? Listen, she can afford to wait for the best college in the world. You cannot."
Dean watched his brother's features change. Creases were formed in the corner of his eyes and dimples covered his entire face as it broke into the widest grin Dean had ever seen.
He had never been more grateful for the recess bell. He immediately rushed out of his classroom and pushed aside people cluttering in the hallway again. Dean found his way to the History AP class, where he knew his salvation would be. He stood by the lockers in front of the classroom, watching the stream of students coming out like a hawk. As soon as he found her, he snatched her from the crowd like a prey and filled her up in his arms. Some onlookers gushed at them. They were known as the cutest couple in the school. Dean found all the attention a bit cringy.
And then there was nothing. Billie, Cas, Empty, everything gone. Dean was on the floor, his mind again unable to process what just happened. All he could think about was the he didn't get to say it back. Cas had loved him all along, and he never got to say it back.
Cas looked at him with embers burning in his eyes. "You think I don't know what you're doing here? That you still work in your shit excuse of a Dad's shop?"
Dean gave him a smirk as he got down to work, not wasting a second. After all, he had to show his angel how much he loved him.
"Okay, I am not gonna sugarcoat it for you,  which sucks because my boss before me, he's no Santa Claus of delivering news either. But I wanna be as straightforward with you as I can."
Dean knew it was hypocritical of him to judge Sam and Jess' relationship just because they were of different sexes. He was behaving exactly like his Dad. He wasn't going to force anything on Sam. If he said he and Jess were just friends, then Dean was gonna accept that.
Dean didn't smile. He had to say it now or he won't be able to do it again. "I am not bragging, seriously. What you have done for us, people don't do that for their own blood. And uh," He hesitated. "I think I.. we.. I can't delay this any longer."
"Are you really giving me shit for not showing emotions on my face when you're the most repressed guy I know?"
"You should teach me too." Eileen said excitedly. "I have asked Sam a million times now but he says there is some secret recipe to it."
"Nah I really don't wanna go." Cas waved him off. "And to tell you the truth," His ears suddenly turned red. "I don't like the way Meg looks at me."
"She got up, pretending like nothing had happened. I had offered her a hand but she refused. She then started explaining to me all about my job and responsibilities and all the time, I am barely holding it in. By the end, when she's ready to leave, she says to me, 'You laughed at me when I fell.' And I become completely embarassed, ready to come up with a shit ton of apologies and all, when she says again, 'I like that you're not a bootlicker. Welcome to the company'. And then she smiles! She freaking smiles and it was beautiful."
Dean didn't know how he had managed to run out of the Castiel's house, carrying at least four or five bags in his hand (he didn't count), while Sammy was coming back from Jess' house. Dean had thrust half the bags on him, grabbed his hand and practically yanked him out of there. He ignored Sam's protests..
Cas' hand slid up higher till his knuckles were brushing against Dean's erection. Dean took a deep breath, trying to keep his focus on the road. "So desperate for me, Dean."
Cas must have noticed the fall in his mood, because the next moment he was offering one to Dean. "Go on."
Dean opened his eyes to see Castiel standing in front of him, shielding him from the creepy redhead, his face inches away from Dean's. Dean realized what just happened.
her? I swear- I swear if you weren't there, Dean, buzzing in my ears how much you love that little shit, I would've left the little shithole at the hospital."
"That was so good babe." The soft lips on his shoulder were like a drop of water falling on a rock on a hot summer day. He relished that feeling.
"See? He's alright. Just a bit confused." Dean gave a thumbs up to his teacher. Mr. Turner looked at them with an expression that very much said,
"You wanna tell me why you're back in this city when you pretended none of us existed for twelve fucking years?" Dean asked, his temper rising. Everything he was saying was wrong. He didn't care.
"No, just hear me out, okay? I've been wanting to say this for a long time but I couldn't and everytime, I thought maybe next time. Next month, next year. But looking at Bobby, it just.. it just makes you realize life won't wait for you. Your loved ones won't wait for you to hear the things you've always wanted to tell them."
Cas said nothing, he just kept staring at him. In any other situation, this would have been awkward as hell. Cas standing in front of Dean, saying nothing and just staring with barely two inches worth of spaces between them. But this wasn't any other situation. They were both stuck against the lockers, unable to move because too many people at once were in the same space, struggling to move in every direction and no one finding air to breathe.
"No use begging me, feathers. If only you had slept within me ages ago, you wouldn't be here now. Think about that."
"All right, why don't you take the coat off, then?" If Cas wanted to strip so bad in front of Dean, then Dean
Mick glanced around, as if to check if anyone was listening and then lowered his voice. "I am going to propose to Castiel"
Sammy was sitting beside him, sobbing silently. Dean knew he was just feeling lost and confused,  but his brother's crying was annoying him. He could have been sitting comfortably in his own room right now. No one asked him to follow Dean outside, as he ran away on his heels, escaping his Dad.
Cas couldn't hold his tears as Dean Winchester pulled him into his arms. They don't say any words. Their lips meet and they drown in each other. It was over. Dean can finally see him. Dean can finally feel him.
Dean didn't have much experience, but he actually liked managing the bar the few times he had done it. It gave him a change of work environment. The bar only got crowded at night. There wasn't much to do except serve beers to some regulars.
Dean stopped as Cas' entire demeanour changed. He suddenly became stiff as his blue eyes filled with dread. He immediately rang the call button.
Dean realized with a sudden pang that if Cas wanted to, he could have as many friends as he want. He could easily talk to anyone about anything. He had a simple charm to him and he always managed to impress people around him. Dean had even noticed many girls eye the blue eyed guy, including Meg Masters. But now he was giving up on the most popular party of their class, because Dean didn't want to go.
Dean stopped and turned around slowly. John was still sitting in the same position, his yellow teeth flashing permanently. "W-what did you say?"
"Are you really happy to be back?" Dean looked into Castiel's eyes, letting himself drown in the ocean.
Ellen clapped her hands on her mouth. Tears threatened to leak out of her eyes. "S-stroke? But he was doing just fine."
There was a blush on Cas' cheeks, the kind of blush Dean didn't expect angels to have. "So what did you do for the rest of the night?" Dean asked him.
And as suddenly as it came, it's gone. The Empty isn't here anymore and he is still standing in the bunker. Dean was sitting against the wall, his face buried in his hands.
Maybe it was the love and vulnerability reflected in those blue eyes while he was looking at Dean or maybe it was the way those soft lips trembled while speaking Dean's name. He didn't know. All he remembered was that there was nothing else between them. The next moment, Dean and Cas were one as their lips joined together.
"But I am always gonna be there for you. Even if.. even when we are not together. You are not alone in any of this, you get that?"
Dean got home and immediately started cleaning his room. He didn't know why he was doing it. Cas was here all the time and he left it even more messy than it was when he came. Cas was also a dumbass. Benny, on the other hand, Dean always had this weird urge to impress him. The deep voice, the careless attitude, the smooth talks, he was what people would call a badass.
Don't you dare pin this on me!" Lisa had to jog to catch up with Dean's long strides. She ran to stand in front of him, making him stop in his tracks. "You were the one who always had a problem with our
"Of course not! H-how can I be homophobic? I mean, I am friends with Jo and Charlie and I support them in everything and.."
Cas only came to them whenever any of them had any new leads to defeat Chuck. And then too, he preferred to go over the details with Sam or Jack, instead of Dean. They barely ever stayed in the same room, one of them coming up with some excuse to get out. Sam or Jack didn't question it. For all they knew, Dean was still mad at Cas for being responsible for Mary's death.
"Hey, hey, he's safe now. You gotta make sure you're safe too, right? For him? You gotta take care of you for him."
They both stared at each other for a moment before bursting into laughter. Once started, it was difficult for Dean to stop. He doubled over, saw his Dad's tombstone at eye contact and another bout of laughter erupted from him.
"She sneaks off. And it's not like we are having sex or anything, alright? We are twelve, remember? You used to have sleepovers with Cas all the time."
When Dean entered Bobby's room, he found Jo and Ellen already there. Bobby looked small lying in his bed, his eyes half open. He grunted to acknowledge Dean. He had lost a lot of weight and his cheeks looked hollowed. The upper half of the bed was lifted up to make Bobby sit up as Ellen fed him soup. He took every bite grudgingly, visibly wincing with every swallow.
It took him a week to get up and down the stairs without feeling all his muscles go against him. At least they didn't have to bring his food upstairs anymore.
he meant Lisa or Jo since they were the only two friends he had. Jo had offered to pick him up in the morning but Dean had refused. He had to make a stop before attending the last day of his school. As a result, he was late and his knees were muddy again. That could be easily hidden by the gown, as soon as he gets it.
"How you gonna feed you and your little brother then?" Raphael asked earning laughter from his friends.
"He looks like a good kid." Benny said, looking around their house. Dean felt ashamed. They didn't have a big house, or even a clean house. The ceiling was falling off in many places. Their sink was filled with a load of dishes. Dean hoped Benny wouldn't get hungry. Their couch was torn in most places.
They made their way upstairs. The silence was heavy between them, eating away at Dean. He wished their destination wouldn't come, because when they would stop, words would replace the quiet. And Dean wasn't ready for that.
"Listen, we can just talk it out, please?" Cas was following Dean in his every step as he went back and forth from the cupboard to the suitcase. Cas was only trying to stop him from his words, and not by laying a hand on Dean's shoulder, which he always did whenever Dean was upset. Maybe Cas was too repulsed to touch him.
a six year old kid who fucking lost his Mom? Or you could have lent a hand in taking care of Sam who was your kid too and whose only fault was being born? You were the adult, Dad, but guess who never got to have a childhood? Me! I held him, fed him, changed his diapers, made sure the food was on the table, I did all those things that most eighteen year olds can't do! And where were you? Drinking your ass off because you were a manbaby who couldn't accept the fact that his wife died!"
"True but try telling that to Ellen." Sam said. "I think that she somehow blames her for Bobby's attack in the first place."
Dean spun around. "Just leave me alone, okay?" He shouted in Cas' face. He closed his eyes and turned back, hoping to never see that face again. He opened his eyes and the angel was in front of him. "Son of a bitch, stop doing that!"
"You think I don't hear your prayers, Dean?" Cas caught Dean's lower lip between his teeth. "I hear them every night."
Dean Winchester was an odd kid, at least that was what other children believed, otherwise why wouldn't they wanna be friends with him? It had been a week since he has started first grade, and no one wanted to sit with him. He knew they hated him. His Mom believed otherwise. She told him that he needs to talk to them to make them like him. But that was the difficult part- talking.
to do, Dean." Dean's hunter strength was no match compared to Castiel's angelic strength and in the next moment, their positions were switched. Dean felt his back hit the cold wall as Castiel grabbed the front of his shirt roughly.
The fact that Cas didn't ask him twice left a distant ache in Dean's heart. There used to be a time when they held back nothing from each other. Now, Dean could feel new walls forming between them everyday. The walls were thin like a thread, but they were there. And it drove Dean mad.
Dean sighed, defeated. He knew he had no right to be angry. Sam was right. John should suffer the consequences for once.
. There was no other word for it. The little fucker still had a way of crawling inside Dean's skin, even after all these years.
John Winchester was drowning himself in his own sorrow and self hatred again and Dean wasn't there to save him. Didn't he owe his Dad that?
Dean got up from the cold stone. "Oh i think little miss Daddy's princess is too embarassed to go out with a  mechanic."
"And you will obviously believe her." Dean joked. He and Lisa found it hilarious that they were in the whole cliché 'boyfriend doesn't get alone with the best friend' thing. During these fights, Lisa usually sat back and let them do their thing. She claimed she would never take sides.
One thing Dean had learned while working at the bar was that both Bobby and Ellen were terrible businesspeople. Well not terrible per se, more like emotional. They have known their customers since years. They let them off with a few free drinks once in a while which would have been fine, until the tradition reached to people they didn't know and now most of the customers were used to being free slackers with tabs which were never closed. Managing them was especially difficult when there were no bouncers to haul their asses out or cleaners to clean up their vomits. Dean had been wanting to talk to Ellen about hiring security or more employees, but couldn't bring himself to do it. He would have to wait till Bobby was at least home, to take the pressure off her.
"Sammy" Dean extended a hand to shake his brother but ended up wincing as his sore muscles protested the movement. "Get up."
"I can show you." Dean said, standing up. Slowly he lifted his shirt, knowing the dark scars will still be imprinted on his pale skin.
"Meg came to me after school." Cas said, changing the topic, probably trying to escape the thin ice they were walking on.
"I definitely did. You were working here in our senior year right? I guess that was the last time I was here too. Before we both took off."
"Ask her to-" Dean stopped his words immediately. His eyes had moved over Lisa to look past her head at the door. They came to rest on a group of boys entering the cafe. They looked nothing different and were very easy to be lost with the crowd. Barely any heads turned to watch them enter slowly. There was nothing in them that made them stand out, except a pair of sharp blue eyes that seemed to illuminate the entire hall and blinding Dean simultaneously.
Dean breathed when they were finally seated and the bus started moving. In the rearview mirror, he saw the Chevy Impala pull up in the driveway of his home. Six more hours of freedom, he thought with the familiar dread setting in his stomach.
He was spared the charge of finding an outlet for his feelings as another seed hit him in the back of his head, Sam's laughter echoing like an innocent child's.
"Your hand.." Dean was using both his hands to support himself on the wall because his legs were ready to give out anytime.
The last comment sank Dean's heart. Crusts off, just like his Mom used to make for him. It was funny how small things like that reminded him of her even after all these years.
"I don't know what kind of coffee you like, but you ordered a black one with sugar on the..that night so I thought you would like it."
Sam spent most of his time with Jess. He only came home at night to sleep. Food wasn't a problem for them. Ellen usually sent them dinner over, even though Dean kept insisting her not to.
Dean had never seen the atmosphere so quiet in the presence of Castiel Novak. The only sounds on the dinner table was the clattering of forks and spoons against the plates and Mr. Novak's loud chewing. He was happily chewing on his drumstick, not noticing his son in a grumpy mood. Anna was playing with her food and Sammy was fuming silently. Dean had asked him to pack his clothes just before dinner.
In the next few weeks, two things happened which changed his life completely. First was his baby brother coming to the world, second was a boy named Castiel Novak.
Dean took a deep breath. He was mostly out with everyone with his sexuality, but he had never been able to talk about this part with anyone. It was too shameful, too traumatizing. But he wanted Cas to know. Because Cas would understand. "And then I kissed Benny. Back in seventh grade."
He kept shouting and shaking her until John pried her away from her body. He didn't even realize that his cries had awakened the baby and now both their screams were mingled in one.
"As many times as I want because I like those words coming out from these lips." Cas kissed him softly.
Claire Newton was a seventeen year old girl who was under the foster care of the town sheriff Jody Miller. Her deadbeat Dad ran out on her when she was just a kid. Last year, her mother got into drugs again and took off. She had died a month ago. It took some time for Jody to get guardianship. Dean liked Jody, she often brought wrecked cars to him after accidents. In return, he had agreed to appoint her kid as a part time assistant. He didn't know he needed Claire until she was there.
As Dean walked past the lockers, he realized with a jolt that this will be the last time he will be walking these hallways. He will be done today and that's it. Maybe after 30 years or so there will be a reunion where half the class won't show up and the other half will only be there to brag about their jobs or spouses. No one will give a shit where anyone ended up, unless the others ended up worse than themselves. And then they will gloat. All these years of promises and talks of never leaving your childhood best friend- gone in drain.
"Hating is easy. It's better. I wished it would come naturally to me when it comes to you, but unfortunately no matter how hard I tried, it didn't."
"No..no.. I am so sorry.. I am.. I can't.." Dean pulled himself back as far away from Cas as possible. He pulled his knees closer to the chest and buried his head between them, hoping that the tears that had formed in his eyes would not fall.
Dean felt bad. He had done a thousand one night stands before, but ever since he had been back from purgatory, he was feeling off his game. He rarely ever hit on women in bars. A few times when he got lucky, he started feeling off after a few minutes. All this had started feeling wrong to him. A small voice inside of him often told him that he just needs to settle down now. Dean didn't agree. He was a ladies man. He was just a little off his game. He will get it back.
"Dad I want to ask you something." Dean said, struggling to chew down the cold macaroni. Their microwave had broken again and he did not have the energy to ask his Dad to repair it.
Hating himself, and the stupid stranger who had bumped him, Dean chanced a glance at the blue eyes again. They were gone, shielded beneath a carpet of lashes.
"What the fuck are you doing here?" Dean spat out, harsher than he had intended to. He had wanted to forget all about the angel, if only just tonight, and yet here he was.
"How? If I had to see ten patients like Mr. Singer everyday, I would throw myself out of the window of the highest floor." Charlie said casually, her head hidden behind the magazine she was reading. She had popped in a few minutes before Dean had arrived, saying she had time for a quick visit on her way to Jo's office.
"Took you too long." Castiel had prayed to Jack for a long time, hoping he would bear him, but there was never any response. Cas finally gave up, thinking Jack doesn't care anymore.
grade. Besides, he would have to get up to make Sammy's breakfast anyways, so might as well get dressed and go to school. And on the plus side, someone will be there waiting for him.
That winter, everything had changed for Dean. He always believed that the phrase "finding yourself" was corny, made up by people who needed therapy instead of whining about in their diaries. But maybe it was only because he had never experienced it. He wasn't just a shitty mechanic working in his dead parent's shop. He wasn't just going to be a barkeep. He was going to be more than that. He was
"The mud poured in a cup? No thanks." She looked at Cas who was flipping the pages of his notepad. "No offense."
Sammy chuckled. He pulled out a stool to sit on the kitchen table. Dean sat opposite him, taking a huge swig out of his soda. He wondered if he should steal one of Dad's beer bottles. He had promised himself that he will never taste even a drop of alcohol in his life, because of how it ruined his Dad. But this was a celebration thing. Maybe one sip wouldn't hurt. And Meg would stop mocking him for being a wuss.
He smiled sadly. "You will love your brother, Dean, I am telling you. I miss Mom less because I have Anna."
"Yes." Dean said, hardly paying attention to the angel standing too close to him. His mind was still fixated on the engine. "I have to fix her."
babe?" Dean kept lowering his head his tongue trying to reach every part of Cas. "Why did you let me do all this to you?"
"No. No, you said my Dad's the reason you got into army." Dean said angrily. Benny had never told him how his parents had found out about them. If what he said was true, then John Winchester truly outdid himself this time. Even in death, he won't stop haunting Dean.
"Sorry Dad. I went off track again." Cas gave a half apologetic shrug. He no longer looked mad about Benny or the rumors at school. Dean was glad he was back to his annoying self. "Why did you call me?"
When Dean reached home, Sam's bedroom light was on. Dean found that all his anger had vanished. Their fight had been stupid, petty. One day Dean would be saying goodbye to Sammy at the airport and thing will never be the same again after that. He didn't want to ruin that for now.
His eyes flew open, found hopeful, hesitant green. Cas was sure he'd never loved Dean more than in this moment.
Cas was right. Their feelings weren't new, nothing between them was new, it had all been there, sitting and waiting to be released.
He could hear his blood rushing in his ears, felt his chest rising and falling with his too heavy breathing while he waited for Dean's reaction. But the hunter's face stayed blank, giving away nothing of the possible emotion behind. When he finally opened his mouth, his voice was careful, his words slow and considered.
Heyyyy! Yeah, a quick update for a change! I wrote most of this today, should probably have learned for my exam next week, but I was too excited to get more of this out! Yall are lucky I'm a chronic procrastinator...
Dean's eagerness made something warm spread in Cas' chest, the barely concealed note of hope loosening his tongue.
He's still smiling at the little blossom when Cas hesitantly sets down a plate in front of him. It's a burger, at least it's obviously
The kiss breaks, but not their embrace as Dean holds Cas close, arms tightening around the angel's back, his nose buried against his neck. And he isn't sure how long they stand there like that, time ticking by while they breathe each other in, seconds that might turn into minutes, hours even without Dean noticing. Time is of no importance anymore, now that he has this, the promise of having this for all eternity.
"Cas?" He sticks his head out of the room and looks down both directions of the corridor. Nothing. No angel in sight. No answer either.
He bites on his tongue when he hears the sharp intake of breath coming from Dean behind his back and he simply
"Cas. You're not ready", he said, sure that they both knew it to be true. "And that's okay", Dean assured truthfully, taking Cas' hand and linking their fingers in a supportive gesture. "You've made such great progress lately, but we can't expect it to always go that smoothly. You shouldn't pressure yourself."
He didn't want to ask. He wanted to just let it happen, just let it unfold, pray that it would lead where he hoped it would- but he couldn't do that.
"If that would be amenable to you, of course", Cas added as if there was any doubt about that. "I'd like to...lie down and just...feel you in my arms. Have you hold me just because we can. Fall asleep to the sound of your breathing. Wake up to you kissing me." Cas blushed. "I know how that sounds, and maybe it's stupid, but..."
Dean angrily drags at the strings behind his back again, finally gets that damn knot loose. He rips the apron off, screws it up into a ball and flings it onto the floor where it lands with a dull splashing sound next to the dinner table. He closes his eyes, takes a deep breath and leans with one hand against the worktop, drives the other over his face.
There'll be many days that will find Cas engrossed in a book, and Dean engrossed in Cas. Sometimes Dean will just watch, the way Cas' face twitches, how his brows draw together, his jaw tightens, his eyes widen at particularly engaging paragraphs, waiting for the little smiles of satisfaction that occur when the story unfolds to his liking. And sometimes Dean will watch and listen, they still have to go through all of Austen's works, after all. But either way, Dean will sit quietly and smile, thinking to himself how lucky they are, and how amazing it is to feel completely and utterly content.
In fact he couldn't sleep at all, couldn't close his eyes to darkness and silence. Because the darkness didn't stay dark, and the silence didn't stay silent. Pictures of naked skin, writhing, struggling to get away. And sounds, so many sounds, whimpers, cries of pain, pleas.
And still, Cas loves him. It's nothing he can simply stop just because he knows it has no future. The pointlessness of it sometimes threatens to overwhelm him, but then he'd get to meet those green eyes again, a rare smile, an affectionate mumble of his name, maybe even a pat on the shoulder - and he knows it isn't pointless at all. Even if nothing ever comes of it. Cas knows Dean loves him, too. Maybe not quite the way Cas feels, but in his own way, he does. And yes, it's fine.
At some point he releases his hold on the angel's back to divest him of his shirt as well, smiling into the kiss when he lets his hands wander down Cas' sides and up to his shoulder blades, just lets himself feel the soft skin, warm and alive under his palms. It's a nice kind of intimacy, touching just for the sake of it, without a hurry to have it lead anywhere, nowhere at all or at least not immediately.
"Oh." Cas nodded to himself. "So...no going back?", he asked, the deeply rooted need for reassurance shining from his eyes, and Dean smiled, shaking his head, squeezing his fingers.
Cas opens his mouth, takes a breath in, holds it for a second. But then he just lets it flow out of his lungs again, lowering his eyes to his feet. This is not his speech to make. If this is what Dean wants, then...
Dean frantically shook his head, cursed the sudden hint of tears he could feel stinging in the corners of his eyes, lowered his head in the hope Cas wouldn't notice.
"So anyway." Sam's voice rips him back to reality and he quickly lowers his eyes to his hands in his lap. He has no idea how long he's been staring at Dean while the hunter is busying himself in the kitchen, but if Sam clearing his throat has anything to say about it, it has been too long. "Eileen said she got a real good lead from talking to some of the locals", the younger Winchester brother continues, "There was this club where people kept going missing over months, the police had been looking into it but there were no hints, no bodies no nothin' and they dropped it."
"You were dreaming about...me being gone?", he asked hesitantly, recalling Cas' mumbled pleas. He didn't want to force Cas to talk about it, but if this was truly something the angel was afraid of, then maybe Dean could dispel his worries.
"Good boy." He takes the rings and quickly combs his fingers through the tousled hair behind Miracle's ears before sending the dog back to Sam and getting up, handing Cas one of the rings - the one with a sliver of a blue glow to it, the one meant for Dean. Cas hasn't seen the rings yet, Dean wanted to keep them as a surprise up until the very end, and maybe he shouldn't be so nervous about that now, surely there's no chance Cas won't like them (he'd probably tell Dean he'd like anything just because Dean chose it), but the way Cas' eyes first widen and then water visibly when he takes in the ring Dean places in his palm fills Dean with a warm fuzzy sense of pride.
, it remained unsaid in the space between them while Cas kept looking at him, contemplating, but finally, he nodded.
"Dean." Cas looks at him intensely, stares almost, but it isn't uncomfortable, they do this all the time. "I'm not going anywhere", he says, confused yet sincere. "I told you, I have no wish to leave. And I won't."
"Maybe I will", he pouted, making Dean grin even wider when the angel demonstratively tugged the coat tighter around himself and sitting down on his side of the bed. Because yup. That was a thing they had now. Their respective sides of the bed. Of
Yeah, he knows how Dean deals with things. Things like whatever the hell's going on between him and Cas (what has been going on between them for
Cas nodded, eyes damp and shining as he leaned in to press another close-mouthed kiss to Dean's lips. And in that moment, Dean felt like this was what it had always been meant to come down to. For years, this was what he'd felt, every time he looked at Cas, he had known.
He still didn't get it. Cas said these things all the time. And with so much ease, so much sincerity, they couldn't be anything but the truth. How had he ended up here, with this extraordinary being in his arms, looking at him like...like
"I...ah." Cas lowers his gaze to their feet, nodding to himself. "I should probably give you two some privacy as well. I'm sure you have a lot to catch up on." He nods at Sam and takes a step back, causing Eileen to reluctantly let go of his hands. She can't stand the resignation that speaks clearly from his voice, even though his words are warm and gentle, and there's an urge in her to wrap him up in a hug again and tell him that it's all going to be fine, but she knows that's not what he needs right now. What that poor angel damn well needs is for Dean to pull his head out of his ass and do it himself. (Not that telling him that would be a good idea, either.)
He found the oil glands with Cas giving him direction, tried not to focus on the interesting (quite intoxicating- but no, definitely not gonna go there) smell when he warmed it between his fingers. His hand hovered above the wound that had his stomach turning, the one with the bone clearly visible above half the wing's span, but he couldn't bring himself to start. Not yet. Not before he got this out.
Dean tried to match Cas' rhythm the best he could, his moans getting louder with every roll of Cas' hips, the glide turning smoother from Dean's sweat and Cas' precome. Dean had trouble deciding if he should grind back against Cas or forward into the sheets to give his neglected cock some relief. His fingers clenched down on Cas' and he threw his head back as the tip of Cas' length caught on his sensitive rim, the angel losing no time taking advantage of the new position by latching onto the spot where his neck met his shoulder, attacking it with lips, teeth and tongue, and
There were sobs clawing their way out of his throat, sudden and forceful, the hand he clasped over his mouth doing next to nothing to stifle them.
Dean smiled against the angel's skin, stroked over that spot again in a way that made Cas' breath hitch, his legs trembling, tensing for entirely different reasons now.
"Yes, I want you", he said then, firm, ringing with truth. "I want to help you, and I want...this. But it's so much more, Cas."
As if on cue, Dean rolls over in his sleep and wraps his arm around Cas, pulling him closer. Cas knows he isn't aware of what he's doing, and for a second he freezes, but then he simply can't help but melt into the mattress. This is what he wants. This is what truly feels like home.
"Sonofa-" Dean gets up too, needs to be on eye-level for this, needs to...he doesn't really know what he needs. He drives a hand over his face. He needs to get this over with, that's what he damn well needs. "Did you mean it?", he simply asks, swallows around the lump in his throat when Cas slowly turns back to him. "Cas? Did you- Did you mean it? When you said you..."
When he emerged from the sea of sensation again, Dean's hips were working in small thrusts, the friction of their cocks rubbing together, trapped between their stomachs causing Cas to throw his head back into the pillow with a low moan. The precome leaking from both their tips wasn't quite enough to make it smooth, but Cas couldn't mind the hint of a burn, not when his whole body already felt as if it was on fire anyway.
He hoped they did. Those hands deserved to feel at least a fraction of the pain they inflicted. He deserved to feels all the pain he could gather to let it wash over him until he drowned in it.
All too soon Cas got up, but he didn't break their eye contact at first. They were masters at that, after all. He stood between the grass and flowers, the sun in his back, the trenchcoat slightly moving in the wind around his ankles, and Dean could just stare, convinced that there had never been something more beautiful in all of creation.
"Yes?" Cas smiled shily, beautifully, and Dean just had to lean down and kiss him again, just a press of lips, short and sweet.
. He watches as Dean's nimble fingers work the knot open, not entirely, just wide enough to pull it over Cas' head, and Cas helps him obediently by bowing a little. The smile it earns him makes his heart flutter and he swallows, grateful that Dean didn't see because he turned around and is walking towards the door now. Cas watches in confusion how Dean opens it - he isn't about to leave is he? But no, he opens it just a smidge, just enough to...to hang the tie at the door handle outside before the door closes, and then Dean is suddenly in front of him again, in his space (
"Hey." He leaned forward a bit, seeking Cas' eyes. "What are you talking about? I got my fingers in your damn wings, man. Don't think I don't know what that's asking of you."
Dean patted on the spot next to him, mentioning Cas lie down so they were side by side, leaning against the headboard.
This was why they were here, after all. So Dean could find himself a random girl. They would leave together, the same way Cas had watched Dean leaving bars a hundred times before.
Dean followed Cas down when the angel pulled him to lie on top of him, arms coming around to encircle Dean protectively, reminding him of this place where he felt like he belonged, the home he had found in his angel's embrace. Dean's own hands were sweeping up Cas' sides, fingers gliding over smooth skin, mapping out every inch of his body he could reach. Cas whimpered when Dean's mouth trailed off to follow the line of his jaw, down his neck and to the hickey on his collarbone, licking over the purple mark there, smiling against his skin when Cas gasped.
"Of course I knew, Dean!" Cas lifted his hands in a gesture of frustration. "How stupid do you think I am? I was perfectly aware of his intentions, why else would I have encouraged him?"
If someone had asked him if he wanted to touch Cas again that way, watch him writhe in pleasure and moan his name, he would have said yes in a heartbeat, no doubt about it.
He can see the tears in Cas' eyes, this thing that looks distinctly like happiness even to him, who wouldn't know, for when had he ever related to that word...but it's there, pouring out from every cell of the angel's being. And for the first time in years, Dean is lost.
"See, I just thought it'd be nice, you know. Together." He tries to make it sound suggestive, inviting, but he can clearly hear the nerves seeping through his voice, and he knows Cas hears it too.
He told himself it was nothing. He told himself it would go away. He told himself it didn't mean anything. He told himself it was just an objective appreciation for what everybody in their right mind must consider aesthetically pleasing, nothing more, nothing deeper, certainly nothing he needed to worry about.
"Hey. It's okay", Dean broke him off, focused on having Cas hold his gaze as he felt the frustration tip over into fear, memories bubbling beneath the surface in the angel's eyes.
"I dunno." His voice is thoughtful and serious. "I guess so. I feel like I should be. I mean look at that." He gestures around, captures the beauty and peace surrounding them with a movement of his hand.
"I...can see that?" Jack frowns in confusion when Dean rips his eyes from Cas' to look at the kid, and damn his obliviousness would be adorable if it wasn't so impractical right now. The tendency to take everything literal reminds Dean a lot of Cas when they first met, and haven't they come one hell of a long way since then.
But to his surprise, Cas seemed to calm, the nails digging in his side retreated as Cas' fingers relaxed slightly and his breathing turned deeper and more even.
He watched as Dean silently filled a cup, one of the green ones he liked because they reminded him of Dean's eyes. He could have done without that today, but there was also a pleasant tingle in his belly because Dean obviously knew which cups were his favourite. The tingles intensified when Dean placed the cup in front of Cas where he'd sat down at the kitchen table, the hint of a smile curving Dean's lips. Cas desperately wanted to lean in and kiss them again.
The angel's smile impossibly brightens, and Dean can already feel his eyes beginning to sting from that one word alone, his name spoken with so much reverence and adoration.
"Cas." And there Dean will be, shutting him up with a soft smile and an even softer kiss to his lips. "I do that because it calms me", he'll explain. "Every time I'm nervous I touch the ring and I think about what it means, I think about what I have here, with you, with us. It's like..a substitute for touching you, I guess. It grounds me."
He hummed, blinked sleepily as his brain tried to get a grasp on his surroundings, slowly orientating itself to find that he was trapped against another body. Adrenaline shot through Cas' veins so fast he felt dizzy, the sudden realization that the warmth was an arm slung around his shoulders, a chest beneath his head, filling his fuzzy brain with sudden dread. His eyes shot open, his body up, scrambling back blindly in an attempt to get away from whatever -whoever- was touching him.
"But I..." Cas pressed his lips together, his eyes slightly watery before he closed them, released a long breath before suddenly rolling his hips again.
"Oh, yeah." Jack smiles at him, carefree and maybe a little bit proud. "Being half angel, I've always been more sensitive to the energies of the universe. But since I absorbed Chuck's power, it's like I can
The emotion flitting over Cas' face is a turmoil, Dean thinks to make out surprise, wonder, confusion, and a tiny hint of...is that...hope?
Dean lies awake that night and watches Castiel, no longer angel of the Lord, as he sleeps for the first time.
When Dean came back to himself, he found his body draped over Cas' chest, face buried against his neck. Cas' legs had fallen to his sides, open and lax, and he slowly drew back, slipping out of the angel, felt his thighs shake slightly. He couldn't bring himself to lift his head yet, let alone his whole body, but his mind instantly jumped to the one important thing he had to make sure right now.
"Should I- can I touch you?" He knew he probably asked in vain, but he couldn't just sit there for fuck's sake, he had to- he needed- he-
His concern about Cas pressuring himself mixed with his own desperate need to go on, a very unhelpful voice chanting in his head that
Cas nodded furiously, signalising that he was riding the edge right alongside Dean, his arms coming around to circle Dean's shoulders, nails digging into Dean's skin, leaving scratch marks from his shoulder blades down to his lower back.
"Mhm." His hands started fidgeting, a distraction from his words, the images they brought. "We just let you. You needed rest. Sleep helps to-"
"Sometimes desire is not the need to have a mind-blowing orgasm, Cas", Dean said, a little smile playing around the corner of his mouth. "Sometimes actually having sex isn't just for that purpose, either. You can also have sex to feel close. But sometimes it doesn't need that. When it's just about feeling close to someone else...kissing or holding each other, heck even just lying next to each other can be enough to have that."
"Yeah, okay." Dean let his thumb stroke over the back of Cas' hand in a soothing gesture. "S-Should I...?"
Cas sounded sure, truthful, but there was a small crease appearing on his forehead as he kept looking at Dean, a flicker of doubt.
But of course that was just in his dreams. A world like that could not exist in the same universe as the one where Cas woke up in a cold sweat, with bruises tainting his skin, with dried blood on the sheets and memories he could never erase.
, he'd meant to say. But he didn't. There might not be enough time in Cas' eternal life to be truly healing from this.
"This...us. It's not easy for me. For multiple reasons", he confessed, looking down at their hands so he wouldn't have to meet Cas' eyes. "And just...in case...maybe I'll need time. PDA, that's not my...I want that", he assured, his heart leaping in his chest when he thought about them walking around in public, holding hands as they walked through the farmer's market, Cas feeding him samples of bread with flavoured honey, thoughtlessly kissing a smile on Cas' lips just because he felt like it, out for everyone to see. Damn, he was scared of it, but he wanted it so badly.
"Cas..." Dean bit his bottom lip, hard. "Yeah", he nodded frantically, unaware of the pleased smile spreading on Cas' face. "Right there. But don't- do too much", he warned, "or this'll be over before it even started."
This time when they're kissing, it starts slow and gentle, grows and develops - a carefully kindled flame that fuels into something hot and devouring until they're both hard and panting again, grasping at each other's skin, desperate mouths finding each other, trailing off again, kissing and licking and sucking wherever they happen to land. Dean has no idea how long they've gone on like this, it could be hours, days, he wouldn't care. All he knows is that suddenly, the friction of Cas grinding down against him isn't enough anymore.
"Night, Cas...", he mumbled to a man that was long gone, leaving Dean alone and at the mercy of his own mind.
"Dean." He could hear the shock in Cas' voice, felt how the warmth in his back began to pull away. "Oh, I'm so sor-"
kissing Cas! The realisation makes Dean freak out and relax at the same time, he feels his arms loosening their grip on the angel's shirt and wandering around his back instead, encircling him in a careful but tight embrace.
"You don't. You will never be able to comprehend the depth of what you've done for me, Dean. Even I find it hard to grasp sometimes. It's beyond description, beyond anything that I might be able to repay. But I will try anyway." He pauses for a second, furrowing his brow adorably. "The describing and the repaying, that is", he then adds for clarification, and Dean feels a giddy chuckle bubble out of his chest, mixing with those from their forgotten audience.
He forced his eyes not to shy away from that intense blue gaze fixed on him, took a deep breath, tried to steady himself, control his raging thoughts.
His fingers flexed involuntarily at the train of thought, squeezing Cas' cheek, and he felt the angel shudder above him, couldn't tell if it was in pleasure or discomfort.
A yeah. It's gonna be sufficient to have him there, have him in his sight - living, breathing proof that all of this happened, is still happening. Yeah, that's all Dean wants at the moment.
"As am I. We all are, Dean." It's true, but not like this, not like Dean is. "This world, it's broken. No one knows that better than you, but... it's also beautiful." Cas smiles, a smile Dean knows, from that day in the dungeon. He swallows thickly. "So you think you are broken, too? I tell you, you're not. Whatever it is you think is too damaged-"
"-people who want each other", Dean finished, not quite what Cas wanted to hear, but close enough for now. "There's more than one way to experience intimacy", Dean explained. "Just...physical closeness can be enough sometimes, better than having sex, even."
"You're my guidance and my direction", Cas says, hand lingering on his cheek, "you're my bravery and my strength. You're my protection, my safety, my shelter. You're my home. When we met, you were my mission, my charge. But you became so much more. You became everything.
"Cas, man...you're beautiful", he heard himself say as if in trance, only realising his words when it was already too late to take them back. A surge of panic rushed through his body. "I mean they-
Truth is, Dean has a tendency to always choose the version of the story where he's at fault. Makes it easier to maintain the mask he's learned to keep in place over the years. Easier to punish himself than the universe he has to keep living in either way.
And he couldn't even bring himself to regret it, not yet, not with the tension visibly seeping out of Cas' shoulders.
He wants to love Dean in a way that's like lightly running a finger over his soul until he finds a crack - and then gently fill his love into that fissure until it's healed. But Dean doesn't need Cas to fix him. He needs someone to love him while he fixes himself.
This is for him. Castiel, actual motherfucking angel of the lord is smiling like this because of the fucked-up wreck that is Dean Winchester, and he can't breathe. He surges forward, overcome by the desperate need to kiss Cas again, taste him on his tongue and fill his lungs with the scent of him. He needs it like he needs air and cheeseburgers and miraculously, Cas is just too willing to let him take as much as he desires.
Dean just nodded, surging in to kiss the angel again while his hand reached under the hem of Cas' boxers, closing his eyes as Cas broke the kiss with a groan when his fingertips trailed down the smooth skin of his length.
"Shit." Dean smiles wryly, drives a hand over his face. "Sorry, I- I didn't mean to do it like that, but..." He trails off, lowers his eyes to where Cas' fingers are still splayed out over his chest, absentmindedly starts stroking the back of each one so he has an excuse not to meet Cas' eye.
When Cas breaks away with the need to look at Dean's face, there's warmth in his eyes and a little smile in the corner of his mouth. Green eyes with pupils that are significantly dilated, and a mouth with red, kiss-swollen lips. It's a picture Cas has only seen in his imagination, but even that couldn't prepare him for the sheer beauty of it, the beauty of Dean. And this is because of
Cas nodded, still looking so lost yet hopeful, and Dean knew he could have asked for the moon and stars right now and Dean would have promised to give them to him.
Cas didn't make any sign to move, though, and Dean wasn't quite sure where to go from here. He'd been surprisingly calm while he'd been occupied, but now he could feel the significant shift in the air that came with reality rushing back in, demanding his attention. The clock on the wall reminded him that it was still the middle of the night, Cas was all patched up, as good as could be, anyway, and he really didn't have any more excuses to occupy his attention any longer.
Cas swallowed again, his eyes flitting between Dean's face and their lightly entwined fingers. Finally, he nodded.
, Cas who had stolen his way into Dean's life, had slowly found his way into Dean's heart and built a home there, so gradually at first that Dean hadn't even realized it before it was too late. He'd been a total goner by the time he knew what was happening, and Dean knew that by now he was in far too deep. He simply wouldn't survive it if one day Cas left after all.
"Yeah." He mirrors Cas' position, looks down and pretends to concentrate on playing with the blanket. "Yeah, Cas, I know. Thanks. But I don't...don't even remember it."
and I can't-" He trails off, sighs. "This bond between us, that's more than a connection of an angel saving a soul. It was
"Yes." Cas bites his bottom lip and follows Dean's gesturing hand with his eyes. "I...ah. I thought I could do something...nice. To celebrate, you know? The...engagement?" He presses his lips together, voice going a little higher at the last word, but a goofy smile breaking through nevertheless.
"We can try again, if you still want to", Cas offered, but there was too much hesitation, too much insecurity in his voice for Dean's liking. He wouldn't let Cas push himself, and certainly not because he thought Dean wanted him to. So he shook his head.
Warm breath ghosts over his ear and neck where he can feel goosebumps forming on his skin. And oh fuck that means he's cuddling. With a man. And he's the fucking
He couldn't suppress the whine ripping out of his throat when the tip of Dean's length finally pressed inside him. Dean's lips descended on his, and Cas welcomed them gratefully, felt the flashes of phantom sensations stirring at the back of his mind, but this was different, this was slow and gentle instead of rough and careless, the glide smooth -this was
"I haven't worn my coat in so long. I enjoyed having it with me again. I just wanted to keep it for as long as possible", Cas shrugged, knowing exactly what Dean was snickering about.
, the flush colouring his chest, the sheen of sweat forming on his skin, the way he arched his back when Dean sucked a nipple into his mouth, how he threw his head back, bit his lip with a choked off gasp.
He's on his feet before he's even made the decision to move. The book lies forgotten on his mattress. Cas grabs the trenchcoat that's draped over a chair in passing, throws it over his pyjamas while he flies through the door. His bare feet echo loudly on the tiles as he hurries through the darkness. He doesn't care to switch the light on. His feet would know the way blindfolded.
seeing him, actually wanted to see him. All of him, flaws and stains and broken pieces, and Cas knew what he meant, had found the same wish in his heart more than once, the desire to be able to share everything with Dean, everything he had to give, to have Dean
"Oh", he repeats, lighthearted and naively accepting. "I thought you were. But well." He shrugs lightly, gives them his most beaming and innocent smile. "Good you are now. Congratulations!"
"Oh, right. Would you like me to take your dreams from you?", he asks, and Dean is tempted to take him up on the offer, take the easy way, the normal this-is-what-we-do way. But it's not what he wants.
"Oh, yeah." Dean turns with a grin, kneeling down, facing the chair Sam is sitting on. "Come here." He pats his hand against his thigh and the dog lying next to his brother's chair immediately jumps up, wagging his tail as he follows Dean's call, carrying two silver rings that are placed on a cushion in his snout (yeah it's super cheesy, and yeah Dean has spent an unreasonable amount of time training Miracle to carry that cushion. Sue him.)
Cas looked back at Dean, but he didn't stop pulling on the fabric until it caught on Dean's arms, and the hunter could do nothing but stare back, his hands moving of their own accord to help get free of the garment.
Sam knows that Cas had seen Dean's memories when he raised him out of Hell all those years ago, but Cas had once assured a very agitated Dean that he'd stored that information away in his mind somewhere, accessing it only if explicitly asked to.
Cas looked at him for a long moment, a sea of uncertainty in his blue eyes, but then he nodded hesitantly.
Cas closed his eyes and breathed, mentally preparing himself to apply just a bit more pressure and finally push inside Dean's waiting body when he felf fingers grasping for his free hand, searching, holding onto him, or maybe rather having Cas hold onto them. His eyes opened to find Dean's, a soft knowing smile on his hunter's lips, and Cas pressed his lips together from the wave of emotion rolling over him. He squeezed Dean's hand in a silent thank you, felt its warmth and comfort as the calming weight it was supposed to be, anchoring him in the present.
"I really gotta remember to get that cloth before we start next time", Dean mumbled, regretfully squirming out of Cas' embrace to quickly vanish into the bathroom.
"'M not that drunk", was all he could mumble, watched as Cas lifted a hand, finally moving, two fingers reaching out, just hovering in front of his forehead.
"To a certain degree. They regenerate, but not to this amount." Cas nodded to the feathers already laying on the floor to their feet, the result of his wings stretching for the first time in months.
He's about to bring the glass to his lips again when Cas' face pops up in front of his inner eye, blue gaze sad as he looks out over the lake.
"If you're sure, I guess..." Sam looks at Miracle again, calm and peaceful on the floor and decides that it can't hurt. Cas has been around for the creation of the world, he should be able to look after a dog for a few hours, right? "Yeah", Sam says, slowly nodding his head, "thanks, Cas."
He guessed Dean had made the decision for him. Everything was better than having to go home alone, to a silent, empty bunker, lying awake all night, wondering where Dean was, what he was doing, with someone that wasn't Cas, when he'd come home, if he'd come home at all that night.
His biggest breakthrough had happened yesterday at the store. Dean was more comfortable around the bunker now, also outside of their room and in front of Sam and Eileen. Even though, if he thinks about it...comfortable isn't really the right term. He's been comfortable from the start, as comfortable as can be expected in a new situation you never thought you'd find yourself in, anyway. He's comfortable with showing Cas affection, he just isn't
"Shhhhh. Hey." Dean brought their hands to his mouth, kissed it just as Cas had done before. "I know. It's okay", he promised. "It's okay, sweetheart. I'm scared too. This is scaring the shit outa me, not gonna lie." Dean released an unsteady breath, smiled a crooked smile. "But I'm so goddamn tired of fighting myself. This can be a good thing, Cas. This. Us. Let me show you."
Bear with the bunch of description, there'll be more dialogue in the next one...oh and not beta read, obvs. You know the game by now.
Perhaps it had even been the kiss. Their kiss. Dean hadn't asked for permission, he'd just given in to his own desire and
Why was Dean suddenly acting so strange? He had never been the one to pull away from anything they had done, had always been calm and steady and encouraging Cas when he struggled. But this-
"Yeah." Dean shrugged his shoulders. "I dunno, man. I'm just...gonna think about that when the time comes."
Dean pressed his teeth together, praying he wouldn't have to regret this. But Sam sighed in relief, rubbing tired eyes. His brother was right, he needed sleep (so did Dean, but he couldn't even think of closing his eyes), and Dean knew he needed to see Cas, just once, just one more time.
"It was the night I didn't come home a few months ago", he finally said, quiet, struggling to keep his voice steady. "I'd actually..."
At least they were far from done. There was still so much left for Cas to unpack, for both of them, so much they still needed to talk about, so much they still needed to do, so much they still needed to
"Yeah. Over there." Dean points his finger across the surface of water spreading out in front of them.
Dean couldn't blame him. But he also knew that he couldn't let Cas go on that way, not when it was his only motivation to get it over with, not when he wasn't ready, body and mind.
. He can't even try and fix the mess he's made without making an even bigger one. "I don't want this", he says then, because he doesn't, he wishes he didn't have to, "I don't want to push you away, okay? I just- fuck, I just don't want you to be unhappy..."
- and Cas felt himself relax into the pressure as he realized there would be no pain. And all the while Dean kept kissing him through it, Cas latching onto Dean's lips like a starving man, trying to convey his relief and gratitude through presses of lips, the little sounds breathed into the space between them.
Anyway, I'm not happy that I'm taking so long for these last few chapters (I'll probably go for 3 more after this) but I'm not forcing myself to write either, don't worry. If I write I do it because I feel like it and it makes me happy, just wanted to say that so you're not concerned I'm having more stress bc I don't wanna leave you guys hanging or anything!💙
"Course, Cas." Dean made a little shrug, raised his eyebrows. "You need my help? You think this is the way to go? We're gonna do it. Together."
"Oh, I don't know."  Sammy comes to stand next to him, Dean can see how he leans his hip against the cupboard, arms crossed in front of his chest. "Maybe because I'm your brother and I know when something's off with you? Maybe because I'm worried?" Dean ignores the expectant pause, focuses on the movement of the sponge in his hand. He hears Sam's sigh and rubs harder.
But he doesn't need it. What makes it special is that Sam and Dean are here. They are his home and maybe...maybe he is theirs, too.
He made sure to go up to four fingers before he declared Cas to be ready, just to be sure, he didn't want to take any risks, not for this first time, determined to keep his angel as comfortable as possible even when his throbbing reaction screamed at him to hurry up, the mere thought of that tight heat he'd felt clenching around his fingers nearly enough to undo him.
), but he really couldn't care less, not with the thought that he's being claimed by Cas, not with the knowledge that he'll finally get to wear Cas' mark again.
Warmth surrounding him, wrapping him up, warmth around his shoulders, warmth against his cheek, warmth beneath his palm.
But it had just been the exhaustion, the defeat speaking out of his helpless, tired brain after he'd finally surrendered. Deep down, Cas knew he didn't deserve this, was not the one to blame. Because how could it be a bad thing, the things he'd wished for and dreamed of? Even these human desires were born out of a place of love, so how could they be wrong? How could they be anything but pure?
"No. It wasn't me." Cas shakes his head, wrinkling his brow the way he does when he tries really hard to grasp something that escapes his understanding. "I- I was ready for it to take me", he says, and the truthfulness of it makes his way into Dean's heart like a splinter. "It should've- Why didn't it take me? I don't understand." The angel looks around the room as if he were expecting to find the answer written on the wall next to the many sigils that hadn't protected them, or maybe even expecting to find the Empty still lurking in a corner. But there's nothing. They're alone, alone together, and the silence is pressing but not deafening, not drowning (not how it would be
Not that Dean wasn't scared. He was. But he trusted Cas. As the angel had said - who to give himself to if not Cas? And he had longed, fantasized, wanted it for so long it overpowered his fear.
"Really?" Cas isn't sure what to make of this. Dean is obviously still half-asleep and doesn't know what he's saying or doing. Is he taking advantage when he just...lets him? Is this wrong? Will Dean remember in the morning and hate him for using him like this? Will he-
Cas' breathing slowed, his shoulders relaxed, the tension flowing out of his rigid body as his brain finally caught up with the picture in front of him. He remembered now. The dream. Dean gone. Then Dean
He stares at the white ceiling, counts the little cracks in the paint above his head. He should maybe renovate the place some time.
The words were out before he could take them back, followed by a silence that lay heavy on Cas' ears.
He sighed, looked at Dean, really looked at him - his pale face and wide green eyes and lost expression - and the storm in Cas settled.
to them. This is something he can understand. This is something he can work with, something he can fight, something-
. "The handprint, the visible mark, is gone because Cas healed it, but when Cas saved Dean from hell, they forged a connection that goes deeper than the usual bond between humans. Or any beings, I suppose."
Okay, actually he'd imagined plenty, he'd just never thought there was any chance of it becoming a reality. And in none of his wildest fantasies could he have prepared for Cas to be this breathtaking, spread out beneath him, his chest flushed and covered in a sheen of sweat, fingers digging into the flesh of Dean's hips, lips swollen and slightly parted, brow furrowed in pleasure. He was perfect.
"I don't care what your mind says." Cas' voice is steady and determined when he finally decides on the words. "You deserve to be happy."
Cas hummed in confirmation, fascinated by the way Dean's breathing was picking up, the colour on his cheeks slowly spreading down over his neck and collarbone to cover his chest.
"But."  He didn't even know what he wanted to say. What could he possibly say to that? "You don't...you can't just..."
"I know, Dean", Cas tells him. The corner of his mouth twitches upwards, crooked and beautiful. "I love you, too."
And for the first time, just before they fell asleep, Dean finally leaned over and kissed him goodnight.
Cas' hands were so warm and soft against his skin, his eyes so wide with something that looked suspiciously close to awe, and Dean really struggled not to lose himself in the sight, the feeling,
"Do we need a reason?" Dean doesn't mean to sound harsh, but he can't swallow the uncomfortable feeling in his chest. He doesn't know why it's there. It shouldn't be there. He doesn't want it to be there. Sam and Eileen know, he wants the rest of his family to know too, including Jack. He knows no one is going to judge. They'll all be happy for them, Dean just knows they will be. And this is their son,
Dean's hands stroked down Cas' back, gliding seamlessly over the texture of the scars beneath his shoulder blades, secretly proud that Cas didn't even flinch anymore at the contact. He skipped over Cas' hipbone, smoothed his palm over Cas' thigh, enjoying the movement of the muscle underneath. His brain was caught in a space between the dizzy pleasure of Cas' kisses and touches, and the alert awareness that allowed him to control his own movements, watching out for Cas' reactions, file everything away in his mind.
"Shit, okay." Movement behind him, Dean lifting a hand again. "Don't be shocked, I'm gonna start now", he announced, still waiting until Cas hummed in acknowledgement.
Dean closed his eyes, overwhelmed by that simple sentence, his heart fluttering pathetically in his chest.
Cas smiles at him, and then he feels himself drawn in, a soft kiss pressed to his lips, easy and tender. An answer. A promise. And
There was general concern in Cas' eyes, and Dean hated it, hated knowing that it was concern for someone that
Cas took in a breath, and finally there was hesitation in his eyes, a plea of their own forming in the blue depths. If Dean just knew how to give what they were asking for.
Buttttt I couldn't resist and gotta throw in some more self-promo here, because yes, I'm already planning the next spn fic!! Actually I've been planning it for some weeks now and am gonna start writing it from now on, the short little prologue was posted today, and who knows, maybe some of you guys would be interested in giving that a look, so
"Would you have...would you have thought of me?", the thought took form and slipped out of his mouth. "If you'd gone to the bathroom?"
"Does it..." Cas threw a glance at him from the corner of his eye before turning his head back and watching his hands in his lap. "...does it bother you?"
Cas' heart ached for the man who was still wrapped around him so tightly, and he instinctively clenched his fingers to fist at the back of Dean's tee, like a physical reminder that he would never let him go.
"Okay." Sam placed a gentle hand on his brother's arm, torn between the sickness in his stomach and relief that the cause of this whole mess was gone. "But he's gone now, right?", he asked, just to be sure.
Cas' eyes go impossibly soft at that, a little smile at the corner of his mouth. How does he look happy and sad at the same time?
"It's fine", Dean's mouth snaps much more forcefully than intended, his body retreating from the angel's outstretched hand as if by reflex, pressing against the cupboard.
to Cas. Nothing that would matter. He's been thinking about it a lot. He's been thinking about it too much. He's written whole pages of monologue in his head, a million ways to apologize to an angel (honestly, it's probably a lot easier to die in the West, ok), found them all to be empty and pathetic and scratched them out again.
Now, let's finally see how Cas reacts to that unexpected kiss we ended on last time, shall we! I'd love to hear your thoughts!! <3
"Yours...yours, too?", he asked, just to be sure, biting his lip to stifle a moan when Cas nodded again, lifting his hips off the bed to make it easier for Dean to pull them down.
Doing GISH rn, so it took a little longer, but here we finally are. I'm so happy yall seemed to have liked the last chapter, your comments have all been so amazing and kind. And even tho I haven't really been answering any comments recently, my friend Charlie will confirm that I read and cherish every one of them, seeing that little 0 behind my inbox turn into a 1 gives me such an adrenaline kick, it can't be healthy.
"Actually, there is..." He bites his bottom lip and Dean's breath catches in his throat. "Something...something
His sleep is restless, haunted by words that sound wrong spoken to him but warm his very bone, lips that should feel wrong pressed against his but don't, hands that were made to perform miracles yet disgrace themselves with touching his damnable human skin.
It's what happens to him as soon as he leaves the comfort of their room that keeps Dean up at night. It's what happens to him as soon as he steps out into the world, how he can't bring himself to show his feelings there, not even in front of Sam and Eileen, who know and are happy for them. The rest of their family knows too, by now. They had invited Jody and Donna over a week ago, both of them with brilliant smiles on their faces when they hugged them, several renditions of
"Let me", Cas said, and it was so soft Dean couldn't stand it. He had to close his eyes when the fingers touched him, like a gentle caress, sparks of cool grace flowing into his body and removing the last traces of alcohol from his system. Then they were gone, the grace and the fingers, and Dean could breathe again.
He could see those blue eyes widening at his words, heard the little hitch in his breath. A small smile curled the corner of the angel's mouth, but there was an edge of doubt to it, a sense of insecurity, and for a second Dean almost thought Cas might withdraw from him, recoil from his words, his touch, his presence.
not straight. Right here, right now, he was pretty sure he'd never felt anything as amazing as this, feeling his angel inside him, being one with the person he loved. And he didn't care one single bit, John Winchester's voice nothing but a faint memory while he let Cas surround him with his body, mind and soul.
Cas nodded, kissing Dean a last time before reluctantly backing away enough to roll them over, Dean hovering over him instead, losing no time to wind his arms around the hunter's back and pull him back in for another kiss, slow and deep.
Their mouths easily find each other's by now, and Cas uses the advantage of their new position to hook one foot over Dean's legs that are slotted between his own. Dean moans against his lips at the pressure it provides, and before they know who started it, they've established a slow rhythm, grinding against each other, searching for friction through the barrier of their pants. Cas just contemplates the best method to reduce the number of annoying clothes separating them and reaches for the hem of Dean's shirt when the hunter breaks the kiss, searching his eyes.
Cas' eyes flickered between Dean's lips and the mattress, as if he was contemplating if he should surge forward for a kiss again or if the promise of more had been one for the future.
"What if my grace never fully recharges?", Cas asked quietly. "What if the scars left by the sigil will always keep me from returning to my full power? What use am I to you, or to Sam? To any of you? If I can't help you anymore? And now I thought...when you told me you wanted..I thought maybe this could be something I could give you at least, and then I- I couldn't even do that, Dean, and I just-"
. Big word for him. He'd always felt it everywhere. Almost home. Almost happy. Almost fine. Almost changed. Almost ready.
Cas lowered his head, but Dean didn't let him, carefully lifting his chin to resume their eye contact.
I hope you guys like this one. It was a hard one for me. I'm never gonna be happy with it anyway, so here we go.
Cas knew the song well, had always associated it with Dean, every word expressing what he wished he could tell him.
Dean had been gentle and considerate from the beginning, and maybe it was just Cas' imagination, but ever since they had tried and failed to take the next step, he thought to notice that Dean was even more cautious, keeping his touches light and asking permission even more often than before.
"Ah, I wouldn't be so sure about that if I were you", he says, but sits down nevertheless and she grins. "You should've heard him. Telling everyone with ears how you took out those vamps all by yourself."
"I mean why now?", Dean asked, desperately clinging to every straw. "You never tried to pick someone up before. Why now? Why today?"
If they were to take that step, that leap - it would have to be the hunter's choice, his to make and his to set the pace. If he couldn't...Cas would keep waiting. (To him, honest love is less about how much you would do for someone, and more about how long you would wait, unable to do anything at all. If that's what it takes, Cas knows he would wait forever.)
The angel had looked so downcast, so disappointed and broken. It was even worse than the initial anger. Dean could take anger directed his way. But disappointment?
"I'll just get my stuff and we can go home", he mumbled, pushing past Cas. The angel didn't look up.
"Cas, look at me", he asks, and Cas obeys immediately, blue eyes dark and misty with pleasure and exhaustion. "Please, try to stay with me, ok?"
He wished he could build a cocoon of warmth and comfort with his own body, wished he could shield Cas from all the evils of the world, from any sort of pain, without and within, wished he could create a place for him,
Cas looks up at that, a wrinkle in his brow, and Dean isn't sure if he preferred not having the piercing gaze of those eyes on him or the relief that he looks at him at all. He would like to reach out and take Cas' hand, but he doesn't dare, he might already be pushing his boundaries enough as it is. Instead, he searches the angel's gaze and is pleased to find that Cas doesn't avert his eyes.
