After the children were put to bed, Sherlock Holmes stared in frustration at his partner.  “How can you not understand these formulas, John?” he asked, “You use them when you shoot.”
Pointing at the white circles on the field of green he told his
John and Sherlock exchanged the not-quite-a-surprise of DNA Ancestry tests - multiple versions so that the results could be compared.  Siger shouted in joy at a series of musical cds - instrumental and choral - that he insisted Sherlock put on the player immediately.    Their boy did get toys and books as well, but the CDs were the highlight of his gift receiving that year.
John Watson had not thought it would be anything other than ordinary at home. And yet, he wasn't certain what to expect.
Rosalind’s sigh was a soft, gurgling, unhappy sound, and she slipped over sideways until she leaned against her sister, head on Miri’s shoulder.  “I am sorry, father, for lying.”  It was an awful position for it, but she signed her words as well.
Kissing can mean so very many different things.  Depending entirely on who is doing the kissing.
Mycroft’s and Greg’s house accommodated the relatively small number of people gracefully.  Ross and Miri asleep in the children’s room.  Siger and Em and Danny continued their building of a dinosaur village in the parlor under the supervision of Sherlock, whose slender fingers took copious notes on his mobile as he observed their play.  Most of the rest of the adults congregated in the movie room to watch The Kingsman, James Bond, and A Christmas Carol.  Mycroft ghosted about from room to room, playing host, supplying drink and eventual food, and giving himself the necessary space to maintain his equilibrium in this invasion of goldfish into his very private life.  Greg caught him in the foyer, pulling his partner into a quiet snog in relative privacy.  “Happy Christmas, love,” Greg spoke close and quiet.
Uncle Greg.  Would she get him in trouble?  Would there be inferences of favoritism? Had the person who targeted her for this known that she was connected?  Or did they think she was just an ordinary art student?  Was this meant to cause problems for her uncle?  Or for her father?  Sherlock Holmes was a name to conjure with, if it came to that.
Miranda nodded wisely, “
Drying his hands, James grinned.  Maths was the best class!
John nodded and snuggled Ross closer in his  arms.  “True.  I am keeping that in mind, Siger.”
Chapter 9: John goes home.
John gave her smile, “Good attention to detail.  One of the best things you need when you’re writing.”
finished his memory work before responding to his spouse.  “Of course I am.  And Siger comes up with these himself.  It’s all part of Siger’s development, John.”
Once the dough was rolled, Mrs. Hudson dipped the cutters in flour, and allowed Siger to slice the tin edges down into the cream coloured biscuit dough.  He cut out a score of donkeys, camels, and angels.
.  Daddy could walk fast too, although his legs were not as long as
“Wonderful,”
Sherlock was in the hallway grabbing his Belstaff, as he said, “I’m on my way.”
“Truer words were never spoken, John,” said Mycroft from the doorway.
Christmas Baking Book for Children by Abigail Wheatley.
Certainly it was not a children’s book.  But John’s time spent reading bits and pieces to their offspring at night from the creaking rocking chair had switched the collection to which Sherlock felt it belonged.
Daddy had tea set out on the sitting room table, in the white china teapot, and with all of the special dishes.  That meant this was a special tea.  There were currant rocks, and small sandwiches, bottles for the babies.  In the center was a wreath of evergreen, with candles sticking up.  Three were purple, and one was pink. While
“This your sisters’ first Christmas, then?” the thin man, Ben, asked.
The broom closet now held two gallon jugs of bleach, and a moderate amount of cleaning supplies.  The medical kit under the bathroom sink was re-stocked – that was nothing unnatural.  John was always updating and ensuring that supplies were available for unexpected health situations.
“Too late for that, isn’t it?” John nodded toward Sherlock’s bare hands, now marked with the fair base.
“May I have a tie as well, Uncle Mycroft?” Siger pleaded with hopeful eyes.
, or Old Befana, told about Christmas in foreign lands that celebrated differently from Siger’s home in London.  He also read in French, which Daddy did not.
He gave a huffing sigh.  “Let me see if there’s one that we can share, just us first.  Then we’ll read with Miri Cat and Siger.  Alright?”
Greg took a bite.  “You’re thinking dresses for the girls, right?  A suit for Siger?”
Sherlock grimaced, “We were otherwise occupied, as you well know.”  He watched John gather their offspring together on the overstuffed chair with the flag cushion tossed at him.  Their son perched on the arm, while Miranda and Rosalind climbed into their Daddy’s lap.  “Siger, it is for an adventure.  Which means that it might be difficult at times, and uncomfortable.  Are you all willing to suffer with Uncle Mycroft and your cousins?”
John could feel the weight of that tiredness hit him as they exited the cab at Baker Street later on that evening. It made him slower in keeping up with the chatter from his partner.  Sherlock had talked all the way from the Met, and was still going on about a scattershot variety of topics.  “We’re behind schedule, John,” his best friend chided him as he unlocked the black-painted front door of 221.
Returning to the sitting room, he places the mug where his flatmate can find it, rather than attempting to hand it as the taller man scrolls through crime scene photographs on his computer.  Blindly the dark-haired detective reaches for his mug, takes a sip, and makes a humming sound of contentment.
said, “I’ve ordered take-away for supper.  Did you have a film you’d like to watch?”
A year ago Siger would have been waiting at the baby-gate. Miri sat there now, and gave a soft “coo” of greeting.
’s footprints in the grass and mud when his father popped out from behind a bush.  “Good tracking, Siger,”
They’d attempted to prepare Miri for meeting Father Christmas this year.  Last year she’d taken a fright and cried hysterically.  Ross had yanked on the poor man’s beard, which was more or less permanently attached since it was his actual facial hair.
Those two heads together, one with wild red curls, the other much darker, as the pair of them gabbled on about seeds and stock, about genetic variants, about loam and other varieties of earth.  Other than the difference in pitch, the pair sounded much alike.  Rosalind and Miranda were seated at their brother and father’s feet listening intently to their discussion.
“The what?”  Sherlock Holmes asked startled.
They stopped their play at the mention of their names.  Miri said cheerfully, “I want a monitor for Daddy and Pere!”
John Watson, hauling the ladder from its place in Mrs. Hudson’s storage closet,  growled, “I swear, Sherlock, that next year you will be doing this by yourself.  I can always go upstairs and relieve Bert of baby duty.”
“Everyone should have a rainbow,” said little Joy. Then with the impressive certaintly of her red-hairedfather, “Everyone.”
Siger gave that some thought.  “Uncle Mycroft’s guest room?”
was good at sharing with Siger, and with Daddy for the most part.  He did not really have to share with Miri or Ross as yet.  Uncle Lestrade shared with Uncle Mycroft, and Daddy, and with Siger, but not with
It was a good way to close the door on his work day. No thought of politics, or plague. He was washed away from all of that  chaos and distress by the warmth and enthusiasm of the children.  Soon he and Joy would be sitting down at table with his son, his brother, and his brother’s family.
“Cream tea? Said Siger hopefully.
, and
“We both know that you are going to bother me with something I don’t wish to discuss.  What is it?” rumbled out Sherlock’s morning voice.
John Watson was scrubbing the bathtub, surrounded by the nose searing smell of chlorine bleach.  “Hey, Dad,” Siger notified his father of his presence.  The household knew better than to surprise John Watson.
“You know,” Sherlock told his boy, as he hugged back, “Before your father, there was only The Work.  Before you.  And Ross.  And Miranda.”
Another deep sigh. Really, John was sighing altogether too much lately.  “Alright, we’ll go.”
Siger ran upstairs to get his stuffed soccer ball, dug out of the pile of plush items in Miri’s crib.  He didn’t play with it much, as Miri had commandeered it, and liked to drool on the plush. His Dad has put out his football shirt this morning, and was wearing his own, even though “their team” was not playing.  Uncle Greg’s was, and when he arrived, carrying a paper sack filled with snacks and beer, it was an arrival draped in the Arsenal colours.
John Watson rested his chin on Sherlock’s chest.  “Well, it’s Christmas presents.  And I’ve never had a brother before.  Now I have two.  And I think we should give them something special.”
Siger was wildly excited by the thought of receiving mail.  With Christmas approaching there had been an influx of personal correspondence in the form of Christmas cards, which he was given the responsibility of opening.  As he was not allowed to open the big front door, he had taken to visiting Grammy Hudson at about the time so that she could turn the brass knob and pull the door for him.
Well.  That would take forever.  Siger climbed up into
Sherlock made a noncommittal noise and swooped past John downstairs into the office kitchen to examine his petri dishes filled, hopefully, with mold.
“Nonsense,” scoffed
Then there had been the interaction with Sherlock and John.  “Mycroft, you’re not to bring her home in any caricature or version of Princess Charlotte’s clothing.  No ‘pop culture’ trash either,” had been Sherlock’s most offensive response.
(See the end of the chapter for
My apologies.  I started a chapter, and it became quite long and involved.  And so it will be posted as a separate story altogether.
His children were not napping.  They rarely did anymore.  Indeed, Siger, Ross, and Miranda were no longer within the bounds of Mrs. Hudson’s tiny backyard.
said in his deep, comforting voice, “I have no idea what type of creature that might be.”  “Possibly a beef roast” his
That made John snicker.  “They’re still complaining about your explosives experiments?”
“I feel that you already know what I am going to say,” John said helplessly.
Sherlock took his arm and moved into the kitchen.  “Do you think that Rosalind might be delayed?” he asked in a hushed voice.
“Yes, but what do we call Rosalind for short then?  If not “Sweet’?  Because that belongs to you, doesn’t it, Siger?” John said.
responded, wincing as Ross yanked again. “Your sister has quite a grip, hasn’t she?”
And no, though I could do the whole tying thing, I did not pick anyone up.  We went there to dance.  And so we did.  All night long.
“This bothers you,” Sherlock stated the obvious.  So that they were clear.
He must be getting somewhere close to the end, mustn’t he?  It was taking longer than he remembered.  Siger was tiring.
They examined the black and white and red of the illustrations.  Daddy said, “Well, that’s it.  Time for bed, Miss Ross and Miss Miranda!” and bustled the babies off to their cribs.
Siger, long red curls framing his face as he looked down at the dark haired doll-like person in his arms, was examining her intently.  Observing, as his father would say.  Soaking up information like a sponge, as his daddy often stated.
?  Who is that?” Siger asked pointing at the red setter.
John groaned and put his head down.  “Alright.  Order it online.  From bloody Madagascar for all I care.”
That did make Daddy snort.  Though he was not supposed to.  Daddy said that laughing when Siger acted like
Daddy was sitting on the floor trying to get Ross to learn the sign for bottle.  Miri knew the sign, and so did Ross, but for some reason Ross never used her signs around Daddy.  She usually got Miri or Siger to translate.  Siger didn’t mind.  But Daddy didn’t like it.  And so he would spend extra time working with Ross on her signs.
“The solstice.  Today is the Winter solstice.” John replied.
told his son, “Is Redbeard.  He was Mycroft’s dog first, and then he was my dog.  We loved him very much.  But when Uncle Mycroft went away to school he could not take Redbeard with him.”
“Will,” Siger said thoughtfully and carefully, “You’re going to have to go in your snug sack.”
“Jeanette sent us her new recording.  Christmas music, but it ends with Flight of the Bumblebee,” Sherlock told his spouse, and ignoring his protest.
“We are never going back to that shop, Sherlock.  Not ever again.” John dropped his not particularly well done character in the cab on the ride home.
“Of course, brother mine,” was the reply.
I have to go to bed by day
“When he was a child, Siger.   He did not stick with it,” Mycroft told him.  He felt smug at the pun, even if no one else understood it.
, and Siger, and Miri and Ross.  And this is the Christmas tree.”
were supposed to do that.”
Sherlock could have roamed the world. Once Moriarty’s organization was stamped out, there were so many places to explore.  But they were not London.  And those places did not have John Watson.  When he did return, his homecoming was not what he expected.
As the police constable was now shining the torch directly onto his identification, John noticed the sergeant pulling the lid from the box to take a look inside.  “Really,” John was saying, “You don’t want to do look in there,” when the sergeant shouted and dropped the box, spilling severed hands across the dirt lane.
He’d had to talk quick when the Elf (what was her name, Jolie?  June?) had arrived, very late for her shift.  She’d asked where Sam was, but it was easy enough to tell her that Sam was in hospital from a car smash.
John hummed.  “How much do you think would be enough for a three-year-old to spend?” he asked.
Siger climbed down and looked through the slatted walls of the crib into Will’s bright eyes.  Will lifted his little arms to be picked up, and Siger complied without thought, dragging Will over the edge of the wooden crib.  The warm, flannel-clad baby was heavy in his arms.  Siger did not think he could hold Will and climb down the ladder.  Will smacked baby lips at his cousin.  “That is not helpful, Will,” Siger told him.
Trying out the 221B format.
,” Siger told him seriously, and then buzzed a little.
.  It was a tale out of Norway, of trolls and a hunter who had captured a great white bear, and a Christmas night that none of those involved would ever forget.  Siger thought
“Best make every Christmas a good one,” his partner pointed out.
While Grammy Hudson sorted through the pile, Siger climbed the mountain of steps that lead to the sitting room.  Unfortunately, the baby gate at the top barred his way.  Siger thought about being big.  He thought of climbing over the gate.  He had, however, promised his Daddy that he would not attempt it.  Siger had no desire to break his neck.  That sounded bad, even though Daddy had not explained what happened when a neck was broken.
“Père! Regardez Miranda être un chien!” sounded Siger’s treble from the sitting room.
That earned him a grin - sometimes it was a good thing to be the straight man.  “Of course, not, John.  It’s the middle of the night.  Mycroft is certain to be fast asleep.  As we shall be soon, in nice, comfy beds at Holmes House.”
Siger nodded, engrossed in moving Lego Pirates stealthily in search of adventure within the environs of his imaginative world.
What would the holiday season be without sweets?
“Wuv,” Siger lisped.  Then, looking down at his new baby sister he said softly to her, “Wosawind Wuv.”
Sherlock gave him a grin  before taking a swig from his own tumbler.  Wrinkling his nose he offered, “Scotch is not my drink.  But this is not as offensive as some of the whiskey you’ve brought into this flat.”
Next was a wig, of course, not too long - only to the jawline - but decidedly a female cut.  It was an auburn colour, which , Sherlock said, went with the fairer base.  Sherlock continued his commentary with, “People see, but they do not observe.” The children had heard that many times before.  “Your Daddy is, to our eyes, still a man.  We know he is a man.  But going out, we will notice that, if your Daddy walks correctly in those shoes, for this brief outing, he will appear to be female to the general populace.  Now if he wanted to appear as a woman for a longer period of time, or to a more intensive audience, then he’d need more training in basic behaviors.  And practice in modulating his voice.”
“Mr. Holmes is exacting.  But I didn’t need to tell you that, did I?” Anna smiled and took a sip of her own strong, black coffee.  “Did you and the younger Mr. Holmes, or perhaps Dr. Watson, discuss what to do next?  You are all welcome to stay here, even after Mr. Holmes and Mr. Lestrade return.”
Sherlock, true to his self-description from so long ago, said nothing. He did, however, continue to observe his spouse.
“Afternoon, young Master Holmes,” the postman smiled down at Siger, then over at Mrs. Hudson who gave a flirty wink from behind the little boy.  “Plenty of mail for you today.  Can you hold it all?” the older man said as he proffered the rather large pile of envelopes - Christmas cards, bills, and inquiries for the consultancy - and packages.
!”  Siger had even allowed Ross and Miri to help him make it.
Mycroft Holmes’ housekeeper placed a dish of ripe, luscious smelling strawberries and cream in front of her guest, and sat down to her own late morning snack of strawberries.  “You are welcome, Martha.  Please let me know if you need anything while you are here.  Please eat the strawberries.  There are plenty, and they will spoil if we don’t finish them.”
“Thank you, Siger, for your very helpful encouragement.  Consider it as volunteering to take the garbage down to the bins,” John called over his shoulder.
Miranda went first, as they were uncertain whether or not she’d stay.  She stared, silent.  The worn and frizzy false beard was peeling just under Father Christmas’s red ear.  Instead of talking to the man, Miri reached up to pull at the edge, instead.
“No, thank you, Daddy,” Siger told him, “I shall be quite alright.”
She gave a little jump, then hurried after them down the hallway.  “Mycroft’s house, now.  Not what I imagined.”
Daddy was really looking much better when they took his tray in.  He was sitting with Ross and Miri on the big bed and singing Christmas carols with them.  Well, Daddy was singing, and Miri was humming, and Ross  was banging one of the rubber bees on a plastic bowl.
John’s hug enveloped his boy and the oversized picture book.  “Perhaps not a live reindeer, Siger.  They don’t really come in  a miniature size.”
Ah, the joys of fatherhood.
Greg stopped chuckling and took a long swallow of his lager.  With practiced hands he managed the pasta, and soon the broccoli and prawns were seated in a soft linguini bed.  The garlic and olive oil were deglazed from the pan with a splash of wine from Mycroft’s bottle.  The resultant sauce drizzled over prawns, broccoli, linguini and all.
The wooden bedroom door creaked open and a serious little sprite appeared, moving slowly, and carrying a plate topped by a slightly sloshing bowl that steamed and gave off a savoury aroma.  Sherlock’s stomach growled.
Ross sniffled.  “I want to go back to my cot.”
“You were going to have Siger ask the Garden Centre for information personally?  There’s a man I know who might be a better primary resource.  It would be helpful to have Miranda and Rosalind meet him as well.  There is a cottage we can go to for the weekend.”
That was sad.  But at least Daddy and
“Thought that would make you laugh,” John said with contentment.
When Sherlock continued the conversation his own tea was cold. John was on his second cup and working his way through a queue of emails. “When do you leave?”
Siger cocked his head, and said consideringly, “
“Of course, we’re encouraging this, Sherlock!”  Shorter, pugnacious, John Watson’s avatar was bouncing on the balls of his feet, ready to head out for a case in worn blue jeans, a blue and green plaid shirt, and his grey windcheater.
reading about some children who had made a magic city out of books.  Siger supposed that one day he might read that story to his sisters.  And when Daddy and
Martha would be able to dine out on the experience for weeks!  Of course, was one more good story enough to make up for the annoyance of dealing with insurance and auditors and replacing her effects?  And at Christmas time too!
“And so I may open it!” Siger said, bouncing again.
Second was a representation of the worn, cover-clad copy of
John smiled, “No. I’m mostly a doctor.  And not a very exciting doctor either.  Sometimes I’m a writer too.”
Father Christmas opened and closed his mouth before offering, “Reindeer feed.”
“Charbonnel et Walker?”
“Daddy is sad,” Ross said, “Because he can’t do maths.”
I worked with a child who was the age of my older offspring.  But emotionally, physically?  He was two years delayed.  Even after years with a loving adoptive family.
Miri nodded.  “That was days and days and days ago,” she said authoritatively.
Rosalind proved a joy to shop with.  She didn’t speak.  That wasn’t the joyful part.  She was intensely interested in everything that Mycroft shared with her.  It reminded him of Sherlock as a little boy.
was hot.  And his scent, which was usually sharp, and smelled like his lab downstairs, was different.
“John,” his husband began very carefully but the blond doctor interrupted him without raising his head, “No, you know what? It’s fine.  It’s more than fine.  Just do what you think is best.  What would I know about gardening?”
A nod - Dimmock was always wary around him, “If you would, sir.”   For all their differences in the past, the man knew when to retreat into formality.
Which is how Mycroft Holmes received a call that afternoon, and ended up at 221B Baker Street building a gingerbread house with Siger under the somewhat less sarcastic oversight of his little brother Sherlock.  Greg Lestrade and John Watson, as well as Miranda and Rosalind, spent the afternoon barricaded by baby gates from the kitchen.  The gingerbread cottages turned out a little bit lopsided, with the icing dripping down the eaves.  They made six of them.  The boiled sweet roofs, by the time they had finished paving them with swirling red and white peppermint candies, were not appealing to any of the bakers (although Sherlock had eaten his share before Siger caught him at it).
A table was laid with tea and a variety of pastries. Mycroft’s slim figure was outlined at the enormous windows overlooking the street. John removed his windcheater to give to the servitor and commented, “I thought it was dangerous to stand in a window like that. In all the movies that’s where some unsuspecting government employee stands before being shot by a high powered rifle.”
“The murderer had time, but little in the way of transportation.  It was important that the victim not be declared dead, as bank payments to the murderer would cease on his death.  She, the murderer, was also very angry. “ Only Sherlock Holmes could make this sound bland and ordinary.
John woke to hear murmuring, Siger’s sweet, high, clear voice, Miri’s burbling attempts at copying her brother’s speech patterns, and Ross’s distinctive hum.  Someday the monitor would no longer be necessary.  He would miss it.  The doctor shifted, but could not move much.  His husband, the giant consulting octopus, was constricting him, and an additional layer of fine cotton sheeting swaddled about them both, reminding him of a distorted movie mummy.
“In winter I get up at night
He paused for a moment, then went on, “Currently you, Miranda, and you, Rosalind, have precisely the faces you need, so far as personalities are concerned.  You don’t need makeup to be Rosalind and Miranda.  Nor does Siger for that matter, need anything else to make him be Siger.”
Siger is old enough to want to give presents.  How does a 3 year old manage that?
“Ross and Miri,” Siger said muffled before raising his head.  “They came home from school wearing makeup.”
picked him up, and carried Siger downstairs.  There was an orange blanket on the sofa, and a pillow on one end.  They passed through the sitting room, and
made a grumbling sound.  Daddy turned and raised an eyebrow at him.
Miri and Ross were perfectly happy flying the rubber bees around the sofa and under John’s chair.  Siger, meanwhile, had built a monument larger than he was tall, and was still receiving items from his father, which he then incorporated into the massive structure.  Looking closer - “Observing,” John thought dryly - there were a number of non-toy pieces involved.
Siger loved watching his Père think.  Père stood straight up, like hair when you stood under the fibreglass slide at the park.  “Sergeant Donovan, I believe you will find him masquerading as Father Christmas over in the Santa’s Grotto.”
, and was rewarded with a smile.
The blazer did look good with the whole outfit, Greg had to admit.  The colours went well with Siger’s complection and the bright copper curls of his hair.
Oh, good.  A train story.  Ross would like that one.  Chapters of longer children’s works showed up as well.  As he copied and pasted ideas one-handed into a longer document, he was aware when Ross gave a deep sigh and fell asleep against his chest.
Waking up at Uncle Mycroft’s and Uncle Greg’s was not particularly unusual.  Siger had heard Miri and Ross whispering in the bunk below.  They were happy, thankful, that Pere had brought their bears and their horses.  It must be very nice to be so young.  Siger could not really remember it.  He was big enough now that he knew they could not go back to the flat until it was all fixed up.
“Really?” Daddy sounded astounded.  Miri and Ross laughed at Daddy.  They thought that just about everything that Daddy did was funny.
Kissing.  Sentiment.
Hello, sorry for the delay. I didn't write much during the Covid19 shutdown.  Getting back into that.
,” he pointed out.  “And he loves me, and Miri and Ross.  He told us so.” he continued.  Then he added, “And he loves Unka Greg, even if he did not tell us so.”
John cursed loud and long in Pashto while he struggled to drag his taped wrists over his bum, then down enough to draw his legs through the gap.  He got stuck half way, and his curses turned to English. venomous and real, before he got it moving again.  Could have been worse, he could have had the tape around his arms and body together.  Or higher up, immobilizing his upper arms.   At least this way John could try biting through the binding.  Or unpeeling it. Which was pretty damned tough.  He worried at it, like a dog with a chew toy, ignoring the pain from his abraded knuckles.
“So?” John raised a sand-colored illusory eyebrow at his partner.  “Siger’s waiting.  What are you going to tell him?”
It was the flu.  John was a doctor, and he knew the flu when he saw it.  Or felt it.  In spite of his flu jab at the beginning of the season.  The aches, the shivers, a hacking cough, bleary eyes, the fuzzy thinking.   Both John and Ross had them.  And possibly the rest of the family would come down with it soon enough.  That would be awful.  Sherlock really was a horrible patient.  But for now John had quarantined themselves from the rest of the household, and taken Ross to the Pediatrician.  A doctor should not diagnose a loved one.  Unless it’s an emergency.  And your tall, insane partner decides to race into danger and break a leg, or get hit by a bullet, or whatever it was this week.
“Yes,” Sherlock nodded.
had lifted the heavy wooden tray onto the bed loaded with small sandwiches, toast, jelly, and teapot under the chicken cozy that Auntie Harry had made.
“It’s the cow skull on the wall of the flat, John,” drawled the baritone of the string bean of a man from his seat next to the window.
So Angelo’s it was.  Dinner *and* dessert, for “It’s not every day that your son catches two lawbreakers!” John told his children.  And Angelo even put their groceries into his refrigerator after hearing Siger’s description of their adventure.
Rocking from heel to toe, John set his arms behind his back in a military posture.  “You could tell him we’ll front him the money to buy gifts.”
Nodding at her brother, Harry snuggles against the baby on her shoulder.  Their conversation went on, quietly, until the two girls had fallen asleep, and were safely ensconced in the Pack and Play.  They left the room darkened and quiet to join the rest of the family.
“He’s heading for a landing in that field, gentleman,” shouted the former Marine.
“Must be a different kind of bug,” Daddy said, “Sorry to cut the afternoon short.  Did you get what you wanted?”
fell from above.  Siger risked a look upward to see his
“No, Daddy.  I have something to do,” Siger told his father.  He went to his shelf in the sitting room, opened a plastic box, and took out a packet of paper and some crayons from it.
“I don’t know where they are,” said Siger, who had looked around the top of his bed for the tiny trainers usually kept in the bottom of the wardrobe.
Corralled afterward in the front room,  Miri and Ross fussed with the unexpectedly finery of lace and frills.  A bright red hem was stuffed into Ross’s mouth with a pudgy hand.  Miri examined the lace muttering quietly.  While their father tightened his bow strings, and began a series of sprightly flourishes on his violin, Siger smoothed his dress trousers, matching Sherlock’s, trying not to crease his fine new clothing.  John disappeared into the bath.  Siger could just hear him singing a Christmas carol under his .Père’s music.
A small, friendly smile toward her employer finished the conversation so far as Alice Brown was concerned.
Siger explained to
“Sherlock, you taught me every ballroom dance I know,” Daddy reminded
Winnipeg Richardson International Airport. It had a longer name, of course. John thought he’d take a page from Sherlock’s book and not worry about that.  His young friend and her family had hurried off - John assumed they were being met.  The airport was extremely beige.  Not in a horrific way, but it didn’t encourage John to remember much of it.
“In spite of the tears?  Yeah, Harry.  Life is good.”  John was changing Miri’s diaper on the full-sized bottom of the bunk bed.  “Who’d have thought we’d end up like this?”
James had gotten covered in gun oil in the beginning, when he was learning to take care of his weapon.  His own personal weapon - the Beretta - was familiar.  He liked the rifles- there were a lot of those, and his shotgun, a Mossburg - smaller than Mother’s - was not as fun to shoot, unless you liked a big noise.  One of the nannies had been upset at the big purple bruises from the recoil when he was learning to use it.  She had to go away too.  Mother had called Ms. Farmer to the office, and James had never seen that nannie again.  She had not been there long enough for James to miss her.  Not like the other Nannies, Mrs. Spotz and Elsa.  They were huggers and cuddlers and holders in the dark or scary times.  Ms. Farmer had not been.
While waiting for Siger to finish up in the portable loo, Sherlock used his mobile to look up the company that had hired the unsatisfactory Father Christmas.  Walking back, he listened to Siger chatter about reindeer, and the differences between the Father Christmas’s all about.  His little voice was piercing, and Sherlock found himself hoping that the inept, dog owning thief that had been hired to impersonate Father Christmas could hear Siger’s comments.  There were very few people walking about now.  Odd, as Sherlock had expected this place to be packed.
There was a moment of silence, then, “I’d prefer if you didn’t bring John.”
laughed.  “Do you want me to take the children to the park, John?  While you do whatever-it-is that you feel needs adjusting for the season?”
“How do you know that?” Greg asked with interest.
Siger’s grunt was noncommittal.  Leaning against the door he asked, “What did you want to do when you were my age?”
Daddy peeked over the top of the book and added his two cents, “There are bananas around it.”
John kicked off his shoes, and stretched out on the couch.  “This is nice,” he said, reaching for the glass of what he suspected would be from the bottle of excellent scotch that Mycroft had given them ages ago.  Yes, upon sipping it, John thought it really wonderful scotch.
There was an atmosphere of waiting.  As all of the adults knew that they would eventually come down with whatever it was that John had caught.  Possibly from his patients.  Possibly from someone of the criminal class that they’d been in contact with in the past week.
“I had planned,” Sherlock told her, “to make Daddy look more feminine.  It will be a disguise.”
“Of course not, John.” Sherlock rolled his eyes. “Alice Brown picked it up on her way into the office this morning.”
To his horror, Sherlock felt himself tear up.  This really was too much.  Where was John with his lunch so that Sherlock could take out his frustrations?  No cases.  Not even cold ones.  Lestrade refused to allow the consultant access.  He claimed that Sherlock would infect the files. As if he was a computer virus tainting online storage.  Paper files, for heaven’s sake!   And John had said his eyes needed to rest.  He had taken Sherlock’s mobile away.  What nonsense.  They were just ganging up on him for some unfathomable reason of their own.
Sherlock nodded in turn, then walked past the investigator, down the stairs, and out into the car that held his family.
“Miri is moving,” Siger told him.  Though at this point Miri was more sitting up and patting the door with the donkey.
John hid his smile behind a mouthful of strong tea with milk. “Sherlock and Siger have begun reading music together. Sherlock will sit with Siger on his lap, holding a manuscript, and they’ll hum the notes together on each line. Ross and Miri just chew on their teething toys and ignore them.”
“Hmm,” came from Sherlock, whether in agreement or not, it was uncertain.  He was watching Siger.
“Fascinating,” those bright eyes peered at him, “I really had not thought of that at all.  We need to go to the range so that I can study your shooting.  How much training did you engage in to attain your proficiency?”
“And,” Sherlock prompted his brother.
Miranda would not have minded that one so much but for her habit of stepping on Miranda’s gear, or stepping back all wobbly, so that Miranda thought she might receive the brunt of the woman’s clumsy fall.  Today there was a trip over Miranda’s duffle, though the girl had deliberately shoved it under the camp stool so as to be out of the way.  Heaven forbid if the woman fell and injured herself, then took Miranda to court for negligence.  Though not, as many might think, because she was afraid for herself.  Miranda’s family had a tendency to be over protective.
Greg laughed, “You’re going for the whole look, aren’t you, Siger?  Let’s get the kid a tie, Mycroft.  Lord knows that Sherlock’s going to kill us for the vest already.”
“You’re very interested in animals, eh?  Going to be a zookeeper, son?  You’d like a stuffed animal for Christmas?  Or a fireman?  Want a nice firetruck?” was the hearty attempt at getting back to the theme.
“I’ll get the children. You take care of Mrs. Hudson!” those words echoing oddly, almost muffled by the sound of the fire, the sirens, the shouts outside.  He’d ignored John’s shout of argument.
Holmes scoffed at the reminder.
“What,” the tall, thin man took the moment to cast himself onto the couch,”Does my brother suggest?”
Mycroft’s stomach growled embarrassingly, to be answered antiphonally by Greg’s as the detective inspector turned chef gave the prawns a final toss.  Tonight they were eating in the kitchen.  Anna was away for an extended Christmas holiday, and the pair were taking full advantage of her absence.
“How about I wrap you up, and you can rest on the sofa in the sitting room.  Ross is playing on the floor, and I’m cleaning up the kitchen.
Sometimes children are very quiet when they get out of bed.
“This sample of reproductive material came from a different lab.  It isn’t mine, that’s clear.  Why would Moriarty be messing about with in vitro of a singular individual?  His own?  He was attempting to have his own child?  Wouldn’t it have been easier to slip that in with the larger batch of pregnancies from the Initiative?” Sherlock wondered out loud.  He did not bother asking why the Napoleon of Crime had not gone about it in the regular way.
“Um.  Yeah.  Where should we take the bags, Anna?”
“Siger,” his Pere stood up, “Let us remove the offending eavesdropping devices immediately.  Then we will look at communications alternatives.”
Robert Louis Stevenson's
And as for the future?  Well, he had plans to ensure his physical safety then as well.  His financial security, according to the prenuptial agreement was quite splendid.
Siger was playing his stuffed violin on the sofa, wrapped in the orange shock blanket, when Bert came upstairs.  John nodded at Bert, gave the children kisses, and was down the steps putting on his coat. “How are you feeling today, Siger?” Bert asked, as he stepped over a minefield of periodical blocks.
“Your
The skinny preschooler -- Siger was in the midst of a growth spurt -- ran out of the hall, tripping and catching himself on the length of cloth blocking the hallway.  “Okay, Daddy,” he said, gathering up the end of the cloth, looking backward, and pulling to make sure it was no longer caught in the doorway.
Everyone was tired.  There was a lot of crabbiness from their normally sweet and loving children.  John had given the call early, “Time for bed everyone!”
did the voices just right.  Daddy did the voices right most times.  But not always. Grammy Hudson never got the voices right at all.
“I think we have it well covered.  There’s a spot of Siger to hang his ornament, and space for him to help his sisters with theirs,” Sherlock mused as he picked up the star that would sit on top this year.
Mycroft and Greg take Siger out for tea, and clothes shopping.
“How does that look?  Even?” When assured that the base was covering effectively, Sherlock pointed out the flaws in John’s facial structure.  “Truthfully, they are not flaws.  If everyone looked exactly the same, what a boring world it would be.  And criminals would be more difficult to differentiate.  But your Dad has, in addition to the facial hair which is a secondary sexual characteristic, a thicker skull than a woman.  Stop laughing John.  I mean,” he clarified, “heavier skull and facial bone structure, especially here above the eyes.”
Miri wondered if pirates had hot chocolate.  Anna, in a fit of generosity, had allowed them to have hot chocolate for breakfast with their toast and jam.  Miri believed that to be the best of all possible breakfasts, although Ross preferred sausages.  Definitely, pirates had sausages.  And gruel.  She found the Sea Cook in the pile of piratical adventurers and placed him in the galley, balanced upon his peg leg.  “I have sausages for all, hearties!” she told her nautical comrades.  Ross’s parrot swooped into the galley squawking for a treat.
John laughed.  “It’s been years.  Not like I’ve kept in practice.”  He grinned over at Sherlock with a sly smile.  “Would you like to try?”
“Box?”
My apologies for taking so very long to finish this.  Work is a thing.  And Life.
Anna would be awake as well.  His family was in good hands.  And safe.  Safer than he and Gregory.  Mycroft had concerns about the French side of the family and their obsession with the late Luisa Lestrade’s estate.  Fortunately, Gregory - and his sister, Dolores - had Mycroft Holmes to watch out for them.  And Mycroft’s security detail to do the footwork necessary to keep them all alive and able to inherit their just due.
“It is for me,” Siger said, bouncing in his father’s arms.
John discovers what Sherlock was up to.
(See the end of the chapter for
Siger took a long drink of milk before eating a crisp.  He had a pattern.  Milk did not taste particularly well after a flavoured crisp, and so it was ingested after a bite of the ham sandwich, then came a crisp, then ham sandwich again.
The Colonel, as her hired hands referred to her, was very good with a gun.  Only very good because there was always room for improvement.  She kept in practice.  Not that anyone but Bascombe knew anything about that.  Her "husband" certainly didn't. He had no idea what gunpowder smelt like. He preferred her in less than subtle perfumes.
Morning came slowly.  Mrs Hudson, having enjoyed a soother before climbing up into the dark carved wood and luxuriant mattress of the bed, woke startled to complete darkness.  Rolling over onto a frying pan did not make her mood any more pleasant.
Looking at the other page there was a photograph of the two boys in pajamas, and Redbeard in what looked like a nursery, playing with a large wooden pirate ship.  Mycroft was grinning at his little brother, who was brandishing a wooden sword.
“And I’ll tell you, though you can’t share it as yet with anyone else,” Gregory Lestrade told her with a smile, “If your
Siger went on, “And Christmas is about a baby.  So we should all be forgiving.  Because the Baby Jesus was born on Christmas Day.”
Which is how they all ended up on a train to the Sussex Downs.  To choose soil.  To select plants.  To ask one of Sherlock’s experts about creating a garden.  And to take their first vacation.  Together.
Siger said thoughtfully, “We must gather evidence.  And be thoughtful.”
There was much twitting of John about his blog, and his “Three Continents” nickname - though not at the expense of Sherlock whom John had introduced as “my partner, Sherlock,” with his arm casually tucked about Sherlock’s tailored waist.  They’d been surprised, but not threatened, nor vindictive.  Somewhat unexpected, Sherlock thought.  But then, these people clearly respected and liked John.  And the detective inferred that they did not take him for granted.  They were all clearly dangerous in their own rights.  John was too.  It would not do for Sherlock to underestimate them either.
Of course, now that he’d thought of that box -- or was it boxes? -- John was trapped under the welcome comfort of his cuddling daughter. If this was the greatest hardship in his life, John Watson was a very lucky man.
The expression that bloomed on Sherlock’s face was that of a child discovering a birthday present.  Of course.  John had just opened up an entire new field of research for the man.
?  Go out and capture the criminals?” Siger’s treble question contrasted with his father’s baritone.
“Miri,” John said softly to the little girl sitting next to Rosalind.  “May I see?”
Siger’s serious response was, “There is a dog’s hair in the cuffs of your trousers, with needles from our fir tree.  Needles from more than one type of fir tree.  Pere took me to the arboretum to learn about evergreens.  Are you brothers?”
was pulling Daddy from his chair, and using his odd dialect was telling him to “keep up, Johnny” as he danced Daddy around the clear part of the sitting room in time to his song.  So silly.
Behind the constable moved another man, taller, who said, “Show us some identification, please.”  John knew that look.  And the warrant card being flashed.  A detective sergeant giving him the grim onceover much as Detective sergeant Donovan would have.  Did John have one of Greg’s warrant cards in his pocket?  He prayed that Sherlock had not slipped him one this time, as it would cause trouble not just for John, but for Greg as well if the doctor were caught with a stolen police i.d.
“Good.” Siger nodded and went back to his creation.
apologies for the tense changes.  These will be corrected when I have a little bit more time.
It was a sunny day outside, if brisk, and he’d only gone out to pick up a litre or two of milk and some basics.  Even the chip and pin machine had cooperated.  No kidnappings.  A successful shopping trip!  All had changed when John Watson returned home.
John Watson’s mouth opened to reply to that, then snapped shut. It was a moment before he gave an answer. “I will consider it.”
walked.  Siger ran to keep up with his father’s long legs.  Some day, he would have long legs too, just like
It was a funny thing.  Even though Mother wanted him to succeed in his classwork, or said she did, this was the only place that James knew he had her approval.  It was a different type of approval.  As though she was proud of him here.  But school, and maths, and everything else was just so that James could get good at shooting.
John Watson did not have much time to be introspective.  There was his work at the surgery, his traipsing about after his amazing partner, taking care of the items that their office manager brought to his attention, and raising three very bright, very active children.  That was aside from being married to said amazing partner.
Well, apparently books could be mistaken for cement.  Pulling on pajamas, John then hauled the first carton out to the sitting area, set the kettle on for tea, then went back to the bedroom for the second box.  With a cup of tea, he sat on the floor to go through the contents of the first box.
Ross had been peering into his face intently, and signed “Thank you.”
“The violin, eh?  Lots of practice to that.  I bet you’ll find something else more fun to do when you get to the upper forms.”  This Father Christmas seemed certain.
“David used his to slay a bear, son,” the older man was telling his
“Daddy,” Siger said with surprise as he looked at it closely, “All of our cards are the same!”
Bert switched off child minding duties with Miss Alice Brown, who smiled when he told her about his date.  “I used to skate on the pond growing up.  Back when it was colder.  Wear lots of warm clothing,” she told him, “And don’t break your head.”
Bert thought back to his bout of it, and could not agree more.  Fetching the tablet for Siger, he helped by typing “ice rinks london” into the search bar.  Siger knew how to tap on “images” in the browser, and soon they were examining photographs of men and women on skates.  “Are they dancing?” Siger asked.
John made Siger wash his hands extremely well afterward, as did the Doctor himself.
He was accustomed to the sounds of London traffic, but an awareness came over him that the small area in back of 221, fenced in and secure as he’d thought it, was too quiet.  Quiet could mean a variety of things.  His madman could be sequestered in his Mind Palace.  The children did not know how to do that yet, although Mycroft was teaching them the principles.
“You’ll love it, Bert!  Really, it’s like flying!” Lily smiled brightly.  Then came the list, “Don’t forget to wear warm clothes.  Layering is better than anything else.  Wear at least two pairs of socks, one over the other.  Wool if you have them. Have you got mittens?  They’re best.  And a wool hat.  And the warmest coat you have.”
.” Siger nodded, with his pronunciation sounding very French to Mrs. Hudson.  “He was looking for something else.  Daddy says he studied kidney diseases.”
“Mycroft hasn’t said much.  He’s trying to push for common sense.”
“How long did that take?” asked Greg, who admittedly did not have an eye for clothing.
Siger would be thrilled to help with the fairy lights.  He was not so much a dab hand at untangling though.  This year setting the line of lights in the cup holder hooks from previous Christmases took a lot longer than it had before.  They outlined the doorway to the outside, Grammy Hudson’s doorway, and spiraled up the evergreen wound bannister to the second floor.  While John was hanging the lights, Sherlock showed Siger how to trade out one of the bulbs to enable the string to blink.  Siger was awed and enthralled, and nothing would do but that Daddy had to set all of the lights to blinking.
“We’re getting into Mycroft’s no doubt highly secured flower bed how?” Johns question was both pointed and sarcastic.
It was December 2nd.  Doctor John Watson, former soldier, currently holder of medical licensing, but self-employed as the assistant to his amazing spouse, Consulting Detective Sherlock Holmes, used the full weight of his body on the arm twisted behind the back of the villain lying face down in the mud by the edge of the Thames.  Occasionally -- and making certain that his captive was not expecting it -- the doctor allowed a moment for breathing before pressing firmly down again.
The surprised look on the face of the consulting detective did not bode well for the answer.  “Oh.  Molly promised them to me.  She had a connection with a local anthropologist. I thought it would be easier to meet on Corn Street rather than have you come all the way in to the town square.  It might have tipped the fortune-teller off.”
would be on the couch.  So they would not all get sick with what Daddy and Ross had.  Ross had been crying when they got home, and Siger could hear her downstairs fussing.
“So,” reasoned Siger Holmes, “We should share something with him that he won’t want to eat, and we won’t eat, but we will have fun with.”
eyes that were so very like his own and said, “Uncle Mycroft is not as big as a house.  He is not even very big.  Uncle Mycroft is skinny.”  Siger had learned that word from Grammy Hudson, who worried about Sherlock’s weight.
!” the little boy in rather more a stage whisper than an actual one.
Both Bert and Siger washed their hands at Mrs. Hudson’s sink, dried on the cheerful Christmas tree shaped tea towel, and made themselves ready to listen.  Mrs. Hudson washed her own hands, and then opened a pasteboard box that rattled.  Carefully she lifted out tin biscuit cutters.  There was a donkey, a camel, an angel, and a star.  “These” she told them both,” were cutters that my mother gave to me when I was about your age, Bert.  I use them every year since I came home to England.  Frank wouldn’t have me baking biscuits.  It was too hot in Florida for baking, he said.”
John's flight has some interesting people on it.  Or interested.
“So, no Rachel Riley, or Pepa and Company?” Greg smirked at his partner.
Sherlock caught hold of his arm on the way up the stairs.  “I’ll be waiting for you here.  We should spend some 'quality time' together,” he’d said quietly, dropping his baritone and cocking an eyebrow suggestively.
It is well known that Sherlock Holmes has a sweet tooth.  He puts entirely too much sugar in his coffee and tea, and takes a good deal of pleasure in consuming sweets and pastries in front of his long suffering brother, Mycroft, who is valiantly attempting to control his weight after a childhood spent being tormented over chubbiness.  Not by Sherlock at first, of course.  Sherlock had originally thought that Mycroft was perfect.  Sherlock aspired to be just like Mycroft.  But Sherlock was not ever going to give up sweets.  Not ever.
“Well, I do calculations, and determine what your ratio is, yes.  Then I can compare that to the sharpshooters that Lestrade and Mycroft can obtain for me through their agencies.  Time well spent, and it has the bonus of being something that Mycroft and his spouse won’t fuss about,” the detective, still slender after all these years, pretended to shoot his finger at the stairwell wall.
Another nod.  They returned to their examination of the ties.  Siger handled them carefully, putting several aside for further consideration.  But then he saw one from across the display table.  He made the sound, “Oh!”  and ran around to pull it from the black iron holder.
always told him to observe.  It was fun, sometimes, to watch them when they didn’t know he was looking.  A song was playing over speakers.  Daddy was sitting in his big, soft chair laughing up at
will go spare,” Daddy commented, “That he missed her crawling for the first time.”
“Unknown at this time.”  How tedious, Mycroft was repeating the obvious.  “Have you irritated anyone lately, Sherlock?”  An odd question.  Sherlock, and therefore Mycroft as well, had come to accept that he’d irritated *someone* at almost any point in time.
Influenza in the household.  And now it's Sherlock's turn.
was checking his mobile.  “Time to go home!” he said happily - because
Sherlock picked a book from the floor, looking with distaste at the cover.  The illustration was bright blue, a star spangled sky, with a cherub portrayed as a young boy with a halo tipped crookedly over his brow.  The boy was clutching a wooden box.  Sherlock had scanned this book quickly in his search through the crawl space boxes.  He'd determined this story to be mawkish, and with doubtful dogma.  It was not the worst in the box, and so he had brought it downstairs for John to examine.  He tossed it behind the rocker.  “Bring me the book you would like to hear,” he instructed his son.
“Half a dozen, young man,” answered the goose owner, “and as nice and plump a flock of geese as you will ever see.”
“Je vais descendre dès que tu seras sorti de l'échelle. - I will climb down the ladder when you are down.  Do not worry.
Sigers and Miri’s and Ross’s
John nodded, “Not like a magician’s wand.  But like in the books.  There’s a place online that has them, and they have a bricks and mortar shop in London.”
“Animal,” the blond-haired doctor said with assurance.
Tonight he was reading
That brought laughter.  Even from John.  But no explanation from the other beyond several winks.  John snickered and told him “Wait and see.”  Infuriating.
An elegant eyebrow lifted.  Obvious that.  Encouraging Greg to continue.  “This is your time to spend with the children.  It’s an opportunity for them to see a side of you that they might know is there - certainly Siger will - but have not really had the chance to interact with.  It’s a good thing.  Go.  Have fun.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“I got a license.  They should be pleased,” Sherlock snapped.
Rosalind was gumming on one of Siger’s rubber bees, but he was being nice and not grabbing it back.  Big boys did not grab toys from their sisters.  Daddy said that.
Sherlock had lost what Moriarty had called “virginity” in killing, murdering really, those whom he could not set up for capture and imprisonment. And he was not picky about it, as John would have been.  John Watson with his moral compass.  Sherlock had killed them.  Just as John had shot the murderous cabby, Sherlock had made sure those men and women who would have harmed John, and Mrs. Hudson, and Lestrade would never hurt another soul ever again.  Not that he cared about any soul other than those of John, Mrs. Hudson, and Lestrade.
’s ear, “Yup, you’ve caught it at last.”< p/>
“Why do you think I’m going? I have responsibilities here. There’s Siger, and Miranda and Ross. There’s the business. My shifts at the surgery.” Even as he spoke, John knew his partner was reading the words through whatever filter existed in the Mind Palace, adding that information to observations garnered from stance, tone of voice, twinges and muscular spasms and tics in his too often open face. John could tell when the assessment was finished.
They lay there, cuddled close, face to face, listening, until Siger was finished with his song.  His treble voice came through clearly over the monitor, “Good night, Miri Cat.”  There was a sound that might have been a kiss.  And then it was quiet again.
John did not travel much to those places after the charges for assaulting the Chief Inspector were dropped.  From time to time the independent investigatory team required is attendance while they slogged through case after case after case with Sherlock’s fingerprints on them.
After the hectic days of sickness, the house felt like Christmas again.
“Yeah, I think that gives him something to look forward to. And it’s not like we’re keeping him from making music before that. Obviously. He sings - makes up little songs - in his bed at night, and in the morning before the rest of us get up. So long as he doesn’t wake up the girls, we told him it was fine.” John gave his brother-in-law full attention, “What is it that you need, Mycroft?”
“No.  No, I’ll be making certain that you and the kids are safe.  But I can’t see this administration spending to ensure the safety of the common man.  Can you?” John closed the laptop and looked up into his husband’s face.
said.  Siger buzzed into the kitchen to help.
“Cat,” Siger announced, looking up in surprise at the grownup laughter around him.
held out his long thin hand, “Well, Dread Pirate Holmes, shall we go and beard Father Christmas in his Santa’s Grotto!”
“Dad,” Siger said, holding the plastic bag up, “What do you smell?”
Daddy tossed him to
’s and Daddy’s jobs to begin with.  Sometimes they let him come along. But not the babies.
There were enough left over to travel around the tops of the walls in the nursery.  And even though Siger was a big boy, and didn’t need a night light, he went to sleep that night with the fairy lights blinking on and off, reminding him that Christmas was on its way.
, saying, “Why don’t you tell
Sherlock held out his hand expectantly, but Alice Brown still refused to ferret out his mobile from the pocket of the lab coat John had bought him for his birthday.  Sighing heavily he reached into his own pocket and checked to see Mycroft’s lack of address on the mobile screen.
“Do you have a nice dog?” Siger asked as the men stood back to view their handiwork.  The long needled fir reached for the ceiling, stopping short enough to support whatever topper the family might choose.
“Detective,” he told her, “Or so it says on my warrant card.  Are you ready to go?  I thought I’d bring you to my house for supper with Uncle Mycroft, Will, and Joy and me.  I can drop you off home then afterward.”
Reading Christmas books at bedtime.
“Sure.  Right.  Okay,” Bert found himself saying in a daze.  Lily really was someone special.  She was smart, and lovely, and a gymnast.  And right now he was picturing her in one of those skin tight, tiny skirts one saw during the Winter Olympics.
Who Killed These Girls?:  Cold Case:  The Yogurt Shop by Beverly Lowry.   https://www.kirkusreviews.com/book-reviews/beverly-lowry/who-killed-these-girls/
Merry Christmas, and a joyous 2017 to you all!
There were sticks to step over, and plants all round and dead dry leaves to crunch through.  The trees dripped big drops of water on them - Siger could see that
“Ross, love, are you alright? Did they hurt you?” John asked, breathing heavily as he peered through the twilight darkness of the van’s cargo hold.  He could just make out the nod of her small head, as he bundled her up into his arms.  “Let’s let your
A bright shaft of light blinded John Watson.  He knew how it must look.  A man standing on a dark country lane holding a pasteboard box.  Waiting right where he had been told to stand, for his partner who had obviously gotten delayed by some no doubt very important event.
Ross giggled in spite of herself, and reached up to take John’s other hand.  “Daddy, Evangelina wears makeup every day,” she explained.
Ignoring Sherlock’s expression, John asked, “How much time do we have to organize this?”
The look John gave him was not friendly, nor was it fraternal. Gulping down the last of his tea, the former Captain Watson took his leave with the snap of a crisp march.
,” Siger said as he took his father’s hand.
No.  John refused to think about this right now, or until he reached the destination. Otherwise, he was going to drive himself into a frenzy of anxiety.  Irene was like Sherlock, and any plans he made beforehand were guaranteed to be read as soon as he was face to face.
The new element.
“Yes, the children are fine.  They’re tearing up Uncle Mycroft’s house, aren’t you, Miri?  Ross?
“You will have to excuse me, Mr. Knott, but I need to get my family home.  May I get in touch with you to continue this interesting discussion?  Thank you!” and
After lunch there was the expected shopping for clothing.  For all that Greg did not have the eye for fashion that Mycroft did, he had to admit that Siger looked well in the charcoal grey trousers, and the neat button up shirt - white shot with sage green stripes.
“For Christmas?” Siger asked for clarification.
!” = "Father!  I am assisting!"
.  ‘Fear not’!” Siger insisted.
“Alright,” John Watson said equably.
John Watson slept deeply, soundly, and came to awareness with the slow comfortable knowledge that Sherlock Holmes was wrapped tightly around him, snoring softly onto the top of his head.  John could hear the children through the monitor, Siger was telling someone a story - they were probably playing with the enormous wooden pirate ship that had once belonged to Sherlock.  Miri chimed in from time to time, while Ross’s distinctive and rarely heard voice created the sound effects.  Will’s soft infant burbling, along with “Will, don’t eat the cannon!” from Miri added the last piece to finish the puzzle of contentment.  Anna would have already given them breakfast.  It was all good.  Well, not all.
On the way back to Baker Street he looked up prices.  10£ to 12£, just to get in.  But that included skates.  There was one rink that was open year-round.  Considering the temperatures in London, Bert found that amazing.  It wasn’t like they were in Scotland, or Scandinavia was it?
Siger’s head nodded so hard he thought it might fall off.  To go out on an adventure!  And with Uncle Greg!  “Will Uncle Mycroft go with us?” he asked.
The three bakers had put too much salt in the gingerbread, which was tough, and largely inedible.  The sweet memory of the two brothers and Siger working on their creations lasted many years longer than the gingerbread cottages.
John Watson muttered as he turned back to his laptop, “Of course she did.
Clever, but too small to be a problem for long.  Cuddles rolled, and climbed athwart the smaller man, stripping the belt from the Doc’s hands and tossing it to the side as he cuffed the bloke up the side of the head.  He noted with satisfaction that the blond haired head bounced against the remains of the car park base.  Come to think of it, the doctor’s idea was a good one, and he stretched to reach the thrown belt with the idea of strangling him into unconsciousness.
Flu might be bad for babies.  It is pretty much the worst thing ever for an active preschooler.  After a while, Siger tried to climb down off of Daddy’s and
“Well, with the baby coming in a couple of months, I thought we could get them a set of the Harry Potter books in hardcover.  And wands,” John added.
“What are you going to do with Daddy’s face?” Ross asked with interest.
“How is this a cream tea?” Greg muttered to his partner later as they sat down to miso infused salmon sandwiches on spinach bread, or hummus and avocado wrapped in beetroot colored crepes.
I have to go to bed and see
Rosalind and Miranda provide the soundtrack of weeping and wailing over the faint brangle of Christmas carols flowing forth from Mrs. Hudson’s laptop, opened to her holiday recipe file.  Alice Brown, her Tenniel headband slipping back over her shoulder length brown hair, was attempting to carry a struggling Ross from the scene.  Albert Tran, held an equally distraught Miranda, and was trying to edge his way out through the crowd.
“Oi! FrHolmes!  What are you doing here?” came an unexpected challenge.
“That would be satisfactory!” his son chirped at him as he passed, heading for the backyard.
Nodding, Mycroft took another bite from his own plate.
Miri rolled sideways to sit up with a small grunt.  Siger knew she could not open the gate.  That was the point of a baby gate, after all.  His sister gave a soft coo, as she often did when Siger and she spoke.  “I have a letter for you, Miri Cat,” Siger told her.  “I think it may be a Christmas Card.”
and I are going to investigate a dance club,” his father told him.
Mycroft rather congratulated himself on disguising his disgust.  Until Rosalind solemnly handed him a dress in a horrid red, black, and green Christmas tartan, then giggled - much like her father, John Watson, when he thought it was just himself and Sherlock.
It was good to be home.  Later there would be spicy broth (for John), and milder chicken soup (for Rosalind) - an interesting treatment for the flu, as Sherlock would say - and hot tea.  Ross and John wrapped in an afghan, in his chair turned to face the telly, while Sherlock, Siger, and Miri shared the couch for a program on dvd.  Family, and comfort food, and tea.  His daughter safe, and snuggled against him in his chair.  All would be right with the world.
“Not to worry, Siger,” his Uncle Mycroft told him, “I’ll make sure that your Uncle Greg gets right on reading it, so that he can discuss it with you.”
So Siger asked
John snagged the compartment next to the not-really-good-at-spyingish individual.  If he’d have been Sherlock he’d have been able to pick the man’s pocket, but as it was John managed his personal business and washing his hands in time to bump into the man on his way out.  “Sorry, mate,” John said cheerfully, “cramped quarters, yeah?”
“Just date?” asked Siger curiously.
They stepped into the foyer.  John picked up the mail on the mat, and went through it idly as they walked toward 221C.
“That’s different,” his partner said loftily, “I don’t call.”
Long fingers reached over to turn off the intercom system in the sitting room.  “You’re expecting something,” Sherlock said to him.  The children were in bed, they wouldn’t be hearing them through the – as Miri put it – grown up monitor, and he’d put off this discussion until the last case was over.  It had been an intriguing case starting as a treasure hunt of a will, and ending in murder.  “What did Mycroft tell you?”
?” received no answer.  Siger closed the door and turned to his sisters, looking like ghosts in their white nightgowns, the sheets on their cot pulled up around them.
said grouchily.
“New Rainbow books, antislip, for toddlers,” his father raed dutifully.
Sherlock Holmes remembered all of the first kisses.  It was probable that he remembered every kiss he’d ever given or received, but a good many of them were in the delete file of his Memory Palace.
, then worked his way through the entire
knew so very many things, of course he would know about this.
“Sometimes,” Greg agreed.  “So, how are Joy and Will? Surviving their cousins, and uncles?”
Sherlock Holmes curled around his short, dangerous partner, and was humbled by the life he now led.  He thought of the grand experiment that was his children.  So much to learn from them.  It was a help to The Work, but it was more.  He felt the furnace that was the man who kept him right, kept the dreams and the craving away.  And fell fast asleep.
Hmmm.  What kind of cooking is Sherlock up to?
Siger shook his head, “We can get an animal for Miri too.  But for Ross, we should not get rainbows.”
Tea.  No milk, of course.  But there was honey!  Sherlock felt a smile bloom on his face in spite of himself.  He examined the tray set on his lap happily as John assisted Siger to climb up on the bed.  “I thought you’d like a little company with your tea,” the short, blond-haired man said.  Then he climbed up to join them.  “Bert’s here to watch the girls for a bit.”
It's weird watching your children grow up and wondering if they will like anything that you do.
He’d rented a freezer to keep things fresh while he waited.  A space for his tools as well.  Steel tables for the work.  A small forge for charring the hearts.  No one noticed him.
“What else would it be?” Sherlock asked.  “At least,” he pointed out, “The elf got away.  Father Christmas was going to torture her before he murdered her.  Just like the last three.”
“Siger?  What are you looking for?”
His daddy laughed.  “That’s not in our flat, Siger sweet.”
“They love them.  Especially Alexander - he does love cauliflower.  Are you saying I should have a go at the lads from the bicycling club?  That’s easy enough, I suppose.  I didn’t like to just assume it was them without something to go on. Thank you, young man!” and after leaving his contact information, Siger escorted the older man down the stairs to the front door.  “I’ll let you know what I find out, young - Siger was it?  And thank you!”
When he’d started the targets had been at the end of a long gallery, standing still.  Now they moved.  James did not have to think about the algorithms for their movement.  Mother said that knowing the pattern of the targets movement was cheating.  And it would cause him to miss if the target did something unexpected.  She quoted Sun Tsu about fighting the enemy a lot.
During creative play both Siger and Prossie went to another room to work on “projects”.  James was not in the “projects” class - Father had laughed and called it “liberal rubbish instead of work" when the Teacher had offered him a space.  When Teacher had turned and asked James if he wanted to try it, James had known that Mother would not approve, and chosen wisely.  But that meant that Siger and Prossie went without him.
John took the smeared bag gingerly, and peered at a quantity of brown, white, and grey-green.
They had, however, been sent children’s literature that John had thriftily put away for their offspring for the future.  Everything else was sent to Oxfam or Great Ormond Street for those less fortunate.
to the Holmes family - loved to do was watch Mrs. Hudson and Siger bake.  He loved it because he did not have to help.  He didn’t have to measure, or stir, or clean up.  He just had to be there, an invited viewer.  He did also get to taste, which was an excellent part of this.
“I just shoot.”
“Not you, Daddy,” Miri giggled at his expression, before she asked, “
“Tell your brat to shut up.  Nosy Parker.  Who asked you to stick your toffy nose in?” came  in a shriek from the large mouth surrounded by generously applied lipstick.  She’d moved between John with his trolley, and the shoplifting boy, a  manicured hand furtively signalling to the child to get away.
Siger scrambled over to where Ross was sitting and trying to fit her chubby little fist into her mouth.  “Ross!” Siger said excitedly, “Here is a card for you!”  He made as much of a mess of that envelope as with his own.
Sherlock climbed off of the small bed, shelved the hardbound copy of E. Nesbit’s
“If you like,” Daddy agreed, “But you’re not going to get out of bed.  Siger,” he turned to his son, “Some assistance?  Fetch the Vomit Emergency Bucket, please?”
Only to have John prove him very, very wrong after Siger went to bed.
Ross’s lovely long eyelashes were heavily clotted with black mascara.  Metallic pink eye-shadow had been applied with a heavy hand as well, and eye liner had been used to create an egyptian look to the top of the eyelid.  Round dark pink pockets of rouge had been hastily rubbed in over what John recalled an ex-girlfriend calling “the apple” of her cheek.  Though part of the redness there might be due to temper.  Ross was markedly angry.  The sweet, naturally pink lips were tight together, having been outlined in red, and filled in with something apparently called “fire engine”.  Glancing down he observed that the short nails that Sherlock carefully cut and shaped for them weekly were covered with black, crackly nail varnish that looked appallingly lava like.
Presents?  There were presents!  They opened their stockings first- with the girls finding items that were of more interest to one-year-olds than when they were infants the last Christmas.  Siger “helped” them sort their treasures into polished wooden bowls,  The little ones weren’t allowed oranges yet, but polished and shiny red apples began to roll about the floor with Miri inching along after them.  Ross elected to sit up in the middle of the carpet and throw things instead of her usual rolling about.  Siger danced about on small feet covered in fluffy bee slippers as he tried to interest his sisters in the presents he’d selected for them.  Books, of course.  Each item opened was examined with the greatest interest by its intended recipient while John kept track on a tablet for “thank you”s later on.
He has made tea like this so many times that he’s not aware of the time it takes to steep the orange pekoe, he just accomplishes it.  Two spoonsful of sugar goes in one mug, black, with a periodic symbol for one of the noble gases on it.  A spot of milk cools the second mug of tea, an RAMC mug that the tea maker has had for years.
“Good job, Siger.  We have a campfire, a spot where someone was sleeping, a place where a bag hung on the tree branch, and a pile of very soggy wood.  What does this tell you about the person who stayed here?”
“It’s all going grey, isn’t it?” John had caught sight of him in the mirror, and smiled ruefully.
Mycroft approved of the manners.  Though he had often wondered where exactly Siger had learned them.
said sleepily.
Cuddles nodded.  Looking through the photographs he saw an old bird - should be easy enough, and three men.  That was good.  Cuddles didn’t like cutting up children.  These four weren’t children.
“Sherlock, what have you done now?” Mrs. Hudson put a hand up to try to straighten her hair.
“Honey and chia seed yogurt,” elaborated Mycroft.
The range had a smell to it that James loved.  Gun oil, and powder, and heat - and he thought of that smell as Mother’s.  Sometimes he could tell that she had been to the range because of it.  Sometimes she smelled like that after she’d been on a long trip. He was allowed to hug her after she returned from her trips, and there was always that faint scent on her big wool coat.  It was a lovely smell.
“Is she now?” Daddy asked and he came over, got down on his knees, and peered around the sofa with Siger.
“What’s this?” Daddy asked, when Siger insisted on messily spreading pink sparkling crabaple jelly from a jar onto Daddy’s toast.
When all the sky is clear and blue,
“Good to keep it in the family, isn’t it?” Sherlock stretched a long arm over the back of the couch and onto his spouse’s shoulders.
liked to be where Daddy was - and they walked back to Mrs. Hudson on the bench.  Well,
John Watson turned to his partner, Sherlock Holmes, who was standing in the doorway listening.  “Did you tell him that?  I don’t remember telling him that.  Where does he come up with these things?  No answer?  Of course not.  You’re storing that in your Mind Palace, aren’t you?”
“Or from the woman,” Miranda put in, surrounded in her small bed by a horde of plush animals.  She knew the difference between ‘woman’ and ‘lady’.  Her parents were particular about definitions. “She just used all the old words that we’ve already heard from Daddy.”
Siger blinked at his Daddy.  Daddy heaved himself to his knees.   He told Miranda, “Good job, Miri Cat!  Let’s put this in your file, shall we?”
“Yes,” and this time
A year ago Siger would have been waiting at the baby-gate. Miri sat there now, and gave a soft “coo” of greeting.
“Now, for Grammy Hudson,” Siger decided.
Wishing you all a blessed and happy Solstice.
“Siger!  Sweet,” Daddy picked him up and cuddled him, “What’s the matter?  Does it hurt?”
This prompt was :  pining.
.  All alone under his orange shock blanket out on the freshly sanitized sofa in the sitting room.
“Bit yappy,” said the other, much thinner man next to him, giving his partner a clap on the blue-plaid flanneled shoulder.
He’d starved.  Not physically.  Oh, well, yes, that too.  Done without food or the other needs of transport, no sleep, little in the way of medical attention.  John didn’t remark on the scars.  He’d his own, of course.  But Sherlock knew that John Watson could read scars almost as well as the consulting detective.
came in chorus from all three children.
Sherlock picked up the card that came with the music cd and read, “Dear Siger, I thought of you, and Miranda and Rosalind when I recorded this.  Please share it with the whole family.
Drawing the expensively-hemmed edge of the sheet over his head like an old woman’s shawl, Siger crouched on the floor, one hand clutching his dragon skin to him as the other clawed forward.  The growl did not start as deeply as it might have, but intensity grew into an impressive enough roar from a skinny, small boy.  It ended in a cough, as Siger was recovering from a cold.
Greg Lestrade snorted into his beer.
"Their cards?” his father asked for clarification.
As he passed out of the bedroom, he surveyed the sitting area with regret.  The books were in sad shape.  Carefully he picked up John’s Mother’s E. Nesbit book and wrapped it in a somewhat dry towel before shoving it into the suitcase.  Sentiment drove him to gather up Harry Watson’s offense of an afghan, knowing the children would mourn the loss.
When I was little, our grandmother always greeted people with a kiss on the lips.  It wasn't sexual, it was a dry little peck.  A quick buss.  But it was culturally the way she grew up greeting people who were family. Much the way that some families touch cheeks together when they meet.
Siger snorted at him. “Never laugh at live dragons, Daddy!” he scolded.
There was stomping at this, and high pitched growling, and banging of items around in the kitchen.  Followed by a silence that grumbled as Siger took the garbage out.
Mother had explained why the sounds from the range could not be heard upstairs in the house.  Lots of soundproofing.  James had looked up the formulas needed for the baffling.  James always thought of the range as separate from the house that way. Part of it had been a wine cellar, and part a secret place for smuggled things.  James thought the idea of a secret hiding place was interesting, but he was not allowed to share it with anyone.
The sturdy, blond haired doctor tried to focus on the readings for the day, but he was just now realizing that they’d not made plans for Christmas this year.  Not any. John hadn’t talked about presents with Sherlock or Mrs. Hudson.  No decisions had been made on whether or not to get a real tree – since Miri seemed to be developing allergies.
“Yes.  We can plan a series of experiments for you.  For all three of you.  And now, next, we will need to do your father’s hair, but before we can get to that, he’s going to need to go and change into the clothing I’ve set out on the bed.  John,” Sherlock carefully removed the shower cap, then the sheet, “Don’t mess about.”
‘The difference between us is that I did not have friends, Siger.  You do,” Sherlock added reluctantly.
Jeanette began a laugh, which broke off as the next contraction began.  “Silly bugger,” she gasped, smiling up at the blond man on the other side.  He smiled at his partner, fondly, before looking down at the surrogate and sharing a grin.
“Oh!  That would be lovely!” Miranda said, pleased.  She’d never been the one to help with police work before.  Siger had - well, he’d been kidnapped, and so had Ross, and they’d both gotten involved in all kinds of hijinks with Daddy and
“Who was it?” Sherlock was not asking, he as muttering as he flipped through a variety of possibilities.  Nothing came.  Mycroft had resources for this sort of thing.  Best to use them.
“Siger!” Danny was shouting over the adults, “Em got dinosaurs for Christmas!”
John, who had abandoned him in this darkened, suffocating room, while the family enjoyed a lovely, companionable lunch together in the kitchen.  Sherlock could smell the savoury aroma of chicken soup, could hear the vague rattle of utensils, and chatter as Miranda talked around her bottle, and Siger explained some no doubt fascinating bit of data that he’d discovered while his
Sherlock Holmes smiled at him, and said, “It will be interesting to hear your ideas for the title of this little adventure.  What will it be?  The Father Christmas Murders?”
“Angels can be fierce! I showed Daddy a stained glass window in a shop, and it had an angel that was very fierce.  It was pointing at Adam and Eve, and telling them to go to Time Out!” his son explained.
Uncle Greg nodded, “Not Oliver Frank, no.  And yah.   The crown is fine.  One of your dated sketches proved that the guard had been in the room before.  Where he was not supposed to be, and out of uniform.  You’ve a good eye for faces and body language.”
John, Sherlock, Bert, and the Elf girl all snickered at the startled expression on the dubious Father Christmas’s face at Siger’s last comment.
“Out of the mouths of babes,” muttered John as he swung his daughters into the the bathroom.
After the Queen's speech. April 5th.
“My transport is failing me,’ mumbled the dark haired detective.
“What do those classify as?” John asked with humour.
by the same author.  There were Christmas books for Kipper, for Lucy and Tom, for Spot, and the Jolly Postman.  Siger’s Daddy’s favorite was a Robert Ingpen illustrated version of
The children receive their Christmas cards from the church!
(See the end of the chapter for
“êtes-vous en sécurité, Père?”  - Are you safe, father?
“It’s for the best, John,” came from Sherlock as he turned on the nursery monitor.
Miri giggled and shouted, while Siger sang Christmas carols with his mouth full of beans.  John strove to keep the tablecloth covering the sitting room floor orderly and out of the way of his rambunctious spouse and offspring.
.  One big enough for the whole herd of elephants he could hear waking up in the nursery.  He’d make the hot chocolate.  And they’d all have
Miri looked over at them and gurgled, waving the donkey.  Then, rolling onto her stomach, she proceeded to inch worm her way back down the hallway toward them.
“Wosawind,” came out, distorted by a two-year-old’s lisp.
Sherlock sniffed disdainfully.  He told John, “All twelve of those crime spikes are clearly associated with the ridiculous consumption of the ‘season’, and forced familial togetherness.”
“Best make it a good one, then,” said big Tom.
, could you do that for us sometime?  Show us how to put the makeup on correctly?”
“What is wrong with looking seven?” Sherlock asked her.  He looked at his daughters with the intensity that told them it was important.  To him at least
Well.  John needed to urinate, and that meant cuddling would have to take a backseat to a full bladder.  Not that John cuddled anyone except his children.  No.  Not at all.  He kept that in mind as the blankets were unwrapped with difficulty from the inside. Kicking was required, though the man tried not to make violent contact with his spouse.
“How much of that is true?” John laughed.
And dress by yellow candle-light.
pushing the perambulator with Miranda and Rosalind each holding their bears (Snow White and Rose Red), with Bert Tran and Mrs. Hudson following behind.
“You don’t understand, Dr. Watson.  Those are not my geese at the farm.  I don’t know where they came from, and I don’t know what happened to my geese, but those are not them.  They.  They ain’t my geese.” The old man had pulled his cloth cap from his head and was wringing it in his hands.
After Daddy typed on his laptop for a bit, he went and fetched the camera.  Miri was no longer crawling, she was sitting next to Ross and had traded the donkey for the purple king, who was now waving in the air.  Siger played with the
He was following
Physical affection, touch, is a requirement for a healthy brain.  Brain scan studies of Romanian children adopted from orphanages in Romania after the Ceausescu regime fell discovered areas of the brain that were never turned on because adults in the orphanages were strictly forbidden to hold or touch the children.  Ever.  Their bottles were propped, and when their diapers were changed the caretakers were not to touch the children if they could at all help it.
John crossed his eyes, making the children laugh, and then said, “All right, sugar pie, no more itching,” which made the children laugh even more, and Sherlock's face crumple in mock disgust at the endearment.
“Thank you, Anna,” Martha Hudson took the thin, bone china and sipped the lovely cup of English Breakfast.
Please consider supporting those agencies in your community.  It's not the animals' faults that they end up dropped off, thrown out, or - worse - disposed of when people grow tired of them.                Also... Redbeard is deliberately not mentioned.   Later story for that.
Mycroft stiffened.  “I expect to hear no end of rude commentary from them.  In the end they will comply, if only because they know that I can afford this.  And that it will bring their children pleasure.”
A deep voice echoed from the stairwell: “Certainly the greatest of calamities to our bedclothes!”
“I don’t know if all the kidnappings were necessary,” John grinned.
Edited, and something important added.  As it will come up again eventually.
John resolved to compromise, just a little, on his partner’s next request for an unsustainable experiment.
“Is it animal, vegetable, or mineral?”
“Ross,” John said quietly down into Rosalind’s hair, "Do you think that you can do one of
Yes, Rosalind would, and yes, it did.  Looking into the mirror in the yellow dress, her brown hair done up in pigtails, she curtseyed as Mycroft had shown her and Miranda months ago.
? A story about an angel? Miri wants to hear about the shepherds.”
The van stopped, engine still running.  John had given up trying to follow the turns and stops.  He had no idea where in London they were.  Traffic light, he guessed, as he did hear the sound of motors passing in front of them.
“And your Daddy told me, ‘It's where two people who like each other go out and have fun.’” Sherlock told the small boy tucked into the bed.
Sherlock went to the rescue at Siger’s stricken look.  “Siger has not gone through puberty yet.  When he grows up, he will have body and facial hair, and a heavier skull.  And a larger larynx.  Males and females at nine and younger have predominantly the same skeletal structure.  That is why we can not differentiate genders by skeletons of children who are prepubescent.”
Siger was tucked into bed again.  “
Oh.  John put his pail down carefully to avoid squashing either of the twins.  Siger hopped over the trough and ran to him, “Dad, do you have the assignment paper?  I need to show
had taught him, very quietly, missing the creaking steps as he made his way downstairs.  Daddy and
Mr. Phillips condolences were audible, if muffled.  Then a packet, square, wrapped in brown paper, slipped through the slot.  Siger shouted “Thank you!” again, picked up the packet, and turned to climb the stairs.  “Look,
“I have been monitoring the intensity of the smell, and whether or not human meat would be obvious or even noticeable to those around the murderous chef,” Sherlock told him, “Though I had not expected quite the reaction from you.  I should have, I suppose, as you are very driven by your appetites.”
pocket.  And yours.  And Uncle Greg’s.  I’m good at it, and it’s fun.”
“That you,” John pointed out, “only figured out because Mrs. Hudson likes trash telly and fiction.”
“Uncle Mycroft changed,” Siger said.
A puppy, like a baby, is not something to take on lightly.  Every year companion animals grow out of that cute baby stage, and end up in facilities looking to be re-homed.
“I would like to think about it, Daddy,” Siger decided, before going back to his song.  Which now contained the additional words “pony” and “Uncle Mycroft’s house.”
Siger took the last envelope and disposed of it with a bit less frenzy, and a little more skill born of practice.  He held the card for Miri to see.  She said, “Bbbbb,” and then giggled at her big brother.
Miranda ducked her golden braided head down, and said nothing.
Dr. John Watson, veteran, blinked, and looked at it in the light of his partner’s observations.  His heavy sigh released much of the tension in his highly affronted frame.  “You have a point.  Though flesh burning from a bomb doesn’t smell exactly like a roast, Sherlock.  There’s the chemical flavor,” and how did he ever begin to explain the wrongness of describing the horrors of war in tasting terms, “to begin with.  And burning is not the same as roasting.”
“I will scratch it for you,” his spouse said ominously, drawing a large palette knife from the box.  “No, wait!  Siger, get me a fork!” he said winking at the boy.
The look Mycroft gave him as he joined John at the table was severe. “Fiction, John, and poor planning.” Gesturing for John to be seated, Mycroft joined him with an equally severe cup of plain Oolong. “How are the children?”
Siger was delighted to be able to assist.  He knew that Daddy assisted a lot.  He brought the bright red plastic bin which
A bite of a Corker’s sea salt and black pepper crisp was enjoyed, and then she took a sip of her white wine.  “What do you have for me today, Siger?” she asked, as this was her weekly luncheon date with her adoptive grandson.  He always shared a fact with her at lunch.  Usually other times as well, but definitely when they had their little tradition.
Sherlock went on, “Hair was shaved and scattered in the community gardens as ‘rabbit deterrent’, and the bones were thrown into the Thames.”
John had given up the fight.  The tumbler went back to the coffee table, and his left arm wrapped around his infuriating partner.
“Would you like that?” Mycroft asked.
The walk back to Baker Street seemed longer than the walk to the park.  Siger was tired.
“Tada!” Mr. Phillips produced three very similar envelopes with some panache.  “I expect that I can entrust these to you, and give the rest to your Grammy?”
Greg had never expected to laugh quite so much in his relationships with any of the Holmes family.  After the advent of Siger and his siblings into their lives, yes he had been open to the idea, but wary.  Dating Mycroft had given Greg an insight into the man’s dry sense of the absurd.  That shared humour often made him laugh, as he was chuckling now.
“Your ‘magnum opus’?” Siger teased into his father’s shoulder.
Siger nodded yes.
Clothing went into a suitcase from under Siger’s bed.  The man worked efficiently and without thinking of what might have happened to the children if the fire had moved faster and further, and the children had not been drilled in how to use the ladder.
, but we’ll get there eventually.”
was eying the thick, knotted and curved stick the man was holding.  “It would certainly be handy in a fight if one knew how to use it,”
“When did your parents start you on footie, John?” Uncle Greg asked.
“Good morning,” John said a chipper as a London sparrow waiting for a crumb of doughnut to be dropped.
John had gotten a bee in his bonnet.  Sherlock knew that look of obstinate determination.  As if they did not have any number of adequate science and picture books available for Siger, Miranda and Rosalind.
Joyeux was little.  The littlest of them all.  She could only really speak four languages.  Yet.  Same as Will, her big brother. English and French, of course.  British Sign Language was something they’d both spoken all her life.  And then there was Ting Viet that she had learned from her cousins and Bert, their Au Pair.  Not like Daddy.  Or Uncle Lock.  Who understood so many more. Of course, she had to admit, she spoke all of those four languages better than Uncle John, even if he did know Pashto.  And swearing.
He received an instant response, “What does Mycroft want? Did you get the milk? SH”
Siger supposed that they were all dear, then, and he should just get used to it.  He moved over for Grammy Hudson to open the latch, and carried the cards carefully in through the gate.  Not waiting for Grammy Hudson to re-fasten it, he said, “Come on, Miri,” and ran past her into the sitting area of 221B.
“Sherlock, they’re both well within the limits for their age.  They’re proceeding differently because they’re different people.  With separate experiences from Siger,” John had spent his own time considering Ross’s behavior.  He’d spoken to the pediatrician about it, and had planned for what points to bring up with his partner.  “Ross is always watching.  Siger, you, me, everyone who comes into the flat.  Ross watches them.  She’s alert.  And we know that she talks to Miranda.   Well, makes sounds at Miranda when they’re in bed at night, or first thing in the morning.  We hear that through the monitor.”
“Oh,” John sat back in his worn, upholstered chair.  “No, I guess they’re not.” That sounded sadder than he expected.
There was a queue, but not much of one, so Dr. John Watson was able to observe his watcher from two places back.  Not a young man, so the hoodie didn’t really suit him.  Sherlock would, of course, have inferred and deduced everything about him.  All John could see was that he was slightly overweight, greasy blond hair sticking out of the hoodie, with some rosacea, and a squint.  What should he call him?  The Hoodie? Hoodie man? The man suddenly developed an interest in the written instructions posted on the wall between the loos.
“Why, Siger!  You’ve got a packet from Jeanette,” his father told him.
“Grit,” said Mr. Gurdy, “for their gizzards.  Made of ground oyster shell.  Helps them to digest, it does.”
The range-master was all grey.  His hair was grey, his big mustache was grey, and he wore grey camo whenever James saw him.  Even Sergeant Major Bascombe’s skin was grey.  When James had first been brought downstairs to the range to meet the range-master, the boy had expected his voice to be booming, like the guns.  Instead, he was quiet, and bland.  Even his voice was grey, James thought.
She gave a decided nod.  The conversation having ended, she went back to her iPad, and left John to his sleep.
“I’d like for us to leave London no later than the tenth of January.  However, if we leave this Sunday, we can celebrate Sherlock’s birthday in Scotland.  Gregory can come up with us, then leave on the seventh to come back to London.”  John could not hear it, but Sherlock knew how unhappy his brother was about that.
In the absence of conversation, the sounds of the street seemed magnified - cars traveling Baker Street, passers-by chattering on the pavement, and a siren in the distance. Suddenly, John gave a snort. A giggle broke loose, and the blond doctor leaned back in his chair and laughed until he was out of breath.
Their talk devolved to bits and pieces, the minutiae of life and children, the tedium of work.  By the time that Anthea knocked politely on the cellar door, an hour had passed.  Small things.  Ordinary talk. But it refreshed Mycroft Holmes, and prepared him to rejoin the household.
It is later that they will, separately, curl around each other in the big bed, warm under the bedclothes, and warmed by each other’s body heat, or shocked by the sudden coldness of another’s feet against their own warm bodies.  And more understand than think about how fortunate each of them is to have found this.  To have family.  To be able to relax and know that they are, if not understood completely, then accepted.
John turned a disgruntled face toward her retreating figure.  “I have a list,” he said to the air at large.  That had not sounded too plaintive, had it?
bell-end (plural bell-ends) (Britain, slang, vulgar) The glans penis. (Britain, slang, offensive, vulgar) A stupid or contemptible person (Wiktionary).  There is another definition for New Zealand.
Damnation.
His Holmes turned to look piercingly at him.  “I will dress.  Then we will take a stroll around the park before looking for a restaurant for supper.”
Siger handed his Père the mobile that had been in the adult’s pocket.  While Siger could not tell time yet, they’d discovered he was more than capable of accessing the timer app on Sherlock’s mobile.  Ten minutes.  Not an extended period.
After dinner, nothing was said. Sherlock continued to read to Siger. Ross was lolling on her stomach on Harry’s much used afghan.
Well.  This was tedious.  Best to get up and going.  The suitcase was gone from its place on the blanket chest.  Clean, folded clothing lay there instead.  Bless Anna!
And I should like so much to play,
He considered ignoring Mycroft’s call.  The mobile went into the drawer.
John thought about it a moment.  “Deal.”
Except for some children.  They couldn't figure out what the common factor was.  They weren't from the same region, or town or family.  Until an intern, filing the scans, discovered that they were all from the same orphanage.  Same floor.  Same wing.  A long dormitory.  And the scientists flew to Romania and discovered that every night the janitor there on that wing would start with the first child, pick it up, hold it, and tell it that it was loved.  Put that child down, go to the next. and do the same.  All down the line.  When she had done that, she finished her cleaning work.   When the scientists found her, she was afraid she was going to be punished for doing that.
“Of course,” John said.  He stood back and admired their work.  “Do you see any bald spots?” he asked.
Sherlock allowed a small smile to creep out.  As long as John could laugh, things would be alright.
John’s laugh was painful.  “Tits up?  Not something I ever expected to hear from you.”
Upstairs in the nursery, while he was choosing clothing for the girls for the day (Siger generally chose his own), he slipped
Sherlock nodded, not quite recalling the event.  Rosalind and Miranda were dressed up too, he realized.  Ross was wearing a tunic that someone, probably Bert, had contrived from an old pillowcase, tied around her waist with the belt from John’s bathrobe.  Miri wore pink leotards.  Sherlock was having difficulty inferring what part of the Biblical story that she was portraying.
All in all, a good reminder of what he was working for.
“Yeah, Dad.  I love you too,” and Siger leaned into his father’s caress.
often disappeared.  Mrs. Hudson was there on the bench, so Siger was not worried.
The conversation at the table ranged from music to children’s, literature.  Greg’s punk background, and Mycroft’s classical one, encouraged eclecticism.  Siger was excited about beginning violin lessons after the holidays. He asked questions about their musical instruments - though Greg said, “Punk doesn’t mean actually playing instruments, you know.”
“Yeah, yeah, Siger Sweet, I know.  It’s just happening a little more quickly than I expected.” John looked from his son’s serious face to Miri and Ross on the sitting room floor.
The book, which was one of several scattered on the wooden floor, was procured, and three small children were perched in his narrow lap ready to hear the tale of the angel.  Not a believer himself, Sherlock had promised John that cynicism would not escape his thoughts with regard to religion.
Sherlock was out on his semi-weekly evening free of familial duties.  John knew that his consulting detective would eventually end up at the mortuary, where Molly was working third shift.  Until that point, there was no use trying to find the man.  Either he was taking samples of pollutants from the Thames, chatting with the Homeless Network, or exploring London in disguise.  And while his understanding of a balanced meal was better than it had been, it was still not up to Dr. John Watson’s standards.
returned, but Siger had saved the knots for his father.  “Thank you, Siger,” the detective told his son, before explaining that these were simple square knots.  Siger’s
An avalanche of baby babble tumbled out as Rosalind Margaret tried to tell her father everything that had happened, interspersed with questions about Siger and Miri Cat.  At least according to Sherlock's translation.  Were they okay?  Was
Being public figures (Hatman and Robin -- how John loathed that nickname in the press) meant that they received unsolicited items for themselves and for the children.  They had fans, who sent them things.  There were also corporations hoping to garner a celebrity recommendation that sent them boxes of goods.
Siger nodded, more to himself, as
Daddy called for Bert, and they brought Ross and Miri in to witness Siger opening the package like a shark ripping through a school of fish.  Opening the box, Siger found a lady in pink, a man in blue with a brown beard, and three men with crowns and beards in blue, orange, and purple.  There were also a sheep, a donkey, and a cow, and a plastic painted to look like wood manger filled with plastic straw and a baby.
and Mrs. Hudson were all humans - had two hips.
“Yes, it bloody well does!” John thought about his response to the odor of cooking meat and felt nauseated.
“Grammy Hudson,” offered Siger,  before adding, “But she’s having Indian food.  It was delivered while
First of all, Greg refused to go.  “Mycroft, my presence will completely change the dynamic.  I support the idea.  I’ll even take the other kids to the museum or a train ride or to the park or whatever while you’ve got one shopping with you.  That way we can give John and Sherlock and the others a break.  But you’re going to have this time with your nieces and nephew all to yourself.”
Ben nodded, “Young Siger should see little Samson racing about under the branches of our tree.  Like a kid, he is.  Our babies are all grown, but don’t have children of their own yet.  So the wives like a bit of life, and Samson answers the bill.”
That curl topped head cocked like a bird, “While you’ve had objections to my keeping ‘bits of corpses’ in the flat before, this is something on a more visceral level, isn’t it?”
“Canada. Vancouver. Your expenses would be paid. Business class, of course. Just you. Not Sherlock.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Nor I yours,” Mycroft eyed the thick silver on Greg’s head.  His manicured hands twitched.
“I don’t know anyone like that,” John said, “Not at all!”
And the entire procession proceeded. With Siger, his Daddy, and his
“No, Sweet,” his father leaned over to give full attention, “Let me know what you would like to try, and we’ll see if you like it.”
“Don’t be foolish, John. But as soon as he learns to read, he’s going to know exactly what we’ve been up to.  You do realize that?” laughed the man sitting next to him.
Siger appeared, clambering up onto the bed and into John’s lap.  John looked into the uplifted, snub-nosed face.  “Perhaps,” Sherlock said, “It would be best to discuss this later this afternoon or evening.”
“You’re not planning on charging into the fray to combat this thing, are you?”
grumbled.
http://historythings.com/krampusnacht-what-is-it-and-how-did-it-start/
John waved a hand.  “I always thought I’d take him to his first game.  But, yeah.  It’s okay.  Sort it out with Mycroft and let me know.”
“Indian?” John suggested with a mildly relieved grin.
allowed for their fireplace.  There was a ring of stones, smooth round rocks that were about the size of Siger’s two fists put together each.  Inside the ring was a pile of ashes and burnt sticks.  There was a long spot, where the dirt was pushed down.  A rubbed spot on the branch of one of the surrounding trees, was too tall for Siger to examine well.  But he showed it to
“It’s what? Three there?” John settled on the couch with his plate of red covered pasta.
Sherlock stoppered that sentence with a long, thin hand across John’s lips.  “Leave me some sanity, John Watson,” he said.
“Quiet, John,” and his partner showed them how to carefully apply the makeup and blend it into the hairline.  “You need to make sure that it covers evenly, and doesn’t look caked on.  Caked base can crack, and ruin the illusion.  See, here?  It’s not covering as well as the other areas, so we put a dab more, and blend it in.  There are blending sticks you can use, but I’m just going to use my hands on your Dad.  Quiet, John.”
or Daddy would reach them down and share the photographs with Siger.  Someday they would share those with Ross and Miri as well.  Daddy had said so.
Siger was playing quietly with Miri in the sitting room, helping her to build castles with the periodical blocks, and then deconstructing them in interesting fashions.  In spite of the fiary lights, the evergreens, and the Christmas cards, the room did not look Christmas-y.  Rather it looked as though a cyclone had hit it.  Orange shock blanket on the couch, with a dented pillow on one end, showed that Sherlock had at some point lain down.  There were dishes from breakfast and lunch on the coffee table, along with Miri’s empty bottles.  It seemed easier to consolidate activity in the sitting area, rather than scattered throughout the house.
Ah.  “What other angels say ‘Fear not’?” Sherlock asked as he entered the room and gave his son the invitation to tell him all, settling into the rocking chair.
“What my colleague means,” inserted the stocky blond with the air of command (his name tag read:  J. Watson, Circulation Manager) as he leaned against the mahogany standing desk, “Is that we can offer no legal comment, suggestion, or advice whatsoever.”
“May I have a pencil and paper, please?” she asked when the ideas began to overwhelm her.  No. Leaning back, she thought about one last person that she should not call before beginning to plan a long, swirling skirt in her mind.  He did always have such lovely clothing, though never skirts.  She needed a particular type of skirt to convey the sweeping and overwhelming character of the grand dame in a play her class was doing in the Little Theater.
They’d been together, the three of them, at the Initiative under very similar circumstances.  Jeanette had not given birth to Siger, their son, but she’d carried one of Sherlock’s many children  - all part of a grand scheme by the long dead Jim Moriarty.
As he hung his overcoat on the pegs by the door it occurred to the good Doctor that Mrs. Hudson’s door was closed.  And that her mail still waited on the long table next to the staircase.  Those were the obvious signs that their landlady was not home.  Sherlock, surely, would have found more.
“Colonel Moran,” the servant said respectfully from the door, “The young master is home.”
Ross looked startled at that, and Miri, hopeful.  “And then what?” Ross asked.
“Bananas?  And Ham?” Siger giggled at how shocked
No one had been harmed.  Well, not physically. A row of child seats faced them from the back facing seat - Siger, Miri, and Ross were watching their daddy with owl eyes,   Will had cried for a bit after it was all over, but now slept the sleep of the ignorant innocent in his candy striped plush footies.
, but had a solid reputation as a Christmas classic.  John was pleased that his children -- well, Siger mostly -- seemed to love it as much as he did.
.  Will was still asleep.  He was visiting for the week so that Uncles Mycroft and Greg could visit Uncle Greg’s great Aunt Louise in France.
lap, and Daddy will take our picture to give to Grammy Hudson, and to Uncle Mycroft. “
Yes.  Siger would like that very much.   There were albums that inhabited the top shelf of the book case.  Siger was not allowed to handle them, but on some occasions
“So,” Lestrade clarified, “It’s a supremely ugly jumper that shows the worst excesses of Christmas consumerism, one of which is Ugly Jumpers?”
the rubrics.”  The boy ran off and left him, eager for a consult with his genetic father.
“Indeed!  Perhaps you can tell me about that while I walk you and your brother home?”
One was a man whom Miranda was convinced was a thief of some sort.  She’d spoken to her Uncle about him, presented the Detective Inspector with a sketch torn out of her book.  No go.  Uncle Greg smiled.  “That’s one of ours, Kitten.”  Reassuring, she supposed.
“An angel, Siger?” Sherlock asked.  “Why are you being an angel? I thought you were a fierce dragon.”
“Siger!  Come down!” That was Miri.  She didn’t sound captured.  She hadn’t said the code word, so she and Ross were safe.    That was good.  Siger hated being kidnapped.
“Are you okay?” John’s concern bled into the question.
John also thought his blood pressure might be rising.  “It’s a person.  You’re roasting a person.  Sherlock!”
Sherlock rolled his eyes.  “I don’t know who is in charge.  Not much point.  But I can tell you that they’ll spend money on their own class and put it into their own pockets before they put a drop into the pail for the commonweal.”
“But,” Siger said thoughtfullly, “I like being able to steal from
Ross grabbed for the pieces of paper, but when Siger held the card in front of her face, saying, “Look Ross, at the pretty card,” she caught it and stuffed it into her mouth.  “No, Ross,” Siger told her, pulling the drool soaked paper from her mouth and hand, “The cards go up on the book shelf!”
laughing and speaking as they removed outerwear.  Their footsteps tramping up the steps were a little heavy.  They must be tired.  Siger bust from his hive and ran to his Daddy, who caught him up and threw him into the air.  “How’s my boy?” his Daddy asked.
brought Ross.  Mrs Hudson walked slowly behind Siger, who was not as fast on the steps as Daddy was.
“I beg your pardon, Siger.” John controlled himself.  “‘It does not do to leave a live dragon out of your calculations, if you live near him,’” the man quoted.  He did know quite a few words from the book.  When the movies had been released, he’d gone back to the basics and reread
Hmm. Holmes played the speech in his mind palace.  “Children,” he asked, “What is a rainbow?”
“This is ridiculous, John,”
“That’s as may be,” John responded, “But as special as the marzipan ornaments are, I’d like to give Mycroft and Greg something else this year.”
Little sister Miri had the habit of closing doors and cabinets.  It was a typical two-year-old obsession.  This was not an issue most times, as there were times when some of the older people were handling three or more children and whatever task they had undertaken.  But she also did this while the cupboards or doorways were in actual use.  Siger found this more annoying than anyone else, and his high-pitched voice could be heard lecturing his toddler sister.  No sound from Ross, as usual.
John nodded, then went on, “Who took their methods from classic mystery series, and pulp novels.”
Siger smiled back at the delivery man shyly.  “Thank you, sir.”
“You told me that.  After I was kidnapped.  The first time.  At least, it was the first time I remember,” Siger hugged even more tightly at the thought of his father alone.
“Ew,” Ross commented.
More smoke and water damage.  Black climbing the bannisters and wall where an offshoot of the fire had licked its way up.   It was the only burn damage - accelerant?  Holmes could not think how that had been distributed, since the major aspect of the fire was the car bomb that had struck Speedy’s front window.
Not everyone is incompetent, as the shop manager proved.  Confronting the blustering female, the manager signaled a clerk at the door to stop the fleeing boy.  A few minutes into the row a box of razors slipped down and out of the nasty (and that was the cleaned up version of John’s thoughts) woman’s trouser leg.  The tumult drifted away, as John dragged the trolley and his children over to begin his regular battle with the chip and pin machine.
“Possibly.  I will have to think about this.  You have, after all, sat on this information for six months.  If Siger was in imminent danger you would have handled the situation yourself,” it was said with complete confidence.
“Language,
he cried.  “Come in and see me be an angel for Miri and Ross!”
the meaning of Christmas.
“What are you doing now,” John wondered, as Sherlock reached over and turned off the oven.
“And you don’t know if any reason why I would want to do this today?” John asked him.
Enough.  He couldn’t take everything.  The insurance adjusters would let them know what could be saved.  The suitcase went down stairs to sit with Mrs. Hudson’s bags.
There was a moment of silence so heavy that John could feel it on his shoulders. “Again, I ask, why isn’t Sherlock here? Why are you talking to me instead of your brother?”
Listening to his nephew’s violin lesson in the Library, Mycroft Holmes observed that the chandelier in the front hall had been denuded of the majority of the lead crystal pendants. It was not a good look for the light fixture. Passing through the doorway into the front room he discovered Will and Daniel upon the ladder – well, that explained how they’d pilfered from the chandelier. The drapes were thrown wide open, and the boys were hanging a string of faceted crystals in a drooping line across the wide front windows.
“Siger will understand the complexities of human behavior more when he is older. Then he and I can dissect the motivations of the characters.  You will translate those into a real life experience to make it more understandable for me.  Siger will surprise both of us with his understanding.  Appropriate for Christmas, don’t you think?”
“Can I fit it in my mouth?” John asked hopelessly, ready with ‘bigger than a bread box?’ for next.
That was a funny thought.  How would Daddy put the ideas in his head.  Would he drip them in Siger’s ear, like when he put medicine in there?  He would need to ask.  For now, he followed his father into the undergrowth.
“Isn’t it good that you just finished a case.  Now you have time to be ill instead of bored,” Daddy told him.
Upon receiving an affirmative Siger had to think about that.  He thought all through Daddy steeping his tea, putting some honey in it, and letting it cool a little before handing the sippy cup to Siger.  Siger was not to complain about the sippy cup, as he really found his arms were not working all that well.  It was not silent in the kitchen, with John commenting on the food offerings to his daughters, Miri’s humming, and Ross’s lip smacking.  But the homely noise was welcoming.  Siger finally spoke up, “I think that I would like a skeleton, Daddy.”
(See the end of the chapter for
John Watson was patching up the knife slice to the consulting detective’s arm.  It wasn’t deep, but it was nasty.  Stitching was necessary.  John was precise and neat in his sewing.  Danger removed the tremor.  They were pinned down by a maniac with a rifle.  Dangerous enough.
Finally his father put the violin away.  “Come along, Apis Mellifera, and help me get your Daddy’s and sister’s teas,”
“That’s the hoodie man, back by the loo.  He’s peeking through the crack in the curtain.”
Miri and Ross gnawed on bright rubber parrots that seemed to have escaped from a pirate ship by virtue of their eye-patched faces.  Siger had chosen those because, as he told his Pere, “‘Soon as they can walk the plank, we can make them part of our pirate crew!”  Siger also volunteered to hang the girls' ornaments - a white and a red rose respectively, but not before Ross had taken a bite out of hers, to Siger's dismay.
Christmas songs can be sung at any time, actually.
Edit Chapter
said.
Siger Hamish Holmes stood in front of the pack of people watching the white cloud.  His small face was grim.  His red rimmed eyes, made all the more vivid by thick, long, red lashes under only slightly darker eyebrows, brimmed with tears.
“Time?” he asked Siger.
Sherlock waved the hand that did not hold the mobile, “I’m classifying house paint specks, Mycroft.  Unless you’ve got a fanatical rooms designer on the loose, then no.”
“Yes,” John grunted from his position face down in the dirt with his arms bound behind his back, “I’m waiting for Sherlock Holmes.  I have paperwork for those lab specimens in my left coat pocket.”
, written and illustrated by Brian Wildsmith.  Even at a year she would trace the intricate pictures with a small finger, and whisper softly to herself.  Ross liked Kipper, and Spot, and any other bright coloured, boldly illustrated book.  She did not much like books that had the little details that Siger loved so much.
“Which one is Miri’s, Daddy?” the little boy asked, showing the remaining two cards.
Ross’s brown-braided head bounced in a nod of agreement, before she snuggled back into his arms.  Relief blossomed in his aching body.  He kissed the soft top of her pate, the fever radiating hot against his chapped lips.  She must be feeling awful.
“Tea for me, Daddy?” Siger asked sweetly as a honeybee.
And did that not sound completely trite.  True though.
“Now, about being pretty.  I would classify you three as beautiful.  Physically you are beautiful children.  You don’t need to draw attention to your best features, because you have fresh skin, long eyelashes, and lovely colour in your lips.  Your hair is well cared for, and undamaged.  You do not, at seven and nine, need to advertise your attractiveness to seek out a mate.  That’s for when you are older.  If you choose.  Your father, though, is very masculine, and grown up, and we’re going to make him look like a girl.”
Mycroft loved language.  He was a master of it.  He gloried in long and sensuous wording.  And refused to admit that he enjoyed a good pun now and then.  “Really, Greg,” he said to hide his enjoyment, “A pun?  The lowest form of humour!”
.  You need to rest.  Let your body fix itself, okay?”
“Yes.  And as close to vegetarian as you like,” Sherlock smiled.  “Just toss the three in the freezer into the bio hazard bins.”
“May we get these for Miri, Pere?” Siger asked hopefully.
Siger, Joyeux, and Guillaume were simple compared to Mycroft’s baby brother. Rose and Miranda were no trouble at all.  The two little girls seemed to have very little interest in hiding in the first place, and spying in the second. Which was useful in their sequestration here at Dachaigh Dùthchail.
Pulling the tail of his sheet through the doorway, he could hear John reading aloud from the sitting room. One of the children must be there as well.  Not more than one; it was too quiet.
Daddy rolled his eyes.  “Our little parrot.  That’s what you are, Siger.”
In a little under four months, they would be bringing home their own little bundle of joy.  The  understanding that the gifts they shared with Siger now, and with Ross and Miri, would be even greater when shared with the little girl, biological daughter of Greg, egg donated by a well-researched stranger, and carried by a surrogate - but their child completely - lifted Greg’s heart.
To my knowledge there is not actually a brick and mortar wand shop in London.  In Real London, or London Above.
Sherlock nodded again, irritated that he was repeating his response.  “I see,” he said to change things up, before asking, “Why are you playing at being angels today?”
Siger was trying to pet his sister, saying, “Bon Miranda! Bon chiot!” as his sister crawled across the room toward the hallway.
Greg found it beautiful.  It was gorgeous to see the man he loved open up with their nephew, Siger.
That got a laugh.  She loved her uncle’s laugh, boyish and relaxed.  “No need. You’re not under arrest.  Though they’d like to keep your sketch books to use in the investigation.  You’ll get the drawings back after the case is closed.”
“Did you read children’s books at all?” Greg asked around a mouthful of brownie.
Summary:
John grimaced, and Siger didn’t think it was the bleach.  “Mrs. Jenkins should mind her own bloody business,” John said with determination as he attacked a discoloration in the white enamel, “if she can’t listen to what you’ve told her over and over again.”
Sherlock watched as Ross nodded, and signed hopefully for a banana, then as John hauled himself to his feet and stretched before heading to the kitchen.
told his son.
sounded sad when he said it, “Mycroft changed.”
Without discomfort, there is no comfort.
Christmas tales.  Ensconced inside his Mind Palace, Sherlock grumbled as he surveyed a library of children’s works that displayed numerous empty spaces.
When Sherlock Holmes walked in the door to the sitting room, he was met by a cozy scene.  His spouse and their two daughters playing on the floor, and his son seated at the coffee table concentrating furiously on his task.  Sherlock dispensed kisses all round, then sat down on the carpet next to Siger.  “What are you working on, Siger?” he asked after kissing the top of the curly haired head.
Siger knew that those sounds could be heard downstairs on the monitors in the sitting room and his parents’ bedroom.  If he started to sing, even quietly, someone would come upstairs to check on him.  Siger sometimes knew they were standing out on the landing listening at the nursery door.  Right now he could hear sounds rising up the steps from the sitting room.
read, ““And he, he himself...the Grinch...carved the roast-beast!”
“Yes, he’s very thoughtful.  Your cardigans?  No, I haven’t heard from the adjuster yet.  Oh.  He’s there now.  Yes.  I promise we will replace your jumpers.
“We could make rainbows,” Will offered, “Daniel and Emma can help make ours, since they already have them.”
The visit to the sweet shop was fairly short.   Siger entered with Sherlock, since they were obviously related.  John walked in with their daughters on his arms.  Siger, Ross, and Miri were spending more time watching the other customers walk than they were on deciding which confections they wanted to take home.  The girls, of course, addressed John as Mummy, mostly to giggle when he tried not to wince.
John Watson carried Miri on his back.  Hips, he had learned long ago, do not work as well for men as they do for women in the carrying of children.  His daughter pointed past his ear toward whatever caught her interest, chattering in excitement over the people, the glitter, and the noise.
laughed and said, “Really, John, a two-step is not a ballroom dance.”
Because this was a special date, as Sherlock kept calling it, between John and Lestrade, that meant that John was not responsible for taking care of the children during that time.  Sherlock had, of course, tried to get Mycroft to babysit, as he was in the midst of a series of experiments on fatty livers and their effect on poisons ingested.  To be fair, he was doing this with rats, and the rats were not being kept in 221B at all.  Mrs. Hudson, Alice Brown, and John had all protested.  And so Sherlock had found someone somewhere else who owed him an immense favour, and he was stuffing the rats in another venue.
taught us on how to lie properly.”
, “And this is a sheep.  Because the shepherds said ‘hello’ first.”
Until Siger was born.  At first this was not a problem.  Because Sherlock was an adult, and Siger was an infant, and that was all there was to that.  Except that infants grow.  They become toddlers, who are much more aware not only of the world around them, but of the past, the present and the future.  Babies live in the now, mostly.  Toddlers begin to think about what happened in the past, and how it affects them in the future.  And then toddlers grow to be older, and wiser, little children.  Who watch their parents not just to mirror them, but also to question.
