“I made sure to bring him to Paradise. Sam will join him soon,” Jack says. Before Castiel can register shock, Jack quickly adds, “Not soon. Soon for Dean. But Sam is still alive.”
Olga shakes her head. “Heaven hasn’t had that kind of power in a long time. Not since before we got here. I’m not sure what does anymore, except cosmic entities.”
“I know that,” Jack says. “But killing Chuck wouldn’t help keep anybody safe, or build Paradise. It would just be for revenge. It would be cruel.” He tells Amara like an offering. “This way he’ll never hurt anybody again. If he wants to be, he has a chance to be happy on Earth. And maybe in Paradise, one day.”
“What, really?” Dean asks. The house is two stories, a mix of brick and white wooden panelling, like any house you could pick out of a planned suburb. There’s no white picket fence, but there’s a front yard where a swing dangles from an old oak tree.
“Hello, Dean,” says a voice that he would know anywhere.
. Cas is out there, guiding Jack through this. Dean doesn’t know what to think. The cicadas drone on, and as the sun rises the world, ever-glowing already with Paradise’s light, starts to go blindingly bright.
“There’s something out there,” Amara promises them. She’s said it before, in the weeks they’ve spent breathing life into Paradise. “I can feel them stirring.”
“Jack,” Cas insists as Heaven quakes around them, nearly knocking them to their knees. “What did you do?”
He shoves his Walkman into a trenchcoat pocket.
“I guess not,” Cas agrees.
There’s a ripple, like a heralding. The sound of wings.
“You can have it,” Sam offers gently. “If you want it. I’ve been saving it, just in case.” The unspoken comes through loud and clear.
Sam and Dean make the rounds. Ellen’s hug is warm, but Jo’s is tighter. The Roadhouse is dark and light, the dimness never fading the life that seems to pulse around them. There’s bullet holes in the walls even in Heaven, but the sight of them is marked with memories of bandaging wounds, the adrenaline of having lived another day and the laughter of it all being over. If Dean ponders it for a little too long, the smell of gunpowder and dried blood starts to remind him of hunts, of holding out a hand for Cas to heal. Ellen and Jo are at the bar, dressed like it’s 2009 forever. They’re smiling in their gruff way, a glass of whiskey in front of each of them. A shotgun on the counter sits within Jo’s reach.
“He is so
“And after?” Amara asks. “After you’ve made Paradise?”
“Do you know of any other way?” Cas asks Olga. “Anything Naomi might have mentioned?”
Jack’s smile is full of fondness.
But he hadn’t done it to everybody.
Cas’s room has never been a place of particular attachment. He much prefers the kitchen, or the map room, or the library— places where he and Dean and Sam and Jack could sit around a table together. But it was always nice to have someplace he could go to be alone. And everything here is how he left it. The bed is made and never slept in. The desk is cleared away. There are a few books on a shelf, and of course a little radio with a cassette player. Dean had dredged it up from a yard sale someplace, as half a Christmas gift. The other half was the mixtape. Cas looks around. The cassette tape usually sits on the desk. It isn’t there. It isn’t in the cassette tape player, or on the nightstand. It isn’t anywhere in his room.
“I love you, too, Cas.”
The difficulty is the
Cas is in a living room. It’s Christmas.
Cas looks around. Angels used to fill these halls, and now they’re empty. The doors are all sealed, glowing with Heaven’s light, but the longer he looks the more cracks Castiel sees in the foundations.
Though he knows Dean is whole and walking free in Paradise, Cas can’t help feel a gaping hollow in his heart. He stares at the urn. Dean’s smile is in there somewhere, reduced to molecules. Dean’s heart, and that liver he was ruining. His eyes, a hundred shades of green. And those hands. How many times has Cas healed those hands? Poured out his grace into an open wound and made it whole again?
Jack wants to tear down Heaven. Around them, it’s already crumbling. It’s half ruins, half autopilot— a ghost ship with less than a bare bones crew. It’s time to put it to rest, Jack explained. And even though he knows his son is right, there’s a fist-sized aching in Cas’s chest. Heaven was his home, once. Long ago, when there was nothing in his world but blind faith and an army of brothers and sisters.
They stood a ways away from the house, watching people arrive for the housewarming party. Cars lined the driveway and the side of the road on both ways. Already people bustled around inside, and more were traipsing up the steps bearing gifts. For each guest, Dean threw open the door. He puffed his chest out like a proud beaver showing off a fresh-built dam. He welcomed them with hugs and handshakes and ushered them inside.
. And from something about the shape of the letters, Cas can tell that Sam had carved Jack’s name. And Dean had carved Cas’s.
“To those who are gone,” Jody offers, raising a glass. She’s long past somber and into nostalgia. She’s opened many toasts like this before. “To all of us still here. And to Dean’s first Christmas.” Cas blinks. Jody gestures at the baby in Eileen’s arms. A room full of people smile down at him. The baby, cloaked in a dead man’s name, blinks and gurgles. He doesn’t understand grief. Somewhere behind them, the Zeppelin tape draws to a close. Alex gets to the cassette player before Claire does, and connects her phone to the bluetooth speaker next to it. Christmas songs take over, and Jody mouths a thank you to her.
“What about Purgatory?”
“You got old,” Jo teases, raising her eyebrows at the lines on Dean’s face. He laughs it off, but she’s right. Jo looks so small, all alight in Heaven’s glow in the way everything here is. She looks young. She died so long ago, Dean thinks. Things were so different back then. They were all young and little, running around with angels and not a line on their faces to mark the passage of time. “Don’t go pitying me now,” Jo says, glaring at him like she can read his mind. For all Dean knows, maybe she can. He remembers now, standing in front of her forever later, how she used to glare up at him like she could peel the top of his skull off and go digging around in his brain. It would be just like her and Ellen both to be able to read their minds in Heaven.
The bunker is dead silent. Every light is off. A couple, sensing his presence, switch back on and light his way as he moves between rooms. He already knows he won’t find anybody, but for one last walk through an old home he can stand the solitude. There’s a fine layer of dust on everything. It’s been a while since anybody was home.
Kelly shakes her head.
“How was John?” Cas asked.
“What,” Dean demands. “Then we can’t see each other unless we both want to at the same time?”
“This is my house,” Sam says, looking around.
“Can you do it?” Cas asks.
* * *
The angels flit in and out of Paradise. The rescuing of souls slows.
More than anything, Castiel dreams of the angels. Naomi blurs into Metatron, who blurs back into Balthazar and Hael and Hannah, passing through his memories one by one. So many brothers and sisters with his sword through their throats, over and over again. To human eyes, they glow in death— to his, they burst into darkness. A sliver of the divine, snuffed out like a candle. Castiel lives each of their deaths over and over again.
“Wouldn’t it have been easier to just give him the house?” Jack asked his father Castiel later.
Sam’s shaking his head. His tears mix with rain. “I never wanted that life for you,” he says, and he slows himself down to get it right. “I made sure you never grew up the way I did. But if you chose it for yourself, then I’m proud of you.” He pulls his son into the tightest hug. They're sticky with mud and rain, but none of them care. “I’m always gonna be proud of you, Dean.”
“We’ve made mistakes,” Naomi repeats, glaring at Castiel before turning back to Jack. Her voice is rising. “But with you here now, with you to guide Heaven, it could be a new beginning. You can make it whatever you want it to be. Heaven could be a protection again, it could be
“What?” Eileen demands, and there’s a fear in her face that goes beyond anger or worry. “Dean, were you
“When he gets here, it’ll be like they’ve only been apart for a couple hours,” Jack promises. And he insists again: “You should go see him.”
Sunk deep into the darkness, Castiel is drifting. There is no smell or texture to anything. Just the endless weight of sadness pressing down on him. Without a floor beneath his feet or walls around him, movement and stagnation taste the same. He’s wavelengths again, lost in an endless shuffling of particles. Dreams push through him, spearing him on his every sin.
“I think the time of the angels is over,” Jack says. And as soon as he’s said it, it rings with a finality. Naomi doesn’t pick up on it.
Cas can hear him, too. Dean is speaking aloud, and his prayers reach Cas as an intermingling of words and thoughts, and wordless feeling.
They’re both too familiar with it by now. Dead things don’t stay dead, not always. And those in the life are cursed to wait on the
Paradise is a bare bones kind of operation at first. It’s still new and fresh. Not enough growth. The soil is fertile but nothing yet has grown.
“What?” Dean asked.
“How can you not know?” Cas demands.
His first time back on Earth as a fully fledged angel is odd. Away from Paradise, the world feels black-and-white, like the only source of light is the grace inside him. His senses feel dulled. He touches down in Lebanon and nearly stumbles. Castiel hasn’t been this powerful since he first stepped foot on Earth twelve years ago, and his wings have never been so strong. He’s grown too used to their absence.
At this, Sam sighs like he’s exhaling the world. Like a father, Dean realizes, and the thought makes him grit his teeth. Sam has lived so much time without him. Forty years— maybe there’s parts of him that will never need Dean again.
“My name is Olga,” she says. These angels are stained with humanity, a blotchy patchwork of human and divinity like a vitiligo of light. Olga gestures at the angels behind her. “This is Jackson, Iris, Myrtle, and Mike.”
“He’s not gonna know,” Claire posits. And before Jody can say anything she darts away to the corner of the living room, straight to the music collection. She knows where everything is. This is a second home to her, and she’s comfortable here. Safe. Surrounded by family.
“Jack,” Naomi ventures. She allows such a motherly softness into her voice that Castiel is almost fooled. “You’re young. And you have so much responsibility on your shoulders. All I’m asking is that you trust my judgment, and all the years I’ve—”
“Okay, girls,” Jody intercedes.
.” His thoughts are interrupted with other things. Sam. A house they’re sharing, for now. Working on the Impala. How good it would be to have Jack there with them. Smiling Jack. Like a son. “
“I have to change the oil in the Impala,” Dean explains as Sam’s pulling on a pair of shoes. “And check out that whining noise I keep hearing in the engine. Plus I’ve been meaning to rotate the tires.”
“Tough talk from a grave desecrator,” Eileen says, eyes dark with mirth. She leans the baby against her stomach to be able to sign. The baby blinks, eyes trying to follow his mother’s hands. “And what, a witch? A demon blood addict?”
The joy around them all is so strong so that it almost drowns out Dean. In the guest room of Sam’s house, Dean is staring at the full moon, still high in the sunrise sky. He watches it fade away. An emptiness in his gut festers, eating away at him. For all that he wants to be happy for Sam. Who found love and built this house and a family. Who had everything. Dean stares at the moon in a brand new Paradise. For all that the world is new he wonders why old things still haunt him. He wonders if he’ll ever be free of them. Free to have things he wants. And his thoughts stray to things he’s lost. Teaching Jack to drive and fish. Piling into a diner booth and ordering cheeseburgers with Sam and Cas. Shooting practice with Claire. Hiding the guns from Jody. Hiding the guns from Cas.
“Are you— ” Castiel hesitates, unsure of what exactly he wants to ask. He has stood where Jack has stood before, or a dozen places like it. On a ledge above a cliff, with every chance to fly and every possibility of plummeting. And at every turn Cas had fallen. For now, Jack is solid and here, two feet on some kind of ground. But Cas wonders for how much longer. It's so, so easy to fall. And for a moment a memory of the Empty, and the weight of despair, threads through his heart. “Are you okay?”
“I don’t know if he can do it,” Cas admits. “I want to have faith in him, but with so much power at his disposal, I just—” His voice tapers off as he searches for words. Jack is aging the cacao beans before his eyes, still sprouting new pods from the branches above his head. “I know how easy it is to think you can handle power. And every time, I was always wrong.”
“It was Eileen’s idea,” Sam says, picking the photo up off its place on a table. There isn’t a speck of dust on it. Up close, the kid looks like Sam, his hair swinging around his ears and his jaw square and sharp in the same way. But he has Eileen’s nose, and the way her brows furrow. He smiles just like Sam, with his whole face. “But yeah, we did.”
Before he heads back to Paradise, Cas stops by a video store. It’s closed for the night, and he doesn’t have any money anyway, so Cas just pops in and out. Walkmans are rare these days, but this one is in decent condition. The plastic is faded and scuffed. The headphones have been replaced several times over. It’s lived a life. And Cas is taking it to Paradise.
When they leave, Amara looks glad to be back in the open air, the wind dragging at her hair like it’s trying to pull her away into the universe. Jack and Kelly wander around the Garden. They drift off from here and there, distracted by the look of the flowers in the dusk, but they always come back to each other.
“Even a couple hundred angels would have the power—”
Dean snorted. He put the beer bottle to his mouth — in Paradise he still drank like he’d never tasted anything as cool. The condensation twinkled on the outside of the bottle. His Adam’s apple bobbed like driftwood caught in the waves on a beach, and Cas could not peel his eyes away.
“Jack,” Dean says one afternoon, turning his face out to the world. Somehow it’s just occurred to Dean that Jack might be able to hear him.
And there, in front of Castiel, stands his son.
“There’s a space down the road,” Dean says. “Between my parents’ place and Bobby’s, right on the river. I was thinking of setting up there, if I can figure out how. It’s just an empty lot right now, but if I can get ahold of materials and build myself a house, then why not? This place—” He looks around at the photographs, at the fancy coffee machine and the lemonade and the windows that open on hinges that don’t squeak. “This place fits Sam a lot better than it fits me.”
Cas still wonders if it was real, and he has no way of knowing. Maybe just imagining it was enough. It had all happened so quickly after that, and the Empty had swallowed him with such insidious glee that nothing else had mattered. Maybe this has all just been a dream. The last twelve years, all of it. Maybe he’ll wake up any moment surrounded by his old garrison, and never have to feel this yawning feeling in his chest again.
“I never got to see Heaven when it was working right,” Jack continues, looking around at the white and blinding world. Thoughts churn behind his eyes. “But I have memories, I think, of how it worked. Like Chuck’s blueprints. I want to change it.”
“You . . . absorbed his power?”
Dean’s prayer is faint at first, and Cas almost doesn’t hear it. It’s Dean turning and walking and walking. It’s not even properly directed at Cas. But whenever Dean feels alone his thoughts always stray back to Cas. It’s raining in his corner of Paradise, and the wind is picking up.
When all the food is set on the table and everybody has a glass of champagne in hand, they turn to each other.
Tell Cas what?
“Thank you all,” he says. The angels nod, and there’s an understanding.
Dean thinks about that. He opens another beer for himself. Bottle caps collect like a little mountain in the middle of the table, and Dean’s head is light and floating with drink. The beer tastes like researching cases in motel rooms, Cas flitting in and out as he pleases. Days that were behind them, and behind Sam. The family business, generations of hunting Campbells and Winchesters, over.
“I can hear him,” Jack tells Cas one day, talking about Dean. Jack’s looking out at the sky, weighing souls as he speaks, and his eyes bely his inattention. “He’s praying to me.”
With Jack distracted, Kelly approaches Cas. She’s got a sweater wrapped around her. The Garden is cooling as some semblance of a harvestime passes through it. Her presence is comforting, like a kindred spirit. The only other person whose presence had been so reassuring to Cas was Charlie. And maybe Meg at one point. That was so, so long ago.
Sam yanks back the carpet, checking every line on the devil’s trap. He checks that every hex bag is in place beneath the crib, checks the window is locked and that nothing’s come in. He runs his hands across every warding mark on the doorway. Everything is whole and safe. Every enchantment and protection they can think of is still there. Still whole. Baby Dean is safe.
There’s a purpose in his eyes that Castiel is all too familiar with.
He passes the room where Billie had cornered them. The door is still broken, still marked with a faded sigil in Cas’s own dried blood. Beyond the doorway is the open space, lit up by a devil’s trap, where the Empty had come for him. Where he had summoned the Empty. The room looks bigger than he remembers it. At the time it had felt like the walls were closing in around them. Like the world had slowed down. He remembers watching Dean, the tiny shifting of his lips, his eyes, the movements that might be imperceptible to anybody else. Cas staring like he had an eternity to drink the sight of him in. In all this time, he’s never gotten tired of looking at Dean.
One by one, they pull souls from Hell. Among the first had been Ellen and Jo Harvelle. Their souls were accented with whiskey and shotgun shells, singed with hellfire. It had been good to see them again. Friends from different days. Jack had seen them safely to the hills of Paradise, and days later Cas had heard the faintest of Dean’s prayers: drinking whiskey like mother’s milk and half-turning to find Cas wasn’t there. Cas was gone.
Cas doesn’t respond.
“Some were killed,” Olga explained. “Others tore out their own grace and fell to Earth to be human again. The five of us,” she looks at her comrades, still barely newborn. “We’re the last angels in Heaven.” She looks at Jack. The kind of gaze only angels have— the pure conviction of faith. “We want to help you build Paradise. However we can help, we’ll do it.”
“I’ll make sure the angels are on the lookout,” Cas promises. “Whatever it is, if we can hear it coming we’ll know to be ready.”
“Hey,” Dean said later, when he and Cas stood on the back porch. They had sought a little respite from the crowd. “What do you think we have ahead of us?” Dean asked. The house was getting hazy in the heat, warping the music, and the sound of the crowd, into some blurred American incantation. “All this?” He put up his hands. “It’s great. Really, all of it is great. But I just gotta know.”
“This is Uncle Dean’s music,” Sam murmurs to his son, who’s got his fist firmly wrapped in the fabric of his father’s sweater. Sam looks down on him, and they meet eyes. Sam’s mottled hazel eyes, struck through with Eileen’s warm brown. They look a different color in every light, but they’re never threaded through with Dean’s vivid green. “He loved Led Zeppelin, didn’t he? That’s right. You hear that?” He sways, bobbing the baby up and down as the opening wail fades out and the words fade in. The shadow of a love song, all chilling rhythm. This is the first song on Cas’s cassette tape. Sam plants a kiss on his son’s head and murmurs along. It’s hardly a lullaby. But there’s Dean in it. “
* * *
“I said I haven’t seen Jess anywhere,” Dean repeats. “Your girlfriend? From college?”
“You good there, Eileen?” Dean asks, when he realizes that from her spot curled up against him Eileen can’t read Sam’s lips to keep up.
On the table in the library, where they sat together so many times over the years, are a series of scratches. The letters
“What?” he asks.
, Dean thinks, flinging the thought out half wallowing and half asking. Everything that he passed up on. Everything he turned down and turned away.
shape. Live long and prosper. Her smile’s broad in her face like it always is, and her hair bobs around her cheeks in the spring— summer?— breeze. “What’s up?”
“You really don’t—”
“Dean made that for Cas,” Sam says, coming up behind her.
“Merry Christmas!” Jody exclaims, beaming.
Sam’s pulled away— Donna’s arrived, pulling the Apocalypse World Bobby and Charlie after her. Charlie’s got her girlfriend by her side, and they greet Claire and Kaia with a familiarity only kindred spirits understand. A few moments later, Garth arrives with Bess and the twins in tow. They smile and wave. They know every face here. Each new person to arrive adds a dish to the ever-growing stack in the kitchen. Sam hands the baby off to Eileen and goes to pull the roast out of the oven. Alex passes out glasses and Jody pops the champagne.
“Sammy!” Dean yells, putting a little urgency in his voice. “Sam, get out here!”
“Hey, sweetie,” Eileen croons, the words barely a breath. She slows her signs down, looking the baby in the eye as she does. “Merry Christmas.” The baby gurgles, reaching for her, and Eileen takes him from Sam with a chuckle.
Jack is churning the cocoa powder in with butter and milk and sugar— turning it into proper melt-in-your-mouth chocolate. The kind of chocolate that always made Cas grateful to be on Earth. Jack’s chocolate is a swaying, melted blob hanging in the air, churning without a bowl or a whisk or spoon. Leaves fly off the tree branches, and the willow tree waves. Nothing touches the chocolate.
So Sam tells him everything. They sit, and drink whiskey that tastes like Bobby’s house, and when they get hungry they wander into the kitchen and stand around talking while Dean makes burgers that melt in their mouths like the ones they always made in the bunker the morning after a case. And when the sun comes up they realize it’s rained on and off throughout the night. The air smells like clean dust kicked up by the Impala’s wheels as they tear across Kansas. Fresh air after spending the night in a motel.
For a moment he’s sure he must be reliving another memory. He’s standing at an intersection between two white hallways. Everything shines with sanctity here. The same Heaven he used to serve, emptier than it’s ever been before. Its very foundations threaded through with laws and violence. Up and down the hallways are closed doors, labeled with names. Individual heavens, hand-crafted and sealed by long-dead angels.
built this for us.”
Cas holds his breath. When he speaks,the words are stuck in his throat. He has to fight to bring them to his lips. They fall like beatitudes.
“I assumed the name ‘Michael’ was taken,” a sandy-haired angel quips in the back.
“Okay,” Jack says, taking a deep breath. “Hang on.”
The lemonade pitcher nearly flips in Dean’s rush to set it down. He crosses the kitchen and living room in three strides, but a step away from Charlie he freezes. All the air’s gone out of his throat. Charlie’s glowing, more a benediction than a flesh and blood friend.
“You’ve got this,” he had told Olga, going for a jovial tone. “Go get ‘em.” Cas never knows how to talk to Jack’s former-human angels. Olga just blinked at him.
There’s a split second of silence that makes his ears ring. A burst of light.
“Jack,” Cas says. Speaking feels foreign after such long silence. And he isn’t sure whether to be confused or worried or grateful.
What is it about these words that traps them in his throat before he can speak them?
And Cas had. He had pulled Dean out of the deepest inferno of Hell and it had changed him forever. Touching a soul, remaking it and flinging it back into a brighter realm— something about it had rearranged him. And he knew it was Dean. But just in case it was something else, he hesitated. Cas had changed so much in his twelve metamorphic years on Earth. Somebody else could take this one.
“That’s why you have to help us,” Jack insists.
“I love you,” Dean said one night.
“Anyone who’s dead and who would make you happy,” Charlie says. She looks around at the house. The afternoon is swaying outside, shaking the trees so the sunlight dances dappled across the kitchen. “Is it just you two in here?”
Sam stares at Dean’s cassette tape collection.
“I sent her to Earth,” Jack says simply. “Without her grace.” He waves a hand, and a thread of Naomi’s grace appears, hovering in the air. It’s bright blue and pulsing like a heartbeat. Almost alive. “She’ll get to live a full life as a human. She won’t remember being an angel. And she won’t hurt anybody ever again like she hurt you.” He waves Naomi’s grace away and turns his wide eyes up at Castiel. And for all that he burns divine in Cas’s vision, his brow furrows. His voice softens. “That was okay, right?”
“They tell me Cas is giving you a hand,” Dean continues. And he wonders what else he should say. He takes a deep breath. “Just tell him for me,” he says. “Tell him—”
“Samantha?” Eileen asks, grinning. The rain’s plastered her hair against her cheeks, but she’s shining with happiness.
“Will you help me, Cas?” Jack asks.
“We’re half of each other now,” Jack says like it’s that simple. He’s wearing sincerity so plain on his face, his eyes so wide and serious that he looks like Dean. And Cas can understand Amara’s hesitation. Dean has always been a good liar. “Can’t you tell I’m not lying?”
Sam blinks. He freezes halfway through lacing up his shoes.
“Thank you, Jack,” Kelly says, beaming. And she’s in deep, deep love with this place, with having Jack here, with the possibilities of the future. There isn’t a doubt in her mind as to what to do next or where to go with her eternity.
Cas watches, invisible. It’s good to see Dean so loved.
When they’ve finished their food, they set aside their plates and Eileen pushes off the porch to get the swing swaying. Eileen tucks her head against Sam’s chest, his arm wrapped around her. Every word he says rumbles in his chest and makes her smile. It’s a young-lovers’ move, curling into each other like that, but they do it with the familiarity of an old married couple. Eileen’s arm snakes around Sam’s waist like they’ll never be separated again.
“Rowena will want something in return,” he says. “And it’s too much of a risk. Even if Rowena can be trusted, the rest of Hell can’t be. No.” He shakes his head. “I want to do this right. No more bargaining.”
At that, Dean Junior pauses. When he signs again, it’s heavy with guilt, like he’s confessing a crime. Dean has seen the same expression on Sam’s face for decades.
“Why should I help a Winchester?” Amara asks. Her voice is caught between anger and peace, slivers of both fading into each other until Cas can’t tell what exactly she’s feeling. Her eyes are sharp as darts, like she could peel back the layers of his skin and see right through him. “When you were all going to kill me and my brother both?”
Sam opens the door, and Jody is there, surrounded by girlfolk. Like the three kings she and Alex and Patience bear gifts; covered dishes that steam in the December air. Behind them, Claire has a tote bag of wine bottles over one shoulder, and her other arm around Kaia, who bears a bag of wrapped presents.
And in the center of the mantle, above the fireplace, sits an urn— Dean.
And because it’s Jack, Cas can’t say no.
The river is bursting with rain, the water rushing through it like a stampede. Dean stands on the dock and the water’s nearly rushing over the tops of his shoes, but he can’t bring himself to care.
* * *
“What’s he like?” Dean asks. “Does he take after you or Eileen?”
“Look who’s up,” Sam says, signing along with one hand. The baby’s mottled with his and Eileen’s features, a soft array of dark hair capping his head. His hands are the size of walnuts. Once, Cas would have been human enough to surge forward, give in to the urge to coo and smile.
The sun’s coming up, flooding the house with orange light. It streams in like the tide, rustling curtains in a shade of magenta that matched the dark wooden floors and bookshelves.
“Drink with me,” Dean said, sliding a fresh beer Cas’s way as if they did this every weekend.
Bobby gets the guest bedroom. Charlie and Stevie share the futon. Jody and Donna help Eileen with the air mattresses, and claim one for each of them. The rest of them— Alex, Patience, Claire, and Kaia— set up a sardine collection of sleeping bags and pillows and blankets. They mill around, brushing their teeth and still telling stories. When they finally fall asleep, it’s Claire, her arm around Kaia, who starts to snore gently first. Jody smiles like a mother. There’s peace on Earth, and in hunters’ hearts. Nothing can touch them here.
She’s taller than she was before, and she’s cut her hair a little shorter. Her features have finished sharpening, and the jury’s come back with a decision. Claire looks like Jimmy, and looks like Cas. She’s got at least three different knives on her, and a fresh anti-possession tattoo on her rib that still smarts. There’s a twitch in Cas’s fingers, an urge to reach out and heal, but he just clenches his hands in his trenchcoat pockets. He’s never healed a tattoo before and doesn’t know if he’d ruin it. Besides, he reflects. Claire’s been through worse.
“Take care of Jack,” Cas calls to Kelly above the wind. Kelly nods. For a moment, Cas wants to run to Jack instead. But Kelly will take care of him.
Around Castiel, leaves are falling off the trees in the Garden of Plenty. Dean’s prayer is wordless. All Cas can do is feel it.
“And you lied to my face and stabbed me in the back,” Amara says. She holds up a hand to stop him from responding. Blue lights burst around them, and Heaven quakes once more, nearly tossing Castiel to the ground. Amara stands steady, and after a brief wobble so does Jack. Amara’s voice is measured and level. “Why didn’t you kill my brother?”
Somebody knocks at the front door, pulling Cas from his thoughts and Sam from hanging photographs. Cas sighs, and blinks away his melancholy. It’s Dean who’s lost this life, after all. Not Cas. Cas never would have had it.
“No,” Cas says immediately, but the thought sends a vicious chill through him. Worry takes root in his chest. He tries to tell himself that Jack has no way of knowing what Castiel had been like before Dean. No way of knowing what kind of unloving person Cas would be without him. And the idea of forgetting Dean himself, of never again thinking of the lives they’ve lived together— “Jack, how can you ask me that?”
“They’re saying thank you,” Cas said.
Sam looks offended at that, which makes Dean laugh and Eileen turns her face up for a kiss. The cicadas are quiet, battened down during the storm. Dean collects the dirty plates.
“Well, there are monsters there who are people,” Jack reasons. “And when they die, they don’t get a choice of where they go. They all go to Purgatory.”
For a moment Cas wants to be tempted. The possibility of seeing his old garrison again. Seeing Inias and Hester and again, seeing Anna and even Uriel and the others. For all that had passed between them, they were family once. Of course, that was when they were warriors of Heaven. Perfect marble statues without even the knowledge of how to love each other. All this— this sentiment— is just Cas’s too-human heart acting up.
Eileen touches down. There’s a beat. Then another.
“Goodbye, Dean.”
It’s quiet in Paradise. Peaceful even. And Dean drives.
“That’s not the only thing,” Cas ventures. Something tells him she would understand. “Jack isn’t the only reason I’m avoiding seeing Dean.”
It took Dean a long time to start decorating. Sam and Eileen’s house was perfectly curated in the way that they both were; meticulously practical, but slowly overwhelmed by the passage of a life. Over time their perfectly organized books were shuffled around to make room for baskets of children’s toys and stacks of photo albums.
“I don’t, exactly,” Jack says. “But it’s up to them. I told Sam and Dean that Chuck was too hands on. He wanted everything a specific way, and he wanted a role in the story.” He holds his hands up. “I’m hands off. No more strings.” He blinks at Cas. “Like Pinocchio. So whatever happens to them now is up to them. I can’t be a part of it.”
“You should go to him,” Jack says.
When he opens them again, he has to blink. He tastes the wind before his eyes adjust. It tastes, impossibly, like honeysuckle. They’re standing on a cliff overlooking a river. Around them, the world is packed with forest, dense trees that race up and down the hills like a covering of snow. Their branches dance in the wind. The river carves between the cliffs, wearing away at bright white and gray stone like it’s been there a thousand years. Like it’s not newborn and yawning. Shadows churn gleefully in the depths of the river. Above, the sky is wide and endless.
Cas isn’t here.
“Yeah,” Dean says, their grins making him smile, too. “Yeah, she’s cool. Her name’s Eileen. I guess you never met her, but— well, I guess a lot happened you wouldn’t know about.”
, Castiel ruminates in the ruins of Heaven.
Castiel stands over the crib. There’s a baby monitor tucked in the corner, and a mobile hanging over it with a plastic solar system. There’s no way the baby could know that amulets are tucked inside each little planet. The baby is fast asleep. He looks like Sam. He’s hearing, too. But there’s Eileen in the baby’s nose and eyebrows, the shape of her lips. And for all that he’s named for his uncle, he doesn’t look like Dean at all.
Sam looks the same age as he did the last time Cas saw him, holding a brand new baby and still mourning. The reading glasses are gone, but otherwise it could have been yesterday. But he carries time in him, in the weariness of his eyes. He’s dressed in a much younger man’s clothes, layers upon layers. Castiel’s never met another human who wears as many layers as the Winchesters do.
Dean is dead. And he’ll never have all this. Cas looks at Eileen and Sam, lost in bickering about where to hang a family portrait. Nothing but love in their eyes as they fight. Dean could have found this somewhere. A nice girl and a house. A job, something with his hands that pays the bills and puts food on the table. Kids to come home to.
“I guess I’m just always waiting for the other shoe to drop,” Cas says. It sounds like something that Dean would say.
“Is he okay?” Eileen demands, reaching for the baby. Sam hands him over, and Eileen holds him close, her hands running across his soft head, his scrunched little features. He’s screaming, but of course Eileen doesn’t mind. Checking him once, twice over. She tucks him against her chest, swaying him like she’ll never part with him again.
“Is that what this is about?” Naomi asks, turning her glare on Cas. A scoff casts a shadow against her diplomacy, and the smoothness of her voice slips away entirely. Her eyes are sharp with a familiar viciousness. “It always comes back to one wayward angel, doesn’t it?”
A light switch goes on in Cas’s head.
It’s the same kind of love song as sharks hum to each other in the depths. As vultures, clashing with talons outstretched in thin air, screech at each other. A vicious kind of love song that’s all howling wind and the taste of copper pennies and too-harsh sunshine. Castiel can’t explain why he hears it in a Zeppelin song. But it chills him like the song itself is marching down his back. He plays the cassette tape over and over. Maybe he’s coming around to Zeppelin.
ever formal in prayer, for all there’s a desperate pleading in it—
“I don’t know,” Amara says.
Dean wants to drive, so Castiel builds him a highway. He writes the code that keeps the Impala breaking down, keeps bugs away in the summer heat and keeps the river rushing strong. Dean’s Paradise is peace and movement intertwined, but for some reason it’s never enough.
“Like this,” she says, repeating the sign.
Then something in the air changes.
“He’s out,” Dean says, staring. Charlie’s in a graphic tee and flannel, in worn jeans and boots. Her hair’s longer than it was when he last saw her, dead in a bathtub with a hole in her gut because of them. There isn’t a mark on her. Like a vision or a dream, she’s whole again. “He said he had somebody to see. But come in. We’ve got lemonade and beers, and snacks if you’re hungry.”
Clouds race to gather above the Garden of Plenty, and Cas looks at Jack. His eyes are far away, lost to things beyond Cas’s understanding. He can hear Dean’s prayer. Dean’s thoughts cast out to the Almighty. And to Cas.
“Nothing that can’t wait,” Kelly counters.
They retrieve hundreds, then thousands of souls from around Earth, and from Hell. The Garden of Plenty dances with light, souls flashing through the sky like shooting stars and rushing through the Garden like leaves caught in a current. Jack watches them.
“One,” Sam says.
Cas considers doing the same to Eileen, carving runes into her ribs to keep them all doubly safe. But he doesn’t. Aside from the panic it would cause them, it’s just different. Eileen can take care of herself, and she and Sam can take care of each other. But keeping their son safe— this is something Cas can offer them. One last thing he can do for them. One prayer he can answer.
“We thought it was the only way to stop Chuck,” Jack insists. “We were wrong.”
Jack has moved on to roasting the cacao beans in midair, the beans crisping before their eyes, and then grinding them to a fine powder, like the dust beneath the Impala’s wheels. The smell of bitter chocolate fills the Garden of Plenty. Like a chocolate shop outside Chicago, or a bakery in Phoenix, or a dozen other places across the country. Like the bunker the first time Jack had tried to make chocolate chip cookies. The breeze catches the smell and whirls it around them, and the smell dances with the sight of souls arriving in Paradise. And for all that his back is turned, Cas can recognize a quiet happiness in Jack’s shoulders. The letting go of a tension he’s been holding.
* * *
“Maybe I’m just waiting for the other shoe to drop,” Dean says. “Since it always does.”
“What are you getting at, Dean?” Sam demands. “What do you care about Jess, of all people?”
He looks at Olga, who shakes her head. Around them, Heaven trembles again.
“Did you keep hunting?” he asks.
Lives lost and tormented beneath his hands. Wounds that failed to be healed. People, angels and humans, who died with his name on their lips. Massacres unretractable. Dean looking back over his shoulder at Castiel’s betrayal. Walking into a lake and letting horrors lose on the world. Dean’s bloodied face beneath his fists.
“When?” Jack asks. He’s softer now, asking like he’s worried. He looks like Dean when he’s worried. His brow furrows, blurring the line between caring and scolding. “When are you gonna go see him?”
Dean blinks.
There’s still something on the horizon. Amara can sense it. But none of them can quite reach whatever it might be. There might be a new Death woken up somewhere. Maybe Paradise’s birth has done something to Hell, or Rowena isn’t taking kindly to the souls Jack’s angels are snatching up. Whatever it is, it’s in the distance. But for now, nothing can reach into the Paradise they’ve built. And there’s plenty of work to keep them busy here.
He has no way to find Sam, not without calling him or somebody— Bobby or Jody or somebody— on the phone. That would send up flags that he’s back, and Cas doesn’t know if he is back, exactly. He isn’t sure. If Sam prayed to him, Cas might be able to find him. But Sam thinks Cas is dead. And for all that Jack has given him his wings back, and the full power of Paradise, he could never override the warding he had carved into Sam’s ribs.
Around them, Heaven quakes and roils. Behind Olga the angel Myrtle stumbles and thuds to the ground. Her brothers help her to her feet again. Heaven is collapsing. The shadows of the warehouse are fading, along with the lines that make up columns and ceilings and corners.
There’s a house here, north of the Roadhouse and nestled in between the trees. It has a front porch and an empty space in the driveway. In the front yard there’s a tree with a swing hanging from it. The windows are all wide open. When they finally stop driving, when the endless road slows to an end, it’s there. Sam gets out of the Impala, staring.
* * *
“Close your eyes!” Amara warns, and Cas obeys.
“Do you think she’ll listen?”
“I don’t really know what that means yet,” Jack admits. And he still talks the same way as he always has, like the words are new in his mouth and too precious to be mispronounced. Every sentence a precise, articulated thing. “But I know I want to do it differently. And I want to start here.” He gestures around at him at the crumbling halls.
“No,” Jack says flatly.
“Don’t apologize,” Sam insists. “I’m so happy to see you, Dean.”
“But we’re not just getting rid of it,” Jack insists. And for all the echo of sanctity in his voice he’s still Jack. Just a child with a dream, cursed with the power to make it real. “I’m replacing it with Paradise.”
He has lived through so much sadness, he thinks faintly as he drifts through the memories of it all. Naomi stands over him, bearer of pain and suppression. What a privilege, he thinks, to have lived through such a life. He looks out at the warehouse, littered with bodies in Dean’s likeness. Their faces bloodied, their eyes burned out and mouths open in pleading. What a privilege for such memories to hurt him so. He wonders if his brothers and sisters, marble statues in a gallery, hurt so much. Probably not, he thinks as darkness blooms where Raphael once stood, where Samandriel and Duma and Rachel once stood. Friends and foe alike swallowed by the Empty. Each of their last moments corrupted by fear and horror and pain.
He closes his eyes and centers his focus. He would never have been able to do this before. But no matter how far he strays from Paradise, he can feel it pulsing at his back. He breathes in deep. Tunes in to the specific pull of an almost-foreign soul: one Eileen Leahy.
It was dark outside. Rain might fall tonight or tomorrow. Somewhere down a little path through the brush was a dock. In the morning, the sun would rise there over the water. When the sun rose in the morning here, it was easy. On Earth, Cas could sense every force — the gravity of the Sun and Moon, the turning of the planet. The very passage of time weighed heavy on his senses. But here in Paradise, the sun rose smooth and easy as water over a riverbed. No longer a series of literal bodies, this world was something different—something between an illusion and a deeper, truer truth than has ever been told.
“I missed you, too,” Charlie says. She looks around. “Where’s Sam? Don’t tell me he’s hiding from me.”
Eileen shakes her head.
“Then how come everybody isn’t everywhere,” Dean asks. “Like, I know Sam would love to see you, so why isn’t he here with us? Why haven’t I run into anybody but Sam and Bobby? I had to go hunting for Ellen and Jo at the Roadhouse, and we haven’t even seen our parents yet.”
Like the very thought had conjured him, the door flung open. It smacked against the wall with a satisfying whack. Dean strode through, a tension locking his jaw together like a bear trap.
“Heaven’s role is to protect and maintain the balance of this world,” Naomi ventures. “To act on behalf of God and His creations. This plan—”
“I brought you back.”
“Not yours?”
“I think we’ll be happy,” Cas said. He smiled at Dean, then tilted his head and smiled about something further off than Dean or Paradise or the limits of this little universe.
. Claire plugs it into the machine and hits play. The guitar comes in loud, making everybody turn their heads. Immigrant Song. Kaia smiles, and Claire slips away, laughing, to pull her in by the waist and plant a kiss on her cheek. They giggle into each other.
, Cas thinks. She deserves Paradise.
“You’ve come a long way, Castiel,” Naomi says, turning her gaze from Jack to her one-time inferior. Naomi used to be good at holding that steady gaze, the kind of look that could entice and implore and demand in succession. Naomi’s has been tempered by time and tragedy. It makes her look a little more human.
Then they’re running towards each other, Sam and Eileen down the porch steps and the kid across the yard. In the brief second before he throws himself at his father, Dean reflects that the kid smiles just like Sam. Sam catches the kid, wrapping Eileen into a hug like they’re magnets drawn together by forces of nature. Eileen runs her hands through her son’s hair. After only a few moments in the rain, it’s already soaked, but none of them seem to even feel the cold. Dean Junior is only an inch or two shorter than his dad, but his shoulders shake in his father’s arms.
The river’s running fast today, stumbling over the rocks in a rush to get somewhere. If Dean followed the river for a hundred days and nights, where would it take him? Would he meet anybody along the way? Or just wander in a circle until he stumbled onto Bobby’s place, or the Roadhouse, or Charlie’s lair? “Hey, kid,” Dean offers, which is maybe not the best way to open a prayer. But he hopes Jack won’t mind. “I heard that you’re running the Matrix now.” He tosses a rock into the river. “I hear you built this whole place from scratch.”
“Then say it.”
Standing in a new Paradise, Jack looks around like he’s forgotten something. His eyes land on Castiel and he smiles. He raises a hand.
“It seems we both have,” Cas agrees.
“Jack?” Kelly calls, cutting them off. Jack looks over. Kelly has heaped several pumpkins at the edge of the clearing, and carries a basket brimming with pecans. She carries herself like a mother, diplomatic in her intercession. “Could you give me a hand? I want to make a chocolate pecan pie as well, but I’m having trouble getting enough chocolate.”
Dean likes to sleep in the Impala when the nights are nice, and in Paradise most of them are. There’s nothing here that can hurt him, not anymore. Not even a mosquito. So he rolls the windows down and leans out across the front seat— the backseat was always Sam’s— and watches the sky through the windshield.
“Bobby told me,” Sam says, looking at the pictures instead of Dean. He’s got a look like he’s holding a breath back. Dean’s always been able to tell when Sam’s keeping something from him. But there’s always been something Sam won’t say about Cas. “Have you seen him around?”
“Out of hell?” Dean asks.
That makes Castiel blink.
Amara lifts a hand. For a moment nothing changes. Then a single flash of light races out of the blinding white and into her palm— a soul, plucked from its individual heaven. It races in through her palm and skitters underneath her skin, lighting up her veins with its glow. A human soul, a pulsing heartbeat that comes to rest in her chest. Then another flash, then another, and a shower of souls until they’re arriving so fast there’s nothing but blinding light. Olga and the others crash into the warehouse again and turn away, their latent humanity on fire at the sight. The souls they’re carrying are hauled out of their bodies and they stumble with the whiplash. It’s less than a few seconds, maybe, before the blinding light fades and it’s just Amara, lit up with the brightness of every star in the universe.
Naomi is right. Around them, Castiel can feel Heaven breaking up. It’s on borrowed time, but it’s not just that. Ever since the Fall stripped every angel of their wings, their power has been weakened. Once they might have done it alone, just the seven of them and even with Heaven in the condition it’s in. Now, because of Castiel, it’s impossible.
“Get over here, boys,” Ellen says, dragging them both to the bar. She pumps them full of a healthy sampling of whiskey— it tastes like the Roadhouse’s floorboards, and old days when they thought it was their last night on Earth. Jo outpaces them both— before long Dean’s head is spinning, and Sam’s cheeks have gone bright red. But when Dean leans back and nearly tumbles off the bar stool Jo barks out a laugh at him, throwing her head back. Ellen and Sam crack up, hauling him back onto the stool, and the world glows around them like something divine. Something angelic.
“It’s all you’ve done your whole life,” Kelly reasons. “But it might be time to let that go.” She takes a deep breath. “Castiel, I owe you more than I can ever repay you.
It’s meant to be a challenge or a curse, maybe. And Cas expects to feel some remaining guilt or fear, some shock of self-hatred or guilt, but it doesn’t come. Naomi is only a ghost from his past. There’s nothing she can do to him anymore.
Around them, the warehouse is blurring into an empty white landscape, the columns disappearing. The rest of the angels seem to shine brighter in Naomi’s absence, and one of them steps forward. She’s the angel who suggested using unclaimed souls for power.
“It can wait,” Cas says, brushing the question off. “There’s work to do here.”
* * *
Amara is still here, helping them expand the reach of Paradise and connect all the pieces. They need more room for every soul that’s added. And when she’s here, things are better. Jack seems more focused, more balanced. She’s a good aunt, Cas thinks, though he watches her carefully. She teaches Jack to do things, to invent and create and direct. Jack sends a storm to end a drought, and lights up the northern lights particularly bright one winter. He brings good weather to a wedding. He saves a child who would have been born dead. He heals a mother who would have died giving birth. Then he stops, and Cas can tell he’s wrestling with it. With what kind of God he wants to be. How many fingers he wants to stick into pies.
“You know he’ll be fine here,” Kelly tells Cas. “If you ever do want to leave, just for a little while. He has the angels and Amara to help him.”
It means that Dean is dead.
Dean grumbled through his first six months in Paradise. Cas would have thought he had never been tortured in Hell or lost in Purgatory or pursued by Heaven or done battle with God. In form true to an odyssean hero, he went about muttering complaints to whomever might eavesdrop.
The slightest shift tenses Dean’s shoulders.
“I’ve heard the same before,” Amara says. “From you, from Chuck, from
“Castiel,” she orders. “Look at our son.” And Cas does.
Jack’s carrying his power well these days. Paradise is tuned in to his every thought and need, and he moves through it like he was born to it. He gets better at judging souls, learns not to blink when he casts them down.
Kelly Kline holds her son and the world is new again.
“What is so rotten in you,
The prayers are like letters from home, especially as Sam’s prayers— more reminiscing than praying— fade over time. Little Dean Junior doesn’t yet know it’s useless to pray to dead things.
“I wouldn’t just let them all in,” Jack says. “And I haven’t decided yet. But they could be judged like everybody else is.”
“Hello, Amara,” Jack says.
“I like this one,” Eileen suggests.
“So, what?” Dean asks. “You’re okay with just never seeing her again?”
Amara thinks it over.
“What?” Kelly asks, no judgment clouding her voice.
“Charlie,” Dean ventures, suddenly terrified. “I’m so sorry—”
Olga leads the angels. She’s a good leader. She’s the shortest of the angels, and has none of Mike’s bravado or Iris’s quiet peace. She reminds Cas of Naomi, the version of Naomi that had always managed to calm and reassure. And she’s loyal. True, with a good heart. She had offered Cas the chance to lead them in pulling souls from Hell.
And then Dean wants to kick himself, and tosses that thought up like a prayer as well. It’s his own fault, his own fault that he’s here alone, with nothing to show for it. His own fault that all his life nobody loved him enough not to leave him.
Sunlight comes down, rich and syrupy with joy. Cas turns his face to the sky and out of the corner of his eye he can see Amara doing the same, smiling. Wonder blooms on her face. Somewhere, Jack’s angels are laughing. The humanity in them has gone giddy.
, she prays.
Something about Dean’s prayer makes Cas pause the mixtape. He slips the headphones off. The air is humming with humidity. Dean feels a yawning grief. Sam is happy, Cas realizes. Sam is brimming with love and happiness. His son has arrived in Paradise. His family is whole again. And it’s a punch to Dean’s gut.
“I don’t know if it was the right choice,” Jack tells Castiel as they watch the boys climb into the Impala and roll all the windows down. The Impala purrs. Cas thinks about all the times Dean talked to it like it was alive, running a hand along the car’s length and smiling.
“They’re okay,” Jack confirms. “I told you, they’re alive. They’re on Earth.”
he’d chirp, messing with the tape deck.
“Amara,” he realizes. “What about Amara?”
“I think so,” Jack says, and sort of looks down at himself. And despite the change he looks the same as he always has. His shoulders are square and stiff, like he doesn’t quite know how to use them. Whatever precipice he’s standing on, the wind hasn’t yet arrived to ruffle his feathers.
Eileen runs in, a robe open over her pajamas. She switches on the light and both of them squint away the glare.
Paradise is new. There is no remnant of the old that came before. And in the sky, the broad noon o’clock sky, hang a couple stars— the last fragments of Heaven. One by one, they wink out. And the last one seems to wave before it goes.
Cas smiled at that.
Heaven decays like a rotting log around them and every angel Castiel has ever known is gone. Naomi was the last of them. A former tormentor and a sometimes-friend. Heaven’s leader when it had needed her, when it was still brimming with power and angels. She had been good in her own way, Cas lets himself think. And here, surrounded by Heaven even as it’s slowly ceasing to exist, Cas remembers how hard it is to ask an angel to be anything but what they are.
“Because it will make you happy,” Castiel said. The fireflies were beginning to come out. They winked in the darkest spots between the trees. “They want you to be happy.”
“Yeah, Samantha and Eileen,” Dean Junior laughs. He’s a bright, happy kid, Dean realizes. And it’s foreign to him. A hunter, laughing with his whole chest the same way Sam does. Laughing like the life isn’t a burden or a curse. “Dad, they’re so beautiful. And they’re grown up now, and Samantha just had a baby of her own.” He retrieves his wallet with fumbling fingers and pulls out a photo. “See, that’s Samantha and that’s Eileen right there— ”
It’s hard work— scouring Earth for the echo of a soul, pulling it from whatever hole it’s found itself in. Those fallen from Heaven, those lost and wandering when Chuck opened Hell. And in between them all, the misplaced. The ones who have found themselves in Hell when they should be topside, in Paradise. The ones who deserved better. Like Dean deserved better. Jack sends them after those as well.
And they would have to talk.
And just like that, Castiel has betrayed Heaven for the last time.
And beneath the words, there it is. The wordless ask. Dean doesn’t say it. But Cas hears it.
“Sam is dying,” Jack informs Cas. Sam is in his eighties. “Dean will meet him.”
“All I have ever done has been for the good of Heaven,” Naomi insists.
“Castiel, you never know what will happen when you choose to care about people,” she says. “You should know that more than anyone.”
“Cas,” Kelly calls, and her eyes are sharp. Her voice comes like an order. She has to shout it above the wind that’s picking up, tearing through the trees. Around them, the Garden darkens. Clouds start to block out the sun. “Cas, go.”
“Even if it makes you miserable?” Jack demands.
“You look good, kiddo,” Ellen says, her hands on Sam’s face and ruffling through his hair, sentimental in death like she never was in life. “All grown up, huh?”
Sam does it again, and Eileen beams.
“Heaven was never perfect,” Naomi concedes. The perfect administrator— explaining away an oil spill or a power plant outage or a nuclear meltdown with a level head and a steady hand. “The last God left us to run Heaven without any orders or direction. We’ve made mistakes—”
“My happiness doesn’t matter. It’s not my Paradise.”
She prays to him on Christmases and birthdays, on the morning and evening of her wedding day. Claire talks to him, but never asks him to go to her. She knows he’s dead. As time passes, she prays less, but the longing remains. Cas tells himself he’ll go see her soon. There are things still too unsettled in Paradise. And as long as she keeps praying he knows she’s okay.
“Hey, no cursing,” Jody accuses. “There’s a baby here.”
“No,” Dean says. “I want to hear it.”
“It’s everyone’s Paradise—”
“What’s going on?” Eileen demands.
Then Sam’s heart bursts with such emotion that it becomes a prayer. It rushes through the Garden, rustling the leaves of every tree and settling into Jack and Cas’s hearts. They look at each other, and smile. Sam has wrapped his arms around Eileen. Eileen’s own heart is racing. They have had so much time together. And they get to have the rest of time.
“You’ve made more than that,” Cas says.
They need to be moved. At its core, it’s what Cas did for Dean. Ferry a soul through the vacuum between realms. But Cas was stronger then. Heaven was stronger. Now Cas could hold some souls, maybe a hundred at most. Nowhere near enough. Their only options are the six angels standing before them. The last warriors of Heaven.
— ever formal, like Sam used to be.
“What to do about the souls,” Olga agrees.
“I dunno, man,” Dean says. “I’m just trying to learn the rules of this place. You can’t see people unless you want to, so you only see people who are important to you. But only important to you when you died, is that it?”
“We have work to do,” Castiel says.
“What is it?” Cas asks.
the car hit it.”
There’s art on every wall, and photos. Dozens of photos— Sam and Eileen, their wedding, Eileen beaming and pregnant, Sam in sweatpants in a hospital room holding a tiny baby in his enormous hands. Then family photos, the three of them with the baby on Sam’s shoulders and in Eileen’s lap and signing to each other at the dinner table. Smiles like sunbeams. A grown kid with dark hair, grinning and holding up a diploma— it reads
And Dean is standing there, looking out at it all. Soaked to the bone. He’s wearing his jacket, the one with Cas’s bloody handprint across his shoulder. He had probably put it on that morning without even thinking about it. The rain hasn’t so much as smeared it.
* * *
“I’m so, so happy to see you,” Sam murmurs into his hair. His son has dark hair— Eileen’s hair, but he wears it like Sam’s.
Jack offers Cas the chocolate, and Cas snaps off a piece. It tastes like heaven.
“Are you gonna say anything?” Jack asks. He’s invisible to Dean, too.
Kelly purses her lips to suffocate a smile.
There are six angels left in Heaven. Five of them are angels Jack created at Duma’s behest. It seems a lifetime ago, as it all does. The sixth angel is Naomi, stern and white-haired. She stares at Jack, and his radiance shines right through her. If Cas focuses just right, he can see where she’s been snapped in half and stitched back together, held together by the grace of Heaven. Naomi has been through a lot. She doesn’t look too happy to see Jack, but she doesn’t say anything. Jack is God now, and the ruler of Heaven. And Naomi, for all her many, many faults, has always been loyal to Heaven.
“We need your help,” Castiel says. “With you, we can do it easily.”
Jack raises his hand. The air hums. Naomi’s eyes widen.
“I thought I heard somebody,” Sam explains, sleep-fogged and trying to sign with one hand. “Over the baby monitor. Before Dean started crying, I thought I heard a voice.”
“Okay,” he offered, tossing the rag Cas’s way. The kitchen glowed in the morning-afternoon-evening sun, and Dean watched Cas dab turn the rag over in his hands. “That’s my bad.”
Dean shakes his head. “The only place I really had was the bunker, but I guess it never made itself up here. I’m looking for another option.”
“Higher,” she orders from her seat on the couch, left breast stuck in the baby’s mouth. Sam is trying to hand a photograph high above the mantle, on either side of a mirror. The mirror’s wrapped in mistletoe and wreaths that make Sam wrinkle his nose as he hangs the picture frame. Eileen shakes her head and points. “Sam. Sam, look at where I’m pointing. Higher, right there.”
When the light comes, it’s such a shock that Castiel can hardly blink. He’s standing outside on a cool and cloudy night, watching his brothers and sisters, the forces of Heaven, fall to Earth. In his head, angel radio reverberates with their screams. Then it stops.
“You could have. It would have been very easy.”
“Jack,” Cas warns, but Jack ignores him.
“Hell isn’t happy,” Olga reports. They’ve upped their fighting back. Cas wonders what Rowena’s thinking. But though Hell’s pushing back, and the angels have to slow down, they still get all the souls out. So there isn’t much to do except keep going.
“Hey, Dean,” Charlie says, and almost in reflex her hand pops up, fingers in their telltale
“I don’t know everything, angel,” Amara says. “Whatever it is, it isn’t here yet. But it’s out there.”
The sun is high in the sky, shining for the sake of a beautiful day. Kelly is standing at the peak of the hill. She’s whole and dressed in white. She’s smiling broader than anybody has ever smiled before. Clouds, white as pearls and shining, race above.
“Hey, Jody,” Sam greets, enveloping her in a hug. He ushers them all in and they stomp the snow out of their boots. Cas is impressed they’ve braved the drive from Sioux Falls. The way Dean talks, winter drives in the Midwest are riskier than any hunt they’ve ever been on. The way Dean used to talk.
“Don’t get me wrong,” Dean says. He’s standing on a dock jutting out onto the swollen river. Greenery’s bursting from every inch of the riverbank, and he can see stones in every bright quartz color at the bottom of the water. The current’s rushing so fast that it picks up stones here and there and carries them along like petals on the wind. “I’m glad it’s you,” Dean continues. “You’re gonna do a bang up job. You’ve got a good head on your shoulders. And I know this is what everything was leading up to for you. I just— ”
“Maybe you wanted to be alone for a little,” Charlie says. The kettle clicks off, boiled up faster than any kettle Dean had seen on Earth. Charlie pours the hot water into the mugs, steam rising in tendrils. “Or others did. It’s Paradise for everybody, so everybody has to be happy.” She shrugs, and nearly spills the hot water. “Probably Sam really wanted to see somebody else right now. So we’ll run into each other another time.”
The three of them crowd around the photo like pilgrims to a shrine. The rain comes down hard. The water weighs their clothes down heavy, the chill biting at their skin, but they hold each other up in the warmth of their embrace. There’s never been a warmer rainy night than this one, with the world all threaded through with joy.
* * *
“Jack, what—”
“Like what?”
“It’s okay,” Claire says. “I don’t have a cassette player anyway.” She sets it back in its place in the collection. “It’s better that it stays here, anyway. Just in case.”
“She’ll be fine, kid,” Amara says, and at that she softens a little. She lets a shadow of a smile tug at the corner of her mouth. She’s all shadow, but she’s got family, after all. “I’ll take care of her.”
* * *
A pair of wings, strong and new, sprout from his back. In his chest, his grace is whole again.
* * *
The map table is turned off. The alcove with the strange telescope is dark. The kitchen is empty. Somebody, presumably Sam, had made sure to take all the perishable food with him. Pots are scrubbed and tucked away into their places, and every surface was swiped clean sometime before the dust arrived. There isn’t a spare crumb or empty beer can anywhere. It would be just like Sam to clean up well and leave no trace.
The living room is lined with windows. The Christmas tree is fat and round, and the star atop it skims the ceiling. Presents are stacked beneath them in a variety of patterned wrapping paper. There’s a fire in the fireplace. In the next room, the kitchen, he can smell a roast cooking in the oven. There’s a pie waiting on the kitchen table. Cas can sense every piece of warding on the house. It’s warded against ghosts and monsters and demons— but not one warding against an angel.
“It is,” Cas agrees, watching his son.
“Yes, Jack,” Castiel decides. Maybe it’s true what they had said about him so many years ago. Maybe too much heart was always Castiel’s problem. He nods to his son, whose uncertainty falls away from his face. “I think so.”
“It’s Paradise,” Charlie says. “So instead of just reliving memories, things here are real. All the people you loved, they’re really here. Things here are about what make you happy; everything that makes you happy.”
Cas wonders for a moment if he should stay until Christmas morning. A passing car’s headlights shine through the windows and light up the living room. Golden light dances across their faces and not one of them stirs. Everyone Cas cares about here is safe. There’s nothing he can do for them.
Unless, thought Dean. If enough time passed, on and on and on, some kind of end might come to pull Castiel away. Then Dean would get to go find that dark thing—the Empty—and seize it with both hands. And in this possibility, at least, nothing between them would ever change.
Good, Cas thinks. What a shame it would be for such a child to never meet his namesake. As it is, the child has enough of a shadow to grow up in. Cas wonders if Sam will ever stop thinking of his brother when he says his son’s name. He wonders if any of them— Jody and Claire, Bobby and Charlie and Garth, any of them— ever will.
* * *
“Heaven’s role should have been to serve and protect humans,” Jack says. “Instead it got caught up in useless wars and fighting. It’s time for that to stop.”
“Will that make you happy?”
“A ghoul,” Junior confesses. And Dean can see the chill that goes down Sam’s back.
(See the end of the chapter for
“I did
As the Impala pulls away, Dean cranks up the music. It’s a Zeppelin song, the second one on the cassette tape he made Cas:
It takes Dean a while to figure out where to start, but when he does he can’t seem to stop.
“Jack,” Amara interrupts.
The Garden is open, and they all come and go as they please, but Amara’s arrival doesn’t so much as make a sound. She appears at Jack’s side, looking severe as always. For all that she could leave at any time and hasn’t yet, and for all that she’s good with Jack and with Paradise, Cas still isn’t sure what to make of her. She’s all cheekbone hollows and eyebrows like slash wounds. And there’s a weight to her voice this time.
Cas does what he can. He builds Dean’s Paradise, and includes open roads, clear-sky nights, and a river. A broad, open river with a little dock Cas has been on before, in Dean’s dreams.
Cas realizes he forgot the baby monitor.
. Cas, standing in front of him with Billie at his back and the world falling apart around them, taking the time to say—
Throughout the chaos, the living room is full of chatter.
“You okay?” Eileen asks in a discordant whisper.
“Being at the bunker,” Dean says. “Yours?”
Illinois.
Amara releases the souls like an atomic bomb exploding out of her. Even with his eyes closed Cas is blinded by the light. He’s flung backwards, skidding across the cliff. When he finally manages to open his eyes, he catches sight of the last souls escaping her like shooting stars. They burst forth and race across the land. They crash like meteorites. And the world is lit up with life and light. A shining that warms Cas down to his toes.
* * *
“No,” Jack says, and the sliver of harshness that slips into his voice sounds so familiar that Cas is surprised to feel a stab of heartache. He sounds just like Dean before an enemy. Unyielding. “You’ve heard our plan. Yes or no: can you do it?”
(See the end of the chapter for
“They’re fine,” Jack assures him. “They’re safe, they’re on Earth.”
“Eileen,” Sam laughs. He’s talking about somebody he loves with his whole chest, and the air tastes sweeter for the joy he pours into the words. “Definitely Eileen, and thank God. He’s so smart. He’s a professor in North American mythological lore, and he’s—” He shakes his head. “Sorry, I don’t mean—”
“We didn’t stop to check,” Patience explains to Sam and Eileen.
* * *
“I love you, too,” Dean promised.
,” Kelly says, her voice brimming with wonder. “Look at where we are, Castiel, look at everything he’s done. You raised Jack so full of goodness.” She cuts him off before he can say anything. “I’m glad you’re worried about him. That means you love him. But you and Sam and Dean raised him so well. You have to have faith in yourself.”
“And we didn’t,” Castiel says. “You’re alive, and so is Chuck.”
The wedding photo is larger than the other ones, and Eileen retrieves a frame for it from the heap. The photo is perfect. They look at each other, surrounded by greenery. Sam in his suit, and Eileen in her long white gown. She’s beautiful. And Sam looks like he knows it.
“Are you happy now?” Naomi challenges. “After all these years of defiance—” She gestures at the Heaven around them. “And you’re right back where you started.”
Cas can’t see Sam’s son. But now and again he can hear a prayer.
And Cas would have grieved, but Dean would have been happy.
There’s a bellowing in his blood, a drumming that outpaces his heartbeat and runs through every vessel and vein in his body. A power Castiel hasn’t felt since before the Fall, when his wings, inextricably tied to Heaven, had fried and crumbled.
“Heaven drew its power from the angels, from the divine, and from the souls in our care,” Naomi says. And for better or worse there’s a familiarity to her stability. She talks like a college professor speaking lore to children. She had been a good leader, Cas muses, distracted. In her own way. “This plan would take you, the divine, off the board. You’d need all your strength to create Paradise. So without the angels, our only source of power are the souls of heaven themselves.”
“You always leave the windows open?” Dean asks.
“On Earth right now,” Cas reported. He could feel it, the same way he could feel the Earth turn on its axis and the summer begin to peel away into autumn. It was a little lifeline of a heartbeat, strung along a clothesline up to the heavens. “Somebody is thinking about us.”
He drives across Kansas and drives in the horizon until he can’t stand the endless fields, then he’s driving through Colorado mountain roads. He drives all the way to the Canadian border, and though there’s nothing to mark the mountains as any different from the American ones, he gets homesick anyway. He makes a U-turn back towards the Missouri River, and follows it down south until he can swerve back west. Dean doesn’t pass a single town, and the only gas stations are deserted. The air is cleaner than Dean’s ever tasted it. Greenery grows to the edges of every river, and every river’s full to bursting with clear water and fat, round fish. This America is wild without being overrun. It’s devoid without being empty. But there isn’t a person around for miles. Dean can’t tell why. Is this what would make him happy? Nobody around to bother him? To need him?
It’s on a hill, above a river that looks like the Mississippi, that they find themselves. It’s not the Mississippi, not properly. It’s missing the people, the towns and cities and roads, but it curves in the same eternal bending this way and that. Cas has crossed it many times in the Impala, and Dean always pointed it out.
Dean would have put a bullet in between Naomi’s eyes. Or doused her in holy oil and tossed a lighter at her like he had so many times before to so many monsters before her. He would have done it with a satisfaction. One more enemy gone. He would have set Naomi alight and turned to Cas, green eyes full after a job well-done, and said—
The baby stares at them both.
The prayer tears through Cas and terrifies him.
The baby’s eyes fly open and he wails like a siren.
Kelly closes her eyes and prays.
“It’s not quite like that,” Jack explains. “I can’t hear her voice or anything. But I can hear her intentions, sort of. She’s at peace right now. But to do this I’d have to wake her up.”
“I’m not staying here with you because I have to,” Cas says firmly. “I’m staying here because I care about you. And as long as you need me, I’ll be here. Nothing is going to change that.”
. But there’s nothing to do about it now. He turns a face up to the sky. Round, heavy raindrops are starting to fall around the Garden. Each one plummets to the ground like there’s a reward for getting there first— each one bursts when it hits the ground. It’s raining where Dean is. Raining so heavily Cas can almost feel it already.
And Castiel is a fool. After all this time, he’s a fool. He should have gone to Dean the second he arrived in Paradise. The second he was yanked out of the Empty.
Jack thinks about it.
Sam stumbles down the porch steps and across the yard, but when he meets Eileen in the driveway he’s gentle. He sweeps her into his arms, and she fits perfectly into the cradle of his chest. They wrap into each other like they were made to match. Eileen buries her face in Sam’s flannel. Above, the sky is opening like a new wound, bursting with color. And things are new again.
“And now Heaven has to die,” Cas says, adding a little viciousness of his own.
“Soon,” Cas offers. The ripple of Dean’s prayer lingers in his chest. “Soon.”
“I was
Eileen eats like she hasn’t seen food in a hundred years, so Sam’s the one telling stories in the meantime. The rain warbles loud and soft, changing as the clouds shift overhead. Sam tells Dean about his and Eileen’s wedding, about turning the bunker over to Bobby, about Patience and Alex staying with them for a couple months when Eileen was pregnant and they’d just moved into their new house. Sam talks like every friend, every moment in time, is just around the corner.
Cas could show himself, could say a simple word and Dean would turn. Would forget Sam immediately. His mouth might drop. His eyes might widen. Those shining green eyes. Cas could speak to him again. Make a mistake somehow, like he always manages to do, and watch Dean’s mouth twitch at the corner with a little laugh.
His hair is threaded through with a couple strands of gray— just enough to glint in the light of the Christmas tree. He’s wearing a quarter zip sweater, and a pair of reading glasses are pushed up over his head like sunglasses. He looks tired, but happy. He’s holding a round-cheeked baby.
* * *
“I don’t understand,” Jack demands. They’re standing in the Garden. Behind them, the lake is still and clear. Like drinking water. A small path, new but already worn down with use, trails out of the Garden towards a little yellow house. In the window, Kelly is cooking in a kitchen. She’s learning to make Jack’s favorite. Cheeseburgers. But nobody makes them like Dean does. “You can tell how much he misses you. Why haven’t you gone to see him yet?”
Cas thinks.
Jack thinks it over, the way Cas has watched him mull over old questions.
“You had kids?”
you, and for Sam and Dean. I want to build Paradise,” Jack says. And his eyes light up in a pleading. “I want to give them that. I think they’ve earned it.” By all logic Jack should have run out of people to plead to. He’ll never need permission or forgiveness again. But he turns his face up to his father anyway.
“Can we put some goddamn music on, Sam,” Claire suggests.
“I dunno,” Dean says again. Around them, the world’s awake and the wind is tearing through the trees. It’s sunny, without a cloud in the sky to break the glare. And though it’s hot, and the cicadas are screaming in the distance, there doesn’t seem to be a mosquito for miles. “Sammy, do you feel good about this place?”
“There’s nobody you want to visit?” Amara asks him in the Garden, her stenciled eyebrows raised. Cas never knows how to talk to her. She’s a cosmic deity, an only-sometimes ally, and his son’s great-aunt, technically. But more importantly she’s had her lips on Dean’s, where Cas has always wanted to be.
Cas often thinks about Dean’s taste in music, and why he seems to like Led Zeppelin so much. Dean likes loud music that rattles around in the Impala like it’s a pinball machine. Music where the instruments outscream the vocals. Music that at first listen always sounded to Cas like distilled movement and rage.
“Good,” Dean says, looking at the picture. She’s older in it than she was the last time he saw her. She’s got her arms around a little boy smeared in applesauce. Little Dean Junior. There’s a ring on Claire’s hand that twinkles. So she found a nice girl, Dean thinks. Good. They all deserve somebody to be happy with. “It’s good somebody’s keeping an eye on things while we’re up here. And maybe she can keep an eye out for your kid, too.”
Cas topples over, a sudden weight yanking him to the ground.
“I don’t know,” Jack says. “But do we have a better idea?”
“Not really,” Dean said, thudding into his seat and cracking open a beer. It gushed, cold and frothy, and overflowed across the table and down the front of his shirt. Dean snapped a perfectly articulate curse.
“Are you?” Cas asks.
“There—” Behind Naomi, one of the other angels speaks up. She’s a short woman in a gray pantsuit. Like the rest of Jack’s angels, she shines with a garish newness in Heaven’s storied halls. “There are other souls,” she offers.
Dean steps out.
Sam touches Eileen on the shoulder,
,” Dean says, and tries so hard to push the thought of Cas away that it’s all he can think about. Cas’s hand over an open wound, stoppering it up with grace. Cas’s face so quizzical and confused. Cas swallowed by the darkness of the Empty, leaving Dean alone forever. The prayer rings like church bells in his mind until Dean cuts himself off and turns his attention to Jack again. “
“Obviously I brought my own,” Charlie says, grinning. She takes a seat at the kitchen table. She breathes in deep. “What’s yours smell like?”
“Sammy,” Dean blinks. “You named your kid after me?”
“Some things are running on autopilot,” Jack explains. “All the individual heavens are like closed loops. Like cars on racetracks,” he says. “They go around and around on their own, for now.” And there’s the briefest second where Jack’s brow furrows and Cas can tell he’s distracted himself thinking about racecars, hurtling viciously around a track for the sake of speed. Jack has never been to a racetrack, Cas realizes. But when he thinks about it, maybe Cas hasn’t either. Jack blinks back to the conversation. “But they won’t stay that way forever. Without anybody here to keep Heaven running, things are falling apart. Souls are already being turned back to Hell because nobody’s here to take them in and build their heavens.”
“This is your last chance to restore Heaven,” Amara warns, ignoring him. “This place is the manifestation of the divine. It balances out the influences of Hell and Earth and the Empty. You don’t know the chaos you’ll cause if you get rid of it.”
Castiel thinks it over. Olga is right. Only cosmic entities have that kind of power anymore. Billie is dead, and there is no new Death. The Empty wouldn’t lift a finger help. The only entity left is Jack. And though Jack might have the raw power to do both, to hold the souls and to create Paradise, he couldn’t do them at the same time.
“I’m so sorry, Dad,” the kid says. And Dean doesn’t know what he could be apologizing for, but he knows the feeling. Coming face to face with the people you love most in the world, and feeling fear before anything else.
On Earth, he can hear Claire praying to him.
“Things work differently here,” Charlie says, her hands busy. “Coffee okay for you?”
. Dean has always said Cas’s name like a blessing or a curse, never anything in between.
“You’ve done it before,” she had said. “You know how it’s done.”
The second Dean touches down in Heaven, Cas knows. There’s an echo that moves through his body and catches in his throat. He couldn’t put it into words if he tried. But twelve years ago he had held Dean’s soul in the palm of his hand and dragged him, burning, from the inferno. A human soul is heavier than stone, more fragile than glass. Castiel would know the feeling of Dean’s anywhere. And now the knowing nearly brings him to his knees.
“You don’t have to say it,” Castiel said.
They sit there talking and laughing for hours, and afternoon lasts forever. They’re each into their sixth cup of coffee, neither of them more than a little caffeine-buzzed, when Sam gets home. He sweeps Charlie into a bear hug that lifts her off the ground. The sun is starting to set, and the sky is pink and rosy. A breeze leaps through the open windows, bearing the smell of honeysuckle and jasmine. Dean stands. The fridge is full, and he thinks he’ll make them bacon and eggs for dinner, because he can. Sam makes himself a tea and grabs a seat. The room’s all lit up with the blushing sky and Charlie’s neverending smile. It’s warm in the spring— summer?— evening and Dean is cooking for family.
Then it’s all gone.
On the porch swing, Sam stiffens, a simple movement that sends Eileen sitting straight up. She follows Sam’s eyes and freezes. She grabs her husband’s hand.
“Yes.”
“If we had more angels,” Naomi urges. “If you could retrieve them from the Empty, like you brought back Castiel—”
“Weren’t there more of you?” Cas asks. They seem to have mellowed out since Jack first made them. There’s a weariness dragging at their eyes, and a stiffness to their shoulders that takes after Heaven’s tyranny. But they still shine.
The room is so warm with love that Castiel forgets he isn’t really here. He stands out of the way, watching them eat and talk. At some point Sam excuses himself to put baby Dean to bed. They eat, and stay up until early hours of the morning. It isn’t until nearly three in the morning that Eileen retrieves the inflatable mattresses from a closet somewhere.
* * *
“How do you know they’re going to be okay?”
“How?” Cas asks. “Where’s—” He hesitates. “Where are Sam and Dean?”
“What happened?” Castiel asks. “What—” He blinks, trying to place the difference in Jack. There’s a reflection to his soul, maybe, or a second gleam behind his eyes. He’s full of power, like he was when he was young and new, fresh to the world and brimming with potential.
They go on like that, and when that photo is hung there’s another and another. Throughout the foyer, on the kitchen wall, all around the living room. Shining faces. Eileen’s parents everywhere. And that tiny photograph of Cas in a cowboy hat is tucked into an old silver frame and placed on a side table. Next to the bowl of chocolates.
“It’s just good to see him,” Jack says, shaking his head. And there’s an expression Cas can’t place. Peace, with a little grief. And a serenity that Cas still finds foreign, and a distance to his eyes. Like his attention is split and he only has half his mind on this moment.
, Cas ponders. Dean and Sam turn away from the bridge, saying something to each other. An offer to drive off into the sunset, to go see what Paradise has for them. To visit the people they’ve lost. A busy, busy future together.
Above, clouds are rolling in. It’s a cool kind of gray day, and if Dean stops to think he wonders if the wind might be the only thing out here holding him up. He kicks at the gap where the boards of the dock meet unevenly. They’re worn from years of wear and tear, though he knows it’s possible nobody’s ever stood on this dock before him. He found it here this morning, nearly drove right past it. And like everything else here it’s foreign and familiar at the same time. Tailored to something in him that needed to stand over water and breathe in deep.
the car and it was
Eileen arrives at the crack of dawn. Dean is up working on the Impala. He couldn’t sleep, which he thinks is off for a place called Paradise. The moon’s still high in the gray sky. And when he steps out from behind the Impala’s hood— changing the oil, finally, after getting distracted by some engine troubles— she’s standing in the driveway like a specter in flannel.
“Hey, Dean,” Eileen says. She glows like a saint, and the very blades of grass in the front lawn seem to lean in towards her. Her voice warbles, so warm and familiar in its accent that Dean feels guilty for ever being put off by it. She looks the same age she did when Dean last saw her. The lines in the corners of her eyes match Sam’s. She’s smiling to see Dean, but tilts her head a dash when she looks around. Her hands sign along as she asks: “What are you doing in my house?”
“Hey, Sammy.”
And Jack hangs somewhere in between them, already a step into ushering a new world. A world where crimes have consequences, and a God shows mercy when it would be all too easy not to. Where even Naomi gets a second chance. One day she might arrive to Jack’s new Paradise as a human soul. Cas might see her again, in a place where they could never hurt each other again. Where rewards aren’t just the memories of lost times, but their essence. Maybe they’ll get to sit and talk somewhere. With no animosity between them. One day.
Dean turns and walks through the house and out the back door— away from Sam and Eileen and Dean Junior, away from the house that is all theirs and none his, away even from the Impala in their driveway. He walks and doesn’t stop until he gets to the river. As Dean walks he supposes, absently, that the family business never ended, after all. It seemed to go on just fine without him.
“Do you hear that?” Amara asks.
“Maybe we could speak with Rowena,” Cas offers Jack. “Hell might be able to hold on to the souls for a moment during the change.”
“Sit down,” Charlie orders instead. “I need to hear everything I’ve missed. And tell me why the hell took me this long to hear you’d arrived.”
, Dean wants to ask. But the day is getting hotter around them. And the Impala isn’t gonna fix itself.
“Enough,” Jack says, and he steps in between Castiel and Naomi.
The hallways are lit better than the rest of the bunker, and Cas remembers his last walk through here. His arm around Dean, whose heart was locked in Billie’s vice grip. After so many years, Cas’s own heart never stopped beating a little faster around Dean.
They disappear in a flutter of wings that makes Cas’s stomach drop. He fights to stay steady— he’s still getting used to the wings, and distance is different in Paradise. Jack is a smooth and steady flyer. They drop onto a bridge over a river. A broad, shallow creek opens up onto a forest and an open sky. The air is fresh and new, like it’s never been interrupted by a spoken word before.
Claire holds it and looks at it. Her black nail polish is chipped and scuffed, with a bit of dried blood still stuck in her cuticles. She’s been hunting.
And then a prayer from Sam. Clear as crystal, direct to Cas and practically written with a subject line and a signature. With his own love and child warm in his arms, Sam prays.
Naomi hesitates. Castiel can see the change as it moves through her— the softness she lets tug at the corners of her mouth, the way she smooths her voice out into a careful murmur.
“That’s a little harsh,” Charlie says, sliding his mug of coffee at him. It’s gritty instant coffee with some of the powder still floating around and no sugar or cream to soften its wallop. It smells like the bunker, and when Dean sips it it tastes like pouring over volumes of legends and lore in the dead of night; hard times made easier by not having to do it alone. “It’s more like we’ll see each other when we want to, when it’s good for us and will make us happiest.”
Alex is a nurse now, and Patience is in college. She’s applying to grad schools. Claire and Kaia are joined at the hip, and they ask so eagerly after Charlie and Steve’s shining engagement rings that there’s no question what’s in their future. They drop mentions of hunts— a ghoul in North Dakota, a haunting outside Cincinnati. Claire shows off a scar from a recent tangle with a rougarou. Charlie hands Eileen a pack of forged documents. Donna’s seeing somebody named Jacob, and they spend a good half hour prying details out of her. Apparently he’s blonde. Bobby’s eggnog sells fast, and Garth talks child-rearing with Eileen and Jody. Alex, ever good with children, interrogates Garth’s twins about school. Patience, terrible with children, is chased away. They all heap their presents under the tree.
Dean’s made them mac and cheese, which he always made them in motels when their dad had been gone longer than he was supposed to be. He’s refined the recipe since then— mixed several different kinds of cheeses and added a side salad to appease Sam— but it still tastes like putting his kid brother to bed and waiting up till early morning with a .22. They’re sitting with their plates on the porch. Sam and Eileen have claimed the porch swing, though Dean keeps thinking that surely it can’t take Sam’s weight for much longer. It creaks every time they move back and forth. Eileen reassures him they had it reinforced when they moved in.
“Okay,” Cas said. And when Cas cracked the golden bottle open and the froth burst down his clothing, Dean smiled. Then he laughed, and all the tension went out of his body. In the corners of his eyes, wrinkles shone like the folds of a wedding dress. The beer trickled down Cas’s chest. Dean fetched a clean rag in the kitchen he had built for himself with his own two hands.
“I can make you forget him,” Jack offers to Cas one day, when the Garden is yellowing around them. They’ve discovered that everything that is born also dies, so the fruit and vegetables will rot on the vine unless they’re picked. Kelly’s retrieving the pumpkins to make a pie, like she used to do with her mother when she was a kid. She and Jack are going to make one together. And Cas is glad. He never begrudges Kelly time with Jack.
“Perfect,” she praises.
* * *
“Did you two talk?” Cas asked.
“Did you hear all that?” Cas asks Jack, who nods.
When they pull apart, the world is new before them. They turn and look off the bridge out at Paradise that Cas and Jack have made them.
They go on like that for a while, back and forth with words and hands. Dean lets them. He retreats to his room, the guest room in their house. Like every other room, the windows are wide open. The clouds are stained with color. Dean’s eyes fall on the full moon, a constant in the opposite corner of the sky. With every new bloom of the sunrise, it fades a little further.
So can it be done?
“And I’m sorry,” Jack insists, and a little bit of his child self slips back into his voice. “Amara, this world was Chuck’s creation, but it’s my home. I love it— you’ve felt how much I love it. And I know how much you love it, too. I want to do this for all the people down there,” Jack says. “I want to give them Paradise.”
Heaven is bright and sunbeams fall instead of rain. There are no potholes in the road, in any road. The Impala’s gas tank is always full, except for when Dean feels like pulling up to a gas station and watching the wind blow through the trees beside the endless road. He breathes deep— the smell of gasoline seeps into the car like it did when they were kids, when he and Sam picked fights with each other in the backseat, waiting for their father to fill up the tank and turn the music back on. The car’s engine purrs— all of Dean’s cassette tapes are here, and the music rings clearer than it ever did before. He plays Black Sabbath, Metallica, all the things he played when he was fresh-faced and young, when the world was new. John always hated Metallica, but after all it’s Dean’s car now and he can play whatever he wants. Even if he thinks he’s outgrown Metallica.
Sam laughs with his whole chest. The kind of laugh that fills a room. Cas doesn’t know if he’s ever heard Sam laugh like that. The baby cackles along, eyes on his father. Eileen bounces him in her lap. They sort through the pictures, matching them to frames and setting aside a pile of the ones they plan on getting new frames for. The rest are sorted into boxes, to be put into photo albums. It’s a quietly bustling kind of peace, and when the baby claws at Eileen’s chest to be fed, Sam takes over slipping the photographs into their frames. He goes around the house to hang them up, and here it’s to Eileen’s advance to have married a mountain-sized man.
He holds out his hand and takes another breath, his shoulders rising and falling like he’s sighing energy itself. Another breath. Then another. And a pooling power begins to emanate from him. The light in his body seems to condense in the palm of his hand. A darkness sprouts, and bursts forth like a billowing smoke. Jack’s angels stumble back. The smell of ozone fills the warehouse.
“Yeah, you bet,” Dean says. “What do you mean differently?”
Dean and Cas’s house was not like that. Dean had never lived in a place long enough to have a say in decorating it. He made do with a bed, and with painting and repainting the walls in pursuit of a different vision for each room. Dean built the kitchen table to sit at when Sam or Mary visited, and the completion of that project was enough incentive to install shelves and cabinets, put proper curtains on the windows, find matching chairs and plates and silverware, and put it all together. From there he had made burgers one day on the grill that lived on the back porch, and then mac and cheese and then meatloaf. He put up a photo, then another and another. He moved what few signs of life inhabited other rooms into this one. And now, months after Cas had started hanging around often enough that there was nowhere else in Paradise that he could appropriately call ‘home,’ the kitchen was still the coziest room in the house.
Eileen nods. She disappears, and comes back with a pair of pillows and a couple blankets. And a pair of machetes. They lay on the ground like teenage lovers, curled into each other and the blankets. The machetes rest on either side of them, each within reach. As Sam drifts off to sleep, his thoughts turn and twist into a prayer. It isn’t addressed to Cas in particular. But it reaches Cas all the same.
“Yeah,” Sam says slowly. “I haven’t seen her either.”
“Now, kid,” she orders, her voice echoing with power.
Dean will be fine, Cas wants to say. You know how much worse he’s been through. How much he’s suffered.
“I agree,” Naomi says. And that question is settled there.
“There are six of them left,” Jack says. “They aren’t enough. They can’t do it forever.” He tilts his head, and it’s like staring at a reflection of Castiel so many years ago, back when he was brimming with wisdom and no sense. “And I don’t want them to.”
“This is Sam’s place,” Dean says.
Though there’s something in the building rise of Zeppelin’s music that does remind him of Dean, when he thinks about it. The way the notes ring back through his ears and reverberate down the length of his spine. It’s a raucous game of sound and rhythm. The endless, reverberating drumbeat that Castiel’s come to expect of open roads and American horizons. Dean with his hands on the Impala’s steering wheel, bobbing his head and mouthing along unintelligible lyrics.
Cas runs his fingertips over the indentations. They come away covered in dust.
“I’ve been thinking about Purgatory,” Jack says one day, with Cas at his side..
Cas thinks about the last time he saw Dean. The way his eyes widened, the slight dip of his head into a soft, shaking
“Heaven is dying,” Jack says, cutting her off. “And from what I hear—” his eyes flit over at Cas for a moment, then back to Naomi. “You’re the one who let it.”
Jack comes back, bars of chocolate in hand. It would have been easier to just wave a hand and make chocolate appear, but Cas understands. The pleasure’s in the growing and making of the thing. Bringing things into the world here, in the heart of Paradise. And for all that the chocolate is threaded through with the power of creation, Jack has cocoa powder under his nails and a smile on his face. He offers the chocolate to his mother, who snaps off a piece and pops it into her mouth. Cas can guess— it tastes divine.
Cas flies, and the Garden disappears around him. And then he’s there, on the dock jutting out over the river. Rain is pouring down around them, staining the world gray and freezing. The wind crashes through the trees all along the riverbank. The water’s white and churning, swollen with flooding and scraping against the dock. Ready to sweep them away.
“Not an option,” Jack says immediately.
“We have so much to do here,” Cas says, gently. “I can see Dean later.”
“They’re here already?” Eileen wonders. With the baby done feeding, Eileen shrugs her breast back into its bra and retrieves a burping cloth.
“I missed you so much,” he says, like it’s a prayer. “Eileen, I’m so, so sorry for leaving you—”
Amara raises her eyebrows at him.
Then Sam is there. And without needing to see or be told, Dean just knows. Cas can hear the smile blooming on his face.
“Naomi,” Jack reiterates, interrupting anything Cas might say in return. “Do you understand?”
And when the smoke solidifies, Amara is standing tall in her dark dress with her hand in Jack’s. In Heaven’s glow her hair is so brown it’s almost red. True to Jack’s word, there’s a heaviness to her eyelids, like she’s been interrupted at meditation or massage.
The promise of a threat. Something that could endanger everything they’ve built. Could threaten Jack, and all the souls in their custody. Could threaten Dean, newly arrived and tucked into a corner of Paradise. A Paradise that isn’t quite fleshed out yet. Cas had counted on so much more time to make it ready for Dean.
Kelly and Cas turn their gazes to their son. He’s drying the seeds, and beckoning more pods to sprout. Watching it feels like watching whole seasons pass. Jack does it with such ease. The moisture in the seeds evaporates in puffs of humidity. The simple wave of a hand.
It’s morning and the dew is still clinging to every blade of grass outside Sam’s place. The cicadas are buzzing up a raucous East Coast kind of noise. It’s warm already. The day promises to get hotter. Sam’s already gone on a run along the river today, and Dean can’t believe that even in Paradise the kid runs for fun. Dean made him eggs.
Around them, Paradise is blooming.
“What?” Cas asks. “What about Naomi and the others, and the angels you created—”
She thumbs through a mismatched collection. Sam loves music, Cas knows, but there’s a collection of cassette tapes with familiar labels. Metallica, Black Sabbath, AC/DC, and the familiar Led Zeppelin. Dean’s tapes. Not quite to Sam’s taste, but there isn’t a speck of dust on them. And when Claire pops open the cassette player, it’s a Nazareth tape that comes out. Sam still listens to all Dean’s music.
Sam takes a seat next to her and begins to sort through the photographs. They’re all from different times. They must have gone ahead and printed as many as they could dredge up from over the years. There’s even a couple of Jack, caught smiling here and there, and Cas. A face Cas no longer thinks of as belonging to somebody else. Sam and Dean as kids. One photograph of Sam in college with Jess, that Sam tucks into the pile to be saved, not displayed. The tiny photo of Cas in a cowboy hat. Then there’s a portrait of Dean against a white background, evidently taken during the same photoshoot as the little photos they used for their fake IDs. He’s winking and grinning. He’s younger than Cas ever knew him. And there’s a wickedness to his eyes that Cas never knew.
“What are they thinking?” Dean asked.
Sam wears grief well. The simple sorrow of remembering the lost, years after putting away mourning garb. The pain of having known them well enough to speak for them now. He must be used to it, after all this time. After losing so many people.
Jack’s angels are searching for all the souls that fell to Earth when Heaven was destroyed. Among the first of them is Charlie Bradbury, whose soul slips through Castiel’s fingers like cool water and flows out into Paradise.
“I didn’t know Sam had instant coffee,” Dean says, distracted.
.” And Cas can hear the unspoken urgency in her voice—
In Heaven, Jack glows. The angel in him is blinding, the way the sight of Castiel’s brothers and sisters always shone in his vision like the sun. It should be the same warmth, the same flavor of divinity that runs through every angel and nephilim, but something about it is different this time. Something about Jack is different.
The cassette tape isn’t here either. Sam must have taken it.
“No clue why they’d do that,” Dean said. His voice was gruffer, less twenty-six than forty-one. Less dancing with Jo than standing with Cas.
“She’ll be here,” Dean says. He wonders if those symbols and sigils still work in Heaven, or if they’re just decorative here. Maybe Eileen, when she gets here, will be able to tell him. It’ll be good to see her again, and see the two of them together properly. Sam always looked so shy when she was around, like a wrong look would send her running. Maybe in heaven Dean will get to see them happy together, no reservations. They all deserve a little happiness, a little peace. And an arm around somebody they love. “Just give it a bit of time.”
“Heaven?”
There’s no flash of light. Dean turns back to grab his empty lemonade glass and there, in the center of the yard, is a tall figure. In the rain, he looks like a ghost. For a second, it’s like Dean is looking at a young Sam.
“It’s Jody,” he calls, leaning back into view to sign.
Jack looks at Cas. For guidance, maybe, or reassurance. For what to do next.
He means Dean. Around them, the Garden is swirling with movement— the cherry blossom petals are fading as they fall, and tiny buds are sprouting across the tree branches, unfurling into bright green growth. The trees fill out like they’re inhaling, new things thriving.
“It’s mine, then,” Dean said. He turned over in their bed and the moonlight found them. They had hung up as many photographs and posters and art prints as they could think to hunt down. They had no rhyme or reason for their design, except for Dean’s love of music and Cas’s love of Dean. At just the right time of night, moonlight lit up the far wall and the silhouette of their bodies in bed together. “It’s my Paradise—”
“It’s not easy,” he warns. “It’s like stepping out of harmony.”
They’re standing in the grassy clearing of a garden. Colors bloom around them, wildflowers bursting from the soil alongside orchids and lilies, vines creeping up trees bearing fruit, and runners race across the ground, sprouting pumpkins. Rows of corn, intertwined with bean and squash, stick up at the edge of the garden. Trees bear ripe peaches and cherries, and apples in green and yellow and a bright, squealing red. Cherry blossom trees pattern the air with swirling petals. Between it all, the air is crisp and cold. The kind of air that’ll shock a passerby into breathing deep and living well.
Cas doesn’t know what Dean would say. He probably wouldn’t say anything at all. That would be more like Dean.
As he always does, every time he sees Dean again after death has parted them, Cas forgets to breathe. For the first time, somehow, Cas notices the wrinkles in the corners of Dean’s eyes. The way the bags beneath his eyes sink a little deeper than they used to. A dozen tiny indicators of every year he’s lived. A thought flits across Cas’s mind— reaching out to hold Dean’s face and brush his thumb against those wrinkles. The sunlight catches in his eyes as he strolls— all the time in the world— to the railing of the bridge.
Every outline of Heaven has faded. They stand in a blank smear of whiteness, nothing to separate up from down. The polar opposite of the Empty. Around them, flashes of blue rush through the white, like looking through a glass of milk. Souls. Falling out of reach of Jack’s angels. Falling to Earth. Swirls of golden light— Jack’s angels— chase after them while they still rattle around in Heaven before falling. They aren’t enough.
* * *
“Go,” Amara encourages. And Castiel supposes he has run out of excuses. Kelly nods a blessing and presses a kiss to Jack’s forehead.
All the tension lets out of Jack’s shoulders.
And when it comes through clearly, the faintest prayer strikes Cas like lightning.
But, a voice reminds him. Jack might actually be able to do it.
“I don’t know what will happen,” Cas confesses. “The way we parted, and all the things I said— I don’t know what to say to him, or what he can say to me.”
and Dean wasn’t there to speak at the wedding. “It took a while to find, but Eileen really wanted a front porch. We bounced around awhile and ended up settling near Garth.” He looks at Dean. “His kids babysat ours.”
Dean turns. And Dean grins like the sun’s come out after a hundred endless nights.
“It’s the house we moved into when we got married,” Sam says, thinking. He drinks it in, breathing in deep and scanning for every detail. Married, Dean thinks. Sammy got
“Yeah,” Sam says, rubbing at his eyes. His voice is quiet, his eyes pink around the edges. “I think I’m gonna sleep in here tonight, if it’s okay.”
No. Cas shrugs away the thought. What a cruel idea. Then he never would have met Dean.
It’s the Garden of Plenty— the heart of Paradise. It’s Jack’s favorite place here. By now it’s as familiar to Cas as the bunker. It’s where they’ve been rebuilding Heaven from, if they can still call it that. Kelly is there with them, standing beside their son. She hasn’t yet stopped smiling.
“How did it happen?” Cas asks.
“Eileen likes the fresh air,” Sam says, and he breathes in deep. His face softens, except for the little furrow that appears between his brows like it always does when he’s hurting. “And the noise doesn’t bother her. Besides—” he nods to the floor, where the edge of a painted devil’s trap is peeking out from under the carpet. “We were careful. Eileen made sure of it.”
