“I wish I could show you how the others look at you. Perhaps you are so used to a lingering gaze that it does not bother you anymore, but it bothers me plenty.”
“I think we should lay around inside today,” Tony said carefully, attempting to sound nonchalant instead of desperate, “I would like to nap with Peter for a bit. If Bruce’s face was anything to go by, Pete kept the poor man up all night with his fussiness. I think he missed me.”
“You just suck up to her and bat your doe eyes at her, you gremlin, you can’t fool me,” Steve tried to scold, giggling back.
“He is asking normal questions for Rhodey,” he explained, “He is making sure I am not a slave or being held against my will or anything like that.”
He dragged the guard over to the edge of the truck, and with PJ’s help, pushed the body out, smirking as Steve expertly jumped the motorbike over the body.
It seemed like forever until a knock came from the door; expecting Bruce, Tony looked up, only to see a few white coats.
“This can’t be right. Natasha. Please tell me this isn’t right,” Tony begged hoarsely, “This isn’t possible, right?”
“You have left yourself open to a divided attack,” he said aloud, scooting forward on Steve’s leg to better look at the paper and make sure that he had properly come to his conclusion, “Look—you have good base defenses, but you have concentrated them around the plumbing that runs out from the walls. In theory, that would fend off anyone planning on a sneak attack by coming in through the pipes, but it weakens the surrounding, less-defended walls. If a large enough army divided itself in half and squeezed the city, they would easily win. The compound is too large to call for extra men in time.”
“Remind me to yell at your father later,” Tony grumbled to Peter, shifting uncomfortably as his ache worsened.
“I’ll bring you food once we’re done,” He said as PJ slipped his hand into Steve’s palm, “Stay put.”
Steve giggled and fell into whiny moans, easily rolling his hips up into Tony’s fist. It didn’t even take much encouraging on Tony’s part before he shuddered and came, coating his belly and shirt in stripes of come. He arched up as Tony kept going, stroking him into oversensitivity, making him writhe on the futon until Tony came as well, spilling over their cocks and joining Steve’s drying mess on his stomach.
“Now now. If I do not bring you, James will retrieve you himself, and you know he will drag you kicking and screaming.”
“It is not your fault,” he said, making sure to make eye contact with Tony, “She was smart, yes? Then she had every chance to go to the doctor or to expose the secret, but she did not. She assumed the risks, just as you did. Now you have to carry on, not only for her, but for Peter’s sake as well. He is going to need you more than ever now that that half of his bond is gone.”
“You know I do not enjoy doing that. At all. People are not killed on these grounds, if I can help it,” Steve said, “I swear, whatever you have heard about me and my family is not true. We fight to stay free, but nothing more than that. Not ever. I would not allow it.”
Steve rolled his eyes fondly and stole another kiss. If it were a different morning, Tony would happily allow more, but a scrape of teeth against his sore nipple reminded him that the baby was present. He hissed in pain and gently eased Peter away to give his poor chest a break.
“Hey. Hey, sweetheart, you’re alright,” he tried, getting down on his knees to try and seem less threatening, “I know that was pretty scary, huh? Getting woken up like that? I’m sorry that happened, pumpkin.”
“It is alright, Thor. I am merely weary from my travels and inner thoughts chasing me,” Tony said, opening his eyes to look past Steve and smile tiredly at the man, “Being strong for the babe leads to momentary breaks, that is all.”
“It’s okay,” Tony soothed quickly, glancing at Steve, “He won’t hurt you—Steve, put your hand out, palm up. Let him come to you.”
He watched as Steve rose up from the ground, eyes tracking his every movement. The Prime backed up to the wall and looked back and forth between Tony and the cell door, clearly forming a plan. Just as Tony figured out what he was doing, Steve pushed himself off the back wall with his left shoulder forward, slamming the entirety of his weight against the door. It went flying off of its hinges and crashed into the opposite wall, leaving Steve standing in the middle of the hallway with no barrier between him and Tony.
“You’re damn right it won’t happen again, boy,” his Father said coolly, motioning to him with the bottle in his hand, “If it does, you’ll get more than that.”
“I… apologize for not seeing how distraught you were over Peter’s feeding. I suppose I wrote off your response as being affected by your illness, not understanding that you were genuinely upset over it. After the Prime came to me in tears, I realized what had happened and talked with him about it. We intended on having this conversation earlier, but when we came to find you, Bruce had just left you to sleep. The three of us talked for a while and decided it would be best if this was all resolved as soon as possible,” Thor said, his voice becoming more gentle as he talked, “I wanted to apologize first, though. Not only for not recognizing your ailment but for also not keeping my promise. I should have stepped in and said something.”
“Honey? Is everything alright?” He asked, reaching across the table to pick up Tony’s hand, “Did something happen? Do I need to bury whatever’s in the box?”
“I thought I’d drive him myself. Get a little more personal time in before you vultures steal him away,” he tried to joke, but the hint of seriousness was there, making the others nod.
“In an old house in Paris, all covered with vines, lived twelve little girls in two straight lines. The smallest one was Madeline. See? That’s her, with the red hair.”
“Sweetheart?” Tony’s concerned voice cut through his thoughts, “Darling, you are shaking--come, let us retire for a while. I think the day has worn you out more than you are letting on.”
Bruce nodded and headed on down the corridor while Tony went back into the bedroom, smiling fondly once he saw Steve curled up in the nest of pillows.
Tony nodded, taking Steve’s hand again to squeeze as they walked backstage. They watched the other students from the shadows as the play started, unable to help their giggles when Clint was trotted onstage in a donkey outfit.
“Of course,” Bruce answered slowly, raising an eyebrow, “Do you want me to get Steve? Or at least find out where he went?”
, and in that moment of disoriented hurt, he foolishly reached into the bond to feel even a bit of his mate’s warmth.
Barnes and Sam both looked to Steve, who gave them a half-smile before finally settling his eyes on Tony.
Russian,” Natasha corrected, a gentle smile on her ruby lips, “And I get cold plenty. Bucky’s sweaters help with that, though.”
“That just seems like basic genetics. If the serum overwrote Steve’s DNA and then combined with mine, PJ would have half of the serum-coated DNA and then half regular,” Tony replied, scratching his chin as he finally looked over at Bruce, “So then, in theory, he’ll be affected half as much as Steve was by the serum. He won’t be normal, but he won’t be a super soldier. He’ll just be—”
“I am a male Omega father. I did not birth my son,” Tony explained easily, “I will not produce milk for him, so there is no reason for me to wear it.”
“I am so, so sorry, Steve,” he whispered, nosing lightly at Steve’s neck, “I will try to do better by you, I swear.”
“Just go with your man, Tones. I handled you as a halfling, I can handle your equally-as-tiny offspring,” Rhodey interrupted with a sly grin, “Go christen the flower beds.”
“We are well. Banner’s medicine and some food seemed to have helped a lot,” Tony admitted, “Hopefully one more dose and another rest will bring me back to full health.”
“Hey, shh, it’s okay, almost there,” Tony pleaded, not wanting to have to get the others to keep Steve still, “Be good for me just a little longer, okay?”
“Shut up, of course you’re going to get it,” Clint scowled, folding his arms, “Nat, read the question.”
Steve hissed again, then mumbled a whine of embarrassment when more liquid leaked out, dripping down his chest.
“Well, uh, I don’t know which one of them it is, but Clint’s taken, Thor’s Asgardian and is probably our definition of pansexual, and Bruce generally defers to science rather than dating.”
“Nothing good, that’s for damn sure,” Bucky grunted, jabbing a finger at the layout, “One visible entrance. They purposefully want us funneled going in. It’d be a suicide mission.”
interrupted…I’m going to have you look him over, Brucie bear. He’s for sure mine. According to some files Nat found, he started displaying advanced intelligence by ‘year one,’ whatever that means. I’m guessing a year since he was allowed out of incubation. Either way, he is extremely weak, and I want to know what steps to take next to help him get to a normal health. You can also consult with SHIELD doctors, but the kid stays at the Tower,” he said, nodding his head to enforce his decision.
. Tony crawled up onto the bed to position himself with his ass in the air, Steve’s shirt riding up to crumple around his neck. He was okay with the underwear being pulled down, but as soon as Steve’s warm hands cupped his ass he turned his face down into the bed to hide.
“I like Sherri Shepherd,” he said, draping his legs over the side of the armchair he was lounging in.
“Could we not make those comments when PJ is here?” Steve asked wearily, putting his head in his hands, “This is already embarrassing enough.”
They playfully bickered back-and-forth until their names were called, causing Tony to go ramrod straight with anxiety. Steve smiled comfortingly and cupped his cheek, giving him one last peck on the lips before guiding him back to the desk where the intern was shifting on her foot. She muttered something that sounded like “congratulations” before shoving the paper into Tony’s hand, clearly not intending to continue the conversation any further. The paper shook until Steve held onto the other side, forcing them to tilt their heads together to read it.
Tony heard Bucky’s foot connect with flesh and he tensed, shooting out from under Steve when the Warlord got up to try and attack the offending foot. He did not look back as he ran pell-mell down the hallway, flying past the extremely confused faces of the other Warlords. He ran up the stairs and toward his bedroom, only stopping once he found Natasha sitting on his bed with Peter fast asleep in her arms. She stared at him as he got to work barricading the door with Steve’s desk. He was not sure how long it would hold, but it gave him enough peace of mind to collapse next to Natasha, tucking himself up into her side and motioning for the baby.
Rolling his eyes behind the faceplate, Tony Stark barely hesitated as he leveled his arm with his shoulder backward and shot off two blasts at escaping HYDRA soldiers.
“You want to grab the cloaks? I can put mine on after we drop him off,” Tony said, “I will remind Bruce about the doll and we can pick it up when we return.”
Tony hesitated for a moment, months of data from Steve’s actions completely blown to bits by the blonde’s admission. He made a confused noise, but dismissed it with a shake of his head. He moved to ask another question, but a rustle of sheets beside him had them both turn to PJ. The boy had shifted, and with a tiny groan, his eyes fluttered open, unfocused but bright.
“Rhodey?” Tony grinned as the Colonel strode into the room, only to wince as he sat forward, “I thought you’d have headed back to the Airforce to debrief with them.”
“You shake it to get rid of the line. It’s all based on magnets and graphite strips and stuff, so don’t eat it. It’s a cool drawing exercise, though,” Tony continued, an embarrassed smile on his lips, “I used to have one at MIT. Rhodey would get me seemingly simple toys to frustrate the hell out of me when I couldn’t do shit with it.”
” Bucky said, his voice a rough growl that Steve knew was a result of the man trying not to cry, “Why didn’t we know sooner? Tony’s the one building weapons and sort of being the wealthiest man this side of the hemisphere, why the
“Shh, my love, I did not mean to upset you, I am alright, shhh,” he soothed, going out to the hallway to cool off, “Everything is okay. No need to cry, darling.”
Steve stared at the bullets, blinking through the hot water before sighing loudly, thunking his head against the wall and dropping the bullets into the pile. He rinsed the conditioner out of his hair and quickly soaped himself up, glad to be rid of the grime of the battle. Once he was cleaned off and his bruising had been checked out, Steve shut the water off and grabbed one of the towels to wrap around his waist, scooping up the bullets to dump into the trash. He returned to the main area to find that they were already in the air, with everyone in various states of pain or disarray.
“Okay, well, you three interrupted our nice talk and rest time, so what do you want?” Tony sighed, making himself comfortable on his pillows again.
He rubbed a hand over Peter’s back and sucked in a breath, trying to keep the quiver out of his voice.
Tony rolled his eyes and handed his cup to him, waiting for PJ to make his loop before grabbing him under his armpits and lifting him into his arms with a grunt. PJ squealed happily, wriggling as he tried to push Tony away.
“What? Shouldn’t we keep that?” Steve murmured, leaning down to nose at Tony’s temple, “If we need sustenance—”
Slowly, Tony eased them down onto the chair, letting PJ settle in his lap. The boy looked confused for a moment before attempting to hide in Tony’s shirt again. He snorted a laugh, shaking his head fondly while lightly patting the boy’s back.
Once the jet had safely docked, Tony unbuckled himself and PJ, ignoring how his knees cracked in protest from the movement.
“As much as I hate to admit it, this is a little creepy,” Natasha said, glancing at the various empty rooms that held shredded hospital beds, “I thought this only happened in movies.”
“No, its butter pecan,” Steve said, raising an eyebrow as he leaned forward to look over at Bucky, “I mean, strawberry is good, but butter pecan will
PJ sniffled, but seemed content in his blanket burrito now that he was nestled in-between their body heats. Tony pressed another kiss to his cheek and wiped off the last of his tear tracks, turning a smile up toward Steve once he felt lips against his temple.
Sharp pain woke him up with a gasp. Tony held his breath to keep from screaming as he shifted his legs apart, only breathing out once the pain lessened. He groaned and forced himself to sit up, blinking tiredly in the light of the early dawn. It was no wonder Steve had wanted to take his time last night; if Tony had let him, he probably would have avoided the situation he found himself in, but the sex had distracted him like he wanted.
, my kid needs this stuff, and he might start freaking out again if I don’t go back. We can talk about whatever problems you have later,” He continued slowly, watching the vein on the other’s forehead pop as he clenched his teeth.
Tony’s eyes snapped open at the sound of footsteps, hurriedly reaching up to wipe the brimming tears from his eyes. He sucked in a breath, heart hammering in his chest as the figured rounded the back of the chair—
Steve merely tucked into the new gallon, finding himself nestled between Tony and Thor as they all lounged around to join in on the movie. Though he quickly was annoyed by Bruce’s arguing with Clint over the legitimacy of the existence of zombies, he wasn’t distracted enough to notice Tony’s spoon encroaching into his Moose Tracks.
He stood and shouldered his pack, then scooped Peter up into his arms. With help from Bruce, he got back on the horse and settled the boy between them. With a group nod, they all set off at a trot, headed perpendicular to the sun to guide their way South. It was blazing hot with no cloud cover, and Tony complained as such as he wiped the sweat off of his brow.
“I’m not breaking up with you, dipshit,” He snorted, rolling his eyes, “It’s not your fault, honey. Not even I could have predicted a pterodactyl attack, alright?”
“Steve, you had scoliosis and partial deafness from that time you got fucking scarlet fever. Then, magically, you grow over a foot and have no health problems? On top of it, you never let Tony attend any of your camp graduations or see your stripes. You should have seen his face when he realized he had actually managed to hack into the
kids. And maybe I want to give him a good life away from SHIELD’s eyes and treat him the way Howard never treated me, and show him kindness for once in his small and already miserable life.”
“Is he trying to steal you again?” Steve mumbled, “Tell him to talk like us. I want to know what he says.”
“None of that, now. If I was in your position, I would have made the same choice, especially if it meant keeping you away from your bastard of a father. Er,
Tony nodded and craned his neck to look around him, relaxing once Thor had moved. He watched Bruce and Steve with as much concentration as he could muster up, trying to focus on what Bruce was showing Steve. He figured he was demonstrating how to hold the baby, but then Bruce pointed toward the bathroom and they began to move. Tony tried to protest, making a distressed noise and shifting in the bed to get their attention.
It clearly wasn’t fine, but Bruce wasn’t about to argue, so he nodded to Steve and left, shutting the door behind him. Silently, Tony moved to turn the movie off, sitting on the floor of the room with one of the remotes in his hand. Steve waited for a minute, letting Tony work through his distraction before quietly padding over to him, sitting down next to him.
“So, you can be Mom. I’m Dad, ‘cause I know how t’mow the lawn an’ read the newspapers,” Steve said proudly, digging out a tiny orange to split open, handing Tony a slice, “Tasha an’ Buck are our kids an’ Thor an’ Bruce an’ Clint an’ Sam are the neighbors. Thor is their Dad an’ Bruce is the Mom an’ Clint an’ Sam are their kids.”
From the bag, Steve pulled out a soft-looking elephant, a big red bow tied around its neck. With a loud gasp, PJ’s eyes went wide as he looked at it, gaping a little. He went to reach for it, only to stop and look over at his hand on Tony’s palm, nibbling his bottom lip.
“Rhodey told me you know,” he said between kisses, pulling back with a sheepish smile, “Buck and I were worried for so long, thinking we were going to get put away, and then he tells us you hacked into the Pentagon and figured it out yourself.”
“My priority is to keep my son safe, which means staying away from the cities. If anyone ever found out about how he was born, we’d both be killed.”
Steve waved apologetically to a nonplussed secretary, following her pointed finger toward a hallway. They stumbled down until they reached the marriage certification office, both flushed and disheveled when they burst through the door. Without hesitation, Tony flicked out his wallet and opened it, digging out an obscene amount of money to slap onto the counter in front of a slightly terrified intern.
“Sort of. Not with him, necessarily, but with leaving someone to watch him,” Tony answered, waving for the two men to sit, “Steve, when you were on the motorbike following me and PJ in the HYDRA van, do you remember what happened after the goon ripped out my tracker?”
Only Natasha and the prisoner were in the room. It was a bedroom, but the prisoner was tied to the desk chair, the burlap sack still over his head. Natasha barely blinked at them coming in and lightly kicked a leg of the chair.
“Oh, god, they’re like horny treefrogs,” Clint’s voice said from down the hallway, causing them to jump apart, “Just
He recognized the crack in the voice and tensed, not moving his face from Rhodey’s shoulder. He immediately sucked his sobs back in, trying to be as quiet as possible, like prey around its predator. Rhodey shifted the sheets up as best as he could to cover him, hushing him quietly before turning to the party.
“Why? Even Bruce could sit on him,” Tony snorted, “Why does he even care? And wh—wait. Holy shit, Bucky, what
“Do you have a name I can call you?” Tony asked once they were well into their travel, feeling more comfortable with the man next to him, “I am Tony, and this one is Peter.”
The voice close to his left ear made Tony jump and squeak in surprise, clapping his hands over his mouth to try and stuff the noise back in. He turned, having to look up at the boy who scared him. No bigger than a popsicle stick—at least, in Tony’s mind—the boy had blond hair that fell into his eyes, causing him to constantly brush it away. He was wearing suspenders, which Tony was proud to say he knew how to say
Putting on his best puppy dog eyes, Tony let his lower lip jut out slightly and tilted his head down, blinking his long eyelashes at Bruce.
Tony reached into his shirt and pulled out his stolen family crest, throwing it at the Prime carelessly. A wash of fearful pheromones doused the room, but no one moved to protect the Prime. Instead, the man easily grabbed it out of the air and looked at it, his face paling under the warpaint as he ran his thumb over the jeweled object. He looked up at Thor and spoke again, handing the crest off to the Alpha to his left.
Tony grinned at Steve’s breathy whines and moved onto three fingers. His arm felt tired from working the Alpha open; no doubt the man’s strength helped to keep his ass tight, but Tony eventually made him loose enough that he could easily slip his fingers in and out.
“Oh, sorry, your highness,” Tony laughed, brushing back PJ’s locks, “We should probably think about moving anyway, darling. I need to get you back to the Tower.”
Tony whimpered and flailed his hand around until he grabbed onto Steve’s hand, clutching at it for comfort. He received a squeeze in return, helping him to relax. A warmth that felt like cupping a warm mug blossomed in his chest and Tony went boneless, rolling his head to the side to give Steve what he hoped was a confused look.
Bruce slowly slid his gaze over to Tony and made eye contact with him for a few seconds before returning to taking measurements.
“Wow. Impressive,” Tony said instead, tugging on his cuffs to make him jingle, “Think you could let me out?”
“I’ll feed him,” Natasha said gently, “Clint has cheerios in the house and I’m sure Scott won’t mind sharing some of Cassie’s juice that he keeps around. You go check on Steve and find PJ clothes.”
The woman frowned and spoke over his shoulder to Steve, who laughed and answered her. Her mouth formed a silent ‘o’ and she nodded, then tugged on Tony’s arm, guiding the small group to her stall. Tony turned to look at Steve, but the Alpha was unperturbed as he carried on a conversation with the woman.
Tony started up his breathing exercises, mentally counting through them as he tried to keep himself calm, attempting to come to terms with the news and the surprisingly comforting weight on his hand.
“Yeah, yeah, of course,” Tony gushed, his Omega fluttering in happiness in his chest at even a slight bit of approval from an Alpha,
The two looked at each other until Bucky cast his glance away, lips twitching slightly in annoyance.
“Okay. So, here’s the game plan,” he said, moving to tidy up the lab, “Natasha will hopefully have a shirt for us soon to put the kid into, or JARVIS will have clothes sent here. Once PJ is dressed, I’m hoping by that point he will have woken up, and we can try our best to get him to understand what’s going on. I’m really,
“Team exercise successful, Sir,” she said into the device in her sleeve, allowing herself one skip in her step.
“Exactly!... Exactly,” Steve said, much quieter the second time, “We…we were okay. But we weren’t us.”
“Clothes. Then we can go run. I’ll even take you to a special level where Papa and I go to run around,” Tony said, making a mental note to add a park scene to their holodeck, “Okay?”
“Hell yeah I could,” Tony murmured, smirking at Rhodey’s pained look, “Yeah, you walked into that one.”
He took his hand and squeezed it, stopping Tony so he could lean in to kiss him. Tony eagerly moaned into it, letting go of Steve’s hand so he could run his hand up under Steve’s shirt to cup his pec. He grinned and thumbed his nipple, noting the hitch in Steve’s breath.
The Alpha seemed to understand and put the cloak back, closing the trunk and shoving it back into his closet. He motioned for Tony to follow him and headed out the door, pausing to make sure he was being followed.
Tony giggled and peeked over Bruce’s shoulder at Steve, biting back a full-on laugh at Steve’s sheepish look.
He capped the full thermos and set it aside, moving around to Steve’s front to shush him. Steve moaned and fell forward to lean against him, panting heavily from exertion.
“We ended things, by the way. We never actually became official, never got past first base, nothing. She left for England, said I was nice and all, but that I needed to get my head out of my ass and that she’d send me her address for letters.”
“I don’t know how to tell him, Buck. We have to. We have to tell him everything from the beginning. I’m sick and
“You doing okay?” He asked, wringing his hands in his lap, “I mean, of course you’re not, this is probably weird and strange and if I were you, I’d be extremely anxious and—”
After a quick translation to Steve, he bolted from the room, no doubt uncomfortable from the scene they made. Tony was uncomfortable too; he knew he needed to talk to Steve about boundaries and finding roundabout ways to achieve what he wanted. Regardless of being the Prime Alpha, he definitely was
“Do you have a medical kit in here? I need to clean this,” Tony said, probing around the wound despite Steve’s grunts, “What happened to you? To your braid?”
“If you are going to make a fuss, try not to be too harsh. If Peter starts wailing, Rhodey will come running and I do not want him to know that I am feeding him like this,” he said quietly, turning his eyes up to meet Steve’s piercing gaze.
, Tony. Have you not done the same to me, standing up to an Alpha to protect your Omega son, regardless of the consequences?”
The thought of Rhodey getting hurt because of him, because he had to run away to this man, broke Tony’s heart. He leaned into Steve and cried into his shirt, but a knock on the doorframe made him jump and gasp.
, I get it, no need to be so jealous, Alpha,” Tony giggled, squealing when Steve tried to bite at his earlobe, “Alright! Not around the baby, not around the
“It’s called a lullaby. We do this for my friend Bruce over there when he’s this big green man,” Tony explained, keeping his palm raised as he watched the wary boy, “It helps him get grounded so he can
Tony gulped and turned to look back at the fire, suddenly feeling very alone on his rock. Sam soon came over with Thor and a clearly exhausted Bruce, followed by Clint and Natasha as they gathered around the fire, idly chatting as the sun began to set. Hours went by without any sign of Steve, to the point that Clint smacked a hand on Tony’s knee, giving him a flat stare.
“Look at you. Already got it dirty and inflamed,” he murmured to himself, wincing as he stood from the bed, “We need to clean that again.”
He held tight to the boy for what felt like hours, not daring to let him go or move them in case he woke the child up. Instead, Tony stared up at the ceiling in the semi-cerulean darkness, silently wishing he had been awake during the transport so he could at least know the right direction to getting topside if they were ever given the chance to escape. Closing his eyes, he tried to imagine the original bunker PJ was found in. If HYDRA was as predictable as they had been in the past, the bunker should have roughly the same layout.
“I know, I know, I will let you eat more in a second,” he murmured when Peter began to cry again, making quick work of putting the baby into a new outfit, “There, all nice and clean. That is so much better, yes? Now you can be warm while you have breakfast. Let me finish getting dressed, then you can have some more, okay?”
tell Barton. He will have a hay day. I need to tell Pepper, but I feel like the more I think about it, the more likely it is that I’m just going to spontaneously combust.”
Natasha squinted at him, then nodded, finishing her cheese and moving onto a sleeve of crackers. That’s what he loved about her; she never got angry at Howard or him, just passively took in the information and helped where he let her. Sure, he knew she got frustrated with him, but he also knew that she was just glad to be helping where Tony wouldn’t even let
“I swear, he is not usually like this. I think being feral made him clingy,” he sighed, looking back at Steve’s still-pouty face.
With a plan in place, Clint went off with his bow and the others set up camp. Tony immediately grabbed a specific object from his pack, at which both Bruce and Rhodey frowned at.
“Do you want me to get him?” Rhodey asked, feeling Tony tense under him, “I mean, if it were me, I’d want to see him. Just to see him hurting. I don’t necessarily
Slowly, the Avengers dispersed, leaving Pepper standing by the side of the room as she watched Tony start to relax. Smiling softly, she padded over to the chair, running her fingers through Tony’s hair once she was close enough.
The boy nodded, sitting up and tugging his elephant into a tight hug. He looked at the door where Steve had walked out, whimpering softly when Tony put a hand on his back.
The boy glanced at Tony and then back to the chair, idly picking at the soft leather. Tony merely watched, not wanting to push him, lest he have an episode. PJ spent a minute or two just touching and poking the chair before finally turning to Tony, eyeing him carefully. Slowly, he reached down, resting a finger on the edge of the arc reactor before looking up at Tony expectantly.
The boy nodded, and with Steve’s help, got himself comfortable in the hospital bed, tucked in next to Tony. His elephant was clutched tight to his chest, nearly taking up as much room as the child was, but Tony paid it no mind, pulling the sheets up over them both.
The ring of Avengers fell quiet as they stared into the fire, the mood suddenly feeling much heavier as their reality set in. They were well and truly stuck in the Savage Land, and even with their small camp, there was no telling how long it would last, considering the highly carnivorous animals that roamed the dark forest. The one that Steve was in alone.
Steve gave an exasperated sigh and rolled his eyes, but his smile was fond. Tony grinned and watched his boyfriend fiddle until it was his turn to go, gently easing himself up off of the chair.
“He is not wrong. My father is a vile beast who cares about nothing but himself,” Tony said, meeting the Prime’s gaze, “That is why I have come here. He fears your legacy and would not risk losing himself. He would rather have a dead son.”
“Yes, I am aware of his proclivities to not wearing armor in the field. None of us approve. It is not only reckless, but it
“Do not worry, my love. I did not forget about you,” he murmured, wiping away the baby’s fussy tears, “Let us see: you have been bathed, napped, fed…is it attention you desire, darling?”
Slowly, Tony moved over to one side of the bed, easily tugging Steve down to lay with him. He smiled when he chose to lay his head on Tony’s stomach, curling half of his body over Tony’s chest and legs. Tony combed his fingers through Steve’s hair and grimaced, flicking the sand off of his fingers and onto the floor.
“Okay, I’m going to go grab a doc. You sit tight,” the nurse finally said, scribbling on her chart, “I’m also going to let the Captain back in if that’s alright.”
Pulling his phone from his pocket, Tony opened the camera application and turned it to the front camera, holding it in front of PJ. Slowly, the boy peeked out of the shirt and at the phone, gasping softly. He rubbed his eyes, blinking at the phone before leaning in more, examining each of his eyes with vigor.
“A front carrier!” he exclaimed, putting his now-free hands on his hips, “Fascinating—I have never seen it done with a single piece of cloth before. We usually make large pockets with straps or use a side sling. Ingenious!”
“It was okay. M’not a theatre kid,” he admitted, glad for the conversation to keep him from thinking, “How ‘bout you?”
A hand lightly smacked his face and Tony scrunched up his nose, peeking open one eye to see Peter kneeling on the bed with one arm outstretched.
“We’ve got your back,” Bucky affirmed, stepping up to place a hand on Steve’s shoulder, “Both of you. You’re not alone in this.”
“We should stop soon,” Rhodey said, “It would do us good to stretch our legs and let the horses drink.”
When Steve stopped speaking, Tony figured he would finally retire for the night, but then something soft and scratchy brushed over his forehead and a creak suggested that Steve had stood and moved away. It took a moment to think of what Steve had done to him, but when the realization hit, he curled up under the furs to hide the shy smile on his face. He had expected Steve’s lips to be hard and chapped, not soft, and the feeling of his short beard had been oddly pleasant on his skin.
Strong hands settled on his shoulders and guided him back to his chair, pushing until he collapsed and sat. A water bottle and granola bar were put in his hands, but he knew that if he ate he’d just throw it back up. After a moment, Bucky’s face came into view, his eyes flicking back and forth, presumably examining each of Steve’s eyes.
found out Steve liked me back, give me a break,” Tony scowled, folding his arms over his chest, “Besides, I’m not exactly the
Clint nodded, and they were left alone. Slowly, Tony started to feed PJ, not wanting the child to accidentally eat too fast or spill his food all over his bed. PJ eagerly ate, his sippy cup drained just after a few bites.
Standing on creaky knees, Tony grunted a few choice words about his age before looking down at PJ, who merely continued to stare at the two on the couch, occasionally flicking his gaze up to Tony. Surprisingly patient, Tony held his palm out, waiting for PJ to hoist himself up onto his feet to carefully lay his palm on Tony’s hand. Once he was steady on his feet, he took his palm away, slowly inching toward the couch. Natasha and Bruce sat still, pretending to stay in conversation as to not accidentally scare the boy; close enough to touch the arm of the couch, PJ looked at the two of them, curiosity overtaking his natural flinch when they looked his way.
feel like death, he can come see you, okay? Jesus, man, give yourself five seconds to recoup. Alright? Pep will kill me if I let you get hurt when I’m actually here to watch you.”
“Away from you?” Tony said in amusement, grinning as Steve’s eyes widened once he realized what he’d said, “But—ah, thank you. I—yeah. I know sometimes I struggle with that whole thing. I’m getting better at it. But it’s good to know that someone’s in my corner.”
“Not good,” Tony murmured, unpeeling an orange and slowly chewing down a few slices, “Worse than usual. Mom let him back into the liquor cabinet since he didn’t bring anyone home for a week.”
Tony managed an affirming noise, dumbly staring at Bucky as the soldier hefted PJ onto his hip and grabbed up the travel bag. PJ watched Tony over his shoulder and waved, and with a tired blink, they were gone, too. He sunk back into the soft pillows on his bed, fumbling for the bed control to lay himself down so he could stare at the ceiling. The soft beeping of the machines around him buzzed in his cranium, but it was nowhere near enough noise to keep him from thinking.
It was only a few seconds before the lock clicked, and Steve smiled, letting himself in. Predictably, Tony was hunched over at his workstation, buried in what looked like wiring. Steve carefully set the box down on the shop futon and went over to him, making his footsteps loud so he would hear him approach. He wrapped his arms around his husband and pressed a kiss behind his ear, feeling how tense he was in his arms.
“You’s supposed to do the dishes after dinner, young man,” Steve was saying, one hand on his hips as he waggled his finger at Bucky’s face.
“Do you not want me?” Tony groaned as he thrust up into his fist, “I saw the hunger in your eyes when you first saw me, you have wanted to mount me since.”
“Sometimes, when Howard became particularly violent, I would experience what my godfather would call ‘episodes’…I lose time. I see things, hear things…hallucinations,” he explained, feeling uncomfortable with Thor and Steve’s gazes on them as Thor quietly translated under his breath, “Eventually it tires me out and it goes away. I… I think Steve’s yelling triggered it, but I am not sure. Only Howard had ever caused it to happen before.”
“No, Thor, people with male genitalia cannot get pregnant,” Coulson sighed, perching himself on a stool at the front of the room, “Pregnancy occurs in the womb, which is part of female genitalia. But that’s
All eyes turned to the babe in Tony’s arms. Even though he was used to a thousand gazes, feeling Pepper’s and Steve’s eyes on him made his reactor suddenly feel a hundred pounds heavier. Attempting to steel himself, Tony nodded, shifting PJ to better hold him.
“Buck probably told you we went to boot camp,” Steve explained, rubbing a hand on the back of his neck, “Kinda…stretched me out a bit.”
Feeling Steve’s eyes on him, Tony couldn’t help but close his eyes, wishing the floor would swallow him whole.
Tony couldn’t help but giggle at that, turning to press his lips against Steve’s forehead as a silent thank-you. He closed his eyes against the swell of emotion that knotted up in his throat, but his body betrayed him and let the tears fall, turning into wracking sobs that made him feel raw and exposed. The arms around him became impossibly tight and it took all of his strength to keep from outright wailing.
“I--I see,” Steve managed, tripping over his own feet in an effort to get closer to Tony, “You--you sound
“I… do not know. I have not thought to ask,” Tony admitted, looking back up at Bucky, “Perhaps we can--”
“Not…not really sure. I left Steve’s side to get Peter a doll,” he answered, shifting the baby so Peter was laying on his chest properly, “He yelled for me. I think he lost me in the crowd and got worried, but when I approached him, he grabbed my arm and dragged me off to yell—”
They stood together for another minute to confirm that Peter was settled; Steve pulled away first, beckoning to Tony to follow him. Obedient, Tony went with him, confused when they ended up back in their bedroom. He wanted to question him, but Steve had already gone into his closet.
Steve nodded, staying still as not to accidentally spook PJ. The boy still had his thumb in his mouth, idly chewing on it while he stared at Sam, Natasha, and Bucky, as if he was attempting to listen in on their conversation. After a beat, Bucky noticed, raising an eyebrow at the boy.
He pressed a kiss to the top of Peter’s head and shushed him as guilt wound its way around his heart and squeezed. Steve must have felt it, as he gathered them both into his arms to draw them closer to his scent. He seemed to work his Alpha magic and Peter’s tears dried up to quiet sniffles.
so after Banner passed on your message. We sent him off to talk to his Lieutenant and he came back to us to ask for this meeting so he could formally apologize to you and ask you for mercy.”
“Idiot,” he cursed in the Southern language, madder at himself for not realizing sooner that Steve was a bit beyond not okay.
Whatever it was, it was bloody. Steve wrenched off what looked like the chest plate in the hopes of getting a pulse, only to gasp at the sight in front of him. An object was embedded in the man’s chest, glowing brightly within the tendrils of scar tissue. Bloodied bandaging covered the skin; Steve feared the worst, but a small hiss of air alerted him to the fact that whoever this was, they were not only alive, but were
“Okay. We’ll make the bed first. Then you can just chill out while I finish setting everything else up,” he decided, putting his hands on his hips as he looked down at the boy, “Sound good? Good.”
“I’m not good at this,” Steve said, his eyes trailing PJ as the boy ran around the room giggling, “At all.”
“What? What is it?” He asked, raising an eyebrow at PJ, “It’s called an arc reactor. It’s a big magnet in my chest. It keeps shrapnel from slipping down into my heart. It’s really important. And it glows.”
“Maybe you guys should go home. I don’t feel so good,” he said quietly, staring at his feet, “Jarvis is still in the kitchen. He can call your parents and stuff.”
They all exchanged looks, but only Bruce had the decency to look ashamed. It infuriated him that they took such a big risk, but he could not dwell on the feeling in case he set off Steve again. Instead, he put a hand on the Prime’s shoulder and guided him back toward their bedroom, ignoring the man’s grabby hands once they were inside with the door closed.
“Time to wake up, darling,” he whispered, smoothing Steve’s hair back, “The faster we eat, the faster you get to bed me.”
. Realizing that he was almost invisible for the first time in his life, Tony teared up, a pained giggle escaping his lips. Steve immediately looked over at him, causing Tony to clear his throat and school his features.
“When the time comes, assuming we do go on the offensive against Stark’s army in the coming spring or summer, Peter will still be an infant. We cannot risk his or Tony’s life by bringing them with us,” she explained.
Unbeta'd. Comments, kudos, and art really appreciated. You can ask me questions over at @avengersasssemble on tumblr.com.
“Now, now, that is not tasty, Peter,” Tony said softly, gently removing the baby’s hand from its mouth, “I bet you’ve been ready to feed for a while, yeah?”
He blinked and nodded, trying to process all that was going on, but his head was fogged and heavy. Thor gave him a smile and gently nudged him toward the Prime, signaling to him to go. Obedient, Tony padded behind the Prime as they exited the throne room, keeping his head up to begin cataloging the layout of the castle. They only walked to the first wooden door, which the Prime opened for him, gesturing for Tony to walk in first. Tony stopped and looked at him; it was odd, to allow the Omega to walk into a room before the Alpha, but in the grand scheme of how the day was going, he decided to let it be and walked in. For the umpteenth time, his mouth fell open, unable to convey his awe at the grandeur of the room.
Steve popped open the door, and not unlike a clown car, all of the children filtered out, making their way up to the door. Unsurprisingly, two maids opened the large oak doors once they were close enough, ushering in the children into the foyer.
Tony rolled his eyes and nodded, ignoring the continuing bickering in favor of paying attention to Peter. The babe had quieted some, but he was still fussing and smacking a tiny hand against Tony’s chest, clearly upset at having his meal interrupted. He squeaked until Tony shifted him and moved him up, petting his soft downy hair as he latched on again.
Sam nodded with a noise of agreement, only to yelp as he was smacked on his arm by Natasha, who walked up in her own angel costume.
“Okay. Thanks, Nat,” he said quietly, shifting his leg away from Clint in case he started bouncing it again.
His heart felt tight, full of unresolved conflict that he was unsure of how to begin to untangle. This new life was already suspiciously comfortable, especially with the terrifying conditions that he had to agree to: becoming a Warlord’s wife, a mother, and whatever else Steve desired of him. Would he become nothing more than a trophy of the conquered, or would he become a bargaining chip against his own people? A shiver ran down his spine at the thought, and before he could pull himself together, he must have begun to scent differently, as Steve stopped them in the hallway and bent down to sniff his neck. Tony yelped and skittered a bit, clutching Peter close and staring back at the Alpha who was clearly as surprised as he was. Steve began to speak to Thor and waved his hands around, gesturing between them.
He could feel Steve’s eyes on him, but he dared not look up, knowing that he would start to cry if he did. The chair creaked and an arm wrapped around his shoulders to draw him in close.
Tony rolled his eyes fondly and tugged the furs up, careful to cover Steve as much as possible to keep him warm. He kissed his head one more time before settling down, letting Steve’s scent lull him to sleep. They dozed the afternoon away, ending up tangled together in the furs when the supper bell rang. Tony picked his head up with a groan, laughing sleepily when he saw Steve’s sleeping face smushed into a pillow.
“I’m calling Maria,” Sarah’s voice butted in, and a warm hand took his own, “Steve and I will come to the hospital with you, okay, love? Don’t worry, everything will be okay, I promise.”
“He wants you to prove it,” Thor said, glaring back at the Prime, “You do not have to, Tony. You are still a guest of mine if you choose to keep your privacy.”
“Oh, nuh uh, nope, no turning our kids against me,” Tony griped in the background over PJ’s excited shriek.
The Warlord turned to the group and spoke quickly, waving his hands as if to direct them. Within minutes, the group had split up, running off into the forest.
“I agree. I wish I’d just let it slip all those years ago. Sure, I’d be in ocean jail, but at least we wouldn’t have to complicate shit when shit was already complicated.”
Tony all but scrambled out of the bath, tripping on his shaky legs and ending up on his hands and knees in the water. Unable to help himself, Steve spread his cheeks and pushed three fingers in again, checking the spread while Tony sobbed in pleasure.
The hologram wavered for a second before Bruce cut the connection, leaving Tony alone in the dark room. Unaware he’d been hyperventilating for most of the conversation, he backed up to a wall and slid down, resting on his haunches as he grounded himself. He took careful, slow breaths, counting the seconds like he was taught until his heart rate was somewhat near normal. Once he felt like he could stand without passing out, Tony slowly picked himself up and dusted off his clothes, straightening himself out with a grunt. He exited the room only to stop in his tracks, seeing Steve sitting in a waiting chair across the hall with PJ sitting in a chair next to him. The boy had the elephant clutched tightly to his chest, thumb in his mouth as he leaned his head on Steve’s arm. Quickly, he noticed Tony, eyes going wide before he slid out of the chair, awkwardly running over to look up at him.
“I, uh, thanks?” he squeaked, “Honey, I don’t know how I feel about you crying over the porno I wrote, so—”
“Good job, kiddo,” Tony praised, ruffling PJ’s hair and making the boy giggle, “You’re getting the hang of it, yeah? Now let’s go make Papa his drink.”
“Tony’s trying to woo me,” Steve repeated with a giggle, biting his lip bashfully as he fell back onto his bed.
“You may have it once your groin and backside are covered properly,” Tony answered, crossing his legs, “Otherwise, you can sit at my feet like a
“Tony? Is everything alright?” Bruce’s calming voice came through the hologram, the scientist’s worried expression flickering at him, “Is something wrong? How is PJ?”
Steve flushed, but didn’t answer, instead turning his attention back to PJ, who had started to snuffle quietly as he clutched at the Captain’s shirt. Reaching over, Tony carefully disentangled the boy’s fingers, letting PJ clutch at his hand instead. Smiling softly, the two sat in companionable silence, watching the child rest.
Peter flailed and grabbed onto Tony’s hand, tiny fingers wrapping around one of his own. Tony cooed and gently stroked Peter’s hands with his thumb, unable to help his smile at the baby’s antics. He looked up to ask Steve to fetch Thor, but he paused, catching the man’s fond gaze. With his cheek propped up on his fist, he looked absolutely smitten with them, only to catch himself and straighten up when Tony caught his eye.
Surprised to hear the emotion in Steve’s voice, Tony felt his neck click as he whipped his head around to stare at the Captain. PJ must have recognized the change in voice as well, as he picked up his head from his elephant, sniffling horribly.
The entire jet was silent for a few seconds, a range of disbelief to nausea on the other Avengers’ faces. Shaking his head, Tony realized he was leaning forward and sat back, not making eye contact with the others.
As if he heard her, PJ made a soft noise before curling in toward Tony’s stomach. Blinking in surprise, Tony sucked in a breath, hastily looking between Pepper and the babe.
“And why in the he—heck would I let you do that?” Tony snapped, only to shush PJ when the boy whined.
“If it helps, I’ll be there to back you up,” Bruce said, rolling back over to them to put a hand on Tony’s arm, “You wanted the responsibility. The kid isn’t going to go anywhere, regardless if Steve decides to be a part of his life or not.”
He peeked down to check on Peter, unable to help a smile at the baby’s sleepy eyes. He was so precious tucked up against his chest, slowly drifting off to sleep as he finished his meal.
Tony shakily sat down on the bed, semi-aware of Thor’s hand attempting to steady his shoulder. He had
“Are you hurt?” She asked Tony, going over to crouch next to him to look at Peter, “What about you? Did the big mean Alpha scare you?”
Of course, Steve merely smiled, patting the bed once more. Tony reached out and carefully laid a hand on his, shaking his head slowly. He pointed to Peter and himself, then rubbed his own stomach and gestured to the door. Thankfully, some things were universal, and it was easy to tell that they wanted food, especially when Tony’s stomach rumbled. He could not help his flush of embarrassment, which darkened when Steve stood and fondly cupped his cheek. The Alpha patted him lightly and then turned to leave with Tony on his heel; together, they walked deeper into the bowels of the castle, eventually turning down into a large dining room, filled with rows of large, long oak tables. Steve guided him toward the head of one of the furthest tables, pulling out the chair and gesturing for Tony to sit. Bewildered once again by the mannerisms, Tony awkwardly nodded and sat, letting Steve push him in.
“Oh, good, my wake-up call,” Tony drawled, wincing as he helped the boy up onto the bed, “Good morning, peaches. Is it morning?”
“Can you go with Nat and eat without me?” He asked, cocking his head to judge the boy’s response, “I need to go get you something better to wear. Can you be without me for a bit?”
“Hey,” he said quietly, slightly relieved when Steve didn’t flinch from him, “I’ve got you, sweetheart. I know—”
“You need to go, Tony,” one whispered, pressing their foreheads together, “We’ll stall as long as we can, but you need to go
Immediately, PJ attached himself to Tony’s side, curling up to him with a sniffle. His tiny hand grabbed tight to Tony’s shirt, shaking a little with the force.
He grabbed Steve’s flailing hand and gave it a quick squeeze, pulling him into the room and kicking the door shut behind him. It took a few minutes, but eventually Tony managed to lead Steve over to his large bed, backing him up until the backs of his legs hit the edge. Steve sat, his hand still firmly stuck over his eyes.
“No,” Steve shook his head, turning to move toward Tony like a cat on the prowl as the other backed up, “You love
Peter broke his thoughts and he opened one eye to look down at the scared little boy. He tried to give his son a comforting smile, but it must have been off as the boy began to whine and fidget.
“JARVIS, run a heat signature scan,” Tony called, lessening his repulsors as he dropped to the ground, “Alright team, into the complex.”
Turning at Steve’s voice, he hummed questioningly, pretending as though there wasn’t an uncomfortable tension in the room.
“You did so good, you did so good honey, you’re so brave,” He whispered, shushing the boy as he went about getting the child dried and into his training pants and pajamas, “Let’s get you tucked into a warm bed with your nice elephant, yeah? Sleep will do you well.”
“You should be alright,” she said after a long silence, packing up the makeup and handing Tony his shirt, “If you sweat a lot, do not let the others touch you, or it will come right off.”
“Friend, are you unwell? Did our cuisine not settle with you? The Prime thinks you look pale,” Thor asked, clearly worried.
Steve laughed at that, lightly squeezing Tony’s hips in affection. He sighed softly, a warm smile twitching up his lips.
“Honey, sweetheart, easy,” Tony soothed, “He can probably feel how nervous you are. Babies are sensitive to that. Plus, you are not holding him right. Shift him up so his head is--yes, like that. Come and sit down, okay?”
“Tony, it’s okay,” Steve said, trying not to giggle too hard, “If its safe, bring him over. I missed him.”
Tony sniffled again, but he nodded, letting Miss Hill take Steve and Bucky back inside. He ran up to the door to watch as Steve and Bucky were stuck in chairs facing opposite corners, clearly unperturbed by their predicament. Those ten minutes were the longest of his life; he ended up picking dandelions with Clint, but he kept glancing over his shoulder to wait for Steve to run back out. Just as he had made a nice, full bouquet of grass stalks and dandelion flowers, Tony turned for the umpteenth time, beaming as he watched Steve dart across the field to him. He let Steve run into him for a hug, happily snuggling into the boy’s warmth for a moment.
“I think so. No fever, just complaining of a stomach ache. What did he have to eat earlier?” Bruce asked.
“Good save,” Steve mumbled from beside them, his head leaning back over the couch with his eye closed.
He reached his hand into the water, feeling his own heartbeat quicken as the water dampened his skin. With a heavy swallow, Tony stepped under the shower and worked himself over with the tiny shampoo bottle and soap first, focusing on his feet to try and keep from panicking any more than he already was. Stepping out from the spray, he sighed, thankful that he at least felt a bit cleaner.
“It was well. I think we had a good time,” Bruce said, accepting a hug from the giant, “I am sad to see you all so dreary and hurt--I want to look all of you over and get a full report of what happened out there.”
His eyes bugged out as he realized what he said, putting his hands on his hips. Clint slowly placed himself between Bucky and Steve, pushing the former toward the door as what Bucky had said started to percolate in the room.
The stalls Steve chose to take him to were quaint and less-overwhelmed than the more popular shops, which Tony was grateful for, as the noise would surely throw Peter in a fit. Instead, Steve guided him to food stalls, paying for various breads and chocolates for him to taste and indulge in. Then, just as he thought he was stuffed full of delicious delicacies and needed to head back to the castle to lie down, Tony spotted one more shop tucked away, gasping when he saw their wares. He immediately abandoned Steve at their latest tasting to go over to the shop, picking up the item he had seen: it was a beautiful cotton doll with thread hair and a soft dress, no bigger than Peter himself. Tony showed it to the baby and smiled when Peter reached up, grabbing at the doll’s arm and holding tight.
Watching the other three go, Tony turned around to face the Widow, nodding toward the coffee pot. She took the hint and poured herself a cup, only to take a flask out from between her breasts and pour half of it into the cup.
“Well, there goes working for today,” he sighed, keeping a hand on PJ’s back to make sure he didn’t fall.
about it. He knew that Steve could easily kill either Rhodey or him if he chose to do so. Plus, since Steve was technically his Alpha now, it would be within his rights to challenge any Alpha that he thought was attempting to take his mate. Did he think Steve would ever actually do it? No, probably not--but the thought of possibly losing Rhodey put a fear into him like nothing else, and he only noticed it when Rhodey physically pulled away from him.
“I’ve got you,” Steve murmured, carefully putting his leg over Tony’s to further entwine them, “They won’t take you from me again. I promise.”
“Did they leave?” He asked, shaking Steve’s head with his shoulder to force him to sit up, “Where did they go?”
“Aunt,” Tony added on, “She always talked about you. You know, before we found you, most of what I knew about you came from her. She always had this—this
“We should probably get up soon anyway. You hungry, fella?” Steve murmured, putting a hand on PJ’s back.
Not wanting to seem rude, Tony quickly shed his knapsack and wineskin, then tucked Peter under his shirt once more and tied him in place with his sash. He placed a hand under the baby’s rump to keep him steady, then nodded to Thor. The giant easily pushed open the doors to the throne room and they stepped through with Tony slightly hiding behind the man. The room was dead silent and the Alphas standing around them stared at him, unblinking and unmoving. Based on their armor and warpaint, it was obvious that they were the other Warlords, most likely in a conference with the Prime. Once Thor began to speak their native tongue, all eyes swept to him, but none of them betrayed any emotion on their faces. Tony held back his whimpers at the overpowering pheromones in the room and forced himself to stand tall, tilting his chin up slightly.
“So, what’re we being sad about?” Tony’s voice drifted over, “I mean, I usually don’t need an excuse to eat ice cream, but this is my second helping today and Bruce’ll kill me if I go through all my lactose pills before new ones come in again.”
No sooner had he settled did Steve and Thor’s faces appear above him, but he refused to acknowledge them. Rather, he rubbed smooth circles on Peter’s back, hoping that the babe would fall asleep and force the others to be quiet, so they would not disturb him. Steve began to talk, and after retreating footsteps, the door closed. Tony assumed it was just the three of them, but he still would not look at Steve, choosing to stare at a spot on the ceiling. Steve spoke again; despite not knowing what the words meant, Tony could hear the disappointment in his voice, curdling his insides as he realized that Steve could easily kill them and bury them without the others knowing—or caring, for that matter.
Carefully, he picked Peter up to hand to Steve, feeling a tug on his heart once he saw his baby happily nestled in Steve’s arms. Peter appeared to be quite small compared to the Warlord, but Steve looked at him with such fondness that it was clear that the babe was safe with him. The tableau vanished as quickly as it came; Steve gently laid Peter down in his crib before going to the bathroom, presumably to find whatever he needed to fix Tony up. He still felt awkward about the whole thing, and by the time Steve came back he had the furs pulled up to his nose in an attempt to hide.
“I shall fetch you something to drink. Doctor Banner has enlisted my help often to watch over his patients,” he said, carefully tucking the bed furs around Tony.
Carefully, he unwound his sash belt and removed the bundle, smiling down at it as he unraveled his treasure. His own eyes blinked back at him, but they were accompanied by a button nose and small, soft lips, between which an equally small thumb was stuck.
Seeing as he was surrounded by three other guards, was wounded, and also carrying PJ, he wisely decided to obey the guards, but kept his head up to look around. He could count steps in his sleep, so Tony was careful to be over-observant, noting that they passed what looked like a medical wing and a storage bay before being led up what could only be described as a grand staircase.
These days, the thoughts about Peter’s growth, his relationship with Steve, and their relationship as a family swallowed Tony’s thoughts. He found himself stripped to his britches and boots in the basement forge room, sweating away while he mindlessly hammered down steel as he thought. Steve and Peter’s relationship blossomed once the Prime climbed over the hill of his initial fear. He doted on the boy--almost too much--and was quick to lavish him with gifts and affection. It was sweet at first, but now that Peter was older and more likely to cause trouble, they had found that the boy would toddle his way to Steve and use his pleading eyes to wriggle his way out of a scolding. And, since it was Tony doing the scolding, it usually worked.
“Yeah! It’s always been like that. Steve gives zero shits about what people think and Tony looks at him like he plucked the moon out of the sky and gave it to him. Y’know, I told him that once, and he told me that wasn’t possible because it would cause a gravitational shift or something-or-another. Steve just told him it was a nice thought, then proceeded to
Thor stopped mid-sentence and stood once Steve approached the table, quickly switching into the Northern language. As he talked, his voice grew more hurried and frantic, as if he was not sure he had enough time to relay his message. Steve barely set their breakfast on the table before nodding and gesturing toward the door, following Thor as they talked amongst themselves. Within an instant, they were gone, leaving Tony and Peter alone in the dining hall. Tony sat there for a moment, blinking at the empty spot where Thor and Steve had just been.
Steve stood up with his next lot of items and began putting them on Tony, starting with leather bracers on his wrists before moving to drape a plain cloak on his back, clasping it around his neck. He stepped back to admire his work, but before he could approve, Peter reached up from Tony’s chest and grabbed onto the tie, tugging on it. Tony squeaked and untangled the baby’s hand, quickly taking off the cloak to hand back to Steve.
is a woman,” Rhodey whistled, easing Tony back once it was just them in the room, “Think you can hook me up?”
He expected Steve to retire as he had, but instead the Alpha blew out the candles except for the one above his drafting desk and sat down there, still completely nude. He reorganized the multitude of papers he had spread about and pulled out a large piece of parchment to work on. Tony watched him carefully dip a quill into a jar of ink and scratch on the parchment, his tongue bit between his teeth as he worked. Whatever he was doing, it must have been important, for the space between his brows was scrunched together in thought.
“You’re a national treasure, God bless America,” Tony called back, snickering at Steve’s groan, “Make sure to feed him something bland. Eggs and toast.”
He spent the next few minutes in a daze, looking over the room as he enjoyed whatever blissful concoction he was being given. It made him feel happy, happier than he’d been in a long time, and he giggled at the thought, turning a smile to the door when it creaked open again. Bucky held the door open, letting in Rhodey and Natasha. They immediately scurried to his bedside to wrap him up in an awkward hug, attempting to treat him gingerly.
“Good work, Widow. Remind me to send them a congratulatory basket of fruit,” Fury’s voice filtered through her earpiece, “And please, for the team’s sake, ask Miss Potts to soundproof Stark’s bedroom. I’m tired of Barton complaining to me.”
“Tell me,” Tony urged, kicking Bucky’s foot again, “I need the hot goss. The four-one-one. The tea. I thought you were going to propose!”
Steve was quiet for a moment, brows furrowed as he nibbled on his lip in thought. He turned to Tony and took both of his hands in his own, squeezing them lightly as he smiled softly.
“Right. And Steve helps with my night terrors,” Tony added, stepping out from around Steve as he placed a hand on the small of the Captain’s back, “You guys do that for each other too, but you don’t see
The Warlord snarled and Tony clamped his mouth shut, the audible clack of his teeth horribly loud in the otherwise silent room. He stared straight ahead and tried to not whimper, but it was proving difficult, especially when Steve scraped his teeth over his glands. It tore a gasp from his throat and he shivered, but his biology had him relax and offer up better access to his throat. Pleased, Steve pulled back to lick his lips and Tony gasped again, this time at seeing how dilated the man’s pupils were.
“No, Papa’s right here,” Steve said as he walked in, slipping an arm around Tony’s waist as he kissed both of them on the cheek, “I was sent to collect you for dinner. Thor roasted a boar and it is just about ready.”
“It’s okay. Though I might not be in the best mind right now, we can continue where we left off,” Tony said, daring to stroke his thumb over the Captain’s knuckles, “It was something about you having a massive crush on me and then avoiding me like the plague, yes?”
Bucky stared at Steve for a moment before carefully standing, grumbling as he followed Rhodey out of the waiting room. Steve watched them go, waiting until he was sure they were out of earshot to slump over and let the tears fall.
PJ immediately zipped up and grabbed onto the fluffy elephant, holding it to his chest tightly with both arms. He snuggled it with a squeal, looking up with starry eyes at Steve. Steve merely put his hand out, to which PJ smacked his hand on top, giggling softly.
Tony nodded and stood, first checking to make sure Peter was still asleep before following Bruce out of the room. Once the door was shut, Bruce pulled him to the side and spoke in low tones.
He turned, and there Steve was, moving into his space, callused and strong hands cupping his jaw before he could so much as get a word out. There was a second where Steve’s thumb stroked his cheekbone, but then he was there, chapped lips pressed against his own, taut and worried and slightly inexperienced, so Tony tilted his head slightly to slot them better together, kissing back to try and ease Steve’s nerves. He moved his hands up Steve’s chest to his shoulders and neck and face, tugging him in despite his need for air; someone groaned, and Tony was pretty sure it was himself, but it made his knees go weak anyway, forcing Steve to move his hands to his waist to keep him standing. Reluctantly, Steve pulled away first, both of them panting heavily as they pressed their foreheads together.
“That’s it. Easy now, Alpha. If you want to take care of your bondmate and your son, you have to not be feral,” Tony explained, wishing that Steve’s eyes did not look so dark and empty, “I need you to come back to me, Steven.”
Rhodey’s face fell and Tony looked away. It made his chest physically ache to not have his mate close by, and he was sure Peter was feeling some of that hurt as well. He tried to push it from his mind and laid on the ground with the babe on his chest, idly rubbing circles onto his back.
Unable to do much else, Tony let out a growl deep in his register, momentarily loosening all the Alphas around him. An Omega parent could easily render an Alpha stunned with a protective growl, so Tony used it to his advantage, ducking under the spears and dashing out from the circle, feet pounding on the grass to get to safety. He’d nearly made it into the forest on the other side of the clearing when a hand came down on his head and stopped him, easily picking him up completely off the ground and turning him around. Tony’s mouth fell open in awe and fear as he stared up at the blond giant in front of him, clad in leather armor and face paint.
He felt even more confused and hurt than before. First, he is bed, then ignored the next morning? Is this how Steve intended on treating him? With a sigh, Tony attempted to shift out of bed, being careful as to not agitate his delicates. Unfortunately, he quickly realized he was feeling no pain at
The last month had been rough; HYDRA was no fool when it came to protecting secrets, and this one had been particularly tough to crack. T’Challa’s contact had been a lifesaver when it came to finding the hidden entrance, but that had been their only stroke of luck the entire mission. That, and leaving with the same number of limbs that they had arrived with, unless he counted Bucky’s metal arm getting partially blown off again. Sure, he’d expected HYDRA to be vigilant, but he’d never seen so many people be willing to use themselves as weapons, some with live bombs strapped to their chests to prevent the team from getting close.
The Prime tilted his head and glanced over at Thor, then asked a question. His voice was sweet but rough, as if he had been woken up for this meeting. He and Thor exchanged a few gruff sentences, then Thor turned to Tony.
smart mouth your teacher. Miss Hill is very nice,” she said with a smile, standing and carding her manicured fingers through his hair, “Bye, love.”
“Uh, Colonel Rhodes told me to crush up some ibuprofen and put it in your food so you’d take it,” he explained, his cheeks flushing as he looked down at his feet, “I wasn’t too keen on the idea, but he said you can be stubborn when it comes to medication, and I didn’t want you to be hurting if we could alleviate it.”
Steve nearly bent Tony in half in order to lean down, but Tony did not care as he could finally nibble at Steve’s scent glands. All it took was for Steve to nudge his sweet spot and stars exploded in Tony’s eyes as he came and bit into Steve’s glands, immediately tasting blood. Steve cried out in pain and bit Tony back, feeling his knot begin to swell. He heard Tony gasp, but he pushed in as deep as he could, locking them together. He shuddered and collapsed down onto his forearms, twitching as he came over and over again.
“Banner is very unsure of accepting his green half. Which, of course, is understandable, but the constant whining instead of letting go and pummeling his enemies can become tiresome. Not to mention it can get us killed.”
“We should be arriving shortly,” Thor said in the Southern language, smiling at Tony, “Do not be afraid. I will speak true, friend.”
“Would he even let you? He seems like the kind of Alpha with a stick so far up his ass that there’s no room for yours,” Rhodey said, putting Peter to his chest and covering his small ear with his hand, “I doubt that he would willingly present for you.”
“Shit,” he mumbled under his breath, looking sadly down at PJ, who was decidedly awake and seemed confused himself, “Don’t repeat that. They’ll kill me if you start saying bad words.”
. He cried and wailed until he was red in the face, turned away from feeding, and wriggled during dressing, frustrating Tony to the point that he wished Steve had been home to work his magic to help settle the baby.
Tony winced as she got up from the bed, remembering the horse head he had received that last time Thor brought gifts.
“Jesus, Stark, let me think,” Natasha muttered, looking at the scattered papers around the room, “If it survived this long without dying, it can survive a little longer while we figure out what it
In an effort to keep from leaking his slick onto the bed, Tony shifted slightly, only to have the bed creak underneath him. He stilled and a chill swept down his spine; when he finally forced himself to look up at Steve, the Alpha was looking back at him, an amused smirk on his face. Embarrassment no doubt turned his cheeks a bright red and he made to duck under the furs, but Steve cleared his throat and held a hand out to him, beckoning him over. Tony swallowed his pride and slid out of the bed to pad over to Steve, awkwardly hovering next to him. The Alpha took his hand and tugged, putting his knee under him so Tony could perch on his lap. A sickening squelch resounded as his ass hit Steve’s leg and Tony froze again, suddenly aware of the Omega underwear he was wearing and that it was most likely wet from his slick.
PJ stared at Tony, his doe eyes blinking rapidly as he attempted to process the information. He hurriedly pushed at Tony’s chest, scrambling out of his lap before running to the middle of the room, only to stop once he saw Thor, Scott, Clint, and Pepper all watching him. There was a beat of silence before he broke out into a large wail, shuddering as he dropped to his backside. The sound made Bruce clap his hands over his ears, so he stood and made to leave the room. Tony quickly grabbed his arm and forced him back down, leveling him with a look. Quietly, he swallowed the anxiety bubbling in his chest, tentatively creeping over to the child once the wailing subsided to a steady sob.
Thor’s brows scrunched and he quickly said something to Steve, who turned and gave Tony an equally quizzical look.
Steve hummed and rested a hand over the small of Tony’s back, occasionally letting it slip down to grope the man’s ass. Tony squeaked each time but he kept moving forward, ducking past tree branches and brush until they came upon the lake. He stopped and gasped as he looked around, taking in the tall waterfall that cascaded into the shimmering body of water and the dense foliage that seemed to encapsulate them in their own little paradise.
Tony rolled his eyes, but nodded, content with the knowledge that he was, for the moment, safe. He nearly was about to drift off when a sudden thought caused him to sit up straight, almost vomiting from the rush of blood.
Tony looked at PJ, and at the boy’s nod, helped him up onto his back to fiercely hold onto him. Despite both vehicles still going way over 80 miles an hour, Tony reached out his hand toward Steve’s gloved one, shaky as he felt blood trickle down his spine from the gash in his neck. He’d barely scraped his fingertips along Steve’s fingers when shots rang out, forcing Tony back into the car and Steve to slam on the brakes. The last thing he saw was Clint yelling as HYDRA agents swarmed the duo before Tony fell back into darkness.
Steve faltered, face morphing into a multitude of emotions, but not offering any verbal response. Instead, he pulled PJ away from his chest and handed him off to Tony, attempting not to look at either of them. From the jolted move, PJ woke up startled, looking up at Tony wide-eyed before screaming, ripping himself away from the brunet’s hold. He fell onto the floor and scrabbled backward, bumping against the bed frame with a soft cry. Tony quickly stood and held fast to Steve’s arm, wrenching him back with a snarl.
“I just…for someone who doesn’t have kids, you know a lot about them, and how to care for them,” He said, shrugging, “I mean, you’ve been attached to him since we got him, so I know you haven’t exactly had the time to read up on it or anything.”
“Steve?” Tony rasped, licking his bloodied lips before coughing and wheezing in pain, only able to manage one more sentence before passing out:
“Yes, darling, I am right here. You are drunk on an unbonded Omega’s pheromones, sweetheart,” Tony said, taking Steve’s hand to squeeze, “It will take a bit for the Alpha reaction to leave your system--let us get that sponge bath done, yes? Then you can see Peter and Bruce, I promise.”
Tony tried to protest, but Bruce grabbed his arm and they were off like a shot at a full gallop toward Ma’atan. Without his charge there to remind him to stay calm, fire lit up his veins. He thought he heard screaming, but did not realize it was coming from his own mouth until Bruce forced Tony’s head into his neck to quiet him down. Since he did not scent of either Alpha or Omega, the scientist in his brain was curious enough to keep him quiet while they rode through back roads to the orange home.
Pepper rolled her eyes and perched herself on a clear spot on his worktable, setting the packet of papers she was holding onto the only other open spot.
“We’ll deal with this later. Right now, you two need to come—you need to follow me,” he said, narrowing his eyes at Clint’s dirty giggle, “Nat and T’Challa have some information you two need to hear. Clint’s going to perch out here for a while.”
“How else would you know all that shit about Steve?” Bucky couldn’t help the words tumbling from his mouth as he turned to them, “Like, come
With a triumphant huff, he pulled out the pants and reached into the right pocket, pulling out a small gold band. He turned to Tony and carefully picked up his left hand, a watery smile threatening to spill over as he slipped on ring onto Tony’s finger.
Hands settled on his waist and pulled him back; Steve readjusted them so Tony could sit back more comfortably with Peter and wrapped an arm around them to hold them steady. He motioned to Thor, who clapped his hands to silence the room. Nervous, Tony watched him speak to the room, doing his best to not shrink when the others all suddenly looked at him. It was difficult to not feel awkward when he could not understand what Thor was saying about him, but the linguist pulled down the castle map from the wall and laid it on the table, seemingly oblivious to his discomfort.
“Alright, last one before we call your husbands back in. What would your spouse request as a last meal? James?”
“My plan was a flying suit that also had working flamethrowers,” Tony corrected, grinning at Steve’s fond sigh, “It
They exchanged a few soft kisses until Tony had to pull away with a soft whine, unable to look away from Steve’s plump and red lips.
Steve seemed to consider this and nodded, shifting his hips with a groan. He sighed and continued moving until he could glacially slide out, careful to not injure Tony any more than he might have. Finally, he collapsed onto his side of the bed, grabbing Tony’s hand to squeeze before promptly falling asleep. Tony looked over at him and sighed, unable to help a soft giggle.
Tony choked a laugh, so Steve claimed a victory point; as long as he kept Tony laughing, everything would be okay.
The question lingered in the air for a moment as Steve ran his hands up and down Tony’s back, trying to help the other relax.
“He is already growing so fast,” Sam said from where he was stretching, “Soon we will have to lock all the doors and cover all the tables as he learns to walk.”
“Both of you are in time out,” Miss Hill said to Steve and Bucky, ushering them back inside, “Let’s go, you two.”
He could not help but smile at Steve’s beaming grin, picking up another piece of meat to feed him. Together, they went through the rest of the plate, leaving Tony feeling warm and dizzy from Steve’s tongue gently cleaning his fingers. The moment was broken by Peter whimpering on his shoulder, using his little feet to kick at Tony’s stomach to convey his displeasure. Tony laughed softly and carefully moved the baby back down to nestle in his arms, brushing his nose over Peter’s face to try and calm him down.
being called his last name, Tony looked down at the boy for a few silent beats, watching his even breaths.
“You knew that this is what was making me hurt,” He accused fondly, “My smart boy, putting up a fuss to try and help his father, hm?”
Finding his favorite, Tony quickly scarfed down the food, humming to himself as he set up a new pot of coffee. Just as he sat himself down on the kitchen counter, JARVIS came over the intercom.
“Hey, hey, hey. Easy. I am here,” Tony said quickly, putting his hand back on Steve’s stomach, “You have to calm down. Your people need their Prime, Steve.”
“Sorry, I wanted to let you sleep in,” Tony apologized, patting the hand that rested on his right cheek, “Peter needed me…”
“Hey! Nice work, baby,” Steve cooed, pulling Tony over by the zipper to get a better angle for kissing the side of his lips, “See? I told you that you were getting much better. You’ll be back to welding in no time.”
Peter nibbled on his hand and kicked his legs a little, blinking his large brown eyes at Bruce. Tony kissed the babe’s cheek and patted his belly, then eased his hand out of his mouth and cleaned up the spittle.
“He…Steve. Want Steve,” Tony slurred, suddenly feeling a lot older and a lot more tired as Bucky shifted him around on the bed, “Kid. Kid want Steve. Needs to be watched.”
“No. These are the files Natasha recovered,” the scientist answered, “Steve decided we should all read them to get caught up.”
“Yeah, kiddo. Papa’s taking some of the family out for a trip. They won’t be back for a bit, so we say bye-bye when they leave.”
Steve nodded jerkily, and with Bucky’s help, stood up in the sand, carrying Tony bridal-style in his arms. They moved together toward the approaching helicopter, shielding themselves and Tony from the incoming onslaught of blown sand. With the help of the medics, they managed to get Tony strapped to a spinal board, hefting him and themselves onto the copter for extraction. Steve trusted his team and SHIELD to take care of the crash site, allowing him to fully focus on his husband, looking a little more lifeless with each passing second. He gently took Tony’s hand and squeezed it, only to be interrupted by someone clearing their throat.
Steve gave him a weak smile and nodded, starting to push Tony down toward the garage. He chose one of Tony’s favorite Audis to take, first helping Tony into the passenger seat before tossing the folded-up chair in the back. He slid into the driver’s seat and turned on the car, looking over to try and give Tony a comforting smile. As soon as he met Tony’s concerned eyes, Steve burst into a heaving sob, easily moving when Tony pulled him across the median with one arm.
Tony sighed in relief and threw his pen down, moving the papers to a spot on the table where they wouldn’t be in the way. He swiveled around in his chair, pulling down his sweatshirt sleeves at the last second to cover up where he’d tugged out his IV. Finally, the workshop doors slid open, revealing Steve with PJ leaning against his chest, clearly exhausted.
Letting that juicy thought sit in his forebrain, Tony closed his eyes, attempting to at least try to sleep so he would be rested for the transfer. Figuring that the others had been gone awhile before he was even taken, they probably weren’t close to his location, and thus the next few hours could be vital for resting for when the inevitable breakout happened. That is, if they managed to get into wherever the hell he was to break them out.
He thought he was dreaming, but when he cracked open his eyes again, he watched two heels disappear outside the door, leaving him trapped in his liquid confines. As realization set in, he screamed soundlessly, hanging in suspended animation to wait for someone,
“If—damn, I can’t believe I’m saying this—if you want to try this, we can try this,” Tony said gently, “I can’t promise you anything, but god, Steve, if you have feelings back, I’m not about to keep denying myself you. I’ve killed myself over it long enough.”
He gently licked at Steve’s bleeding bondmark and kissed it lightly, loving how Steve shivered and jolted as he rode out his knot. He sighed happily and nuzzled Steve’s cheek, careful to not hit his nose.
Tony rolled his eyes and smacked Steve’s hands to get him to release, heading over to PJ to inspect the problem. The boy merely pointed at the sink, reaching his hands up toward Tony with a whine.
At the threat of Pepper, Tony pouted, but sunk back down onto the bed, letting Rhodey tsk as he covered the engineer with a blanket.
Thor was spotting a black eye and gripped his reins with one hand instead of two. Clint’s arm was in a sling, and a man with a falcon perched on his shoulder sat behind him, most likely due to losing his mare. Natasha was the only one with her head held high as one jagged cut stretched across her cheek.
“I said, hopefully after the team meeting, we can…talk,” Steve said—and was he shifting nervously?—“This isn’t exactly…the best situation.”
Tony grinned at Steve’s eye roll and laughed. He bounced back and forth on the balls of his feet to ready himself for his partner’s first strike.
“Yeah, of course,” Steve interrupted, trying to prevent PJ from scrambling up onto the bed, “C’mon, kid. Let’s give Daddy a little bit of privacy for a second, hm?”
“You look like shit,” Tony said, having to bite back his smile from how proud he was of his friends.
By the time Steve returned with his arms laden with clothing, Tony had gingerly sat down on the bed, trying to rest his aching feet. He leaped up as soon as Steve walked in, but the man snorted and rolled his eyes, gesturing at him to sit back down. Slowly, Tony sat, watching as Steve dumped the clothes on the bed and began to rifle through them. He found what he was looking for near the bottom of the pile and held it up for Tony to judge. It was a light pink infant gown with an embroidered hem and matching undergarments; Tony could not hold in his sharp breath, eyes going wide at the gesture. He carefully reached out and took the offering from Steve, swearing that his skin tingled when he brushed up against Steve’s hand.
“Shhh, my love. Let me take care of you,” Steve managed, forcibly stomping down the primal urge to claim Tony right there, “We should wash off the day first.”
“Well done, my love,” he murmured, wrapping one arm around Steve and raising the other so he could pet Steve’s hair, “Communication is not so bad, right? And we did not even need Thor this time.”
Tony slid his eyes over to glance at Thor and Bucky, then back to Natasha, who was quietly handing each of them small pieces of cardstock and a marker.
“Peter,” he murmured, lightly brushing the child’s face with the pad of his index finger, “Strong. You’d have to be that to be my kid, huh?”
After a quarter of an hour, JARVIS’ voice cut through the silence, “Sir, Captain Rogers is approaching the lab with the child.”
Steve sighed and rolled his eyes, but he made no move to take the ice cream back, figuring Tony was just as territorial about food as he was with everything else. He crossed his arms and scooted down a bit, propping up his feet to try and disguise his pout, considering that his treat had been unfairly stolen.
“Any minute,” Nat answered, now seated on the windowsill, “Why don’t you give him to Steve? He produces a lot of body heat. He can keep the kid warm until the Avengejet gets here.”
He turned back onto his side to face the baby, feeling some relief that the child was asleep. After seeing the look on Bruce’s face that morning, he knew the man had been up all night with Peter, which meant Peter had
“Steve, kneel down,” Tony asked quietly, resisting the urge to pull the boy into a hug and carry him off, “You’re looming over him, at this height.”
Steve tilted his head and looked confused, but Tony knew better than to try and play the man’s games; he settled back down on the bed and readjusted Peter, determined to not slip up again and give the other the benefit of his noises. Peter nestled up into the crook of his neck and huffed, a sure sign that the babe was tired after his meal and was close to falling asleep. He was starting to feel the effects of the meal himself, and he let his eyes drift shut, but that made him concentrate on the warmth spreading over the sole of his foot, gently loosening up the tense muscle.
“My, Anthony, you sure have collected quite a few friends, haven’t you?” She teased, “It’s lovely to meet those of you that I haven’t met before.”
of Steve’s footsteps up the stairs brought him running to the doorway. He looked between the two of them before visibly relaxing, seeing no immediate danger.
Tony shook his head and stripped out of his hoodie, pointedly walking forward to avoid the mess on the floor. He headed over to the emergency laundry chute and threw the hoodie and his shirt down it, turning around with a sigh. Steve was gone, presumably to take PJ upstairs to get checked out. Taking a few minutes, Tony quickly cleaned up the mess, noting that it was oddly orange in color. He thoroughly washed his hands and headed up to his floor, wishing he could take a shower first.
Hearing footsteps now, Tony decided to fuck it, and started to sprint, calculating the distance from his position to not only the Tower, but the radius from it with which JARVIS could detect his position even without his watch—
“Tony,” Natasha said patiently, “Perhaps it would be best for SHIELD to care for him for the time being. You don’t exactly have any experience in parenting, let alone parenting a traumatized, abused child that’s been in captivity—”
“Hey, it’s okay, I know you’re really scared,” He murmured, sitting down fully to stretch out his legs, “It’s okay to cry. No one’s going to hurt you. Not ever again. I promise. I’ll do my best to protect you, even if you don’t really get what that means right now. I’m not really sure what I’m doing, so… I guess we’ll figure this out.”
“Stop,” he chastised himself aloud, shaking his head as he grimaced at the floor, “None of that, Stark. This is no time for wallowing.”
“Right. Our kid. Okay. I sense—I sense something that sounds like an emotional conversation and I’m going to avoid it by walking away—”
“Hey, honey bear,” Tony said softly, unable to help his grin once Rhodey noticed him, “How are you?”
“No one’s going to get us, Captain tight—uh, just take your shoes off and get in,” He said, biting down on his curse, “Please?”
“This is where we store our armor and weapons… at least, the extra ones. The Warlords usually carry their regular weaponry on themselves at all times,” Bruce explained, “It looks a little empty right now due to them being away on a mission.”
“No, they’re definitely HYDRA,” the archer replied, barely looking as he used his arrows as melee weapons, “I meant, are we sure this is just an outpost? Most outposts only have twenty-some foot soldiers. Never this much artillery—”
Natasha put her hands over her ears as the room descended into chaos. Bucky tried to leap at Tony, but Steve stepped forward in time to catch him, giving Tony time to duck behind him.
“Up and at ‘em, Stark. Zola wants to see you. Bring the subject,” the lackey said, hefting his weapon in his hands, “Move.”
“Fucking dumb,” he grunted to himself as his pen flew over the packets, pushing them into the arms of the nearest nurse once he was done.
“Leave your things out here. The others are wary around carried objects brought near our Prime,” Thor explained, pointing to the floor outside the throne room doors, “Perhaps you should tuck the young one away? The noise may be too much for him.”
“Hey there, little green. You did good today,” He commented, grunting as he sat down next to the brunet, “Hulk seemed happy he got some large toys today.”
“I know, I know sweetheart, I know,” Tony whispered, feeling their bond ache, “It will all be okay soon. I promise.”
He shifted a bit so he could nestle his head to the side, allowing him to see Peter’s face. The babe was fast asleep, most likely exhausted by all the commotion. Content, Tony let his own eyes drift shut, only to open them seconds later when two faint knocks sounded at the door. He looked up to see the door silently creak open and a familiar head poked in, showing only Steve’s hair and his worried eyes. Tony barely made eye contact and the Prime’s gaze dropped to the floor; he shuffled in without looking up, scooting over to his bed to grab the tray Thor had brought in earlier. Tony waited for some sort of acknowledgment, but Steve remained silent and submissive in his body language, quickly exiting the room and closing the door again.
“Young master Tony,” Jarvis greeted, smiling as the boy ran up to him, “Are these all of your friends?”
PJ inched a little closer to Tony as he giggled again, shyly ducking his head so he looked up at Steve through long lashes. Smiling, Steve reached over as if to ruffle his hair, only to have PJ shrink back, his face quickly screwing up as if to cry again. Steve immediately retracted, a flash of hurt crossing his face.
PJ stood on trembling legs and threw himself into Tony’s chest, one of his tiny hands pressed against the arc reactor. Before he could fall over from the shifting weight, Steve’s hand came up to his back, holding him in place as he gently wrapped his arms around the boy. Steve easily curled himself around them both, creating a makeshift cocoon for them.
,” Natasha’s voice hissed lowly, “Look, both of them are finally sleeping after the horror you put them through--”
“We cannot stop. We need to push on until we get to Pepper,” Clint countered, “If he faints, we can tie him to Bruce.”
“That’s it, darling. You’re okay. We’ve got you,” he murmured, stroking the back of his hand down the babe’s cheek, “We’re right here. You’re safe and warm, we got you.”
Steve’s voice pulled him out of his thoughts, making him shake his head to try and bring himself back to the present.
“Of course,” he answered, “I’m not about to leave him alone again, and you pulling him away from me for less than a minute made him go berserk. I’m okay with co-sleeping for the time being. He has a pull-up on, right? It’s fine.”
“Oh, knock it off, Captain Tightpants, I was going to apologize, but apparently you’d rather start a fight,” Tony shot back, raising an eyebrow, “But I’m not doing that, either, since you have PJ with you. If you want to get into a screaming match, it’ll have to wait.”
Tony watched as Steve waited patiently, wary of the other boy as he opened up his backpack and took out a book, clutching it to his chest. With a nod, Steve led Tony over to one of the tables, making sure he was seated okay before sitting down himself and spreading out his art supplies. Tony tried to open up his book and keep reading about Geronimo Stilton, but the gentle scratching of Steve’s pencil on paper kept him distracted. Mesmerized, Tony watched as Steve sketched out, inked, and colored a big, red robot, giving it yellow accents and big, blue eyes. Eventually, Steve looked up and caught Tony staring; he blushed at being caught, mumbled an apology and looked away.
“Enough! Breaking his spine will not improve his skills, Steve,” Bucky interrupted, “When I say I want a clean fight, I mean it.”
“Well, we’ve got a few weeks to find one. And to decide if we want to keep this as our secret. If we do, I’ll have to break out my dog tag chains for you to wear,” Steve said, slipping a hand onto Tony’s hip to squeeze lightly, “Ready?”
“What happened, little rabbit? Did he say something to hurt you?” Steve asked, cupping Tony’s cheek and turning him up to look at him.
“I don’t want you to go,” he eventually whispered sadly, biting the inside of his cheek to keep from crying in front of strangers in an isolated area.
DNA together and it will work, but not male!” Tony sputtered, waving his hand at the boy, “And look! He—”
The ride up to the common area was quiet, but the silence was, for once, welcome. Tony took the opportunity to try and come up with how he was going to explain the entire genetic code component to Steve, only to shake it from his head.
He eased his hand onto Steve’s shoulder, and when the other didn’t flinch, slowly reached up to pull his hands away from his ears. Carefully, Tony unfolded Steve from his uncomfortable position, not surprised to see the blank look in the other’s eyes.
“He has been such a sweet baby. I have never seen one so docile and easy-going before,” Bruce said, “You really are good to him, you know.”
Standing with a huff, Tony trudged over to PJ’s room, unable to help the tiny smile once he saw that the door had been left open. Peeking in, his smile grew, seeing PJ curled up to his elephant, snuffling in his sleep. Comforted that the boy was at least getting some rest, Tony left to join the others in the living room; he paused upon walking in, realizing that everyone was in attendance, including T’Challa and Vision, both lounging on the couch with Wanda as the group poured over some packets of papers.
“I know, babycakes. Sand just isn’t your thing, huh? Me either. I can’t wait for you to see PJ, we’ve made such good pro—
“I will go first. I want to stalk the perimeter anyway in case there are stragglers looking for us,” Clint sighed as he stood up and stretched, “Try to sleep. I will wake one of you up when I need to switch out.”
Taking the hint, the intern nodded and rifled through a few folders before pulling out the certificate, shakily handing it over with two pens. Tony flashed his trademark smile as he and Steve filled it out together, unable to help giggling like they were about to get caught. Once they pushed it back to the intern, she stumbled off, presumably to go have it approved.
“Hey, hey, it’s okay, we know this is confusing for you, especially since you’re so young,” Tony tried, improvising on his feet like he had never done before, “We—ah, we want to help, okay? Just—please, we need you to not cry, we can’t help if you’re sobbing so loud—hold on, I got you—”
“Unconscious, but breathing. Good pulse, too. They must not have killed him before evacuating,” Natasha replied evenly, making quick work of wrapping the boy in the blanket, “We’ll have to tell—”
“Either way, I was taken aback by the question, but Thor assured me he had a good reply. He said his piece, and then the army charged.”
“Okay, I think this one’s ready, alright? It might hurt to squeeze, so if you need a biter, let me know,” he said out loud, slipping Steve’s nipple between two of his fingers as he picked up the thermos, “Ready?”
Tony groaned in embarrassment as Bucky whooped an ‘I told you so,’ earning grumbles from a few of the others. Steve couldn’t help but laugh, knocking their shoulders together.
As if summoned, the linguist knocked and strode into the room with Steve on his heels, talking animatedly to him in their native tongue. He had Tony’s things with him and he placed them by the door, clearly trying to calm the Prime. Steve seemed distressed, or at the least, extremely confused, but Thor patted his shoulder and waved him off to his drafting desk before approaching Tony.
It was startling to hear such insecurity from an Alpha that, upon meeting, had originally radiated overwhelming power and confidence. He knew he had to be delicate in his response; Tony carefully picked up one of Steve’s hands and rested it over the top of his still healing bonding gland.
warm, so for the moment, Tony allowed it. Together, they walked through the castle foyer and out into the open air, where Tony stopped and looked up into the sky. He took a deep breath, eyes fluttering shut at the smell of a fresh autumn morning, soaking in the warmth of the sun’s rays. It felt good to be outside again.
“You are in too dense of jungle for the flight system to operate on autopilot, and I would not recommend manual mode with the child onboard. I can, however, direct you toward a more open area.”
“The manacles coming out of the wall got both of us pretty good,” Tony admitted, feeling a lot safer with the other Omega around, “I knew he was strong, but to rip that out of the stone…”
With a tiny nod, the boy slipped his tiny hand into Tony’s palm, squeezing his hand tightly. Offering back a weak smile, Tony helped PJ to shed his Captain America pajamas, setting them outside of the shower.
“You—is that not how you feel?” Steve asked, mirroring Tony’s confusion, “You—I mean, we talked a bit, but you seemed to be saying that you just—that you
Tony looked over his shoulder and up at Steve, his honey eyes filled with tears. He sniffled and nodded, a wobbly smile making a small appearance.
“No-one has experience in parenting until they have a child, and given that repertoire, don’t you think I’m the best candidate for relating to the child and helping him cope?” Tony snarled, curling the child closer to his chest.
Still, he didn’t feel like the companionship after that comment, so he dutifully went and plopped himself down next to the fire, poking at it with a stick to keep it going. He watched the various Avengers attending to their own tasks, noting Thor and Bruce’s absence.
“Need a new arm, but Tony’s got one for me back in the lab,” Bucky said next, eyes closed with his head tipped back against the wall, “Burnt real nice along my side; it's already healing. Got grazed on my head, but it checked out.”
“What’s going on?” Tony asked, a bit bewildered as Bruce approached him with his own packet, “News on HYDRA?”
Steve stood with a slouch, keeping his head down as he shuffled out the door. Tony followed behind him, only to pause in the doorway once he saw the three men that had left them hanging around in the hallway.
Their hips ground together and he let out a soft sigh at the heat, moving Steve’s hand into his hair and turning his head to nose at Steve’s cheek. He dared not open his eyes lest he ruin the moment, but the Prime had not moved away, so he took it as an invitation to adjust them as he pleased. It took some shifting and wriggling for him to get comfortable under the new weight; his body was thrumming by the time he finally settled, hard and tense against Steve’s abdomen despite his exhaustion. He wanted to give into it and take the pleasure, even though in his subconscious he knew that once he crossed that line, there was no going back. There was something about physicality that pulled him in, but in the end, he had to admit that he needed the rest. If he still wanted Steve when he woke, he could accept it, since he knew he would be able-minded. Satisfied in his decision, Tony let his mind drift and he went under.
“I really don’t care about that. There were plenty of fellas courting fellas and dames courting dames back then,” Steve snorted, “I—I just—”
The nurse stepped forward with two sets of identical clothing: a white t-shirt, gray sweatpants, and what looked and felt like ballerina slippers.
“Oh, no, no-no. That would be Nat’s job--sorry, Natasha’s job. However, most people we have captured over the years have chosen to stay in the colony. There is a kind of freedom here that you cannot find anywhere else in the world.”
Tony nibbled on his inner cheek for a moment as he thought, managing to put his slippers back on before heading out of the room and down to the first floor.
“I’ll go tell Captain Rogers to meet you down here with PJ,” she said, sliding off the table with grace, “Please try to be nice, okay? Apologize, but keep it G-rated.”
Margaret Carter, who insisted everyone called her Peggy, was a bombshell English girl, all legs and breasts with a no-nonsense attitude and an incredible wit that had the boys drooling and the girls scowling. She wore her hair in victory curls, seemingly stuck in the second World War with her Rosie the Riveter look and glossy red lips. She was
“You’ve always been there for me. Whether or not you knew it,” he said quietly, dropping his hands to his lap, “I just—I wanted you to know that.”
“Thanks, Steve,” Tony murmured once the movie was playing, letting Steve protectively take his hand.
Tony wanted to be stubborn and remain by her side, but he knew what the tired lines under her eyes meant, so he nodded and let go of her hand, so she could go over to the front of the classroom. Looking around, he was entranced by the colors of the room; numbers and letters were strung up in their respective orders across the walls, with posters of what Tony figured were times tables and some basic English. He was already fairly advanced for being almost three years old, so he ignored the call to investigate, instead turning his attention to the other older children already in the room.
“Ah, maybe,” Steve said, shrugging and smiling sheepishly, “Just…when we get back. Can—can we look into some stuff?”
“PJ? Like pajamas?” Clint snorted, twirling an arrow between his fingers before slipping it back into his quiver.
“Yeah, yeah. We get it. We won’t tell everyone that you two finally got your heads out of your respective asses,” Bucky snorted, tilting his head, “Let’s go.”
“No,” Tony mumbled from Steve’s chest, smiling when he laughed deeply, “Okay, maybe a little. I’m ready to go home, for sure.”
His thoughts faltered for a second as he realized that the stash he had brought from home had ended the week prior and he had forgotten to ask Bruce for more.
Bruce held his arms out, and Tony knew he had no resistance to a good forge, so he carefully put Peter in Bruce’s arms, smiling at the baby’s gurgles.
“Fuck,” Tony panted, to which Steve made an agreeing noise, “If I’d have known you’d have been into this, I’d have given you that notebook
“I know you can. Have patience,” Steve soothed, tightening his arm to keep Tony in place, “I want to make sure you are clean and opened up enough. I--”
“Don’t bruise easily. Serum,” Steve panted, smiling dopily at Tony’s pout, “Come back up here. You can give that attention later.”
Tony babbled to PJ through the procedure, eventually sighing in relief as the pressure in his side subsided. The babe gave him a curious look but didn’t say anything, opting instead to slip his thumb into his mouth.
“Okay. Thanks, Brucey bear. I appreciate your help,” Tony said, reaching out to squeeze Bruce’s arm when he moved to leave.
It annoyed him that the others had not included him in whatever was going on, but his stomach’s rumbles took precedence over curiosity. He tried to console Peter in one arm as he furiously ate the breakfast Steve had put before him, groaning in satisfaction after each bite. Really, he had never considered himself one to be too concerned with food outside of necessity, but the Warlords’ cuisine made him look forward to eating more than ever.
The confession startled them both, but Steve quickly recovered and nodded, kissing Tony’s forehead as he took his hand to lead him outside. They found a secluded park bench and sat, Tony immediately choosing to sit in Steve’s lap.
“Hey. He’s okay. He’s a tough bird,” he said gently, moving to place his hands on Steve’s chest, “He’ll be okay.”
Rhodey complained and Steve looked mildly shamed, but Tony ignored them and headed over to Bruce’s table, sitting across from the doctor so his back was to the Alphas. He winked and Bruce smiled, ducking his head in thanks.
Tony left Rhodey’s side to run up to Steve, peeking at the baby in his arms. Fat tears rolled down Peter’s flushed cheeks, but he did not look hurt, only upset.
“Yeah! That was really fun, wasn’t it, peanut butter cup?” Tony laughed, pulling PJ into his lap with a huge grin, “We’ll go again later, sweetheart. After Papa has time to yell at me for saving his—him. Saving
The position was slightly awkward, but he could not move them out of the water yet, since it would have to suffice as their makeshift slick. He started slowly with one finger, easing the burn by distracting Steve with more kisses.
“He’s sleeping, but I doubt he’ll be out for long. The morphine made him talkative, but I doubt he’ll be as open once he’s coming off the meds,” Steve said quietly, nodding to the chairs on the other side of Tony’s bed for the men to sit in, “It’s…it’s bad. We need to talk to Fury, Buck. I want to have words.”
He had just finished up Tony’s other arm when the intercom turned on, announcing their entrance into European airspace and detailing their descent to a hospital in England.
“Nay, brother Banner. I enjoy your silence. Sometimes wisdom is softer than we realize,” Thor laughed, clapping a hand on Bruce’s shoulder before offering a hesitant smile, “However…I think you should be stronger in your relationship with friend Hulk. Hesitancy is the folly of man.”
Left with the mess to clean up, Tony put his hands on his hips, shaking his head fondly. It was a good sign that the child was acting so positive and like a
advice, you are very good at taking care of others,” she answered, taking her clipboard back with a smile, “I should be back in an hour or so to take him down for the scan. You’re welcome to stay here.”
Tony grunted, but scooped PJ back up anyway, feeling a twinge of guilt at constantly shifting the boy around. He followed Natasha back to the common room, watching Bruce attempt to field questions from the Avengers.
He carefully moved Steve over to the rocking chair, helping the Captain sit and shift PJ so he was sitting with the boy curled up against him, seemingly unbothered by the movement. Finding himself tired as well, Tony sat down heavily on the chair’s ottoman, watching as Steve slowly became accustomed to the new charge in his lap.
“Actually, yeah,” Bruce answered, still staring into the microscope as he moved a slide around, “It’s quite fascinating, actually. He
Determined to hold out longer, Tony fisted Steve’s cock once he felt the stirring in their bond begin to pick up. He kept his grip tight enough that Steve’s quickly swelling knot could barely push through, causing the Prime to cry out and thrash on the stone.
Tony heard a door creak, and once the footfalls died away, he cracked open his eyes. His first impulse was to try and sit up, but strong hands were quickly on his shoulders and pushing him back down.
He wanted to protest, but Steve was warm, and the emotions rolling through his gut told him to stay put. Instead of gracing Steve with an answer, he instead plopped his head back down onto his
Steve tilted his head, a flash of unidentifiable emotion flickering over his face for only a second before he nodded.
The figure’s head snapped up, and upon seeing the familiar brown and blue eyes looking back at him, Tony nearly broke down into tears, lifting up his arms. The child dragged himself over and collapsed into Tony’s hold, sobbing deeply into his bruised shoulder.
He guiltily watched as PJ sunk to the floor, his cries dwindling to hiccupped sniffles as exhaustion took him over. Waiting for the boy to finally give into his tiredness, Tony carefully scooted closer to him, keeping himself an arm’s length away, just in case PJ had another episode. He put his palm out, slowly moving it closer to the boy. Looking at Tony with half-lidded eyes, PJ reached his hand out to put back in Tony’s, sticking his other one in his mouth again to chew on.
The Prime tilted his head and pressed an object into Tony’s hand, then pointed at Peter. Tony ran his thumb over the square, nodding when bubbles formed.
It was no secret that Tony didn’t sleep well. Since Father spent a lot of nights up late working in his study or drinking, he tended to be awake late into the night, listening to the sounds of angry rants and shattering glass. So, when presented with the opportunity, Tony nodded and closed his eyes, slowly relaxing against Steve’s rising and falling chest, lured to sleep by his heartbeat.
He quickly scooped Peter up and hurried him over, tucking him in with one of the smaller bed’s furs in the hopes that the scent that lingered would keep him calm. The noises started up again and the door handle rattled; Tony all but threw himself back onto the big bed and dragged the furs over his body, feigning sleep just as the door creaked open.
A small noise from the other room drew his attention away from his reflection. He quickly cleaned up the bathroom then rushed back to Peter’s side, hushing the baby as he lifted him back up to cradle in his arms.
“That’s trademarked,” Tony said, putting on a pot of coffee and setting out mugs before heading over to the small group, “What’ve we got?”
The two went to sit, and Tony looked at the three men left and immediately felt fear crawl up his spine. He locked eyes with Natasha, who merely smirked, winking back at him.
“Alright, class dismissed,” Coulson finally said, starting to erase the whiteboard, “Head to the soccer field after lunch. It’ll be a good warmup for the game after school today.”
“He will always love you, Tony. He may not understand, but he will in time--all he knows now is that his daddy and protector have all but left him alone. You need to comfort him, my love. Even if it is by resting together or just taking a short walk outside.”
“Kisses for my lovely husband,” he murmured, grabbing Steve’s chin to force his head down to make eye contact, “I love you so much, okay? It’s just another step to take. We—we handled stuff before, together. We can do it again. I’m sure of it.”
, you can’t leave,” Tony said hoarsely, blinking through the tears that were already stinging his eyes, “Not—not for six years, I need you
. That’s Mom’s job,” Bucky argued back, arms steadfastly crossed over his chest, “Besides, why doesn’t Tasha do the dishes?”
“Yep. But I told him pet names can only be for one person, so now I’m Daddy, and Steve’s Papa,” He continued, watching a myriad of expressions cross Bruce’s face, “You
“Do you wanna play with me?” Steve asked, turning back to Tony, “Bucky’s playin’ with Sam, and I don’t wanna draw alone. Plus, we can share cubbies!”
“I’m Steven, but you can call me Steve. I like your shirt, red is one of my favorite colors, but Ma says I look better in blue,” the child—Steve—babbled, “Robots are pretty cool too, but Bucky always says that dinosaurs are better. Bucky’s in my class again this year, he’s over there, with the brown hair.”
Tony watched as Steve scampered over to who he presumed was Miss Hill, giggling as the boy started to argue with her, causing the woman to put her hands on her hips and raise her eyebrow at him.
Pepper raised one perfectly shaped eyebrow at that, her other rising to match it when PJ nodded. The elevator opened back up onto his floor, so Tony patted PJ’s back, signaling to the boy to emerge. He let go of Tony’s slacks and ran off toward his room, only tripping once and catching himself before getting there.
Bruce rapidly turned from pink to red, plucking his glasses from his face to clean on his shirt as he muttered to himself. Tony grinned, thoroughly enjoying his friend’s embarrassment.
“C’mon guys, give him a little space,” Steve finally said once he could see Tony getting twitchy, “Let’s get him back to the Tower and we can all hang out.”
“The only survivor in the compound,” he continued, “And the only survivor from the experiment. That is, assuming they didn’t attempt to recreate it in other facilities.”
Steve nodded again and beamed, gently easing Tony up from his lap so he could stand. He ushered Tony over to his bed, holding up the furs for him to crawl back under.
After numerous twisting hallways, they ended up in front of two large, oak doors. Two of the lackeys swung them both open, while the other two jabbed their weapons into Tony’s back to get him to stumble forward into the opulent study. Even Tony was impressed: more by the massive amount of scientific equipment in the room, rather than the sheer wealth and power that the room radiated.
“Yeah. That’s to turn the shower on, and it’ll have varying pressures as you move it up. The one next to it is water temperature. I was going to get you a fancy label-maker so you could label it yourself, but now I’m not so sure,” Tony grumbled, ignoring the squelch noise his shoes made as he started to gather up his tools and pack them away into his toolbox, “If you want more shit, you know where to find me. And if you do that again, I’m letting Barton into your art supplies again.”
“Come with me to get Peter, and then we can all have dinner together,” Tony said, “I am sure that Rhodey will be curious to know how our
Clint set his jaw and led them through a series of twists and turns in the castle, undoubtedly taking them to a secret exit meant for this kind of escape. He and Rhodey readied the horses while Bruce held Peter so Tony could clamber on and then take the babe in his arms. Bruce swung himself up in front, leaving a horse for Rhodey and Clint on either side. It was not ideal, but Bruce did not smell of an Alpha and it allowed Tony a moment of rest as he clung to him and Peter for dear life.
“No, please, I’m fine,” Tony begged, struggling against the arms that held him against the stretcher, “I don’t want to go to the hospital.”
“Wow. I mean, you’re right, it may help, but wow, Tony. I thought the whole telling Steve about Margaret even
“We only ever shared a bed the one time, and the only reason we did is that she went into Heat early, and if she went home, she would bond with… an unsavory individual,” Tony continued bitterly, “I could not let that happen to her. She hid out in the woods in an old cabin I managed to make comfortable, and I visited her every day to help her through the Heat. It was unbearable for her to have someone close but not be fulfilled… I knew that if it was my situation, I would have asked of her the same, so when she asked for my help, I said yes. And, as you know, Omegas are more fertile in heat. Which meant there was a large chance for pregnancy, even with preventative measures.”
“He really is quite upset over the ordeal,” he explained quietly to Tony, “I have known the Prime for many years, and he has never been with another, even in his childhood. He is quite… old-fashioned, in terms of wanting to continue his line with an Omega, but also to be committed to servitude for them. If you would let him, he would wash your feet. Still, his experience with an Omega was, and is, limited. He did not realize that in his attempt to prevent you from becoming more ill that he was crossing a boundary. That does not excuse his actions, but it does provide some explanation for them. He was quite distraught and confused when he came to me and even
. In general, most people are nervous to be around you, just because you have such an expansive personality and light up the room—”
“No, Tony,” Bruce snorted, looking up from his microscope to roll his eyes, “Since we only have an average time, let’s go around two years of age. Height-wise and weight-wise, he’s just under what a normal two-year-old boy should be. And, of course—”
Carefully, he motioned to Steve with Peter, and after a moment of mutual understanding, he slowly transferred the baby to Steve’s arms, positioning his head just right. Tony put out both his hands, making sure Steve was watching him.
“Enhanced super-soldier hearing sucks,” Tony complained back, sliding off the stool to pad over to the group, “And for the record, I usually
“Careful, your age is showing,” Tony murmured into his neck, making him laugh as he trooped over to the elevator to take them up to their floor.
Before he could protest, Tony was pulled in by the women to sit in the circle, sat between who he assumed were the eldest of the matriarchs. The conversation going on flowed right over his head, but based on the women’s smiles, he was more than welcome among them. The woman on his right eventually turned to him and took one of his hands into her gnarled ones, squeezing lightly. Tony tried to understand what she was saying, but eventually, he shook his head, completely lost. Steve’s voice chimed in from behind them and Tony yelped, jumping almost a foot in the air.
resounded in the room, and the room burst into laughter, as a big spitball was now stuck on Fury’s face, in-between his brows. Clint reached his hand back under his desk so Tony fist-bumped him, hiding their smirks in their other hands.
“Steven. Sit up for me, please? You have something to say to Rhodey, right?” He tried, nudging him with his shoulder again.
“Would you like a name?” Tony asked, putting a hand in his own hair to slick his bangs back, “We thought about calling you Peter James. You look like a Peter James. A very fitting name for such a handsome fella. PJ for short, yeah? It’d be easier than constantly saying Peter James or having no name at all. What do you think?”
There was a small cheer—since most of the soccer team was in Tony’s class—but Tony himself was oddly silent. He gathered up his books and slunk out of the room, quickly stuffing everything into his locker before grabbing his lunchbox. Sneaking around Steve, he quickly dashed over to Natasha’s side, following her like a lost puppy down to the most unused bathrooms in the school. As soon as they were inside and Natasha had checked the stalls, Tony locked them in, going to plop himself down in front of her on the floor.
“Thank you,” Tony laughed through tears, reaching up to brush them off of his cheeks, “I will try to keep that in mind. And have no worry--I would not tell on you.”
PJ slightly relaxed at that, returning his thumb to his mouth to suck on. He leaned to peek around Tony, curiosity in his eyes.
“I suppose you are right,” he conceded unhappily, “But I still hate the thought that she is suffering and I am not there to console her. If only I had kept to myself, I--”
“Not at all, Mr. Lang,” Jarvis’ voice filtered through the limo cabin, “If you would all exit the limo, young master Tony will lead you up the house safely.”
Tony raised an eyebrow, tilting his empty tub to show Steve. He shrugged, smirking as he stuck the spoonful of ice cream into his mouth. Steve blinked at that, glancing between Tony and the empty tub.
?” he asked darkly, “Who did this to you? I’ll kill him, Tones, I swear—Me and Clint and Tash, we’ll put him six feet under—”
“His heart’s fine. I think he passed out because he’s so weak, Tony,” he explained, letting Tony re-zip the boy’s hoodie back up, “It wouldn’t be surprising if he’s not ready for activity like that yet. He’s not only been through a lot mentally, but physically as well. He needs time…and patience. He’s going to have copious amounts of energy, but you need to
“I’m putting you on goal,” Richards said, tapping his clipboard, “I want to try out Sam against that new Maximoff boy. He’s supposed to be quite speedy.”
Tony became quiet for a moment, moving the steel around the coals before transferring it to an anvil.
After a second or two of silent staring, Tony nodded and sat up fully, turning his attention back to Peter. He petted the babe’s hair and tried to ease him away, cooing over him as he put him up on his shoulder to pat his back.
Tony let Clint’s babbling turn into white noise, investigating the box of wood blocks in front of him. With his tongue poking out of his mouth, he carefully started to construct a building, using the round pieces as columns for structural integrity and curb appeal. It took a while, but soon Tony had a decent building, resembling something designed by Frank Lloyd Wright.
As soon as she was gone, Tony eyed his liquor cabinet, knowing he had stashed away a few bottles of whiskey for moments when he felt like this. However, with the knowledge that the kid would show up, he pushed down the urge to drink, forcing himself to concentrate on his work instead. Of course, he never could concentrate when he was anxious as all fuck, so he resigned himself to his paperwork, losing himself in the repetitive motion of signing his name over and over again.
“In case an armful of wet, naked child escapes from me,” Tony replied, grinning at the color draining from Steve’s face, “Looks like you’re about to be catching for once in your life, Rogers.”
Tony managed a brittle smile and leaned in to kiss him, hoping to distract the Alpha long enough for him to swallow his nerves. He knew there had to be some truth to all those Warlord rumors, even if Steve admitted that he did not like his role. Senseless violence made him feel sick, and even knowing that someone was sitting in a cell downstairs, possibly afraid for their life, made his stomach churn.
“Look at you, all laid out for me. I should keep you like this--you would like that, would you not? Be my little toy, all stretched and ready for my cock at the end of the day,” Tony said, slipping his thumb past Steve’s rim just to watch it disappear inside, “What would the others think if they know their mighty Prime was just another hungry cockslut, hm?”
We’ve got information from Zola,” Clint answered, leaning forward with his elbows on his knees, “Some good news, some bad news.”
Tony felt heat rise in his cheeks and he made an affirmative noise, craning his neck down so he could kiss Peter’s head.
Peter seemed to perk up at the mention of food, reaching a curious hand up to grab at Tony’s chest. Tony laughed and gently patted his hand as they headed into the bathroom. Careful to not accidentally drop the babe, Tony drew a warm bath and undressed them both, dropping Pete’s soiled clothes and his padded cloth into the corner. He dug around the various cabinets in the room until he found a bar of soap, shushing Pete when the baby tried to grab for it.
“Lady Natasha Romanov. One of the finest Omegas I have ever had the pleasure of fighting alongside. She hails from the East, where she entertained kings and queens in dance while studying advanced hand-to-hand combat. She is what remains of an elite program, earning her the title of the Black Widow.”
going to beat him. He has seen my nudity, he should know how I feel about that,” Tony growled, grabbing Steve’s chin and tilting his head up, “Understand? If you want something, or wish to help, you find someone who speaks my dialect to tell me. We need to
Tony laughed quietly and tucked him back into his neck, kissing his cheek for good measure. He felt good, and the bond felt good, thrumming with happy energy. Things had finally evened out and he could rest easy, but then three knocks had to go and sound on the door.
“I am tired too, love,” Tony agreed, yawning when Peter’s little eyes blinked sleepily, “A quick doze will be good for us, and when you wake up your Papa should be right as rain and ready to give you attention, I
He spent the next three classes engrossed in his plan, having to flip over the paper several times as Steve got curious. With a charming smile, he simply told him he was working on more stuff for Howard, which made Steve raise an eyebrow but stop asking questions. Tony had nearly finished the base biometrics for the type of cloth to use that wouldn’t aggravate Steve’s sensitive skin when a hand reached over his shoulder and plucked the paper out of his hands.
Rhodey laughed as he exited the kitchen, leaving Tony to stare at the plate in front of him. With a thousand jumbled thoughts trying to right themselves in his head, he filled up PJ’s sippy cup with water and grabbed the plate and child utensils to take down to his room. He ended up having to hip-bump the door open, but then Clint was there, taking the food from his hands so he could help PJ sit up in bed.
He had to have noise: sometimes it was blaring music, sometimes it was his own voice, and sometimes it was listening to the people around him.
Steve shook his head and made a disgruntled noise, nudging his nose against Tony’s forehead in protest. Hearing a soft whine between them, both men looked down, seeing PJ pouting up at them.
If it were not for the occasional unpleasant scrape of teeth over his sensitive chest, he could have fallen asleep with Peter attached to him. He languidly petted the babe’s hair and soaked up his warmth until the creak of the bathroom door gave him a moment of focus. Tony easily recognized Steve’s barely-concealed jealousy and beckoned him over, motioning to him to slide behind him. Now, with his bondmate spooned up against his back and his baby in his arms, he was ready to sleep the day away.
“O-okay, yep, this works,” Tony babbled wrapping his legs around Steve as the man ground up against him, “Easy,
“He wasn’t there, inconsistent, Steve,” he mumbled, wishing he could hug the drawing without crumpling it.
“Yes, dear, very warm,” Tony laughed, patting Steve’s arm, “Soon you’ll have your warm suit too, and we can go lay down. Good?”
“Love, our entire relationship is a paradox of cradle robbing. I don’t think me jerking you off because you liked some badly written porn about us is going to make the universe end,” Tony said with a laugh, leaning up to give Steve a slow kiss.
Steve nodded and they pulled apart; Tony gave PJ one last kiss before heading out the door, hurrying down to his own room to nearly throw himself into the shower. He wasn’t expecting anything, and wasn’t really sure if he wanted to start something like that this soon with Steve, but he absolutely wanted Steve to stay the night, so he took the time to make sure his face was cleaned up and his beard was trimmed. Looking into the mirror, Tony winced at the bruising on his naked form, turning around to check out the damage on his back and legs.
“I’ll miss you, Tony. Gonna get here early t’morrow so we can play b’fore math,” Steve declared, not pulling away, “An’ we gonna play house again, okay?”
“Now, don’t touch, it's hot, and it could hurt you,” Tony said, making sure to keep an eye on PJ, “So, once the milk is hot, you add your chocolate. Some people use chocolate chips or bars, but I use a special cocoa powder from Switzerland. It’s the real deal and has to be sifted.”
Tony moved Peter back down to cradle in his arms, kissing the baby’s head as they walked back to the dining room. The others paid them no mind, except when they sat back down, Rhodey immediately put his arm back around Tony and pulled him in.
