“Shhh, you’re okay,” the man murmured. “That’s a good girl.” He then leaned in and bit down hard on the back of Dean’s neck, claiming him.
Dean was shaking as he climbed out of the car, all too aware of what was about to happen. Castiel stopped for a moment and pulled Dean into his arms. “You’re okay, I’ve got you,” he said, rubbing a hand up and down Dean’s back. “I promised I’d take care of you, remember?”
Come ran down Dean’s chin as he was finally pulled off Balthazar and handed over to Gadreel, who quickly pulled him down on his hard and ready cock. Dean sucked it down his throat without hesitation, greedy for the next load to fill his belly, still squirming and moaning as he moved up and down the hard length. The vibrating plug teased him until the knot finally filled his mouth and he settled in again to suckle another knot, swallowing all he was given.
“Very good,” Castiel praised, bending in to give Dean a firm kiss. “From now on when I ask you to introduce yourself to an Alpha, that’s what I want you to say, understand?”
When Benny’s knot finally went down, the Alpha pushed Dean off his softening cock and put him on his feet before pushing the plug back into his hole. Without being asked, Dean turned around and dropped to his knees, taking Benny’s cock in his mouth and cleaning it. When he was done he tucked the alpha’s cock back into his pants before looking up at Benny expectantly.
Dean purred into the Alpha’s skin. “Mmm, yes Alpha. ‘M so full…” His hand rubbed his swollen belly. The slight ache from the last breeding was already fading as his body opened up to accommodate it. There didn’t seem to be a limit to how much he could take.
There was then a small rustling sound in the woods the the south, and Dean’s head swiveled to search for the source. These woods were certainly not without real wolves, but he reminded himself they didn’t attack people. Taking a breath he continued on his way, following the path that took him a little deeper into the forest.
Castiel’s mouth trailed down Dean’s neck. “Such a needy bitch,” he praised between kisses, fingers still working him open.
Castiel looked up at Dean and smiled. “I’m glad to see you’re awake, come here, I have your new outfit.”
Castiel smiled and kissed Dean again, pushing his tongue into the omega’s mouth to slowly explore and claim. Dean moaned in submission and need, whining when Castiel pulled away again.
Dean parted his lips eagerly, and Balthazar thrust his cock down his throat, holding his face still as he fucked his mouth. Gadreel lined his own cock up and shoved it deep into Dean’s ass until his heavy balls smacked against Dean, then pulled back out and slammed back in, immediately jumping to a fast pace. All conscious thought left Dean’s mind as he sunk into the overwhelming mix of pleasure and pain of being so simply used. He loved it, and he was desperately moaning around the cock in his mouth, wanting more, harder, faster.
He made it out the front door and onto the porch before Castiel caught him easily, taking  his arm in one strong hand and a fist full of hair in the other as he dragged him back inside.
Castiel lead Dean to a stunning black and chrome vintage motorcycle. Dean noticed it was a two seater and it had two helmets sitting on it.
Dean flushed, ducking his head in embarrassment. And yet he felt a spark of arousal just knowing he’d be seen in this condition. “Yes, Alpha,” he murmured, face pink and eyes low.
Benny smiled and rubbed Dean’s back, waving Castiel out of the room. “Our sweet little bitch is happy to be so used up, aren’t you sweetheart?”
When Dean woke later that evening, he realized he was curled up on the couch with a pillow under his head and a throw blanket over his naked body. The last thing he remembered was being passed around for another round of knots by the three Alphas, he must have fallen asleep while he was still tied to Gadreel. He’d been so tired he hadn’t even woken when the Alpha pulled out and replaced his plug, because it was clearly in it’s place.
A sweet, rich milk poured into Dean’s mouth, and he was forced to swallow it. It actually tasted pretty good, like a vanilla protein shake. But he continued his protest, refusing to suckle. Only to again have milk flood his mouth, and again he had to swallow.
Dean’s cock twitched involuntarily at the casual way Castiel spoke of his use. He still couldn’t believe that turned him on as much as it did.
“No, you will not,” Castiel agreed, keeping his left hand on the back of Dean’s neck to hold him in place as his right hand came down hard on Dean’s ass with a loud crack.
“Mine,” Castiel growled, reaching out and grabbing Dean’s hair in his hand, tugging on it as he pounded into the omega under him.
Dean was half asleep when he was suddenly grabbed and manhandled back into position, the Alphas easily spinning him around to trade ends. He whined, arching his back and opening his mouth eagerly, ready to be knotted again. This time it was Balthazar who removed the plug and thrust his cock deep into Dean’s ass, while Gadreel fucked his mouth.
Dean whined as the man’s hands raked down his chest, one pushing up under his shirt to find a nipple to twist while the other pushed down the front of his jeans and grabbed his dick. “Yes,” he whimpered, pushing his ass back towards the alpha’s hips. “I’m sorry, Alpha.”
Dean turned on Sam, jabbing a finger in his chest. “How many times do I have to tell you, I don’t want anything to do with any god damn alphas!”
Castiel groaned. “That’s it, my good little fuckhole, you like sucking cock, don’t you?” His hands came down and gripped Dean’s hair, guiding him up and down his shaft.
“You’ve been such a good boy today,” Castiel said, clipping the leash to Dean’s collar. “We want to give you a treat before bed.” He tugged gently on the leash, encouraging Dean to follow.
Dean reached out and unzipped Castiel’s pants, watching with hungry eyes as his mate’s huge cock sprang free of its restraints. With burning cheeks, Dean reached around behind himself and pulled his plug free, setting it down on the hardwood floor before he turned to climb up onto Castiel’s lap. He tucked his face into Castiel’s neck, his bare chest pressed to the Alpha’s clean white dress shirt, then reached under himself to steady his Alpha’s cock as he lowered himself onto it. His own body weight forced him all the way down, and he gasped at the feeling of being so quickly and deeply impaled.
Dean woke several hours later to the soft rustle of fabric. When he opened his eyes, he saw his Alpha laying out items on the foot of the big bed, and the omega was caught off guard by the black leather jacket Castiel was wearing. It was beautiful and sexy, giving the Alpha a dark and mysterious appeal, and Dean could feel his hole eagerly releasing slick. He squirmed a little as he sat up, trying not to be embarrassed by his body’s response. Castiel was his mate, it was okay to want to be fucked by him.
Dean eagerly pulled back, just long enough to unzip Castiel’s pants and pull his cock free, before quickly taking the alpha into his mouth and starting to suck. Castiel groaned, gripping Dean’s hair in his hands as the omega’s expert tongue worked him over. The omega always seemed truly hungry for his cock, and it never ceased to amaze him.
All he wanted was to spend a little time with his omega before the party later that night. There was no better stress relief.
The first thing to hit Dean was the almost overwhelming scent of eight alphas in one room. That would be a little much for any omega, but something was different. One scent seems to stand out, seemed to demand Dean’s attention.
And then Dean had to just sit there, full to the hilt but not being fucked. Dean’s legs dangling off either side of the chair, and he wrapped his arms around his Alpha’s waist. It was a strange feeling, and he realized this really was what it meant to be a cock sleeve, which was both embarrassing and more than a little exciting. His ass twitched eagerly around Castiel’s thick cock.
Castiel grinned at Dean. “Always. Do you know how to be a passenger on a bike?” He picked up one of the helmets and pulled it down over Dean’s head, leaving the visor up.
Dean was horrified as the pleasure grew more intense with each pass, and as he felt the animals massive knot bump against his entrance, he realized where this was going. When the wolf’s knot finally forced its way inside him Dean howled as his orgasm was forced out of him, his body singing to finally have his first knot.
Castiel was vaguely aware of several staff members passing through the sitting room, but he didn’t care what they saw. Dean was here for this purpose, it was only natural.
Dean whimpered, ducking his head at the words. He shivered when the Alpha’s hands were suddenly on him, touching and groping, and then Castiel was kissing him, tongue thrusting in deep to claim his mouth. His hand pushed down the round swell of Dean’s ass and his fingers started to probe at his wet entrance, making him moan into the kiss.
Castiel grinned. “You should be, I was so busy fucking you yesterday I forgot to feed you. Don’t worry, Benny will be up soon and he’ll make us a big breakfast.” He added a little soap to the water before he pushed the washcloth below the water line, gently scrubbing the rest of Dean.
“Yes, about that,” Castiel said, leaning in to press a lingering kiss to Dean’s lips. “You are going to call me
When the last man pulled out, Castiel reached around and pulled up Dean’s jeans. They were soaked through, in the front and the back, and his abused hole was still steadily leaking. Dean’s legs shook as Castiel helped him to his feet, and the alpha had to stand to wrap an arm around him.
Castiel opened the slider door. “He’s doing so well, let’s give him a little time off the leash and see how he does with that.”
“Thank you Alpha.” Dean’s face was still pink, but he leaned back into Benny’s strong chest. The alpha was still dressed, it felt a little strange, but nice all the same.
ask to come. Fuck toys are there to be used by their Alphas. Do you understand? You may speak freely until we’re finished with this conversation.”
Dean eagerly tugged down the zipper of Castiel’s slacks and started to work the alpha’s dick free, and his eyes went wide when the massive cock emerged. A moan escaped Castiel’s lips when he felt the gentle touch of the omega’s hands on his length, gently stroking.
“You want to be fucked by an alpha?” Castiel growled, yanking Dean’s shirt over his head before moving to his pants. He wanted the boy naked,
Benny eagerly stood and grabbed at Dean, leaving his breakfast forgotten. He turned Dean around and bent him over the kitchen counter, pulling the plug out with one hand while the other freed his hard cock. He quickly lined up to Dean’s entrance and slammed inside with no further warning.
“Now you’re a very good bitch, I don’t expect you’ll need to be punished very often. But if you do, you should expect a good spanking.” He reached down to cup Dean’s ass where it pressed against his hips. “You can also always request a punishment, if you feel like you need it or you know you’ve done something bad. Okay?”
All Dean wanted to do was walk around scenting each of the alphas until he could figure out which of them smelled so damn good. There were five men and three women, so Dean figured he could narrow it down to the men, as he wasn’t usually attracted to women.
"Dean?" A tentative voice to his right pulls him up from his anxious thoughts. Cas has leaned a little closer, concern in his eyes. God, they’re beautiful eyes. And the way his hair curls so softly around his ears, Dean finds himself wanting to reach up and touch it.
A wave of anger sweeps through him again. Of course they haven’t been doing anything “indecent” in public. The very idea of the accusation makes his blood boil. He desperately needs to blow off steam, and the easiest way to do that is to share it with Dean, but he won’t see Dean until later tonight. Instead, he moves away from his desk and pulls magic to him. He forms a container between his palms without a second thought, coalescing a ball of water and throwing all his frustration into it.
Dean pushes off the wall again, rubbing at his back with both hands as he turns towards the back door of the club. “Her lifeforce. Different demons like different energies—it’s hard to tell which is which, but I doubt that was a shtriga. Just your average soul-sucker.”
Dean sighs as he heads for the elevators. “They might discuss it, sure. But will anything happen? Unlikely.”
The toast pops and he reaches for it, but as he grabs it a spark jumps from the toaster, burning his fingertips. Dumping the toast on the bench top while cursing loudly, he turns on the the cool water faucet and sticks his stinging fingers into the stream. Is there something wrong with the wiring in his apartment? The toaster shouldn’t be faulty—he’d only bought it recently.
A commotion had started up inside the front door. Castiel quickly placed the tray of crockery on the sideboard and hurried down the hall, his eyes widening at the group of six or seven ladies, all attempting to remove their shawls at once.
Castiel stomps down the stairs in his apartment building, pulling his trench coat over his shoulders as he goes. He had been in his pajamas half an hour ago, just settled in with a glass of scotch to watch some Netflix on his brand new TV, when Missouri had called him to tell him about the alarms in the library going off.
Dean gritted his teeth. John had been a great fisherman in his day—or at least, Dean had thought so as a kid. But the injury while on board the
“It’s not fair to ask me that while you’re touching me,” Dean grumbles, and Castiel withdraws his hand and places it onto the counter instead. Dean misses the weight of his touch immediately, but he’s too proud to retract his statement.
“It’s quite alright, miss,” Dean said to her, releasing Castiel’s hand to step across the dark brown, charred line on the dancefloor that marked where the flaming circle had been. “It was no fault of your own; one of the beasts took me, too, for a while there. If it hadn’t been for Lord Milton and his quick thinking, I believe we’d all have been lost.”
He hadn't intended to bring Dean in here, but as they'd walked over to the forest, he'd found he wanted to show it off. Sure, there's still a chance that Dean and his brother might kill him and take all this for themselves, but when Dean had walked out of the house wearing Castiel’s clothes and that brilliant smile, he'd forgotten all about the possibility of murder.
“If you like that kind of thing, I suppose,” Balthazar said dismissively. “The sun on the continent is better, you know.”
Dean and Castiel both chuckled. Resettling his arm around Castiel’s waist, though it was doubtful that he needed the support any more, Dean inclined his head to their friends. “If you will excuse us, I believe I should ensure that Lord Milton gets to his room in one piece.”
“Castiel, then, if we are to be partnered, like it or not.” Castiel pulled his pocket watch from his waistcoat and took a peek, before sliding it back in. “I am supposed to obtain some kind of initiatory tattoo, I was told, before the end of the day. Would that be on the tour?”
He especially doesn’t like to examine how much he had actually enjoyed the freedom of it. A soul is a burden, even one as tarnished as his.
He frowns to himself as he remembers the moments just before they'd said goodbye, when Castiel had avoided kissing him in public. Dean wouldn't be upset about that, would he? They'd talked about keeping their relationship quiet on campus, purely because there were plenty who looked down on a teacher-student relationship, despite their close ages. He tries to breathe past the tight feeling in his chest as his worry escalates.
“I’m not going anywhere, Cas,” she says, smiling at him. “But even with magic free, this mage bar isn’t really our scene. Here,” she adds, reaching for Castiel’s hand. She quickly gestures over his palm, then lets his hand fall, stepping back to reach out to Anael. They both disappear.
“I wouldn’t involve you if I had another choice,” Anna says, more sharply than she intended. Tension begins to grow between them, silence hanging heavy between their half-empty mugs of tea. “I’ll give you anything else, Castiel. Anything but telling you
Nodding, Christian dipped his head and turned to head that way, not bothering to look back at Dean. The conversation was clearly nothing to him, rolling off his shoulders with ease as he strode through the crowd of party attendees, throwing out a greeting here or there, smiling as if he’d already forgotten.
Joshua nodded as he completed his dramatic pause, and went on. “This is a story of one such young mermaid, who was the youngest daughter of the king. She had the most beautiful voice anyone had ever heard. When she visited the surface after her sixteenth birthday, she saw there a handsome human prince, sailing on one of the humans’ great ships. She couldn’t help but fall in love with him.”
The horse, of course, did not answer, and Dean shook his head at himself in amusement. He was about to see if the Thoroughbred would allow him to approach any closer, when a mighty splash from further down the bank sent both Dean’s and the horse’s heads swinging to the left.
Castiel goes through a few options in his head. there's plenty to do in the orchard, but that would take days, and probably not worth starting. The vegetable garden is in control for now, although there are probably more fall crops he could put in. If Dean and Sam were staying longer, he'd clear the weeds from more of it and plant up a lot more. But, he reminds himself, they’ll be leaving soon, and it will be just him again.
“Mister Novak, I simply must have you send my kitchen the recipe for these biscuits! They never fail to be delicious, every time.”
Sam takes a deep breath and lets it out again through pursed lips. “An epidemiologist. So it’s possible he could know more than anyone about the virus.”
They don’t speak as they settle onto opposite ends of his small kitchen table, steeping their tea bags quietly.
hit that, it would be curtains. He jammed the wheel hard to starboard, Benny helping to push it around. The bowsprit turned, and for a sweet moment, Dean thought they were past.
Cas lifts the hem of Dean's shirt and pulls it over his head, then he stands back, looking Dean up and down.
Castiel can't help but keep looking over towards Anna, still lying unconscious. Worry starts to take over—he hears Victor speaking but the words are muffled, and a chill creeps over his arms and up his neck, making him shiver.
The demon nods once, his gaze hungry. “Unbound, I might walk this realm, feeding on any bright soul. Our days of walking the Earth freely are long gone, though. If I’m to be bound…I cannot do anything without your permission.”
No, that wasn't enough. He needed to make his feelings known, before tomorrow. Today, even. He could not go into uncertainty, possibly even a battle, without asking Dean for his forgiveness, at least.
friends.” Dean’s nodding along encouragingly. He knows all of this, having watched it all go down in his peripheral vision. But if it helps Anael to talk it out, that’s what he’ll do.
Castiel tears his eyes away from Dean to glance as Benny, who stands near them wearing an amused smile.
“The ‘hot one’?” Sam asks, turning Bobby around so he can bounce him a little on his knee. “Yes, Bobby, your Uncle Dean’s got the hots for his teacher, yes he does!”
“Nothing, uh, just thinking…” Dean finishes sliding on his flannel and goes to his boyfriend, slapping his hands always gently and taking over tie duty. “It’s just, the first day of school… This is how we met, remember?”
“Shut up,” Sam muttered, helping himself to the plate of pastries on the table in front of Dean. “Got a meeting at the docks. There's a navigator position on Leahy's ship.”
He scratches the back of his neck, feeling flustered and unsure. He doesn’t want to say the wrong thing and scare Castiel away, but their chemistry at this point is noticeable and something they need to talk about.
“Never be sorry for magic like that,” Castiel whispers. “It was… Dean, you didn’t even cast a spell or a charm. You didn’t say an incantation or use a potion. You just—had the thought and made it happen.” Castiel looks absolutely thunderstruck, and maybe his reaction has some validity to it. Dean’s never done magic before without following some sort of casting process. He hasn’t seen many mages do it, at least not on purpose or in a way they can control.
The gardens of Benedict House were stunning, no doubt about it, and expansive. Dean knew that Castiel would have headed immediately to wherever there were the least people, so he could wrestle with his personal demons in peace. Dean’s chest was tight with upset as he strode through lanes of high hedges, searching. People could be so cruel, he thought hotly, to men like Castiel, if their weakness was discovered. To call it a weakness in the first place was, to Dean’s mind, utterly abhorrent. Telling someone to “pull it together, man!” and continue on with life was a strange form of torture that Dean virulently disapproved of.
“Nah, takes a lot more than that to scare a Winchester,” Dean says boastfully, flashing Cas an exaggerated grin. When Cas meets his eyes, all ocean-blue and full of expectation, the grin turns from impish to charming. Dean knows how to turn on the charisma, and he even tosses Castiel a little wink just for the hell of it, noticing the professor’s cheeks flush red. Dean suddenly thinks about the sex dream he had this morning, and the subsequent and frantic jacking off he’d done while imagining Castiel’s mouth doing some incredible things to his cock, and his clears his throat and looks away, feeling much less in-control of the situation.
“Don’t go,” Castiel begs suddenly, evidently noticing her exit strategy. “I won’t press you for information, okay? Just please, don’t go.”
Dean tried again. "No, I mean I'd go nuts worrying about you. Please. This is me asking you to stay. Last time I was so angry, and I let you go. But not this time. Will you stay?"
Dean gets back to his feet. “Wait, wait. I’m not gonna abandon you to toast, man. Why don't I just come to you? I can pick something up on my way, and we can stay with Claire." He starts packing the things he needs for his last class of the day, already making a mental list of what he’ll need to make his signature burgers. No, that’s too complex to make at Cas’ place. He’ll have to get something else.
“Yes, well, there’s one problem with that, isn’t there?” Castiel tries not to sound resentful as he holds his phone to his ear with his shoulder so he can open the bottle and pour the last of the wine into the glass.
"See? I told you! Didn't I tell you you'd love it?" Charlie proclaims once they've divested themselves of weapons and sojourned to the tavern.
Miss Becky's eyes were alight with curiosity as she curtseyed to Castiel. "Lord Milton? What is afoot? I saw you mention enemy operatives to Monsieur Roche, there. Is there to be an
When the tepid water was done trickling across his shoulders, Dean shook himself like a hound and hopped out of the base of the showerbath, reaching for one of the towels that were stocked ready, folded on the shelf nearby with the soap. Dean wrapped a towel about himself. He was no prude; in different circumstances, Dean was very comfortable with showing any part of his body to a handsome man like Castiel. But being around each other like this, with Castiel innocent of Dean’s base thoughts, felt almost dishonest.
"And you?" His dad leaned forwards, putting his elbows on the table. "You would have had one for what, only a few days before it all went down, right?" At Dean's nod, he continues. "So what're they doin' about it? Are demons answering the summons? You just graduated and you’re out of a job now?"
Meg’s voice brought him back to his own living room for a moment. “I’m moving lower now, down over one of those beautiful hip bones of yours. Follow me, Clarence.”
Dean hummed, kissing a path back up to Castiel’s lips. He sang quietly as he stared into Cas’ eyes, “Just a little rain, oh…” His kiss was surprisingly gentle, but quickly escalated into deeper kisses that tasted like whiskey and something sour…lemon, Castiel thought.
His father no longer wore the starstone crown, and both crown and trident sat in a warded alcove on one side of the room, a spelled nazar hanging above it. He appeared apologetic as he approached Castiel. “I guess I should ask you what the hell were you thinking, making a deal with Crowley? I knew you were interested in the human world, but I had no idea you’d go so far.” He chuckled to himself.
A throat clearing behind him refocuses his attention, and when he glances back at Missouri, she nods towards the demon, her eyes wide. Her message is clear:
Adler turns to the demon. “And welcome, Castiel, was it? I must admit, you’re the first incubus we’ve seen in many years! Isn’t that so, Missouri?”
She adds what Castiel can only describe as an eyelash-flutter and a coy smirk, and he shuffles with discomfort, murmuring, “Hello.”
“No,” Dean interrupted before Sam could go any further. “I know it’s been fucking hard. How do you think I feel, having to see Dad every day after having put his ship at the bottom of the sea?”
“You’re bonded, dummy. In a crazy intense way, too. I’ve never seen anything like it.” She swings the front door open widely, and they’re welcomed in by a gust of warm air. “Somebody should really do a case study on you guys.”
Castiel murmurs an apology and backs away, but not far enough to lose sight of Rosco in the crowded foyer. Rosco doesn’t recognize him, but the fact that he’s here means that the plan is finally going ahead. Chances are that someone has already found Dean—his best bet is to stick with Rosco, and drop his illusion somewhere out of the public eye.
Dean huffed out a sigh before he continued. “Look, all I’m asking is that you eat your fucking lunch. After that I’m gonna go try and find some work, so that I can get us another boat and you can get your money for fucking college. That okay with you?”
“Oh.” Cas closes the distance between them and kisses Dean gently, barely a soft meeting of their lips, with his hand grazing Dean’s jaw. He pulls back again, knowing with a tightness in his chest that he needs to give Dean the option to back out again if he needs to. “Of course, I would love it if you stayed. But Dean, I don’t want you to have to choose between Sam and...and me. You’ve looked after Sam for so long, I wouldn’t think less of you if you wanted to keep going with him.”
John threw back the last of his cup, then grabbed the bottle from the table and poured another generous serve. “That brother o’ yours needs to get his head outta the clouds.”
“You showed,” the man says casually, coming closer. He holds his hand out and offers her a lopsided smile, one she supposes should charm her. It doesn’t. “Rosco.”
“Well, no, there wasn’t time for that.” Dean drained the last of his beer, annoyed that it’ll be a whole month before he might see the guy again, if he even shows up working at next month’s festival.
The touch to his hand is simultaneously a huge relief, and also sends some kind of thrill up Cas’ spine that has nothing to do with magic. He looks back up to Dean’s face, and those green eyes staring into his steals his breath momentarily. He might not have been great up until recently, but now…
“Come for me, Dean,” Castiel says in a low rumble, his pace only increasing the louder Dean screams. Only the sounds of skin against skin and the proof of Dean’s pleasure fill the room. Weirdly, when he comes, he’s wondering if Cas’ neighbors are tired of hearing them have crazy sex all the time. His next thought is that he definitely, without a damn doubt, does not care. He’s shaking as he comes down, brushing Cas’ lips with his own while their stomachs become wet with come.
Castiel gestured to the front room. “Your tea is ready, sir.” The sooner he distracted Campbell from the library, the better. The Lord only knew what Lady Holmes had told him about it.
Castiel stared with horror at the look on the man’s face—blank and ice-cold. “Uh, Winchester?” he said, grabbing Winchester’s shoulder. “I don’t think he’s—“
“Unsurprising, I suppose,” Dean said. “The ladies tend to love mysterious, handsome men just returned from war, in my experience.”
He looked breathtaking, all dressed up for a ball; it was all Dean could do not to loll out his tongue like one of his father’s hounds as he took in the tight fit of Castiel’s breeches and the flattering frame of his wide-shouldered coat.
“When have I ever not made it worth your while, Crowley? How about you set the first wager, hmm? And we’ll go from there.”
The curricle took them back to Great Queen Street, and the two men headed straight upstairs to Mister Singer’s office. Castiel was still not sure he would ever remember his way around this place—the corridors and rooms were confusing and endless. They reached Singer’s office though, and with merely a glance back at him, Winchester knocked soundly.
Castiel met him in the wash, and they enfolded each other in their arms tightly before pulling back. Dean ran his fingers lightly down Castiel’s cheek, then leaned in to press their lips together sweetly.
Mingling with his guests once more, Dean spotted the short, stocky form of Mister Fergus Crowley, the owner of Crowley’s gentleman’s club in Cheltenham. He was, as astonishing as the association was to most who heard it, a relation of Lady Rowena McLeod, Charlie’s Dowager aunt and constant chaperone. Equally as wealthy and with even fewer scruples than his flame-haired relative, Crowley was more of an
“We do,” Dean confirmed, taking the small, hand-bound book from the bag they’d carried and passing it over to Castiel, to tuck into his interior pocket.
Dean raises his hands slowly, watching the white-knuckled grip the other guy has on the rifle. Looks like he doesn't often get visitors.
Mrs. Moseley looked keenly at him. “There was a great darkness about to sweep over the world. You two,” she nodded to Dean as well, “were holding it back.”
Winchester sat on the man’s legs, panting for a few moments, before he pulled the knife free of Sinclair’s body with a wet, sickening sound. He looked up at Castiel, who was frozen in place.
Dean makes a conscious attempt to unclench his jaw. "I can't work for the Grove, Dad—I haven't wanted to for years. And now that demons are gone, who knows what the job will even involve?"
He’d always been unsettled by how empty of life the graveyard seemed when he’d been here before—not a fish or ray to be seen. Today was no different. The thin light filtered down, turning the wrecks a dull grey like piles of old bones.
Bobby looked up, glaring at Dean from beneath his bushy eyebrows. “Did you want time to have tea and cake first?”
At Stanford, grad students have the right to make their defense presentation public or private. Dean had decided weeks ago that a public defense would actually calm him down a little, because Sam and all his friends could attend.
Castiel was proud that he managed to keep his hands steady as he replaced the teapot on the table. “Anything else I can get for you?”
"Charlie, I didn't 'bring him home', okay? We didn't hook up, or whatever. He's from out of town and just staying here for a few days."
In the middle of their hug, the door swings open and Sam shuts it behind him, chuckling at the scene of Charlie’s arms wrapped around Dean, greasy spatula still in his hand.
Their eyes meet, hooded and fierce and full of yearning. They’ve been together for nearly six months, but have never talked about switching—Castiel was barely out of the closet when they started hooking up, so he naturally fell into topping. But Dean, he’s always considered himself the occasional switch, and he mutters, “Oh, fuck yeah.” He covers Castiel with kisses, his cheeks and chin and neck, before Castiel casts his favorite spell—the relocation charm—and zaps their remaining clothes to the dirty clothes hamper.
Castiel holds the amulet out to Dean, but he just moves Castiel's hand so that the amulet is lying flat on his palm. Castiel says, “What can I do to help? It’s been a while since I read that grimoire.”
Dean clicks out of the call and stares up at his ceiling, angry at himself for making things end on a weird note. He thought having a secret relationship would make things exciting, but it’s just making him frustrated—emotionally and sexually—and he’s not sure how to tell Cas his troubles without making him feel guilty.
“Thing is, I don’t want you to,” Dean answers, not even trying to be flirty—just being honest. Castiel chuckles, evidently enjoying Dean’s answer. “Can I tell you something?”
But if this is going to start happening to him on a regular basis, perhaps he should find out some more about it. He just resents being forced into anything, and he hasn't asked for any of this.
“It’s a container, look,” Dean says, sounding excited. “But there something woven into it—I can’t quite make it out…” He moves his hands closer to the hedge, and Castiel can now see what Dean must have been looking at from the hill.
After a few moments, Sam’s muffled voice comes through, as though he’s holding the phone away from his face. “Ruby, just give me a second, all right?”
Dean watches her go with a sympathetic frown on his face, remembering what it was like to lose his parents so young. She exits through the threshold the moment Castiel walks in, and he’s such a welcomed sight after such bad news that Dean has to fight the urge to hug him. The professor is wearing his standard black suit, blue tie, and trench coat, and the image of the magic mirror flashes in Dean’s mind. It was the same outfit, and his stomach lurches with nerves. Surely he’s misremembering what he’d seen—it had been dark that night, Cas had been on his mind, it was a trick of the light…
“And all avenues were closed off, ‘cept for Stanford’s one,” Dean tosses in, following the metaphor. Cas nods eagerly, reminiscent of the early days when he was just Dean’s enthusiastic thesis advisor. Less than a year ago they were arguing at every turn, each interaction chock full of sexual tension, while Dean was forced to reread basic texts on Euclidean geometry and Isaac Newton’s magical laws.
Dean snorted, both at the man’s audacity and his manners. Should he have the chance to guide any woman in the room, he’d certainly never throw them in Ketch’s direction.
He took a calming breath and spoke up. “We’ve brought in plenty of herring every day this week, Dad. I was gonna tell you about it last night but you weren’t around.”
“Who you’re going to a party with on New Year’s Eve?” Sam’s voice raises by a significant pitch, and Dean once again regrets mentioning anything about Cas in the first place. He’s never going to hear the end of this.
The man’s gaze moved to Cas then, locking eyes with him for a few moments before dropping to the tea he was still pouring...now overflowing the cup and rapidly filling the saucer underneath.
“It certainly can be that kind of morning, if we have time…” Castiel replied, pausing only momentarily for Dean’s eager agreeing nod before he coated his fingers in the oil.
Noises buzz around Cas. Dean's voice, saying, "Cas? Come on buddy, over you go," as he's rolled onto his back on the grass, then other voices asking if he's okay.
“Unnecessary?” Dean repeats, feeling the back of his throat burn with sudden emotion. “It’s Valentine’s Day, Cas, and even though we work together and live together, I feel like I barely get to see you sometimes. Like…”
As they start walking up, Dean sees Sam at the door of the hallway leading to the annexe, his eyebrows raised as he watches them. Dean shakes his head, giving him his best
“Well, I did feel you shivering…but sure, let’s go with mind reader.” Even under the jesting tone, Castiel is a little breathless himself. Is he feeling the intensity of their shared magic flowing between them? “Anyways, I believe I was promised a compliment.”
“We’d hate to impose,” Anna begins carefully. “Gabriel hadn’t planned to come back with me to Palo Alto, but we were having such a great time together and missed Cas, so we just sorta…teleported here.”
A sound of rocks tumbling over each other made him pause, his pulse racing even faster. He turned to peer into the shadows, sure he’d seen movement there. He’d never been this far into the graveyard before—the water was deeper here, and the wrecks older and more decayed.
“Yes, yes,” he said, dismissing his wife and new baby son by waving his hand, “but Milton, have you seen the papers today? Boney has been defeated!”
Castiel was surprised at her familiarity, but then, there didn’t seem to be many things about Charlie that were conventional. He found he appreciated her candour and warmth, but he had never been very skilled at making conversation. Charlie placed her gloved hand in the crook of Castiel’s elbow, and they wandered along the path, past some tall, elegantly trimmed shrubbery. Castiel cast about for something to talk about, but decided it was best to stick to a topic they both knew.
The carriage rattled to a stop outside the door before Castiel could voice his confusion, but by the time they were both seated for their return journey, he’d dismissed the thought.
He took note of the paper on the wall above the fireplace—stained and peeling in places. He’d have to arrange for that to be fixed or even replaced, which meant the front room would also need doing, and the fireplaces swept.
Charlie glanced at him in surprise. “Oh goodness, no. We’ve been friends since childhood—I could never…” She broke off, laughing again.
"How're you feeling, Sam?" Castiel asks. It's been worrying him that Sam was sleeping so much—brought back far too many unpleasant memories of Anna's final weeks—but it seems Sam merely needed the rest.
“Bobby, they’re out here.” It’s Ellen, and she sounds pissed. “Hey, what’re y’all doing around here? Where’ve you been? We’ve been waiting hours!”
“Yes and no… As your advisor, of course I want to reconcile our differences so we can work together and create a better project for you. I pride myself on my professionalism, which is why our rocky start was—surprising. And frustrating.” He takes a deep breath, finally sparing a glance in Dean’s direction, and their gaze is immediate and intense. “But it’s much more than that. I find you very interesting, Dean. I’ve enjoyed getting to know you better this evening.”
Games? Castiel’s heart felt like a weight in his chest. Suddenly he remembers what Sam had said to him earlier, about Dean offering to help him out. Feeling a little sick, he approaches the door and clears his throat. If Dean is going to play with his heart for fun, or to get something from him, he isn’t going to give him the luxury of talking about it behind his back.
The water line was brisk and efficient, filled buckets being passed from one man to the next with surprising speed. There would be some damage, that much was clear, but Dean was at least hopeful that Castiel wouldn’t lose everything.
“I haven’t had reason to set foot in the place, of course, but I pass by The Assembly Rooms on my way to St. Mary’s each Sunday, and it always looks to be a popular meeting spot,” Castiel responded, before looking over at Dean once more. “I’m sure you also spend a fair bit of time there, Mister Winchester?”
Dean sighs, resting his forehead against Castiel’s. “You sure you don’t want me to help cast your illusion?”
Castiel’s heart fell. A trade mission? Back to reality, he supposed. “Yes, your Majesty. Which kingdom are you sending me to?”
“Thank you. Both of you,” he said, his heart full of gratitude that these relative strangers would do such a thing.
A shudder runs right through Dean as Cas removes himself from Dean’s back. “Fuck, yes,” he mutters as he brushes himself down, checking over his shoulder to make sure the sheriff hadn’t seen that.
“Listen, she’s no one, okay?” Dean snaps. “A friend of a friend. She wandered in here on her own, probably by accident. Just let her go.”
They all take a moment of quiet, Castiel remembering the way things used to be before the world went to hell, and he assumes the others are doing the same.
“Super-dupes. Let’s get you on your, uh—” He waved a hand at Castiel. “—feet, then.” Gabriel looked up and down the beach, then added, “First things first, humans wear cloth to cover them, remember? You can’t just go around waving that around.” He gestured one hand at Castiel’s crotch, where a soft, fleshy thing dangled between his new legs.
The pure happiness in Cas’ gorgeous eyes strikes Dean like an arrow to the chest. He can’t…he can’t do this.
“Oh!” Castiel says, relieved for a moment, until he remembers that tomorrow he'll have not only Dean here, but Sam, Charlie, and Dorothy as well. Does he really want to inflict Gabriel on all of his friends at once? Will they have enough to eat? It's too late to head out to get more now. “Yes, sure, that’ll be great,” he replies, anxiety settling in his chest.
Castiel wasn’t entirely sure what fascinated Dean so much about the Seal itself, but the project was perfectly suited to his skills, and of course Castiel was happy to chaperone him down to the Seal whenever Dean wanted to go there.
Letting out a content little noise, Castiel rolled his head back onto the pillow, opening one eye to peer up at Dean with a hazy, sleepy smile.
“Yeah, well, you’re not the only one who’s upset,” Dean retorts, his embarrassment turning to indignation and he sits up straighter his chair. “My thesis advisor is distant and detached and…sometimes, flat out rude. So not exactly the most welcoming space to share ideas.”
Luckily, John Winchester would allow Dean to do whatever he wished as long as it was in Charlie’s company. The poor man was torn between his disapproval of the woman, because he knew Dean would never marry his old friend, and his love of what her company could do for Dean—her title and wealth gave her a lot of leeway in the local area, and the company of her aloof (though somewhat inattentive, if Dean was honest) aunt, Lady Rowena, as a chaperone allowed her a mostly independent run of Cheltenham. So in the end, practicality won out, and Dean was given free rein to socialise at her side.
“What? No. He doesn’t want that.” Dean tries to turn away, following the path towards where Cas has disappeared into the shed.
“Indeed,” Dean answered solemnly. “Though, there are several of the club members here. We should ask your sister for her guest list, perhaps.”
“I do have to. I made a deal, and it’s magically binding.” She shook her head. “Please just take it to him.”
Dean stumbled a little as he regained his footing, and Castiel gasped with relief, but when Dean opened his eyes, Castiel saw, with absolute horror, they were black.
Cas glances back towards where his car is parked, the cooling metal ticking in the quiet night air. Too late to turn back now. He clutches the flashlight tighter, hoping it’ll work as a weapon in case Dean is really planning to murder him.
“This is just an introductory meeting to determine if I’m a good fit for you,” Castiel corrects, and his voice is so matter-of-fact that Dean has no clue which way the professor is leaning. “All of the associate professors have a full load of thesis candidates this year. Though in the staff meeting this morning, Doctor Adler said he could make an exception for you—”
But before he could turn and head back up towards the light, Amelia turned around, grabbing his arm. “We’re here. Come.”
“How kind of you to make such subtle introductions for us,” Dean offered dryly. Balthazar smiled beatifically, but Dean caught the small smirk that touched the edges of Castiel’s lips.
“Wait,” Gabriel said, raising his brow and looking curious, despite himself, “you've been up to the surface again? Today?”
“Uh, yeah. Sorry,” Dean mutters unconvincingly. After vacation, it’s been hard to get back into the swing of things. Today he’s canvassing with the Captain and her resistance group, and he got paired with Anael. Being alone with an attractive person in the Impala who’s
It isn’t far from the truth, Rosco supposes. A good enough reason to be meeting in secret. He nods, wondering just how much this kid knows about the Seal, if what Ruby has passed along about his brother is true. For now, he’ll make the kid feel welcome, at least.
"Whatcha planting?" he asks, stepping forward over the garden edging into the row near where Castiel kneels.
“Gentlemen, ladies,” Dean announced, seeing many questioning eyes. “I can only commiserate with you that your evening has been so disrupted. I reassure you, the Men of Letters will handle all that needs to be dealt with—if I may suggest that you all return to your rooms until morning, then I’m sure arrangements can be made for you all to head back to your homes a little early.”
“Yes,” Castiel responded, quiet and mannerly. “I heard tell the Prince Regent himself might attend, so I’m sure every single swooning female and politically-inclined man in the city wanted to be here.”
And now… And now, he trudged back towards the house, his boots pinching his damp feet. He hoped they wouldn't be ruined by the lake water—he had intended to dry off in the sun before getting dressed again. For Dean to come upon him in that manner was not only embarrassing—the look on Dean's face had shocked Castiel to his core.
Castiel fumbled at his belt pouch, intending to pull out one of his remaining vials of holy oil, but instead what he saw turned his blood to ice. The demon smoke was pouring into Dean’s mouth, making him shudder and shake on his feet. Castiel stared as Dean turned panicked eyes to him. Were all their demon protections for nothing? Dean’s tattoo! But they’d left Castiel alone! The burning on his skin, though—it had been on his back, the site of his holy tattoos. Could it be that it protected him, but the Letters’ Aquarian star would not?
?—and nearly collides with her back. Castiel looks horrified, and Dean catches on immediately to what just happened. Cas hadn’t realized it was Meg coming into the kitchen, and hadn’t had time to whip his dick back into his boxers before…
As he reaches the parking lot, he stops in front of his pride and joy to run a hand over her hood. “I fucked up, baby,” he whispers, then turns to look back towards the school building. Castiel is standing close behind him once again, watching him expectantly.
Things are heating up! We always love to hear from you in the comments, so please tell us what you're thinking :)
"I wouldn't dream of it," Castiel replied, smiling. “I would be honored if the newest novel was born out of discussions in my Tea Room.”
Jo, the front of house maid, arrived shortly after, jolting them out of their reverie. Dean requested drinks and a small repast to tide him over until Charlie arrived, and asked her to make sure his best jacket was prepared.
Huffing in frustration, he throws his red pen to the desk and runs his hands through his hair. How are they going to be able to grasp the more advanced concepts in second year, when so many of them are struggling with this easy material?
Dean’s grateful to his dad for recognizing how much he enjoys working at Bobby’s. “Guess so. For now at least.”
The vamp hissed at him as he bared his fangs, and Dean kicked out at him as his vision started to go fuzzy at the edges. His foot connected with meat, and the pressure on his throat eased as the vamp bent over, clutching at his jewels.
“Precisely. Because that show of strength made me wonder—” Crowley takes a step closer, crowding into her personal space. “I already need them both for the spell. Why not kill two birds with one stone? Blood, plus a brand-new spell, plus a juicy profound bond…what would I need you and your coven for?”
Cas shakes his head. Definitely insane. “Do I even want to know what that is?” he asks, wishing he’d stayed at home where it was warm.
“What, now?” Castiel asks, looking down at the drying mess on his chest, and his naked boyfriend sitting beside him, staring at him questioningly. Dean leans forward to grab the napkins left over from their dinner and starts mopping up the mess on his own chest and stomach.
“It’s just a little thing—an amulet, worn around the neck. Looks like a head with curved points on top. I’m pretty sure your loverboy has it—I’ve been tracking it since before the storm. I won’t be able to intervene to help you, but I’m sure you’ll be able to find him up there.”
Dean nodded. “Think so, yeah. They were going to cast the illusion over the well...the maze illusion?”
The cat looks up at him again. It meows quietly, pitifully, and Castiel’s heart clenches in his chest, despite knowing full well that animals, especially cats, might look cute but will happily kill you in your sleep.
“Do you think it’s someone you know?” Sam asked, leaning forward a little. For all his book-learning and occasionally-too-serious ways, Sam loved the gossip of the town as much as most debutantes did. With his mild humour, steadfastness, and easy friendship, people tended to trust him with a lot of it, and he was always informed of the latest on dit—to Dean’s amusement and benefit.
A gasp stops them both, making them spring apart like guilty teenagers. Hannah is standing in the hallway, staring at them with a bright red face.
He opens the door cautiously, holding a slim hope to find Dean there, but the apartment is dark, empty.
Dean can’t argue with that, and besides, he sorta likes Lisa. Not in the crazy, consuming way he feels with Dr. Novak, a crush so hardcore he wonders if it’s gonna swallow him up whole, but Lisa is pretty and soft-spoken and kind. They’ve been texting on and off for about a week, and she’s probably wondering why Dean hasn’t asked her out yet, but he can’t seem to maintain interest long enough to try and seal the deal.
Dean hadn't had the inclination to admire Hunter Bay from this angle for a long time, now. He'd always lived here, and it had always been the same—although it had expanded along their bend in the river just inland from the river heads as the fishing trade had grown. The wood and stone buildings stepped up an incline from the river, the road winding up to the old fort standing guard above it on the hill. A few fishing boats were lined up along the docks, their tall boom nets bound up while in port, but most were still out to sea.
Missouri leaned in towards Dean, “I just wanted to tell you—that amulet you wear? You might like to keep it hidden. There are people...who might come looking for it.”
Dean raised a hand in a cheeky wave, scanning the surface quickly. Cas would be around somewhere, helping the merfolk to gather their part of the catch they’d helped to bring up. Their arrangement was working so well, Dean mused as he stowed his shovel and headed up toward the
Castiel huffed. “He was an acquaintance of my brother, before he died. My thanks for abandoning me, by the by.”
Demons are common enough around Lawrence, for magical folks who know where to look for them. They blend easily, for the most part, or know to hide themselves, catching on the edges of vision only.
Gabriel shouted, "Breathe!" and finally Castiel understood. Crowley had made him human. He was going to need to breathe air. He managed to hold down his panic enough to surge upwards and break the surface of the water.
“Uh, thanks,” he mumbles, not sure how much information to divulge. “Interrupting when you did, you probably just saved my ass.”
“Everything created has a purpose,” Castiel replied, sure of that one thing. “All this must, too, but…” He stopped, turning to a large, flat picture—the wooden frame was swelling at the corners, and colors on the surface were starting to flake off into the water. He was sure it wouldn’t last long down here. The human in the picture was holding an object Castiel couldn’t identify, but he was almost certain the light on top of it was fire. He’d pieced together clues from Joshua’s stories to tentatively identify some of the items in the trove, but his heart sank at the thought he really had no idea what most of it was.
“No, it’s okay, it’s, uh, a fair question.” Dean’s eyes sweep the crowd. “Listen, I don’t pretend to know what the hell I’m doing or even how to fix any of this crap. I just know the system we have right now is shitty, and if I can help it become better, then, uh, that’s what I’ll do. I never really fit in at Stanford, and maybe that’s a good thing. I’m still not sure what all you guys got goin’ on, but I’m willing to ride it out and see.”
Dean knows he means taking him on as an eleventh-hour thesis student, so really, it’s sorta an insult…but he’s a pervert, and he can’t help but think that Castiel is
This evening, he'd been pleased with how responsive the magicians were to what he'd shown them. He still has no idea what Crowley’s planning, and he'd told himself before tonight's session not to get too attached to these students in case he had to suddenly abandon them, but the delight on Krissy's face when she'd managed to levitate a whole chair had warmed his heart. Meg always used to tell him he’s a sucker when it comes to kids.
“Could I… I’d like to fuck you on my desk,” Castiel breathes, his thumb coming to worry Dean’s bottom lip. “Would you be interested in that option?”
Castiel has to swallow the extra saliva pooling in his mouth as he quickly shuffles his own sweats down, letting his flushed cock stand to attention. He shuffles the chair around until the hard, wooden back is behind him, and sits again, reaching forward to pull Dean towards him by the hips. He plants kisses on as much skin as he can reach, but Dean shies away, instead straddling Castiel and sitting in his lap. Their cocks line up again, and Dean grinds down into Castiel, making them both gasp.
“Um, yeah, I’m fine. The lights back there are flickering a little, though. Might want to check them out,” he says to the girl as he gestures back over his shoulder.
By the time they reached the top floor, they were almost running. Once they reached the door of the suite that had been opened for them, patience evaporated entirely, and Castiel was on Dean’s mouth before the door was done closing.
Castiel threw Dean a quelling look and spoke up again. “Mister Singer, we’ve sorted through our differences, and honestly, our skills complement each other quite well. I would be happy to work a case with Winchester again, if he’s willing.”
Turning the last paper over in the first batch, he stretches his arms above his head with a satisfying pop. He's pleased with the way his first-year “World of Magic” students have taken to the idea of lay magicians also being a part of magical society, rather than completely separate and ostracized from trained Mages. He’s modified the teaching plan slightly to have the students discuss the differences in a paper. He’s not sure how the faculty will react when they find out, but he’d rather the students have a wider view.
Sam choked on his mouthful of wine, spluttering a little as his face flushed scarlet. As Castiel passed him a napkin, Mick added with a grin and a thump to Sam's back, “I'll take that as yes!”
A few minutes later she has Dean’s laptop open, Cas’ camera connected through a USB cable. Dean is pacing around his kitchen, trying not to watch, but everyone else is huddled around the footage—absorbing the past few weeks of Seal-related adventures with bated breath.
Cas frantically checks his work, but apart from an undignified keyboard-smash in the middle of his text, it doesn’t look like anything has been changed irreparably. “Any chance you could nap somewhere else?” he mutters.
Mrs Harvelle resumed her thumping, whacking her wooden pin down the top of what Dean assumed would become some part of their dinner. Campbell House was large, but with only three fairly independent men in residence, they didn’t pay an excess of staff. Mrs Harvelle had jumped in to help when the previous cook had retired, and John and Dean fell in love with her pies, both meat and sweet, and had offered her the extra wages to keep the job up. Mrs Harvelle and the two maids of all work split the cooking duties between them, these days. No one ever complained; all of Mrs Harvelle’s cooking was hearty and delicious. Maybe it wasn’t the fancy fare of the Ton, but for out here in the country it did just fine. Dean moved past her, heading over to the slim door in the corner that led to the laundry annex, a bricked add-on to the house which had a door leading out the garden. Not bothering to announce himself, Dean shoved the door—only to find resistance.
Dean returns his grin. “All right, I’ll send it over sometime this week. But I don’t wanna talk about that, I’ve been working on it all week."
Balthazar shook Dean’s hand thoughtfully. “I’ve heard tales of your social adventures, Monsieur Winchester. Very pleased to make your acquaintance.”
Castiel hums in agreement before taking Dean into the wet, hot heat of his mouth. Dean moans, clasping a hand over his mouth to silence himself better, then a thought occurs to him—is he a mage or not? He casts a silencing charm quickly, hoping it’s strong enough because Cas is doing some downright sinful things with his tongue and he can’t hold himself together anymore. He moans and bucks his hips up accidentally, too eager to fight his impulses, and he scoots back and mutters, “Sorry, sorry,” but Castiel’s expression doesn’t change. If anything, his pupils are dilated like crazy and he’s taking Dean further and further into the back of his throat, nodding his head for Dean to continue.
Castiel turned, seeing a jumbled pile of fabric and other junk lying at the tide line. He tried getting his feet under him again, but the pain in his feet was overwhelming. Instead, he dragged himself up the beach on his hands and new knees, trying to avoid sharp shells in the sand.
Sam shifted as someone approached them, distracting Castiel from his thoughts. He was surprised to see Miss Hannah smiling shyly at him. "Pardon me for interrupting, Mister Novak, but I wonder if you'd join me for this next dance?"
So yeah, we did everything together—movies, study periods in the library. We kept trying to convince Cas to come out to parties on and off campus with us, but he was never into that scene. He just went right on coming to our movie nights at our place, and listened patiently as Dean explained the shenanigans from the party the previous night. For some reason, Dean never remembered to include the fact that he’d gone home with some chick or another, even after I would tell Cas about what I’d got up to. I wonder why that might have been…
Gabriel didn't reply, just gave him a shrewd look. Castiel hoped that meant he believed him. And hopefully, that human man hadn't actually seen him, just been surprised by something else. Something else in a wide, empty ocean.
“No, don’t stop,” Dean gasps, his hands finally finding a grip in the coat near Castiel’s hips, and pulling Castiel down onto him. “I’m all for a little morning glory.”
“Hmm,” Dean mumbles, then lifts his head up. He knows they’re supposed to be talking, getting to the bottom of Cas’ current predicament, but all he can think about is kissing the hell out of his boyfriend. Goddamn, that neck looks so beautiful…he wants to mark it up with hickeys, wants to grind his dick against Cas’ thigh, wants to slide a hand up his t-shirt and feel a nipple harden between his fingers. “Wanna make up for lost time?”
“Actually, I was gonna take off with Brady and the others.” Sam turns to head off across the field. “See you at home, Dean.”
"I…I won't be able to be there for Dean's graduation on Thursday." He grits his teeth as Adler's smirk surfaces in his memory.
“The stereotype of the cowardly Frenchman was entirely fictitious, I thought,” Castiel said from Dean’s other side. “Enough of you tried to shoot me, I should know. Don’t let yourself down now, Balthazar.”
“Not with you,” Castiel says, his voice deep and sultry. He moves his head until they’re sharing the same pillow. “I always deliver.”
Azazel and the other Croats stop, and Azazel steps out, his hands raised. He looks down at the slumped corpse at his feet, then back up. Castiel keeps his gun trained on the man as he says, “What if I told you I could cure these people you’ve just cruelly shot?”
Castiel swallowed his mouthful, shaking his head. “We lived in the city, down in Sacramento. My parents owned this place as a holiday home, I guess, although someone else lived here and ran the farm part for many years. We used to come here for vacations, sometimes weekends.”
He shakes his head. He'd come to the library rather than hole up in his office, partially because he was more accessible for his students studying for their finals, but also because he really needs to be around people today. He really has no idea how he's gonna last until Friday—the need to get a hold of Dean and do something, anything, with him is making him anxious, and he keeps catching himself checking his phone to see if Dean has texted him.
When Dean pulled him to his feet, the guy let out a cry and nearly fell right over again. Dean caught him against his shoulder, with an “Easy there, tiger.” He took in the pained look on the guy's face—he must have an injured foot after all, or perhaps two injured feet. “I'll help you up to town, okay? We'll find someone to take a look at your feet.”
Dean’s throat is dry as a bone. “You’ve seen him before. The faculty potluck at the beginning of the year, remember?”
A quick note for those who are not fans of Megstiel: While Cas had a past romance with Meg, she broke his heart. In this chapter, she's keen to rekindle things in a casual way, but Cas is only thinking of one person (and it's not her). If you really don't like Megstiel, feel free to skip Cas' POV in this chapter. It's just this one time, and very brief.
Finally managing to get Dean’s t-shirt off over his head, Castiel leans in and murmurs in Dean’s ear, “They’re black, actually. Black as midnight, and covered in iridescent markings that flash like eyes in the sunlight.”
“It’s not about what I want,” she said, drifting closer to him and reaching out to rest one sharp nail just under Castiel’s chin. “They’re
He slips his phone into his messenger bag and sits back down. He considers asking the librarian for help, but she’s looking stern and unfriendly as she casts between the shelves, books flying haphazardly around her head. He opts out of that option purely for self-preservation.
“Stop by and see Bobby ‘fore you leave,” Dean instructs them both, every bit the commanding older brother he’s always been, and they give him matching looks of amusement before agreeing. He waves after them once more before latching the door behind him.
He walks into the prone man's line of sight and leans closer, making the professor try to pull away, his left wrist straining against the bonds.
But Cas…he’d looked so beautiful in the throes of passion! If Dean never got to see that again, the rest of his life would be dull and desolate.
“No.” Cas’ curt answer comes from the armchair in the corner near Dean, where he sits with his own pile of lore books.
Castiel gets dressed as quickly as he can, hopping with one foot in his jeans while he tries to remember what shirt he was going to wear. Dean heads back in to get dressed just as Castiel’s putting on shoes, and he presses a kiss to Dean’s temple as he heads out into the living room, running his hand through his damp hair as he goes.
“Let’s talk about it later. Can I see you tonight?” Cas whispers as they walk back towards his office. “We should celebrate.”
He can’t exactly text Sam and tell him that the resistance is getting down and dirty with the Seal tonight, not if they want to keep their involvement in all this anonymous. Dean’ll be damned before he lets Crowley ruin Sam’s future. He wishes the kid would just take a beach vacation and whisk away a nice girl, someone like Jessica Moore, and drive off into the freaking sunset. Him and Cas are too entrenched in this whole thing, too implicated—but Sam could still slip out before shit hits the fan.
A short time later, he’s parking at his apartment complex and ushering the demon out of the car. They ride the elevator up to the third floor and get inside Dean’s apartment, all the while with Castiel standing awkwardly near Dean, staring at him.
Castiel opens his mouth to protest but closes it again and gives a wry half-grin instead. His eyes drop to the drinks in front of him, then flick back up to Jo's grinning face.
“Let me... C’mon, Cas...” he murmurs as he pulls at Cas’ shirt, and Cas steps back to let him pull it up and over his head. They both pause, taking each other in for a moment, both lean with their post-Croatoan diet, but Cas’ strength from working the farm is evident.
He spied a green kelp flower, and the green eyes that had haunted his dreams for many days now slammed back into his mind. No matter what he tried—talking with Gabriel or the rest of his family, distracting himself with hunting and fishing every day even though he had fulfilled his duties already—he couldn't get the green-eyed human out of his head. He'd looked so surprised, so…unthreatening, compared with what many of Joshua’s stories said about humans.
Castiel looks up at him, eyes shining, Dean’s hands petting his collarbones. “But you know I love you more, right?”
“Good evening, everyone!” she began pleasantly, commanding the room easily with her loud, melodic speaking voice.
Castiel turns back to regard Dean, his voice rumbling somewhere in Dean’s spine. “I haven’t been entirely truthful.”
“Fuck, how—” Dean hisses when a second finger slides home, giving his erection a quick stroke before forcing his hands back down on the mattress. “How much of that did you hear?”
The Stanford University School of the Occult holds its commencement ceremony in one of its largest theaters, inside Archimedes Hall. It’s not a part of the campus Castiel often visits, the area mostly used by students studying the practical applications of magic in industry and science, but he admires the high arches of the foyer as he enters the building. Electric witch lights are suspended in the air, casting a dim flickering glow over the space.
The minor noble in question stood up from his crouch, brushing off his hands with a deliberate finality. “It looks as though he’s been dead for a while,” Winchester said, barely glancing at Castiel. “Wouldn’t you agree, Milton?”
The first lick of flame he sees has him dumping his pack and moving, jumping back down from the rock to the uneven slope below.
Miss Masters seemed delighted with Castiel—and who could blame her. Her eyes darted flirtatiously up and down his form from behind her fan, and all Dean could do was smile to himself, biting his lips as he thought,
“Thank you,” Castiel says tightly, still grappling with his swirling magic as he worries about how many times he and Dean have been making out in the corridors. He chances a glance at Professor MacLeod, but she’s merely standing still, watching him with fascination.
If he did not very carefully stop himself from thinking about the man that way, he was finished. The world did not look kindly on those like him. There could be no happy ending for such fantasies.
“Mm?” He opens his laptop and flicks through windows until he finds the lesson plan he'd been working on when Dean arrived earlier.
“Patience, sweetheart,” he mumbles against Castiel’s skin, rubbing his own face against Cas’ stubble. “You’re crazy fucking tight. Have you ever had…anything else…?”
“I get that,” Dean says, echoing the same soft tone. “It’s sorta like when someone dies, y’know? Not that things with your sister can’t be fixed one day. But after Mom passed, we realized she kept us all together. Sam and I figured out how to be a family again, just the two of us, but Dad…” Dean’s voice breaks a little, and he takes a deep breath, suddenly drowning in an intense feeling of regret. They hadn’t been able to repair the damage between them before John had died, and it still fills him with grief even though it’s been nearly a decade.
Cas didn't take his eyes off the screen, from the experts giving their opinions. "What if I want to?"
Castiel frowns. All he’d been thinking of was getting them out of his mother’s garden—he hadn’t even considered they were still infected and contagious.
The merfolk swam around, mingling freely with their decorated hair and oyster-clad tails. He noticed a mer watching him from across the table—Amelia, one of his fishing group. She peered at him like she was confused about his lateness, and he quickly turned away, not willing to try to explain himself again.
“I’ll speak with you later, Hannah,” he began, but Hannah had already shaken their head and turned to swim away.
“We’re from Kansas, actually. Lawrence, although Sam had just finished up his undergrad out here at Stanford and was home on vacation when shit went sideways. Lawrence was pretty messy.” Dean shakes his head as he remembers the chaos of those early days. The virus had been slow to spread to start with, but it didn’t take long before scientists were advising people to wash their hands and stay home as much as they could.
Castiel huffs, looking down at his feet for a moment. “No, that’s actually my name, but Cas is fine.”
“Fair enough. You two have a good night. I’ll see ya in class, Dean.” Jesse called as he broke away.
“Come on you voyeurs, let’s leave ‘em to it and celebrate. We can bug them all we want in the morning while we nurse some hangovers,” Meg promised, herding the small crowd down the hall with the help of Charlie. A chorus of good byes and teasing catcalls were thrown back as Meg turned back to mouth ‘you owe me’. Dean stared after her, completely stunned.
“I wouldn’t joke about this, Dean. I had never met anyone like you before and I didn’t know it at the time but the day I laid eyes on you, I had fallen,” Cas assured, using his thumb to swipe away wetness that Dean hadn’t realized was there.
It seemed like most of the zombies must have gravitated towards the center of campus because they were few and far between on the way to the dorm. One quick duck around a corner was all the trouble they hit and after only a minute or two, they both collapsed on the floor of their room. For a moment they just laid there catching their breaths and shedding their outerwear. Then, the silence was broken by Cas bursting into laughter and it might have been the most beautiful thing Dean had ever heard. Dean couldn’t help but to laugh too. He wasn’t entirely sure what they were laughing about, but it didn’t matter.
“Don’t you even start,” Dean said pointing angrily, like that would even faze her. As expected, her grin only widened. Then, unexpectedly, it softened.
“Like I said, I like the nerdy little guy for some reason,” she said, looking slightly bewildered for just a second before her usual smirk settled back into place. “Good luck, lover boy.”
“Well in that case, you can tell Charlie that I’ll be seeing her at the night game tomorrow,” Cas said standing back up, only now apparent that he was dressed only in yet another pair of his signature orange boxers. Dean cleared his throat and sat up a bit more as Dean crossed back over to his bed.
Dean looked up in surprise at the cold anger in Cas’ voice and saw a matching stormy look on his face.
“Hmm, I’m assuming he’s the faster of the two?” Cas questioned, not sounding at all out of breath. Dean nodded, focusing on guiding them away from the other three. “Not bad. But now we either need to outrun him or hit him. Neither will be easy,” Cas mused.
“The Apocalypse is nigh!” Dean burst into the dorm room and thrust his phone into Cas’ face, thoroughly interrupting the laser focus he’d had on the spread of textbooks and papers covering the entirety of his desk. Cas leaned back in the standard issue dorm desk chair that had a bad wheel and threadbare fabric (the better of the two in their room) and dragged a hand through his already mussed up hair only furthering what Dean had internally dubbed “The Sex Hair Look”.
“Well, if we angle just a bit south, there’s a light out in the corner of the lot. Could help us keep further out before swinging back around,” Jesse suggested. Dean had recognized the guy who brought up the suggestion from some of his classes. His boyfriend, Cesar, was also in their group and he hummed a bit in indecision.
“As you are all aware, we are being plagued by an outbreak the likes of which has never been seen before. I have been tasked by Uncle Sam to find a cure and believe I have come across the answer to our problem. The downside is, I don’t have the materials necessary to whip up the metaphorical jungle juice. As it happens, my lab across campus does so I need your help to get me from point A to point B without getting 28 Days Later’d. Ya dig?”
“But you came to me instead and you had these giant shadow wings and glowing eyes and you looked… angelic,” Dean said quietly, like his words were too loud in the darkness. “And then you were all protective of me these past few days and smitey…”
Dean looked back out into the darkness behind him, waiting for a face illuminated by a phone screen but he never saw it before a response came back.
“Yeah, yeah. I’m gunna take a quick shower before I head out,” Dean said, grabbing the shower caddy from under his bed.
After that, Dean decided that the best way to deal with it was to just shove it deep, deep down because then, at least, even if he couldn’t be with Cas the way he sometimes fantasized about, he still had his best friend. Once he figured that out, things were almost exactly the same as the past two years had been. Cas was still hyper focused on his GPA and Dean was still a cocky flirt who hated picking up after himself (much to Cas’ frustration). And that was exactly how Dean knew he could get Cas to cave and participate in the Apocalypse this year.
“Uh-huh.” Dean cycled through various options for how to proceed but Cas had hit the issue on the head. Michael was faster than him (and maybe Cas too but Dean didn’t actually know how fast Cas was) and he was nimble, used to dodging out of the way of cannonballs of muscle.
They split off at the stairwell as Charlie got off on the second floor and Dean went up to the third. Three classes and then lunch. So far so good.
“Dean, we’re not leaving until you open up!” Jo yelled, sounding like she was pressing her face into the crack of the door.
“Shit, shit, shit! Cupid Shuffle, 20!” Dean yelped as he threw yet another sock. Wordlessly, Charlie followed his lead as they ran another 20 feet and then broke to the left but immediately juked back to the right. Two of the three zombies after them slid out in the grass as they tried to course correct. Dean clutched the box labeled “(fake) biohazard” as they sprinted back towards the “lab”.
Jeez, the writers block really kicked my ass these past two weeks but we got there! Thanks for hanging in there with me! Got past the worst of the block and have one chapter left to go! Hope you all enjoy!
The third encounter was the one that Dean had been thinking about the most. Dean had been traveling solo between the science and humanities buildings when Benny and Jo had rounded the corner of the library, grabbed him by the shoulders and shoved him against the wall. Before he could protest that Benny hadn’t stopped when Dean’s thrown sock had hit, Jo pressed her hand against his mouth and Benny crowded up close shaking his head in amusement. Dean tried to push them away but Benny had held firm.
“Don’t even joke about that. I more than made up for accidentally tripping you in that battle. No, I just need the bells. Would you mind if we temporarily cut them off?”
“Benny! Jesse! Follow me!” Dean shouted thankful that it at least wasn’t just him and Benny. They were going to need all the help they could get. The three of them took off sprinting directly towards the science building. If they were going to be making a run for it, may as well try to thin the herd guarding the science building while they were at it.
“On whether or not I turn you, what do you bet?” Cas stood still in the doorway, phone hanging in his hand still audibly buzzing. Dean felt like he was pinned down by the nearly predatory gaze Cas was fixing him with.
Dean knew that Michael wouldn’t be far behind them. The best bet would be to create so much chaos that he wouldn’t have a straight shot at them. If they could pick up some more zombies on their tail, maybe that would trip him up. Dean knew it was a stupid plan but it was the only one he had.
The campus was officially swarming with zombies. He saw far more bandanas tied around heads than around arms and it made him extremely uneasy. This was no longer an exhilarating jaunt to class, it was a three sided attack. Between the regular zombies, Michael, and Cas, Dean was now perpetually on edge. Which is why, when he reached the oak tree, he nearly shed a single man tear of happiness. Laying under the tree, with a book covering her eyes like she was taking a nap, was Charlie. Laying on the ground beside her, the sock bandolier.
Dean’s stomach flipped as Cas looked up once more, looking positively predatorial. Dean remembered that he still had one last sock clutched in his hand but in the moment, he couldn’t even consider using it. Cas stalked closer, backing Dean up until he hit the wall of the building behind him. It was fully dark now and the lamppost behind Cas just happened to sit at the perfect angle to halo him in soft orange light.
The rest of their mad dashes to class went much smoother. After lunch, Charlie and Dean went off to their last classes of the day while Benny and Cas dropped Jo off at her dorm since she didn’t have any more for the day. Cas had one more class and then was going to study at the library. Dean knew that based on his roommate’s study habits, Cas would probably be there for several hours so Dean went back to their room for a bit to finalize the routes for the next day. Dean had let Cas know to text him once he was done and then settled in to plot.
“I think Cas has been cheating. There’s no way he should have gotten to Benny that quickly this morning. I think he’s been looking at the map after I go to bed,” Dean muttered.
“Yeah, you too Cas…” Dean muttered as he laid back down, hoping to go back to his interrupted dream.
“See ya tomorrow, Jo,” Dean said, feeling that last shred of remorse float away. The only thing left was whatever Cas so clearly wanted to talk about. There was no way he hadn’t picked up on Dean very nearly telling Jo that he loved Cas. There were many ways the next few minutes could go and Dean was desperately hoping for one in particular but there was no way he could bring himself to bank on that hope. Instead, he steeled himself and prepared for the worst as he stepped back into the room.
“Look, just humor me for a sec,” she said, pushing the door open enough to step just inside the doorway and lean against the wall. “What the hell even happened? You get turned and then skip the night game to come back here and bone?” Jo smirked like she had caught Dean in some trap.
Dean did the math in his head. Michael and Cas were further from the door to the dining hall than they were but Michael was definitely faster. Dean was down to one sock at the ready but Charlie had her bandolier. If Charlie could spot him a sock or two, Dean could take out the zombies by the door while Charlie focuses on Michael. Okay, this could work!
Dean flew through the door of the dining hall, only just catching himself on the opposite wall saving himself from a smashed nose or, if he was really unlucky, a concussion. Charlie ran straight into him and laughed breathlessly as they slumped over together.
“And if there are zombies, we could split up, have one group of our fastest draw them away while the rest of us go for it with Ash,” Charlie added from her spot crouched against the wall.
“Assbutt?” He asked incredulously. Cas shrugged with a grimace. “We’re gunna talk about that later... Let’s get out of here. See ya round, Mikey.” Dean realized that he really should learn when to quit but the opportunity was too good to pass up.
Dean recalled Cas’ comment about having what he needed to deal with Michael and wondered if Charlie had anything to do with that.
Charlie was clearly wrong. Whatever she had seen to make her think that Cas was interested in him was mistaken. Cas taking Dean up on his bet for a date was him just being kind to Dean by not pointing out his laughably stupid idea. Cas obviously had better people to pursue. Not that he could see what Cas saw in Meg. She was sarcastic, smug, condescending, and that was just what Dean had picked up on in the handful of minutes he had interacted with her.
“Sure you do. Not very nice to say you don’t know your boyfriend of ten months. Even if he is long distance,” Cas said, only a hint of smugness leaking into his voice.
A group of screaming girls came barreling through the door to safety and Dean sidestepped to avoid them as well as the two zombies that followed close behind, not having slowed enough to stay outside. Cheers of success and groans of failure mixed as the two groups parted ways.
“Come on, man. Back off. It’s just a game.” Dean interjected, stepping between Michael and Cas. Benny, Charlie, Jo and even Max and Jesse stepped up beside him. Michael didn’t seem to notice, too focused on staring Dean down. Dean glared back, unwilling to back down with all his friends at his side. Just as Michael opened his mouth to respond, Meg sauntered through the doors and leaned up against the wall.
“Charlie and I have a majority of our classes in the same building and our schedules mostly line up on Monday, Wednesday, and Friday. Benny and Cas are in a similar position. Jo is the odd one out which explains why she keeps getting infected first.” Dean chuckled at the indignant look on her face at that remark. “But Cas has classes pretty close to yours on Tuesdays and Thursdays so you’ll have a buddy if you can make it through Monday.”
Dean bounded down the last two flights of stairs and burst out of the dorm, panting from the exertion.
A soft sigh came over the line and Dean could almost see the hunched shoulders and pinched expression that were no doubt occupying his friend’s features.
So yeah. Dean definitely cared more about winning this bet than he did staying human. Especially now that the puzzle pieces were falling into place. It was possible that Cas really did like him. Or at least, liked him enough to entertain the thought of going on a date. So Dean was going to fight tooth and nail to win the opportunity to push their relationship to the next level because he wasn’t sure he’d have the courage to bring it up again if he lost.
“Ummm,” Dean’s mouth was instantly dry as he struggled to form any coherent thought. Maybe Cas was still in the game. Maybe this wasn’t a bust after all. The idea of being hunted by Cas suddenly sprung into his mind and the game became so much more alluring.
“Just a bit, yes. It’s true though.” Cas reaffirmed. Dean nodded as he set his coffee on his desk and gathered his clothes for the day.
“That and Clarence has somehow wormed his way into my cold, black heart. The opportunity to piss you off enough to get sweet Castiel to accept that you’ve got the hots for him is enough entertainment to last me the rest of the semester. After today’s little show, I’m not sure why he needed that much convincing,” she smirked.
“Alright people, I’m going east. Divide up into four groups. North against this wall, then east, south, and west,” Ash directed, pointing at walls as he went. Dean made a beeline for the east group, which seemed to be larger than the other three but Ash diverted some of them in the interest of keeping the groups equal. Once the groups had been finalized, Ash wandered over to their group, appraising them quickly and appearing to like what he saw, especially Charlie’s bandolier.
“Wouldn’t do you much good if you did. It’s not the real route. Had to have a backup if the bell trick didn’t work,” Dean said with a mischievous smirk. Cas nodded his approval.
This week was different though. Instead of frisbees, there were socks and instead of Wonderwall, there were the shrieks of those being chased down by the zombie horde.  By this point, there were now more than just a couple zombies in play. Humans were easy pickings on day one when there were so many to choose from.
“No. Not yet,” Cas said, pushing Dean behind him to put himself in Michael’s path. Dean didn’t dare make a run for it. Michael wouldn’t hesitate to bowl Cas over just to get to Dean, but together, they could make a stand. Apparently Michael came to the same conclusion because he slowed to a jog and stopped in front of Cas.
“It’s burger day, of course he’s already done,” Dean retorted. Glancing down at Cas’ tray, he confirmed that there were only breadcrumbs and a few stray fries remaining. He looked up and noticed that Cas was eyeing Dean’s burger with interest.
Dean sometimes felt bad that Cas hadn’t seen or heard from his mom since he started college but at least his older brother Gabriel kept in touch since he was in a similar state of exile. Dean had even met the man early last summer when Gabe was passing through for some reason or another. The man was very secretive and the visit was an experience.
“Holy shit...” Dean pulled up Charlie’s contact and hit the call button. “C’mon, pick up, pick up...” Dean fidgeted until he heard Charlie’s harried voice on the other end.
“I’ve had it rolled up under the bed. I thought that would be safe since I’m a pretty light sleeper but last night just proved that he’s got the sneaking skills to pull something like that off.”
When junior year rolled around and Dean and Cas were still sharing a room together, Dean had come to the conclusion that he was terrified that he was going to fuck everything up. This was no mere crush, Dean was full blown In Love. It certainly explained why he had turned down every offer for a date from the numerous men and women who’d approached him over the past two years. It was no secret that Dean was bi. He had joined the LGBTQ+ club early on in his first year at the college and that was where he’d met his other best friend Charlie. She had tried over the years to encourage Dean to get out there and date but Dean had eventually cracked and confessed that he kept turning them down because it wouldn’t be fair to date someone when he was in love with somebody else. Charlie had tried convincing him to tell her who the lucky person was but dropped it pretty quickly after Dean snapped at her. He’d felt horrible about it but was grateful when she backed off.
Dean turned his head to the right, doing his best not to lose any speed and saw Michael sprinting towards them, Cas only a few footsteps behind. Charlie had also turned to locate the source of the commotion and swore rather colorfully as she spotted the two men. Dean gripped Charlie’s arm and urged them faster.
If Dean was honest, his life revolved around Cas now. It wasn’t something he consciously decided, it just happened. He had begged his mom that first winter break to let Cas come back with him for the holiday since he had nowhere else to go. Or at least, nowhere that didn’t involve a toxic parent. After Dean had explained the situation, his mom had voiced no objections to having an extra mouth to feed. On the last day of winter break, she had pulled Dean aside and told him that Cas was more than welcome to stay the summer if needed too. From then on, Dean had never spent more than a weekend away from his best friend. Those sporadic weekends that Cas spent with Gabriel were among the longest in his life.
Dean woke up on Friday morning to the sound of his alarm blaring from the corner of his desk. He threw a hand out to snooze it without even cracking an eyelid. The events from the day before steadily worked their way back to him and he was quickly feeling as stunned as he had been the previous night. Dean resisted the urge to groan in frustration as he went over the details for the millionth time.
Happy Saturday! Here’s another chapter for your reading pleasure! As always, thank you to my beta Kit! Parts of this chapter had been written when I was half asleep so it probably needed the most work.
Dean took a deep breath, shook his head, and took his usual spot next to Cas, Charlie to his right. Benny, who was just on the other side of Charlie, launched into a play-by-play of how he got caught including how Charlie had managed to actually hit Cas with a sock but it had already been too late. They both lamented how they had been expecting him to at least come from the direction of Dean and Cas’ dorm but he had been smart and flanked them.
Dean still remembers spitting out his drink and Cas poking his head around the corner from the living room with a questioning look on his face while Dean waved him off with a blush. Cas scolded Gabe for harassing his friend before disappearing back around the corner. Dean had quickly and quietly corrected that nothing was going on between them and Gabe had shrugged.
“Can we shut up about Meg!” Dean snapped, slamming a palm against the table. The tables around them fell silent for a moment. Dean’s ears burned red as he hunched back over his pizza. After a moment or two the chatter picked back up but their own table remained silent. Charlie, who had been quiet through all of this, laid a hand on Dean’s arm.
Twenty minutes until step 1 kicked off. Dean was starting to feel that familiar rush of adrenaline. The thrill of the hunt, even though he was the hunted. And this year, it wasn’t just himself that he had to look out for. Dean was already borderline overprotective when it came to Cas and thrusting him into the (imaginary) world of a zombie apocalypse was going to do him no favors on that front. At the end of the day, Dean just wanted Cas to have a fun time and that meant keeping him safe and human so he could participate in their over-the-top planning sessions and hopefully see exactly why Dean loved this event so much.
“Dean, I just want to reiterate that I’m only interested in you. Have only ever been interested in you.”
“Oh fuck,” Dean blurted as he desperately threw a sock and bolted for the stairs to the left. “Fuck, fuck, fuck!” Dean could hear the sprinting footsteps behind him. He must have missed.
With 5 minutes to go, Dean took a tentative sip from his coffee, still almost too hot even after leaving it uncapped while he got dressed. His phone buzzed as he took another quick sip, not willing to wait for it to cool enough to not be slightly painful. Should wake up 5 minutes earlier next time... Could actually drink the stuff before I gotta run. Dean pulled his phone out of his pocket, expecting a text from Charlie letting him know that she was on the move but it was from Jo instead.
“Goddammit.” Dean hissed, pausing in his tracks. Charlie placed her hand on Dean’s arm for just a second. Enough to reassure him but gone before anyone noticed. As if by some sixth sense, Meg turned her head and grinned when she saw the two of them.
"Nah, don't really wanna think about that douche right now. Haven't even had my first cup of coffee yet." Dean said, idly fiddling with the random junk on his desk.
“Dean, it’s okay. I’ve kinda had a feeling for a while about it and I didn’t want to push you on it but then this happened and… I just want you to know that you can talk to me.”
After a mostly unsatisfying dinner in the dining hall, Dean submitted their registrations for the apocalypse and began to mentally adjust his strategy for how to survive the apocalypse.
“‘Hallways in all campus buildings, including dorms, are fair play’? Dean, how am I supposed to get to class?” Cas grumbled as he turned his gaze back up to Dean.
“Just a sec, brotha’. Michael,” he’d muttered as he glanced around, carefully keeping Dean shielded from view. Dean had stilled after that, mostly in shock. Jo had poked her head back around the corner of the building and after a second nodded to Benny and stepped back. Just as quickly as they had come, the two of them jogged away leaving Dean with four very curious words to ponder: “You can thank Cas.”
“Wait, wait, wait. All of this is happening because Michael is all butt hurt about being turned down? Are you serious?” Jo cackled as she munched on a fry.
“Keep reading, sour puss. Doorways are safe from five feet out so the zombies can’t camp. And you’re fast, you run basically every morning, you’ll be fine.”
Skidding to a halt just inside the doors of the dining hall, Dean and Charlie doubled over to catch their breaths. They had just led half a dozen overly enthusiastic zombies on a mad chase through the quad. Dean had been forced to leap over a particularly ambitious zombie who had actually dove for Dean’s legs in an attempt to trip him. He wasn’t exactly sure if that was regulation, but he gave the guy points for commitment.
Dean grinned as Cas begrudgingly took the phone and scanned through the announcement that had been sent to his school email. Technically Cas had received the announcement too but Dean didn’t trust his friend to have not immediately trashed the email since it didn’t directly relate to one of his classes. That had been the unfortunate cause of Cas’ shockingly cold shower one night when he deleted the notice about the building’s hot water heater being on the fritz.
“I mean it, Charlie! You should have seen the guy! I mean I knew he gets competitive but this was like, assassin-with-a-hit-list vibes.” Dean hissed as they made their way towards the dining hall.
Just then, the door swung open and Cas entered looking down at his phone with the barest hint of a smirk on his face. Dean’s stomach dropped as he sat up on his bed, his face heating up with a blush.
Dean shivered as the brisk breeze from the east occasionally cut through the heavier black flannel that Dean had bought last year specifically for the night games.
“Episode 5, 20 feet!” Dean called out after one last glance back at their pursuer. After another second or two of sprinting, both he and Charlie stopped, spun around, and threw one of their socks. Dean’s just barely flew past her head but Charlie’s hit home.
“Whatever. Just gotta get through tonight,” he muttered to himself as he tried to tame his bed head. The thought that he probably matched Cas’ perpetual sex hair flitted through his mind and was promptly shoved away. Not now, focus. Gotta focus. Dean stood, pulled on his jacket and the replenished bandolier, and typed out a quick text to the group.
“Not like I needed much arm twisting to take on that asshole. He’s a self righteous prick who thinks he’s better than the rest of us just because his dad is some hot shot who paid his way into the school.”
“I know your policy on chick flick moments but I’m here if you want to talk,” she said softly, taking a seat next to him on the futon.
Charlie and Benny nodded and focused back on Ash as he called for the vote for his own direction. Dean absentmindedly threw up a vote for Ash to join them to the east and typed back a response to Cas.
Dean cleared his throat and reluctantly moved back to his desk where the coffee pot was hissing away. He considered it for a moment before answering.
Dean burst out of the dorm building on high alert, checking both directions before taking off to the tree but had to do a double take as he saw Cas leaning up against the building about 15 feet from the door with a bandana tied around his head. Cas was idly scrolling on his phone and only looked up once he heard Dean’s gasped “holy shit”. Dean knew there was no way in hell he could run away so he didn’t bother, carefully waiting to see what Cas would do instead.
Here we are! The final chapter! And what a better day to post it than on Cas’ birthday! Thank you to everyone one who commented and left kudos, they really sustained me through writing this! One more thank you to my beta Kit who helped tremendously along the way!
“We definitely shouldn’t cross into the parking lot. Too many lights, we’ll be seen way too easily,” said a girl who had introduced herself as Alicia. Her brother Max nodded in agreement next to her.
“I uh…. Well they- you look- You look good.” The frown melted away and revealed the barest hint of a smile.
“Thanks, Chuckles!” he called back to her as he tossed the bandolier over his head and into place over one shoulder.
Meg had been in on it basically the whole time. That had led to a number of realizations. If Cas had told her about the bet and what Cas wanted if he won, he could almost guarantee that she knew that Dean had proposed a date for his side of the deal. That then meant that Meg very likely knew that Dean liked Cas. That would also mean that Meg knew she was riling Dean up when she was flirting with Cas at lunch on Wednesday. The question there was: why? Was it to prove something or just mess with Dean in general? If Cas hadn’t told her about the date though…
“You know what they say about outrunning a bear, you only have to be faster than the person behind you,” Cas said flippantly, giving Dean a wry smile as he turned towards Jo’s dorm, not bothering to check the surroundings before striding off. Benny turned to Dean and Charlie, his eyebrows hitting his hairline.
“Mornin’ sunshine,” he groaned through a stretch. Dean didn’t miss how Cas’ gaze quickly snapped back from the exposed bit of stomach to Dean’s face when he opened his eyes back up. Dean wanted to tease him about it but he wasn’t sure exactly where they stood with each other. Something had changed the night before but he wasn’t exactly sure what. For just a moment there, it really seemed like Cas had wanted to kiss him but then Dean had gone and run his stupid mouth and that was the end of that.
“Anytime, sunshine,” Dean said, winking as he opened the door. Seeing that the coast was clear, he slipped out into the hall, but he heard Cas say something as he left.
“Dean, you okay?” Charlie asked quietly as he flung the remains of the demolished fries into the compost can.
Hello everyone! Sorry for the longer than expected delay! I probably will be going down to updating one a week for these last few chapters but we’ll see.
Cas reached out with his other hand and took hold of the sock hanging off of Dean’s left hip, not pulling it yet, just holding.
Dean had just barely managed to eat his whole sandwich. He had been checking his phone every couple minutes and stood as soon as Charlie was finished eating as well, unable to take any more of whatever annoying story Meg was telling and becoming increasingly touchy throughout.
Dean flung open the door to the stairwell and did his best to pull it closed behind him. He sprinted down the steps as fast as he dared and made it to the landing before he heard the door open above him.
“Do you want to drop by my room quick to get the bells? We have time,” Charlie offered, pulling Dean’s mind back to the plan for the map. He nodded after thinking for a second, still not able to look her in the eyes but the hand she placed on his arm let him know she understood.
He could hear the muffled sounds of other students gathered in the lounge area on the other side of the building but otherwise the floor was quiet. All the other students would either be studying at the library or in their rooms, hunkering down until it was time to leave, or out on campus searching for humans to chase. Dean had the hall mostly to himself but he would also be a pretty big target if a zombie chanced upon him, which wasn’t out of the question.
Dean shook his head and got back to his work, the small room filled with the sounds of scratching pencils and Cas softly humming Ramble On.
After a few short pauses to let roaming zombies pass and one close call with someone who looked suspiciously like Jo chasing after a clearly faster human, their group made it to the library and decided to pause for recon. The science building was within sight of the south western side library so they could send one or two people up to see how bad it was and not run too high of a risk of getting caught.
“I don’t know what you’re referring to,” Cas responded, face carefully neutral. Michael scoffed, rolling his eyes.
“Huh, yeah I wonder why that is? Couldn’t possibly be because my roommate has basically declared war and neglected to tell me that he’s a freakin’ ninja.”
“In fact, I’m not going to go after anyone else, Jo was my only target for today.” Cas pulled the bandana off of his head and folded it up neatly before pocketing it.
"Of course, Dean,” Cas said softly from behind him. Dean breathed a sigh of relief as the tension he hadn't noticed building in his chest unwound. He shot Cas a quick thankful smile over his shoulder. Once again, Dean was reminded why Cas was so easily his best friend. The guy was always mindful of Dean's limits and even when he misjudged those limits, he knew exactly when to step back and give Dean the space he needed.
3. Cas either needed to leave for class before Dean did or he had to give Dean a five minute head start.
It was a calculated risk. Dean hadn’t taken a class in that building since his first year so he wasn’t as familiar with it’s layout and it was possible he would run into other zombies. But the benefits outweighed the negatives. There would be a higher concentration of regular students to get lost in and to get in Michael’s way. Michael should also be as unfamiliar with the building as Dean was. Neither of them would be able to run full speed so Dean could focus on losing Michael in the winding halls instead.
Dean dropped his head to the desk and the guy next to him, apparently engrossed in some last minute additions or corrections on the assignment due in a couple of minutes at the start of class, jumped at the loud thunk. He sat back up and gave a small apologetic wave before looking through the messages that had come in after his mild freak out.
Dean stopped on a dime and spun, expecting to see Michael. Instead, he saw a guy in a black hoodie and black skinny jeans stepping out from the shadows of the building he had just passed. Dean realized he hadn’t even seen him when he had checked. Just as he wound up to throw a sock, the guy pulled the hood back revealing the messiest dark hair he had ever seen, sticking straight up with the help of his red bandana. It was the only splash of color besides his bright blue eyes.
As the door swung shut, Dean found himself being pressed against it for the second time that night. Cas must have ditched the blanket because all Dean felt was miles of bare skin beneath his fingertips where his hands had instinctively come to rest on Cas’ waist. He couldn’t be bothered to look for the blanket when Cas’ lips were busying themselves with the underside of Dean’s jaw.
“The whole quad is pretty bad too but sometimes the chaos can be useful,” Charlie added with a mischievous smirk.
The words on the screen in front of Dean were complete gibberish. He’d been staring at it for exactly 34 minutes, re-reading the same line over and over. He knew because after every attempt to read the line, he’d glance at the clock in the bottom corner to see if another minute had passed. His eyes were starting to burn so he decided to give up. He closed the laptop and rubbed the dryness away, hissing as it got worse before fading.
“Son of a bitch.... Son of a bitch!” Dean paced several times across the room. Dean was an idiot. He had been expecting Cas to come straight for him but Cas was way smarter than that. How often had Dean gloated that one of the reasons Dean had managed to stay human through the apocalypse was because of his so-called mastermind tactics revolving around their friends. Cas was going to turn them all and save Dean for last.
“And what exactly am I thanking you for again?” Dean asked, quickly backing himself up against the side of the building to avoid being snuck up on. For all he knew, this was just a ploy to catch him off guard. Meg rolled her eyes before continuing.
“You see, Meg, the zombie who caught me last night mentioned that she recognized me from our group yesterday and she has it out for all of us, well, all of you. She was going to go after Jo this morning but I decided to beat her to it. Our bet only further solidified the idea, but I had already decided that if anyone gets to turn you all, it’s going to be me.” Cas sure sounded aloof but his eyes were steely as if the idea of this Meg girl catching his friends was a personal slight. If Dean wasn’t the target of such intense possessiveness, he would be flattered. Okay, he was still a little flattered. And a little scared....
Heaving a sigh, Dean dragged his fingers through his hair and debated telling Charlie about the whole situation. It seemed like the gates had been metaphorically opened when he told Cas the story the night before and refused to close again, which was exactly what Dean had been trying to avoid.
“Yeah, laugh it up. It was super funny when he tried to tank my grades because of it,” Dean grumbled. He really did try not to take it too personally. He knew that from an outside perspective, the situation as a whole was entirely ridiculous.
The urge to joke or deflect was strong. He desperately wanted to. It would be easy to laugh it off, to not admit just how upset he had been. On the other hand, Dean realized he would feel like a piece of shit if he started out whatever this was with a lie. Dean flopped his head back down to the pillow and threw his arm over his eyes. He would tell the truth but that didn’t mean that he had to look Cas in the eyes while he did it.
“Go Benny! Make sure the dumbass doesn’t get into trouble,” Dean sighed, rubbing a hand over his face as Benny nodded and jogged off to catch up with Cas. “And you,” he pointed at Charlie. “None of that from you. We’re all gunna make it this year.” Charlie quirked an eyebrow at that. “Okay, fine all of us except maybe Jo. Girl’s got shit luck.” They both shared a quick laugh at that before turning and heading across campus to the humanities building.
Dean considered this. Meg and Michael were pretty hot on their tails today. Would Cas really be willing to throw his teammates under the bus in order to keep his own plan on track?
“It sounds like it. I’m actually about to head over to her room now to discuss tactics for the event tonight.”
"Fine. I'm done. I have better things to do anyways," Michael huffed, trying to save what little pride he had left after Cas' reveal.
“How long for what?” Dean asked, his brain completely fried and the walls he’d hastily constructed around his heart instantly shattered.
“Don’t ‘hello, Dean’” me! What the hell happened! You were supposed to text me when you were ready to leave!”
“Listen up! Doors open back up in 5 minutes. Figure your shit out and be ready to move. Don’t let me down, the fate of the world is at stake tonight. And remember, the game ends once I make it to the building. The second I step foot inside, I’ll blow the whistle and then it’s game over. If I get turned, I’ll blow three times in a row. Either way, you can still get infected so don’t let your guard down,” Ash shouted over the rising din.
Dean looked up and saw Professor Adler standing by the door checking his watch impatiently. Dean switched back over to his messages with Cas as he stood, resisting the urge to roll his eyes.
“All of it. You can have all of it Cas. I’m already yours,” Dean whispered, resting his forehead against Cas’.
“Hey, lover boy,” Meg called out. Dean turned and nearly fumbled the sock that had been tossed to him. Dean didn’t think, this was his one shot. He took his chances and threw. His jaw dropped as it hit Michael square in the chest. He’d been so focused on getting to Dean as quickly as possible that he lost the ability to dodge. This theory was proven when he was forced to jump out of the way as Michael struggled to skid to a stop. Dean decided it would probably be a good idea to hold off on celebrating until the game was over and he got back to the dorm.
The thought that Cas could pretty easily turn Dean now hadn’t even occurred to him. Being turned by Cas was either the worst or the best thing ever. On the one hand, if there was anyone he wouldn’t be angry to be turned by, it would be Cas. On the other hand, if Cas, who had never participated before this year, turned Dean, who had a flawless record, Dean would be mortified.
“Alright, lover boy. What’s got your panties in a twist now?” She asked, sitting back down next to Dean.
Dean didn’t bother slowing himself, choosing to crash directly into the wall in front of him. He spun and saw Michael at the top of the stairs, literally jumping down to the landing. With no time to consider the impending collision, Dean threw the sock and hit his target. He also had no time to celebrate though because Michael only avoided completely crushing Dean by slamming his palms against the wall on either side of Dean’s head.
“Fake one. Either way you won’t see his reactions when he figures it out so may as well throw him for a loop in the process.”
The brunette girl seemed like less of a threat comparatively but Dean hadn’t liked the look of determination in her eye the last time they gave her the slip. Dean figured she was fast in a straight line but they could probably shake her if they were agile enough. He hoped that she at least was not on some sports team too. The last thing they needed were two athletes on their tails. Dean shared the sentiment with Charlie just as another text came into the group thread.
“Sure, that light might be out but the south side of campus is lit pretty well in general, more roads. I think we should swing north instead.”
Happy Wednesday! As always thank you to my awesome beta Kit! My next chapter may not be done in time for Saturday, life happened, you know how it goes. Either way, it shouldn’t be more than a day or two late so stay tuned! Thank you for all the comments and kudos! Now enjoy!
Dean focused on destroying one of his French fries as thoroughly as humanly possible while Charlie visibly stiffened beside him. Unfortunately, his distress must have been clearly visible.
“Aren’t coffee makers included in the list of appliances not allowed in dorm rooms?” Cas questioned, rubbing the sleep out of his eyes as he accepted a mug from Dean. A decently sized coffee maker now sat on the corner of his cluttered desk along with a mostly full gallon jug of water that he used to fill it. Cas raised an eyebrow, apparently just now seeing the three other jugs stored under the desk.
“Sounds like I need to start thinking about what I want if I win the bet next year then,” Dean mused.
“Well then…” Dean sighed, turning back to Cas and pushing the door shut. Before he could close it all the way, a thud against the heavy wood and a foot in the jamb stopped him. Startled, Dean and Cas watched as a blonde head forced its way into the room.
“So how many of you have actually ‘survived’ besides Dean?” Cas asked, yet again breaking out the air quotes.
“Reload!” Dean called and gripped the sock Charlie slapped into his palm. As she pulled free her own fresh sock from the clips she had meticulously attached to the fabric, Dean heard a tearing sound and watched in horror as the bandolier fell away.
Why weren’t they moving towards the shore? The boat dipped and dived on the surface, and the storm current picked up along the top of the kelp, waving it back and forth. Castiel felt a tug on his tail fin and looked down to see Gabriel beckoning him down, but he waved him off impatiently, turning his gaze back up to the surface.
Castiel sat back on the wooden seat, trying not to think about the corpse jostling along behind them, but Winchester had other plans, evidently.
Instead, his bag swings down to his feet, all his responsibilities momentarily forgotten, and he gathers Castiel into his arms and kisses him.
The curricle ride down past St. Paul’s to The Roadhouse Inn was blessedly swift. Castiel offered nothing of himself, and Dean didn’t ask. Instead, they were stuck in the chill silence of the cool winter’s day, both sitting stiffly, sneaking appraising glances at the other when each thought they wouldn’t be caught.
It wasn’t that Dean didn’t like life on the trawler—it was hard work, for sure, but the open sea, the wind and the waves, were all he’d ever known. Fishing was all he knew how to do. There would never be another path for him.
Their two jackets were side-by-side on the mattress by the time the sparking green flames smoothed out, a strange soft hiss announcing their progression into a glassy, oddly transparent surface.
“Oh, you betcha,” she nodded firmly. “And when we left him a few minutes ago, he was the most lively any of ‘em have been.”
The few times Dean spoke with her were short-lived, although she seemed pleasant enough—Dean supposed he could see why Castiel was taken with her. Her bright eyes and rosebud lips often seemed to Dean to hold a sort of smirk about them, like she knew something that he was not privy to. He tried to dismiss such thoughts as uncharitable, but he couldn’t help that they made him uneasy.
“And what about you, Mister Winchester?” Lady Donn was saying, pulling Dean’s attention back. “What are your plans for this summer?”
Once they had walked through the gallery of past Donn family members and made their way up the wide staircase, the hustle of other guests around them had quieted and they were finally alone. As they walked along the hallway to where their rooms were, Dean slipped his supporting arm from around Castiel to slide it gently into his hand, instead, giving it an illicit squeeze.
Sam waited in the tall-ceilinged foyer, his eyes on Dean’s unfortunate walk. He smirked. Brothers. All devils, the lot of them.
“No, nothing’s happened. I mean, we might have been close. But the magic, the bond, it’s...incredible. It’s like my whole body lights up when we’re close, like I’m about to—”
“Thanks, Captain Obvious,” he says grumpily, his head still pounding. His phone’s been turned off for most of the weekend—he had spent all of Friday driving, holing up in a rundown motel, thinking and drinking and staring up at the ceiling. By the next night, Dean was feeling grubby in Thursday’s clothes, and he couldn’t in good conscience keep buying whiskey shots when he had a fifth in his kitchen at home. He’d come back to Palo Alto, halfway expecting Castiel to be sleeping on his bed, waiting for him to return. When that hadn’t been the case, Dean had stripped off his dirty clothes, grabbed a case of El Sol and chugged three beers in the shower.
“I’m just wondering whether you’re making it a mission to ruin all my shirts.” Cas says with a dry quirk of the eyebrow. Damn, Dean loves it when he does that.
to complete before reading it, today's update is the final chapter (😭). Make sure you go check it out, it's incredible (not to mention hot!) -Ellen
“Mom and Pop aren’t what you would call…well, ‘parents,’” Gabriel says bluntly. “Think their paternal and maternal instincts got lost in the mail.”
After one very successful solo-session and another cup of coffee, he’s finally dressed, feeling utterly stupid in dress slacks and a button-up. At least that’s one thing to mark off the to-do list, which is currently: 1) Stop by the Witch’s Brew for
Castiel pops off the end of Dean’s dick, making him draw a sharp breath again. “In the drawer, there.” He gestures to the nightstand, and Dean opens the drawer, pulling out a tube of gel. Castiel squeezes some onto his fingers. He’s never actually touched anyone else like this, let alone another man, only tried it on himself. The idea makes him a little nervous, but he’s heard it can be very pleasurable so he’s willing to give it a try. He rubs his fingers across Dean’s rim again, smoother this time, then dips his index finger past the tight muscle.
The older man only said a few gruff words, but Dean nodded, murmured a few words in return, and reached out one hand to Castiel, his palm up.
After the kitchen is tidy, Cas moves forward into Dean’s space and wraps his arms around Dean, pulling him into a lingering kiss. “Thank you, Dean. I...I really enjoy having you here.”
Castiel saw his last chance. Straightening his posture, he kept his tone light. “It’s my collection. The humans have methods of working metal and other materials different from any other I've seen! If we could just make contact with them, we could—”
There would be no excuses for missing this one. At Dean’s club that night, the gentlemen were all atwitter about who would be attending, and complained about how their wives and daughters were buying up all the lace in town so they’d be the most gaudy bird present. Despite Dean’s reluctance to attend, the ton would be out in force, and he’d be a fool to miss this opportunity to make a connection or two.
"Oh really? You should come along, it's a lot of fun. Me 'n Charlie can show you around… Y'know, if you want." Dean starts back up the stairs again, turning his face away.
“Hey, Cas. Miss me?” Dean says, his cheeky grin in place. He claps his hand to Cas’ shoulder and an arc of magic zaps between them.
The kitchen was dim and smelled of hot sausage and milky oats, the remnants of the servants’ breakfast still on the table. Dean snagged a sausage with his bare fingers as he walked past on his way to where Mrs Harvelle stood, a formidable sight at the head of the table with a huge rolling pin in her hands, thumping away at some kind of dough.
Dean watches him go, glaring at his back. How dare he refer to Cas as an “it” in the first place, let alone suggest that Cas is playing him? He shakes his head, and heads for the bathroom.
He kisses Dean without preamble, sucking Dean’s lower lip between his teeth, the dirtiest and most frantic kiss Cas has ever given him. Any semblance of restraint is shattered and Dean moans into Cas’ mouth, licking between his parted lips and grasping his neck to pull him down further, deepening the kiss. Cas’ erection is hanging down above his groin now, hard and leaking at the tip, and Dean can’t decide if he wants to taste or touch. He wants both, he wants everything Cas will give him, but his boyfriend’s body is a goddamn dream and Dean’s gotta get this show on the road before he blows his load prematurely.
“Fuck,” he muttered. They were headed east, away from shore. Which meant that ahead of them… “Benny! The Rocks!”
“Well, as long as they’re not—what was it that letter said? ‘Bland and inedible?’” Dean responded, grinning as he leaned back, giving Castiel space to top up his teacup for him.
“You make it sound so appealing,” Castiel says dryly, though beneath the tone Dean can tell he’s touched by the suggestion. There’s a brief pause between them, and Castiel clears his throat, looking up at him with curious eyes. “Can I ask you a question?”
Dean checks his watch again, tapping his fingers restlessly on the lectern in front of him. It's unusual for Cas to be late. Even less usual considering today is their final class for the semester, and a final revision session before their assessment is due.
She whisper-shouts through her grin, "You dog! You did bring someone home! When were you gonna tell me?" She adds in a more serious tone, "You know you don't have to hide that shit from me. I'm
Cas, on the other hand, is like a beacon in this place. He pulses with power, all the magic he’s been drawing from Dean the last few days amplified by the spells channeling the Earth’s power.
A movement in front of him drew his eye—Meg had moved to lean back against the tub, watching Cas’ movements at Dean’s back, then her eyes moved to Dean’s to take in his reactions. Dean was sure he must look wrecked already—his heart was thundering in his chest, a trickle of sweat ran down his temple.
"It seems so. We're stronger than we realize." It scares him, in fact, how much he'd wanted to continue casting with Dean last night. How far might they have gone? Anna had mentioned she thought he and Dean were bonded—if that were true, what might they be capable of? He hasn’t read through the Profound Bond book for a few years, the one he let Dean borrow, but perhaps he needs to do a little more research.
In the mere seconds Dean had been occupied, the man had rushed back to Castiel and had him pinned by the throat against the wall. Castiel’s toes scrambled for the floor, but he rallied valiantly; pummeling the creature around the head with tight fists that Dean was certain he’d never want to be on the receiving end of.
Dean glances up at Charlie. “Yeah, it’s going. They said I could do the project I was interested in, so that’s a start, right?”
“The Earl of Braeden has extended an invitation to stay with them for several weeks before the new Season begins,” John said, his tone brooking no argument. “Should all go well—as I fully expect it to, Dean—then the Earl will likely be ready to hear a request for his daughter’s hand by the time Parliament opens and the Season begins. Meaning, I hope, that you can secure her before someone else gets a mind to.”
Pausing as he swam past, Castiel smiled as he leaned on the doorway of the crèche, listening in as Joshua continued, his voice reverent as his time-worn fins rippled gently.
“Over the rail, boys!” Dean shouted over the roar of the fire, and he yanked Sam forward and shoved him towards the starboard side. Sam hesitated, but Dean shoved him again towards the rail and turned to help one of the others, only to notice the fire licking at the bottom of the barrel that had been across the hatch—the barrel containing the rest of the fireworks. He turned and dived for the railing behind Sam and the crew, but the fire caught and debris blasted across the deck in a loud explosion. Fireworks whizzed everywhere, and Dean climbed onto the rail to jump over into the water below. But before he could leap to safety, something caught him in the back of the head and he fell, senseless.
Under different circumstances he might have admired the way the sheriff’s hips sway as she walks away, might swing back by the sheriff’s office once this case is done. These days, though, he has other plans.
Dean’s new friends cheered as they licked salt and downed their shots, but the lemon wedge dropped from Dean’s mouth as the door of the bar was flung open, a figure momentarily silhouetted by a bright flash of lightning.
That was fine—Castiel was furious himself. He was shaking with it, his anger like a red hot flame in his chest.
Castiel nodded briefly as he began to clear the empty plates they were no longer using onto his tray. “Close to the Pump Rooms, where the spa is. I’m aware of the place, but similarly, I’ve never had room to visit, of course.”
“Okay,” Castiel smiles as they share a heated look, then he turns back to the book, as Dean starts typing.
They'd waited all morning, with Dean constantly questioning whether he's done the right thing leaving Cas behind on his own.
“Speak of the Devil,” Dean murmured. “Looks like there’s a letter in the newspaper about the place.”
"Oh, I'm moving back to the states. Guess I missed you too much." She eyes Castiel over the rim of her mug.
“I am indifferent to sexual orientation or presentation,” Castiel says, his voice a low growl. “All I need you to do is climax. Can you do that for me, Dean?”
Opening day had been running so smoothly, Castiel thought, until Lady Hester Holmes and her friends had turned up.
As he crosses the boundary the rain thankfully lets up, but a cold wind still blows, chilling his damp clothes.
The final crate was thankfully much lighter than the last had been, filled as it was with linens rather than crockery. Castiel turned to face the building and looked up at its façade. The words “Tea Room” and “Reading Room” were still painted dark against the whitewashed wall above each window, and the address above the door. It wasn’t quite the way he remembered, but there was no time for fresh paint or any kind of decoration now. How had he got into this mess?
“Ah, yes,” Dean said, sitting up a little straighter. He paused, hearing footsteps, and then nodded and thanked one of the maids as she appeared with a tray containing tea, the day’s newspapers, and a platter of cold sliced beef and cheese, as promised.
"Sure you can. It's a gift—you keep those," he says, pushing Cas' fist back towards him. "'Sides, it shows you I'm in this for the long game," he adds, looking down and fiddling with the edge of his shirt, color still in his cheeks.
Uriel shakes his head. "That useless mage hasn't shown his face. We'll have to move forward without him."
"I'm sure," he says, and places one palm on Benny's broad chest. He hasn't ever attempted healing like this before, but he knows the principle—it's merely a transfer of energy. He closes his eyes and draws forth his own magic, attempting to feel around the edges of Benny's. His own energy spools from inside his chest and gathers in his palm, before Benny's magic, wild and strong, swirls forward and engulfs him, drawing more. Castiel gasps at the sensation—Benny must be exceptionally powerful for his draw to be so strong. Too strong. He pulls back, opening his eyes to see a little color back in Benny's face, but his heart is still laboring, and still his magic draws on Castiel's.
He didn’t stop, so Castiel followed after him. “Please, Gabriel. The human would have died! I couldn’t just let that happen.”
He takes his time getting dressed, mostly a vain attempt to calm himself down, thinking the least alluring thoughts so Little Dean will remember this is a family holiday. He dresses in his nicest pair of denim, grabs a light brown flannel with patterns of red and gold spun throughout, and laces up his boots. He checks his reflection in the mirror, noticing that his hair is already dry, but does the frizz spell Lisa had taught him as extra insurance.
When I turned to follow his gaze, I saw Castiel standing down the corridor. He was leaning in to hear what someone—I was pretty sure it was Hannah but it was difficult to tell when everyone was masked up—was saying.
Dean laughed humourlessly. “That’s true, but the sooner it’s done, the sooner things can go back to how they were.”
“The code was some alchemical invention, only able to be read by smearing one’s blood across it. Messy business. Ash’s fingers should recover in time.” He waved a hand, dismissing Ash’s condition as Dean murmured, “Blood?”
“Uh…” Truthfully, Dean’s not doing a damn thing tonight. He’s busy brainstorming on his thesis, sure, but deep-down he knows he’s avoiding dating anyone because he’s holding out hope that Castiel will see him as more than just a student. It’s really not that far-fetched, he thinks—he’s twenty-five, Dr. Novak is twenty-eight. He’s almost earned his master’s, Castiel just received his doctorate. Maybe one day, his professor will look up and notice Dean properly, will flirt with him again like he did at the faculty potluck, will send him suggestive texts instead of friendly emails. It’s a hope he’s gasping with everything he’s got. “Pretty sure I’m busy, but can I text you?”
, Anna thinks immediately, wishing she could take notes without looking suspicious. How is Crowley planning to neutralize those alarms? Does he even know they exist?
Dean peeled himself reluctantly up off of Castiel, but couldn’t help his eyes roving across his form, searching for harm. He held out a hand, helping him up. “M’lord,” he murmured, mostly between the two of them, “are you alright?”
“Wow.” Dean huffs out a breath, hands on his hips. “Thanks, Ellen. Hope we make it there eventually.”
“Well, yes. But how does one lure a demon in the first place? We need bait of some sort to lay a trap.” Castiel tried to keep frustration out of his tone—they’d been talking themselves in circles for the whole journey, not thinking of any viable solutions.
together. When he'd gone into the kitchen to get another beer (the ones Dean had brought over), the kitchen chair was still backwards in the position it had been in when they'd had the best sex of Castiel's life so far, and he'd had to turn the chair around and hurry out before he either ended up in tears or broke something.
Munching contentedly on his hazelnuts, Dean led Castiel along the gravel path across the large green. The sun had dropped a little further, and light shone out underneath clouds above the park, streaking the sky with orange and pink. The splash of color, with the greens of early summer below, filled Castiel with gratitude for being alive and here in this moment—something he’d scarcely felt since he left England for war all those years ago.
“Bonaparte would have won long ago, and brought such wonderful revolution to this corner of the world, if our leaders hadn’t kept throwing our boys to their deaths,” Lady Donn’s voice rose with the terrifying energy of a true fanatic. “He’ll have help, now. My Frederick’s death will be avenged when Boney walks on our shores, and eliminates the bumbling fools that took him from me.”
Dean nodded, taking in Cas’ stiff bearing, his reluctance to look at Dean. Could he still be holding onto some old grievance, even now? “No matter, I have been introduced now. I am happy for you.”
“Gentlemen, welcome,” he said warmly. The unassuming Lord Charles Shurley was already known to Dean, having met him on several occasions in London over the last few years. Castiel had discovered just the other week at Balthazar’s that Shurley was quite an admirer of Dean’s, and had been pleased to hear that Castiel was working with him. “Come, Milton,” he said genially, “Let me show you around.”
Dean had managed to expand his Latin far beyond the words he’d required for Adam’s dull sermons since they’d begun this case, and he found himself able to join in assuredly, raising his voice to twine with Castiel’s. “
The clean up began in earnest two days later, once Castiel had recovered enough lung capacity to climb the stairs to his apartment and throw all the windows wide to start airing out the smoke.
over him so strong that he nearly swayed in place. The scent of old leather and deck oil felt like home. He slid his arms into the heavy sleeves and watched as his father turned to walk back into the living room, his face set into a disapproving sneer.
It just wouldn’t do to have someone running into the room and finding the two of them so crudely entwined, though the thought amused Dean more than he’d care to admit. Some of his stuffy colleagues could use a good dose of exactly what he was getting.
That assumption might not have been totally true as the stretch burns and makes him pant, gripping Castiel’s shoulder for stability.
“Ah, true.” There was a twinkle in Sam’s eye. “At least you’ll get the better of the pair here in his finest, hmm?”
“I’m not sure I agree with that assessment,” Castiel says cooly, as if every word is a struggle to keep calm and measured. “Not only can some people not
“Charlie seems happier since I left for London,” Dean said, reaching for the top newspaper of the pile once he’d had his fill of meats. “Not that she was unhappy before, but she’s…lighter, perhaps. She hasn’t said anything, but I wonder if she’s had her eye caught by someone or other.”
“Yeah,” Dean answers lamely, glancing down, distracted by the minor freakout he’s having. What if someone saw them? What if Cas gets scared and breaks things off between them? What if—
“Gabriel,” Anna says, her voice scolding as she tilts her head in Cas’ direction. They share a glance before Gabriel sighs.
"Ah, Cas," Anna says, pulling him back into a hug. "He loves you, you know that. I'm sure he'll follow you anywhere. You should still tell him about this, though. Tonight."
“S’fine,” Dean mutters, though it is anything but fine. He’s standing in his bedroom, in a towel, staring at Cas and nearing the edge of his bed—the bed where he gets his rocks off to images of the blue-eyed professor on a regular basis. If he doesn’t end up with a boner, it’s gonna be a goddamn miracle. “Just gonna grab some clothes, and, uh, not be naked anymore.”
Fifteen minutes later, Cas drives his Prius along West 6th St, heading out of Lawrence. The cemetery is only twenty minutes away, but he intends to wring as much information out of Dean as he can in that time. He'd rather be somewhat prepared before they get there.
A flash of light from the lace at her throat caught Castiel’s attention, and he remembered a night a few weeks ago at Balthazar’s. Red hair, fine satin and lace—this must be...
Seeing it again snapped him back into focus, reminding him why he was here in the first place. He needed to get the amulet, and he needed to get it soon.
Castiel comes forward and gently grabs the notepad and pencil from where Dean had tucked it in the back pocket of his jeans.
Dean watched him as he moved into the front of the shop, memories of the merman surfacing. He was sure it had been real—that he really had been rescued by a merman, just like a freaking fairytale—but with everyone telling him about head trauma causing hallucinations or memory loss, he had no choice but to question his own memories.
The uncomfortable soreness in Dean’s buttocks informed him that spending four hours on horseback after suffering several days’ carriage journey down from London was, perhaps, not his smartest move of the year. Edward, the Winchesters’ footman, inclined his head as he opened the door to Campbell House, revealing Sam waiting in the foyer. Dean walked up the short steps from the front gardens as smoothly as he was able, hoping that his awkward waddle would remain unremarked upon.
A while later, he’s drinking a beer on the back patio when the door crack opens. Castiel takes his seat without a greeting, just comments on the sunset and reaches over to take Dean’s hand. Dean’s mind feels preoccupied, whirling with thoughts of their relationship and their future, and it startles him when Cas kisses his knuckles and whispers, “Sorry.”
Dean’s face lit up with a smile, and he turned in his seat to look at the lights. “Fireflies, Cas.” The word was unfamiliar to Castiel, and Dean added a few more words after that he didn’t know.
“So, we were talking about your job prospects before we were rudely interrupted,” she says, casting her eyes over at Gabriel’s direction, who simply shrugs.
“No, let him go. He’s not bold enough to do anything about it.” Castiel shuts the door again, locking it once more both manually and with a locking spell. He feels Dean’s silencing charm slip back into place, so he turns, allowing the magic of the witchlight to disperse.
Dean is the first one to speak, and he’s hushed as though he doesn’t want anyone to overhear. “So you think the Seal is in the middle of this maze?”
“What are you…?” Gabriel eyes go from wide to narrow as he sees Castiel, interest piqued, walking towards them. “Ugh, seriously? I hate when you two do that freaky little telepathy talk. It’s like your
The air inside was still thick with a charred, smoky stink, that only got worse as Castiel continued towards the Reading Room. Everything appeared in order in the Tea Room, but someone was in the Reading Room—he could hear banging and scraping.
TCBaby: Exactly. I am beyond impressed with Ellen's knowledge of American holidays, haha. Meanwhile, things sure are heating up in the kitchen…sorry, sorry, spoilers.
Castiel’s eyes widened, taking in Dean sitting beside him, before his shoulders slumped and fell. He looked defeated, turning his eyes down to the stones at their feet. “I suppose it was foolish to think that I could hide the extent of my weakness from you for much longer,” he confessed to the toes of his boots.
“We both do,” Crowley says cheerily. “Sam, the moose that Ruby recruited using her womanly wiles. She had no idea how useful it might prove to be.”
Castiel was certain this was the first time those particular words had ever crossed his father’s lips. “Thank you,” he hazarded, not sure what else to say.
“Yeah, I’m sure we will.” Cas adds, almost absently, “Not sure I’ve got much other than bread in the house, but toast will do for dinner.”
Being so close to Dean as the rain beat down was both stifling and intoxicating. The rain had enhanced not only the smell of the wet leaves on the grass and the pleasant tang of petrichor, but the spicy leather smell that Castiel had come to associate with Dean and calm and comfort was almost overwhelming. He pulled at his linen cravat, feeling like it was choking him. Untying it, he pulled it loose and mopped his face with it, wiping the rain out of his eyes.
Cas bucks forward slightly, and Dean pulls at Cas’ hip to get him to hunch up onto his knees, giving Dean access to grab Cas’ neglected dick, and gently start to jerk it in time with his fingering. Cas moans, low and rough, and Dean reminds himself that he’s doing this for Cas tonight, that he doesn’t need to rut his own sensitive cock against Cas’ thigh like he’s desperate to do. Instead, he adds a second finger and pushes down to locate the perfect spot to make Cas see stars. He doesn’t disappoint, almost convulsing on the bed as he cries out, “Dean! Ah, yes, right there!” and it only takes a few moments more before he’s coming all over Dean’s hand and the bedcovers. Oops.
“What?” Castiel asks, quirking one eyebrow. They’re standing so close that he can feel the heat radiating from Dean’s body, sense his magic simmering under his skin. His own magic calls out, but their spell is complete for now.
Cas' face lights up as realization dawns. “Oh, Jack’s actually my nephew—we have different last names."
Castiel startles and curses internally, turning to look into a face he wasn’t expecting to see here at all. Mick Davies—a classmate and friend of his and Meg’s.
“Ow! Get off, jerk!” Sam says, muffled underneath Dean's arm, but he pats Dean’s shoulder before Dean straightens up and gets back to his feet. “Did you really expect me to stay put down there when you were heading back into this?”
Dean presses two fingers absentmindedly to his sternum, rubbing. He'd been making plans back home. Been thinking about what to do, how to move forward. The future had always been some wild, untamable creature, and after Chuck, even moreso, but for the first time, he'd found himself looking forward to it. A bit. The research was always there on his laptop, tabs waiting to be explored after the sun went down, old tomes promising new leads.
When the sun goes down, a mirror for the life he left, Dean goes to the dock and stares out at the lake. He thinks he can see Cas's handiwork in it: bees hover near the edges, by the wildflowers that have grown tall and willowy. Of course that would be something Cas included. There's not even a purpose to bees up here, yet there they are, buzzing around the dark bloom centers.
Cas approaches, rounds the table like he’s heading into a firefight with all his weight behind him. “You said we were family.”
Castiel is back in Hell, surrounded by demons and screams, and Dean Winchester’s soul is shining brighter than the sun.
It can’t be. That can’t be what has caused Castiel’s mouth to dry like the desert sands, or his breath to have grown fast and thin. Jealousy is a human emotion; it has no place in a seraph or a soldier. There can be no jealousy for there can be nothing to be jealous
He shouldn’t, but he does. He finds Amelia Novak in her sleep and lets her dream of her husband making breakfast in their kitchen. He seeks out Claire Novak, with her blood running as hot as Jimmy’s, body built to house Castiel’s grace, and summons memories of her past, her family, whole and complete.
He puts a hand to his face, fingertips trailing across his eyebrows, as Cas says, “Do you think I enjoy it any more than you, Dean?”
; at least, that’s what he tells himself. She carries the bits that stayed behind like an invisible crown, even with the humans around her scattering around diagnoses and disorders, labels that keep her locked away. She’s an angel, even though she’s not, and Dean Winchester is drawn to her like a moth to a flame.
Jimmy cries, salt tangy against Castiel’s grace, and Castiel cannot see if its from joy or pain. Perhaps, he thinks, the two are too closely tied to discern.
Cas shrugs. There's something very human about it. “Regrets are something you leave at the door here.”
and him alone, and Dean Winchester is carving tendrils from a weeping life that might have, at one point, been a young woman.
“Rarely,” Cas replies, a blip of sardonic humor learned too little, too late. “You said I was dead to you.”
Jimmy turns his head away, nearly fading of his own volition to a place Castiel can no longer find him.
“We’re in my head,” Dean shoots back, brow furrowing. His mouth quirks half up, the way it does when he encounters something that doesn’t fit neatly into his preconceived boxes.
Cas’ eyes snap up, lock on Dean’s, and shit, shit, this is terrible, this is awful; Dean can’t take it back, can’t swallow it back up and pin it down, stomp it into submission.
There’s a rite for angels who have lost their way. There’s a fix for those charged with Heaven’s mission who can no longer see the path. Castiel is nothing, and then he’s remade, and the storm that rages in the clouds mirrors the same storm curdling through his grace. He’s felt and wanted and needed, and they burn all of it out of him.
Jo needles him in the side with her elbow. It's just as pointy as Dean remembers. “You left us hanging for so long. I'm not exactly
They most certainly are, and Castiel should be the same. Jimmy’s thoughts turn to his wife and daughter and grow heavy, morose, and there is an echo of the feeling Castiel had experienced earlier. The sadness. Jimmy is sad to have left them. He worries, the sensation twisting his awareness around until it aches. It must be his fault that Castiel is feeling what he does.
Castiel needs a vessel to find Dean Winchester, and Jimmy Novak needs a sign that his faith has been acknowledged.
In the bunker, lies swell up on Dean’s tongue again, easy and dripping, and he says one, and then another just to prove he can. He’d never really thought about what his life would be like without the lies he clings to, and having been stripped bare, falling back into the shield is heavenly. They can sidestep around the rest as Chuck blathers and preens, proud of himself and the damage Jack’s done somehow, but Cas keeps staring at Dean with that unblinking gaze, and Dean feels just as exposed as he did without his pretenses back in the conference room.
He suspects that's something he should spend a little more time thinking about, but he has other things on his mind.
He will find Dean later, in the real world, the world of salt and blood and mud beneath his feet, the world his brothers and sisters don’t fully understand. He passes him an address, and the eyes around them begin to close in.
Not the way that Jimmy always had, at least, and Castiel sends the thought along the taut tether between them, closing his eyes and sighing.
Mary is happy to see him, but the resigned sort of happy. Dean supposes that makes sense. Your son is dead. Even reunited, there's something there. A sting.
Uriel would punish him for such a thing, for such a slip. If anyone else knew, Castiel would be sent back to Heaven immediately for re-education, for “alterations”, and he knows this, knows this deep down through his newly-borrowed nerves, but he stills. Jimmy’s happiness at being chosen by Heaven is intoxicating, and Castiel wants to feel more of it. It’s
“You won’t age. You won’t grow old. You thought the last year was painful?” Castiel asks, Claire’s mouth turning his words into reality.
Castiel should turn the connection off. He should put Jimmy to sleep where he will dream, contentedly, of his wife and daughter, instead of worry about their safety.
The sight of them pricks hot at the sides of Dean's vision, and it's yet another thing he isn't ready to face yet. It's been a split second, a splintered cough, a splash of red, since he…anyway, it hasn't been enough time. He's still running to catch up with everything, processing a half beat too slow. To mask the surge of emotion, he smiles down at the beer and says, “This really is Heaven, huh?”
“Leave her,” Jimmy says, flesh and bone once more and spitting blood. His eyes flash. “Take me. Take me instead.”
Castiel’s eyes snap open. His vessel’s hands have fisted together around the stolen trench coat. He should have put Jimmy to sleep at the very beginning, and this is the price he is paying for his laxness. His vessel is reacting to his emotions unconsciously, involuntarily, and it rattles in Castiel’s grace.
Castiel closes his eyes. His vessel remembers him, and his grace remembers his vessel, but somehow, the fit is slightly off. They are a beat apart, unsynced, and Castiel cannot find the reason why. He wishes that closing his eyes would cause everything to fall away, but when he opens them again, Dean is still there, against Castiel’s face, so close Castiel can see the gold flecking the green of his eyes.
The only answer is the soft sigh of the night insects in the brush behind him, and once the sky darkens blue and indigo, Dean picks himself up off the dock and heads back to the cabin partially obscured by thick pine trees.
The pinking sky helps something in his chest unfurl. Bits and pieces of his regret start to melt away, until he's limp and relaxed, surrounded by the chirping of crickets. He could get used to this.
“Hey, I don’t hate running, I just don’t do it unless I’m being chased, which in this case, I am,” Dean corrected, swinging his bag on to his bed as he collapsed into his own desk chair across from Cas, who swiveled to face him.
Dean huffed and went back to dragging his fingers though the mess of soft hair. It was therapeutic in a way and Dean found himself relaxing to the point of closing his eyes. The silence was comfortable and Dean could have fallen asleep, fully clothed and on top of the blankets, but then Cas lifted his head.
“It’s fine, Cas. It’s not like you’re my therapist or somethin’,” Dean grumbled, after burning his tongue on his coffee, even though he had known it wasn’t cool enough to drink.
Two summers ago, Cas had decided that he wanted to learn how to whistle, the kind where you put your fingers in your mouth. He spent weeks working at it. One day his fingers had actually started pruning from how long they had been in his mouth. Once he had started getting the hang of it, his mom had told Cas that he had to practice outside since it was too loud. Cas apologized profusely and started begging Dean to go on walks with him so he could take his practice to the nearby woods. Every day, rain or shine, Cas and Dean walked through the woods as Cas perfected the whistle. Dean thought he might actually have gotten slight tinnitus in his right ear from that summer. So needless to say, Dean could recognize that whistle anywhere.
“Number two: if you two assholes aren’t together by the end of the night, I’m going to personally kick your ass.”
“Now don’t you go pulling any fancy maneuvers, Chuckles. This isn’t Moondoor, the only rule here is ‘survive’,” Dean scolded jokingly.
"Jesus, dude. Does he know that you've been chasing after me like some freaking puppy?" Dean asked with a shocked laugh.
“If we hug the back of the library, that should get us past the worst of the lights on the north side.”
“Let’s go! I don’t know if I still have a tail or not,” Dean warned. Charlie scrambled from her hiding spot and fell in behind Dean as they both angled towards the dining hall. They were almost in the clear, just a quick minute or two jaunt keeping their heads up and they could relax for a bit. A quick thrown sock from Charlie and a brief sprint away from a mercifully slow zombie got them within view of the dining hall.
“Well, in that case, feel free to complain anytime,” He said, pouring some sugar into his mug from the container on the corner of Dean’s desk.
In the slight illumination provided by the alarm clock, Cas’ shock at being caught shifted to a soft smile.
But as they made their way silently across the streets and grass of campus, Dean couldn’t help thinking that it wasn’t always the wind. Every once in a while, the hair on the back of his neck would stand up and he felt eyes on his back. Every time he looked, there was no one there but that didn’t stop the feeling from prickling at his skin.
Castiel took a breath himself, wanting to tell Dean that he would always wait for him, but he knew he could not give him a reason not to take this opportunity. “Dean, we may both be romantic fools, but we are also realists. You know you cannot put your father off forever—he will not let you rest until he has forced a wife on you.”
"Lord Milton," she gushed, "Mister Winchester tells us you've recently returned from the peninsula."
Castiel stares at the back of Dean Winchester’s head, unable to get his vessel’s breathing under control, and is afraid.
By the time he returns to awareness, his grace is stiff, almost as if he has never used it before. His wings brush against the bounds he does not remember being there before, invisible chains at the far stretches of his universe.
“Don't.” Dean lets go, sits up. Finally gets a look at Cas again, after everything. No trace of black goo. No scars. Just those bright blue eyes, wide and illuminated by the fake-Heaven moonlight. “Don't do that, not now. This is my Heaven, isn't it? So I get to choose. And I choose you.”
Dean sits on a chair and looks out over a still lake. His hands slowly circle the fishing rod, but he makes no move to recast the line. Lit by the setting sun, he shimmers, and Castiel is falling, falling, so quickly there’ll be nothing left once he hits the ground. His heart hammers in his chest and his tongue sticks to the roof of his mouth, and he wants. He
So, that’s the worst of it then; Dean is stuck in the white-washed meeting room of a yuppie new-age company that endorses hoverboards, he can’t lie, and Cas just walked in with Chuck trailing behind him, a shit-eating grin splitting his face. If Dean just keeps his mouth shut for once in his life, maybe they’ll all get out of this with minimal emotional scarring.
There is a scream, and then another, and Castiel can’t tell them apart. One is furious and vengeful, Hell itself rising up to try and reclaim its lost prize, and the other—the other is Michael, for Castiel has just laid claim to the chosen vessel of the strongest, the most holy, the sword of Heaven. Dean Winchester was
“I'm sorry,” he says, quietly. “I'm sorry I didn't—I'm sorry I couldn't say anything. Before you…went. I should have, but I just couldn't, I dunno. I couldn't process that fast. Billie was there, and she was coming for us, and you dropped that bomb about making a deal with the Empty, and then everything sort of just kept going. Like a train. Unstoppable.”
,” and by the tone, it’s the fourth or fifth time he’s tried while Dean’s been zoning out in his own self-preservation haze.
“Will you just let me say it?” Dean huffs out a ragged laugh. “C'mon, I'm dead. I get at least one wish, don't I?”
that reverberate through his consciousness. Part of him feels proud that he has been chosen in the garrison sent to retrieve the Righteous Man’s soul, even if he is nothing but a foot soldier in the midst of greater beings, a number paling in comparison next to the blinding goodness of the archangel leading the charge through the gore and carnage, stained red like human blood. Castiel’s brothers and sisters are in front of him and behind him as they carve their way through the misery, and he hears them,
