"Just trying to find more pleasant memories to bring up than talking about Harry's drinking and Dad's--"
“Well, that safe of his contained a great many secrets. I returned to the scene. As you yourself have written in The Hound of Baskervilles, Doctor, remnants remain, even when papers appear to be thoroughly destroyed. That villain was willing to wait, torturing his victims with fear of disclosure, until the time proved right.”
I still hold that my desire to see him again was in spite of this game of his, not because of it. I believe this to be the moment I first began to suspect it for the flirtation which it was.
"Why should I have changed?" the preself interrupted. "I'm not interested and then, suddenly, I am? Far more likely I'm stringing you along somehow. Using you for something. And that you'd inevitably find out, because you must be intelligent or, at the very least, emotionally perceptive, or else why would I have been interested in you in the first place?"
“Don't bother to correct me. I understand my mistake. I even looked it up to be certain. And before you go on to the next step in this sequence, I liked what we did. I enjoyed having control over the pacing, and that’s what topping is really about anyway…the degree of control. The
"Does require a bit of specialized knowledge, I'll grant you that, but being able to discern the different parts of an orchestra is simple enough if you are at all familiar with them. That she's moving the fingers of her left hand in step with the viola section isn't difficult to spot, nor is it much of a leap to observe she was exceedingly nervous when the faster passages presented themselves. Her fingers stopped and she began fidgeting with the newly-forming callouses. She's been practicing more, but it hasn't helped much."
"He's changed a lot...or at least, the way he presents himself has changed a lot. When you compare both Sherlocks. I don't know what to think. If you and I are the same, at least I know I will meet him before I hit your age. If I am from another dimension or something-- well then, who the fuck knows, right?"
The preself rolled his eyes and sighed. "Fine. I know you were already a detective when you met him." He glanced at John. "You must have chosen him-- initially, I mean-- because he was useful. Or are you going to try and convince me the heavens parted and a ray of light shone upon his face--"
Holmes closed his eyes and I moved a little closer when he did and tried to get some more intel on his state. Dry lips and skin, clearly dehydrated. Thin sheen of sweat across his forehead. I couldn't place the look in those glossy eyes. I’d seen it before, when he was lost in thought, but this time it looked more like he wasn’t quite connected to reality. Reminded me of opiates, and I didn’t like it one bit.
Sherlock watched John’s face carefully the whole time he had been speaking, and it unnerved him. Meanwhile, John’s mind went into overdrive.
Another dull morning of strep throats and flu symptoms, followed by a few health exams for school sports; it was that time of year. It was well past noon with no texts from Sherlock.
“I’ve...heard of that place, yes. I’d agree that it does. Have a reputation. Can’t say that I’ve, ever been.”
“I assure you I had no idea precisely where you had served. It was an easy enough deduction that you had served, however, given that you had a military bearing, especially whilst waiting in line to board the aircraft. Combined with your tanning pattern, it suggested a general region. Nothing more concrete than that.”
"If you take the first note of each series of sixteenth notes and simply repeat it, the conductor might not even notice."
John nodded sharply. He had almost forgotten this aspect of Sherlock's personality. This was a more intense version of what he had been like when they first met. This younger Sherlock was trailing his coat... well, more like he was trailing his whole bloody wardrobe. Of course the thrashing he would be opening himself up to would be psychological, not physical, and John sensed he was being set up explicitly for this younger version of Sherlock to vent. Still, he couldn't resist just a bit of an answer. "Sounds like my type. You'll eventually steal an ashtray for me. And cajoling anything out of Mycroft is always a bonus."
John. And you can't convince me John can't be injured simply because he is not native to this universe. I will not risk his life on a technicality, or an untested supposition of fact, however poetic the Fates and their shears. The fact that I haven't heard from John yet means they are
“I wanted you to give me some sort of version of a deathbed confession, yes. I did see that I could diffuse it, but not until I was staring at a rather unanticipated off switch.”
"Why? He makes me think about our respective journeys to this point. It's not as if you have any reason to be envious of a younger version of you."
The meeting was a tense prospect indeed, and I was prepared to abandon my cause the moment it felt too precarious. I had time, and, though I knew not why, I had hope. Something within had clung to the notion that Sherlock had determined a boarding school of Mycroft’s choosing was unnecessary, though we had yet to meet to determine what, precisely, would be required.
I let out a huff of air, not bothering to disguise my annoyance. "That was quite clear from your thinly-disguised writing. Have you not sufficiently occupied your time swimming with your school chums?" I caught myself after the fact, dropping my fork onto my plate with a clatter. "I... I apologise for the-- Excuse me." I got up and left the room.
Sherlock spoke softly. “When I win— and I will— I intend to have you do whatever I want, John. And you’ll need to be able to stop me, should things get uncomfortable for you. You will need a safeword.” Sherlock sat down opposite John and leaned forward, elbows on his knees. “I’m not entirely new to the concept. I have had other partners before I met you. I wouldn’t say I was a Dom as such, but, I was the more dominant partner. And I was usually on top. Topped. I usually topped.”
He wasn’t particularly privacy-minded earlier when he was so forthcoming with family issues, but now John is downright coy. As if he was talking to his sister about...well, about him. But why?
"Here's the thing about repetitive events across timelines. They tend to be... repetitive. This is a job for a Holmes and a Watson."
"John Watson." John extended his hand. "I store jokes and unnecessary pop culture references for the both of us. Pleased to meet you."
“Not going to decide to encourage that impulsivity by running off to the latrine and joining the Mile High Club? I’m joking, I’m joking,” he adds, hopefully before John has a chance to react. “I have no interest in that whatsoever.” After a few seconds, he adds, “Believe me,” in an attempt to sound more convincing, and then realises John will likely think he’s overstating his case. What a fine aeroplane ride this is turning out to be.
That didn’t seem like something Sherlock would ask for, but… okay, yeah if they agreed on it and John had some sort of input, chose someone he trusted, then maybe… Or maybe it was something like watersports? That was doable. Actually, that was more than doable. That was possessive, and John enjoyed being possessive as much as Sherlock enjoyed being claimed. He could mark him safely, too, if Sherlock wanted something like that. And being a medical man, there were any number of things people found too dangerous that John could navigate safely. Like breathplay. If he took some time to research it. John felt better, until he realised Sherlock was still watching him, and had probably found some way to have tracked that entire internal dialogue. Well, time to jump into it. “What is buzzing around your delightfully perverted little head, my love? Because I have just been thinking of an awful lot of things.”
This was getting easier. Almost fun now. Might as well lay it on thick. “Nice place, my hotel. You were right about the sheets. Not sure if they’re Egyptian cotton or not. Bet you’d be able to tell in a hot second, after that fiber experiment of yours. That is, if you wanted to check out my bed. Maybe not, if you think you wouldn’t find it all that interesting.” Seeing his eyes dart around while he ran it through whatever processing thing he did made me feel light enough to keep it up just a bit more. “Also bet you didn’t know that Sarabeth’s brings me pancakes every morning.”
Sherlock was probably right. His bed was large and he could spread out easily there. It would be far more comfortable.
One could write and rewrite a letter and be assured of not misspeaking in the heat of an argument, though I was already composing a scathing letter in my head on the carriage ride home upon how women’s arts were not simply useless ways of attracting young men but the basis of communication, and were he not so cold and heartless a man as to have even eschewed romantic inclinations he would have at least seen the value in knowing them for the sake of interpreting a women’s more subtle advances, if nothing else!
“Does it have to be human eyes?” asked John. “I mean, if it’s not case-related as such and you just want to look at weird shit, I’m sure you could—”
“I am very serious. Hand it over.” Sherlock holds his hand out, arching his palm slightly, and John places the mobile in it. Then he holds it flat on his lap, so John can see the screen easily, and texts.
“Yes, I will join you.” He put on his coat and made his way to the door. “Oh. I should bring a few things.” He grabbed a black leather satchel in what seemed a lot like an afterthought.
John gave Sherlock’s preself a sharp glare and then turned toward Sherlock, concerned. Seeing him still a bit dazed and not paying much attention at all to the conversation, John turned toward his preself again. “You don’t know her well enough to judge that.That she would know you better than you know yourself is a given.”
"I meant with John, and you know that. You're still not going to tell me anything, are you? Look, I'm not saying I can't interfere because it will muck up time. I'm saying it's not my area. I’m not stopping you from doing your best, I am just being realistic enough to say it might not matter.”
I looked around the place. It was a mess, as usual, and there was some sort of lingering chemical smell which definitely wouldn’t help his lungs any. I went to the kitchen to find the source. The table was a fucking disaster. Half-filled beakers, a stack of test tubes crammed in a flask. Makeshift centrifuge with spilled liquid and gloves and goggles cast aside, showing utter contempt for any safety precautions. My head pounded.
“Proving or disproving this particular theory is crucial for the security of everyone’s future. If we can come into a timeline, essentially as intruders, and force a diversion, we know we can change any outcome! Think how valuable that information is!”
John smiled. “So you want to know if all your changes will still yield the same results. The Novikov Self-Consistency Principle.”
Kissing was apparently something Sherlock knew a lot about. Or maybe it was just a natural talent. John stopped worrying about it. Any of it. Sherlock was his tonight. Whatever experience he had, or didn’t have, was irrelevant. He hadn’t had John Watson. He was about to. Lucky man.
“That bastard. He’s faking it. He’s fu-- he’s faking it. That’s why he made me stay away. That’s why he wanted Smith alone. He’s trying to get a bragger’s confession.” I stomped up toward the door. “That ain’t gonna hold up in court, Holmes!”
“Oh! Oh, sure! We can do that, absolutely.” John nodded enthusiastically, visions of Sherlock riding him flooding his mind and filling his cock.
Making small circles at his entrance, John pushed forward slowly, waiting for Sherlock’s body to yield. A series of short gasps, not pain, more like a sort of bewilderment. When he was fully seated, a sigh. Deep and resonant. It sent a shiver right to John’s core. Yes. Finally. Yes.
“And where did these all come from? Did you seriously go out of the flat just to buy these? Did you buy anything we actually
I have one last adventure to write, though I doubt it will be the last that Doyle sees fit to publish. One far more fiction than fact. I believe I shall give you a ridiculous accent and an even more ridiculous goatee. Perhaps have us part ways. Some suitable drama. You’d hate it. Then, my writing finished, our legacy assured, I will bide my time, until we meet again.
“Alright then, shoulder-carry it is.” John bent low and gathered Sherlock’s lanky frame in his arms, cursing under his breath. “You just had to be so bloody tall, didn’t you?”
“I know. And yeah, I wanted a happy ending. I wanted me to give you a chance.” He kissed Sherlock. “I like you. A lot, it seems.”
I remained unmoved. "You are perfectly capable of acting appropriately when the moment requires it...or perhaps when you think it worth the effort. I am well aware that in certain areas you know far more than you find worth caring about."
“No reason to be embarrassed,” John said. “You really shouldnt put much weight on it until I get a good look at you.”
Sherlock's preself frowned. “Yes. I suppose the plan still remains the same. But it would help strategically to know at what point the timelines diverge and the history changes. Then you'll know it's all new from that point forward.”
He had absolutely overestimated Sherlock’s experimental nature. Really, he was, when it came down to it, an intensely private man who was still relatively new to sex and unlikely to suggest anything too radical. Sherlock looked uncomfortable, which made John all the more determined to prove to him that lovers could accommodate each other’s needs, and it was fine to ask for something unusual. For some reason, his mind flashed back to some sort of comedy routine about throwing onion rings on their partner’s erect penis. Or was that something from an actual advice columnist? He didn’t even know. And kink might not even be based in sexual acts anyway. John folded his hands onto his lap and looked as serious as possible. “Go ahead. Please.”
"Fine. You proved your point. I should know better than to doubt you. It just seemed....rather over-specific. I mean the aging kids, the divorce, sure... I can see how you got those. Sort of." John looked at the woman some more as she faded back into the holiday crowds. "Maybe."
Sherlock glanced down, then met John’s eyes with renewed confidence. “Yes. I had.” He stopped for a moment, then tilted his head. “Well, balance of probability, which… ummm… now has gone up considerably.”
Sherlock: Early 20th century, built during the oil boom, no doubt. What a strange building. Not practical.
Sherlock’s preself sat astride him. “You can figure out if I’m trying to be helpful here or am just jealous I’m being left out of the fun.” He kissed Sherlock’s mouth gently, then became far more assertive, until he was probing deeply while running his hands lightly across his chest, grazing his stomach, swallowing every muffled sound Sherlock made as the Johns both began using their tongues for more constructive purposes than arguing with each other. Sherlock made tiny jerks back and forth, his body’s instincts thwarted as he gave up on any determination of which sensation to favour. He instead became as still as possible, attempting to catalogue all of them, until finally, overwhelmed by the escalation of sheer pleasure, even the act of classification was no longer an option. Words seemed to have left him as well. All that remained were neural pathways blazing trails of warmth to his very core. This was entirely different from his experiences with John. Before, he could guide himself to an orgasm, as if walking down a curving country lane. Now it was far beyond his ability to direct. The decisions were being made for him, and the surrender was entirely novel.
“You know. Try to look her up or something. Just. Don’t.” John wrapped his arm around Sherlock . “If she does exist here, consider yourself lucky if she isn’t particularly interested in you, and don’t try to make her be.”
It startled me. The yelling, but more the fact that Holmes never cursed if he could avoid it. Composure was so very important to him, and he had lost it many times over.
you will open them again real soon.” He smiled. “You know what I like even better though? Better than this?” John manhandled Sherlock some more, maneuvering them both toward the edge of the bed, then flipped around to pull Sherlock on top of him. Sherlock braced himself, his forearms landing on either side of John. “I like when I’m down here. Like this.” John gazed up at Sherlock with ruthless determination, and Sherlock gave him a nearly imperceptible nod, reminiscent of the moment at the pool on the night they first met. It may have been ruthless and a bit mad, but they had both been certain they’d die together if need be. Yes, Sherlock would go as far as John needed to, without reservation. John’s nod in return was sharp, strong, and visible to everyone in the room. Then his expression changed once more, replaced by a blazing anger and a fierce determination, charged with rising lust, “I like when I’m down here, about to be taken. When I know that he can do anything he wants to me, and I will love every goddamned second of it.”
“I was in the midst of stating that for someone who has had experience spanning three continents… you are fairly limited in your range of activities.”
He was in his early twenties and seemed fairly aimless. Reminded him a bit too much of Harry at that age. John glanced surreptitiously at his preself’s hands. Still strong, a bit battered. Well, he wasn’t anywhere near Sherlock’s level, but he could still determine if someone’s life had been hard or relatively cushy by observing certain physical characteristics. Those were not cushy hands. This version probably left home as soon as possible, too.
Recalling such scenes are a strange mixture of emotions now. I love when I am reminded of our more intimate moments, of course, but, as you can imagine, there is much pain in the recollection.
“Oh, I don’t know. I’m not sure I would sleep too well, anyway, even with lots of quiet and...bamboo.”
“To the docks. Said somethin’ ‘bout tracking a shipment. He wore his mask when he left, I know that.”
He continued to speak as he rearranged the supporting log. "To cease to be a distraction. It did not work as well as I had hoped."
John shook his head. “How? We can’t just push the whole car. I mean it was clearly brought here from somewhere, then detached, but we wouldn’t have access to another car to hook it up to, would we? We’d have to try to defuse it where it is. Cut wires at random.”
“Offended by your finding me attractive? I suppose some people could theoretically be offended by being the first attractive man you saw after a long argument with your sister, but I am not one of them.”
What did I know about the workings of love? The great poets were always vexed; love never went according to plan. It all seemed rather doomed to me. A promise of torment. Those writers I had sought out from Mother’s collection, both poets and essayists, had spoken of women demanding marriage must mean friendship as well as passion, and love should encompass a certain degree of equality, so perhaps such things might be yet to come. I was rather in agreement with Edward Carpenter, who said all attachment was more or less the same. “We know, in fact, of Friendships so romantic in sentiment that they verge into love; we know of Loves so intellectual and spiritual that they hardly dwell in the sphere of Passion,” he had said. If I were to have a love, I should think it would be an intellectual one. But I had not yet had a love. I had had only had...an interest. A...curiosity, perhaps. A distraction. A beautiful woman like the Lady Cecily was fascinating in that she was all that I was not, effortlessly. Why should I not think of someone so lovely and so clever with a degree of admiration? But this was not about me! This was about my brother.
"No. You were right. And. Yes, it was... good. But we were in a bubble. You chose to forget; how did you even remember any of this?" He deliberately softened his tone... the opposite of what he felt... in the hopes that his emotions would somehow align themselves with his voice.
I sketched a peony and a hydrangea, larger flowers which looked out of place in the outer reaches of the bouquet rather than at its centre, and then went back to add some more detail to the camilia. As I was imagining the bouquet, my mind snagged upon a new form of inconsistency. A camillia had no scent. Nor did the hydrangea, for that matter. I paused, dropped my pencil, and returned to my reference book with a newfound ferocity.
Normally, one does not stride over to the bar to join a version of one's self whilst balancing three scotch-and-sodas, but John had felt pawky… and who better to appreciate his humour than himself? He’d greeted his preself with a cheerful, "Hi there, handsome."
When we got there I cursed at having abandoned my twenty to Holmes’s delirium and begged the driver to wait until I came back with another passenger and promised I’d tip more than the fare at the end. I was about to explain that I was a physician seeking the opinion of a medical expert and was fishing for my ID, but one look at the house at 13 Lower Burke was all I needed for him to know there was some serious potential money involved. I have no idea what he thought I was up to, pulling up at the smuggest goddamn building on the Upper West Side, and that was saying something.
All I could think of was how I had been avoiding him lately. Even before I was sent to the other hospital. I’d let Marie go, but I’d been flirting with Felicia more than ever. The closer I felt to Holmes, the more I backed away. Haven’t played that game with myself since just before Marcus. I knew what it meant, and you’d think 20 years later I’d’ve finally gotten past that. Not that Felicia wasn’t worth flirting with, but -- Fuck it. Time to be brave. This was Sherlock Fucking Holmes and he probably already knew. Probably was waiting for me to say something. Would’ve been nice if he had dropped a few hints for me though. Like what? What’s a hint, anyway? Was nice when you could just wear those green carnations or stick a damn handkerchief in your back pocket. Yeah, right, like they had it easy.
Sherlock instinctively knew arguing would be pointless. Besides, John was the one who was skilled at moral appeals. He’d kill time until John came back, and then he could fix this too. He recalled his Self’s double entendre.
They’d sent me down to Irving to cover some staff shortages. Apparently Convent was deemed “adequately staffed” and a few Midtown hospitals were “critically understaffed”. Of course the fact that the number of infected patients in Harlem was growing at a much faster rate didn’t seem to be relevant to their decision making process, and I could only hope subcontracting employees would somehow give us the money we’d need to keep the doors open. I accepted the reassignment with as little cynicism and as much grace as possible and was pleasantly surprised to find that reassigned interns were being put up at The Plaza (closed to the public) for temp digs. Nice. And Sarabeth’s was bringing free lemon ricotta pancakes to my door every morning, complete with a little card thanking me for my service-- something I was glad was in a note instead of face to face. Military or medical, I still haven’t figured out a good way to respond to that. It also asked me to let them know if I had any dietary restrictions. No way the bodega where I always got my morning coffee on the way to work was gonna weather this like Sarabeth's, but if you’ve got those backup funds you could do worse than use ‘em to keep the cooks (though Sarabeth’s probably had chefs, not cooks) cooking, have the busboys do delivery, and feed some medical workers in the process.
“Fifteen minutes. And I know you are not a sociopath. The last thing a sociopath would do is tell you he’s a sociopath. Or apologize for startling me before. And another thing a sociopath would never do is help someone voluntarily for nothing in return.”
“Are you actually mad at me for not calling you on it? What might I have done? Turned around and left when I came in and saw you on your back? Whinged about how you had changed the parameters on me? Demanded an explanation?”
The preself's grin spread slowly as he turned to Sherlock. "I knew there was more to him than a certain... compact efficiency."
Spit-slick, John debated entering Sherlock without lube. He could, if he wanted to, but it might still be uncomfortable at first. Sherlock had thought of this possibility of course. There was a small container on his bedside table, and John could always work himself quickly, but there were other options which had greater appeal.  “On your stomach, legs spread out to the sides.” John spead him open and took his tongue to him, longing to see his face, but contented himself with the initial gasp when he breached him with his tongue, the clench of his hands in the sheets, then his seeking out John’s hands blindly, John grasped his hands tightly, feeling the rhythmic clenching and unclenching of his grip and the keening in his voice. John stopped to run his hands along the small of his back before starting up again. He could forgo the lube this time.
: 'I made no remark, however. But sat nursing my wounded leg. I had had a Jezail bullet through it some time before, and though it did not prevent me from walking, it ached wearily at every change of weather.'”
I pulled out my phone. 25 minutes to bike, but I’d make it faster, and two showing up on the rack at Grand Army and Central Park South. Good thing I renewed the CitiPass last summer.
"A shoulder injury does not aggravate with walking, or else I would have seen fit to complain with far greater frequency. In truth, If it had been at my sole discretion, I would have mentioned my injuries only the once-- in
Sherlock looked at his preself, and then at John’s, and began to say ‘of course,’ before finding he was moaning instead— low, long and unmistakably masculine; John had gotten impatient and begun the process himself. Sherlock began a few delicate advances forward, then more steady thrusts.
When they were both in bed, Sherlock turned on his side facing away from John, as he often did when they had a goal of sleep instead of langid cuddles, but John still draped a loose arm across Sherlock’s body. After a few moments, Sherlock took hold of it and wrapped it further around himself. “Goodnight, John.”
"I was considering the possibility. I thought understanding how you and John make things work might be helpful, and, I could perhaps see if there were any--,” he cleared his throat. "If there was any sexual act I found appealing in and of itself. Not merely in the vicarious sense."
“I still can’t believe in thirty-odd years you’ve never had this happen before, Sherlock,” said John, as he shoved his way past his flatmate into the bathroom. “I mean, hasn’t everyone experienced this?”
think about that. Yours is not the only situation where a bit of uncertainty regarding what you are truly comfortable with applies." Sherlock's preself gave a smile overflowing with mischief. "So, if you were to want to, say, feel what it was like to be pinned against the wall in the corridor of a pricey hotel, chest to chest...mouth to mouth...groin to groin..." Sherlock's preself took a step closer to John's but still kept a fair amount of space between them. "You just might find someone who was willing to try it out with you, give you ample time to assess it, and then move forward from there...if it was warranted." He stepped even closer, nearly touching, before moving further back and nodding. "Respiratory rate increased significantly, fair amount of dilation, although with this lighting....well, in any case, I'd say you are quite interested."
When Sherlock gave the ok, John carried him up the stairs and was about to carry him over the threshold, bridal style, when Sherlock insisted on being put down. His voice was quiet, but determined. John did so as gently as possible. “Thank you,” Sherlock said, his cheeks slightly flushed.
“My mind palace was, faulty. Flawed. Would I have learned how to diffuse a bomb? Yes. I would have. I did. Once. And that is certainly nothing I would have every deleted. Far too useful. I believe there are certain things I denied myself access to that are… connected to other things I find difficult to process. So, instead of reconciling which things I might need to know and which I felt the need to wall off—“
On tomorrow's schedule you will find a request for pre-authorised passes for one Sherlock Holmes, accompanied by a certain Dr John H. Watson.
"That is... not entirely accurate. I do reread certain stories, as the mood strikes. I find myself rereading your account of Milverton--"
“I also doubt it is important. But it might be interesting. And, quite frankly, I am very, very … very bored. What are you texting your sister, about me?”
And if you haven't read Billy Collins, or think poetry inaccessible, go pick up one of his books ASAP.
I laughed. "I will say no such thing." I folded my paper and looked up at Holmes, concerned. "Should I remove my comment regarding the gentleman's appearance altogether? Perhaps, I should create a particularly beautiful female client and--"
“For now. Someone wants to know what we plan to do next. They are giving us time to think,” Sherlock said.
John Watson doesn’t look flat anymore. He looks frightened. Well, at least those eyes have a bit of spark now, albeit for not quite good reasons. And they are lovely eyes. He finds himself looking at them just a tad too long, and he fusses with his coat for a moment to break the sight-line.
Right after that whole Gold King deal at Throgs Neck Bridge, I started feeling like someone needed to record all the work Holmes had done. Told myself I just wanted to write it down so we could get all those yellow bits of paper picked up already. They were everywhere. Scraps of paper, hell to pay if I touched them until it was all over. Till then, he’d arrange them in small sections, then lines, then change the order up, and claim it was all a System. He’d get his own special kinda snippy every time I tried to sit down for some food at the actual
“This,” John gestured round, “is a holding station? It serves the same purpose as that thing we were strapped into with all the dials and sensors while Mycroft set the controls...the thing we were in just before we got here? This is so much...nicer. How has technology gone backwards over time?”
"And that is, that you know how to read my thoughts. I will admit, I remain convinced you do, as you have proven this time and time again. You have, in fact, done this very thing within moments of my arrival at the train station. However... in this instance... I need to make them absolutely transparent, beyond any secondary explanation."
John looked at Sherlock’s messages. Apparently Sherlock’s younger self had wasted no time in whipping out one of Mycroft’s cards and securing a room where they could plan things privately. #543.
Sherlock’s preself stepped up. “And you should know I just checked my time tracking equipment and it is, acting up, a bit. Could be nothing. Could be indicative of an unstable area.”
"Well, it doesn't look like it from our perspective, of course. We aren't them. Oh, but I see what you mean. If I am him. Well, even if we have some sort of common drive, it isn't what I want. I wonder why I gave up on something more? I was a soldier. Must have had something to do with it. Men going too long without women." John's preself was lost in thought.
Sherlock gaped while John kept looking back and forth between the two of them. So… this version of him had, in fact, been left with no memories of what had occured. Had figured it out on his own. Sherlock could plainly see John trying to imagine waking up alone in one's own bed attempting to determine who you had just had sex with. John was certain it would have been an absolutely horrifying experience, and his expression telegraphed that fact. Of course John would have every faith that, it being Sherlock, he had come to the correct conclusion right away-- but how difficult would that be to accept? Sherlock, on the other hand, was lost in thought, for he could see himself doing just that. Examining the room, the sheets, his own body-- immersing himself in the clues would stave off the emotional reaction… for the short term, anyway. But then--
"Well then, if it isn't even another Sherlock's John, why does he matter? Might as well be some other random person."
who said some new readers might not be aware of my military service and I should be certain to mention it on subsequent occasions, as it would be a point of great reader interest if I were to -- oh, Holmes! Do you really think it true that so many might doubt me?" I sighed. "And it was many years between those mentions. I do recall thinking that naming the bullet was a more subtle, artistic way to convey that I was stationed in Afghanistan without bringing up any specific aspects of the campaign which some might find either boring or disquieting depending on the reader's experiences-- and.... And it was
Sherlock gave a noncommittal grunt as a pseudo-response, reached blindly for his mobile, then, in a startlingly abrupt shift of energy, was up in a flash and presumably headed back to Scotland Yard.
While not exactly sinister, as the one sent to Mrs Watson had been, this floral arrangement was most definitely peculiar. Even the placement of them, upon a small pedestal by the front door, seemed unusual. They were far from artful. Of fine quality, fresh and lovely, but certainly lacking any cohesion as a bouquet. They appeared to be arranged in something of a spiral. I could see at its centre an overly-large red camellia, “the flame of one’s heart”, looking rather unbalanced drowning in a sea of bright yellow tulips.
The preself followed, calling out after him, “Your ultimate fate is not planned for this dimension. Before that happens, you’d both fade out!”
“If he comes back to check on us, I’ll take the old guy and tackle him, and… really, I should disarm the bomb while you take on Sebastian. You know more... fighting stuff.”
“Importance to the work is not the only form of importance.” Sherlock turned away and headed to the lift, not even glancing back at his preself as he continued to speak. “Yes, you are absolutely right; this serves as further proof that you and I are not the same person.”
I stepped toward him, catching a faint blush in the fading light. "Ever since I walked into the laboratory and you knew beyond any doubt that I had returned from Afghanistan, I have been operating under a false assumption."
My mind raced with possibility. I suppose my reaction had rather tipped my hand. I wanted it to have been enough, but I could sense Holmes dancing on the edges of this. Ready to dart back to safety, to rearrange his words in a flash, should I appear offended by the implication. Holmes could read me, yes, but I needed to be the one to take the risk. I knew myself to be a brave man. I had been told this many times before, at any rate. It was time to show myself still worthy of that praise.
He sucked hard against Sherlock’s neck as he undid his trousers, yanking them down so they fell artlessly to the floor. John grabbed Sherlock’s cock through his pants while sliding down to lick, kiss, then bite at his nipple, exposed through his open shirt. Then John turned his head slightly, though not even slowing for a moment, to get a good look at his preself standing in the doorway, watching. The preself closed his eyes once John made eye contact.
Harder. Perhaps some teeth? Yes. That’s it. Sherlock arched into his mouth, and that was all the signal he needed as he bit at his nipple and began to give the other some longed for attention with his hand. Sherlock writhed, his hips arching upward, and John decided it was high time he was in bed as well, swinging his body to hover on top of Sherlock’s, giving him his thigh to rut up against.
“Good.” John grinned. “So any soreness you may feel in the morning is gonna be from me.” He watched Sherlock’s eyes widen ever so slightly as John moved in beside the bed and traced his finger along Sherlock’s thigh. There was the lightest pink mark from the dye where it had soaked through the fabric. “Anything I need to know?” John asked. He couldn’t imagine Sherlock had much experience with sex. Anything would have made sense in his youth, though, from being embarrassed at the prospect, to a lack of interest when compared to other intellectual curiosities. Any experimentation seemed more likely to have been with chemistry sets than with sexual partners. But then again, maybe not. Sherlock could be...intense. And he certainly wasn’t hesitant about using his body as a testing ground.
“No, no, I am just leaving. Right now. I’ll be right back. With Culverton Smith.” I brought up Lyft and typed in the Upper West Side address. At least it wasn’t too far. While I was waiting, I saw Niecey sitting on the brownstone steps two doors down. I called out to her, and she looked up from the phone Holmes had gotten all the kids in his network.
"We aren't in a bubble!" Sherlock blurted, his voice, panicked. "You need to point us to the case, and then we need to separate before we affect paths."
John turned to the preself this time. "And you brought us here so you could see me with your own eyes, instead of just waiting the year or so till you meet me at Bart's--"
Smith was seething, but remained perfectly still. “I don’t know what kind of lies he and his maid over there are going to feed you, but that’s all they are. Lies. His word against mine. And whatever he tells her to say.”
Sherlock turned sharply toward his preself, who did not cower in the slightest. "So I am not you, then. And you belong here no more than I do. And you neglected to mention this because...?"
John: She said it was the World's Smallest Skyscraper. It's not exactly scraping the sky now, is it?
The Gold King (real name: Neil Gibson) always seemed creepy to me. Reminded me of Crazy Eddie, the dude on those commercials back when I was a kid and we’d go visit my cousin in Minneola and watch TV all day long. You know, the one whose prices were
Sherlock lay back on the sofa and alternated between the file and his laptop for the next few hours. Back and forth, not uttering a word.
Sherlock smiled. John would later look back on the whole situation and realise that he should have known right then, what Sherlock was up to. And perhaps, if it wasn’t for the adrenaline coursing through his veins, he might have been able to better judge what that look had meant before Sherlock managed to wipe it clean from his features. By the time John had determined the rate of bleeding was fairly slow and looked back to check for any additional injuries, it was clear Sherlock’s face was registering pain, but not the pallor of severe blood loss. The injury warranted treatment, but not at the nearest ER.
The lift opened to reveal John Watson, who had his fingers on his mobile, about to send word of their escape as soon as reception permitted. His preself was standing to his left.
The other John chuckled, then was quiet. Finally, he spoke again. "Do you think he’s right? About the dimensions? Your Sherlock might be right, too. And I think he'd be less inclined to hide things from you. You two seem...pretty open with each other."
John shifts in his chair once more. “Do you...do you mind if I just—“ He reaches toward the magazine. “Better than nothing.”
John. His name is John. Even his name is boring. Not that everyone was blessed with something as not-boring as ‘Sherlock’, but...John. And Harry. Probably a Richard in there somewhere. Or a Charles. And John had been, indeed, texting angrily at his sister. Something about having done “it”, “just now”. Which, of course, he hasn’t. He hasn’t done a thing except speak to Sherlock. A stranger on a plane.
“Well, some Johns are obviously more important than other Johns when it comes to altering the course of history. We needed your John at Sumatra, not captured because he decided to chase after the less important one.”
My mind was still giddy with its own usefulness, having determined the location of Doctor Watson and ensured his safe return mere weeks prior, so I set forth with a newfound determination to press my good favour. I would call upon my brother, Sherlock Holmes. It was my hope that he would afford me more control over my own destiny...if not as a show of gratitude, then perhaps upon evidence that my latest foray into perditorianism (for I was now most definitely a finder of lost people as well as lost things) was proof of my ability to forge my own path through life.
"Yeah?" John's preself's breathing was even harder now as he managed to step even  closer than before. "And what if I were the one to do that to... someone? Would that still be an acceptable offer?"
Yeah. This is embarrassing as hell. But hey, a love poem to Ben in Iambic pentameter is worth a post. Sonnet 29.
"Something tells me that wasn't exactly a unique sentiment," the preself muttered, and slowed his pace as John made a show of taking Sherlock's hand and continued rapidly down the hallway, leaving the preselves behind in the search for the grate they had found years ago.
John grinned back, and didn't wait so much as a second before turning back to his own mobile and typing:
Sherlock’s preself smiled.”Unless we make a deliberate change. Originally you were at Sumatra Road when Moran was arrested, correct?”
Holmes sighed. "You have described your wound as a Jezail bullet shattering your shoulder. You have also described it as a Jezail bullet in a limb in which the bullet, or at least fragments of it, remains lodged. You go on to mention that a Jezail bullet went through your leg, leaving it aching in bad weather. And then you have me, who is never wrong," he grinned that grin I knew all too well, "state that you had a damaged tendo Achillis."
“And putting me through all that was part of the fun. No, really that sounded bitter, but, it’s what you do. And I’ve never done anything but let you push that boundary, cross that boundary of inappropriate action for a good laugh at my expense. And I’d usually join you in it. So, I suppose I must be okay with it on some level I will never quite understand.”
"Yeah, not likely to happen again." John wanted to test his Self, but talking about his own life did seem like an unnecessary risk. There had to be a way around it. Figure out if he was as much of an arse as he thought he'd be. Maybe just, ignorant? Is there much of a difference? He had another way. "And Sherlock is with someone as well,” he added.
“Moran doesn't belong here, on this track, yet he supposedly caused an explosion here,” argued Sherlock. It is possible the universe will accept a minor variation. We need to try to fix this. Intervene and save what Moran will destroy.”
“Begin at the beginning. We have time.” He crosses his long legs, inadvertently kicking the seat in front of him, and tents his fingers under his chin.
The preself passed Sherlock and cut off his path, pulling out from his inner coat pocket an object which resembled a very tiny remote control. “Actually, you do. So if we can't stop it, we press this, and we fade. Your John, followed by you, followed by me— before the explosion.”
“I tried to give him some soup, but I only made it far as the door when he yelled at me to stay away, so I left it on the table and headed back down. Didn't look like there was nothin’ in the trash can or the sink. Not a dish round the room neither. Could swear to it he hasn’t had nothin’ to eat or drink in days and I’d guess he hadn’t even got outta bed.”
“Stole Lestrade’s case files so you could be more present with me tonight?” John beamed. “I… That’s legitimately romantic. Though not exactly one of the traditional love languages. Stealing case files.”
John grinned. “If you want that, you’ll have to work for it yourself. I have other things in mind first.”
On the fifth floor, an impatient Lord Moran pushed the button once more, but the elevator was taking a bit too long. It was still on the first floor. He exited the building by the stairs on his right, trying to hold the briefcase as if it didn't contain a remote linked to explosives. A quick check to see if everything was in place at Sumatra Station, and then he’d head back to their room and wait for the agreed upon time.
“He did have good suggestions, but I don’t see how that makes him right and you wrong. Unless we’ve moved beyond discussing the bomb. Did we...have we shifted topics, John?”
Mission first. He needed them to work efficiently and not have this other version of himself distracted, preoccupied with a future shift in sexual identity. Besides, his early reactions to that were....well...he had never been against homosexuality, exactly. He just... had definite ideas about what it was, and what he wanted, and their supposed incompatibility. Even the meaning of "gay" was different to him back then. He had had to teach himself that it wasn't defined by whether you wanted to put your...oh fuck, he really didn't need to relive his ignorance and try to explain things now. Giving your past self any sort of life advice is best left as an entirely fictional scenario. He'd avoid the topic if at all possible.
I just saw the outline of a short, thin, hunched man through one of the panels of a great bay window to my right. “Staples! Who is it and what do they want? Oh, nevermind, just send him away already. This is the time for my research, and I shall not be disturbed.”
He returned to the lobby through the front entrance. Slouching a bit, eyeing the paper in his hand with false confusion, not quite looking where he was walking, the preself stopped just short of the front desk, sighed, and waited. He wore as put-upon an expression as he could manage, ran his hand through his hair, and again, surreptitiously, rubbed his thumb against the paper. A little more oil and product couldn't hurt.
Sherlock had let out a fierce growl and ran toward the would-be-bank-robber, who had managed to discharge his firearm right into Sherlock’s left thigh before being knocked to the ground.
I saw his eyes, glistening with fever, harden. It was a cold, determined look I’d only seen once or twice, but I knew whatever he said next was gonna be hard to hear. I stopped moving and met his eyes with as equally fixed a stare as I could manage, exhausted as I was.
Well, that line of questioning had probably been a mistake, then. Rather than give even more away, John decided to switch to more open-ended questions-- if he was studying anything currently. Here. Or abroad. No. His reaction made it perfectly clear. This John had never so much as left London.
"Mine are a bit, numb, but I've been trying to get some dexterity back. I might be able to do something with these ropes. Sherlock taught me a bit of hand positioning. I expanded my muscles as he was tying us to create some extra space when I contract them."
John tried his best to rein in his anger. “And risk having the station and everything above it blown to smithereens? Are you insane?”
“No.” Sherlock scrambles to head off the misconception which he sees the beginnings of, etched in John’s browline. “No, I mean, I don’t drink. Bad for the work. Alcohol dulls the senses. Is there another socially acceptable thing to do?”
"I deduced it. I don't exactly make a habit of keeping glycerine in my bedroom. And the sheets were quite the mess. There is a thin line between the impossible and the highly improbable. The lack of physical discomfort indicated that we had likely only...."
“Yes. Any of those. Instead, you went along with something you didn’t want to do without saying a word, and how, exactly, am I supposed to feel about that?”
"No. That should be left as is. It had become a dangerous weight to bear and I...occasionally reread those passages, the one regarding the 'sleeping giant' in particular... as a reminder."
“Sherlock, I...can’t ...quite,” he began, than taking a breath and riding through a wave of pleasure which threatened to overtake him completely, John managed to regain his voice. “Ok if we try again with you on your side, your top leg out forward and your bottom leg straight, I can ….can straddle your leg and get some more depth…” And if that didn’t work...cock,one finger, two fingers, three fingers. John knew how to get what he was after.
It is enough, that smile, to replace the image within my mind of the terror upon his countenance, fighting his every instinct to emerge and put an end to the man who had seemingly murdered his dear friend, whilst dutifully concealed behind the head of my bed,.
"Why thank you, as always, for your expert literary commentary. I think these newer ones are doing quite well."
Sherlock eyed his preself with thinly-veiled disdain. "You wanted to meet him... after having devoted far more of your... our... life to studying time travel than either of us had ever intended. Remember when you said you could theoretically drop chemistry entirely and study physics, cause a chain reaction, never become a consulting detective? You cut it remarkably close, and I still have no idea how I am unaware of all of this. You were quite right to check on John's very existence. I'd never have met Sta-- the person who will end up introducing us-- if we weren't both in the right place at the right time. How easy it would have been, to have missed that opportunity."
Remember those early ones I took on for you? The cases you thought I couldn't possibly have solved on my own? Perhaps I didn't. There are a few key documents which, should I fail to locate them, could retroactively plunge the whole of Europe into chaos. Of course, if you feel like not sending me back and would prefer to risk altering the course of history, I suppose you could be stubborn about it.
"Are you saying he believes I am deceiving the public with the extent of my injuries to garner sympathy?"
That was absolutely the wrong thing to say, and I think he knew it the second it left his mouth. “Look, Holmes. I have spent the last god knows how many hours--“
Sherlock went to the bookshelf and picked up a battered children’s book. The cover was still bright yellow. “Polly and the Wolf Again. I lost this in the move.” He ran his fingers over the cover. “Mycroft used to read this to me.”
"At least you took my advice to heart when it came time to record the account of your female cyclist. Changing the facts in the client's best interest is no vice."
“You thought I was straight because I wasn’t about to have a bathroom rendezvous? Terribly cramped, those things.”
Once, in my haste to meet a deadline, I had neglected to change a date and could not submit the correction in time. At Holmes's behest, the printer reluctantly tinkered with the master copy and was able to modify the final number of the year. I was greatly relieved that we had yet managed to take the extra step to protect the sworn anonymity of our client; however, upon viewing it within the pages of The Strand, I noticed to my chagrin the date to which it had been so hastily changed was none other than one of the years during which Holmes was thought by all save his brother to have been dead.
John looked at both preselves, wondering what happens to them now. He and Sherlock would go back home. That was a given. But that was never Sherlock’s preself’s goal. Too boring. A moment wondering if he had been preventing his Sherlock form a more stimulating life flickered right past him and he laughed as it shooed itself away.
“Well it does to me! I’m not “the woman in the relationship”. You seem to think that your…caretaking role…puts you in this superior position which has stamped itself upon our sex life. Maybe my relative lack of experience plays into this as well. It isn’t much, numerically speaking, but I’d say I have a great deal more varied and practical experience with my three fingers than…” Sherlock turned away. “Nevermind. That came out entirely wrong.”
“No. It just means he’d have to make a second bomb. Probably delay him a day or two. Not worth it, on balance.”
Sherlock shot back that Molly had kicked him out (banished was the word he had actually used) for stealing an eyeball right out of the cadaver on the slab. He had insisted the man had obviously been a chemistry prof who had donated his body to science, and since he himself
“Maybe a bit overprotective, but you get yourself into so much trouble in the pursuit of a case. But beyond that, you are beautiful.”
John made an effort to soften his contempt. “Well, I’m not sure if ever went to one here. A conference, that is.” He neglected to clarify that he had never worked as a desk clerk.
“I think, now that he has been thwarted, I can alert the local time authorities and make some adjustments to keep him out of this universe as a known criminal from another timelIne. He’ll have a record. I can be sure it is flagged.”
"Why? If we don't negatively affect each other by our presence, why should it be any different for John?"
I wish to offer you and Dr Watson my congratulations on your latest romantic adventure. There was, indeed, a time when I would have read such an account with a degree of contempt— a notion we may, at some point in our lives which grows ever more distant with each passing year, have shared. Yet they say with age comes a degree of wisdom, and as your senior by some seven years, I can attest to the veracity of this aphorism.
John had a hell of a time pinning those wrists up over Sherlock’s head with only one hand. It almost gave him pause. He was sleeping with a fucking giant with wrists the size of his calves. But he grabbed a wrist tightly and put a bit of his forearm into keeping the other in place, and all was well.
"No, I didn't mean in that sense...I ...mean it is odd that he is here and perhaps we should....figure out more before we talk to him."
John stripped, folded his clothes neatly, and placed them on Sherlock’s chair. He all but leaped into bed. Lying flat on his back, John found he had next to no preparation needed. A stroke or two with some lube from the bedside table and he was hard as a rock. Would Sherlock like some pillows for his knees? He tried to remember the last time he had done this; had she wanted pillows? He didn’t think so, but placed them on either side of his hips, just in case.
“There will be a point of divergence, if it hasn’t happened already,” Sherlock’s preself said. “Something that makes this universe different.”
Sherlock hung up. “Mycroft,” he said, his voice barely registering. “If he even exists here, I have no way of contacting him.” Sherlock, his counterpart and John looked equally lost.
John straightened his stance, while his younger self slouched. The preself laughed. “Captain, you will need to bring the former enlistee into line.”
John shrugged. "It's tough to explain. Just, whatever stupid ideas he's got in his head, know they aren't mine, okay? I mean, I'd rather we avoid him entirely until we fade. But he keeps asking me why I'm being distant, and, it's…. Well I was going to say you know how it’s rough to confront your own past, but then I remembered why you sought yourself out in the first place."
When they opened once more, Sherlock’s preself spoke. “The logical approach would be to leave them tied up wherever they are whilst you and I solve this… bomb thing… and then go back and get them. They will be safer as hostages. Keeps both Johns away from the blast. No heroics. Less chance of death.”
“Oh! Go right ahead. There’s an article on page 17 claiming bamboo sheets ensure a good night’s rest. Although lacking in methodology, it is a bit more relevant to your interests than the one comparing curling irons.”
John’s preself pushed himself forward. “Can it be moved?” Sherlock’s preself grinned. Sherlock stared at John’s preself, who continued to speak. “There are four of us here to lift it. Just because it was bolted into the frame of the car last time doesn’t mean it is now. So? Can it move?”
Oh, I know how much you loved your Winwood Reade; your skepticism in the hereafter always ran deep. But I also will never forget what you had said in good old Tadpole Phelps’s sickroom. That bit about the roses. If a consummate logician such as yourself can hold out hope, this old soldier, who has seen more than enough to doubt the Divine, can find it within himself to hope as well.
would have noticed the clerk hesitating about which room number to give me and considered the likelihood of there having been another room booked for someone with the same last name and had made additional inquiries— therefore eliminating the need to break into the registry. Your goal had been speed, not thoroughness. I don’t make those kinds of mistakes. Anymore.”
,” and “Fuck you, you fucking fuck,” I said, “Look, Holmes, I will take you to the best physician I can get my hands on. I will take you to Dr. Anthony Fucking Fauci himself if you will just agree to go see someone.”
Quite frankly, creating an ending for this once I’d written all the good bits has been exceedingly difficult. I was finding I just wanted to end it in a way that made sense. Hopefully it does. I, like John, wanted this to work out a certain way, but not all universes do, I suppose. Thank you for sticking around.
So, that’s where I was at, anyway, that was my mindset for all of that first week at Irving. Work, eat, sleep, and hope everyone I cared about stayed home and stayed healthy. I would usually manage a few hours rest, work a shift, and walk back to The Plaza. Look forward to my pancakes. And that was my day...until the time the phone rang just after I got home.
A noble sentiment, if it were not for the fact that Holmes believed I had already done so, and this was to be a second warning. Years past, Doyle had informed me my latest work had lacked for romance. I did not wish to write more in that vein, as Mary's death had left me without a bedmate, and with no desire for one. I rather enjoyed my time with Holmes once again. Though a pretty woman did occasionally turn my head, I was far from longing for such a commitment. And as for the physical needs I had met within the sacrament of matrimony, well... that fades with age, or so I had thought at the time. I had told Holmes I had had enough of Doyle's advice, though I admit I had neglected to send that message onward to Doyle. I would write no more romantic elements.
“No. It isn’t.” It was sad, seeing him trying to project authority and failing so miserably. I took a step forward and he tried again to stop me.
“Well, I guess that isn’t right. She isn’t really trying to get me to be more irresponsible, more like... impulsive. Yeah.” His voice is quieter now. Contemplative. “She wants me to do more impulsive things. She says I’d feel more alive.”
Did you meet with her back when she was still alive? She is still alive, of course. Travellers can avoid their death, given a proper understanding of how these things work, but it does make you tend to fade away slowly as your life force is eaten up running two Selves simultaneously. That's what she hypothesises, anyway... who knows for certain? Well, by now, she does and, knowing her, has likely found a workround. In any case, I taught her how to fake her death in order to... avoid her death.
Later that evening, Holmes had leapt into his previous conversation without prelude. "And what of yourself? Your looks alone would see many a beautiful, young lady attempting to become the next Mrs Watson."
They sit in silence, then Harry’s brother takes out his mobile, opens up an app, begins typing, and sighs. Loudly. Even putting his greatcoat against the window and burrowing his ears into it, the sounds of frustrated tapping seek him out, jarring his brain, as if the man were pushing on a keyboard, no, a manual typewriter, instead of a touch-sensitive screen. New model phone? Or just angry? Or...yes...both. Must be the sister. He makes a furtive attempt to glimpse the screen, out of idle curiosity. Not that Harry’s brother is all that interesting. There is just so little to do trapped in a tin box at 30,000 feet, comparatively speaking. He is successful enough to catch a few words.
There is yet another aphorism I wish to call to your careful attention. I, and in fact the whole of this great nation, owe our security to men like your Doctor Watson, as well as a debt of gratitude to his skill in wielding a sword on behalf of the Empire, but it has not escaped my notice that, in your view, it is eclipsed by how mighty his pen is. It is one you have long held. This view, perhaps somewhat unusual though no less valid, comes as no great surprise to one who has known of your nature from the start.
Mister. So that’s what was so funny. Leave it to Holmes, the unofficial detective, to know an unofficial doctor. I had one shot, and I wasn’t gonna waste it. I pushed right past the smirking doorman and I was inside.
The window opened up to a secluded hallway within a deluxe hotel. They stepped through it and the curtains closed again, blending seamlessly into the wall.
As the waiter turns away, I add “And as an aperitif— oysters.” I hope this will bring forth a smile to Watson’s grim features, and it does— for the briefest of moments— before fading again.
John gave the 17 steps to their landing a glare to convey his exasperation and sighed. Not because he couldn’t carry Sherlock, (he was tall, yes, but thin and wiry) but because his mind was flooded with images of them leaning against the wall in the hallway. That first case. That first time he had turned to Sherlock and saw… something. Something ripe with potential. Something brilliant and bold and absolutely wonderful. He had wasted so much time in getting to the point where he could finally do something about it. To take that risk.
"So, yes, he thinks I am creating a fictional wound and recounting it slightly differently each time-- rather than having received multiple injuries at Maiwand, the most severe of which sent me home with Enteric Fever. Wonderful. And it said 'through the leg'? Are you certain?"
"Because I wanted to still be of value to you. For you to care about my life. For you to come here. And I knew you would, if I was you. I also needed to find out if I did… change things from our last meeting. If that is something I should be concerned about when I travel.” The preself’s features darkened. “If John was still around. It seems as if I may never have one at all. A John. You did made me think having one was something special. I suppose it must be.” The preself added, “for you,” in what was most likely meant to have sounded like an afterthought. “I have not seen evidence of a Sherlock Holmes here. There is a John, however. Quite possibly a John without a Sherlock. I wonder if he feels as if he is lacking something intangible. I don't think I would have, had I not known."
“Move it to the side, away from the open channel,” Sherlock's preself said. “That way most of the blast, should it occur before the authorities arrive, is absorbed by the walls and rubble. It will be like the blasts they used to excavate when the tunnel was built.” They moved it into place.
“Uh, yes. Home. Returning from helping my brother with a pet project. He’s too lazy to do things himself, so it falls to me to keep the peace.” In this case, quite literally. If the papers hadn’t been recovered, there would have been an international incident within the month. Forces on the ground within the year, given the current political climate.
John positioned himself at the side of the bed and watched as Sherlock rolled to face him, puzzled. He’d want to know why he was slowing things down instead of speeding them up of course. Jumping into bed beside him. John watched as Sherlock's brow furrowed slightly, and he knew that brain was whiring along at full speed, trying to figure out what John would do next. This was no time for his usual patterns, dependable as they had always been.  After all, Sherlock had once said the thing that most appealed to him was John’s unpredictability.
John spun a slightly stunned but still entirely amenable Sherlock to face him. “And I know that I like to do this.”
“Well, I’m going to the police station to start up the paperwork for an accompanist permit and restrictions to his ability to travel. That should take a week. Too bad I don’t have someone who could expedite it, like you do.” He headed to the loo and ran some water through his hair, leaving the door open to continue the conversation, but making it quite apparent he was ready to leave.
Sherlock still looked stunned as his preself continued. John had neatly swapped his shock for anger.
Sherlock looked at the car once more and waited for the others to catch up and hear the plan. It was exactly where they had expected it to be, but no one took comfort in that fact. “If the switch isn't there, we will be forced to find Moran and retrieve the case before the detonation sequence begins.”
I distinctly recall slamming “The Lion's Mane” upon the breakfast table with a satisfying thunk. Now, after all my diligence, Holmes was recklessly disclosing the location of his home to every criminal sworn for vengeance both in England and upon the Continent. Perhaps elsewhere as well. My first thought was to rush to his side to protect him from unwelcome visitors. Had it not been Holmes, I would have thought myself duty-bound to assist in making the best of an egregious error and ensuring his protection. But it
“I did not mean that as a criticism against your— Nevermind.” He waved away the comment as inconsequential. It was far too late for that.
Sherlock spoke quickly, "If you are in a bubble, you do not affect the outside world and you can choose to forget what goes on during your time here. As we are not, our actions will not only change the future, but we will lack the ability to amnesiate events which might lead to timeline contamination."
"It wasn't my preference, but there often was no violist, and the instructor suspected, and later confirmed, that I was able to transpose as I played. Alto clef is a note higher, and octave lower."
John encouraged Sherlock far more directly, wrapping his arms around him and pulling his body towards his mouth, then abruptly shoving him forward hard enough to throw him off balance. Sherlock righted himself before grabbing both of John’s hands at the wrist, returning them to their previous position. He inched his hips forward.
“It feels that way, John. And besides, while assigning proficiency in such skills to any particular gender identity is a bit absurd, I should remind you I am a trained martial artist. I can fence—”
"I know well enough how Mary and Johanna were taken from me at that time, but I know nothing of your experiences half a world away. Aside from your time as Sigerson, which seemed to me a grand adventure. Did I misjudge?"
“Isn’t.” John looked at his plate again. “Maybe we need to stop having these conversations when I’m still hungry. I think I need more caloric intake for my brain to function properly. So, you are saying you want to top. To be the top. To be the one who—”
who suggested I not mention a battle which was an Afghan victory again!  To keep it more.... Why, that--"
I force myself to make breakfast. I have only just now stopped making tea for two, and while there is a sadness in that, there is a certain degree of health as well.
“Judging from your age and demographics, I would hardly have expected you to fall into the Out and Proud category.”
"Lord?" He looked down at his shoes. "Caw! Thank you much," he said, and hurried back round the corner, ignoring whatever else the woman had said. Once safely out of sight he replaced his jacket, smoothing wrinkles as best he could, and binned the bag, torn paper, and lotion.
The light went on, and Niecey took off and came back lightning-fast with the Lieutenant and Detective Morton, the brawn of the precinct. They wouldn’t need him, not for a guy that weak, but it was pretty clear they intended to take him in. I gestured my arms in an ‘after you’ and they opened the door while doing their Miranda. I followed close behind.
The preself ignored the comment. “Remember what I said before? There are some worlds that don't have a form of us in them at all. There are some where you two never meet—”
This is the second such morning within this lonely month I have had such thoughts; it makes me long to set the record straight-- and so I shall-- if only to have it languish in that great tin box in Charing Cross for decades more. At least it will have served to ease my own troubled mind, and perhaps strengthen my resolve to stay here, amidst the high, white cliffs and Holmes's bees, instead of heed the call to warmer climes. A return to the scorching sands of Afghanistan would certainly chase away this cold, but would do little to assuage the true cause of my ache. It is, as has been alluded to in the past, from a wound which lies elsewhere. Of course, that is not to say the state of these old bones in the damp morning air does not constitute a physical reality.
on my side. Someone I could trust. Maybe he was looking out for me already. Maybe… Maybe he had written that other cypher warning me of Mycroft’s trap? Or maybe he hadn’t. Maybe this was just a random bunch of flowers that...no. No, they weren’t. The question of whether or not he had sent the message which had read “ALONE PART PART ALONE” was already beginning to take the altogether-too-familiar circuitous path through my head—doubt, followed by certainty, followed by doubt once more—but the flowers were beyond coincidence.
And there was something almost magical in that which was entirely unexpected. John had thought only of the view, which was, admittedly, stunning, but watching Sherlock move, seeking out the spots which brought him the most pleasure, well… It had been quite a while since he had done this, and a simple change of position really did matter. Sherlock was far less single-minded than John. John still raced to the end with high intensity, but Sherlock seemed to meander, enjoying adjusting himself to different angles. It was amazing in every way. Time itself seemed to slip away as he watched Sherlock move. Removed from the responsibility of actively providing pleasure, John closed his eyes and concentrated on the sensations, but soon found he much prefered having them open. He hesitated before grabbing Sherlocks hips with a certain reverence. Soon he was thrusting up, and Sherlock grinding down, the two of them becoming more and more breathless and then John felt just as determined to rush toward the finish as ever. John wrapped his hand around Sherlock’s cock as he groaned his approval. And then it was all rush and release as Sherlock, looking sweat-sheened from the exertion, a magical glimmer, fell forward toward John’s lips and kissed him some more. The sloppier, sated kisses that came along with surrender. They rested together, John bearing Sherlock’s weight, till he felt uncomfortably pinned and shifted to the side. He stroked Sherlock’s hip.
John paused, and made a visible effort to let the accusation go. “I’m sorry I didn’t think to clarify, considering it did seem like it was a… well, a big concern for such a minor change in position. But I’d done that before with a lot of women, so it never occured to me that you—”
“I assure you, there is always purpose to be found amidst the chaos. Everything has its proper place, albeit at times an unconventional one.” He walked toward the fireplace and bade me rest upon a settee. I did so as demurely as possible, recalling my time spent in Mrs Watson’s parlour, sipping tea. Though I had been in character then, it was still me beneath the artifice; I was not without grace. I glanced toward the flames. They were comforting on such a bitterly cold morning as this, and I inched ever closer to them. “I have read of the cigars in your coal scuttle,” I said.
He hadn't had any difficulty solving those early cases for Mycroft. The rug had been flipped the wrong way, the tracks... missing any traces of blood, and the Kratides case had hardly been a case at all. His preself needing help to recover documents must certainly be a ruse. Sherlock was still puzzled why they had been summoned, though he'd figure it out.
Missed Holmes, too. No telling what he was doing to our place, now that I wasn’t around to keep an eye on those more expansive experiments which eventually took over the whole living room. Just like his damn sticky notes when he was working a case.
"The grave's a fine and private place. But none I think do there embrace," said he in what was practically a whisper. "Watson. I—"
"Enough to know there are some universes where Sherlock Holmes and John Watson do not exist, and some where you never meet, and universes where--"
we fade out. We may very well die first. You’ll never admit to it, but you have no idea how this all actually works.”
We ate in what should have been amiable silence, as we had so many times before, but it seemed somehow strained. It was a fine meal indeed.
“I don’t think I would be, Sherlock. We have a good sex life. We know what works for us. But trying new things can be fun or, at the very least, can be a learning experience. To discover something we hadn’t considered.”
“I solve puzzles. That's what I do. Missing objects? Legal papers, government documents, photographs ripe for blackmail? Given a bomb blast, I can tell you how they achieved it, but I am no action hero. However, you and John seem to be cut of that cloth.” The preself gave a quick, saccharine smile. “Have at it.”
Easier said than done. With less trains running, the subway was gonna be some circle of hell, and even if I could hop a bus it would take a while and let me off with a walk still ahead of me. A taxi wouldn’t save me that much time, plus there weren’t many around right now, even on the edge of the Park, and waiting for a Lyft that wouldn’t drive right past a 6’3” 225 pound Black man in a mask, even one flashing a medical ID, didn't seem like my idea of a good time. Come to think of it, the med badge might even make it worse. I was beginning to see the strategic move behind putting people up in local hotels that were walking distance. My kingdom for a goddam bike.
“Stolen her Vaseline and beeswax candles.” He tried a smile, but it didn’t last. “She was a bit shocked to find me in relatively good health, though still quite weak. Going without food and water for a few days has less of an effect on me than it would on the average person, but it still takes its toll.”
“It’s very simple. I wasn’t clear about what I wanted to do, and it didn’t go quite the way I had expected. But it was fine. Good.” Sherlock threw his hands up in the air. “Great, actually! But it wasn’t what I had wanted. I wanted to top.”
"You know every part?" John pictured a vast listening room in his mindpalace. Maybe even more like a recording studio?
“Fine. It isn’t. And I will try to let it go that you filed an observation about my driving away for a good five years. How did you get to continents?”
Oh, Mycroft had been pissed off at Sherlock countless times. He had even been pissed off at Sherlock before his actual birth; Mummy went on a health food binge just before his conception and dragged the whole family along with her. And Mycroft knew he would continue to be pissed off at Sherlock well into the future.
John clearly wasn’t expecting that— the language, the assertiveness, the suggestion itself— but he simply nodded, said, ”Gladly,” and began to move Sherlock into position. Then John turned back to his preself. “I want this, and you do to. You want it even more. You’ve wanted it for a very long time.”
“Biscuit it is, then.” He extends his hand out. It seems the right thing to do. “Name’s Sherlock Holmes.”
When we approached 221B, Smith seemed pretty agitated as the car slowed. Niecey was still hanging on the steps, playing some game on her phone. She glanced up at us both, frowned, and went right on tapping without a word.
I shifted to a military stance and waited. It seemed very possible that Culverton Smith would choose to be inhuman.
Sherlock weighed what might or might not have been a proposal. "I suspect it isn't something you can figure out in advance, and given John's near-suggestion, I think it would be agreeable.” His lips pressed into a hard line. “If I can stand to so much as look at you, that is. How can you be willing to do absolutely nothing? Even if the effort should prove be extraneous or futile.”
“Of course, of course," the preself said quickly. "Lots of lives. The diversion is of secondary importance.”
Sherlock placed his test tubes in their wooden holder and came into the sitting room. “It’s not as if I don’t like having sex with you, John. What we have is good. It works. It's predictable, maybe even stale, but…that doesn’t mean I wouldn’t want to do it anyway. Plus it was an opportunity to see how you would react to my having just a bit more control as well as to buy myself some time to figure out why you had shifted dramatically to something so different from what I had believed we had agreed upon. I don’t like not having answers, as you well know. To continue would give me additional data.” He eyed his chair as if he wanted to sit, but didn’t dare to just yet. That was for comfortable times, not for what was verging on a major argument. “Except… it didn't. It just left me more confused. Until I headed online and realised I had gotten precisely what I had asked for.” Sherlock’s smile was forced. “I am apparently not as well versed in sexual terminology as I had thought. Topping. On top. Not that “on top” gets used very much in our specific circumstances, but, it could apply.”
He licked gently around the tiny nub, then sucked, harder. More pressure. And yes, Sherlock’s breathing rate was increasing in response, but Sherlock remained silent, though John could tell he was still very much present, busy cataloguing every sensation. John could tell he wasn’t about to tell John even something as simple as “more”. Later, he’d explain a bit more about the benefits of actually
John had no problem carrying him to the pavement. Not really. It just felt right to complain about it a bit first. After all, seeing his life flash before his eyes as Clay pulled out a gun had only served to remind him how much he wanted Sherlock in that life—always. How much Sherlock had been in his life so far. How much more he wanted of him. In those few seconds, John knew how much he absolutely loved the man. And then Sherlock had gone and got himself shot. So much for a romantic post-case confession. He was too furious, and too worried, and too...every emotion under the sun. Getting him home and taking his trousers off was, sadly, still in order. But the context was entirely wrong.
Mrs. Hudson brought the pitcher and a glass and left for 221C, and Smith was escorted out, determined to keep quiet till he could make his phone call.
Holmes. The man knew precisely what he was doing, and I saw it for the skillful move it was-- to get me to abandon my practice, yet again, and join him. His manipulation proved no match for my stubbornness.
John traced his fingers along Sherlock’s chest, running one down the center, lifting it up just before reaching his navel, and then ran a thumb a bit more roughly across his left nipple. Slight, fleeting touch, or firm and hard? This wasn’t the ideal starting place, simply because if he were to use his mouth, a distinct possibility, he wouldn’t be able to observe any reactions in Sherlock’s facial expressions. Sound, then. Rely on sound.
“He was about to dart back into that tunnel. There was 28% chance he would manage to slip past Lestrade’s best and brightest back at the pawnshop, and althiugh admittedly small, it wasn’t one I was willing to take.”
The preself took up right where Sherlock left off. “Monitor the floors. Watch the elevators. At some point he will leave this hotel and we need to intercept him.”
“You think this is a different world,” John continued. “That you somehow made the right choices, and are leading some sort of better life. That I made a wrong turn. A different world, right? So different that we have nothing in common. But I know me.” He stopped, drawing in a sharp intake of breath through his nose. “I really, really know me. So that means, I know you too.”
To be a bit less flippant and a lot more precise-- there is another John Watson in this hotel. I'm going to talk to him. Find out why he is here. Unless you think there is a reason not to?
The first time Holmes picked up the pen, as I quite vividly recall, the result had been "The Blanched Soldier", a thinly-veiled attempt at reminding me he would never abandon me, regardless of circumstance. The case seemed custom-made to produce guilt --with its narrative of a military man willing to move heaven and earth to reunite with the comrade he loved so dearly. It had been written at a time when we had
John kept a bag filled with emergency supplies tucked between the sofa and the wall. For some reason, he had always pictured himself providing first aid on the sofa, should the time come. And he always knew it would eventually.
The man forces himself to stop grimacing at the nearly pristine issue of Cosmopolitan he holds (clearly the original purchaser from the previous flight hadn’t thought much of it either and had tucked it, more or less unread, behind the safety instruction card) and turns toward his seatmate. “Hi,” he responds. The voiced glottal fricative is extended just long enough to demonstrate the proper amount of disdain for this sudden burst of...friendliness.
He beckoned us nearer, speaking in hoarse whispers. “That business in Hampstead...where was it...? Appledore. Appledore Towers.”
It was Sherlock’s preself who broke the silence. “Well, I think it’s safe to say whoever set it all up didn’t see this coming.”
"Well I doubt they will come back before the deed is done. But with two of them there could easily be a second detonator. We are going to have to disarm it at the source. At Sumatra Road Station. But Sherlock should be doing that already."
“No? Sometimes it is so painfully obvious that you have not met a John Watson in your universe. John Watson would never leave someone behind. I’m sure that is the case for either one of them. For all of them. Loyalty and bravery are no less defining characteristics for them than observation and intelligence are for us.”
John read the text again, finally understanding the awkward phrasing indicating an interruption. He waited, staring at the screen.
"Oh, I forgot. You spoke with Dr Weise for, what, an hour or two... and now you are fully capable of manipulating time."
"In nearly every aspect of importance, yes. I saw the Khalifa in Khartoum, the Head Lama in Tibet. I found a degree of, shall we say
agreed I should not join Holmes in retirement in Sussex. And lest I find his clandestine message that it was
“Oh no. I needed her to bring you, and you to bring Smith. I only informed her it was for a case when I went upstairs to use her makeup right after you had left. Well, the eyeshadow anyway. I had already removed”
Sherlock was silent for a moment, then spoke. "You readily admit you are uncertain. However, you are beyond confident that we don't influence each other's ultimate course simply by being aware of each other's existence, or by knowing each other's path?”
The preself tempered his laugh into a smirk. "So you are implying he wants to set up a multi-dimensional bomb. As well as implying the universe is sentient enough to know when something doesn't belong within it?"
He cleared his throat. “Ill, you say? I’m so sorry to hear this. I don’t know him well, of course. Just old business. Well, best get him into a hospital, if they have the capacity. Covid can progress rather rapidly. I don’t know why you are calling on me. I don’t have a spare ventilator in my
“Is. Everything. Okay.” John leaned in closer. “I know you have no case right now, assuming that paint thing was truly finished, but you are usually… Well, I thought you were better after yesterday, but today I’m thinking it through and, maybe you weren’t better yesterday either.”
"I'm sure you are wondering why I called you all here," his preself said with a smile, walking into the front room. John returned it. Sherlock still looked perplexed. "Little joke? Don't tell me you have no room in there for jokes. How sad."
“You know what? I think you were trying to piss me off now. Trying to piss me off so I’d go at you hard and fast. But you know what? I’m gonna show you those “poor observational skills” in practice by keeping you on edge as long as I can. And believe me when I say that is a
thank you very much. And I heard the whole thing. How you waited till SARS hit in Sumatra to kill your nephew with some rare thing from your collection, and then came here. You can’t keep Mr. H away when he’s on to you, so you tried to do the same thing to him, now that you had the chance.”
"Not exactly. And as it turns out, I could have died anyway. So, so much for your little favour. The way I see it, I owe you less than nothing. If there is another Sherlock floating around here somewhere, let him deal with his own John."
“I’ve been sleeping fine enough, Mrs. Hudson. I’ll head right over. There isn't much I can do, but maybe he’ll at least listen to me.”
Did you know she was a good friend of Mummy's? Mummy's maths skill was essential to the early days of the TTP. Oh, and Dr Weise was also the driving force behind your promotion to the position you currently occupy. Well, that along with your not being an idiot, most of the time, and that you may be depended upon not to go mucking about in the time stream. Unlike myself. And then there was the fact that I recommended you to her. I needed easier access.
It certainly throws him a bit, hearing his name, but then he looks at his mobile and then at Sherlock again, makes the connection, and nods. “She said if I could manage to do that, she’d tell her therapist all about it. And I really wanted her to keep going back again; she’s been really good for Harry. So we made a deal. I’d do it, and I’d text her when I had. That was...that was the text. And she just told me that she wanted some kind of proof, and I told her to piss off. I wasn’t about to prove anything to her.”
I was so much more than just an ordinary girl. And, furthermore, any girl was, or rather, could be, so much more than ordinary. Sherlock may dismiss women's emotions, intuition, even insight as puzzling or too inconsequential to be worth the effort, but I was just as capable of logical thought as he. There was, in fact, much I could instruct him upon, if given the chance. Such as...such as his flowers, for example! My brain struggled to retrieve the word I wished to use to describe them. All I could find was “ridiculous”, though there was a far better one I sought. A word I had once heard my grandmother, Hadassah, use to express her disappointment in my sole attempt at quilting. It had sounded odd, and though I was young I believed it to be no true English word, yet certainly no curse. Mother frowned when I attempted to use it myself, and I had long since forgotten it. Seeing the arrangement nearly brought it forth from its dusty crevice within my own brain attic, and I found myself saddened at the loss.
Well, maybe next time he’d have the courage to… well, there would be another opportunity. There had to be.
They began to search for the room, but the hotel was a maze of interconnected hallways; the numbering had stopped and started again round dead end hallways, creating a nearly non-sequential effect. The preself walked toward a fire escape chart plastered to the wall by the stairwell. “Looks like that room number is accessible only through the North Tower. Back down, then over, then up again. Unnecessarily complicated. But somehow fitting to be held in a tower, I suppose.” He walked toward a lift tucked away in the corner and hit the call button.
At first, Sherlock scarcely acknowledged the comment; he was entirely too busy taking samples from the ten plus tubes of toothpaste that had magically appeared overnight.
"I will most certainly add 'scheming'. As of now, I am debating whether it is a fault or an attribute. At least you use your unsurpassed talent for annoyance in the service of the greater good."
“It won’t be easy, Watson. He doesn’t like me. I know him from an investigation. He was the suspect. In the death of his nephew. He might not want to help me, but you’ll make him come, won't you? You’ll make him break the stay-at-home and come here?”
Holmes smiled. "Yes. Through many trials of your patience. I assure you there is no anniversary you have neglected. I am merely weighing out potential outcomes, this night."
The hospitality was intended to make me feel welcome and supported, and it did. It did. But it also reminded me of how much I missed my clinic. Convent was always like a second home to me, especially back when my first one was a car. And ain't nobody bringing brunch to my brothers and sisters at Convent. Still, those pancakes made the best dinner ever. A little treat before I tried for a few hours’ sleep and the day started up on me all over again.
It has also been called to my own careful attention, in light of some unfortunate events, that you might come to question my willingness to assist you in future endeavors. Let this letter, then— which I will admit to having gone through countless revisions as fits one whose talents lie in numbers far more than in letters in the hopes of ensuring its lasting service as a keepsake— confirm that you have, as ever, my pledge of assistance in whatever form required, and, as family should never have to call into question (though far too often are made to do so), my love.
He laughed at that, and it had seemed to me I was destined to be repeatedly confronted with my literary assaults upon Holmes's character. In one of my more popular stories, I mentioned he seldom laughed. This could not be further from the truth. The man seemed to find everything amusing, much to my detriment. Perhaps that rebuke was, in fact, wishful thinking.
"Moran being here is an imbalance, and if we take him out it might be restored. The universe doesn't want him to succeed. If you are using this as a proving ground… perhaps he is as well. He might repeat this event cross-dimensionally."
Sherlock rolled over again and dug his head into John’s shoulder. John wrapoed him in the blanket which had somehow found its way to the end table, and reached for his pants. “Please don’t mention her again, as I will likely come to my senses in a few minutes and will likely be disgusted at the possibility.”
“Any… Oh! Did that thought circle back around on you again? You really should examine if it’s something you are actually interested in, as it is occupying a significant amount of your thoughts. Anything occupying that much mental real estate is either a desperate fear or a fervent hope. No, John, not that sort of change.” Sherlock stopped for a moment and neatly stacked his empty breakfast plates. He must be really concerned about asking. “John, I know it probably sounds like a minor difference, especially given some of the scenarios you’ve run through just now, but…” John swore there was a hint of a blush as Sherlock took some time to phrase whatever was coming next.
“To have an excuse to be naked on my bed, yes. Of course, I needed to make a few observations first before proceeding with the plan, but I was fairly confident as to what I might see.”
"And Watson, while we are contemplating which words to put into print, might I bring your attention to your latest manuscript. If you are going to say a character has dark, handsome,
“Culverton Smith. Here a few months. From the UK. 13 Lower Burke St.” He struggled to get the words out between clenched teeth. He wouldn't say so, but it was clear to me he was in a lot of pain. “Go. Bring him here. Make him come here.”
John’s preself stepped closer to the bed. “Not gonna call me a coward? Say ‘you know you want it’? Shove me onto the bed?”
“So, I suppose this is where I do something foolhardy to earn your trust.” He sighed. “Fine. I will help you."
My feet seemed to know their way while my mind continued to whirl. Before long, I found myself at his Baker Street address.
Whenever a case ended, he would go rest up and leave them all sitting there, lookin’ all, yellow, and that was when I finally decided to organize them myself, transfering the details to a laptop and dumping the rest in a shoebox. He had to file all the original notes away himself of course, in a huge index on the top of a rickety bookshelf he was barely tall enough to reach. He had some kinda order that only made sense to him. Alphabetical, more or less. I’d at least have the table reclaimed, until next time. But really, I just wanted to preserve it all somehow. The memory. Look it over later.
"I suspect the seed has been planted by readers who think themselves observant. It is far more difficult to unlodge an idea than a bullet, once it has found a home," he reached across the table and tapped my forehead gently, "here." He then kissed the spot gently, as if erasing a mark with his lips. I remained, however, unpacified by the gesture.
Eventually, the front desk receptionist made eye contact. The preself smiled weakly and as she acknowledged his expression with a measured politeness, he looked anxiously down at the paper once more. When it was his turn in the queue, he cleared his throat and spoke in a significantly less refined accent. "Sorry, sorry, Miss, but… We got this new guy taking orders, and he don't...oh...I'm from Curry Express. Order for Moran. New guy don't know what he's doin' and... well, I guess he just didn't notice, but he done got sauce or somethin' on the ticket, and well...does this look like a 2 to you, or a 7? I can't...maybe this one is a 2 and that's a seven. Well, sorry again, but, could you tell me what room Mr Moran is in, please? He checked his watch...the delivery would be late by now, of course. Ruined tip. He frowned.
John stopped struggling with the knots again and sighed. Sherlock was moments away from finding the room he thought John’s preself would have been in. And it will be empty. Of course he would be rescuing them instead of saving Parliament. He’d be searching for the right room, even if he had to bust down every door. Well, more likely pick every lock. But he wouldn’t just leave them, even though it was clear the father-son murder tagteam and their bomb was the more important thing to worry about.
“Knew you wouldn’t fail me, Watson. You’d never. Never would. Would not. Could not.” As he closed his eyes and drifted off, I thought I heard him mutter quietly, “In the rain. No, the one about the stars. Read me the one about the stars,” and he made a half-waving motion before his arm collapsed of its own weight onto his hip, startling him to full alert. “Watson! You are here, and he is not. Did he not come?” He turned his head aside, eyes downcast, and simply said, “Oh.”
"Maybe it.... Maybe it was fine, so long as it was some form of myself? That seems rather depressing, actually. At least when you thought it was narcissism, it was in a good way. Not, like this. I think I'm not destined to be quite so…. Maybe I just won't... what word goes here? Have? That sounds horrible. Experience... someone else. And I don't mean that you were so spectacular it ruined me for future partners, before you start thinking you were precisely that spectacular. It isn't loneliness; I have far more of a social life than I care for. But, sometimes, I think I would very much want a... sounding board. A whetstone, to keep my mind sharp. Something of a companion. Sexually... I... don't know. Can this still, evolve, into your thirties? Isn't sexuality fixed at, five or something?"
“She meaning your sister? Well, no. I didn’t know anything about you until we met today. I thought, perhaps, your combat experience might have—“
“They seem a tad chaotic, is all.” I turned toward the sitting room proper. There were scattered books everywhere and an abandoned chemistry experiment disgraced the breakfast table. “As do all your rooms, I suppose.”
“Why don't you ask him if he's going to stay? Why don't you ask him if he's going away? I saw them live at Oyster Bay, you know. How are those tenders, Johnny?”
I would not tell him I was secretly glad of it. I was just beginning to admit to myself that it had been part of a deliberate mechanisation to portray him as undesirable in one manner in particular-- a poor object of conquest for the more determined members of the fair sex. Eventually, I would tell him so, as well as the reasoning which lay behind it, but not at this moment.
The water was running. John’s preself was brushing his teeth. The sound stopped, and John’s preself emerged, looking ready for anything. He stood at the edge of the bathroom doorway, gave a quick assessment of the room, then folded his arms. “You have something to say to me?”
John practically dragged Sherlock by the scruff of the neck to the other room where the preselves were resting.
I took out my sketchbook. Sketching would help me visualise the full arrangement, but it was always far more than a tool for my memory; it often helped me think. Circling round the hopeless tulips was a flower I had not seen before, clearly some form of briar rose. Well, roses were harmless enough, and this one was a bright pink, though the center was indeed yellow. I knew hyssop meant sacrifice, monkshood was a warning against a deadly foe, thistle stood for endurance and nobility. They all flanked the unknown rose, with a second variety of rose mixed in as well. That one I recognised as a Christmas Rose. Of course it was not a true rose at all (more formally known as hellebore) and I knew it to symbolise serenity, tranquility and peace— associated with its holiday namesake. I looked it up to confirm that it did represent all three emotions, but next to the illustration was a small notation that it might also mean a scandal or anxiety. How very odd. In a delicate script beneath the illustration it was written, “Tranquilise me”.
"You mean you really didn't know?" Sherlock's preself confronted John's, as they continued to walk. "How is that even possible? I mean, true, you are far from what I would call observant, but...this is, more or less
"This makes no sense. If we don't have the opportunity to delete these events because of the lack of a bubble, then we would have remembered them. And I don't remember any of this. I have not met Lord Moran twice."
He looked surprised. “If it is what I believe it to be, it is progressing more rapidly than I thought. I’m glad you brought me here.” He moved forward and halted at the foot of his bed. “Mr. Holmes? Can you hear me?”
Sherlock looked at both Johns and smiled, while Sherlock’s preself called out without so much as rising from his chair. “Hello. We are on the trail of a bomber who has every intention of blowing up Parliament, perhaps even a plural would be appropriate here. Parliaments, not bombers. If it were up to me, I’d let you get on with your life, but this one,” the preself gestured abruptly toward Sherlock, “seems to think an extra person would be helpful for a plan. Just to be clear, I prefer to work alone. So. This requires every bit of your stealth and military training.”
Holmes looked right at me. He had no need to reread the passage from the source to ensure his accuracy. "I had had a Jezail bullet through it some time before," said he.
“As in, you didn’t expect it to be fine? Since when are our expectations so low? What the fuck is going on, Sherlock? What kind of fucking experiment was it? We agreed. We,” John stopped to take a deep breath and count to himself. “We agreed that you wouldn’t set things up at home to recreate a case. That it was rude, and even possibly dangerous, but mostly that it was unfair to use me for that without my knowledge.”
"I know. The grammar is horrendous. ‘Had’ is correct in this instance. It was, after all, in your past. And the answer is, the same way you can detect a bubble. It creates a field."
“Gee, thanks, Dad-Replacement,” John’s preself grinned. He found the rest of his clothing on the chair and dressed quickly.
“Can we at least go home first? I’d rather not be stripped down to my pants in the middle of First National, even if it is a Sunday.” He gestured toward the night watchman and bank president, who had insisted on accompanying them into the vault.
