John pulled back again to look him in the eye. “No, it’s not, love. But it is rather heart-breaking, even if I get where you’re coming from.”
“Oh, so you were the one who played into his game, were you?” he asked, a little pointedly. “You thought ‘oh, hey, let’s get kidnapped by a madman because Sherlock is being an arse and not taking things seriously’, did you?”
At meeting Sherlock’s gaze, something flashed in the depths of those deep, warm brown eyes. Something that gave the impression of an abyss that was staring back, one with things lurking in it, ready to spring when you weren’t looking.
Then there was the question of if he did, would he be doing the case Mycroft was building against the harem owners a disservice, if not outright harm it? He wasn’t sure, though he suspected that it would. But when he’d voiced the concern, Sherlock had shaken his head. It hadn’t come from any of their users, had it? And though Moriarty seemed to have had free movability through the harem, there was no evidence that said he was an owner.
Except, then he practically barked at Sherlock to take his coat off and go sit on the coffee table, growled something more under his breath and marched into the kitchen, without so much as glancing back at the halfway dragon standing in their living room.
“Pardon me if I don’t really think you’ll be the one taking the morning nappy. Two will have to do for the moment.”
And he would live up to it, too. Come what may, he would – whatever it would take, he would find John. Help him if he could, in whichever way he needed, when he did find him. No grand gestures, no…nothing of the things he would normally do, just…
So, he turned but then had to persuade his eyes that they should open. Otherwise, there was no point to having turned around in the first place.
He waited for whatever response he would get, just hoping that he would get one. That Sherlock wouldn’t turn away from him, physically and metaphorically. It seemed highly unlikely he would, considering, but the thought stuck in John’s mind like a burr once it had appeared.
Having to worry about first whether his best friend would ever regain consciousness then whether the same best friend was lost to his feral, mythological instincts and would kill him in order to keep him, that was about as far from fair as possible.
“Oh.” Sherlock blinked again, though for another reason entirely. Then he smiled and bent for the kiss.
Same reason he hadn’t put actual explosives in the vest he’d shoved the doctor into, the detective suddenly realised. The same reason John had just enumerated and expanded upon. He wasn’t interested in killing John. The blond had gotten that wrong. Not all Moriarty’s possessions were dead or soon to become so. Some had other uses.
Whatever had been good from that life had in any case been allowed to follow him into this new and better life. The one that had John in it. Their family in it.
At the very least, if that weren’t an option, that he would be as much part of theirs as possible, and not for the babysitting opportunities inherent in a brother-in-law.
They weren’t going. But not because Mycroft didn’t want to see them or that he didn’t deem it that important, after all.
“Sherlock? Aren’t you angry?” With someone, almost anyone else, it would’ve liked come out sounding anxious, perhaps even timid. With John, it instead sounded confused and just a little challenging. Or perhaps it was more accurate to call it a form of standing his ground.
Only, not quite. It was hairline fine but it was still present and gave the quiet indication of something breaking along the line.
That was something which Sherlock found a little hard to believe, given the anxiety her ‘father’ had undoubtedly given off – children were a whole lot more susceptible to smells and scents, even faint ones, than grownups were as well as changes in behaviour that adults didn’t believe they would notice – but again, he let it go.
He didn’t say that out loud, though, aware of how that might come across. “I’m not the only danger.”
Sherlock blinked. He hadn’t seen that one coming but rallied soon enough. There was a point to prove.
...I know, it's an odd place to stop. I didn't quite think about length when I wrote all this but at the same time, I didn't want to overwhelm you with all this explaining. And yes, I know it's written a bit oddly, too, sort of after-the-fact, and I'm sorry...I have tried. :( At least it's an explanation, I can say that.
Not that he believed John needed to be shut away or protected or anything like that. His doctor was strong, physically and mentally. It was just…
In the end, John slept for roughly thirty hours. Slept wasn’t even quite enough to describe the heavy, almost hibernation-deep sleep he fell into almost the moment he’d hit the mattress.
“So you still plan to add him. Why? If he’s that insignificant, surely it doesn’t matter. Oh, he could expose you, but you know he wouldn’t and regardless, you don’t care whether you’re exposed to the world or not. In fact, you want the world to know. You plan to add the whole world to your hoard, or the best bits of it, so why do you have need of one puny army doctor of no significance?”
Only to find John looking around not with an expression of disgust or even one of fear. Granted, there was a smidgeon of fear in there, not surprisingly, but the most prominent expression there was one of…guilt? No, that couldn’t be right, surely?
John made a face at that, small but enough that Sherlock would easily pick up on it while Mycroft couldn’t, being limited to audial input. The Alpha in the room seemed to understand and give the Omega’s hand another small squeeze.
“Really.” Why was admitting that suddenly a bit exciting, as though he was letting him in on a secret? He supposed he was but still, that didn’t really explain the
Much like with every other sensory input, however, they faded into the background tapestry that was living among other humans and whatever else was needed to make modern living possible, becoming a smudged whole that you never truly registered.
But…why? Was it the fact that he had spent so much time in a harem? That he’d seen what kind of Alphas frequented such a place and had had – but John hadn’t been young when he’d become a keeper. He’d known life outside, a lot of it, it seemed, and had learned from it, and had also known a lot of Alphas, too.
“For finding it anchoring, for one thing,” the blond said in a normal tone then he quietened it a little again. “For another, for…admitting to it.”
“Which you realised almost immediately and took responsibility for. I’m not angry with you. Hurt, yes, but no more than would be reasonable to expect and I am definitely not angry, nor anything closely associated with it.”
He could feel his wings press against his back, itching and fighting to break free of his hold on them but he pushed them down ruthlessly. The last thing they needed was some nosy little twat thinking they’d seen something interesting and coming to investigate, possibly bringing other twats to it, which would only exacerbate the matter.
Sherlock knew that the Omega had worried he would be led astray by his own desires. His own desperate wish, thus making things fit that didn’t truly fit. It was almost like a puzzle piece that you’ve been wanting to place for so long that you convince yourself that the patch there is really blue rather than grey because you’ve finally found somewhere it would fit, and it’d fit so beautifully.
The blond didn’t say anything to it. Instead, he reached down, grabbed his guitar, grabbed hold of Sherlock’s arm, a firm hold and began to walk up the stairs.
When Moriarty looked up again, the only difference between the eyes of the dragon and that of the human was the shape of the pupils and even that might be called debatable.
“Sherlock, you deem almost everything I ask stupid. To be honest, I’m somewhat surprised you’re even bothering to answer my questions and not just dismissing them out of hand.”
“Intentionally, no, but that’s rather irrelevant in the circumstances.” He let his hand drop from the cheek, feeling it was a little inappropriate.
The consulting detective then brought a hand down between them and covered the length that pressed hard against the soft material of the underwear it was encased in. He didn’t squeeze or trail his fingers along it, just let his hand stay there with the lightest of pressures against it.
He couldn’t see him, for obvious reasons, but he could feel him, which didn’t sound as utterly mad as it maybe ought to have done. Not only in the hand that he was still holding onto quite tightly, not wavering in the slightest, from either side, but in the things all around him. The feelings they represented. Which were his own, yes, but that hand and what it represented was…
Well, he had a pretty good idea as to who, though that didn’t mean he was right. It had been only a split-second’s view, after all.
“There’s the sheet music for both of us,” he said. “I didn’t know whether Mr. Duffy had given you them in advance, so I printed for both.”
The consulting detective had been busy pouring over what was in the file when he felt the head fall onto his shoulder, the warm body next to him pressing even closer. Jolted out of his thoughts, he turned his head and felt his heart skip a beat at the sight.
Sherlock tries to find a way to bring an end to the stalemate they find themselves in. One that hopefully won't end with any of them dead.
Then she pushed the wrist right into her nose, inhaling deeply and audibly, in almost a snuffling way. She made a soft, thoroughly contented noise at that, once the scent coming off the gland at the wrist had settled into her nostrils properly.
No, what he did was something altogether more puzzling. He grabbed John’s face with both hands, broad palms and long fingers almost enveloping it, still searching with that look in his eyes. Pulling them even closer together, he inhaled deeply.
This time, though, the angle of their hands trapped air between their palms and made a noise that best could be described as an aging and threadbare whoopee cushion trying for one last hurrah.
There was still a lot of things about his new life that hadn’t been settled yet, to say the least, but he could see the shape of it, knew the difference of it, and his old couldn’t honestly hold a candle to it.
The former, they were the oldest, from a time before it was necessary to blend in amongst the cattle to survive for any significant length of time, relatively speaking, and where your hoard was significantly more likely to be the target for opportunistic little louts who thought of…well, who had the same idea as the dragons, really, if we’re being entirely honest. It was merely that they were doing it on a much smaller scale, as it were, the limitations of their size and the time they were allotted on earth, which back in those days were pitifully short.
The man’s wife stayed home to look after her while he got some work done from home. Why he couldn’t have been the one to take a day off, then, wasn’t elaborated on, either, and though it wasn’t important – Sherlock knew as it wasn’t difficult to know why – there was something about the slipping and sliding to avoid it that didn’t just grate but sent alarm bells ringing.
His heart ached for this moment of vulnerability, as it did for his love every time it happened, in the knowledge of what it meant for Sherlock to allow himself that at all. Which meant that even though he knew there was a clock ticking, an important clock, he could not bring himself to hurry this along, let alone ignore it altogether.
I'll do my best to get another chapter out before the year's out. Thank you again to everyone for being patient with me. Hopefully.
Palaces? Why the – oh. Either Whitehall or, more likely, referring to the stately home the harem had been relocated to in Scotland, because otherwise it seemed rather a random and pointless comment to make, even if he was fishing for some kind of reaction.
At the same time, something inside him lit up, like a fire gone down to embers which had been given another log, and burned quietly but strongly, not about to flicker out or even fade anytime soon.
Sherlock’s brow wrinkled in wary confusion and slight offense before he saw the warmth in the blue eyes, and it clicked. He smiled.
to be that he had no choice – not because Mycroft had meddled or some other, actually lack of choice, mind – but to say yes.
John, a little surprised though he couldn’t have said why, nodded and was about to pull away when the driver waved him close with a finger.
The fact that he still could be merely out to ‘play’, even though he had in fact kidnapped their daughter, made him certain, however, that it had not been a dream, for all that he’d wish it were.
“Did any user…” Sherlock paused for just a fraction, but the Omega noticed, anyway, wondering at it, “I haven’t come across any user giving money directly to the harem members. Do you know if such practices existed?”
No! No, that wasn’t – he was about to bring them straight back to where they had been before they’d slept, thus potentially negating the entire point of their getting some rest so they weren’t running on fumes, letting exhaustion set the pace and all. He even felt better and clearer now, seemingly without any influence from the dragon, and yet, he was still about to sabotage –
Something at the very back of his mind, another buried and ignored part that was nothing to do with the dragon, whispered,
For a moment, as he looked at them more closely than he had in a very long time, he recoiled. Not because he was unwilling to accept that they were part of him, both in his past and in his present. Okay, perhaps somewhat that, but it was more the size of them, the tangibility of them.
“And that has to do with…this,” he waved his unoccupied hand between them, “how exactly? Don’t tell me that you boning me is going to seal anything – oh, fuck, it is, isn’t it?”
Not that he wasn’t going to, because he always seemed to manage to, but there was no reason to actively
“If you weren’t aware,” the midwife said, turning her attention on the Omega alone, “then I can’t say I’m surprised, not at this stage of pregnancy. The heartbeats are hard to distinguish through the stomach and for twins, they will often, though not always, align when they are big enough to be felt. The growth of the stomach is, as you know, not necessarily a good indicator. Some single pregnancies could be mistaken for twins and vice versa. It’s only really larger sets of multiples that are easily distinguished.”
“Of course, but how? Can you tell me? No, obviously not, otherwise you wouldn’t…but is it dragon related?”
Did that honestly count, though? Not really, much as he was loath to admit it. Yes, he’d put himself out there in terms of showing his feeling. Showing that he was vulnerable and emotional, that he was willing to be that. Willing to risk opening up and showing John he, he loved him and wanted to be in a relationship with him, and that was a legitimate trip out onto the metaphorical ice, especially for him.
He took some comfort, though, in the almost immediate mention of her somatosensory system and its responsiveness, even before she’d woken. It hadn’t purely been while in Heat, either. And that nothing they could find indicated she was in pain, though of course that was always a bit of a dicey call to make without the patient fully cognisant.
It might be that he’d successfully left the depths of his mind and all the associated undesirable things down there but that didn’t mean he was on the upper floors of his conscious mind yet, either. Instead, he was in the part of the palace where his worries and concerns were, especially the ones that he didn’t much want to acknowledge in his waking moments.
It had been placed on the side of the toilet sink as always and when he got out of the shower, it wasn’t there. Nobody else had been in the flat and watches didn’t go walkabout on their own, now did they?
It wasn’t going to matter what they brought for Tessa, was it? Because at this rate, John’s heart was going to give out on him long before they got to where she was.
Normally, you claimed a thing first so that other dragons would know it had been claimed. Then you shielded it, to protect it from detection by said other dragons, who might be tempted to steal it simply because it had caught the attention of a rival, and you added it to your already shielded hoard.
Puzzled and even more worried, John stood to ease the strain on Sherlock’s limb. He looked to the other dragon, who was regarding them with an even more pronounced frown than before.
“Come to make one last comment about not screwing things up, more like,” Sherlock corrected as he popped open the boot and hauled out the bags.
“I didn’t say I was, did I?” John growled back, thoroughly annoyed. “What I was going to say was that I’ll do my fucking damnedest to ensure that I kill him.”
Why? Why was he acting this way? Not just now, either, or she wouldn’t have been as familiar with him or felt as safe as she obviously did.
.” The words came out a commanding snarl, which wasn’t intentional. With great effort, he tried to rein some of the anger in. “Please, John. It’s crucial.”
He’d gotten John to eat, though he’d been coerced into eating a few sandwiches, as well. After that, he’d gotten the by then swaying man out of his clothes and into the bed that had been his but which he now thought of as ‘theirs’, intending to leave it at that and go do his research immediately afterwards.
Sherlock would still, in his heart if nowhere else, consider that a worthy payment for this. Even if it turned out badly.
Puberty for dragons happened at much the same time as it did for humans, for all that dragons subsequently were so long-lived they were fairly well immortal.
Out of the corner of his eye, the doctor saw the lanky, half-dressed body lunge towards him, eyes wild and face contorted, and he tried to speed up his movement, to will his limbs to go faster, faster.
The momentary lapse was used by Moriarty to wrest his hand free. Then he brought the bloody fingers towards his mouth, his lips parting slightly in anticipation. All the while, he kept his eyes on John, amusement creeping back into his features.
“You cannot expect me not to be worried when you’re nowhere to be found immediately following your performance,” his brother replied, unperturbed by the reaction of the younger Holmes. He came to a stop far too close to them, leaning on the umbrella handle.
He swallowed hard, with determination, and managed to get the lodged rock down, at least enough so that he could speak again.
“We’d better be quiet,” John said, the words coming out as puffs of restrained laughter. “He’s not that far away and…well, he probably knows I’m not French, at least. But laughter is hardly, hardly appropriate.”
John glared at him but nevertheless took a look at what had landed in his lap. No, it wasn’t dangerous, that was true. But that wasn’t to say it was comforting in the slightest, either
A sudden wind rustled through his hair. Given that he had yet to feel that strength of wind up here, even though they were soaring through the air – a small, youthful part of him was still not over the thrill, the wonder of flying, carried by an actual
They stared at each other in silence for a long minute, Sherlock stunned, with tears still trickling down his face.
Though Sherlock had given him back his watch earlier, he hadn’t thought to put it on at the time and so it had been placed on the coffee table at some point between then and moving the brunet into his bedroom. He wasn’t about to leave his friend to go out and grab it.
He’d wait for Sherlock to crawl back into bed and then he’d go out into the living room and call Mycroft. Then he could always pick up worrying afterwards. He might even have a brief panic attack about it all, who knew?
“But it is an issue that cannot be easily answered in any case. There’ll always be too many factors to satisfactorily answer the hypothetical question of whether you are doing the right thing, and especially so when you’re standing right in it.”
“I’d try to help you deal with whatever it was. Just like I always do. Now come here, you. Into bed. At least it’s not a long trip this time.”
But…nobody touched him. Not apart from his family, and they were supposed to touch you, weren’t they? Obligated to. John wasn’t.
“’Goodbye’?” There was no doubt that it was John. A John who sounded disbelieving and angry. “What the hell do you mean ‘goodbye’? Are you bloody serious?”
Pale eyes homed in on the bottle the blond clutched. No. Alcohol really wasn’t a good idea for John right now, not with everything else.
He fervently wished he hadn’t been rooted to the spot when John had kissed him. If he hadn’t, he might’ve had the courage to be more confident, to have kissed back and not let his mind get a word in edgeways. But frozen he had been and now, he was cursed with his mind having been flooded with thoughts and insecurities.
“I do,” John confirmed, smiling and blinking to keep the tears that threatened in check. “Well done, love.”
He realised he himself was making plenty of noise, mostly through swearing as he struggled. It wasn’t something which had much coherence except being a string of abuse that he was controlling at all, just his mouth running off by itself. At another time, he might’ve wondered why it was doing that now and not at an earlier point but right then, he didn’t spare the thought.
Rather, it was just that there was so much attached to these feelings, to John and by extension Sherlock himself that it could hardly help but be fraught and precarious. Not helped, of course, by what lurked in the depths.
That might sound farfetched and ridiculous and possibly at was, but at the same time, he’d dealt with far stranger things in all this. Compared to bone dust poisoning and dragons and gold sickness, a fake or replicate watch sounded positively tame, honestly. Unimaginative, even.
At the same time, he also wanted to record his reactions for future reference. Know what gave the best responses in a way that he couldn’t deduce from observation, so that he could replicate it and make sure that…
Apropos feelings, a feeling of relief and burgeoning hope put out its small but tentatively blooming bud at the knowledge that dragon instinct didn’t immediately come in and take over that feeling.
“Unplanned…? Sherlock, most emotions are unplanned, that’s kinda the point of them. Not the whole point, obviously, but quite a large part. But the point is also that you would’ve been able to shift back had you not had Moriarty bloody well mess things up. You would’ve been in control.”
The cabbie merely smiled and indicated his head in the direction of the lanky brunet. A good Alpha, that, he said. As though John needed someone else to tell him that particular fact. The man seemed to mean well, at least.
The voice, though he wasn’t here, sounded incredibly, vividly like John. A John who wasn’t just angry, he was disappointed.
“Let me finish, would you?” After taking another breath of calming scent, he sat himself up so he could look the other in the eye. “Just because I use endearments to you doesn’t mean you’re obligated to do so, too. You do know that, right?”
He’d locked back and down, to see his wife crumbled in a heap on the floor – he broke into a small sob as he pointed, for some reason. Well, almost a heap.
The dragon’s question would’ve been a demand, and at least possibly a slightly impressive or effective one at that, had it not been for the thread of…not quite whine but perhaps…fear?
“Why would I go to a store when you have a stash of at least two unopened bottles just upstairs? But you’re not running upstairs, either.”
While he thought, he’d managed to get at the last bits of dust, to the best of his estimation. The keening had certainly faded considerably since he’d started, even if it hadn’t entirely vanished, as he would have to admit he’d hoped for.
He frowned and narrowed his eyes, the confusion of exhaustion born by too much to do, not enough time and a stubborn refusal to take the rest that he needed making him just a little bit hazy on some of the details. Such as how much time exactly had passed. Minor things.
The photos that Mycroft had managed to get hold of were more of a reliable clue, but they were still not any kind of smoking gun, as it were. She was of the right age, the right hair colour and there seemed to be traits that were recognisably John’s, such as the button nose and the blue eyes.
The future would hold…something. What it was, he didn’t know, and the most he could do was try to make it as right, as good as possible.
“Taking the Alpha of the couple rather than the Beta, I mean,” the Omega said. “Not that it might not be the fact that it’s the wife and not the husband. Seeing as she was the one who stayed home when their – the child was ill even though he works from home, she’s obviously very invested in the child.”
To be honest, all he could feel right then was sadness for the poor Omegas who’d ended up victims of the man. There wasn’t even the hope or the fear that he’d put them in that situation because even he knew that he wouldn’t have made a blind bit of difference, especially not since he knew the Alpha would’ve used proxies to buy them. Sherlock hadn’t said, either, that they were harem Omegas, come to that.
“Probably a combination of a lot of things and perhaps it’s not outright jealousy, either. Look, it’s not as though I’m a psychiatrist. Not that kind of doctor, but – but I’m just concerned that if we try to go through this and you’re, somewhere deep inside, afraid that Mycroft, or someone else, is going to try and take me away, then – “
This wasn’t the dragon in the first place. Not even close to the real one, again with the caveat of what counted as real. That was still chained down in the bowels of his mind, which the tightness of the leash would confirm, if he stopped to properly think about it. This was nothing more than a projection of it that was meant to fool him.
An odd image surged up in his mind of minds at that, of a little boy, or it might have been a tree, who ate and ate and grew and grew, forever wanting more. Pleading its parents for more, even when it had consumed both its parents in its insatiable greed for more.
“I know,” he said, voice gentle. “I was just being stupid at first and then tried to think through it. I should’ve said something first, though.”
when he became incorporated into the hoard. So long as there was no definitive clue as to what the Irish dragon’s hoard consisted of, it might as well be the skulls of the people he messed with.
John smiled in turn then leaned in for a kiss. One which started tender and sweet but rather quickly grew firmer and more passionate and then he opened his mouth.
Instead, she looked at John. It was only half a second each time, barely long enough for anyone to register and yet, it was poignant for all of that. It certainly wasn’t a coincidence.
“Would you expect a medical student to know or remember everything within their textbooks within the second day of the course?”
John smiled back at him, small but warm. “Well, okay – “He stopped, eyes narrowing slightly just for a moment as he looked at Sherlock’s eyes. Then he relaxed again.
Their first time together didn’t need to be perfect, but it shouldn’t awful, either, and it most definitely should not be traumatising.
Most likely it was both equally. In any case, the important thing was that this was his reaction at all and that it was a positive one as well.
He’d smelled them before, too, of course he had. It wasn’t as though he’d grown up in rural Scotland or something. But he’d been sequestered in the harem for such a long time, among scents he knew or quickly grew accustomed to, that it was a shock to the system to be out in it for any length of time.
Sherlock managed to get himself into a sitting position, John still somehow hovering just above actually touching except for his knees against the hips.
The strain from that was real. He didn’t know whether it could cause further damage to what the scent deterioration had already caused, but regardless, the stress wasn’t good on the children in John’s womb.
Sherlock was right; this wasn’t about genders, primary or secondary. This was about two people, two odd, out-of-step, societally exiled people with thorny, winding, bloody paths making up their lives, who’d found the person that could not just tolerate them but like them, love them,
It wouldn’t do Tessa any good if they arrived – and regardless of whether Moriarty was the biological father or not, the consulting detective was almost he wasn’t about to harm her, even if he did get bored, not if he wanted to get John’s attention, in any case – and there were tensions between them that had been allowed to…grow.
Sherlock looked at figure of his partner, his bond mate, and shifted the hand in his to a firmer hold. He didn’t say anything, however. Whatever he could think to say was something that John was undoubtedly already well aware of and debating with himself inside his mind. To bring it up might just make him feel guilty for feeling like this and needing to pull himself together in the first place and while that was nonsense, as far as the brunet was concerned, it was also something he recognised as not his to judge.
Trying to shake that sensation, he spotted a Costa and felt a sudden hunger for a good…well, a cup of coffee and something sweet and flaky. Of course, he could’ve gotten that downstairs at Speedy’s, too, but the urge came over him then and well, he could always pop into Speedy’s before he went up, buy a few things to snack on.
Once upon a time, he would’ve immediately run after whatever, whoever it was, ready to confront them. Ready to tackle them, if need be.
“John?” he asked, his voice a rasp. A strangled rasp at that. Nevertheless, he was glad it was a voice that came out. His voice, and a human voice at that.
So he had noticed. Of course he’d noticed, he wasn’t stupid or as unobservant as the consulting detective pretended, but Sherlock still hadn’t expected him to notice that…to notice all the little details or connect them.
Which was also the reason he wanted to be sure he got it right. Part of the reason, anyway. Some of it was, he could admit to, because he wanted to prove to John, and somewhat to himself, that he could be the one to take the initiative, too, and be just as creative and thoughtful in the way he went about it.
One or two of them he knew the origin of, but that was mainly because he recognised them from one case or another. Telling his friend that he couldn’t steal said items and would have to put them back was met with a complete lack of care, the kind that cats were so good at that, the I-know-it-bothers-you one.
But now…this wasn’t that. Oh, there would undoubtedly be something of that bubble nature simply from the nature of it, but this bubble would have quite a few tethers to the ground.
Yes, but that was when it came to a human being. Human shape or even the state he was in now, Sherlock wasn’t human, he was a mythic creature. To assume that the same rules applied, just because he wanted them to, was foolish, to say the least.
They stayed like that for a long while, just needing the calm, the reassurance and the security that it brought. It wasn’t even just what had happened between Sherlock leaving and returning, either, as residue of what had gone before that, which had accumulated like the sea depositing sand or the build-up of stalactites over time, played a great part in it, too, for them both.
But with any luck, they would have Tessa back with them long before that and though she was older and therefore could be told ‘no’ or other admonitions, she was still only a child.
It had worked. Against all his worries, all his fears and his partial certain belief that he would lose John to this, it had worked. Sherlock had managed to propose, even if he hadn’t got it right in the way he’d hoped and had planned it, and John had, despite the hiccups and everything he’d feared, accepted it.
There was silence on the other end of the line for what at least felt like a long time. Then, as quietly as before, Mycroft said, “I think you’d better tell me as much as you can possibly remember, John. Even if it seems trivial.”
So, what were his options, then? Kissing, of course, but that ran the risk of being seen as a way to circumvent the issue more than anything.
However, the Alpha didn’t seem to take it as such. Instead, he shook his head, quickly and earnestly.
But some was more akin to his stomach physically moving in a way he couldn’t remember having experienced before, and he paused.
“Me too,” he said, so quiet that it was as well they were as close as they were but no less sincere for the quietness.
As always, he was tempted to say. Then again, he’d known that almost since the start of their friendship, hadn’t he? And he’d accepted it just as early on.
But then, the doctor let go of his hand and sat back in the chair. This was only so the other had a clear view of him and, as it turned out, that hand as it was brought up to his collar where it flicked open just enough buttons of the shirt, one-handed, to pull the collar aside and show off the skin on either side of the neck as well as the neck itself.
That and shutting down whatever backdoors was left. But, provided he could push the dragon back down, there ought to be enough time to do that, then return to John.
Would it still work if it was a replica? Possibly though more likely Sherlock would know. He would know because he’d changed it and the dragon would know, too. Would it know? Could it smell the difference? Well, John had worn the real one for long enough that his scent would be embedded in it to an extent, even the metal, so probably.
“Hardly yours, though, is she?” Moriarty commented, his tone still entirely pleasant on the surface, but with the glint of a knife that threatened violence if not heeded. Threatened pain, at any rate, the kind of pain that you might wish to have replaced with mere violence, or even just death.
“Showtime,” the Irishman sneered and shoved at the blond, who was caught by two men, who were presumably the ones who’d kidnapped him in the first place, and manhandled into the same kind of Semtex vest that the other bombing victims had had on.
It wasn’t a bashful or even a sheepish smile. Perhaps slightly sheepish but it was mostly that warm smile that reached his eyes.
The shop clerk had assured him that it could handle pretty much anything a knife could be needed for, and John would, even though he was far from any sort of expert, whatever Sherlock thought, have to agree the point. It would serve whatever function he would need it for.
“Is the coat part of his…his hoard?” he asked. “Can other dragons tell whether something is part of a hoard?”
Moriarty knew they were having…but no, he couldn’t. It had to be pure coincidence or an attempt to mess with him.
“You’re not Moriarty.” John’s words were adamant, which was slightly odd but mainly, it was sweet and very touching. “You are not like him.”
Although to John’s growing dread, he couldn’t spot any spark of recognition in those eyes, he believed that Sherlock had to be in there still, and if he was, there had to be some way to reach him. John had no idea how, but he had to try and do so fast, before Sherlock snapped out of his momentary stasis.
“I’m deeply offended, though – madman?” he continued. “At least be zoologically exact, Mr. Holmes, for goodness’ sake, if you do insist on clinging to science.”
Sherlock didn’t answer. He had to concentrate. It wasn’t exactly difficult, but he had to be absolutely and utterly sure he got this right, after all. Just because he’d seemed to ace it so far, which he was beyond relieved and grateful for, wasn’t any reason to get cocky and think he had it all sorted. That way lay mistakes and he couldn’t afford any of those.
It would be easy to argue that he’d already answered the first one; because he wanted to. But there were other ways of going about such a thing, for one, and for another, it was, some would argue, rather out of character for him. It might even, by one or two, be casually but pointedly mentioned, eyebrows raised over a cup of tea and cake, that he’d needed John to spur him into action, on rec and set him on the path of thinking of doing something for him, without being prompted.
The rest of the day was spent in the same vein. Once John had exhausted what he could remember of the harem and its owners, he put the papers aside for the moment, ready for when or if he recalled anything more. Where to put it that wouldn’t disappear into the general clutter of the living room was a bit of a conundrum but eventually, he settled on putting it underneath the skull, employing it as a slightly macabre paper weight.
Still, though, the thought, the mere possibility that John apparently expected him to…to be unfaithful to him, which the ease with which he joked about it seemed to suggest…that stream was perhaps more accurately described as a fountain.
“I’m sorry,” he heard from above him, quiet but sincere. “I phrased that extremely poorly. I only meant that if you’re worried that they might be put in danger by the life you…we’ll lead, that a nanny could assist you.”
The pool would be the best option for getting rid of the vest, but he didn’t have the time nor the freedom of movement to accomplish it. Every other option his mind was able to conjure met the same problem.
There was a part of him that didn’t want to touch the money that had even the slightest to do with Moriarty because who knew where they’d been acquired? Then again, it was a bit late in the game to begin worrying about that sort of thing, wasn’t it? Hypocritical if he did, in any case.
“John?” he queried again as his pupils widened into something more closely resembling those of cats, which could be slits, too, but weren’t as often as not. The fact that they were widening at all and wasn’t immediately slipping back to slits were the important thing, though.
Not convinced but not wishing to push it right then, Sherlock contended himself with nodding and smiling, for which he got a push against his shoulder.
He turned out to be right; this close, though he couldn’t hear the precise words, John could hear the voice and there was little mistaking the voice of the elder Holmes.
“Doesn’t take much, after all, depending on how much is needed to fulfil the criteria of the claim. Even if it’s the full package, I reckon I could be open enough to fit you relatively quickly and then, well…just need to think of something that really gets you going. Could be over and done with inside an hour or so, I think, give or take, depending on variables, of course. Then you can get back to whatever you were experimenting on or cold case you left, and you won’t have to worry about it again.”
That wasn’t the case, now, even when he took the time to listen closely and critically to it, as he hadn’t quite when he’d received the box. Of course, some of the nuances were lost or diminished by the fact that it was a music box, but he was rather impressed with how well it managed it and how little was lost.
She winced and sagged in her bonds as it was squeezed, quite hard by Sherlock’s estimation. However, she did not in fact cry out or even tear up.
To be honest, they owed going back to the adoptive father, too, but Sherlock wasn’t at all sure he was feeling that charitable about it all.
Feeling a sense of relief that the mood had been restored and firmly pushing the thoughts of his impending failure as a father to the back of his mind for the moment – he wished he could delete them but when he’d tried, they had somehow survived or had managed to respawn – Sherlock played along.
“For what? Fly around? Apart from the fact that people would be after me, for a host of varying reasons, there are far easier ways to transport yourself nowadays. Breathe fire? What would I have need of that?”
He then said, perfectly seriously, “John, it’s either you showing me or me rummaging through the bag regardless – “
It was only when a hand landed on his shoulder that he realised Mycroft had moved and more than that, that he was…struggling to get it all back under control. Enough so that Mycroft was – was exhibiting something approaching a look of concern and had in fact got up from his chair, too.
His immediate reaction was further put to shame when he did text John, the evening of the following day – he didn’t want to seem overeager, after all, and they did have a bit of time to work with – and got a reply not five minutes afterwards.
“I truly didn’t, I promise. Not now nor at any point in…since we started practising.  I…I’ve enjoyed the time we’ve spent together a whole lot, too. Every bit of it.” He hesitated, uncertain of whether he dared say it, but decided if he was to give a proper explanation and the parting he’d intended, he’d have to take the risk, which wasn’t that big a risk, considering that if John didn’t value the whole thing to at least some degree, why would he bother asking for an explanation or get upset? “I’ve enjoyed our friendship.”
Oh, but it felt wonderful, to have his thoughts and worries drain away into the white nothing that seemed to come ever closer. So very lovely and comforting. Perhaps it wouldn’t be so bad, really…
“It’s…fine, John,” he answered softly, aiming for as reassuring as he could get. Moriarty momentarily forgotten in the surge of affection he experienced for his doctor at the vulnerable caring he exhibited, it took him a moment to register that his voice was somewhat hoarser than he would’ve expected or intended. Why?
It wasn’t quite as simple as that, of course. Sherlock still knew, though, even if John didn’t quite yet, that in his own self-identity, John Hamish Watson was a doctor, first and foremost.
Lestrade because he couldn’t get hold of Sherlock? No, he’d go back to trying Sherlock’s phone, which was…somewhere. Who else?
The issue, Sherlock told John, was that although Mycroft wouldn’t say it, he was just a little rattled by the experience of not knowing who had delivered the paper. Until he found out, he would rather have them discuss the issue at his home, after work.
John blinked and the corners of his lips twitched as though some muscles wanted to form a smile, but the rest adamantly refused to and so it was stuck somewhere in between.
“Wasn’t it? Because it sure as hell sounded to me as though it was. It sounded as though it was something that you want to get over with as soon as possible. That the purpose isn’t actually sex with me but securing that I can’t be taken by Moriarty while still keeping me as a person rather than a living, breathing, life-size doll.”
John immediately leaned into the contact, wrapping an arm around his mate in turn, despite the somewhat awkward position given their bags.
It was Mycroft again, with a tone of command in his voice that John couldn’t remember him employing before, at least not like that, emphatic yet quiet but effective in its insistence. It certainly did the trick; for John, at least, it went straight down into the core of his inner soldier and tugged
“I’m not. Not when you’re as far away from me as you can possibly get while still technically on the same bed and yet you tell me you’re not uncomfortable being near me. It’s incredibly and annoyingly incongruous.”
It latched onto that, too; whispering, in a voice that was needle sharp and oblivion sweet, how much easier, how much better things would be if he just let go, let it take over and guide him as it had before. He didn’t need to think, didn’t need to worry. All he had to do was enjoy the silence, the peace of it as he had before.
Once free, however, he had no idea where he would go, or even if he could make it. If Sherlock wasn’t going to hunt him down and claim him anyway, the escape only meaning a delay in the inevitable.
So maybe John was right, and he was indeed projecting, though he would still say that the doctor was scared, too. Not that that negated his feeling scared, obviously, he wasn’t going to try and deny that.
That very experience said that they didn’t need to hurry, as such, but at the same time, that time was of the essence. Both of which tallied with John’s own experience with Moriarty.
It took a while before Sherlock noticed something was wrong, though not quite so long as John would’ve predicted it’d take, if anyone had asked him.
“There’s been reported cases of second pregnancies where the mother has been able to feel the quickening as early as 13 weeks.”
He’d have to hand it to the Beta woman, though. While she congratulated them on both their bond and their upcoming child – “I’m old, dears, not blind or anosmic” – and then went on to chatter about how she’d wanted kids when she was young, there was something in her eyes when she looked at him a few times over the course of the visit that clued John in she wasn’t quite as not-in-the-know as she and they both pretended but that she’d been more than fine with it.
“And I’ve hauled you off onto at least the sofa when I’ve found you because sooner or later, you are going to do irreparable damage to your body.”
? John wasn’t boring or uninteresting, he wasn’t that down about himself, but he was no genius, either, nothing to catch the attention of the Irishman. His appeal to Moriarty could only be through his connection with Sherlock, and even then, he’d miscalculated greatly if he thought that Sherlock would be hurt by this turn of events.
There was also the scent bond and the sense of home that the flat had seemed to emanate for him from the time he’d first set foot here.
In the calm, he could feel something that he hadn’t been able to distinguish since the clamour had started to surround him. Which in a way was both odd and silly, as he’d never really gone away since he’d first arrived and therefore, Sherlock should’ve been able to sense him all the time. On the other hand, such things were always good at crowding out the voice of reason, weren’t they? Especially in situations such as this.
There was no denying that his hands found it often enough and that it most definitely was something he caressed throughout the night. Not the only thing, of course, but it was certainly a favourite.
The fact that Sherlock had been acting a little peculiar, more so than what was within normal parameters for him, wasn’t one that had escaped John’s notice. That said, it had been difficult for him to gauge why exactly that was and even though he’d tried to subtly ask and even work out something from Sherlock’s at times nervous, even rattled, behaviour and expression, he had got no further.
They were given a general introduction by the heads of both the public and state school, who’d seized upon this as an opportunity to promote the idea that the only difference between the two schools was school colours, dontchaknow.
John spluttered. Or rather, he felt he ought to have spluttered. Instead, all he did was sigh, and pinch his nose. At this rate, he could have moulded his nasal region into a very distinguished roman nose.
“I…don’t know,” the elder Holmes admitted, the words sounding more than a little hard to get past his lips. “I would think we need all of them for the wounds but – “
It was foggy and hard to grasp at, as it, as far as he could recalled, had happened when he’d begun to resurface and reclaim control of his mind, never mind his body, but he had most definitely – it clicked. Or rather, it banged into him like the last domino in a set made of six feet iron slabs.
He got raised eyebrows for his trouble, in that particular ‘you have to be kidding me, Sherlock Holmes, or I swear I will – ‘ way of John. “You’re taking the piss, aren’t you? Even if you weren’t what you are, you would cherish that coat.”
Towards John – who didn’t bristle or otherwise took umbrage with the implications, and not because he merely wasn’t able to understand what was being said. He followed just fine…well, almost, there were some of the more colourful expressions from the driver that he wasn’t quite sure he understood, but on the whole, yeah.
With the windows as tall as they were – because there was such a thing as not doing things by half measures and why not have enormous windows in what was a palace wing when you could? – there should’ve been more. More detail, more, well, quite frankly, more dragon. There was a snout and its nostrils he ought to be able to see from another window. Even foregoing that, he should be able to see what was around the eye, scales and skin and such.
He paused as he closed his eyes for a moment; he needed to take a very brief dive into his Mind Palace for a bit of calm and reason, so that his feelings didn’t completely get the better of them. Whatever his previous incarnation, if you could put it like that, might say, he was glad to have them out there and functioning. However, that didn’t entail he’d allow them to take the reins entirely, not if he could help it.
Sherlock would have to admit he’d thought his ability to read his mate had been good at the time, all things considered. More than that, he’d assumed it’d be easier for him to do it now, with a better result, given that he knew the Omega, had got to know him since then.
“What, take one thing that doesn’t make a lot of sense, link it with something else that we don’t understand, and that makes it suddenly plausible?”
He turned the stare into a glare and tried to pull his head free. The hand tightened, fingers digging painfully into flesh – wait, hang on. That didn’t feel like the blunt edges of fingers or even nails. It felt more like the claws of a dog digging in, only sharper. Much sharper.
If nothing else, it would rise neither of them in her estimation and she might even outright be frightened of at least Sherlock or resent him forevermore for what he did.
He didn’t offer any greeting. In fact, he didn’t even so much as spare John a glance. The moment the door was open, his eyes focused on the shape of his brother lying prostrate on the sofa. Eyes flickered across the entirety of the body, undoubtedly taking in every detail there that he was not already aware of.
The words ‘you cannot know that it’s her, John, not for certain, not with residual traces like this’ were on the tip of his tongue but he swallowed them down almost vehemently.
That would be like relying on the criminal fraternity to produce crimes to rate only a seven or above for a fortnight or possibly only a week.
When he thought about it afterwards, he was oddly pleased he’d managed to accomplish that without the need for Sherlock’s scent gland. Not that he was scoffing at it or its effectiveness, it was merely nice to see calm was possible without, too.
Moriarty wouldn’t have. He had a demon on both shoulders, after all, and so there would be nothing to clash with the dragon and its desires. Either they would be entirely in agreement or they’d be in the kind of competition that only builds each other up further.
Fingers as long and bony as his brother’s reached out to touch but halted just before they made contact. Then they closed the distance, pressing into the pus in a gentle manner as they scooped some of it up. The fingers were then held up for closer visual inspection before they were sniffed at and pressed between the pads of the fingers, presumably to check for texture.
John tried not to be jittery in the meantime. To think about other things and not let the worry consume him, and for the most part, he succeeded.
Moriarty and the harem were connected to previously established work and while this technically was connected to the harem, too, it was different.
He repeated the question of whether they could help him but got no answer, only a blank stare that could have meant anything. Even that he hadn’t been heard, except the man’s head had clearly turned back towards him.
“I don’t know,” he said, answering the question that hadn’t quite been addressed to him. “I certainly didn’t win the pools or something. If it’s a scam, which is at least a possibility, why pick my account? Why go for that amount? It’s too large to be a viable test amount but too small to have any kind of real value if whoever’s responsible is going for it, either as a scam or a laundering scheme. But that leaves very little else that is feasible.”
“Do you think he will?” he asked. It would hardly assist his endeavour, but it was a thought he couldn’t help voicing.
“I wouldn’t expect you to believe me straight away, no questions asked,” he said, sounding as though he meant it.
“I swear, I’ve wanted to punch that man more than once throughout all of this,” he confessed in a low voice as they made their way quickly to what they had surmised was the child’s bedroom, as Sherlock had waited for John to return before. “And it has nothing at all to do with the fact that he’s been…well. What a wet rag.”
When John finished recounting what had happened when the Alpha had been, he was shaking. Not hard, not like he had when they’d been discussing the paper Mycroft had gotten. Just a small, barely visible one that could speak for sheer exhaustion as well as being unsettled yet again by what had occurred but more so by the implications of it.
They became independent while you would always be theirs, your heart in their pockets or wherever else they have tossed it without a care or a second thought.
John seemed to realise it, too, and pulled away. Not far, though, and he rested their foreheads together, looking into pale eyes.
“You don’t realise, do you? Of course, you don’t. I mean, he’s only one of the most famous fictional bears in the world, why would you know him?”
He had to be sure, needed to be – but what had they decided on before Sherlock had taken his tour into his own mind? That he would shift, just that one small part of him, to prove both that he could shift again without risk and that he was enough in the driving seat to keep it at that small, tightly controlled area until he willed it away again.
Which was probably a completely idiotic thing to do but at this point, John couldn’t bear to think of any more worries, especially not when they crisscrossed and contradicted one another.
The claws on his hands, or possibly only a claw on a single finger; something which wasn’t a big thing and which they could both keep an eye on while it happened. Of course, John needed to keep an eye on two things at the same time, but the point remained.
He hadn’t asked where the paper had come from or whether it was legitimate; Mycroft wouldn’t use anything he hadn’t had verified. Furthermore, John knew he had his ways, his channels and getting upset about how he acquired information was rather to bang your head against the wall, the doctor had already learned. He had no problem being stubborn when he needed to, but it was a case of picking your battles and this wasn’t one he had much interest in fighting, now or later.
“I’m not John!” the shorter man shouted, as though he’d read his thoughts. Being a construct of his mind, a representation of a real person inside Sherlock’s brain, like he was, in a far more concrete way, if such a phrase could be used, than the dragon ever would be, that was entirely possible. “I’m just a figment, remember? I can’t be hurt, not unless you are. Now bloody well get on with it! You’ve got it, don’t waste it! Go!”
John didn’t try to tug him down, however. It felt more like he was trying to anchor himself somehow, which the brunet certainly didn’t mind.
“Not if that means there’ll be even the faintest indication or even implication that I’ve been unfaithful to you,” he said, his face and tone serious, which was in truth also at least partially to cover up the small stream of panic that was bubbling up inside of him, pushing at his thoughts.
“Sherlock, if Moriarty’s going to come after us, then I want to know,” John snapped, annoyed by the vagueness. “I don’t want to be left on the side-lines because you deem it too dangerous – for all you know the side-lines might be just as dangerous!”
However, he realised even as he thought it that he was…well, that was part of what he’d signed up for by becoming Sherlock’s bond mate. It just went with the territory, like John’s lack of any proper scent. Or his temper.
Another message came through, with the promised picture. Sherlock had to admit, it did look quite spectacular, and made mental notes to try and recreate that for himself.
And if he was to be utterly, uncompromisingly honest, which people very rarely are unless they have absolutely no other choice, it might’ve been earlier that day that applied to.
But John wouldn’t thank him for keeping such information from him. He’d be far more likely to be pissed off at what he saw as prejudice and condescension and would ignore the day he’d had and how much it would take out of him to go.
He did seem to genuinely listen to what his brother was saying, however, something which was rather a novelty in its own right. Whether it was a good sign or more a worrying one wasn’t entirely clear.
Not that it was John’s idea of an ideal Alpha but the blueprint that decorated so many Mills & Boons novels and featured in so many romantic movies, he most certainly fitted the bill.
John had ended up sitting on the windowsill, his ankles still gripped by Sherlock but as the man had moved closer, it would almost, to an outsider, look as though the blond was about to slip his legs around the waist of the other.
“Alright, so there is a significance to why I took that particular watch, apart from it being yours, and there’s one to the timing of it. What is that significance?”
There could have been challenge in those words and once upon a time not that long ago, there might’ve been, even between them. What there was instead was apology and just a hint of shame.
The point was that he could no longer…or if he could, he did not want to, which was a valid point, too, or so he believed.
Keeping an eye on them in some fashion was something he was not only bound to do in the future, if he wasn’t stopped before that, but something he had done for a long time before now. The pool hadn’t been accidental, after all. Whether he’d had designs on John from the start as well or that had been an opportunity too good to miss when Sherlock had started to show…
Sherlock hadn’t realised it, caught up in the minutia of something so familiar and, in its own way, very comforting, but they had gotten close enough again to be almost nose to nose, and it wasn’t only the blond that had moved.
about it before so why on earth start now? It wasn’t even as though it was admitting to having spied on John in the shower or something – which he hadn’t! He couldn’t help that the door from his bedroom to the bathroom had frosted glass rather than wood all the way, could he? Or that the frosting was rather…inefficient as far as obscuring the view went?
Even though he’d surfaced, it was not enough to consider the risk he ran by angering the Irishman further, with both the explosives and the significant red dots still moving about on their persons. He couldn’t seem to think further right then, not aided by the fact that he actually had John close like this, with intention and for more than a second or two, for the first time.
“Hello, sir, can I help you?” one asked. Not immediately he came in, which he appreciated. He had no wish to be pounced on the minute he stepped through the door to then be almost dragged around, inundated with suggestions and ‘help’.
Has this been too much back-n-forth? Dunno, not sure I can muster a care right now, I'm so tired. It's been a lot to write in a short time but I could've started this in better time before Christmas...or learn being brief...
He did, though, didn’t he? Book it or attempt to. The coat had been discarded in the bedroom and there were a few other things, including the smell of the doctor somewhere he’d rarely if ever been long enough to leave distinct marks, that gave clear clues he’d been treating Sherlock in his own bed and yet, when Sherlock had resurfaced, John had been trying to get out through the window, the brunet’s hands gripping his ankles to prevent him from doing so.
He thought he heard a noise come from the dragon as his foot made impact but whether it was one of pain or merely surprise, he couldn’t say. It wouldn’t have mattered, either, if not for the fact that despite his best effort, his ankle was not let go of. The grip didn’t even loosen.
Sherlock got out of the car and John clambered after him, still not quite used to having to manoeuvre with the extra weight and shape in front of him, at least not when it came to something like a car.
Instead, the person in the door opening was taller, broader, more muscled and overall exuded pure ‘Alpha’ in all the ways that James Moriarty did not. All that he needed to complete the look was clothes that clung in all the right places, as it were, and perhaps some deliberate stubble to add that alluringly rugged look.
John stared at him at that, blinked a few times and then shook his head. “Not sure I’m ever going to get used to you mentioning that kind of…but you’re right. You’re very much right.”
I don’t have to, just like I know you wouldn’t demand me to. But I shouldn’t have made a comment like I did just before, not without qualifying it. Neither of them, really, come to think of it. He just…”
Sherlock didn’t think he was likely to call the proper police in case he did wonder about it and get suspicious, mind. Not when he was obviously scared that he would be found out.
They couldn’t afford for him to. Dosing might take longer and even longer than that to get the rest that he, that they needed for him to get in order to…proceed, but it would be far safer for him.
As the weeks went by, flying by, almost, he couldn’t help the growing feel of impending dread that had settled in the pit of his stomach, however. It was as though the closer they got, the better and happier a time they had at it, the more certain the inevitable crash of the tidal wave as it hit his shore and swept him along and down with it seemed to be.
“Irrelevant. It can dissolve into the wounds because it has been treated, not unlike the methods previously used to treat rheumatoid arthritis. For one thing, it has similar anti-inflammatory qualities, which I think you’ll grant is rather relevant in the circumstances.”
It wasn’t his old military-issued gun, of course, but it was still a weapon that he knew how to use.
to mend it because Sherlock was, or at least so it seemed, back with them, as his own person rather than just a part of a greater yet baser creature, which in turn meant that he could be persuaded that John shouldn’t be a possession.
That was one thing. The thing that surprised the brunet was something else, however, even though he knew it ought not surprise him.
Should he bring the gun? Sherlock had said it wasn’t a case and there had been nothing hurried or urgent about his phrasing or his writing. At the same time, the younger Holmes had a knack for getting himself into trouble in the time it took other people to sip their tea.
“I – yes?” Despite his words, John didn’t seem entirely surprised that he needed it confirmed nor too put out over it.
Thankfully for Sherlock, it seemed that Mycroft was willing to play along with the suggestion he sent, as there were no more interventions or attempts to supersede him as the one to do the actual proposal.
While immobile, he instinctively listened for any sound coming from the closed bedroom. He thought he heard something, a crash and some sort of growl or snarl but he wasn’t sure. He frowned.
Sherlock had been something of a rock in all of this. Much more of one than John would’ve expected, if he was being honest with himself, much as that pained him to admit, even to himself, because he shouldn’t be judging his mate like that, especially not when he really didn’t know too much about him.
Thank you so much to everyone who's still reading and who's leaving me feedback, too, you keep this going and are such sweet people <3
A high-pitched noise that sounded like a suppressed and cut-off scream erupted what seemed like a split second later from where the woman sat.
He got up from where he’d been sitting, in front of the microscope in the kitchen, and went over to a drawer. Not the one where the rest of the knives lay but then again, would John really have expected that? To be honest, he probably would’ve been more surprised had it been stashed in some place sensible.
That wasn’t quite what he’d meant to say, but as the doctor smiled, he couldn’t find it in himself to complain, not out loud. “Think I know what you mean. Thank you, love.”
As it did, he could feel it, its influence stronger now that it was no longer restrained and further amplified by the mental taxation both the confrontation with the dragon and keeping the control within his grasp had caused, which left him with far less mental surplus to push it out.
Oh, no that wasn’t necessary. Not at all, the Beta hastily reassured him. He was just glad that they had come to help and so quickly, too.
However, that wasn’t entirely true. In fact, Sherlock had noticed that he’d altered and changed his behaviour to please John more often than he would’ve thought he would for somebody else.
Then Moriarty let go of John’s jaw, trailing a little blood from the puncture wounds, and took a few but long steps backwards, spreading out his arms as he did so.
But he’d worked out why the emotion no longer applied, either, and he…that didn’t apply with the fear. Not when he still believed the reason for the fear.
John has his first brush with the outside world all on his own. It's a...new experience, to say the least.
With each word, he moved closer still. By the time he almost touched John’s face, the maw opened, and a tongue snaked out. The doctor tried to pull away but was prevented by the bonds and the chair which, while comfortable, was unfortunately also unmovable. So, instead, to do something, he turned his head.
But even so, as he sat his partner down on the closed toilet lid so he could reach with relative ease, it felt different now. Not wrong but somehow ever so slightly charged. Intimate in a way it had never been before.
‘I’m free on Monday, if that works for you? And I’m thinking it’s better I bring my guitar than you have got to take the violin. Unless you feel a particular urge to mingle with the peasant mob for an extended period, of course ;).’
After another moment to pull himself together, John continued, “You’ve got the region right. We stayed in Nantes when…when she was born. When she was conceived, too. I…I can’t remember…but yeah, the time fits, too. What else does the paper say?”
Nor could Sherlock, Alpha or not, nor could anyone else. The best they could do was try not to be in the path of the bullet.
Moriarty got them into this mess, thank you very much, not him. That was quite the important distinction, he felt.
It sneered, laughingly, as though it had exposed the fatal flaw in his logic. Beneath it, barely detectable but nevertheless there was a vibrato that said otherwise, if you cared to listen. Sherlock very much cared to listen, though he hardly needed to.
John smiled and laid his head on a bony shoulder, changing hands and slipping one arm around the other’s waist. “Mmh. Lucky. That’s the one. Guess it’s just my lucky night all around, then, innit?”
A car was parked in front of the building, a suspiciously inconspicuous one, and when he made it up the stairs, he had confirmation of his suspicion; they had a visitor. A visitor Sherlock would always rather see the back of.
Before he had much of a chance to properly explore Sherlock’s mouth, with no tiredness or worry getting in the way, though, much less any other part of him, the brunet pulled back. It helped a little that he seemed reluctant and went back for a quick peck before pulling away properly.
Instead, he said, “And I will not have you open and vulnerable to anything that Moriarty might attempt on the way.”
At the mention of others, something seemed to break within the Beta, despite Sherlock’s attempts to keep things calm and relatively controlled.
Those two he’d been going over, finding several points that he made sure that he saved to his hard drive.
John opened his mouth, presumably to argue, but closed it again immediately, his jaw working just slightly.
He did still have a scent, of course, faint as it was, but to the average nose, before he’d bonded with Sherlock, it’d been as good as non-existent. It still wasn’t strong or easily smelled, but it had risen enough that it could be detected at close range, as evidenced earlier by Miles.
Nerves that would disappear when it came down to it as though they had never existed in the first place.
For a moment, Sherlock looked as though he was going to argue but it melted away almost immediately.
To illustrate his point, he raised the hand that John had let go of and rested it against the side of the doctor’s neck, close to where it became jaw. It wasn’t close to anything sexual, other than that anywhere could be sexual if you wanted it to be. It was just a nice, warm place to have his hand and hopefully it would show what he wanted to get across.
If he was being honest with himself, he would have to admit that it wasn’t actually all that long ago.
“Morning, love,” the blond said and that was another good sign, the endearment. That particular endearment especially, but any endearment would do as a positive sign, honestly.
But, heart breaking though it was to admit, it wasn’t her face that stood out the clearest from the scant hour he’d had with her before they had, forcibly – that gave him the smallest of comfort, to know the pain he’d inflicted on them, but it was a comfort cold to the point of frigidity – taken her from him. She was there and she was beautiful but there was no description he could give that would distinguish her far enough from so many other babies, not to anyone else.
As he took a few steps up the stairs, or tried to, he felt a hand grab his arm and pull at it to presumably halt him.
He didn’t immediately realise he’d dropped the bibs and was clutching the dress in his hands as though he could will her to come back him through that alone. Nor that he’d pressed the fabric up to his nose and was inhaling. When he did, he found it had to stop doing it. Tremendously so.
“They are,” he confirmed, his tone reassuring without being patronisingly sweet, something which, after that initial meeting, John had always appreciated about the elder Holmes.
“John, you forgot your guitar,” the brunet pointed out, it not occurring to him until now. That guitar was important to the other teen, the wear on it consistent, concentrated and relatively gentle enough to tell that it’d only had the one owner who’d taken as much care of it as possibly. He couldn’t just leave it back there.
Stalking his prey? But dragons weren’t exactly the type of shape suited for stealth. Of course, they would be far more capable of that when in human form but even so, their mindset didn’t seem right for that, either. Then again, Sherlock wasn’t normal for a human being, it’d somehow make sense that he’d employ behaviour not typical of dragons, either.
Sherlock couldn’t help but wish for the presence of his figment John again, as a help and anchor inside his mind. It was only for a moment, though, as he knew why he wasn’t there.
“You try it on with every female that comes into your orbit that you find even remotely attractive almost immediately.”
As the dragon realised what had just occurred, its gaze shifted to them, swiftly and threateningly, the teeth bared in a snarl.
He’d been about to mention it- in actual point of fact, he’d been about to shout it at the Alpha when it had happened again – when he’d seen Sherlock’s expression and it had hit him, hard.
If he wasn’t alright, then he would rescue him. That was what he did. Well, part of it. If he was alright and just pulling some kind of stunt, then…
“Is it…” John started then hesitated, glancing down before he looked back up at the other teen. “Would you…would you rather that I don’t? Touch, I mean.”
A hand grabbed his jaw, thumb somehow managing to dig into one of his temporomandibular joints, which snapped his eyes open immediately.
In particular, to watch the scales slide back underneath the skin rather than just disappearing was simultaneously both a fascinating and slightly unsettling experience. Not that watching the claw retract was much better, the look of it like the reverse of having a nailed pulled out, in slow motion.
“Doctor Watson,” he acknowledged. “A pleasure to see you again. I hope you’ll forgive the intrusion. I did bring something.” He held up a bag that oozed, quite unusually, class rather than mere expenditure.
Thirdly, undoubtedly at least partially the result of the change in teachers, the school play had been changed. Miss Wilkins couldn’t manage the whole menagerie as she normally did and so, she’d decided to make it into more of a sort of showcase of talents, combining music with English.
His voice had risen to a shout by then. Mycroft opened his mouth, presumably to shout back, but at that point, Sherlock’s constant keen rose in volume. One arm swung out, wobbly and without direction, its hand blindly seeking something. When it managed to locate John’s wrist, more by accident than design, it seemed, it gripped it in a vice-like grip and refused to let go, despite the angle and the obvious unconsciousness of its owner.
Not because war excused anything and everything, whatever war criminals and others might claim, and you should, as far as possible, endeavour not to kill anyone. But it was a vastly different situation to a ‘normal’ life, and you did have to be able to do so should the situation call for it.
But what if he couldn’t control himself? That those thought would begin to seep in despite all his efforts and take root? How could he defend not cutting ties and making sure that John was safe, from him, before it sidled in and it was too late?
Despite all of that, the Omega could feel the excitement, the hopeful anticipation and the longing sitting like a bite of something light but too warm that you swallowed just a little too quickly in the pit of his stomach, along with the fear and anxiety over what and who they would find once they got there.
It wasn’t as though this was news. He’d known that this was how it worked between in all the time they’d lived together, so why he was suddenly getting worked up about it? It surely couldn’t be just because of the watch, and nothing else had occurred to offset it.
The moment he slipped onto one knee, however, there really was no going back. Sherlock knew what it meant, and John most definitely knew what it meant. It was quite the widely recognised and understood symbolism.
“Not only in the current circumstances?” John asked, slightly confused as he took the passport from the long, thin fingers. Good grief, when had he last held a passport? One that was his, anyway. He honestly couldn’t remember but it must’ve been at least while he was stationed. “When else do you foresee me using this?”
As things stood, there was one thing that fell through, though, and it was one of if not the most crucial part of his plan. There was no way to salvage it, either, at least not in time, and it only rubbed salt in the wound to know that the fire didn’t even have the decency to be an arson case of any kind.
It didn’t immediately speak, however, just regarded them with that piercing, hypnotic gaze as it drew a little nearer.
Ruby has woken up from her coma and John and Sherlock go visit her. To see what state the drug-induced coma has left her in.
A shiver ran down his spine. It wasn’t only Moriarty they were in danger from, either nor was it just the small family they were building here at Baker Street that was in danger.
While looking at it, he also kept an eye on what kind of reaction it would produce in Sherlock. Though he was prepared for a spasm or even a stronger reaction, which wouldn’t be ideal, and he would need to stem somehow, he would, to be honest, rather have that kind of reaction than none at all.
Sherlock blinked and eventually managed to focus on the other teen, who’d somehow shifted to be kneeling in front of Sherlock without the brunet noticing.
In his throat and in his chest, refusing to move. But they had to move because he needed to tell John. Needed to – to –
He would simply have to acknowledge and live with the fact that he was jealous. Had been jealous of John.
He realised he’d zoned out a bit when he blinked again and Sherlock’s worried face came back into focus, distractingly close.
It wasn’t done slowly or with any kind of finesse. It wasn’t for Sherlock’s benefit at all, just as efficient a way of taking off his clothes as he could do, and part of the brunet found himself rather cheated at being robbed of the opportunity to see it slowly revealed.
He reached out his free hand to touch John’s skin. Before his hand made contact, he hesitated and the doctor watched him, prepared to pack it in, as it were, if that was what was needed. His cock protested but he ignored it.
Right. If it could manage that, without much other input from him than having to keep a constant hold of the rope, then…well, surely, even if they were expecting it…it might not be a hundred percent effective but was he really going to allow that to stop him?
It was tempting to close his eyes, but he fought the urge and kept his eyes on John, who after a moment or two looked up as well.
‘What kind of mysteries? I’m guessing you don’t mean who stole the spotted dick from the dinner ladies or what caused all the toilets to flush at once?’
It would just figure that in his pursuit to save one of his children, he ended up causing his two other children harm. That was supposed to be something that resulted in a screaming match about favouritism and how much he sucked as a father when they were all in their teens.
But that was exactly what he was doing! Tessa was their child, too, and she needed protection. Everyone was fighting over her, in a sense, and she had nobody on her side right now. Nobody but Sherlock.
The issue, of course, was that it took two to tango, as it were, and Sherlock hadn’t shown interest in anyone, including John, and that…well, that was fine, too.
Despite her reassurances, he decided to alter the plan somewhat so that he wouldn’t have to rely on what she made. Or rather, he made an alternative plan.
Though his inner thoughts had accused him of just that, they hadn’t been merely a means to a convenient end for him, nor did he think himself free of responsibility now that they were all out. Quite the opposite, and he’d had more than one stab of guilt since they’d gotten out.
The blond solved that by tilting his head as he continued to look up at the brunet, still with the half-grin intact.
He thought he saw someone looking out of a window at them, but they were gone the minute he looked closer. Out of the corner of his eye, mind, he wasn’t as dumb as to turn his head in a way that was noticeable.
things, the reality of their life together, not some romantic pipe dream, was almost more touching than the declaration of love.
Most of him, however, was more occupied with working out why he’d let go in the first place and what that entailed.
Just take the passport, for one. They could’ve thought about it, and they might have, too. Certainly, they should have, but John hadn’t because he’d been travelling technically illegally for so long that he no longer thought about it. Papers wasn’t something he dealt with, not for himself and not in the sense of actually needing to handle them.
Such as move faster. It might be that the foot was tied down, securely and immovable, and the bottom half of the leg as well. Possibly it had spread even more by this point. He would hope so and expect so. But even so, there was a whole lot of body to the dragon, including the neck itself, and that wasn’t even mentioning its flexibility. It was still capable of moving the neck, stretching out and possibly reach him.
Some of you might feel I am doing this to justify John wanting to take her back but I hope I give alright explanation as to why it might be this way. I don't know at this point, nor much else, but we will get an end to this thing, this monster, one way or another.
John blinked. Then swallowed. Sherlock had a point, one that he’d more than proved by this point. What had wanted to claim John wasn’t Sherlock but the dragon, and he had learned, even if he had been standing on the side lines for one of the most important parts. the two were entirely different beings that just happened to have to inhabit the same body.
With John, in both forms, here with him, lending him the support that had been his since the start and the love that he was starting to recognise for what it was, in a way that was concrete in a way it had never quite been before, it felt…not exactly easy. No, that would be entirely untrue to say.
“Unknown variables always run the potential risk of upsetting and ruining the planned experiment,” Sherlock finished for him.
“They’re fine,” John said, guessing at Sherlock’s thoughts. Probably they were painted starkly across his features, too. “I promise you, they’re fine.”
When you weren’t blessed with a Mind Palace, if you could call it that, then you had to find other ways of remembering things clearly.
They stayed like that for a while, coming down a little from everything and enjoying the closeness. Then, feeling his stomach grumbling and his bladder starting to complain, John shifted off the dragon’s lap, or at least, he tried to. Sherlock stopped him, his grip tightening. “Hey, let me up.”
That caused a small shiver in Sherlock, one which gave birth to a stronger one when John continued to speak.
“I chose you, alright? And I’d choose you again if we got to do it over.” Not that he would ever want to do it over again, of course.
It ought to have been twisted into raw rage, or some other intense expression of anger. Something that would correspond to the expression in his eyes.
mind, Sherlock Holmes, and while he had been ready in his younger years to allow the drugs to consume him, for reasons that were quite different, he wasn’t going to allow this part of him be his master now. He was the master, he rode the dragon and held the reins, not vice versa. Not now nor ever again. He would make certain of that, one way or the other. He would.
That it had been placed there so carefully rather ruled out accidental droppage. A thought which was born out when he got closer and saw it was, in fact, an envelope, carefully sealed and placed in the middle of the bed.
“Well…yeah. Still doesn’t alter the fact that it’s ludicrous for it to have moved, physically moved instead of the babies inside moving, which is far too early by…”
“I took this,” he continued, keeping the eye contact that hadn’t faltered, “not, as you’re assuming, because I’m a dragon and I cannot help myself. If that was the case, you wouldn’t be able to move for things in the building, quite apart from the flat. Whatever a dragon ends up collecting, most tend to be somewhat selective, but few are really that discriminatory over time.”
Exceedingly and not because of that.” He smiled warmly. “Thank you, love, for going through all of this for me. You didn’t have to – “
It didn’t take him very long to find the two sheets of paper he was looking for and he pulled it out with efficiency rather than a flourish.
“Then, just as I think this is all because you’ve got ‘the right way’ to have a first anniversary all mixed up or haven’t had the first clue and is all at sea…that you’ve found a way to say it without having to be there yourself because you’ve got scared of it all halfway through, you send me all the way up here and greet me with…well, all this.”
“Touché. I promise you that no slight was intended. I merely meant that there is a lot of things here to sort and consider, far too much at once for anyone, and I can only commend you for all that you have done, for yourself and for my brother.”
Maybe it was only him that would be able to scent it on the clothing, it being too faint and too old for others but that didn’t matter. He knew it was hers. Could only ever be hers.
It was his coat. Or rather, it was what was left of it, lying in tatters on the floor on the other side of the bed.
Sherlock held true to his word; he called up a clinic, one that was getting good feedback online, apparently, to book an appointment for a sonogram almost that very same day he’d mentioned it. Unfortunately, the clinic claimed they were fully booked and couldn’t make an appointment with them until at least a week later.
And he wasn’t! Otherwise, they would hardly be in this situation, would they? If only he had thought! That was the – he should have
At that, a flickering and translucent to the point of almost indistinct but at the same time worryingly familiar shape rose behind Mycroft. Thankfully, it faded again almost as quickly as it had appeared, and John let out a breath he hadn’t been consciously aware that he’d held.
Looking about him, he tried to feel out where the different parts, grown and bloomed as they had in the time between his last conscious visit here and now, of his feelings towards John were placed.
“…Fair enough, I suppose. Apropos telling you of things – do I need to take what I’ve bought out of the bag, or do you want to admit you’ve deduced it just from the bag or the way I’ve been gripping it or whatever?” He paused as something occurred to him. “Bloody hell, you’re going to be a right nightmare buying presents for, aren’t you?”
No! He was not going to think about that, come what may, and especially not at this junction. He was supposed to be there for – for his family. They needed him, just as much as they had needed him earlier when Moriarty had been alive. It was merely that the need had shifted and so should he.
For any artist or creator, there is a distinct risk, if not outright certainty, that time will lessen your opinion of your own work, to the point where all you can see are the faults and other issues, leaving you to utterly despise what you’ve made, unable to comprehend how you could ever have liked that piece to begin with, let alone thought it good.
John’s voice had risen to almost a shout at that point and his face had taken on that particular expression he used when he was angry but also couldn’t believe he was having this argument.
“That claiming someone as part of a courtship ritual has to do with the dragon only in the sense that the way it’s performed correlates with dragon behaviour. Well, almost only.”
He had…oh, fuck off, you miserable hybrid of a bat and a worm, it’s not intimidating to have you hiss or roar outside…what had he done? There must be – oh.
“I... I’m sorry about that. It was prejudiced and well, yeah, I was angry, but I…I really shouldn’t have – “
Getting Sherlock to eat was almost unprecedently easy, which didn’t exactly assuage his worries but even though the brunet seemed to be watching him, he didn’t mention it. Right now, the important thing was to take care of his immediate needs and then he’d deal with the rest.
He decided to interfere, then, by calling her name and, when she turned to him with that same attentive frown, he held out his hand to her. Not that he expected her or even wanted her to take it, mind. It was for the gesture and nothing else.
With that, and ignoring Sherlock’s mocking expression, Mycroft reached over and down, to a small hook on the side. There hung a rather unassuming bag. So unassuming, in fact, that it reeked of not just money, but at least a little bit of class.
Not fear of John himself but fear of how John would react to his dragon nature. One might think that should’ve melted or otherwise disintegrated already, considering, but then…there were still a fear that once he learned everything, then…
“I wasn’t suggesting that either, now was I?” John interrupted, just a little bit sharply. “Not talking about it to me isn’t the same as burying it altogether, now is it? You can keep it to yourself and discuss it in your mind until you’ve constructed several different versions all with their own drawer. Or you can talk to Mycroft, instead, see what he says. If that’s what helps, then by all means.”
If the girl noticed, she didn’t say or otherwise give any indication that she had. Instead, she nodded in understanding and smiled back, in the easy, yet entirely beam that so many adults lose along the way. Then she turned back to look at the two so-called guests.
“I can when it mirrors my own. Not now, no, I am perfectly aware of that. But the fear about the instincts, including possessiveness, speaking for you, possibly without your conscious knowledge? I do know that one, quite well, too. Certainly enough to be able to spot in your face.”
If John could be a support, a rock for an entire harem of people, then he would be bloody well damned if he wouldn’t be one for the man that he loved.
His expression as he stared at the other conveyed a deep sense of ‘what the hell was that for?’ which deepened when he got a smile for his trouble, slightly enhanced by the twisting of his neck to look at Sherlock.
“Sorry, but you can’t just dump the knowledge that a mythical being not just exists but happens to be my best friend and now expect me to at least ask some questions.”
He thought he recognised the tread but right now, he couldn’t be sure and could not afford to be wrong on the issue. Not when it wasn’t merely him in danger.
And he hadn’t been that close to someone since his youth, not really, and he certainly had never been this close emotionally to anyone else as he had John, that was for certain.
It wouldn’t be the first time John would’ve had to shave someone else. Hell, it wouldn’t even be the first time he’d shaved Sherlock, seeing as the git more than once had done something to his arm or wrist or hand that would render him incapable of shaving himself and there were standards to maintain. Said the man who didn’t think twice about walking around in threadbare clothes when at home.
The dragon stopped abruptly, thrown by the beam spreading across his features. It was clear it’d not paid attention to what was going on around it, too caught up in the arrogance and confidence of its triumph. Its presumed impending triumph, that was.
That he had taken the time to write a letter like this would seem to preclude the first but John had learned over his time with the detective not to take too much for granted. A few things he still did, possibly to his detriment, but on most things, he’d learned some degree of flexibility.
You really are still all very kind to me and I can't thank you enough. It means such a lot to me and helps convince myself to carry on with it. Sorry you had to be so patient. :(
“He’s a halfway clever little sod, isn’t he?” came a voice from behind them. “Then again, what would be the fun in a pet for you without at least a modicum of brain, eh, Sherlock?”
“You’re in your second trimester,” the Alpha commented, as if to voice what John had been thinking. Then again, it was hardly a grand leap to make.
That wasn’t to say that he was always afraid of triggering a reaction, only that it was one step at a time right now.
While they kissed, he reached out to touch the shoulder not on the mattress, pushing at it gently but firmly until the body started to tip over onto its back. He followed it, still kissing that soft, gorgeous mouth, and ended up, deliberately, hovering just above the longer body.
How was he – did John not want Tessa back after all? But that was all that he’d…well, not all that he had talked about, there was no need for added hyperbole, but it had been such a crucial part of him for so long. They had fought for this, in so many ways. John had
What? Got what under control? The drugs? But Sherlock hadn’t been using in…and at any rate, that didn’t fit at all with the last sentence. Mycroft wasn’t on drugs. Addicted to sugar, maybe, and that was mainly if you trusted Sherlock’s accusations. Power, too, in that eminence grís sense that he preferred.
And if the fact that Sherlock didn’t remotely mind that he was doing something so…plebian, really, despite all the statistics and other facts about marriage and divorce and so on didn’t tell you just about all you needed to know about this…
“I’ll kill you,” he stated, his voice as suddenly deceptively calm as his face as he looked Moriarty in the eye, then shifted his gaze just slightly so that he wouldn’t fall back under the same spell, should the Irishman attempt it.
And at least, it wasn’t just a knife left to rattle around with the rest of the stuff in the miscellaneous drawer. Well, it was, but it had some protection in the form of what, he could see when it was handed to him, was a sheath of sturdiness and quality, as well as openable with ease.
The mask that had been in place since they’d entered the building, at least mainly, had slipped off his face, though, which Sherlock considered a good thing in the situation.
I meant to talk to you about that but then everything else happened. I was panicking, I admit that, but I wasn’t panicking for the reason you thought then and seem to still believe, at least a little. I was panicking, partly out of shock given the messenger and the unexpectedness of it, but mainly because I knew I’m not good father material. I’m not,” he repeated, looking at the blond’s expression. “But I’ll try my very damnedest to mitigate that with everything I have because I want this, and them, all of them, and you. Very badly so.”
At least, not before he’d gotten hold of John and the dragon sought to keep others away from its treasure. He’d seen how the bric-a-brac that’d been brought home had been handled, after all, and he guessed it would be the same fate for him. Even Billy wasn’t ever manhandled.
She wasn’t sitting up, as such, but the bed had had its head-section elevated to the same effect and it was clear that she was, indeed, awake; her eyes flickered towards them as they stopped, and there was recognition in them, even if it did take an agonising moment to appear. The ghost of a smile flickered across her lips.
“Obviously, there is a significance to the bone dust. It’s the bones of a dragon that’s been ground down and then used to coat the bullet.”
Sherlock shook his head again. “No. Not beyond the fact that you talking dirty – “ and wasn’t that something he wouldn’t have thought would come out of Sherlock’s mouth, and certainly not in relation to John – “apparently have a significantly more pronounced effect on me than I would’ve anticipated.”
Wouldn’t he have done the exact thing, asked the same question and made the same assumption if the situation had been reversed? He wouldn’t even have thought twice about it.
Then the pupils narrowed to thin slits and the claw turned swiftly to drag down the column of his throat, hard enough to for the skin to break and blood to seep out. Not deep enough to cause damage to the trachea or the oesophagus, thankfully, though, as you really wouldn’t be uncertain of that if it occurred. Still, it was quite the shock for him.
John was disbelieving of the accommodating nature, not of the nurse but of the doctor, in the circumstances.
“I do,” John said, and his voice was quiet but tight, as though it had taken effort to get it out but was a relief once it was. “I do.”
,” Moriarty hissed, seeming to understand him despite the gag’s muffling, and there was nothing endearing about the nickname. It felt more like a value judgement, and the judging wasn’t favourable. “Whether you want to or not, you will.”
After that, he’d mostly stayed away from physical interactions of the sort. Not entirely but enough so that he felt as though he was kissing someone – a peck on the lips didn’t really count in that context – for the very first time.
He got a frown for his troubles, of the kind that said John had little idea what he was talking about, but he didn’t much like what he thought he understood.
John pursed his lips again at that though for an evidently far different reason. “Maybe but then, probably not. I’m…thank you for trying to counter but you don’t have to agree to everything I say or give way on every issue to keep the peace. Externally, at any rate, I don’t know whether you need to in order to internally keep the leash on...”
“What you’re saying is that once again, I shouldn’t apply puny human conditions to the might of dragons, is that it?”
That he had cared and still did care about John and their time together. Enough to remember such things.
First off, he hadn’t been relentless, or even close to it. Keen, perhaps, but that was about it. And why wouldn’t he be okay with that? If someone had told him two years ago that he would find a person that would infuriate and confound him on a very regular basis and yet be the most fascinating, brilliant and exciting person John had ever and would likely ever meet, then he’d have been thrilled.
Why else would you claim someone? No, that was the wrong way to go about it, wasn’t it? The question to that and similar ones would all boil down to roughly the same answer, which was the one he was told it wasn’t.
“You think I only stole you because you’re worth something to dear little Sherlock,” Moriarty said. “That the only interest you could possibly generate would be through your connection with him, at least aside from when it comes to the sexual conquests. That you’re safely boring on your own.”
The pause was small but there. It didn’t seem born out of reluctance, though. “...Of course. I’ll get you a pass out to see them as soon as it is possible. In the meantime, I’m afraid you will have to take my word for it. They are protected to the very best ability, from both Moriarty and the owners.”
The thought that there would be an explanation for that, a perfectly reasonable, understandable explanation, crashed headlong into the earlier thought and birthed the notion that the explanation might just be that he’d tried to extract himself from the friendship early, so that he didn’t have to be confronted with the taller teen in person.
. It didn’t seem to compute in the same way that he was Sherlock’s older brother and therefore, in actual point of fact, another dragon, with all that that entailed.
Yes! Yes, it would! Either choice is hell but whatever the end is going to be, I’m not going to let him overpower me like this without a fight, regardless of what powers he happens to possess. It might be for naught but that doesn’t make the battle pointless.
, with only a husk left behind. And even when I think I’ve got things under control, that I’m the one in charge, I still manage to…to…I’ll be better, I promise. I know I don’t know anything about relationships, not when it comes to actually experiencing them, but I’ll do…I’ll…anything that…”
He looked at the thing, almost unable to believe that it was there. Or perhaps more accurately, that it was still in one piece and that he still felt about it as he did. Not only in terms of the dragon and its instincts, either.
“You do realise how many Alphas I’ve had to deal with, yeah? Not just in the military or the harem.” It was framed as a question but not an accusation or a dismissal of Sherlock’s findings, which was oddly comforting.
That thought sent a frozen lump into the pit of his stomach. No. He wouldn’t – that wasn’t his intention. That had never been his intention. Not now nor when Tessa came home or when the twins were born. He would protect John from every possible thing that he could, without question or hesitation, if that was necessary, as John was more than capable of looking after himself as well. But that didn’t entail shielding him from the world.
The Omega had argued that that was hardly needed, given that there was such a bleeding great difference, his words, that it couldn’t even be compared and that there therefore was no risk whatsoever that he’d confuse the two.
Sherlock didn’t so much as wince, however, even as blood seeped out and mixed with what was already there. In fact, he seemed oddly triumphant when it happened, as though he’d managed to prevent something extremely important by doing so, and the pain of the subsequent cuts were more than worth it. It likely added a little to the triumph that this time, there was a bone cracking, the snap of it clearly audible.
“No, of course not!” The answer was immediate and possibly, automatic. Possibly not, of course, but there was something there, that was for sure.
He wanted to live, dear god did he, but if there were no more possibility for that, then he’d die as much as himself as he could.
John shot him a glance that was closer to a glare before he returned to his work. Even if there was more to it than this, more needed to get Sherlock out of the woods, he could tell that it was doing something because the keening was gradually fading.
No, it hadn’t. It was simply that…that too much was happening at once. He would’ve scoffed at the cliché at play here, only it was hard to when it was happening to you. It definitely wasn’t helpful.
Apropos of that…wasn’t there a question that he hadn’t answered? He thought there might be, but he wasn’t sure.
“What has the shape or state I was in at the time to do with it? Either it matters all three times, or it doesn’t matter at any one of them! You can’t just take backsies on a declaration like that just because of what shape or state of mind the other person was in at the time!”
Sherlock realised that it wasn’t anything to do with him almost immediately, and mentally scolded himself for not realising straight away, because it was bloody well obvious that it had more to do with learned caution and ingrained defensiveness than anything to do with Sherlock.
“I’ll tell you later.” It was a mumble more than anything and it came from Sherlock. He’d raised his head somewhat at some point while John had been distracted, though he hadn’t otherwise moved, and was now glaring slightly, not at John but at the phone in his hand.
Moreover, and more importantly, he realised something else as more and more clothes were added to the pile that the blond seemed expected to at the very least try on; it wasn’t just the posh store he felt uncomfortable in and it wasn’t because it was posh and consequently expensive.
When he mentioned it to Mycroft after a moment or two of silence in the car, the ‘civil servant’ nodded. “Of course. I took the liberty – “
Well, no, he had had plans, and more than a few at that, but he hadn’t…in all of them, he had assumed that they would be in different positions than this. Which was stupid, he knew, but he hadn’t…oh, he’d let his feelings get the better of him. Pride and fear chief among them.
Perhaps he had, yes. It was somehow, relatively speaking, easier to think of both Sherlock and Moriarty as dragons, with their showmanship and extravagance. Their cravings, daft as that sounded. Mycroft, on the other hand, was almost too…quiet to be a dragon. Too restrained, too
John squeezed the hand still in his. “If you’re okay with me coping with the stress and worries the way I do…if you can cope with that, then I can cope with you buggering off into your mind in the same situation. As long as you come back to me.”
As he watched John’s face fall a little again before it was quite forcefully hidden, however, the thought that he could manage to lose his friend in a number of ways, not just through claiming, flashed through his mind. Again?
To be honest, John couldn’t say where that had come from, except that it was something that he’d read somewhere. In a book, possibly, a long time ago. Why had it stuck with him? It was hardly important, was it? And yet, though he couldn’t remember the entire sentence, it felt both appropriate and important.
And he’d been adamant about it, too, right up until the point where he’d decided to back out and cancel, and he had then been as adamant if not more so about it. What was to say that he wouldn’t swivel right back around and then the day was suddenly past and he’d missed his chance?
Though Sherlock would undoubtedly disagree, the fact that the ginger had been this adamant about getting hold of him definitely pushed it into the realm of importance, not to mention that of worry. Why exactly was it so important?
No. That wasn’t right. Not quite. There was a thread, too thin and frail to be used as a point of location, but there…and it was gone.
Were the police on their way? A group of incurably curious, if not downright nosy, neighbours? Both? What would happen if they turned up and started searching the place, then found the two brothers fighting with either appendages or something else that gave away their less-than-human – no, not less, other-than-human – origin, at which point the likelihood of this turning out anything other than a complete disaster was eradicated.
John was right. It would break him. Perhaps not today, or this month, or this year, if they were lucky. But sooner or later, he would slip up or he would snap under the strain and then…
John sighed. There were just too many things to consider, to remember and discuss about all of this, and very few of them were really, when you got down to it, all that important to the current situation.
“Well, yes? I don’t understand the question. There is nothing ‘just’ about it. You want to know why? Because thee is nothing ‘just’ about you, John, and so the proposal had to be up to par. Obviously.”
Considering that, it was little wonder that it tried to keep going, swerving and weaving but not giving an inch.
John looked over at him once they were both upright again, grinning, the horrible rainbow decorating his face not enough to diminish the strength of said grin. It was just as wonderful, not to mention effective, as it had always been.
The look in the eyes was one of challenge but with the warmth in them, too, John guessed it to be a challenge of whether or not he’d be stupid enough to argue against it, on grounds that would swiftly and thoroughly be pulled apart, but with the understanding of why he might want to argue against it and not judging him for it.
So, what he said out loud was a gentle, “There is something called common courtesy, love, that still applies.”
“You let me be part of your life for a time,” he continued. He didn’t notice his voice had gained a slight but slowly increasing vibrato as he continued talking. “You asked why now? Why this stunt? Because there’d be no more excuses after this. No more need to practice, no more need to meet up, and I…I…”
He checked as best he could but there was no indication that teeth had shot out in his sleep and had done the unthinkable, and so he relaxed.
“Why doesn’t – because that’s…that’s entirely accidental because you’re caught up in something else entirely. Like kids knocking into each other in a full bouncy castle.”
“As it were,” he said. “But yeah, more or less what I meant, give or take a less scientific wording.” He sighed but was still smiling. “I know we can’t plan for it because that’s not how it works, but perhaps we can learn more about what to expect, at least.”
“A – “John had begun, his hand in Sherlock tightening in a spasm. “And I’m not going to ask how you know about that, that thing. No.”
She did not try to curtsy again or even smile at him, for which he was somehow rather grateful. No, that wasn’t right as that implied that he was frightened of her, even just a little bit, which wasn’t true, no matter what he had thought earlier.
It wouldn’t have been Mycroft, considering his behaviour now and their overall relationship. In any case, Sherlock took people’s efforts to discourage him from a course of action as a challenge in much the same way a child did when it was told that it was incapable of doing whatever it was it wanted to do. With often enough the exact same result.
She’d claimed she hadn’t repaid her debt to him without giving him something. Especially when it was for something as important as that. His attempt at deflection hadn’t worked, either, and she’d claimed she would have something else ready for him. She wouldn’t say what that something was, however, no matter what, only that she would have it ready in time.
“They have been treated, by the experts I mentioned, so that when they are applied to the wounds in question, they will not only help close it but part of them will dissolve into the wounds and burn out whatever remains of dust still remain in the bloodstream. It is the best that can be done in the circumstances, given we don’t know the owner of the bones.”
John sighed, the anger draining out of him. He didn’t have the energy for this; he hadn’t had enough sleep after all, it seemed, and he definitely could do with some food, whether it was breakfast, lunch or dinner. To be honest, he could probably eat all three at once without much complaint.
They got back in, seating the exact same as before, and for a moment, John had the strange sensation that they’d never left the car. That all they’d just been through with the house and Michel and the kidnapping hadn’t happened. Had been nothing more than a dream at most, and they had been driving in the cab all this time, ready to meet Tessa.
A hand came up again to forestall Sherlock making any comment there, and he continued. “That seems all well and good and thorough, and for the time, I suppose it was. What they did
“That’s…thank you, Mycroft,” he repeated as he looked back up, with more genuine feeling than before. “That’s incredibly thoughtful of you.” He smiled.
He’d divested himself of shirt and trousers and climbed into bed where he’d folded himself around the stockier body, enjoying the feel of it against him and the knowledge that he was there. Of course, the familiar residual scent of himself embedded in the linen starting slowly to combine with John’s hadn’t detracted, either.
Keeping his friendship with John a secret was essential, and not because he cared about comments about new night-time habits or snide remarks. But if somebody got wind of it, that they weren’t merely practicing, it would circle back, by one byway or another, to Mycroft, who’d spoil it, either by trying to break it up between them, what there was of it, or to try and make sure it grew rather than fizzled.
“John,” repeated Ruby, bringing his attention back on her. “It’s…okay.” Her voice was still weak, but she sounded determined.
Why was he…? Didn’t that break…or perhaps they’d had no illusion. Or at least, John didn’t. Sherlock was fluent in French, including the accent, because of course, but you could probably still hear John’s English accent in whatever French he spoke.
It would almost be better if it sounded like an accusation, if he’d been angry about it. Instead, it came out almost flat, as though it was a certainty, another fact.
do, John corrected him, but gently. Consciously so, because he could see the intentions behind it, and he was determined to work on and better his own behaviour to not include that knee-jerk reaction anymore. Or at least curtail it when it happened, such as now.
You couldn’t, or at least you shouldn’t, tie them down and so they floated free while you were on the ground, watching them go their own separate ways free of you while you worried and fretted.
There was some truth in that but not all that much. It didn’t crumble; in other circumstances, he would’ve held fast to those ideals with tooth and nails. Hah. And to be honest, as much as he still had no desire to die, he would do a lot to ensure that Sherlock killed him rather than turn him into a marionette.
His reaction in the situation didn’t match, but as he’d been unaware of the pregnancy until then and after that been in something of a shock, he could be given some leeway. It certainly wouldn’t be the reaction he’d have now.
If he’d had time for it, he would’ve needed a moment for that. As it were, he gritted his teeth and helped the continued tearing and splintering of the gun’s metal, which now had a touch of metallic noodles to it. Tried to help it, that was.
“I know you didn’t,” Sherlock said, backing the claim up with seeming unaffected, “and I don’t blame you for the thought.”
No. He wasn’t to use things, he was meant to close gaps and cracks and contain the lizard infestation.
“It wasn’t random or even because I think we ought to hold the wedding reception in this sort of a – “
Why on earth was he so interested in what John wanted to do when he left school? They wouldn’t have anything to do with each other, and this stretched quite past being friendly. He would bet just about anything ‘Mike’ didn’t know what John wanted to do for a living.
Though its foot tied immovably down, the risk of the dragon reaching him was only tangible, for a given definition of ‘tangible, which limited it movement, it was not only capable of stretching its neck, the rest of the body could move, too, which lent it additional manoeuvrability.
It was kind, sweet, really, of Mycroft to ask him, not once but twice, whether this was something he in fact wanted. Not what Sherlock wanted or needed or what was expected of him but what John would want from this. You could argue that it only brought home that he didn’t actually have a choice in the matter and that was true enough, really, but all that said, he was considered as his own person rather than something connected to Sherlock.
Not even the fact that he’d unquestionably outed himself, with no room for backtracking or easy explanations, to his flatmate, by partially transforming seemed to register. It wouldn’t have mattered, he’d know if he’d be in a state of mind to think properly about it, because John had seen the interplay between the dragons, the similarities and whatever claims Sherlock might make to the contrary, he wasn’t stupid or always unobservant.
“…what?” Either he’d been out and hadn’t heard all of what had been said or it was one mighty non-sequitur.
He’d expected a comment along the lines of ‘don’t need sleep’, ‘I don’t need to be put to bed’, or maybe even ‘I won’t sleep if you’re not there’. Anyone of them would’ve made sense.
“The question remains of why. Not that it matters because I am not doing it. I will not risk your life again.”
Sherlock was halfway through pulling out whatever it was that was in his inner pocket when the Beta halted him by asking about the note taking.
John glared at the other but then he sighed heavily and dragged his free hand over his mouth in a weary gesture. “Look, Mycroft. I understand you’re worried. I get it.”
Well, yes. Obviously. But how could he accomplish that? Keep a tight grip on the rope, of course, and be aware of it at all times, but as one limb tightened as it slid up, he could feel something else, possibly the other limb, possibly a limb or something else belonging to another shape, try to slither into his closed hand and insinuate itself between his skin and the rope.
Another, deeper sniff of their joined hands. Sherlock tried to pull his hand away so she could scent the Omega on his own, but she stopped him and pushed the hand back to where it had been, with a very firm ‘no’ to go along with it.
That didn’t mean that he didn’t want to practise together with John. Had it been anyone else, that wouldn’t have been the case but in this instance, it very much was so.
John jolted when her hands made contact, enough so that it was a wonder he didn’t topple backwards onto his arse. She looked up, frightened, snatching her hands back immediately as her eyes darted over both their faces again and again.
“No, you’re not making me question you. Not over that, anyway. You’re not off the hook for some chewing out on a few things but that can wait. Now come on, get down on that bed…and that sounded far more suggestive than I meant it to. Not because –”
was that sooner or later, it’s going to creep into your mind that maybe you’re not safe around me, just like it did earlier, and, knowing you, you’re going to find some way of dealing with it that’ll be anything but the smart option. Which, yeah, I know, people in glass houses and all, but the point remains.”
Well, no, that wasn’t true. It was just as touching because they were really very much linked, weren’t they? The love was what made those mundanities have meaning and the mundanities grounded the love into something concrete and proper.
“It still amazes me how much leeway you give me that you don’t give anyone else, including yourself. Doesn’t matter if I didn’t, doesn’t matter if I meant ever so bleeding well. If you were hurt by my words, my thoughtlessness, then that hurt is legitimate, okay? It’s not okay to dismiss it, though.”
It felt right in a way that he wished it didn’t, and he fought to keep it out, even as he felt himself being drawn in, the clatter and clamour of his base desires around and above them rising.
If he expected a fanfare or John flinging himself into his arms, he was to be disappointed. Not even the smile that he had so come to look for and depend upon, in a way he would never have thought possible before he had met John.
It was easy enough, relatively speaking, to have a declaration and then follow it up with some big romantic gesture or even a series of them as you floated high above in your little castle in the air, filled with love and ease. Sooner or later, though, reality, or rather the everyday, would infringe upon any such bubble and would, if not exactly burst it, at least puncture it enough for it to slowly leak and deflate.
Though Sherlock wanted to smile - and wasn’t the frequency and ease of that a revelation and a change in and of itself? Not one that he would change, mind, just something to make a note of – he kept it at a small, but warm quirk of his lips.
Part of Sherlock wanted to grin and posture at that, in the knowledge that not only was the other Alpha denied something he wanted, it was something that Sherlock had, and the other man knew it.
That didn’t mean he couldn’t do anything at all, of course, or that he had to follow a strict schedule from now on. He was going to show earlier, obviously – to be honest, he already was showing, wasn’t he? – and be more burdened by having two children growing in his womb rather than one, but ordinarily, he’d be able to retain a relatively normal life.
It might still be showing him just how much he truly meant to Sherlock and that the consulting detective was ready and willing to make that step, that commitment. That confirmation that he was truly invested in this. If John wasn’t ready for that investment himself…
Only to end up with his hand grabbed and pulled forward, the grip on it not only hard but so that the joints where the carpals met the metacarpals were squeezed together.
There hadn’t been any other reaction that he could see, at least, but that wasn’t necessarily enough of an indicator, not on its own.
Sherlock blinked at him, thrown a little by the unexpected accuracy of the otherwise trite cliché. Then he nodded.
posed to them through his bond with Sherlock, his role in getting them out and whatever links the owners might make to that, it was hardly the wisest moment to visit.
John, however, had been not only in a harem for more than a few years – before Sherlock decided to play cat burglar and ended up practically drugged with Rut – he’d been in the army before that and medical school before that.
And the fact that he’d been a keeper for a harem did nothing in that respect because babies were dependent in ways that a grown human, no matter how frail, broken or diminished, was not.
‘Oh, nothing, John. Nothing at all. I just cannot get the thought of us becoming husbands out of my mind, it seems, and it’s starting to creep into my work. So, what do you say? Nip down the register office and get it done, grab a Thai on the way home? Or would you rather we did it in a church?’
He saw Sherlock gain a thoughtful look. “No, you’re not experimenting on whether or not those would work – or running to a store to get lube.”
Then again, perhaps this wasn’t the time. Or perhaps it wasn’t something he should try and…and what, exactly? Control? It wasn’t that. He supposed he was just…worried that Sherlock was trying to live up to some sort of ideal.
His gaze lingered, perhaps slightly pointedly, on where the bond bite was still visible above the collar of John’s t-shirt, the same not exactly well-fitted one he’d arrived at 221B in.
Not too long a wait, I hope. But I think you understand in all of this mess we're all stranded in right now.
None of this he said out loud, and even though Sherlock had unquestionably realised something, the rest of the appointment went as predicted. They got a print of the ultrasound, found a date for the next appointment, and was out of the door.
He suddenly had a pang of regret that he’d never taken the time to try and learn the words to the song they’d perform, allowing John’s reassurances that it’d be fine to lull him into forgetting about it, but it was brief and, honestly, rather small. There was no way he’d come out of that securing himself anything, quite apart from the fact that he’d embarrass himself, not to mention the audience.
“Not as the first thing she is given by her mother,” the ginger continued, as though there had been no interruption at all. “Secondly, you cannot because you will not be passing through the airport.”
“No, it’s not – I don’t – I wouldn’t want – “He tried to explain but stumbled over his words. Why was that so difficult? It wasn’t as though he could no longer form a sentence so why was he struggling like he was?
John tries to readjust and to relearn his responses to a world, or even a part of it, that has changed a little since he 'went away'. Or is it him that's changed?
He took a breath and wet his lips, nervous about what he was saying, but looking into John’s eyes, how they had gradually lit up as he’d spoken, that bolstered him and made his heart warm all at the same time.
The fact that he could think of such an easy explanation did not, however, lessen the unpleasant feelings in the pit of his stomach. Was there any reason, proper reason, to let him know that he knew?
Where he had chained it, confined it, and where it still was. Even so, he tightened the grip, not just on the hand in his but the leash which he still held onto.
Sherlock went a few more steps, just on principle, before turning back to face his boyfriend. Which was still such an utterly inadequate word to describe what John was to him, not to mention it felt just a little bit juvenile.
Which of course also meant that there was only the one opportunity to get it right and if that failed, then…
That is a point,” he said, dry as anything. Then he turned his head to look directly at John and the expression on his face was entirely serious. “However, I do hope you believe me when I say that I wouldn’t do that. Not now nor ever.”
he cleaned it and had never gotten to the cleaning, his prodding and poking, however careful it had been, couldn’t have helped, and he couldn’t help but feel a little guilty at that.
“Of course, I do. I think about her every single day. What she felt like holding, how much I still love her. How old she’ll be now, how she’ll look. If she’s even alive.”
The front door was, by opening into the flat rather than out and therefore meeting the barrier John had managed to get in front of it, keeping people from entering the flat. At the same time, it also made it difficult to get out of the flat that way – for John, at least, for Sherlock it’d probably be cakewalk to claw or burn his way through. Did he even have fire breath? It was almost the defining feature of a dragon but for all he knew, they didn’t, or some spewed flame and others spewed…other things.
To his relief, he felt a bony hand grip his almost immediately, and he pulled to indicate he wanted him closer. Sherlock moved right up behind him without question.
The clerk had whitened at that but thankfully hadn’t been stupid enough to try and deny it or demand to see evidence. Given that he was sitting at his desk, in an open office landscape, that would’ve been extraordinarily stupid but then again, people weren’t always very bright, were they?
How he remembered not just the notes but when he was supposed to stop, he didn’t know, but he was content to stop and just observe John playing until he was meant to join in again.
He pulled away from the kiss just as gently as he’d started it and got to see Sherlock looking back up at him., eyes wide and intent as they gazed back at him, allowing him to look his fill. Sherlock’s hair was a tangled mess of a halo against the pillow, except where it still stuck to his  evident stubble was peppering his face, which had a surprisingly ginger tint to it now that it was longer, and there was a bit of a mark on his cheek from where he’d rested on something harder too long.
The last sentence had more than a smidgeon of bitterness to it, which was understandable in the circumstances.
“Of course not, nor should you. Tessa is a beautiful name, regardless of other bearers, and I can’t wait to meet your Tessa.”
“Thank you,” he said, quietly, pressing their forehead further together. Not for anchoring, though, but purely for the lovely gesture. Well, that, and reinforcing the thank you, too, of course.
Even with all of that in his mind, he wasn’t entirely able to pull himself together, which was why, when he called out John’s name to get his attention, his voice came out a little strangled and why the questions tumbled out of his mouth like that. Why his voice rose and all the rest of it, really.
Then he chuckled and moved his thumb over John’s cheek in what with others might be called a caress. John couldn’t help a shudder, despite his best efforts to suppress it.
Or perhaps, it wasn’t different. Perhaps it was more a case of it all being racked up to eleven because of all the different aspects that made up their current living arrangement.
“Excuse me if that doesn’t make me feel a whole lot safer, because wheels within wheels is where I’ve lived for several years now and if there is one thing it doesn’t is make you feel safe unless you’re the one spinning those wheels.”
Brute strength had done a lot of his work, too, of course, right in this circumstance, and the fact that he was not only an Alpha, he was of a build to support the stereotype, helped to, especially in order to intimidate.
Still, the concept of marriage wasn’t something that he would’ve ever said he’d wanted. Then again, neither was a romantic relationship, if someone had asked him before John had walked into his life, cane and all.
“It’s a simple question.” The calm, almost detached tone seemed confirmation that he was trying to pull away from all of this to some degree.
He must mean – was that it? Mycroft had alluded to some kind of attempt at claiming John being made, hadn’t he? But that had been an attempt today, yesterday, whichever. Or wasn’t that at all what he’d meant, after all?
Sherlock nudged him with his elbow at that, gently and without saying anything. John looked over at the computer screen where an email account was opened. Leaning closer, he could see the email address and was a little surprised and very touched to see that it wasn’t Sherlock’s name there or something completely bland and bog standard. It was unquestionably his.
No, that wasn’t quite right, was it? This, all of this, with all that it had come to encompass and seemed determined to continue expanding, was still something that they would have to do together. Sherlock could provide support, be the shoulder to lean on and the third leg that kept the stool standing but he couldn’t do it
Once again, the consulting detective couldn’t help but feel rather proud of his boyfriend for picking up on something being amiss and putting his finger, correctly, on what it was. Not that he was about to say that out loud, of course. He couldn’t, could he?
Wait, hold on. No. That wasn’t – well, they were questions he wanted answers to, but they were nowhere near the most important ones.
Once upon a time, he would’ve gagged. No, honestly, he would’ve torn the notion to shreds and possibly also gagged. But he wasn’t that person anymore, was he? Not quite, no, and he was glad for the change.
It probably would’ve been easier for him to just move around to the other side of the bed, but he didn’t, and John found himself grateful for that, as the lithe body behind him was a significant calming factor.
“Broody?” Sherlock suggested. “Perhaps. He was rather crestfallen when he presented an Alpha rather than an Omega, since it’s been the norm for the eldest Holmes child to be an Omega for at least three hundred years. Not that he hasn’t come to enjoy some benefits of being an Alpha.”
Then it might be a broader version of the same ring, perhaps with gold instead of silver, but they would decide together and the rings they would get would be identical, or at least complimentary ones, to indicate their commitment to each other.
John held himself perfectly still as he kept eye contact, in the hope that it’d keep the dragon from deciding to make a sudden move as well as spark recognition. Any recognition apart from the base one that saw his friend as nothing more than something to be claimed.
What would by Sherlock’s job, then, wasn’t to take over but to do what John wasn’t able to, after discussion with him, helping them both through it as well as they possibly could.
It likely also made a difference that he had an understanding of gold’s properties and to see it not even melt, which might be a stretch but still at least tenuously feasible given the oddly intense heat he knew came off the wounds, but disintegrate first and rather fast into grains as though the term ‘gold salts’ was more than a misnomer. Then, gradually though not especially slowly, those grains did dissolve into the wounds, disappearing completely.
Reluctant to break the kiss, they nevertheless did in order to help each other out of their clothes and crawl underneath the covers together, wrapping around each other, not like lovesick, horny teenagers as much as people who found comfort, love and strength in the presence of each other.
Right. There would definitely have to be some time spent securing the various rooms so that they would not just be baby-safe but, almost more importantly, safe from a curious and investigative toddler. With Sherlock’s experiments and equipment, that might have been a moot point had they not already discussed it.
Sherlock frowned, now thrown for a proper roller coaster loop. “Shouldn’t I be? We always bicker. What’s the point you’re trying to make?”
Family then. A father? No, that would fall back into not wanting to oust him. What – ah, a brother. Obvious.
Nevertheless, the Alpha made a conscious effort to gentle his tone on the next sentence. He wasn’t going to get his point across any better by getting angry, however justified he might feel in that anger.
“It’d be tempting, I’m not going to deny that, but no. More trying to get my head around it as I formulate it, I suppose. Which is stupid, it’s not like I haven’t had time to think about it before you woke up. Had a whole plan of how I was going to tackle it and everything and…”
He tried to pitch it in a tone of voice that was imploring without being secretly demanding, hoping to show the other that he was genuinely interested but that he shouldn’t feel under any pressure to divulge if he didn’t want to.
If his doctor could do that, then Sherlock could bear the uncertainty and more besides without complaint or wish to make it easier to him.
What exactly had happened while he’d been out? It must’ve been something bad, or at least relatively major, to cause a reaction like this in Sherlock. Or maybe he was feeling the aftereffects of the visit from the Alpha? But then, he would have had issues with John going out in the first place, surely? And he most definitely hadn’t, knife or not.
“Only, why I’d think you’d enjoy that is…anyway, this is so much better than having to entertain a whole bunch of people, never mind having to go through a party both on Christmas Eve and on Christmas Day.”
Settling into 221B Baker Street took a little more than an admittedly excellent shag and a bit of talking.
One could argue that they were doing something now, working towards the goals they had, and as such, to call it domesticity was perhaps something of a misnomer. On the other hand, they would hardly ever be likely to be termed a normal kind of couple so for them, this did count as domesticity.
Jim’, after all – though he’d focused more on the ‘Jim’ part when she’d spoken, she had used both, even if it had been in French – and even though Sherlock wasn’t an expert at getting relations between people right, ‘uncle’ implied a degree of closeness but also a degree of distance at the same time.
Luckily for him, Mycroft wasn’t merely perceptive, he was more receptive and caring for his little brother than
It was a bit interesting for me to write this and I have to say it was nice, in its own way, to just give him a bit of space to think and interact with someone else.
John’s reaction wasn’t that, however. It was worry, not fear, even if you had to look hard through that careful blankness to see it. Worry for himself, obviously, but also, the brunet would say, worry that he would be the cause of the regression, too.
“You’re a right little shit, aren’t you?” Despite the momentary snarl, the words came out calm enough. Well, relatively. “Just because you were rescued, like some little damsel in a tower, you think you’re sitting pretty and safe in your Alpha’s den.”
He took a breath before he ploughed on with the meat of what he meant to say, as it were. “That’s not all of it, though. I think I’m as calm about it as I am…No, you’re right. I am nervous. It is a big thing whichever way you slice it. I’m not scared, though. It’s a bit like showing up for church and finding out you’re the one who’s getting married. That doesn’t mean you don’t love the one you’re getting wed to or wasn’t prepared to get married, it just means you’re a bit…underprepared when the day itself arrives. Does that make any sense?”
Then again, his relationship with his sister was, for all of their sniping and squabbling and whatever else, rather more frayed and dysfunctional than the Holmes brothers. The thought that Harry would ever come to his help like Mycroft had for Sherlock was…preposterous.
Something which he wanted to hold onto and protect as the most fragile of flames until it burned bright and was incapable of being extinguished. Not that it probably was that fragile – to not just survive but grow after all they’d been through took resilience, though really, wasn’t that par for the course for John? – but nevertheless, it was something that felt delicate to him. Perhaps because it was so precious to him, which in turn was because it was
alone anymore, and he didn’t have to function and take precautions as though he was. That thought was still enough to rather floor him, he had to admit.
Moriarty glanced at John again. “Of course. Goes both ways, doesn’t it? Lucky for you, wasn’t it, Johnny boy? Someone to take you out of the ivory tower at last when you weren’t about to do it yourself.”
Unfortunately for her, Moran noticed, too, and he wasn’t pleased with the reaction. Or maybe he was, it was hard to tell, even for Sherlock. Though to be honest, that was mainly because he found indications of both, and more besides, across the face, as if it’d been deliberate.
the one who’s scared. Who’s terrified of what you can’t remember, of how you behaved while you weren’t in the driving seat – while you weren’t in the car at all, really.”
And the ‘mating claim’, as John found himself calling it in his head, was the only way to ensure that claim without becoming nothing more than a walking, talking, maybe, trophy. A doll, for all intents and purposes.
He’d also found a strange sort of satisfaction in the preparation of such things, which he wouldn’t have expected in a million years.
The rest of it went smoothly; they breezed through the passport control, the security checks and everything else, to the point that John managed to become suspicious again.
Swallowing, he tried again, in a calmer tone. “If it’s because you don’t feel sexual attraction, that’s fine. Either at all or to me in particular.”
he had told them a lot of things – not to mention the fact that if the brunet had been an honest-to-something police officer, then the Beta probably shouldn’t tell him anything about a daughter he really wasn’t supposed to have – he stole a glance over at John again, to see what his reaction was.
“Kindly refrain from dismissing your emotions or need for them like that.” There was a sharpness to his voice that even Sherlock himself was a little surprised by. “As for deductions, I have already made several. One or two of them are even to do with Moriarty.”
Tessa herself let out a noise somewhere between a confused shout and a small scream, backing away from her uncle as she saw his expression. Only for him to reach her hand, grab it and yank her back towards him.
It wasn’t as though John had pushed her away or even growled at his stomach being touched. Yes, it had been a strong jolt and he’d also made some sort of noise, but it hadn’t been anything that indicated anger or displeasure.
But even if they hadn’t bonded…if John had no wish to bond with Sherlock, regardless of their scent bond or the children in his womb, that didn’t make the blond fair game for Moriarty to mess with, and Sherlock would’ve still done everything in his power to protect John from the Irishman.
So, it was perfectly capable and willing to learn from him, so long as it suited it, at any rate. Only when it suited it. The rest could, it seemed, take a running jump.
Of course his brother had to poke his oversized can opener of a nose into whether Sherlock had made any purchases of such a thing or not and thought it entirely justified, too, which it wasn’t. Not when it came to the younger Holmes, at least. The rest of the world was different.
It would’ve been better than this non-expression that had settled onto him and refused to budge, it seemed. Then again, just about anything would.
A Sherlock who’d given up, rather than just making John suffer through a hissy fit or a masterful sulk, that was…that was all kinds of wrong.
He didn’t say anything, however, just regarded John with that same expression that took in everything and was amused by what it saw.
It wasn’t helped by the fact that said personification was being awfully quiet and there wasn’t anything to make a racket that would drown him out.
No, that wasn’t fair, neither on John nor him. Neither was to blame. The fact that his instincts had taken over then remained, however, and while he’d managed to control himself for the most part since, he couldn’t be certain he could continue that.
Possibly because he knew Sherlock would worry about it? It would make sense that John would pick up on that sort of thing, after all, and the way he gripped and caressed the bony hand in his was a clue in itself.
John would’ve asked, but he recognised that it was his fears and his slight paranoia talking. He’d been over it before, the answers were the same and he would solve nothing by asking.
In between all those, however, you found some other, much smaller bits of emotions and feelings that were less than wonderful. Normal people would’ve undoubtedly hidden those feelings as deep as possible, ashamed of them, but while Sherlock wasn’t proud of them, not now and he thought that hadn’t ever, he would not hide them any further.
His hand found his middle, rubbing at what could so easily still be mistaken for nothing more than paunch, which had been to his benefit while he’d been in the harem. No matter the number of babies residing in there, he would allow nothing to hurt them, including vindictive harem owners and one Irish Alpha madman.
The enormous head, which had been held up and back a little, moved closer to him. Again, it was difficult to judge whether the human or the dragon face was the most unsettling.
In any case, wherever it had come from and however it had gotten started, he needed to ask. It may have been that he’d inadvertently allowed a courting to begin by accepting the things John had brought to the flat. Not the things that were his own, obviously, or the ones he bought for himself after moving in. It was the ones he’d just sort of…acquired for the flat itself, which of course was all Sherlock’s den.
It was a little later that same day. John sat on the sofa, flicking through one of the seemingly endless books littering the living room, one that he vaguely seemed to recall reading for med school, and Sherlock was seated in his leather chair, plucking at his violin while he claimed he was thinking.
When they’d arrived down at 221a, however, it had been Sherlock introducing John to Mrs. Hudson, explaining to her that he was his new bond mate that he’d met while on a case.
“It’s really nothing to do with not wanting to do this or not being aware of what’s at stake. It’s hardly left my mind through all of this. But while I’m okay with us bickering, because frankly, that’s par for the course for us, I know…there’s hardly been a moment where we haven’t either discussed or argued about something.”
Sherlock looked at him, without speaking, for what felt like an uncomfortably long time but probably wasn’t very long. Then he rose from his seat, movement abrupt but still graceful, and strode past John to one of the stacks of papers on the table between the two windows.
As it sometimes happens when one starts doing something, it is impossible for anyone else nearby not to join in, whether it was a joyous or a sad thing, and so it was for Sherlock. An answering chuckle sidled its way out of him, the ridiculousness of the situation providing ample reason to and his comment being the last drop that made the cup run over.
But that wasn’t what it entailed, necessarily. It could just as easily be that he did care about John but not in the way he would expect or want. Rather, it would be the care and affection, if such a word could be used, that one bestows on a cherished possession, caring about it for what the object provided them rather than any intrinsic value of its own.
“Of course, I wouldn’t,” he said, smiling at the young man, whose eyes had widened a little at the unexpected and uncomfortable pressure on a sensitive spot. “Such a sweet little thing shouldn’t have to wait, should he?”
The question was whether that counted. After all, he had been part of a harem not just when she had been born but when she’d been conceived as well. That could technically mean that it was the father, not John, who had the rights but then again, the blond Omega’s contract had been markedly different from the other occupants, as he was the keeper.
“John, please, shut up?” It was probably meant to come out commanding or at the very least demanding. Instead, it came out pleading, which puzzled the doctor.
John snorted. “Guess I got that wrong,” he said, just the tiniest glimmer of dark amusement in his voice. “Half-wrong, anyway. You’re not a machine but you aren’t human, either.”
“I think you had.” He stole a kiss and then was gifted one. “Remember to curse me good and proper as soon as you’re off Baker Street.”
The next morning, in the time between waking and going to class, Sherlock almost didn’t touch his phone, anxious about what it might, or might not, hold. Which he knew was stupid and not conducive to anything but regardless, it took him some mental persuasion to open the phone and see what, if any, texts he’d gotten.
“Ehm, as far as I can see, around a dozen or so. But Sherlock, they don’t have to have been registered at the time. Not every harem does so – “
“But you didn’t,” Sherlock insisted. “It was my…my interpretations that were wrong, that was all, that wasn’t your fault.”
But John’s eyes were warm and understanding. “That you haven’t? Not really, not on its own. But when you were that confused why somebody would kiss you, coupled with your earlier confession that nobody ever touches you, then it wasn’t that hard a deduction to make. I still don’t get why, though.”
However, the chance of not being sussed by the consulting criminal was slim to none, just like with Sherlock himself. But unlike the younger Holmes, she would know that of the Irishman. Know that he’d notice all such small points. Not to mention that one look between the girl and John ought to be enough. Even if it wasn’t, she still didn’t have to go back and forth like that.
With a very determined force of will, he made it die in his throat. For some reason, that made him cough, however, quite harshly as though his body was trying to expel a very troublesome bit of bone or similar, and he felt a hand on his back, at about the same time as he heard cotton-covered foam gently hit the floor.
At first glance, Sherlock’s sleep could be mistaken for the induced unconsciousness, and the doctor felt a chilling gust blow through him at the thought.
He felt a shiver run through him that the snipers might not have shot at all if Sherlock hadn’t acted as a shield. Or they might still have. Neither the thought of being shot nor the one that saw him claimed by Moriarty was anything but horror-inducing.
Once he was upright, violin somehow still in hand, John let go of his hand. But before he could feel bereaved, he felt the hand on his hip as the other teen wrapped his arm around his waist, pulling him slightly to him.
Which brought him back to what had sparked the thoughts in the first place – a mention of his own family history.
At first glance, it was fairly nondescript to look at, just another sheet of laser-printed paper, with some handwritten scrawls at the bottom and in the margins. At least, that was the case until he examined it in more detail.
Then, with a dexterity that surprised even him a little bit, he got the ring out of the box with one hand, without dropping or even tipping the box. It was cold in his hand and he curled his hand around it for a second.
Thank you for the understanding and support from the last chapter, guys. Admitting to something like ABI wasn't easy to do so thank you. ❤️
Considering that, it also made far more sense for the older brother to reap some benefit like that from being a dragon. Either that or he was heading for a breakdown at some point, his heart giving him issues later on, especially considering his diet. It might not consist solely of cakes and biscuits, whatever Sherlock claimed, but it evidently wasn’t the health option, either.
“We cannot save the whole world in one go with a big sweeping gesture, but we can make it better bit by small bit, is that what you’re saying?” he asked, attempting light but managing only quiet and earnest.
Sherlock might be out of his depth on this, but so was John, really. Certainly, that was true when it came to making a relationship like this work, long-term, and with taking care of babies and children for any length of time. No matter his expertise or lack thereof, there was no valid reason John could possibly think of why his Alpha wouldn’t want to help and be there, be it emotional, physically or financially.
It was neither the time nor the place, though, and especially not what the occasion was for, and so he pulled the hand that had started to wander down back.
Telling him that, though…it was highly unlikely that John wasn’t already aware, and it wasn’t as though he was choosing this.
They stayed like that for a minute or two. Then the Omega slid gently out of the Alpha’s grip but only so he could slide to his knees in front of him, his own hands on bony knees. There he waited for Sherlock to look at him, which was almost immediate. Then he continued.
I know this could be seen as a sidenote to the plot but I didn't want to forget about Ruby, either. It's still interesting to build snippets of the world like this, though.
Intimidation had no hold, either, but the poor tit had so few tools in his arsenal to deploy that even when he knew they didn’t work, he had little else to exchange them with.
“So…what you’re saying is that I’m at fault?” he asked, his voice matching his smile. “That I made a wrong decision, an uninformed and ill-advised decision when I decided to bond with you?”
With that, he reached out and touched Sherlock’s own hand. A hand that had been stretched out in the direction of John’s stomach.
John had to admit, he was almost taken aback at the practical thoughtfulness that was rather inclusive, too. They couldn’t smell whether he was the carrying parent or not, as it were, but they picked something that accommodated both options.
The thought that they might have found the wrong girl was hard enough to consider, but the accompanying thought that they then would have no new clues to lead them to the right one, if she was even – and that was a thought that he wasn’t even going to acknowledge.
Sherlock looked uncomfortable, as though he was struggling. Perhaps not so much because of the feelings themselves – for one who claimed to have been almost exclusively logic-driven, emphasis on ‘claimed’, he was quite adept at them and had expressed them relatively openly and willingly, at least with John himself – but the number of conflicting ones. John didn’t know, of course; couldn’t for certain know without asking the other directly but he felt he could be reasonably sure.
There was no real arguing with that but even so, John would, because there were modifiers. “Not deliberately.”
This is a day late compared to my normal upload date, I know. I was out celebrating that night, though, so...at least you don't have to wait another week. :)
In hindsight, he couldn’t help but wonder, not to mention curse himself, for not picking up on the facts sooner. After all, it wasn’t as though the scent was exactly subtle or that he’d forgotten he was there.
Eventually, after what felt like an eternity, John tilted his head back down. It took another smell infinity, or so it felt, before he spoke. “Who do
Why would he have said and done all the rest of it if he hadn’t – well, that was it, wasn’t it? One thing did not equal or entail the other, did it? He could easily be genuine about the rest of it, about the feelings and desires and such and still have never wanted to claim John, even as a mate.
“Agree?” God, did he have to continually be on the back foot in this? Not only ask stupid questions but actually echo the other?
Not that he could expect her to be blissfully ignorant of everything around her. Not now and not later, either. She was clever and observant, he’d already seen that, it would be unfair to think that she wouldn’t be picking up things. Even now, in this state, and with him shielding her as much as he could.
He was distracted from contemplating that further by Moriarty bending his knees a little as he turned towards John and Tessa.
To be honest, he wasn’t sure if he could ever put it on again. It’d be a reminder that he really didn’t need of this whole event instead of the bittersweet but fortifying one it had been when it only had connections to his time as a soldier.
The doctor stared at him in puzzlement, as they had been meaning to get something down that way, but when he didn’t get any response, you could see him mentally shake his head after calculating whether it was worth the bother of asking, let alone get into an argument about.
It helped, too. Not only because John’s presence, especially when it was physical as well, always helped, but because Sherlock, as he was given some measure of peace, told himself that he’d reached a conclusion.
“Did you…I need to know for certain because things are blurred and shaken in my mind, but did you say…”
Or possibly not the latter, given that he knew Sherlock was bound to know he’d do it and therefore would be on the lookout for those exact things.
It probably should be worrying, and it might even be that, a little, at least. Possibly, it ought to have been a little patronising, too. Mostly, though, he quite honestly found it surprisingly grounding and endearing. That Sherlock would prioritise him like that, even in such a small situation.
“Nest?” John asked, suddenly thrown by the unexpected image. “Did you – really? A nest? Not made of straw, surely? Or gold?”
But that was the point, wasn’t it? Moriarty was no longer just a genius criminal, he was one of them, and he’d taken the time to –
, how could he refuse? More than that, how could he but feel like a complete idiot for not taking Sherlock’s own instincts, not to mention his wishes, into consideration, and an utter cock-waffle to boot? Of course, he’d want to provide as far as he was able to, regardless of John’s financial situation.
In turn, that put another point in the box for the case that their adoption of Tessa wasn’t legal, at least fully. That somewhere along the line there had been some fishy transaction, as the document sent to Mycroft corroborated, in the acquiring of children. In particular from harems, though they almost certainly weren’t too choosy, so long as nobody would ask any questions.
Why would an Alpha come here? Did John know someone that he’d invite over? Not that there was anything wrong with that, obviously. Sherlock had no intention of being one of those partners – that it was only Alphas that were capable of exhibiting that kind of behaviour was not only reductive, it was entirely untrue – that wouldn’t allow his bond mate to meet with someone without the younger Holmes present himself or having granted permission for his partner to meet that person.
Also, I know it's rather out of whack of normal scheduling (this should've been the week for KotF). I am trying to juggle a whole lot of things right now and Friday just really wasn't an option to upload on - and KotF I'm struggling a bit with.
Oh. No, he hadn’t, had he? He might have thought them, when he’d allowed himself to dwell on it, which was for his own sanity in the face of bouts of frustration, relatively rarely. But he most definitely hadn’t voiced them. An asexual consulting genius and a not-quite-as-heterosexual-as-he-claimed doctor who ran towards at least a good few British stereotypes? No, that wasn’t exactly the sort of thing that came up between them.
Punters, Ben had used to call them, not caring when some of the others had despised his use of the term. He’d point out that for all intents and purposes, the harem was an upscale combination of brothel and slave trading house. Try before you buy but do make sure that you purchase something along the line, as we are not too fond of pure browsers, sampling the merchandise with no intention of buying.
Feeling the beginnings of anger bubble up inside of him, John paused to think before he allowed it to become any more than that. It took a bit of effort, especially with the trip home he’d had, but he managed it. If he was asking Sherlock to change and better himself, then it was only fair that the doctor himself followed suit.
It transformed into a small shudder of pain, unable to be completely suppressed, as the doctor found something. He quickly moved on, however, and thankfully only found one more proper wound, at least on the wing in question, but that was quite a lot deeper hole.
Rather irrelevant in the circumstances, it felt wrong to Sherlock that he wasn’t put out. Well, more put out than he was. If he did love him, was
Besides, he’d had to focus on what happened fully and his hands had been occupied, so it was more likely he’d kept it in his hand or…
What else could he do, then? Time wasn’t exactly on his side if it had been in all of this mess. He suspected not.
Soon, almost too soon, they were once again in a car being driven by someone else, but this time, the car was a cab rather than conspicuously anonymous black car, and the scenery was somewhat more…picturesque than London traffic, though that was hardly saying much.
Getting to explore a partner was always one of the things John enjoyed about a relationship. Not exclusively in a sexual manner but certainly there as well, and it didn’t matter whether it was a new or familiar partner. There was in a sense more to explore when the territory was unfamiliar, that was true, but at the same time, seeing something familiar change in a new circumstance or even just retracing what you’ve already uncovered, enjoying the known path.
The smile he got was barely a quirk of lips but in any case, the more important thing was that he felt a head rest itself on top of his.
Another thought rode along on the current of the first one. Or perhaps it was more of a memory than a thought, one with slipped underneath the first to punch him hard in his gut with the realisation.
Sherlock spotted the smile in the voice. “Definitely. All the support in the air and love is terribly distracting.”
According to the Beta, their little girl hadn’t really stirred, being fast asleep. At least, until he had backed straight into the entrance, where his heel had hit something soft and squishy and yet heavy.
“Please wake up, Sherlock,” he said to the unconscious form of his friend, his voice quiet and almost small. “I…I can’t do this without you. No matter what you are and what either of us do, you’re still my friend.”
Something small but exceedingly warm flickered in his heart when she wrapped her legs around him as tightly as her arms were wound around him. Clinging to him, almost.
The last of the vest open at last, after what felt like hours but was no more than minutes at most, he began to push it off, ignoring the tiny part of his mind that as always delighted in touching John. Not wasn’t the time, regardless of whether he would ever get the opportunity again.
“We can’t stand out here – “John cut himself off. It wasn’t as though it was something irrelevant Sherlock was considering, and he could’ve thought it out a bit, too, before he’d answered the question.
Still, Sherlock couldn’t say he didn’t sympathise, as his own body did much the same. It was a confirmation that he had neither needed nor wanted.
one? It wasn’t even as if it was a particularly clever joke or anything. It was just something that you said in the situation, trotting it out like a donkey on a pleasure beach.
Sherlock used his free hand to clutch at the shoulder of the blond from behind. “I’d never want to – “he managed to say, somewhat strangled.
“Or you could ride me, sitting in my lap as you impale yourself, letting gravity slam you back down each time you’ve risen up, your erection,” his fingers had just about reached the shaft in question and he closed them around the tip, which earned him a strangled moan, “slapping against your belly each time until you can’t help trying to get a hand around it, work it in tandem with the rest of your movements to bring you over the edge.”
Sherlock, watching from the sidelines, follows Tessa trying to get to grips with the mess of a situation and, amidst his own mental freight bullet train, tries to help as he can.
“Yes,” John agreed, and Sherlock’s hope flamed brighter for a moment. That, however, only lasted until he added, “As a possession, I do.”
It helped that Sherlock appeared to have been genuinely confused rather than merely trying to goad and antagonise his brother as per his norm; the slight softening of the ginger’s features as he took in this fact was one outward sign.
He’d lost control of his gun, too, and consequently his heart, judging by the spreading blood stain on his chest.
“To hoard isn’t a quirk or a hobby. It isn’t something we do to be selfish or evil. It’s simply a part of us, as essential as food is to you. Yes, it’s possible to go without for some time, even possible to live on very little, but you cannot go without forever.”
Not that the Alpha was unaffected but that didn’t matter. Not right now. One of them had to do it and when his mate was struggling, Sherlock would step up to the plate.
No. No, it wouldn’t be. Nothing to do with the dragon. If it had been then there’d hardly be any need for it to try and steal it, would there? Then it’d already be in possession of all the thread to it that it could possibly need.
As the first one, he chose a wound that was close to the shoulder, one of the deeper ones which was relatively easy to get to and get a fair assessment on. Taking a deep breath, he tapped on the box carefully with a finger until one lump was at the edge of the box, close to tipping over. Quickly, he brought it as close to the skin as he reasonably could without touching it and tapped again, very carefully.
Then again, Mycroft had seemed entirely genuine in his wish to help and assist the two of them, right down to the doting presents to reflect the losses of his brother.
So…though he hadn’t checked every part of her body to make sure it was all over, at least part of her somatosensory system was functional and seemingly fully functional, if she could feel a light touch like his hand had made, and know his hand felt warm.
He pressed the button to the remote control, unconsciously praying that it lit up as it should, all the way through. It had been a bit of an operation to get it set up, as far as he’d been told, and there were a lot of lights that had to work.
He’d felt rather sure when he’d spoken that he remembered John saying something, though whether it was that he had meant that or something else, he couldn’t say, even though he wished to, and not just for his own sense of clarity.
It didn’t exactly help him that he was an Alpha, either. While the norm was that the Alpha led and was obeyed, that they were in charge and knew best – which, of course, you could scoff at as much as you wanted and try to work against, but that didn’t change how people regarded you – they were not the ones that people were prone to trust in when it came to stressful and otherwise emotional situations.
He took a deep breath, grabbed his violin and moved to the side of the stairs that led to the stage, to be ready to go on.
“There still might be a risk when I sleep,” he pointed out. He sounded as though he didn’t want to say it but felt that he needed to, which was probably the case.
“He’s planned this all along, hasn’t he? This kidnapping wasn’t a spur of the moment thing in the slightest. Michel just thought it was. Or told us it was, at least.”
John growled under his breath at that as he glared at the other before he turned his attention back to Sherlock.
“Ordinarily, you would be right, but the partial shift is…well, not quite always a conscious decision, as it seems you have witnessed. But unconscious like this, unless something is actively blocking it, the preservation instinct would, fuelled by magic, return the dragon in question to the fully changed state that is in the perceived circumstances, the safest.”
John blinked. Softly spoken and seemingly innocuous and surface-level though that comment appeared to be, he could hear the layers that nestled underneath it, bolstering it and giving it dimensions.
To Sherlock, it was also time for another marking of the year. One that had an almost complete overlap with the one celebrated by everybody else, as that was sort of inevitable, really, but was infinitely more important to the consulting detective than anything that had to do with births of saviours or fat men in furry lobster costumes going down far too small chimneys.
The fact that I’m gagged and bound ought to be a rather big signifier that I’m not, though, John argued, feeling it was a reasonable comment.
“Sherlock? Oi, stay with me here. You’re not allowed to run out on me while staying perfectly immobile. Not right now.”
There was only a quiet nod, once, of understanding. Well, to be fair, there was a raised eyebrow but that was it.
John tried not to burst out laughing again. He truly did. It wasn’t really appropriate for the situation they were in, was it? To say the least.
“Oh, don’t mind me. I’m just going. I look forward to our next play date, Johnny-boy. Do bring Sherlock, if you like. Got to run, things to do. It’s been fun, though – ciao!”
He swallowed the rest of that thought and moved. The letter was stuffed into his inner jacket pocket.
