When he drew back, Tony was staring at him, an almost painful sort of wonder in his eyes. "Is that a yes?"
Carol flung her arms out, instinctively trying to shield her teammates, and felt a sharp sting across her left biceps.  The impacts she was braced for didn't come; all but one of the weapons had jammed.
He'd hoped to speak to Fury himself, but speaking to Hill probably cut five minutes worth of orders for Tony to get the hell out of Fury's computer systems out of the conversation, so he wasn't going to raise an objection. If Fury trusted Hill to run things in his absence, well... Hill had been an unqualified disaster as head of SHIELD, but Tony strongly suspected that he wasn't the only person who'd had Koening leaning on him and Dickstein's committee breathing down the back of his neck. It would explain a lot about some of her more ill-advised command decisions.
Carol half-raised one hand. "I'll do it. Why don't you find the labs and check on Hank and Spiderman?"
"It's okay," he shouted, trying not to drop her as she kicked at him. "I've got you! You're safe!" Whatever had happened to this woman, she clearly wasn't hearing him; she just kept on screaming and struggling.
Tony wished
"Oh," Steve said. He hadn't really thought Tony would be, but it had been worth checking. "Do you know when he will be? Here, I mean."
, it was only because he hadn't seen the way Steve was sulking now. If he'd been away another few days, things would probably have devolved to the point where Steve started picking fights with Clint to blow off steam, and Clint didn't need the encouragement.
The silence that followed that statement was immediate and resounding.
Hank carefully loaded a third sample of blood into the mass spectrometer, then sat back to await the results. Yes, he'd done this twice already, but this time he was searching for a different set of variable than the first two times.
Tony had disappeared again. If he was hiding in a corner somewhere, using the Extremis to hold a Stark Enterprises teleconference, Steve was going to physically haul him back to their room and tie him to the bed. He'd established only hours ago that the metal bed frame was very solid indeed, so it would take a long time for Tony to get himself loose.
"Carol," he said, and his voice sounded calmer than he'd expected it to be, given the way Tony was just standing there silently, "take him," Steve nodded at the man she was performing chest compression on, "down to the EMTs. They'll be able to do more for him than you can."
"I know," Wanda said, in a tight, choked voice, "but that doesn't bring them back. It doesn't make it any easier. I keep seeing it every time I close my eyes – the mansion burning, Vision being torn apart..." She trailed off, one hand pulling and twisting at the fabric of her jacket sleeve.
"Until something happens, or Strange figures out a way to get Chthon out of there. Can you feel anything? Any energy coming from the building?"
Tony gave him a long, direct look, suddenly seeming far more collected than he had a moment ago. "Have you?"
Steve groaned, one hand going up to cover his face. "How many times have they run the footage of my shield hitting the billboard?"
Hyde's head snapped back, and he crumpled to the ground, out like a light.
It would probably be a simple thing to get Extremis to interface with one of the Ant-Man helmets, creating a cybernetic version of the biological antennae Hank had never been able to convince his body to accept. Unfortunate that the failure rate for Extremis was so high.
They weren't even bad questions, except for the ones about Clint and Sam, who had both proven themselves dozens of times over and didn't deserve to have this kind of mud thrown at them, even by implication.
Steve nodded. "That's good," he said. "Thanks for-"
"We'll call you down to the lab if we need you," Hank said.
"Or you could try convincing some younger heroes to join you. I know Firestar hung up her cape, but she might be willing to help out now, especially since we've already got Vance on the project." Unless Vance's presence would be more of a deterrent, given that he and Angela had broken off their engagement ages ago. That didn't change the fact that Firestar would be good at teaching; she had always been level headed, and her struggles with her own powers would give her a good perspective on what some of the Initiative's new recruits were going through.
Sam was talking to one of the museum curators; by the hand gestures he was making, either fishing or baseball was involved. Or he was waving a hand in frustration as he tried to convey exactly how irritating it was that the Islamic Art gallery was shut down, but Steve didn't think so. The conversation looked friendly.
"But he's awake," Cap repeated.
Still lives were not one of his strengths, but then, that was what made them good practice.
It didn't feel real, yet. He still kept expecting to look in the mirror and see the female version of himself.
"Dying makes a man re-evaluate things. Tony's always been one of my closest friends, and as we began trying to work out our differences in order to stop Red Skull, Doom, and the Mandarin, and get Registration repealed, I realized that he had become much more than that."
The kiss the other night had been gentle, tentative. This was nothing like that.
"...should have been me," Don was saying to Tony. "Considering how much I owe you for that, you're pretty much entitled to free medical care forever."
For a SHIELD installation, the building was poorly guarded. Perhaps the research here was considered unimportant, or perhaps they arrogantly assumed that their pretense at being a subsidiary of General Electric would protect them from the likes of her.
All six-foot-two-inches of Steve were stretched out on the floor, his chin propped on one wrist as he stared under the couch — it was low enough to the floor that his arm only fit under it up to the elbow. It should have been funny, but the sounds of defensive fear coming from the cat made the hair on the back of Sam's neck stand up.
to kill himself then, which really wasn't a comforting thought at the moment.
People who weren't from New York always had an exaggerated impression of how dangerous it was — or how dangerous cities in general were. It was a toss-up whether the media liked scary inner-city gang violence or maniacal supervillains more in terms of depicting the city as a dangerous place full of sub-human criminals. Not to mention, "Where else are you going to get to work with a collection like that?"
If the information her man on the Helicarrier had sent her was correct, Doom's precious manuscript was inside there, under armed guard. If it was, her last remaining mole in SHIELD would have finally outlived his usefulness; Fury would probably dispose of him for her, saving her the necessity of eliminating loose ends.
His knees hit the floor hard. Matt was saying something, trying to pull the writhing Cloak of Levitation out of the way so that he could touch Strange's side again. "Leave the knife where it is," Strange snapped at him, as he struggled to release the power that was flaying his soul. Dark magic, even the powers of Dormammu and Satannish, was still rooted in a kind of order, still obeyed commands. This magic was unstable, dangerous; he had to release it, had to stop drawing on it before it destroyed him.
while he pushed Tony against the same work table Tony was standing against now.
The others had found them, then.  Hank must be back at the tower, glued to a monitor and storing up complaints about the fact that he'd been left behind.  Unless Doom had brought them along as sacrifices, in which case... maybe Hank had gone for help?
gone – Don and Hank glaring at one another in icy silence, or sniping nastily at each other, would only have made what was already going to be an excruciating conversation worse. Thor had made his feelings for Hank plain, and Tony as well, and Don not only tended to agree with the big guy, he was significantly bitchier as well. Obviously, the entire stock of sarcasm, spite, and passive aggressiveness that ought to have been split evenly between the two of them had all gone to Don Blake, with none left over for Thor.
"Old Latverian," Tony supplied.  Doom wouldn't use anything else, if he had a choice.
Convinced, it turned out, because that was the only appointment Sharon had mentioned to him. She obviously didn't want Steve to know that she hadn't slept with him of her own free will, and Tony couldn't blame her.
"How long do you want me to stay?" Tony's hair was still wet, as Steve watched, a drop of water fell from it onto his shoulder, and ran slowly down the lean muscles of his arm.
He concentrated on breathing in deeply through his nose, willing away the nausea, and then Hank was yanking at the other chain.  This one took longer to give, the bolts giving way one by one as the strain in Don's shoulder and arm worsened.
“The cathedral?” Jan blinked at her, knowing she looked and sounded stupid.  “What hap-  oh, the spear.  She wouldn’t have just strolled in and walked out with it.”
Steve thought for a moment that she might be looking for them, but as he stepped out of the shadows, she stiffened, her gaze locked on something on the far side of the room.
ooOOoo
"He didn't want to see anybody," Clint admitted. "He said he needed a little while to finish getting his head together."
As the police cars pulled away, Steve surveyed the wreckage of the Mansion's lawn and wriggled the fingers of his right hand as the numbness slowly faded from them. His shoulder was throbbing now, the heat of bruises already gathering under the skin.
This was all Clint's fault for refusing to drop the subject of Steve and sex in the first place. "I," Steve said, with slow dignity, "never slept with a soviet spy and nearly defected to Russia with her just because she was willing to let me touch her breasts."
No. Tony shook his head, and viciously deleted an email nagging him to set up an appointment to discuss his recent re-acquisition of his technology with SHIELD. If Fury wanted to come yell at him, let him track Tony down personally first.
Her hand was gentle on his arm, the burgundy paint on her fingernails bright against his white lab coat. Hank blinked hard, his eyes prickling with heat, and took a deep breath. Be calm, he told himself. He could handle this.
There were also three news vans, including, inevitably, one from channel five. Kristine Sullivan, a cameraman in tow, had cornered Sam and was holding a microphone in his face. "A video has recently surfaced on the internet wherein A.I.M. claims responsibility for this act of terrorism. Can you confirm or deny their involvement?"
"They're going to take anything I do as a sign of weakness," Tony said. "I can't win here, unless Strange can magically change me back before Saturday."
“How’s your leg?” He nodded at the gauze patch tapped over Carol’s thigh.  It looked odd, out of place with the torn costume she was still wearing.  Both her gloves were gone, and her right forearm was also wrapped in gauze – defensive wounds.  She’d thrown her arm up to block Loki’s knife.
Tony's body language stiffened up again as soon as he said Thor's name. "I already did," he said, ignoring the hoarse, creaky purr that now emanated from somewhere in the vicinity of his ankles. "Apologizing again won't change what we did." He sounded resigned, tired.
Wanda stared down at her hands, at the circular, symmetrical marks that now decorated the backs of them. They looked like tattoos, black as ink against her skin, but where fresh tattoos would have stung and throbbed, these were painless. It hadn't been painless when Strange and Wong had put them on, Wong drawing them on her skin with a brush and ink while Strange chanted an invocation to the Vishanti that had seemed to last for hours. His voice had risen to a crescendo at the end, and the drying ink on her skin had burned like acid for one terrible, endless moment, as Chthon's scream of wrath had echoed in her head, then cut off as abruptly as a door slamming.
"What is it?" Steve asked.
"Captain America and the Avengers brought in people from some mass poisoning on Wall Street." Receptionist guy grinned, rolling his chair back a foot or so and putting his hands behind his head. "Do you know he's, like, seven feet tall?"
Tony  smiled at him again -- not the smug, through-the-eyelashes one, but a  soft little smile that was funny to see on Tony Stark, billionaire  playboy -- and the band started playing another song.
"Damnit," Nick muttered. "I really want to believe she's just looney tunes. If she's not, this just got a whole lot worse."
He reeled back, eyes wide, and Carol snatched the gun out of his hands before he could recover.  She had a moment to notice small details — a stocky build, a gap between his front teeth, a combat knife strapped to his thigh — and then three more men and a woman came pelting around the corner behind him, guns out and ready.
If Steve's eyes had been closed, he wouldn't even have known this was Tony.
They'd been real to Wanda, though. And her children had seemed pretty real to Steve, when he had visited her and Vision. "That doesn't mean you didn't love them," he said. It was relatively useless as attempts at comfort went, but he couldn't simply say nothing.
The Avengers' living room was a much less convenient place from which to run an international business than Tony's office was. However, thanks to threats from Pepper and a combination of blackmail and bribery from Steve, Tony had agreed to work from home for the day.
"All right, people," Steve said, pushing himself to his feet with an effort. The knee he'd wrenched diving away from a laser blast gave a sharp, unhappy twinge at having weight resting on it again. "Game's over. Time for bed."
"If it helps," Peter offered, squinting at his new print-out of test results, "one of the ingredients is some kind of benzilate."
"Maybe?" Tony guessed. "I was busy."
Steve shook his head. "Let people say what they want. They will anyway."
It was probably wrong to feel relief.  "Thank you," she said — shouted really.  The chaos magic that surrounded them surged in a way that made her wards flare with heat, and Wanda pressed her forehead against the cold metal of Tony's chestplate.  "I'm sorry," she added.
Steve spun around, shield at the ready, to find Atlas stretched full length on the ground, out cold, with Sam sitting on his back. Zemo was standing stock still, covered in thick, ropey strands of Adhesive X; his rifle was completely coated in it and utterly useless. There were grass clippings all over him, stuck to the globs of adhesive. He looked like he'd been tarred and feathered.
Steve stared at him, feeling as frozen as he had when Tony had casually tossed back that glass of soda and revealed to the entire room that he, too, was interested in other men. Was Tony flirting with him? "I wasn't going to admit it," he said. "I'd never told anyone. But you drank first, and, well, I wasn't really thinking."
"Hello?" She turned in a slow circle, hands coming up, ready to defend herself. "Is anyone there?"
There were some things that apologies never seemed to work for.
"It was ages ago, and they're apparently both over it." Carol waved a hand dismissively. "Look, Clint found out a few things before he met up with us in DC, and you really need to ask him about them."
The fact that a relationship wasn't going to be permanent had never bothered Tony before. He generally preferred things that way, with no expectations and no strings attached. If everything with Indres had been real... but it hadn't, and that ought to have been enough to remind him, if he hadn't already known, that long-term commitment wasn't something people expected from him, or even wanted from him.
Had it been someone else in his uncomfortable sling-back, two-inch-heel shoes, Tony would have done the same thing.
There was a long silence, and Tony was about to pick up his welding torch and get to work again, and hope that Steve would take the hint and leave, when Steve spoke again.
"And he'd be right," Jan said, leaning her chin on one hand and looking up at Steve with a little smirk. "Which pizza place do you want me to call?"
"You need to get in closer," Steve told him. "It will keep me from using the fact that I have a longer reach against you."
"That's not true." Tony tipped his head back and stared up at Steve, squinting slightly. "I've done press conferences in much worse shape than this."
"Are you all right?" Steve was staring straight ahead, arms folded, every inch the stern and stalwart Captain America as he watched the Wrecking Crew being carted away - there were several news cameras focused on them all - but his eyes kept drifting sideways to Tony. "He swung that thing at you like he was trying to knock you out of the park. I thought you were going to go sailing right on through the nearest building."
"We're clear," Sam said, as the two of them ducked to one side.
“Yeah,” she said after a moment, and he could feel her arms come up to hug him back.  “I guess we did.”
Hank had insisted on bringing over the entire contents of his lab at Stark Tower himself, claiming that he didn't trust anyone else not to screw up the calibration of the equipment, drop his shiny new three-dimensional molecular modeling unit on the floor, or burn or poison themselves with his supplies. Tony hadn't argued, even when Hank had brusquely turned down his offer of help, as well as his offer to recalibrate the lasers in the modeling unit to produce a greater degree of precision; he could empathize with Hank's reluctance to let other people interfere with his equipment. He'd only enlisted Hank's aid in moving a few piece of his own workspace because there was no way to get the anti-gravity hoist for working on quinjet engines out of Stark Tower's basement
It was always nice to see that people had their priorities straight.
"I just did."
"Oh," Clint said, not bothering to hide the fact that he hadn't followed that. "So, what the hell is up with your eyes?"
"I already apologized," he snapped, ignoring Jan's immediate, sharp,
"Hmm," Tony said, the bulk of his attention already back on whatever he was doing with the laptop and tablet he had set up on the coffee table. On the screen, computerized wire drawings expanded, rotated through 360 degrees, and were minimized again, while his little plastic stylus flashed over the tablet's surface. He never actually looked at the screen, eyes focused on something invisible in the middle distance, probably the schematics in his head. Steve wasn't sure how much of that was the Extremis, and how much was just Tony's ability to design things in his head.
Wanda opened her eyes, and leveled the head of the spear at Sin - at Chthon.   With this much chaos magic filling her, she could see the writhing tentacles of magic that engulfed Sin's body more clearly than she could see the woman herself.
It wasn't fair; this was his second chance, this was
Hank might not have wanted him, but Hank didn't notice that women other than Jan existed. He never had.
in tones that would once have been an annoyed snarl and now were usually just resigned, but there were times when they had to stop tiptoeing around the truth. And the truth was that all of them had the potential to be incredibly dangerous under the wrong circumstances. It wasn't as if having to keep a watchful eye on a teammate was a new concept.
Tony frowned. Computers and other electronics tended to be temperamental around some varieties of energy mutant, as well as most people who used magic, but he'd never been convinced that there wasn't some way to predict, control, and use Wanda's effect on computing equipment. "I still think we could find a way to tap into that if I could design a system flexible enough."
There was a moment of silence, and then Clint said, softly, "I don't really remember most of what I was doing."
"Call SHIELD," Steve said, then remembered to moderate his voice into something that was less obviously an order as one of the two male police officers — white, with thinning hair and a police sergeant's insignia — glared at him. "The weapon used to stab the security guard belongs to a woman on SHIELD's terrorist watch list."
The high altar glowed with power to his otherworldly senses, the chaos energy that saturated the spear emanating up through the stones that covered it. That much had not changed since the last time he had stood here and gazed upon this place.
Steve frowned at him. "What offer?"
Calling the police, as it turned out, wasn't necessary. They arrived on the scene only moments later, sirens quiet but lights on, arrested the driver, and began taking witness statements. Apparently, the driver had been fleeing from the scene of the crime after robbing a drug store on 8th avenue.
Steve couldn't help smiling at that. Of course there was an engineering-related reason Tony liked them. "Art can be a powerful political tool," he pointed out, steering Tony around a group of tourists who were standing in an amorphous huddle in the middle of the hallway. By the slant of the light coming in through the windows, it was already past noon, and early afternoon on a Saturday seemed to be most people's favorite time to visit museums; the building wasn't exactly crowded, but there was a steady stream of people milling around. Steve had been in here before, on weekdays, and seen nobody but a few security guards, and a scattering of art students from Cooper Union.
The hand on his shoulder made him jump, his hammer landing at the wrong angle and skidding along the surface of the super-heated breastplate with a grinding sound and a shower of sparks.
He'd never cared about Tony's numerous exes one way or the other before they had started sleeping together, beyond a general envy that they got to have sex with Tony and he didn't. Thinking of them now made him want to back Tony against the wall and kiss him, take him to bed and erase every trace of his former lovers from his body.
Thirty blocks to the south, something extremely large and possessed of a lot of tentacles had crawled out of the Hudson River and begun attacking lower Manhattan. Steve, Thor, and Wanda had managed to hold it off while the rest of the Avengers pulled construction workers and a handful of building staff and early move-ins out of the upper stories of the condo, but even now that Sam had flown south to join them, they were still having no success at driving it back into the river. The sooner they could get this place stable and leave the rest of the clean-up to the city, the better.
Of course he did.
"No."  Sam shook his head, wincing faintly again at the motion.  There was a goose-egg already rising on his forehead, and his costume was smeared with dust and spattered liberally with blood.  "She and her snake-Nazi goons all vanished.  They took Jan and Hank with them.  I tried to stop them, but there were too many of them.  We tried to call for help, but nobody answered."  He waved at Tony with the hand not gripping the door frame.  "Did they knock all of you out?  Is that why you didn't respond over the comm?"
Steve shook his head, and tugged his wrist away.  "I'm fine.  You should get some rest."  He started to turn away, then, abruptly, swung back and bent down to kiss Tony.
"It was really Don Blake, and he looked fine to me." Clint thought for a moment. "I think he's gotten bitchier, though. I guess being dead changes you."
And it was better than being grilled by the government and the media. Thank God they'd only needed Tony this time; Hank had made more than enough public, detailed confessions of all his sins for one lifetime. Trials, Avengers' court-martials, congressional hearings -- they were all the same, really, exercises in trying to justify yourself to groups of people who were all silently judging you.
"No." Tony shook his head. "Don't tell anyone on the East Coast. I don't want them to-"
Steve rolled over, propping himself up on his elbow, and looked at Tony. It was the middle of the night, and not much light filtered in through the bedroom window, but there was sufficient illumination for Steve to make out the way Tony's eyebrows were drawn together into a thin, unhappy line.
"It's evil and poisonous and has an antidote," Hank crowed. "Of course," his face fell almost immediately, "I don't know how physostigmine will interact with the other elements in this."
She shuddered, the thought of the hours –
"I don't think she even knows she has powers anymore," Clint protested. It sounded like the lame excuse it was, since Omega-level mutants who didn't know how to use their powers were probably more even dangerous than Omega level mutants who did.
"I'd like to think this past month has proven that public safety can be better protected without the Registration Act as it stood," Tony said smoothly. "It should be obvious by now that this country's superheroes can perform their jobs better when they're not being micromanaged."
Sometimes it even worked. Maybe this would be one of those times – maybe Thor would eventually come around as Tony proved to him that his apology hadn't just been empty words.
"We  could always go home, and I could put the shirt with the oil stains  back on," Tony said, glancing over to give Steve a suggestive smile.
Had it been with Hank, or even before that? Wanda and Vision had broken up, Hank and Tony had both fallen apart, half Steve's teammates had taken off for the West Coast to start a new team, which was a useful and important thing to do, but he missed the days when everyone had been a together in New York, almost like a family.
Loki's eyes narrowed. "No, that was you," she said sharply.  "You chose to work with her in the first place.  Now my spear is destroyed,
He didn't sound crazy, not exactly, but he didn't sound anywhere near rational, either.
Wanda nodded. "We don't discuss that often. I think he prefers to avoid the subject even more than I do." Despite her recent successes with controlling her power, she still didn't feel ready to discuss her greatest failure with him. Probably she never would be.
Apparently, sparring was now also foreplay.
Thor wasn't the one who had to try and get Hank out of bed in the morning. Steve either.
"Man, I'm so sorry this happened to you guys. I know how much this sucks. Or, I don't know how much this exact thing sucks, but I know how awful it is to have the biggest secret of your life in the headlines. People are going to freak. Seriously, you have no idea how weird people are going to act around you, sometimes ones you don't expect."
"Ah." Peter nodded sagely. "And like all things the government produced during Vietnam, it's evil and poisonous."
Steve had just gotten up to swap the icepack out for one that wasn't starting to melt when the very last person he wanted to see appeared in the kitchen doorway.
His shielding held for one endless fraction of a moment while all the armor's alerts flared red, then shorted out under the onslaught, and everything went red and white.
"There have been three mugging on this block in the past week, and two fights," Matt said softly, his voice pitched low enough that even without Strange's power masking it, the man praying a few dozen feet away wouldn't have heard. "This isn't exactly a brilliant neighborhood, but even for here, that's unusual. One of the parishioners actually threw a punch at me after mass this Sunday. People don't do that when I'm out of costume. Nobody wants to hit the blind guy."
Steve grimaced. "Nice surprise for the emergency personnel when they arrived on the scene. They shouldn't have to worry about that kind of thing." It was difficult enough being a firefighter or police officer in New York City without terrorist organizations trying to poison you, and men and woman who risked their lives to serve the public good deserved better.
This felt empty, somehow.  Sin hadn’t even been herself anymore when she’d died.
Hank was physically back to normal, supposedly, but his personality had been reset to mopey bitch scientist from hell and he’d barely left his and Jan’s room, and Clint was just fine letting him hibernate there.  Tony had finally come home from the Helicarrier’s medical bay yesterday, and wasn’t up for anything but lying in bed and running his entire business empire over the internet.  According to Barnes, the Helicarrier’s doctors had only let him go because he’d been all but attempting to run SE from a hospital bed, along with half of SHIELD for good measure, and they’d kicked him out before Maria Hill could kill him.
"Although... I could feel Wanda's power, when she threw hex spheres, and when she created that spell circle at Mount Rushmore. Maybe Chthon is hiding."
"I won't." Tony waved off her concern and turned back to Hill. "Call the Avengers Mansion. Steve promised you guys our help if you needed it, and he needs to know about this immediately. I'm going to talk to Dr. Deodato, and then I'm going back to Stark Enterprises." At least he could still do his job there without somehow hurting or breaking himself.
"Very good," Strange's voice seemed to come out of nowhere, and Wanda started, opening her eyes, the light from the crystal fading away as she did so.
Daredevil was territorial about Hell's Kitchen — the fact that he was accepting help in patrolling the area was not a reassuring sign.
"Yeah, Steve," Tony said, before the silence could stretch long enough to be telling. "You're a lousy date. Rumiko would have brought champagne without even thinking about it." She would only have brought it for herself, though – the very first time they had gone on a date, she had brought two bottles with her, red wine for herself, and sparkling cider for him. The fact that he hadn't even had to ask that she not offer him alcohol had been one of the things that had made Tony love her, even though it had also made him want to cringe over how
They probably looked ridiculous, lurching down the hallway like a pair of walking wounded, but no one else was awake to see them. When they reached Tony's bedroom, Tony made a faint, amused sound, and said,
It was the first public appearance either of them had made outside of an Avengers-related press conference in three weeks, Steve reminded himself, the first one since Times Square.  He should have expected it.  He
"Well, yeah, but that's not the point," Steve was saying, just as Tony said,
Sin looked at him with cold, flat eyes. "Yes, I remember your stupid spear." She took a step closer to him, leaning up on tiptoe to press the point of one of her snake-handled daggers against his mask. There was a small, scraping sound as metal dragged against metal. "Don't underestimate me, Victor. Daddy thinks you're trying to manipulate us. I don't care, as long as I get to make Barnes and Rogers and the others pay for what they did to him, but
"You're right." Tony ran one hand up Steve's thigh and hooked the other into the front of his jeans. "All Stark Enterprises products are tested to destruction."
Steve almost didn't hear Thor's shout.  The small, dark interior of the vault suddenly seemed almost suffocating, Doom looming in front of him surrounded by shadows, and the air was suddenly too thick to breathe, reeking of incense and blood.  There had been a dead man in the corner, hanging from the ceiling like an animal in a slaughterhouse.  He'd forgotten that.  How could he have forgotten?
Thor opened the door and found himself at the threshold of a darkened room, all lights extinguished and the sunlight reduced to a dim shadow of itself by tinted glass. Tony was seated behind his desk, his back to the darkened windows, head buried in his hands.
It was a direct insult — implying that Thor would stoop to torture over such things — and doubtless an intentional one. Tony was trying to get him to leave.
Tony wouldn't have traded away the outcome of Steve's reaction for anything, but still... On the other hand, it had made his crying-and-hallucinating experience last month marginally less humiliating, since whatever he'd said or done under the influence of A.I.M.'s toxin probably wasn't anything Steve hadn't seen before.
It was not often that Doom found himself matched for sheer physical and magical power, though both circumstances were far more common than his being matched in intellect. Even so, if Loki thought something as childish as looming over him would secure her a psychological advantage, she was an even greater fool than he had previously assumed.
Still, watching the security cameras as the rest of the team strode triumphantly into the lobby of Stark Tower, he couldn't help thinking that it would have been awfully fun to punch Sean Maddigan in the face a couple of times. Carefully, while making sure not to crack his faceplate and release unknown chemicals into the atmosphere.
"Wait," Steve interrupted, "are you breaking things off with me, or are you afraid I want to break things off with you because you think I'm afraid to out myself?"
Don would know what it was for, but he wasn't about to ask him what was wrong with Tony in front of Jarvis. The old guy had been through enough lately, with May's coma and physical therapy; he didn't need to worry about Tony on top of that, especially if it was just something normal and everyday like cold medication.
Don shoved the thought aside as the elevator came to a halt. He might as well wish for the ability to raise the dead, while he was at it. Asgardian cosmology wasn't as forgiving as some.
she said, which cued another round of distracting babble from Hank, mostly speculation about what role the pollutants still layered in with the Hudson River mud had played in the creature's creation.
Hank turned back to his blood samples, and started muttering to himself. Peter guessed that meant he was dismissed.
Flirting with one's co-workers and subordinates was one thing. Actually touching them crossed the line from harmless fun into outright harassment.
Nick gave him a flat look. "Yeah, but why now? And why bother with those men when it's the people right here in this room that she wants? Little Miss Crazy's always been the impulsive type. These attacks are targeted, planned. Without Daddy to hold her leash, who's givin' her orders?"
And the old Spidey luck was working true to form. He might still be mad at Tony, but that didn't mean he wanted him to be poisoned.
It had gotten him killed once already — Steve, Clint, Tony... her non-powered teammates were frighteningly breakable in some ways.
"At least you don't have to keep it classified anymore." Making the students cover up the death of one of their classmates had been one more thing Hank had hated having to do.
"I'll do that," the building manager said hurriedly. He was obviously desperate for an excuse to get out of the building, but Sam couldn't really blame him under the circumstances. "It's such a relief to have you people back."
"You're right," she said. "We didn't notice that anything was wrong until it was too late. This time we already know you're compromised. This time, if anything happens, it will be our fault for letting our guard down."
Sin kicked a dead woman's arm out of her path, wrinkling her nose at the smear of blood the
"No, I'm listening," Tony said absently. He rubbed at his forehead with one hand, reaching for a tablet with the other. "You should sue them."
"Sometimes you have to get your hands dirty for the greater good," Barnes said. He pulled off his left glove and rested his forehead against the silver metal of his left palm.
"Well, yes, but-" Steve spluttered. When Tony put it that way, it made him sound like some kind of killing machine.
He probably hadn't wanted her to hear that conversation, she reflected. It couldn't have been easy for him to admit his fears of losing control again to Steve and Tony in the first place, let alone with her watching. "It wasn't the costume that was the problem, Hank," she said, faintly surprised at how gentle her voice sounded. "You know that."
"Because a couple of months ago, you and Tony were barely even talking to each other, and now you're getting married," Sam said, and kicked Steve's foot out from under him, releasing his ankle just in time to let him fall flat on his back. "And that's not even touching the part where he started out as a guy."
"You had enough to deal with," Steve said, feeling obscurely guilty. He'd thought of calling Tony, but couldn't bring himself to do it, hadn't wanted to be reminded of the destruction of his team at that point. "Your house had just burned down. And Rumiko…" he let the sentence trail off, not sure how to finish it. Rumiko and Tony had dated on and off for a couple of years; he wasn't sure if they'd been together when she had died, but it would have hurt Tony regardless. Tony hadn't needed the burden of Steve's problems on top of his own.
Tony laughed, and let Steve drag him out of the room.
Steve was going to have to do something about that, eventually, before the team's performance in the field suffered for it. He wasn't looking forward to it.
After a moment, he disentangled himself from the bedding and went after Tony.
"Loki despises us all utterly and is naturally aligned with Chaos," Thor rumbled. "There is nothing to stay her from deciding to help Chthon instead with the intent of turning upon
Tony was silent for a moment, his face invisible behind his helmet.  "If he does," he finally said, voice more stilted and mechanical than the armor's voice filters would account for, "I'll keep my promise."
"It wasn't her fault." Clint sounded almost defensive. "I'm lucky she was willing to forgive me."
"I've been on the cover of that, too. And in Esquire," Tony rambled. Steve was strongly tempted to just tell him to go to bed, that the rest of them would handle the press conference. If he suggested it, though, Tony would almost certainly refuse. "Supposedly, it was an article on business," Tony went on, "but I always did suspect them of ulterior motives. They kept asking me to pose with my shirt unbuttoned."
It was nice to have teammates around who hadn't had a front seat view of or a personal stake in the registration disaster.
Steve nodded.  He ought to have expected that.  But even if Chthon’s power hadn’t been killing her, she would never have survived the injuries they had inflicted on her.  A normal human would have been dead long before she reached Times Square, from the beating she’d taken from Luke’s team, and no one could have survived Tony’s repulsor blast.
The boy was nearly folded in half, his chest rested von his thighs, his head was pressed between his knees and he shook like a leaf.
“That was not what I wanted to say, I swear!”, was Tony’s way of apologizing.
“They are going to hear it anyway.”, said Bucky while pointing his head to the rest of the hero’s sitting behind them, and it was true, everybody should know about Tony, they were his family.
Five years full of nightmares about that golden gauntlet, of the Snap and the way their friends and loved ones turned to dust.
“Why would I?”
What happened after that was a blur, Steve was asked to help and ripped Tony’s armour nearly to shreds for the purpose of exposing all his injury’s.
“It is just e precaution. I do not intend to use it.”
And that sentence made one appear, for the first time this night, Tony´s real smiles were shy but oh so beautiful.
“Sure! Everything from alcohol, to drugs to sex. And if I remember correctly, he even told me he had organized orgys before he met me. So yeah, he knows how to party. But still, I think it is too much, especially because he, pardon my French, has probably f***** the whole city at this point.”
This was just what Tony did, he wanted to act tough, but he really wasn’t.
It was only hours after Tony´s funeral.
He would prevent the consequences of that betrayal, Tony would not get hurt, but that didn’t change anything about Stane lying to Tony all these years.
Now Steve was thinking about not only paying Stone a visit but murdering him in the process.
Steve dragged Stone out of the Office by his collar and got him to the entrance hall in mere minutes, the former soldier had to check his temper, or he would seriously injure this guy, not that he didn’t deserve it.
If Stone would make one wrong move, Steve would do more than just escort him, he would give him a good reason to never go near to Tony ever again.
But thankfully there was no more drama, just some people trying to get something from Tony by being overly nice.
“Language.”, whispered the brown haired, sweat made his face shiny but he somehow managed to smile.
Maybe it was because he was in full Captain America regalia or because of the way Tony looked in his arms, but it didn’t take long before nurses came running with a stretcher to carry the genius into surgery.
“I want to watch a movie.”, decided the genius and turned on the TV in front of them.
There were no big parties, he didn’t bring home women every night, Tony was spending most of his time in his workshop if he didn’t have important meetings.
“Thank you for telling me.”, said Steve softly, he saw how Tony became tense after finishing, like he expected Steve to jump up and leave him for that.
The woman took him to a big empty office, in the middle was an expensive looking table with one leather chain and two plastic chairs on the other side.
The genius was hesitant to return the hug at first, but after some time he started to cling to Steve like he was his lifeline.
Tony knew he was talking the Pepper and the smile that appeared on his lips was really sweet, he was obviously happy to know that there were people who cared about him.
That seemed to satisfy the genius and it was nothing but the truth, he obviously wanted Tony to be comfortable around him, but after meeting Tiberius Stone and Stane, there was no way he would trust somebody else with Tony’s life.
The thing was, now he had already changed the past, so everything would be different and knowing how Tony´s life was in the other Universe did nothing for Steve here.
The doctor looked like he wanted to argue, before he sighed.
Steve straightened Tony´s tie and ran his fingers under his collar innocently, he enjoined the way the genius became shy every time Steve touched him.
The man to step first into the office was non-other than Obadiah Stane, Steve only remembered his face from various news article he found in Tony´s Shield files.
The suit was black but looked like it was painted on.
“How long will this take?”, asks Sam the minute Steve disappeared, he prayed to god that his friend would not do anything stupid.
His heart had started to beat faster when he laid eyes on Bucky and saw Sam fly over their heads, but there was no time for the warm reunion Steve had dreamed about all these years.
As his bodyguard Steve had a whole closet full of clothes for every circumstance, the suit was grey, and the jacket hid the weapon strapped to Steve´s upper body.
The man became the closest thing to a farther that Tony had after Howard died, so obviously he behaved that way.
“I´m sure watching you work will be interesting.”, said Steve kindly and smiled as Tony looked surprised but pleased.
He knew that Tony had the potential to fall in love with him, that was one of the topics they talked about after Tony came back from Titan, it took them some time to be friends again after everything that had happened.
“Can I speak with you in private?”
It took him some time to find the place and the time he needed to be, but in the end it all worked out fine.
“Its just one appointment, we are going to discuss what he wants and that’s it”
“Mr. Barker, what a pleasure to meet you.”, that sounded as dishonest as it gets.
“Ok, I think that was enough, I stayed here long enough and shook enough hands for one night.”
They continued to joke like that for the whole evening, but the later it got, the more serious did their topics become, not that they didn’t have fun.
But truth to be told, Steve was sure the genius would look breath-taking in anything.
“Even if it gets messy, I will handle the guy, he will not hurt you.”
“Yeah, whatever.”, was everything Tiberius said before his attention was back on Tony.
Steve had made it his job to see to it that the genius was really going into his apartment and not to the workshop, Tony needed to sleep.
“Hard not to when I know what an honest smile looks like on your face.”
He was so beautiful that it hurt to look at him.
Steve knew that all their lives depended on Tony, but he couldn’t keep himself from running forward and begging him to stop.
Steve needed to thank Rhodey, he had probably saved Tonys life.
Steve pressed a kiss to Tony’s forehead as he hooked his arm under his knees and under his shoulders, the smaller man’s breathing was shallow and his eyes were gazed over, he wasn’t responsive anymore.
“He is not always right. When it comes to this he thinks more about the company and less about your wellbeing. I don’t want you to risk your health this lightly for something that is not strictly necessary.”, made the blond clear.
“He is stable, but we had to amputate the arm at the shoulder. The worst is over, he will live.”
Steve smiled back before he took a step forward, so that he invaded Tony’s personal space.
“You don’t have to be sneaky about wanting affection. I will give it freely whenever you want.”, said Steve, he was not sure if this was maybe a bit to early, but it was painfully obvious how touch-starved the genius was and how much he needed affection.
“Be here at Monday sharp, you will get one of the apartments upstairs, I literally live in my workshop, so you only need to be here.”, smirked the young man and Steve had to keep himself from just pulling him into a hug.
The kiss Steve pressed into Tony’s neck was open mouthed and way more intimate than normally, they haven’t gotten that far at all, they just started cuddling today, but Steve just had to, sometimes it was hard for him to supress his urges towards the genius.
But he had his reactions under control and followed Tony dutifully.
“But you don’t need them to tell you that you look beautiful, you already know that.”, said the blond, he had to be careful, he didn’t want to dome on to strong, but after these couple of weeks, he knew how far he could go, before Tony turned suspicious.
“That’s good. I just need to take a shower and then I’m good to go.”, smiled the genius and made his way to the elevator before stopping.
The year was 1995 and Steve was on his way to a job interview in Manhattan, there was not way around working if he wanted to pay rent and be able to buy food, even if you are a superhero.
“I love you so much, I thought you… I thought-”, sobbed Steve and pressed a wet kiss to Tony’s head, while stroking his hair.
Tony´s reaction to Steve´s staring was grinning and after that he winked.
“He needs to rest…”, said the man but he went quiet after a dark look from Bucky, he was adamant to get Steve into Tony’s room, because he knew that was what they both needed.
“You don’t even know if he lies. Maybe it’s all true, maybe I’m exactly the whore he tries to paint me as.”
“You’re a sap.”, whispered Tony, but grabbed Steve’s hand at the same time.
“Don’t listen to him. I know what you’re thinking right now, but you needed the brake, you are not the only one running the company and taking one day off will not ruin it.”
Tony said he should dress casually, he didn’t say anything about not being armed, Steve was paranoid after everything that happened, going out without a weapon seemed like the dumbest thing to him these days.
Steve nodded, if Tony really wanted to tell him, he would listen, but he was pretty sure that he would hate Stone even more after hearing the whole story.
“Next time I’m hungry you can show my what casual means for you, deal?”
Steve’s attention was now completely on Tony and he loved how he looked up at him with his chocolate brown eyes and there was nothing but trust in them.
He had done so much for his Universe, he fought in so many wars and lost way too many friends, this was his turn to have a happy life…
It unnerved him that there were so many people, there was no way that he would have full control over the situation at any time.
That’s why he jerked away when he felt a hand on his shoulder, but the hand just squeezed and stayed where it was.
And the risk was worth it as he saw a slight blush appear on the cheeks of the genius and for the smile that Tony could not supress.
Not that there were not close before that, but after it happened the genius seemed to be around Steve a lot more, he trusted him, and he leaned on him for support more often.
This was an issue that was not new to Tony, at least that was Steve’s assumption, the genius grew up as Howard Starks son, the heir to the Stark fortune, having fake people around you seemed to be a package deal.
Tony was not Iron Man in this universe, but he still hid behind armour, even if you could not see it.
“Tell me if I can help you in any way.”, said Steve, the blond had already made up his mind, he would pay Stone a visit as soon as possible, he told him to stay away from Tony.
Steve would have loved to just throw him over his shoulder and carry him home, were he was safe and looked way happier.
“Tony, my boy!”
Steve let him go and took a step back.
Just because Steve had a large amount of self-control meant that he was able to keep his tears back, but he was still staring, and both men seemed to notice.
His plan was to make Tony fall for him as quick as possible and he would succeed, there was no question about that, this was what he waited for his whole life, a quiet perfect life with the person he loved most in the world.
But he wasn’t allowed to stay, they pushed him into the waiting area and he allowed it.
“No, you listen! I don’t want to talk, ever. I want you to leave me alone and this is the last time I will ask nicely.”, growled Tony quietly.
There was now sorrow in his brown eyes, only life and the cheekiness that was purely Tony, he looked so much happier and carefree.
“What is the plan for today?”, asked Steve to get their conversation back in safer territory, not that he didn’t enjoy flirting with Tony, but he had a job to fulfil and he wanted to be more than an affair to the genius.
Tony’s was pretty grumpy after that, but it was worth it, because he didn’t get not enough sleep as it was.
“I knew that uniform would look lovely on you, let me guess, you were a quarterback in high school?”, was the first words Tony said to him on his first day of work.
He looked so good, his hair was perfectly styled, he was obviously way younger, if Steve hadn’t made a mistake, he was 25 years old.
“Just be polite and give them a smile here and there, I will make sure nobody is coming to close.”
“I just hope this is not going to get messy.”, whispered the younger man.
The situation was tense and felt like a goodbye, Sam still trusted Steve, that was the only reason he didn’t stop Bruce from sending Cap back in time.
“You think he will leave you alone now?”, asked Steve, after all that was the whole purpose for this whole situation.
“Way to kill the mood, Stark.”, rumbled the blond and took a deep breath, now this really was not the reaction he was hoping for.
The genius hesitated for a second before he placed his hand on top of Steve’s, which was resting on the table.
“And there were enough fake smiles.”, added Steve which made Tony look surprised but also a bit pleased.
Steve prayed to every God that it was just the shock and that Tony wasn’t on the verge of dying.
Tony stopped there to take a breath.
“And I am Iron Man.”, growled the Genius before he snapped his fingers.
He enjoyed the view and so did his midsection, he had to rearrange himself as inconspicuous as possible, because otherwise this evening would be really awkward.
“Ok, I will get him scheduled, but if he does one wrong move, I want him out immediately.”, said Pepper, the first part of the sentence was addressed to Tony, but when she came to the last part, she turned her attention to Steve.
It was extraordinary how much Tony already trusted him, extraordinary but also frightening, because he was that trusting to everyone.
“We really should.”
“You think this is a good idea? He´s been acting strange all morning.”, whispered Sam to Bucky, who stood right next to him, his eyes trained on Steve.
“No! I want to explain!”, shrieked the guy and tried to jump over the table like the madman he was, in an attempt to get to the genius.
“I will not talk with you about that, you lied to my assistant about your intentions for this interview and you started talking about this even though you know I don’t want you to! I have to ask you to leave, now.”
“But if you let him rest, I think it will be ok.”
And only a blind couldn’t tell that the genius was touch starved, he turned into a purring kitten the second Steve touched him.
Steve couldn’t hold back, he hugged Tony to his chest, careful of his injuries.
His start in this universe was not all Superhero-like, he had to ‘burrow’ the suit he was now wearing, he would return it as soon as he had the job.
“Tonight, was great, really.”, said Steve softly after Tony told the waitress that they wanted to pay.
“I’m your bodyguard not your cook.”, countered the blond and raised an eyebrow, Tony was still hard to read for him, the genius was so different but somehow still the same in this universe.
It was obvious that he tried to hide the fact that he was crying but he couldn’t supress his sobs.
“I will see to it that everybody knows about him, he is not allowed into any Stark Industries building in the near future, I will assure you.”, said Pepper while texting furiously on her phone.
“I wish you would not only say that but mean it. We both that you almost never sleep. I will see you tomorrow.”
“You could always come in, you know?”, whispered Tony shyly, and Steve hated that he had to reject that offer.
“I´m just going to tinker a bit and there a new design´s I have to test for Obie. Nothing interesting tough, you don’t have to be here for that.”
Steve knew that he was really protective about Tony, but as long as the genius was ok with it, he wouldn’t change, and it was his job after all.
“Are you with Tony?”, was the first question she asked, and she sounded worried.
He was shaking a bit.
That small gesture, of rubbing over his eyes, made Steve want to strangle Stone, he was not worth any of Tony’s emotions, that bastard didn’t deserve tears from the genius.
“Deal.”, said the genius, before Pepper left, she seemed frustrated with the whole situation and Steve couldn’t blame her, she just wanted to protect Tony.
“Follow me.”
“Didn’t think talking about Obie would get you all hot and bothered.”, joked the genius and the reaction was immediate.
Steve decided to let him pout until he got it out of his system, so he had stayed silent during Tony’s display of displeasure.
But still, if you were able to look behind Stane´s facade, you had the urge to grab Tony by the shoulders and give him a good shake.
He kissed Tony’s cheek, before leaving the stunned genius to his own thoughts.
The blond turned his hand so that their hands were palm to palm, it was very intimate even tough they were just touching each other’s hand.
And the blond found that quite alarming, because he saw how easy Tony fell into it and if he hadn’t travelled back in time, it would have been very easy for the wrong person to win Tony’s trust.
“You´re my knight in shining armour, aren’t you?”, mocked the genius, without real heat, there was a hopeful truth behind his words.
This sweet shy version of Tony was totally becoming his favourite. he loved that Tony was fierce.
“Ok… I met Tiberius at college. I lived in the dorm together with my best friend Rhodey, Colonel James Rhodes, you will probably meet him someday. And Rhodey was like a big brother, really protective of me, because I was young when I started college. I was 17 at the time I met Tiberius.”
“The thing is, I don’t even like those kinds of events. People are just telling you what you want to hear because they want your money. You never know they compliment you because they mean it or because they want me to transfer them enough money to start a new project.”
Nobody said a thing, because no one could say if Tony would live trough this, they had to wait for the doctors to tell them if he would make it.
He met Pepper a couple of days into his job, so that stayed the same at least, but one of the major differences was that Tony was a bit on the wild side, but nothing near what he had heard about his past.
Flirting with Tony became second nature to Steve, it was just so easy, and it made him happy to see the reactions.
“Thank god. Thank you so much, can I see him?”
“Is that so?”, purred Tony and took a sip of his coffee.
“Can you elaborate on that? What happens at these private parties?”
When the day came, Steve was stressed about the whole situation, but he tried to be calm for Tony, the genius was already anxious enough.
The display shattered as Steve threw the remote into it with enough force that the wall behind the TV trembled under the force.
“Mr. Stane, Mr. Stark, the pleasure is all mine.”, Steve tried to be as polite as possible, but this was not his area, he never understood how Tony could handle all those bootlickers.
This Tony was never hurt bad enough to be this paranoid.
“Thank you.”, mumbled the blond.
“I’m glad.”
“I will gladly escort him from the premise if it comes to that.”, said Steve almost gleeful.
“Come on Loverboy, or I’m going to starve.”
Which made Steve angry, it had taken a lot of work and persuasion on Steve’s and Pepper’s side to even get Tony this far.
“Mr. Stone, take a seat.”, said Tony as politely as possible while being as distanced as possible.
Because Steve had literally nothing in this universe moving was not a big deal, he had the weekend to figure everything out with his new apartment at the top of the Stark industries building, before he had to start working at Monday.
Hey guys! I hope you enjoy this chapter ;))
So, either Steve had changed this universe so much already or what he knew about Tony´s past wasn’t even true.
Pepper was the one to lead Stone into Tony’s office, the same office where Steve had his job interviews all these weeks ago.
Rhodey, who had been starring at his best friend’s face, turned to look at Steve, his eyes were wide and needed some time to understand what Steve had said.
But he was not the one that caused that reaction from the blond, it was who followed the big bald man.
This was one of those moments where Steve was reminded of how young Tony was, he hadn’t really seen the horrors this world had to offer.
He didn’t visit, thank god for that, but he called Tony even tough they were in the same building, and it was subtle but Stane’s displeasure about Tony taking a day off was didn’t go unnoticed by Steve nor the genius himself.
“I think I should tell you about Tiberius, I want you to know the whole story.”
“I can’t. I want to do this right.”, admitted the blond and expected the genius to be sad or hurt, but his face lit up instead and he smiled brightly.
“I was young, and he was also the heir to a big company, so we bonded over that. Talked about our fathers about our lives and because I really desperately needed someone at that time, especially because Rhodey left for the military, we became a thing. It was not like love at first sight or anything, but I liked him, and he was there…”
The fight was brutal, the smell of blood was overpowering, you could practically taste it on your tongue.
But one thing stayed the same, Obadiah Stane was the biggest jerk Steve had ever met.
The genius sat on his couch, but he was leaned over, with his one hand gripping his knee and the other cramped around the remote.
Steve got back to his apartment and changed into casual clothes, a blue jean and a grey hoodie, Tony said something about pizza, so he would be underdressed hopefully.
“I agree.”, grumbled Steve, who leaned on the wall next to the door of Tony’s workshop.
The genius was not satisfied with that answer, but he seemed to understand that that was not up to negotiation.
“We are going to talk about business, right? At least that what you told Pepper.”
Captain America took the last steps up the platform.
“Thank god… Listen I will not be able to come see him today, I need to deal with this asap. And I will try to keep Obadiah out of the picture as long as I can.”
The genius had a lot of work to do and most of the meetings he was supposed to attend got cancel by him in the last minute, it was obvious that he didn’t like that part about his job, working in the workshop was what he loved.
“I need to get him to a hospital.”
“Tony, this is a bad idea, we both now that Stone means trouble.”, said a concerned Pepper, while holding a clipboard to her chest.
“Nice to meet you.”
Sadly, the day was over way too early and Steve got back into his apartment to sleep, even tough Tony was not so happy about him leaving, but as he had already said he wanted to take it slow, do it right.
Steve wrapped his arms around the smaller man and buried his head in Tony’s soft hair, since their ‘date’ they were way more comfortable with touching each other.
“So, you noticed?”
“I’m with him.”
Pepper was already with the genius when the blond arrived, Tony didn’t seem bothered, but Steve knew he was.
Steve took a seat in front of the desk and tried to calm his racing heart, his hands were sweaty, and he tugged at the tie around his neck, because all of a sudden it felt way to tight.
The one thing that was positive about the whole Stone debacle was that it brought Steve and Tony closer together.
He knocked, but after no one answered and because Steve was able to hear the TV, he entered.
“I need help! Please!”, that was supposed to sound commanding, but his voice cracked and the ‘please’ at the end sounded breathless.
“We should go if we want to be there on time.”, whispered the blond, his intentions were to make Tony fall in love with him and he never said that he would play fair.
Tiberius Stone was adamant to get an appointment with Tony, for business purposes, but Pepper was not convinced.
Steve wrapped his arms around him and hugged him tight to his chest, Tony resisted only for a second before he leaned into the bigger man and relaxed.
“Tony…”, whimpered Steve and felt how his eyes got wet once again.
“Should we eat something? It’s getting late. I could cook something for us.”
“Ready.”
“You are a good person and he is not. I am happy that you were able to escape that situation.”, was all he said, before he pulled Tony into a tight hug.
This was an issue that Steve had already noticed a couple of weeks ago, Tony seemed to be uneasy around him because of the fact that he was paying Steve.
“Does that bother you?”
“I don’t like being bored.”, grumbled Tony, who choose to give Steve the cold shoulder for the start of the day.
It was his alarm that ripped him from his dreams about the genius in the morning and Steve started the morning like every day.
He worked like crazy and truth to be told it took a bit of help from Pepper to get the genius to stop working even if it was only for one day.
And trouble meant that Steve would most likely be the one to break Stone’s nose if he acted inappropriately or endangered Tony in any way.
“Why are you watching this?”, asked Steve loudly, he thought it would startle him but Tony just kept on staring at the TV and didn’t move.
The genius pressed back into Steve’s hand and closes his eyes.
“Absolutely. We are friends and I want you to be safe, beyond my work.”, said Steve fiercely.
If Steve had a big smile on his face while he fell asleep that night, that was no ones business but his own.
“He will take as long as he needs, but for us it will only be seconds.”, explained Bruce, but nothing happened.
Steve furrowed his brows as he saw hurt in Tony’s eyes just for a second before the genius started another attempt and blushed a bit.
Steve wished the moment would have never ended, but when the waitress came back, Tony pulled his hand away to pay for their food.
He never answered Tony, never told him about his own feelings, because it wasn’t his place, not while Tony had a loving wife and a beautiful daughter.
“You know that you don’t have to ask me, right? If you go out, I’m following you anyway, that’s my job.”
Steve felt his knees buckle, but Bucky grabbed him by the biceps which kept Steve from collapsing in front of the doctor.
In an instant Steve’s gaze snapped back to Tony, the red gauntlet of the Iron Man armour moved like liquid und formed itself around the infinity stones until Tony’s gauntlet looked like the one Thanos wore.
“I’m not going to fight about that. I took a day of and I would be lying if I would say that it wasn’t a great day. But still… I have a job and I have responsibilities.”
Tony seemed nervous as he said that.
“Nobody’s more stubborn than the Captain,”, joked the other super soldier, but without real humour behind it.
“After that it took me sometime to get away from all the bad stuff, but I made it, after going to rehab... That is why I want nothing to do with Tiberius. I don’t want to slide back into old habits.”, whispered the genius, and he seemed to avoid talking about the whole relationship thing, but it was crystal clear that the relationship had been abusive and toxic.
They acted more like friends around each other than employer and employee, even though Steve took his job pretty serious.
“You look good enough for the both of us. That has to be enough.”
Steve felt something clench in his chest as he imagined, young innocent Tony falling for a guy like Tiberius just because he was lonely and needed to be held…
A doctor came into the waiting area, Steve immediately was on alert, the man hesitated before he looked straight at Steve.
“And the next time we see Stone at an event, I will just punch him in the face, how about that?”
Even if it was Tony in the hospital bed, dying just hours ago, it was he that comforted Steve, not the other way around.
The moment the door closed behind her, he was in front of Tony, searching for anything that he could have missed, maybe Stone had got to him before Steve had tugged him back.
Stane was never outright hostile to Steve, he stayed as polite as it was expected but the former Captain wasn’t buying any of it, he saw how Stane used Tony´s nativity and loneliness to manipulate him.
“Mr. Steve Barker?”, a young woman came into the waiting area and smiled politely at him as Steve got up and walked over to her.
“Stop it. I know what you are doing, but you don’t have to be strong in front of me. I know that he is only telling lies, because I’ve been here since months and I don’t know that person he is talking about. I had the privilege to get to know you, Tony. And you are kind and sweet and a bit dorky sometimes. He is lying because he is jealous and an asshole!”, growled the blond, he wanted to say all of this as gentle as possible, but he was so angry.
“It was Rhodey who got me out in the end, he was really pissed when he came back from the army and set my head straight. And he also beat up Tiberius.”, Tony seemed far away as he told Steve all this, but he smiled at the memory of Rhodey beating Stone up.
But one quiet night on Tony´s newly build patio in front of his and Peppers house, they drank beer and talked about the past.
The super soldier fell asleep, with his head on the mattress and his hand covering Tony’s.
This place was fancy, and the menu was enormous.
The next person to reach Tony was Rhodey, he landed a couple of feet away from them and hesitated to step closer.
Pepper had told Tony about Tiberius Stone and the fact that he was really adamant about getting an appointment with the genius.
“Deal.”
Steve was happy that Tony got a friend in Pepper, she was fierce when it came to the genius and loyal.
“Listen, after what happened last year we didn’t really talk. Let´s just get out of here and then we can talk about everything. I really missed you.”
“I want to.”, said the genius determined.
“Tony!”, Steve knew there was no way that his partner would hear him over the roar of the ongoing battle, even if he wasn’t unconscious from the way he hit the rubble.
“I’m not sure Obie agrees.”, said the genius and Steve had to keep his anger in check, Tony had no idea about Stane and still seemed to praise the ground he walked on.
“Exclusively Today an on our channel! Tony Starks Ex-Boyfriend Tiberius Stone will give an exclusive interview about his life with the young billionaire. And just to tease you guys, Tony Stark seems to love a tumble in the sheets, with everybody! Even though he was in a committed relationship and- “
Steve took Tony’s hand in his, now that they were in the elevator there was not risk of being seen by anybody.
“I don’t want you to go out with- to go out to eat, with me, because you have to. I want to go as- as friends and you to come with me because you want to.”
The genius was dressed in form fitting black pants with a tight red pullover on the top and an expensive looking leather jacket to complete the look.
“Here.”, Dr Strange opened a portal in front of them, it was just now that Steve realised how deathly silent it was, everybody was quiet and watching them, like they couldn’t comprehend what just happened.
The pants were perfect and made Tony’s butt even rounder than normally, Steve could write poetry about that ass.
Rhodey and Bruce began to speak quietly to each other after a couple of hours, there were still no news of Tony.
“Don’t do this to yourself, let someone else watch it. You don’t have to listen to him telling those lies.”, tried the blond, because he could see that the genius was torturing himself by watching this.
“Of course, I want to. And even if I do my job most of the day, doesn’t mean I don’t enjoy being in your company.”, said Steve with a soft smile, Tony was just to adorable for his own good sometimes.
“Fuck…”, swore Steve as he saw the damage on Tony arm.
“No, nothing like that. I thought we could go out to eat something. Like pizza or whatever.”
“But you did good.”
“Tiberius, what a surprise. Meet my bodyguard Steve Barker.”
“Someone has to look after you, punk.”, was the only reply as Bucky sat back down und continued to be a silent supporter.
But next to Peter sat Clint who was rubbing the boys back with a stoic expression.
“Tell me you didn’t punch him.”, begged Tony.
Steve awoke from his sleep, because of fingers that were stroking trough his hair, he rumbled pleased.
But Steve did not allow himself to behave normal, not while Tony might be dying, he did not want to speak, nor sleep, nor eat or drink, if he were able to refuse to breath, he would do it.
Tiberius seemed confused as he sat down.
Pepper was able to squeeze Stone into next Friday, they all agreed that this should be over sooner rather than later.
“It was a close thing.”, grumbled Steve before he gave Pepper a nod while she left.
“We should do that more often.”, smiled Tony while they entered the elevator in the Stark industries building.
In his universe that had always drove Tony insane, but here it was the best way to get him into a better mood, Tony seemed to like it if someone didn’t take everything he said or did strictly serious.
“You don’t have to be bored, we can do something if you like.”, the blond knew how to appease the genius, just keep acting nice.
“We are leaving, I have work to do in the workshop and contrary to popular beliefs I do need sleep.”, joked Tony, he leaned into Stane and that made Steve sick to the stomach.
The drove to an Italian restaurant not far from the Company building and Steve was sure that he would have never gotten in if it wasn’t for Tony.
But Tony was important, his health was important, and it was not helpful if he drove himself into an early grave, not for the company and not for Stane.
Tiberius looked hurt, but like he wanted to continue arguing.
But reality choose that moment to punch him in the face, his head shoot up and his blue eyes found chocolate brown ones.
“It’s ok, just… let’s not talk about him when we are cuddling or intimate, ok?”
Tony immediately intertwined their fingers, but again the moment was way too short as they arrived at Tony’s apartment door.
The genius was breathing on his own and as far as Steve could say his vitals looked good, he was still deadly pale and covered in bruises, but at least he was alive.
Which basically translate to the fact that Tony will not take a day off again anytime soon.
“Because otherwise you wouldn’t hear me out! I want to apologize. I know that you are mad about what happened, but you can’t fault me for everything. I didn’t make you do all that, you did it yourself and I even tried to help! Remember how I was there for you after your parents died?!”, began Tiberius, without stopping, even though he could see that Tony didn’t want to hear it.
Tony sat down on the lonely cot. “Don’t give them any ideas.”
Following Steve closely with his eyes, he saw the guy was pulling his punches.
Steve took his jacket off as well, remembering only too late that he only had the undershirt beneath, but since Tony had already turned around with two drinks in his hands and seen him, he decided to commit to the state of undress – he didn’t want to look like he was uncomfortable.
”Go and fetch pants for the Captain,” Tony ordered the teenager.
“True.”
“Of course it wasn’t,” Tony scoffed. Then, more soberly: “It was probably the best I’ve had.”
“Yeah. Asked around people’s crushes or exceptions in the team. I understand he had a bet with Thor. As if he could compete with a god,” Tony said.
“It’s got pedals and a steering wheel,” Steve pointed out. He didn’t really care that much who drove, but it was amusing to him to rile Tony up.
The man came to stand next to him and began to look for the right angle. Steve shared an amused look with Tony.
Tony put his arms up defensively: ”I want you, you idiot!”
Standing up he noticed he didn't have his too-tight get up anymore, but a simple hospital gown that was too airy to have been closed from the backside. He wasn't the only one who made the observation.
Finally, “I’ve been thinking about what you said.”
Steve figured you didn’t have to be a genius to deduct that Tony truly was avoiding him. Alright.
Last chance, Steve realized. The truth, he knew. Alright.
“Just. Cold.”
”Oh shut up,” Barnes said, but didn't seem mad, so Tony figured he hadn't crossed any lines just yet.
“For any particular reason?”
Steve hated to give in but every second Clint was around he was losing that perfect drowsiness. Quickly, he said: “Tony.”
”Dear God,” Tony muttered as he got in, too.
Steve sighed. “I don’t know if this is the time or the place,” he said and gestured around the cell, reminding Tony that the walls had ears.
”You mean –  ?”
”Oh my God!”
Slowly, carefully, so as not to disturb the sleeping man, he laid back down. He took a deep breath.
Steve shrugged. ”I never said anything because you were committed already. I tried to forget about it... Then you told me you had broken up. I decided to wait until you got over it. Then all went to hell and
”What was the theme, again?”
It left the team in high enough spirits that they convened in the evening to share a few drinks together.
”No. Why?” He replied anyway.
”Is it because it’s us or because I’m a man?”
”Hardens under impact?”
“Sure,” Steve answered. “But can I drive?”
”Will you take your clothes off?” Steve dared to ask. Tony complied without a comment and Steve considered it a victory that he didn't have to coax Tony to curl up to him. The uncharacteristic silence worried Steve.
Well. He sure realized it now.
"As long as you are aware that you look ridiculous. Which brings me to the elephant in the room. What's with the skintight black number?"
”Sorry?”
”As tight as it looks, then?” Tony asked, voice almost forcibly neutral.
Steve shrugged. “Maybe a bit.”
”Why don't you tell me,” Tony demanded, not nicely. All of a sudden they were earlier incarnations of themselves, ready to bite each others' head off for the smallest of provocation. Steve was fairly certain they'd had a similar conversation before, in a kitchen, just like this. Well, Tony's hand hadn't been cupping his breast, but to be fair, they were touching each more often than not during their spats. One memorable time Tony had accidentally tickled his side when he had tried to grab Steve's arm. Steve had given an involuntary giggle and Tony had lost the plot for a few seconds, at least, forgetting he was angry.
They both fell silent. There was still something unfinished about their conversation, the reference to what happened before hanging still in the air between them.
“Yeah, I’m done here,” Tony answered. He’d left his suit jacket on the back of a chair and rolled his sleeves up his forearms. The sunglasses were hanging from his breast pocket. He’d obviously combed his hand through his hair more than once, giving an air of light dishevelment.
Steve shrugged. “It could be severe.”
It was almost a relief how perfectly they fit together like this, how good it felt. In a sense, this was what he had been waiting for, an affirmation from Tony that they did belong side by side. He didn't even want to think about how long he'd waited to have this with somebody.
Tony went to the espresso machine past Steve. “Smells nice.”
“You tell me,” Tony fired back.
Knowing it was going to be mostly a flight show, Steve didn’t put his gear on. Casual, like Tony had said.
,” Steve started, but again, Tony cut him off.
”Rogers!” Tony yelped but Steve ignored it. He sat up and moved to reach for Tony.
”Maybe you should come and watch some time,” he got out, barely recognizing his own voice.
Okay, that was fair. Steve felt heat color his cheeks. He could have made an excuse, but what would have been the point? Tony wasn’t an idiot.
“I don’t,” Steve said and he wasn’t lying as he didn’t know for sure was Tony more concerned that it was him Steve had named or that he liked men. Probably the former, he thought, knowing what he knew about the upper-class moralities in the 2010s.
Tony seemed to understand how close he was, already, for he slid his hand down Steve’s thigh to grab his ass, pressing his blunt nails into the skin while his teeth caught on Steve’s lip.
Steve rolled his eyes. “That’s a lie. Iron Man is merely trying to sully my good name.”
Steve could smell Tony’s cologne, feel the heat of his face against his own, the prickle of his mustache.
Steve chuckled. ”Growing up poor does that to you.”
The car
“A thing?”
Steve liked it. He averted his eyes trying not to give his thoughts away.
So, even when alcohol had very little impact on him in regular doses, he’d chugged a glass to brace himself for any passive-aggressiveness Tony might dish out to him.
Steve felt his cheeks warm a little bit, mostly from being so transparent. But, he figured, if she was willing to play along, he might as well use the opportunity.
Tony was brilliant and ahead of Steve in many ways, but one thing Steve knew he was better at was handling failure. He could take Tony’s ire but his guilt would be harder to handle.
Tony blinked. Looked at the specs and back to Steve again. “Well. Yes, basically. Of course, there’s not going to be clouds below a certain altitude, so getting close enough would still be a problem.”
”Ugh, I’d forgotten. Well, at least you don’t have an x-ray vision.”
“Nothing. Saw you pass out on the balcony. Not a good look for a symbol of high morals.”
“Because I’m afraid the second we leave here there’s a mission or something. And I’d be far too wired up to concentrate and I’ll die an embarrassing death.”
”Sure,” Steve agreed dryly. ”It’s the people ogling me or not ogling me that’s the problem, not the tabloid articles tomorrow writing about what happened to Captain America instead of the theme of the event.”
Lewd joking could have been the side-effect of a more relaxed and happy Cap, now that he had his Bucky (Tony knew it wasn't his place to feel jealousy, but he couldn't quite fight it). When Steve bent down and exposed himself to Tony neither was laughing.
Tony shrugged. “Very rarely. Men in my business, not really the sort of people you want to put yourself in a vulnerable position with. I mean, I’m sure I’ve probably made out with a guy in some party somewhere, but that’s probably true to most men, straight or not.”
”What are you – ” Steve gasped, surprised with the onslaught, feeling the coldness of Tony’s hands through the thin undershirt. He grabbed Tony’s wrists to stop him.
”Are we finished?” Tony asked. It was an honest demand and a line for Steve to seize if he wanted.
”You alright?” He asked – Tony had groaned with the impact but it had sounded like out of surprise more than anything else.
“Then why are you on top of me?” Tony asked smugly.
Steve finished his drink. ”Come on, I’ll escort you.”
He’d had ulterior plans anyway, hoping the convenience of being already unclothed and in a bed would result in Tony staying the night.
He peeled the T-shirt off and dropped it on the floor. With a glance to make sure he had Tony's attention, he took his underwear off.
Steve was impressed by how quickly Tony had cleaned up: he was wearing a suit, his hair was styled and Steve could smell the whiff of cologne mixed with the clean smell of a recent shower.
When the bartender poured him the drink he threw it back in one go, grimaced, and ordered a second one.
Tony tightened the grip of his legs around Steve. “You are a master martial artist, I’m sure nobody thinks your main strategy would be to use your tongue to subdue me.”
“Are you –” at this, Tony stumbled, “I don’t know, in love with me or something?”
So it was mostly Tony. Or maybe it wasn’t even Tony, maybe Steve was projecting: he wasn’t sure if he knew anymore what was normal behavior from Tony and what wasn’t. Maybe he’d always watched Steve guardedly and maybe he’d always sat up a bit straighter every time Steve walked into a room he was in.
Steve sighed again. “I won’t mention it again if you don’t want to, that’s not a problem. But I really wish you wouldn’t avoid me because of it.”
A thrill went through Steve at Tony's words. He kissed open-mouthedly the back of Tony's neck as a reward. He was ready to go again but getting a few hours' worth of sleep was more important, so he ended the kiss in a gentle peck instead of finding Tony's mouth.
It was casual enough that it might have been innocuous, but from Steve’s point of view, it was nothing but. Tony never sat next to him or got really close to him unless he was mad. Then he was all hands.
Tony had followed him to the kitchen so why not to his room?
”What if I stay the night,” he suggested. ”We don’t have to do anything – let’s watch a film and I’ll sleep on your couch. It probably wouldn’t be as good as you think, anyway, I’ve no clue about any of it. But let’s not call it a night just yet.”
As he’d hoped, he’d barely gotten the beers out of the fridge when Tony appeared. He didn’t say anything, at first, just watched Steve gather the drinks and snacks on a tray.
“I’m sorry, Mr. Stark. My grandfather was in the 45th Infantry division. You crossed paths outside Strasbourg,” he addressed the last part to Steve.
“You know,” he said. “I was waiting for you the last time.”
Steve frowned. Was Tony going to go through everybody’s performance during the soiree? What did Clint have to –
any tighter?”
You could even say that he’d been pining.
“True,” Tony agreed.
“Tony!” He spat out again and turned his back to Clint. If he didn’t believe him, that was his problem.
Surprised and not wanting to cause a scene, Steve went with the motion. With their faces barely a couple of inches apart, Tony pressed his lips to Steve’s cheek. Thing was, the angle was such it was basically the corner of his mouth where the kiss landed, their lips fitting partially together.
On the other hand, it felt unjust that this should be such an issue when everybody else could choose whoever and nobody cared: but because it was him and he’d picked a man that was noteworthy.
”How much did you have to drink?” Steve asked, getting a few more laughs.
would likely survive getting shot.
”I don't know what you're talking about,” Steve said innocently.
“You didn’t bring a spare suit?” Tony asked.
“Then what would you call it?”
Tony did get slightly drunk, though, putting down three Scotches in an hour.
They did watch a film.
The room height was about nine or ten feet. “I can,” Steve said.
Tony took his seat on the co-drivers side. He waited until Steve was on his side before fastening his seat belt needlessly pointedly. Steve gave him a wide smile. “So, how does this start?”
”About what?”
Tony made a sound like he wanted to groan. Or suffocate himself. Steve was conscious of the fact that he was making the atmosphere highly awkward but he decided to go for it. If him spelling it out would help, that's what he would do. ”You are smart, caring and funny. A good man. Sometimes you get lost inside your head and I get exasperated because I can't reach you. But you have shown time and time again that your heart is in the right place.”
And also, Martin, the techie?
Pepper seemed to realize that since she said more placatingly: ”Just how much you minded that he wasn't in your corner during the Accords business. How much you talk about him, complain about him... I swear on Monday you think he's too blond, on Tuesday he's not blond enough.”
"I haven't exactly always performed inside the law, but I have been able to keep my modesty intact."
“Don’t tell me, a 1944 Ford GPW,” Tony said dryly.
“In my mouth?” Tony asked and drank only about half the glass.
Steve froze. It was dark in the room but he could see Tony looking almost as shocked as Steve felt. ”What?” He asked, voice considerably less confident from before.
Tony turned to look at him, bemusedly. “You need clear skies for these. Fog, clouds, smoke – the beam doesn’t pass those.”
“What?” Tony asked, defensive.
He was sure he would stop thinking about it soon.
“It wasn’t that. It’s more that it’s not a big part of my sexuality. And it’s not a part that I’ve ever given a try,” Tony said.
Tony made a face then snorted. ”Compared to what? Aliens dropping down from the sky? Not really. How these things usually go? Yeah, I suppose.”
Tony didn't clearly like that. ”What's there not to understand? I desire you. The end.”
It was far easier now to just circle his arm around Tony, take a soft but firm grip on Tony’s cock. Tony fit against him just perfectly. They were snugly pressed together from knees to shoulders, Tony’s head resting on Steve’s arm.
Tony gave him a questioning look. Steve nodded.
Steve nodded slowly. ”That's a good position to take, but I'm not sure I see how me punching this bag into your wall is making people's lives better.”
Steve closed his eyes and let his head fall back. If you could save a moment, to live in it as long as you wanted, this definitely qualified as a candidate. He knew there was more to come – hopefully – knew this was in sexual terms relatively tame. It didn’t matter. What mattered was the exhilaration of getting to know one another like this, getting to know Tony with his eyes dripping with warmth, surprise and joy: getting to know himself like this.
”We are not stopping,” Tony whispered urgently back.
”I have several fantasies that disagree with you,” Tony said. It wasn't meant to be any way seductive. Then he seemed to realize that this wasn't really a subject that he should try to harass anybody, even Steve, with. ”Listen, I'm sorry. That was a line crossed. I can sleep on the floor.”
Steve didn't usually mind.
“Noted,” Tony murmured, mouth mostly occupied. His hands were once again making their own path across Steve’s body, touching him with familiarity already.
He let the pants be for the moment and instead pushed the shirt up. Tony broke off the kiss for a moment to sit back and peel the top off completely. They locked eyes.
A silence. Tony finished with the cradle and went to put it away. Steve stood up and tried to decide whether the new skin felt tender or not. Feeling slightly unsettled he stretched his arms up high, extending his body as much as he could, and then he bent down to touch the floor with his hands, stretching his back and legs. Slowly uncurling from his position he breathed deeply and felt a bit better.
Pepper had been correct proclaiming he had always been like this about Steve. Before Steve had suddenly flirted with him, he had just compartmentalized the more sexual aspect of it.
Steve was tempted but thought it was better to play nice with them at the moment. Hydra had been scourged out of the organization and it didn’t seem like an immediate problem. He shook his head. “Not now, but thanks.”
“Uh,” the guard said.
At last, he sighed, and with a soft voice, like he got sometimes when he abandoned all pretense and bluster, he said: “I don’t know if I’m finally gotten too old for it, but I can’t do casual anymore. Or at least, I can’t do casual with you. I thought it’d be interesting to see what it would be like, but it just made me want something different. Made me want something more.”
Tony scoffed. “Can
”You think that a lot?”
Steve marched on. ”In a few seconds I will turn around and give you a supportive hug, and I trust you haven't smothered yourself with your pillow by then.”
“You wanted to see me?”
Tony froze, then he laughed: ”Steve. It was the best night of my life.”
Tony took in the scene with his lips pursed. ”I don't remember giving you permission to this part of the compound,” he said to the kid before addressing Steve: ”And you should be lying down.”
Tony’s physical presence, his smart mouth, his well-fitted suits, but he hadn’t thought what having sex with him might be like. Had he, he supposed he might have assumed it would have been accompanied by a running commentary, laughter.
”Hey, I'm sure you slept with your men all the time, but I'm not used to this,” Tony defended himself.
Steve decided to spell it out. ”We should quit dancing around each other like this,” to make his point he gently removed Tony's hand from his chest.
Steve shrugged. “They’re probably afraid you’d sabotage it before giving it back. Or that they wouldn’t get it back.”
“I know. You are amazing.”
”We went over that already.”
Gaye sang seductively and
Steve undressed meanwhile, stripping off both his shirts.
Washing his hands,  Tony glanced at him sideways, ”It never really made any sense, anyway. The electromagnetic radiation wouldn’t stop at skin. And can you imagine what a cancer risk a skill like that would be?” He asked as he turned to the paper towel dispenser. When he found it empty he looked around the white and sparse room before grabbing the front of Steve’s dress shirt.
“You should tell him to be more careful,” Steve said to Natasha, mostly jokingly.
Also, they watched each other, but surreptitiously, sneaking a glance every once in a while, hoping the other wouldn’t notice – or hoping they would.
This was bad, Steve thought. This was more than just some horrible, innuendo laden verbal sparring. This was past flirting, even. He needed to stop it.
Too bad he didn't really have a clue what it could have been. Steve knew from experience that feeling uncomfortable usually stemmed from caring too much about what people thought of you, from the fear of being humiliated or misunderstood, of being turned down. All that was fixable with more time and effort.
Tony grinned very smugly at how fast Steve had responded. Steve didn’t mind. Then Tony turned around and led the way to the bedroom.
”Oh my God, Rogers, could your shirt
Tony had removed the arc reactor some months back so the skin of his chest was smooth. Steve had of course seen the reactor a lot of times since Tony used to cut his shirts to fit it. There had been one time he’d seen Tony shirtless with the arc reactor.
”I don’t think so. Let’s try the upper level.”
”I’ve known a lot of old wealthy guys who cannot get it up for anything else than the promise of a free meal.”
At that, Tony laughed out loud. ”Oh, you are bad.”
“This is important. We are having a poll.”
“I’m sure it’s better to love and be loved, even for a short while,” Steve said.
“I’m not avoiding you,” Tony tried.
Having relaxed his hold, Tony, most likely disoriented by the fall, climbed off him clumsily, almost kneeing Steve to his face.
Steve assumed this wasn’t about his habits of showing distress.
Steve took that in. “So. Could we just wait for bad weather?”
”Is it?”
“What’s the last car you drove?”
”I suppose this isn't like one of the fantasies you mentioned before,” Steve quipped if only to retain his mind. Tony wanted to watch him strip. He – he could do that.
“I don’t know if you understood but it’s not limited to just Avengers and even so I’m sure Nat doesn’t mind if you choose her.”
? This isn't the sort of stuff you play to your friends! Unless you are friends with benefits!”
Tony shifted in his place, something obviously in his mind. Steve was glad to see he wasn’t so closed off anymore. Steve let Tony gather his bearings in peace and went to get the bottle from where Tony had left in next to a sink in the little workshop kitchenette. He’d normally have asked permission before pouring himself a glass but thought it best to stay silent to give Tony room.
“You, too,” Steve laughed.
“Tony, is everything okay?”
It took a few days until the next time he really saw Tony. Steve had seen him passing by more than once and had greeted him in the most normal manner he could, fully aware that it wasn’t suitable for a team leader to hide from your teammates.
”Of course I do,” Steve said, because of course, he did, and also because he didn't want to address the benefits thing.
“You hurt?” He asked pointing at the blood on his shirt from where he was sitting on the crew bench. Natasha had joined Clint in the cockpit. Thor and Bruce were in New York, alerted, but not part of the pick-up crew.
"-- excuse me?"
“Don’t believe him,” Tony pressed on when they were let in the lower level elevator. “If you’d only see what goes on behind the Tower walls, you’d be shocked.”
”It's like if you two were... lending each other a hand every once in a while,” Sam explained, re-entering the room. ”You know, if you weren't in a romantic relationship but decided to get some relief together. And to be clear, I mean if you, just as friends, were having sex.”
Tony looked incredulous. ”What do I mean? Wasn’t it you just yesterday who got his both legs fractured when I could’ve prevented that if you’d just let me?”
Tony hadn’t said much else than directed them to the diner. Sitting at the booth with their orders, Steve concentrated on eating to have an excuse not to say anything. Tony chewed his food slower, looking deep in thought.
An hour or so later, after Steve had gone through current matters with Fury he went to pick Tony up from the lab.
to do them. He hadn't thought that until he had glimpsed a tantalizing strip of naked back and ass.
”I don't think Sam meant breaking stuff.”
“Half an hour, meet me in the garage.”
He sat up and glanced at Tony. Tony was sprawled on his stomach, on top of the covers, his top having ridden up to reveal his bare lower back.
Smoothly, Steve climbed down the ladder. When he came to the bottom step he kicked the release to drop the lower part of the ladder.
“You’re not… angry or disgusted?”, asked the smaller man timid.
After the blond had ended the call Tony turned to face him on the couch.
And Steve agreed with the genius in one point, he also did not want to fight.
They all looked tired, had wounds here and there but they were able to conceal their emotions, except for Steve and Peter Parker.
Steve would have liked to comfort the boy, he knew how important the kid was to Tony, but in this state Steve was of no help.
“They will be with you shortly.”
Tony´s eyes narrowed as the bigger one of the two took a step back, his eyes zoomed in on the spot were Steve hid the weapon under his jacket.
The man that approached them was bigger than Tony, but smaller than Steve, he was thin but athletic looking, his hair was blond, and his eyes were green.
“That was exhausting.”, whined the genius as they made their way up the Stark industries building.
“What you’re saying is that Tony Stark not only cheated on you, but that he did it in front of you?”
But he didn’t take Steve into account, the blond gripped him be the collar, before he even got atop of the desk and tugged him back, hard.
Stane snaked an arm around the shoulders of the genius and Steve had the sudden urge to break that arm.
Steve was not happy about the fact that Tony wanted to give in, Stone meant trouble like Pepper had already stated.
Everything was going perfect, since that night at the conference their relationship took a turn in the right directions.
“I have to know exactly what he says, otherwise I will look like a deer in the headlights when the press confronts me about this on the street.”, his voice was strong and didn’t waver, but Steve could hear that it was forced.
He himself was slowly but surely losing control of his emotions.
There would be no Iron man, because Steve would protect Tony from being kidnapped in the first place, he would not go through that pain, not under Cap´s watch.
“Loosen up a bit, you´re making me nervous.”, said Tony and smiled at a couple that greeted him.
“No.”, mumbled the genius before he turned around and leaned against Steve’s chest, it was adorable how he obviously wanted to be hugged but wasn’t sure if it was ok.
For tony it obviously was no pleasure at all to see the guy, which meant that Steve was immediately unnerved by him.
Steve had to close his eyes against the bright light, but it didn’t stop him from moving closer to the love of his life.
That made Steve react, he stepped in front of the genius, took the remote out of his hands and turned the TV off.
“Where is he?”, Sam´s voice shook as he turned to Bucky, the Soldier seem like this was exactly what he thought would happen.
“No problem. Don’t worry about that, I would offer to resign as your bodyguard if that made you more comfortable, but to be honest I trust nobody else with your safety.”
“I want him.”, said Tony at the end and signed a couple of papers, Stane looked gobsmacked.
After taking all the stones where they belonged, Steve used the time machine again, but not to go back.
It was only when the first drops of water ran down his throat that he realized how thirsty he was, it took him no time to empty the bottle.
And if Steve notices him shaking a little bit, he didn’t say anything about it, he was just happy that Tony trusted him enough to show weakness around him.
It was obvious to anybody that these two enjoyed each other’s company.
Tony Stark stepped into the office and Steve though his heart would stop, this was planned, he applied for the job as Tony´s personal Bodyguard but planning and actually seeing are two different things.
“I know that, and I respect that, I just want you to take care of yourself.”, said the blond softly.
Steve felt hot tears form in his eyes and flowing down his cheeks when he arrived in the waiting area, he flopped down on a chair and buried his face in his hands.
That was what Steve heard as he made his way over to Tony, he had first searched for him in the workshop, where he normally was at this time in the morning.
“Everyone will believe it. They love those kinds of story’s…” whispered the genius after some time.
It wasn’t that Tony never came close to death in the past, it was the fact that this was not a broken limb or a normal wound, Steve had no idea if anyone could fix it, and that thought terrified him.
On the street the risk of somebody taking a photo was too high, he didn’t want Tony to get in trouble because of him.
That was exactly the right thing to do, because the genius instantly cuddled closer and grabbed onto Steve’s shirt, while resting his head on his shoulder.
The first weeks were going better than Steve had thought, he felt a bit guilty after he had found out that Happy Hogan was one of the candidates for the job as Tony´s Bodyguard.
“Take it!”, addressed Steve him immediately and tossed the gauntlet with the stones at him, he couldn’t care less about them.
Steve even got Tony to take a day off, because after the incident Tony seemed to be in a bad mood and he handled it by staying in his workshop for a long period of time without sleeping.
Tony had this tiny wrinkle between his eyebrows when he was thinking and most of the time his thoughts were not positive.
What he didn’t know wouldn’t hurt him.
“Can you wear something casual? If you go in your uniform, I feel like I’m paying you to spend time with me…”
I hope you enjoy it <3
“Tears? I don’t want to see you sad ever again, we won.”, smirked Tony tiredly, he still looked horrible, but his eyes were shining.
“You heard what he said.”
It was Pepper.
He wanted to be the one solid relationship the genius had, so that he learned that good things were meant to stay and that he did not need to be afraid of being left at any moment.
“Not, sir. I am more the soldier type.”, said Steve and tried to act normal, even though he wanted nothing more than kiss the genius right now, but Tony barely knew him.
And Steve knew this meant trouble.
This was the Tony Stark, before the people he trusted and loved betrayed him and selled him to the highest bidder.
Seeing Tony lying on that big hospital bed, covered in tubes and cables, hooked to all those machines, made Steve sick, but at least he was alive.
The uniform was black and truth to be told a bit tight for the blond.
Getting a new identity was tricky, but Steve learned some tricks while working for Shield, for certain missions, especially stealth mission it was vital to become someone else.
Tony gave Steve his sweetest smile before he opened the door to his apartment and disappeared behind it.
As he sat down, his phone started to ring in his pocket and he looked to Tony, the genius smiled and nodded as a sign that Steve should take the call.
“Drink, or I will make you.”, said Bucky with a warning in his voice, Steve knew from looking into his eyes that he wasn’t joking.
But Tony’s relationship to Stane was an important aspect, because Steve arrived to late to protect Tony from Stane, the genius was already too attached to the man and Steve was not sure if he could prevent Stane’s betrayal.
“Tony! What a pleasure to see you again!”
Tony liked him and he was afraid that Steve only said he liked him back because he didn’t want to lose his job.
The man had stepped up as Tony´s mentor after his parents had died and the genius seemed to trust him but more out of lack of alternatives than real belief.
The last time he had seen Tony was when he was dying on the battlefield.
“To be honest, I think it is better if you are there anyway.”
They continued their day like that, it was just a day full of cuddling and Steve was really proud of himself as he got the genius to take a nap in the afternoon.
But it wasn’t relief that made Steve gasp, it was fear and pure horror as he saw how the power of the stones crawled up Tony’s arm, they all saw what happened to Bruce after he had used them, and Tony was just human.
Thanos had a smug smile on his face as he raised his hand, wearing the gauntlet, he snapped his fingers.
His goal was making Tony fall in love with him and so far, everything worked perfectly.
“I mean it, thank you. For today, I know it is your job to protect me, but… I think we´re friends… right?”
“Is a weapon really necessary? What do you think will happen there?”, grumbled Tony and that was it with their moment.
But it became clear that he wasn’t brave enough to go all the way, which made Steve wrap his arm around his shoulders and tugging him as close to his side as possible.
“No.”, confess the smaller man, he buried his face in Steve’s neck.
“Listen I’m done for today and I’m hungry.”, said Tony and turned in his chair, there were in Tony’s workshop now for five hours.
Steve´s voice was cold, and his eyes were even colder, if Tony didn’t want that guy around him than he had to leave, and Steve would assure he did.
But nothing happened.
He was sure the first thing Tony would do if he was released was building himself a new arm, that thought brought a smile to his lips.
And that statement from the genius got Pepper to look even more concerned than before, normally Tony wasn’t one to accept help.
“I understand your concerns, but I know him, he is not going to stop unless I do this. I’m going to talk to him about what he wants and when it turns out that his request is not about anything related to the business than he has to go. Easy. But ignoring him will do nothing.”, explained the genius and Steve understood the problem, but that didn’t help with the fact that the urge to hurt that guy got stronger with every word Tony said.
That seemed to brighten Tony’s mood up instantly, he volunteered to help, and the rest of the day was quiet and relaxing for both of them.
“This isn’t over.”
“Thank you.”, mumbled the younger man shy, and Steve felt warmth pooling into his stomach.
And the genius didn’t even hide it that he hates the guys guts, the way he immediately pulled Steve into the conversation, said everything Steve needed to know.
“You have to promise me to listen until the end. I will just be able to tell this whole thing once and I don’t want to talk about it afterwards.”, set the genius the ground rules.
But showing only Steve this soft side was something special, and the blond had to concentrate not to react physically to that.
