Whoever had done it, they had done an immaculate job. They hadn't left behind any evidence, and were –
"Oh my God! Sherlock!" Adrenaline shot through his body, making him sit up with a start. "Where's my phone? Bill? Where's my bloody phone?"
To John and Sherlock's surprise, Mycroft turned out to be one of the biggest defenders and supporters of omega rights. It was thanks to him that the government was so quick to start debating possible changes to the law and set monies aside for various institutions. One of the first propositions was regarding the abolishment of polybonding.
"Sorry, that's my fault," John said when he noticed Sherlock's futile efforts. "I'll have it cleaned first thing tomorrow, all right? Where's your scarf?"
John doubted that the ridiculously casual clothing would fool anyone who had ever been in James Moriarty's presence before. Not even the youthful, almost naive expression on his face could conceal the man's profoundly diabolical nature.
No matter how logical Sherlock's decision might have been to allow Victor to be shot so that John wouldn't receive the final dose of poison, deep down it must feel like a betrayal. John had no idea whether Victor would ever get over that.
Sherlock registered through his cloud of anger that all the colour had drained from John's face. But now that he'd got started, it was difficult to stop the words from flowing.
Every conceivable step along the path of physical intimacy was listed, from holding hands to intercourse outside of a heat. Less intense experiences were also included, like going to the cinema or having dinner together.
"You wouldn't believe me anyway," Sherlock answered, glancing off to the side. His eyes darted to the abstract painting that hung on the wall to his right. It depicted grey and black blotches that were intersected by vertical lines and arcs across the entire canvas, as if a child had dragged its fingers through the wet paint. A single red spot sat prominently in the centre of the upper third of the painting like a sun.
Sherlock returned his brother's condescending look grimly. "As if you hadn't any experience in such matters..." he muttered and turned his face away.
John had to coerce his face into smile at the sight they presented. He forced it out between gritted teeth, curling his hand into a fist under the table until his fingernails dug painfully into his palm. The beta male was too close to his omega. He was touching him. He had
"And then he told Sherlock himself a couple of years later, and Sherlock overdosed," John declared flatly. His heart seemed to be beating inside an empty space. The two blows coming so close together shattered against the inner walls of his body and echoed in the emptiness.
"Yes, of course. That's part of proper etiquette, isn't it? An alpha should have nothing to do with an omega. Except their own, of course."
"You'd let me go to the Yard to take up the case again? You know Lestrade would be there the whole time. In the same room with me." Sherlock set the folder down on the desk and examined John's face, alert for signals. He smelled John's scent destabilise as something struggled to reach the surface, only to be ruthlessly shut down a moment later.
A growl arose from John's throat, which he tamped down with a great application of willpower. He quickly took a sip of wine and cleared his throat loudly. The alpha in him still wanted to leap out of his chair and tear the other man away, show him his place, and ensure that he never laid a hand on his omega again. The rational side of John knew that such a territorial display was completely out of line and would never be tolerated by Sherlock.
"He had a car accident. He died immediately. Sherlock had fallen out with him a few years earlier and must not have been able to handle not being able to hash out their differences anymore. He was always the most sensitive of the three..." she explained and reached for her teacup to take a sip.
"Clara! She was Mrs Jenkins's granddaughter. She always spent her holidays here. Harry was obsessed with her until one summer she stopped coming. No idea what happened to her."
"Oh, come on. I saw you almost falling asleep. This here is nothing compared to that 'Fight Club', but at least there are no illegal deals going down here."
Victor couldn't help grinning. All of a sudden, his stomach started tingling and his heartbeat kicked up a notch or two. All of the strange sensations he'd taken such trouble to suppress over the past few days returned to the surface. All at once. As if they'd just been waiting for the right stimulus.
"And who will give me the guarantee that you'll let John go if I allow Lestrade to be shot? Why should I trust you of all people to keep your word?" Sherlock asked, trying to mask the trembling in his voice. He hoped beyond hope that it wouldn't be heard over the laptop's microphone.
"Sherlock is the best and smartest person I've ever met. Every day I have the privilege to spend with him is like a minor miracle, because I can't believe that this man has chosen me. That he picked me to be his alpha, and that I have the honour to share my life with him. Sherlock isn't just my omega, he's the love of my life, and you, Harry, have no clue what that means."
The omega nodded, if a bit hesitantly. The assent was enough for John to dip his head to seek her lips. But before he could kiss her, she turned her face away and gave her head a barely noticeable shake.
John stopped what he was doing and looked up as if waiting for a request or directions, but when Sherlock didn't say anything, John took the reddened cock head between his lips again and played with the frenulum with his tongue. At the same time, he spread Sherlock's arse cheeks with one hand, then ran two fingers of his other hand over Sherlock's sensitive anus and carefully tapped against the opening.
John made a frustrated sound, although it seemed more to stem from the interruption in stimulation. He grasped his cock and rubbed the head and frenulum.
relieved. Without John, the pursuit would have taken quite a different turn. The omega had attacked the woman to stop him and John: he'd calculated that they would rather save her life than follow him any further. He couldn't have known that John – practical, dutiful John – would have the situation well in hand in a matter of seconds, thanks to his experience. But mostly, no one would have guessed that he would allow Sherlock – a mere omega – to take up the pursuit on his own.
"I can't do this..." John grated out in a thick voice and stood up. He was at the door in just a few steps, then opened it and ran down the stairs.
"What... was the argument about?" John asked cautiously, managing to focus Mycroft's attention on him again and not letting him wallow in his own memories. Mycroft hesitated as if he weren't sure whether what he was about to say was wise, but finally nodded sharply and continued.
John sat up dubiously and drew his eyebrows together. "Your mother mentioned that Sherlock and Sherrinford had argued shortly before Sherrinford died. Is it possible these letters had something to do with that? Can you assign any dates to them?"
"Yeah, hey! Don't be so insensitive." Cilia poked Bill in the stomach playfully with her toes. "Just because John's bond may be somewhat unconventional, or our souls aren't linked in the same way, doesn't mean there's no such thing. It's rare, and doesn't make a relationship like ours any less good. But for those few whose souls are linked together...
Silence fell on the room. Sherlock waited until John had reached the only possible conclusion and was attempting to process the insight. "An… an… alpha?!" he asked incredulously.
He huffed with annoyance. No, there would be no more heats. He wasn't about to give John a chance to get used to anything like that. He was going to make John's life a living hell so that he would leave the flat of his own accord. Once there was enough distance between them, Sherlock's body would settle down again. He felt certain of it.
Suddenly drained, Sherlock leaned his fists on either side of his plate and let his head hang down between his shoulders. "I want it to stop. But I don't know how to make it stop..."
"Your soul bond!" Cilia's smile grew wider, although the tilt of her head and other body language signalled a lack of comprehension on her part.
John could see all of the unspoken questions on the tip of Sarah's tongue. All the things they hadn't got round to talking about since the last time he'd sought refuge on her couch. An entire lifetime seemed to have passed by in the meantime. The brief, stormy affair with Greg. The thing with Moriarty. And of course Sherlock. Sherlock, always Sherlock.
He hooked his fingers in the waistband of Sherlock's black briefs, stroked the bulge with his thumbs, and slowly pulled the material down past the milky white skin. He encircled Sherlock's erection reverently, tracing it with his fingertips and feeling its familiar shape. Sherlock's breath caught. His hands rested on John's shoulders, holding him gently at his nape and reaching up into his blond hair.
"Any news?" Sherlock asked. He'd also tossed on a dressing gown and, remarkably, was not displaying any displeasure towards his brother.
Sherlock opened his mouth more than willingly, welcoming John's tongue in so that he could caress it with all of the pent-up lust he'd been carrying around with him for so many weeks, and sighed happily. The heat had finally begun. He swung one leg, then the other, over John's thighs and climbed into his lap, taking care not to pin his alpha's erection by mistake, and deepened the kiss.
The Frog Prince – that's what the first letter must mean. The other two didn't ring any bells for him.
John broke the eye contact and looked out the window. Outside, the sun's last rays of the day were reflecting on the bottom of the clouds, while the skies became darker and darker.
Leslie stood just a few feet away, playing with the nipples and penis of a male omega, who was writhing sensually from her touch. She looked over at John and gave him a lopsided grin. "Is that little fella not doing it for you, Captain? I'm sure we can find someone else who'll finally let you get it in there."
"Morning. Thank you." Sherlock blew across the steaming surface of his tea, only to set the cup back down because it was still too hot.
When Victor woke up the next morning, he was alone in bed. It took him a moment to orient himself, but then he remembered the previous night right away. Valentine's Day, the encounter with Ryan Walters and Sherlock right here in this hotel, and a... oh, right... The aches and dull pains in his body generated a series of mixed feelings. He turned onto his side, buried his face in the crook of his elbow, and snorted unhappily.
"You mean the husband you wished the death sentence on?" One of Sherlock's eyebrows lifted inquisitively as he observed the beta woman's face take on a slightly guilty, abashed expression.
He slept an extraordinary amount. Maybe his body was taking the rare opportunity to catch up on all of the sleep it had been denied over the last decade. But Sherlock never felt completely rested. His mind's unaccustomed lethargy frustrated him to no end, yet he still couldn't decide whether it was better to be awake and wait for the few moments of alertness, or to sleep and dream.
John was at Bill's side in two strides. He grabbed her by the arm and pulled her aside. She snarled with outrage and prepared to slug him, curling both hands into fists before she recognised her superior officer.
He took out his phone and scrolled through his scanty contacts. After a brief hesitation, he selected his sister's number. It rang for a long time before it connected, and Harry's voice came through thick and distorted. John cancelled the call without speaking. He'd had enough of fighting for the day and didn't have the strength to cross swords with his sister on a bender. He'd rather spend the night on the park bench and hope he simply froze to death.
Sherlock stared at his brother, aghast. Yes, he'd agreed to support John by any means in his power – and based on this sum of money, he had rather a lot of power. At the same time, he'd never imagined that John would go right over his head to seize control without so much as discussing it with Sherlock first. But here it was in black and white. Sherlock's portion of the Holmes family fortune had been transferred to the account of Dr John Hamish Watson as of that morning.
"How can you be in heat again so soon?" John murmured, bewildered. "There weren't any signs earlier this –
Amalia sat shaking on the steps in front of the house when John and Sherlock leapt out of the taxi. She was rocking back and forth, rubbing her bare arms. She seemed detached, her only interaction with the men on their arrival being to point one finger at the open front door.
Victor ran his tongue around the shell of Sherlock's ear, nipping at it gently when Sherlock reached behind him for something to stabilise him, getting his fingers tangled in Victor's long hair. He felt the twitch in Sherlock's hips as they surged lewdly toward the warm mouth and turned Sherlock's head so that he could catch the sweet moans dripping from his lips.
"I've collaborated with the Yard on and off for several years. As a kind of… consulting detective," Sherlock explained briefly.
Didn't he know any other omegas who – Of course! Sherlock grabbed his phone and pressed one of the quick dial buttons. It rang on the other end for quite some time before anyone picked up.
The air in the bedroom was stuffy and heavy, saturated with both of their scents, of sex and sweat. The bedsheet under Sherlock was still damp, and the mattress was probably beyond saving. They would definitely have to lay something underneath them before starting the next round, and dispose of the mattress after this was all over.
He couldn't hold in the smile any longer: he was too taken in by Sherlock's inner struggle to formulate the question John knew perfectly well his omega wanted to pose. He gave in to his previous desire and moved one errant curl off Sherlock's forehead, nudged it back onto his temple, and let his fingers graze through Sherlock's hair. Sherlock closed his eyes and sighed.
"It's not as if I didn't know that all these things happened, Victor. I'm not deceiving myself, if that's what you're worried about. And I'm painfully aware of the fact that none of this is any of my business when you get right down to it, but... if you're willing, I'd still like to hear it. Sherlock can hardly tell me," John answered quietly.
"So he worked for Moran. He's angry, very angry; a loyal employee... a friend? John put Moran out of commission. Therefore... it can be assumed that this man attacked John. What... what are you not telling me? If something had happened to John, you would have told me right away." Sherlock interrupted himself and pulled air in loudly through his nose. "Wouldn't you?" The question was barely more than a whisper.
Sherlock threw his head back at the dual stimulation and moaned out loud, undecided on whether to thrust into John's mouth or intensify the friction against his prostate. A gentle pressure on his waist and a pointed look from John encouraged him to do both.
The poison would kill John. Or at least so Moriarty claimed. Sherlock had to assume it was true; after all, John had already been given two doses and the heart monitor clearly showed that his body was getting steadily weaker. Even if he didn't have to suffer another syringe full, his chances of survival were decreasing by the minute.
"What... that... is that..." Before John knew what was happening, he'd leapt to his feet, curled his hands into fists, and fixed Mycroft with a murderous look, incandescent rage in his eyes. He wanted to drag Mycroft out of his chair by that preposterous tie, punch him in the face, make him feel all the pain that John had had to endure over the last few months.
The omega woman nodded to him, then turned her pointed gaze on Sherlock as if trying to force him to say something. But Sherlock had lost any interest on interacting with members of his family. He knew that wasn't fair to Anthea – she couldn't do anything about Mycroft's behaviour, and it was her birthday after all – but the fact that she allowed herself to be treated that way without standing up for herself had always driven Sherlock up the wall.
"Where would the fun be in telling you that, hm? I will promise you, though, that it won't kill your favourite pet straight out, but rather drain his life breath by breath. Does that sound familiar? Stories do tend to repeat themselves, don't they? At any rate, you would have plenty of time to find John and save him – as long as you decide quickly, because otherwise he's going to suffocate anyway. Quite practical that he's already in a coffin, isn't it?"
"O... kay?" John turned around, frowning, to go into the kitchen and fetch the restaurant menu which was pinned to the refrigerator with magnets. "I guess we can finish up the leftovers tomorrow."
"I always suspected that you were a selfish prick," Bill said with a nonchalance that made Sherlock look up with a start. "Seeing John suffer through all of your little idiosyncrasies over the years was anything but fun. Last night wasn't even the worst of your offences." Bill hadn't raised her voice a single notch, instead laying out her accusations calmly and in a neutral tone – probably so as not to alarm Henry.
"Yes... this is one of them." Without further commentary, he handed the letter to John, who took it and read the sparse lines.
In the kitchen, he put the groceries into the refrigerator and cupboards, and assembled the ingredients for dinner. Sherlock joined him a short while later, the garment bag with his Belstaff over one arm.
Victor's eyes met John's and there was something foreboding in them. "You didn't want to leave. That guy... I don't know if someone put something in one of all those drinks you had or what, but you swore up and down that he was Sherlock."
"Sorry, the car's a right mess. There's not enough room for the two of you to sit together in the back. But you won't mind being separated for a bit, will you?"
as John had sex with other people. Usually, Sherlock hadn't really been aware of the other parties, only how John felt when he was with them. As a consequence, he'd assumed that they must have been betas.
"So," John said, his interest piqued. "What is the motive for the killings supposed to be? Leaving aside the question of whether the killer is working alone or with an accomplice."
His head hurt like hell. A dull throbbing occupied every space, thrumming against his skull as if the swollen mass of his brain wanted to break out of its too-small casing.
Mycroft slowly approached the bed again, stopped behind the chair, and ran his fingers across the top of the seat back. "You're in a secret MI6 facility. Only a small number of staff members know you're here, and I intend to keep it that way."
He wanted to offer James comfort both as the camp physician and also as a friend. But he simply couldn't bring himself to approach his erstwhile mentor. It hurt far too much to see how broken the formerly so unassailable alpha now was. At the same time, it scared him how quickly a storybook relationship like that of James and his omega – which John had secretly always admired – could come to such an abrupt end.
"It's okay," John tried to soothe him. "We're here now." He tightened his grip on Sherlock a little more and rubbed his face against his damp curls. "We're here now," he repeated, softer this time, and pressed a kiss onto Sherlock's temple.
Sherlock and John exited the taxi a short distance from the Yard and entered the building through a guarded back entrance in order to avoid the throng of reporters who had gathered on the square in front. But even inside, the vultures were never far away with their portable recorders, microphones, and cameras. Irritated police officers looked up from their desks, glaring daggers at every newcomer. The predominant alpha smell was laced with heated aggression, bitter antipathy, and the sharp tang of resentment.
But John didn't register any of that. For just as his cock came into contact with the omega, the burning in his chest became unbearable. It felt like his intestines were being ripped out, accompanied by a combination of anger, despair, panic, and grief. He also smelled wildflower honey, summer rain, and nightshade. Sherlock.
There didn't appear to be anyone or anything other than Lestrade and Anthea in the tiny, windowless room. Sherlock swallowed hard and balled his free hand into a fist. His eyes darted to the heart monitor, then to Moriarty. "What do you want? For me to decide between the two of them?" he pressed out from between clenched teeth.
"'Again and again'," Victor read out loud, "'every bloody night I hear their whispers hissing spiteful threats but whenever I tell anyone about it no one listens why won't it stop why won't it just stop'."
Sherlock kissed John again and again. His head was filled with questions that demanded answers, yet in order to pursue them he would have to pull away, and that was the last thing he wanted to do. He still couldn't quite believe how much he'd missed feeling John's lips on his through all those years. His heart raced with the excitement of being able to now, with his alpha's consent.
The man's smile deepened, and John fancied he caught a flash of pride in the man's dark eyes for a fraction of a second. "Mr Holmes, sir."
"Everything all right?" Bill inquired, turning around in her seat to look at John in the back. Her dark brown eyes mustered him with concern. "You're awfully pale."
"Come on!" Sherlock barked, pushing Wiggins up against the crowded kitchen table. "I need it now! I can't – I don't want to feel the way he – "
He hadn't foreseen this eventuality. As far as he was aware, the officers from Scotland Yard always acted in line with policy – how had they stumbled into such a faux pas? It didn't bode well. Maybe some disciplinary action really was necessary to remind those alphas where their duty lay.
Even if Sherlock had managed to draw John away from Cilia, the fact still remained that he'd been attracted to another omega. Another bonded omega in heat who had wilfully lured him in... with her scent and her... her omegahood. Who would have felt John's knot inside her and been a willing receptacle for his seed—
"You should let your hair down, John. Have some fun. Let loose. Let it all hang out without thinking about everything that's happened lately. Just get away from it all," Victor said and took a drag on his cigarette.
"That reminds me of the nightmares he sometimes had. They got especially bad when we were apart for too long. He'd mutter completely nonsensical things, and then he wouldn't speak for days. It stopped after a while, and he even used to deny it had ever happened."
Sherlock tensed immediately, as expected. John could feel the flight instinct in his muscles. He rubbed Sherlock's back to soothe him, trying to communicate the sense of security he needed. The certainty that John didn't intend to hurt or embarrass him.
"About your 'let's give it a go,' that self-help book, this … this…" Sherlock made an awkward gesture, indicating first John then himself. "This relationship. Outside of heats. You don't want me."
Moriarty was obviously mentally disturbed, and being held in that tiny cell probably hadn't done much to improve his condition. Unfortunately, Sherlock was able to sympathise all too well. "Continue."
John pulled Sherlock into his arms, gently running his fingers through Sherlock's sweaty curls and dropping random kisses all over his face and shoulders. They rested like that, firmly wrapped around each other, until their frantic heartbeats had calmed; even then, they were reluctant to part.
"He wanted your phone number. Why didn't you give it to him? It might be important for him to contact you as his omega," she advised.
John sighed again as he rubbed the bridge of his nose. Was it so wrong to divulge more details of his problems with Cilia? Sherlock would bite his head off if he ever found out what John was sharing with her. Yet he'd hardly had anyone he could talk to about things, and Cilia exuded a sense of unassailable trust. Plus she was an omega herself. Maybe she was familiar with problems concerning heats?
Frustrated, Sherlock leaned his head back and closed his eyes. He began to list the facts once more.
Victor dropped back down onto the sofa with a tired sigh and clasped his hands behind his head, stretched his legs out, and crossed them at the ankles.
"Yes well, you know how it is. I've been busy!" Not even a minute into the conversation, and Sherlock was already regretting his decision to ring Mycroft's omega, of all people.
"John," Sherlock interrupts himself, pressing his lips into a thin line as if he had to stop the words behind it, "Why... won’t you let me touch you?"
Yes, the sex was incredible, Sherlock couldn't deny that; but it scared him to think that it would go on like this for hours – no, for days yet. This heat and those he'd gone through during puberty were worlds apart. It was much more demanding and significantly more intense than anything Sherlock had experienced before – and that couldn't just be down to the fact that he'd abstained from sex with a partner up to this point.
"It must have been difficult to lose your best friend like that. A person you cared for. To know that you never had a chance, simply because you were born with the wrong gender." Sherlock's tone was gentle, but it was apparent that Harry didn't hear the empathy in the words; instead, she took it as an affront. She curled her lips and folded her arms across her chest. A deep line formed between her eyebrows, crinkling her brow.
Mycroft rolled his eyes. "Yes, I'd noticed that. Along with the fact that you pulled James Moriarty over the railing of Southwark Bridge. No, what I'd like to know is why you did it. Why didn't you stick to the plan? The entire affair could have been done and dusted a long time ago."
All of a sudden, he thought he felt the same cold that had crept through his veins earlier. The strange concoction that had made the ground crumble away beneath him piece by piece, leaving behind nothing but a bottomless void. Panicked, he tried to grab the IV needle, but found himself unable to move.
He returned the tome on the Crimean War between 1853 and 1856 to the dark wooden bookcase and sighed. Nervous energy pumped through his veins, not allowing him to relax. He paced back and forth in front of the narrow windows covered by heavy curtains, overlooking the quiet side street. It was early afternoon already, and the sun would be going down soon. Would they still manage to fly to Switzerland today?
Sherlock's left leg nestled between John's thighs, up against his flaccid alpha cock. His face was buried somewhere in the pillow next to John's head. The smells of their bodies, sex, and omega essence hung heavy in the air around them.
At the same time, he couldn't imagine that he'd be able to find a moment's peace that night. How was he supposed to sleep now that he finally had Sherlock back at his side? How was he meant to sleep and take the risk of waking up and discovering that it had all been just a dream?
As expected, Victor was already in the middle of packing up his few personal items. He had slipped into his ripped jeans and was just pulling a white t-shirt over his head when John came in.
"Really, Sherlock?" Mycroft said eventually, his voice dripping with sarcasm. He shook his head slightly and twisted his mouth. "Your little revolt will come to an end soon, I hope. We've long since passed the status of ridiculous."
"No, not necessarily. The only thing we've found out is the omega's name, and that he was acquainted with Gwendoline McKenzie. She used to give him piano lessons," Lestrade summarised.
He looked over at John, who was still standing in the doorway, trying to figure out what the phone call was about. In addition, Sherlock still recalled John's warning about the risk of an unprofessionally conducted interview endangering the case. But what if the suspect wouldn't answer questions from anyone else? At least there was a good chance Sherlock would get some answers he wouldn't otherwise have.
"I think you should leave." He abruptly walked out of the room, not waiting to see whether John or Sherlock was following him.
"I don't know." John shrugged in turn and bit down on his lower lip. He wanted to choose his next words with care, but didn't know how to put it so that it didn't sound offensive. It probably wasn't possible. "You don't think the omega is solely responsible for all these horrific acts, do you?"
Something in him was convinced that if he went up to John and demanded that he take care of him, John wouldn't turn him down. Maybe he'd draw Sherlock in close and take him in his mouth while his fingers rubbed Sherlock's hole and forged a way inside to his most intimate spot. Sherlock bit down hard on his lip and squeezed his eyes shut at the thought that John had done something very much like that downstairs after he'd chased Lestrade away, when he'd pushed Sherlock up against the wall and made sure that the other alpha hadn't laid a hand on him.
"The chilli still needs a while. Will you decorate the cupcakes with me?" Abigail asked, holding a piping bag under Victor's nose.
A lengthy walk followed by a visit to the nearest pub had soothed his anger. Fortunately, he hadn't given in to his initial impulse to go to Scotland Yard and confront that alpha DI. The brisk night air had quickly cooled off his hot head, allowing him to think more clearly. Of course Lestrade hadn't been at the flat. John would have smelled a strange alpha right away. Sherlock would also never denigrate himself in order to be allowed to help out on a case: on the contrary, the Yard usually came to Sherlock looking for his help and assistance. Most likely some underling had brought the files over for Sherlock...
John was happy to visit with his family, of course, but nothing was able to make up for the disappointment of not having seen Sherlock. He still hadn't come to a decision about Bill's request, even though he knew he was only using Sherlock's missing input as an excuse.
Sherlock turned away from the window, looking grim. His eyes were drawn to the door, and he felt the sudden onset of an urge to go outside and get some fresh air, to finally escape the confines of these four walls. At the same time, though, an indefinable fear seeped in, nipping that impulse in the bud. What was going on? Should he consult Mike Stamford? No, out of the question, not after what had happened at their last consultation.
"I've had it up to here! First you virtually force me to contact my parents and Bill, and then you do nothing but complain about it! You want to stay here? Fine! But if your heat starts in the next few days, don't expect me to make the trip down here from Leeds, do you hear? I'm not your bloody slave!"
His heart was virtually nothing more than a stiff lump behind his ribs; it didn't even seem to be a part of him anymore. Was this what Moriarty had planned all along from the beginning? Was this what was intended to destroy Sherlock; to burn the heart out of him?
"Hm... it's a little smaller than yours, by my estimate. But that doesn't matter," Sherlock said, poking the deflated knot. "As long as it does what it's supposed to!"
But Sherlock did. He grasped Victor's face in both hands and kissed him gently. "I want you... I wanted you from the very start," Sherlock whispered just as softly and pressed his body up against Victor's. A condom appeared under Victor's nose. He looked up in surprise, only to see Ryan's enigmatic smile, but he took the prophylactic and rolled it down over his erection. After spreading some lube around, he bent over Sherlock once more.
At least Sherlock hadn't insisted that John find his own place yet, which could be viewed as a positive development. Maybe John simply had to accept being ignored by Sherlock most of the time.
The first step was usually to check whether the omega had a bite mark, but that wasn't always possible right away. Alphas could lose control over themselves quite rapidly where injured or endangered omegas were concerned, which in turn could lead to them unwittingly destroying evidence in their efforts to protect the omega. For that reason, alphas at the Yard were required to apply a scent blocker under their nose before entering a crime scene – which Lestrade had neglected to do.
Sherlock had announced that he intended to stay at the hotel, muttering something about research as John said good-bye. They agreed to meet later at John's parents' to sit them down for a serious discussion.
It was upside-down to Sherlock, but he recognized the same omega who had given him the drug the previous night. Her lips were blue and split, and her eyes were clouded over with a milky film. A strangely cold shiver ran down Sherlock's spine.
"A couple of alphas from the Yard attacked the omega female in heat. Lord Moran defended her and barricaded himself in his house with her," he succinctly summarised things for John.
"Oh, sorry. I just grabbed something to cover up while you were in the shower so I could make breakfast. Here." He slid the blue garment off his shoulders and held it out to Sherlock with an inviting smile. "It's really comfy."
Sherlock sighed with frustration and massaged his temples. An insistent pounding was developing behind them, significantly impairing his thought process.
Mycroft gave his head a barely perceptible shake, as if he couldn't believe it himself. "It's impossible... I buried him."
His arms folded across his chest, Sherlock glanced back over his shoulder and turned slowly around. John didn't look any different than he had a few days ago. He simply looked tired, a little pinched around the edges, and poorly shaven, but also... happy. A faint, barely perceptible smile twitched at the corners of his mouth when their eyes met.
His legs gave out as soon as he stood up. It felt as if his bones had dissolved into the jelly-like substance of his muscles, and he'd lost any strength he might have had. He tripped over the low coffee table, banging his shin on the edge. His hands flew out automatically to cushion his fall, but a stabbing pain flashed through his body. He lay on the carpet, having hit rock bottom, and tried to order his thoughts and take stock. But his brain refused to allow so much as a single lucid thought. The only things he was aware of were pain, his rattling breaths, and nausea.
The air in this room was different than in the rest of the flat. It hung thick and heavy between the walls, pregnant with an amalgam of smells. It was almost as if Sherlock were still there, as if his presence hadn't vanished entirely. John listened to Greg's footsteps receding, the click of the outer door to the flat closing.
Taking a deep breath, John lies down again and pulls the duvet over his shoulder. His heart is still pumping blood through his veins faster than necessary. It takes time before he is able to relax and sleep eventually catches up with him.
. At least one of them has already agreed to join in our little game … well, not voluntarily, of course!"
John pushed Sherlock against the nearest wall and put his hands underneath Sherlock's knees to have a firmer grip on him, then resumed his thrusts.
He made an extremely unfavourable impression on John. The main factor was certainly his knowledge of what a horrid person the Lord was. The fact that he'd made advances toward Sherlock didn't help the situation. But the ultimate reason for John's immediate revulsion was the offensive odour emanating from the alpha. That was apparently the price one paid for bonding with multiple omegas, John thought testily.
A furious quiver ran through the young man's body. His hands balled into fists, he glared at Victor but kept himself reined in because of John. "It's all your fault!"
John let his gaze wander down to his knee and let out a long, drawn-out grunt. His chin was resting on his hand, his elbow propped up on the armrest of his chair.
This chapter is largely indebted to Belladonna, who pulled me out of the plot swamp and helped more than a little with formulating the gaslighting. :D *hugs*
?" John barked, livid. "Sherlock has only himself and his big mouth to blame for all of this. You needn't reward him with food on top of it. Much less do his chores for him. Don't you always insist you're not our housekeeper? Go on, get out. I don't want to have you up here."
After having a shower together – neither one being able to tolerate the other's absence for more than a couple of minutes – they sat in bed, naked: John leaning against the headboard and Sherlock with his back to him, wedged in between his spread legs.
"That's what I thought," Cilia said. She finished off her drink, licked her chocolatey lips, and set the cup back down on the saucer. She then folded her hands on top of her belly and gave John a contemplative look. "Right, not every relationship is as modern or as equal as ours. And we also have to kowtow to certain conventions, like putting assets in the alpha's name. Bill told me last night that you had no idea about that."
It was a test. One final test whether Sherlock would choose to capture his arch-enemy or save John Watson.
Sherlock resumed taking cases after a while, and consulted DI Lestrade at the Yard whenever he got stuck. Sherlock didn't know whether anything was going on between Mycroft and Lestrade – or at least, he didn't want to know. He ignored the occasional tang of tobacco and tweed that he picked up around Lestrade, and hoped and prayed that whatever was brewing in the background wouldn't explode one day.
No sooner had Victor gulped down the last bite of his breakfast than he checked the time on his phone and leapt to his feet. "We should be making a move," he said and went to the sink to put his cup in it.
," he gasped and closed his eyes, trying to regain control of his senses. "That was..." He shook his head weakly, unable to find the appropriate words.
No matter what he did, nothing helped. The feelings of emptiness and abandonment were becoming overwhelming, and he whimpered and sobbed, beside himself. How was he supposed to get through this? What if John never came back? What if he'd decided that such an obstinate omega as Sherlock wasn't worth taking care of? Could anyone blame him? Sherlock would have chastised himself for his behaviour, if he weren't already writhing in agony. How could he ever have thought it was a good idea to bond with an alpha?
John swallows hard. He reviews the past few days, thinking about the different situations in which he and Sherlock had intimate encounters in some form or other. Although John has always taken up Sherlock's suggestions - as always, when Sherlock wants to do something exciting - he now he realises that at the same time, he has never crossed this imaginary border that would have included his own wishes.
John read the three letters again, mulling over their contents. It looked like Sherrinford had sent his younger brother letters like this repeatedly, giving him deprecatory messages. The negative tone was undeniable. The question was: why? What possible advantage had Sherrinford seen in torturing Sherlock in this manner for years on end? In keeping him down?
John started off the last day of the year with a sinking feeling in his stomach. He put it down to anxiety about the date, and tried to ignore it.
"Sherlock." The monotone voice on the other end instantly catapulted Sherlock back to the past, to a life he'd left behind long ago.
"Oh God, yes," Sherlock whispered raggedly and sped up his pistoning motions until his cock bounced against his stomach with a soft slapping sound. He had no doubt that it wouldn't take much more until he climaxed. If he wasn't careful, the game would be up before John got home. A greedy, touch-starved part of him almost didn't care.
In the next couple of scenes on the video, the interrogation continued, but Moriarty continued to remain silent. Now and then his cell was shown as it slowly transformed. Moriarty had begun to scratch letters into the concrete with the handle of a plastic spoon until the same word stood several times over in differing sizes on all of the walls in the camera's range:
Sherlock scowled over at Victor, a spark of disappointment in his eyes. The timid hope of finding acceptance shattered between them.
"I... no." Sherlock shook his head, only to immediately regret the move as his brain felt like it was colliding with the inside of his skull. He groaned and grasped his pounding forehead.
The spiel repeated. The questions stayed the same, and Moriarty stayed silent. Mycroft reached for the mouse and fast-forwarded the video. When he got to a recording two weeks later, he returned to normal speed.
He still wondered to this day whether he would have agreed to intercourse with John if he hadn't been in the midst of a hormonal delirium. Probably not. Although he'd probably always had a soft spot of some sort for the man, his animosity toward alphas was too strong. And yet the attraction which existed above and beyond their soul bond couldn't be denied. In other words, if he'd had to choose between John and another alpha, he would have chosen John without a second thought. He couldn't say whether that was enough of a justification, but nature didn't leave him much choice in that regard.
In short order, Sherlock had filled the kettle, plugged it in, and turned it on. The teabags were in the same cupboard where the coffee was kept. He dropped a bag into the empty cup and waited for the water to boil as he watched Lorraine ladle the next dollop of batter into the frying pan.
"Tea," John croaked, his voice rough with sleep and the past night. "… please." He cleared his throat and squeezed out two of the headache pills into his hand, rinsed them down, and finally emptied the glass the rest of the way.
"I don't know. There was another alpha who left the brothel that time together with me because he felt like his omega was dragging him out… But I haven't kept in touch with him. I can't even remember his name."
Sherlock was only too eager to comply with the demand, convinced that Victor had everything under control. He kissed and caressed Victor's lips, his tongue, the inside of his mouth. One hand on Victor's sweat-damp back, the other in his blond hair, Sherlock pulled his friend as close to him as he could, rolling his hips up toward him insistently, or as well as he could under Victor's weight.
"I'd tear out the throat of anyone who laid a hand on you without consent," John insisted, sliding two fingers under Sherlock's chin to prevent him from breaking eye contact. "Which doesn't mean that I would punish you for it, or reinforce a so-called claim of possession in some twisted way. Just the opposite. Sherlock, if anyone hurt you – I'd chase them down to the ends of the earth, but I'd never make you pay for it!"
"Don't look so bent out of shape," Victor whispered, then turned the light out and lay down next to Tom. He propped his head on his hand so he could see Tom... and so he could catch a glimpse of Sherlock, of whom nothing further was visible than a couple of tousled curls.
"Dull..." Sherlock muttered. "I'll have another tea, then turn in," he added as a conciliatory gesture.
John hears the shower in the bathroom turn on and curses the blush that creeps up his face again. With an overwhelming stir in his groin, he thinks back to the past afternoon: how he brought Sherlock to climax, how Sherlock's body felt in his arms and the wonderful sounds he made. John likes to think back on Sherlock's peaceful expression too, when he finally lay naked in his bed and almost fell asleep on the spot.
"What were you talking to him about?" John asked once he and Victor had got into a taxi to drive to the train station.
The Lord himself lay lifeless and nude on his bed. His wrists had been bound to the bedframe with cable ties. His head lolled down onto his chest and his legs were spread and bound as well, as if someone had wanted to make sure there was no way Moran could move. John only noticed on the second glance that the sheets beneath Moran's body weren't naturally red, but soaked with the alpha's blood.
"It has nothing to do with love, Mrs Hudson. It's nothing more than a biological reaction between two bodies." Sherlock crossed his arms defensively over his chest and gave her a dark look.
"Can I have a look?" John asked and sat up. Sherlock gazed up at John for a moment, considering, then unbuttoned his shirt and spread the two halves. The oval scar lay just under Sherlock's ribcage and had healed well. The new skin had a reddish hue and shimmered faintly in the light of the lamp on the nightstand. John reverently ran his fingers over it, feeling its texture.
John resisted the temptation to return to his omega. Instead, he sighed quietly, rolled onto his side, and pulled the blanket up over his shoulder. The exertions of the last few days had taken their toll, and ensured that John was sound asleep a few moments later.
Sherlock turned his back and folded his arms, refusing to go into the bedroom to fetch his bag. "It's better for me to stay here."
Victor took his own sweet time. He brushed John's prostate once or twice, until John was shaking with ecstasy and pushing down on Victor's fingers impatiently.
He used the order as an excuse to step in front of the half-open bathroom door and ask Sherlock what he wanted. He didn't want to admit – even to himself – that his true purpose was to reduce the distance from his omega.
He stood just outside the front door, staring down at the rain-slick asphalt. Sherlock stepped up beside him and put an arm around his waist.
Creating just a few millimetres of distance between them, Victor caught Sherlock's eye and tried to read something there. Anything. He didn't know what. Maybe a confirmation. Or fear. Or affection. Love. He couldn't make any sense of the black islands floating in metallic seas, sucking him into their depths like a vortex.
Sherlock didn't make tea though; instead, he prepared a hot-water bottle, which he then brought to bed with him. The t-shirt he'd filched out of John's duffle earlier got pulled over his pillow like a casing, before he snuggled up with both items and sighed happily. Maybe he really should have tried this earlier...
"Yes, definitely," Sherlock cut him off and kissed him again before grabbing his hand and tugging him toward his room. John stopped short in the kitchen, however.
the phantom in the back of his mind. And he was firmly resolved to finally honour the agreement he'd made with John over four years ago.
(And if Sherlock isn’t playing a game, if this has a chance of being real, then it could be the best thing to ever happen to me. Besides, there are always two players in such a game...)
"Come on," John muttered with annoyance, haphazardly folding up the newspaper with his free hand. The sound of the phone ringing on the other end buzzed in his ear, echoing off the inner surface of his skull as if to mock him. But there was no answer.
John thanked her and sat down on the couch. He slipped out of his half-boots so as not to leave any dirt on the expensive fabric before lying down. His overworked muscles and bones complained, aching, as the fatigue weighed his limbs down like lead.
A man pushed his way up to the bar next to John, his order swallowed up by the deafening music. He turned toward John and gave him a once-over, grinning from ear to ear. He towered over John with his lanky figure. His white mesh top didn't do a thing to conceal his slender chest.
"That's spicy," John warns, but Sherlock has already put a spoonful in his mouth. John snorts when he sees Sherlock trying to maintain his composure, but finally collapses with laughter and turns away, panting. "I'm sorry," John chuckles, "I should have warned you first!"
Contrite, John brushed a couple of stray locks of hair off Sherlock's forehead. "I mean it makes sense, doesn't it? The things you've described... The fact that he still frightens you even today... It sounds like reports from victims of sexual assault."
?!" Completely beside himself, John kicked the chair he'd been sitting in a moment before. It fell over with a wooden crash and skidded into the nearest wall.
"You're welcome," John said smugly, and immediately felt a little less tense. "You were really fantastic. Simply phenomenal."
"Yes. Instead of directing his hatred toward Sherrinford, he turned it inward against himself. Sherrinford extricated himself neatly from the scandal by not only confessing but also telling Sherlock that I had known all about it."
"Wilhelmina? What does she want from you? And how did she get your address?" Sherlock asked curiously.
Victor scooted back a bit on the seat in order to give Sherlock's lanky form more space, drawing him closer at the same time and seeking out his lips.
John gazed reverently at the figure sleeping in his arms. He didn't dare to caress Sherlock again, even though his fingers were itching to do so, to run across his soft omega skin or plunge into his dark curls – not now that the initial passion of the heat had faded. Sherlock had reacted extremely negatively to John's instinctive displays of affection, taking the first chance he got to flee. Even though the omega had had the same instinct after they'd copulated, seeking contact and reaching for John's arm over and over again to stroke it.
"What was your connection to Colonel Sebastian Moran? Who do you work for? Who is giving you orders? What do you want from Sherlock Holmes?" The agent paused after each one of these questions and waited for an answer, but Moriarty didn't say a word, just kept grinning to himself. A good half hour passed in this manner before the agent capitulated and stood up. Before he'd reached the door, the video cut out and the scene jumped to the next recording.
"First the bond which wasn't even real, then the refusal to so much as see him even though it was obvious how much he needed it. You haven't the slightest notion how hard it was over there, and how much we had to witness. Coming home to Cilia was the only thing that kept me sane. But John..." Bill raised her gaze to look Sherlock in the eye for the first time.
Sherlock gave a sigh of annoyance. "It's fairly obvious that she's in no state to be taking on employment. No one would hire a heavy drinker with anger management issues who's currently waging a personal crusade against two-thirds of the human race! No, instead she's hunkered down at your parents' because that's the only place where she can finally get all the attention she was denied for so long."
Donovan tried to broach the topic of Anastasia's condition, but the lawyer brushed off any objections, referencing an alpha's right to ensure that no rivals touched their omega during the latter's heat. And most especially not on their property. He also found fault with the other officers who had lost control over themselves in the fracas, and labelled their behaviour as irresponsible. The fact that Anastasia had been injured was solely the result of the consequences stemming from those actions, and in no way the fault of her alpha.
"He attacked me... I defended myself," Sherlock summarised vaguely, without meeting his brother's eyes. "He had a weapon in his hand, and I had nothing with which to protect myself. John was too far away, and then... then he was too close. I knew that Moriarty would shoot him once he'd killed me. He was out of control, completely insane..."
As soon as they were seated, a glass was placed in Sherlock's hand. He stared at the reflections dancing on the dark red surface of the liquid as if hypnotised. Ryan sat to the right of Sherlock and Victor to his left; both men took a glass as well. The heavy scent of wine infiltrated Victor's nose, tickling his palate. He took a sip, even though he didn't particularly like red wine, and set the glass back down on the table. His heart was beating frantically in his chest, as if it were trying to free itself from the chill grip that held it fast.
He scooped the liquid batter out of the nearby plastic bowl and into the pan, which he tilted back and forth a little to distribute it evenly, then kept an eye on it as the mixture slowly solidified. He felt a bit smug when he heard Lorraine inhale sharply with surprise when he reached unerringly into the spice rack and sprinkled a generous portion of cinnamon onto the pancake.
"Oh..." Sherlock unconsciously touched the bandage wrapped around his chest underneath the hospital gown.
Sherlock pinched his brows together as he tried to come up with an answer, attempting to focus on a spot in the distance. A fixed point. Something that would stop him from looking at John and having to be confronted by the disappointment and helplessness in his eyes.
His lips brushed John's face, his eyebrows, forehead, and ears. "You're not like them. You're something very special… unique."
Lestrade was the next best thing to a friend that Sherlock had. It couldn't... it simply could not be that... He wasn't... like
It wasn't far to drive over the bumpy cobblestones, barely taking ten minutes before they parked in front of a terraced house. Marcus led his guests into the living room, flipped on the lights, and said they could sleep there. Abigail brought Sherlock – who was clearly dizzy – into the kitchen, where she gave him a glass of water and a headache pill, while the others spread out the sleeping bags they'd brought along.
It wasn't until much later, after he'd gulped down a sandwich and drunk a cup of coffee, that John felt he was ready to ask Bill what had happened. He barely remembered anything other than the all-engulfing panic and the knowledge that his omega was in a life-threatening situation.
Behind him, he heard Victor blurt out a guttural sound before knocking John's legs further apart with his knees and pounding into him hard. Victor's fingers dug mercilessly into John's skin, leaving red marks in their wake.
John looked at her, exhaled the air from his lungs, and shook his head slightly. "I'm sorry, Mary. I'll ring you, all right?"
"How do you know what I want..." John muttered, drawing the blanket closer around his shoulders and ignoring Victor's searching look.
When Sherlock saw John falling apart, tears running down his cheeks, he reached out and pulled him in, hugging him as hard as he could.
"Everything's grand," Sherlock murmured, rubbing his palm across his face. "Tired... My head hurts."
It only took a few seconds before John felt the cold fluid creeping through his veins. His panic increased exponentially. Not knowing what the hell Moriarty was giving him, not being able to guess what might happen to his body in the next few minutes, triggered a deep-seated fear that he'd never felt to that degree before.
"It would be a first, yeah? I can't think of a single omega who's committed murder on their own initiative. Whenever an omega's been implicated in a crime like this, it's been because their alpha was the driving force. Bonnie and Clyde? The moors murderers in Manchester? The Wests and their torture chamber? I'm not saying the omegas were innocent to any degree at all, but there was always an alpha pulling the strings."
Sherlock was unable to express in words how much he wanted to wipe the roguish grin off Moriarty's face. "A heart monitor. Why should I watch this?" Being careful not to let any traitorous emotions show through, Sherlock lifted one eyebrow and glared at the other man through the screen as he focused his mind to try to identify the darkened room Moriarty was in.
John jerked awake. He instinctively reached for the back of his neck, still feeling the echo of the bite beneath the surface of the slowly dissolving dream. All he found were tense muscles beneath his fingers. It took him a while to sort out the various signals his body was sending.
"Yes, and although she wasn't exactly enthusiastic about having to look for another job at first, she wound up preferring it in the end. The worry that she might get injured and never return to us became greater as time went on, even if it was fairly unlikely given the hospitals where she was stationed. But you know better than anyone how wrong a person can be about something like that."
Mycroft turned to the two omegas with a somewhat awkward air, only letting his gaze skim over them. He slotted the hand he had shaken the DI's with into his jacket pocket.
Sherlock turned his face toward John and grimaced sourly. "You're going to wonder what kind of family you've landed in…"
Sherlock sat up and glared angrily at his brother's wife. "Don't project your problems onto me, Anthea! Why don't you confront your alpha and ask him why he's always hanging around that DI, hm? Why don't you ask him which rock he's been hiding under for your whole pregnancy, just so he won't have to face the reality of his hypocritical lifestyle?"
"No, not really. I only wanted to wind him up... test him... I don't know. At any rate, I never considered that Sherlock didn't have any experience up to then. I mean... even back then, he had a way of looking at you, looking directly inside you and knowing every last thing about you without ever exchanging a single word. It was... brilliant – and bloody frightening," Victor said, taking a careful sip from his bottle.
Sherlock growled and tried to put an end to that train of thought, but doubts rumbled loudly in his gut. What if John was lying to him? What if he hadn't been able to resist the other omega? What if this child was actually John's? And now Sherlock was supposed to go visit this woman and her child, and act as if nothing had happened? Especially now, when he himself was unable to go into heat and give his alpha what he desired more than anything?
"Right, then – I'll fetch you from your dorm at seven. You should be done by then. And no striped jumpers tonight, got it?" Victor said, a smile playing at the corner of his mouth when he saw Sherlock rolling his eyes.
John gave Sherlock a curious look and shook his head slightly. "I'm not even sure I understand what it means. It just says here that couples should accustom themselves to scenting on a regular basis."
"In my... I live here! Of course I can!" Even more determined than a few seconds ago, Sherlock pulled away from the alpha and flung open the kitchen door. He hurried down the stairs, certain that John would be hot on his heels.
He'd got a cup of tea from the vending machine in the common room and was on his way to his favourite spot – a window seat with a view of the garden – to read one of the new books that had arrived in the last delivery. He hadn't been allowed to look through the Spartan offerings yet, and his state of ignorance had led to a kind of childlike curiosity sprouting in him.
Sherlock watched with fascination as Lestrade looked up at Mycroft, then quickly turned his gaze to Anthea. A smile tugged at the corners of his mouth, but it didn't appear genuine. More... apologetic – despite the fact that he'd neither said nor done anything that might have hurt Anthea in any way. The Detective Inspector said his good-byes shortly thereafter, shaking hands with Mycroft before leaving the house.
After the shower, Sherlock and John went into the kitchen clad only dressing gowns and slippers to find something to eat. Unfortunately, the refrigerator hadn't magically filled itself in the meantime. Instead, the fragrance of cinnamon and tea lured both men to the front door of the flat. On the landing stood a tray with a Thermos, a basket of cinnamon rolls, and a covered quiche. The meal bore all the marks of coming from Mrs Hudson, but there was no sign of the woman herself. In fact, her scent was so faint that she must have left the building altogether.
That evening, John was in such a hurry to get home that he took the stairs two at a time. Sherlock was sitting in his black leather armchair in the living room, reading a book. He looked up in surprise when John came in.
It was different than his first heat, during which Sherlock had had to provide his own relief for hours on end – a completely useless endeavour, in the event. Instead, this time John had been with him, had undressed him and pushed him up against the kitchen table and then penetrated him a short while later.
Uncertain whether she was insulting or teasing him, Sherlock folded his arms and jutted out his chin. "I was too little when—"
"John..." Sherlock sighs softly, pushing his pelvis up to meet John, reaching for his hips and increasing the friction. His hands glide over John's covered penis. "I want to see you naked this time," Sherlock whispers darkly and tugs impatiently at the waistband of his sweatpants.
The first forty-eight hours following the heat were pure torture. Every bone in John's body was sore, and he was so exhausted that he slept almost nonstop. His convalescence was only disturbed by sporadic trips to the loo and the consumption of large amounts of food.
Sherlock strengthened his grip on Victor and tried to get his emotions under control. Buttery soft leather brushed his damp cheek in a cool caress. "You can't forgive me for that..." he protested weakly, shaking his head against the crook of Victor's neck.
"You're an ignorant moron, John Watson! I've never been alone with him. And I haven't set foot outside the flat in two weeks, in case you haven't noticed!" Sherlock shouted angrily.
At the moment, he was thinking about Harry's past and her hatred for alphas and omegas. No one had told her that it was an omega who had saved her life, the reason being that no one was quite able to anticipate how she would react to the news.
His muscles tensed up automatically, clutching the knot a little harder and producing a low moan from behind him. John intensified his grip and leaned his forehead against the back of Sherlock's neck.
! Nothing more than marionettes!" The left-hand corner of his pink lips was drawn up in a permanent mocking position as he spoke.
Later that night, John was sitting on the couch, waiting for Sarah to finish her shower so he could use the bathroom. He absently flipped his phone over and over in his hand, pondering whether to ring Sherlock or not. Just to see how he was doing and ask if he was any happier now without John.
"What? In love? What makes you say that?!" she asked, completely flustered, while she hurriedly mopped up the water with a tea towel.
He was obviously not alone after all. John briefly debated whether he should retreat and leave Sherlock to his own devices, but on the other hand they had to see each other again sometime, so he might as well get it over with. Plus, he was missing his omega.
John ignored the hurt expression on Martha Hudson's face as she stalked out of the kitchen in high dudgeon. What he'd said was true, after all. He didn't want the elderly woman in the flat. He didn't want anyone here. Not her, not that policeman who brought Sherlock those dubious cases and had just marched into his territory the day before as if he had any right to do so. He didn't want to see
As soon as Mycroft had left the living room, Sherlock turned to John and clasped his face with both of his hands. He pressed their lips together, kissing John over and over, and leaned his forehead against John's.
"Friendship and love are very close..." John whispered, lost in thought, his gaze fixed somewhere between his hands and the table, lost in empty space.
"Oh... all right, good." Sherlock blew out a relieved breath and stood up. He needed to wait several minutes outside the swinging door to the delivery room before Anthea was brought out on a stretcher. She looked terrible. Her face was covered in red fever blotches, her eyes were bloodshot and swollen, her otherwise so neatly coiffed hair was tangled and dishevelled. Sherlock was surprised to see that the baby wasn't with her.
"That seems quite short notice... A last-minute invitation, as if they hadn't even planned to send one if you hadn't recently contacted them," Sherlock pointed out, making a dismissive gesture. He was painfully aware of the fact that he was the reason John had contacted Bill and Cilia. If he hadn't insisted that John resume communication with his family and small circle of friends, the invitation would probably never have been sent. The irony was bitter and difficult to swallow.
"D-don't... stop..." John whimpered breathlessly. His shoulders and arms hurt and his thighs were quivering, but he could feel his climax getting closer and closer. Pleasure scrabbled through his body, kept collecting in his pulled-up testicles, only to subside again like waves that never reached their crest.
John cursed the flush of red that rose to his face. "It's been seven months since I thought he died. That's more than enough time, isn't it?"
"I... er..." he said lamely, scratching the back of his head. "Look, after what happened last time I don't think it's a good idea."
"No, Sherlock!" John shook his head vehemently. "We most certainly are not going to beg your brother for money so that we can support my parents financially. They'd never agree to that, and neither do I. We'll think of something else."
Mycroft nodded. "Yes. As I said, he already had a tendency due to his lifestyle to reach for drugs when he was under emotional pressure. He disappeared for three days and I turned London upside-down to find him, pulled out all the stops and informed Mr Trevor, who took the next flight to England in the hope that he could help with Sherlock. I eventually found him in an abandoned building that was being used by junkies as a flophouse. Sherlock was huddled on a filthy mattress, the only source of light a candle that was burned almost all the way down. When I entered the room, he'd already shot up. The belt he'd used as a tourniquet was hanging loose around his wrist. He looked at me, but I don't think he recognised me... The last few days had left their mark on his body. The will to live had faded from his eyes. The scene was... disturbing."
