“Come on, let’s have some cocoa!” Jess suggested.
“That’d be great, just one moment,” Castiel said as he looked around. “Jack! Over here!”
“We got two cars currently. There’s a board in the garage. One has carburetor issues and the other is brakes. Nothing you three cannot handle,” Bobby stated.
He slid his soapy fingers into Dean’s crack which made the man shudder as they passed over the ring made of muscle. Castiel continued to rub his cock against the side of Dean’s ass as he lathered the space between Dean’s cheeks. His finger began o press in gently, just more and more, as much as it could go since this wasn’t proper lube.
Dean stood up and crossed the small room, only managing to put a few feet between them, “What do you want me to say, Cas? Sorry, the sex sucks, but that’s what human sex is. Okay? It’s not some big goddamn deal. It’s just this.”
Something about the rain, about the nightmares that were more memory than imagination, and Dean fought a shrug, “Had a bad dream.”
“I’m just in town by myself. I felt like maybe… I hadn’t just been alone in awhile.”
“Why can’t I go see him now?”
“Hey, Cas, it’s okay. I already saw, remember? I like it–“
“Yeah, yeah. Sam, two to beam up!”
“Okay.”
Dean put his hands on his hips to appreciate his handiwork, and turned to see Cas holding the drinks and waiting.
“How are you two doing? Scoring any numbers?”
Cas imagined standing by Dean’s grave, and what it would feel like to
At a certain point Cas switched places with Sam, who fell asleep promptly in the backseat. Dean took one hand off the wheel and left it on the seat, until Cas rested his own hand over it. Dean flipped his palm up and laced their fingers together. He remained staring blankly at the road, turning red, and Cas went back to smiling out the passenger window.
“Do you uh, need a ride home?”
“And what, you and Keith are gonna get married? You’re gonna tell him you used to live in a bunker? Have a daughter who doesn’t live with you? That you used to hunt demons, and oh yeah, you used to be an angel in literal freaking
“Yeah?”
Cas wasn’t smiling when he pulled away, but Dean grinned, “I like this version. You’re more believable than last time.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Hold on. That’s a drop in the bucket every time you do that, right?”
“I wanted to understand why I would befriend you in the future. If it was part of feeling broken. Having any kind of relationship with a human– I’d have to turn against heaven, my orders, my family. I couldn’t imagine a way it wouldn’t, essentially, destroy my life,” Cas patted Dean’s chest, as if this was all just normal conversation.
“I miss dancing,” he sighed before he could stop himself.
Dean exhaled, as if from a Herculean effort, and then ducked his head down like a teenager, “I uh. You know. If you felt like that happened to someone else, it wasn’t really our first time, was it?”
Dean shrugged on his jacket, and nodded even though Cas couldn’t see him, “So whose body is this? Ms. Crocker? First name isn’t Betty, is it?”
“Our plane of existence wraps around yours. It’s not an alternate world; it’s another layer of dimensionality. We can walk over the space and time of your reality the same way you can walk over a planet.”
I think this is the last spn fic i'll write. this is the most i've written for any fandom by a good mile, but i saw a post like 'what if cas never really stopped believing he was out of the empty' and it got stuck in my head, and THEN i listened to an oldies playlist on spotify and realized i still wanted to try and write an ending fix-it fic and something from cas's pov. as always i do not remember or know certain details of this show so some stuff may clash with canon, just like the real supernatural writers. the title is from the one, the only, "take it to the limit" by the eagles, or waylon jennings and willie nelson, or etta james.
“It’s good. They’re good things to pass on. I’d hate to see them get thrown out.”
“Yes. Thank you.”
But Dean only mimed getting up from his chair, and sat back down in it again. He could see someone walking back through the trees. He could recognize Cas by his gait and his silhouette, even when it was disappearing and reappearing out of sight between the trunks and shadows. He knew Bobby was watching him, and he heard the kindness in his gruff voice.
“Yeah,” Dean’s mouth twisted in what might have been a grin, “You know I used to think you were cute. That’s pretty funny.”
The both fell on the floor laughing trying to pick all the dimes up, joined suddenly by two old women and a man who looked like Hunter S. Thompson.
“Maybe I’ll know it.”
“Cut a– Fuck, Cas. Like the Mormons?”
He’s a weird, serious dude and then he’ll care about the smallest, dumbest things. He wants to make people happy. He puts up with too much shit but, when he doesn’t... That intensity,” Dean’s eyebrows jumped, “
Dusty scratched and wiggled out of Cas’s arms and pushed the door fully open, leaving Jack and Cas to stare at each other as she jumped on the bed and stuck her head under Jack’s chin. Jack pet her absently without looking away. Cas noticed his cast was a bright pink, and already decorated with a few signatures and drawings.
He sat in the passenger seat and let Cas explain gender to him, as he’d been learning through his teenage almost-daughter and Sam and the internet. Dean nodded over and over again, trying not to look like some friendless and ignorant dropout.
He got on his knees in the church to clean the pews. No Pinesol, but a greasy solution that smelled like alcohol and citrus all the same. The plan wasn’t so different than it had been many times before; get some money to figure out where you’re gonna sleep and eat first, and then worry about the rest. Lucky for him at least, being stuck in time was just a little bit enough like being stuck in the middle of anywhere else.
“See if I’m joking, Dean,” he closed the door.
Cas hung up and locked the motel room door behind him.
“Me too. About– I’m not for women.”
“Uh. Cool. Are we going to talk about that?”
“I wish you were here.”
“Oh. I thought you would go with me,” Cas wilted, “I don’t want to go in that case.”
Cas observed him for several minutes before saying, “You know I don’t need to sleep–“
“Yeah. You’re the car, get it? I want to be under you.”
He woke up before dawn. He didn’t have a way of telling time unless he walked downstairs and squinted at the grandfather clock in the dark that was probably off anyways. He wore his old clothes underneath his new, wet clothes to at least keep some kind of warm. He started walking to the ranch.
“Alright, alright. Can I stay and bother you?”
“Cas?”
She held the word, and he stared at it before signing,
He woke up again to a light in the hall, footsteps, the rumble of pipes whenever the washing machine ran, and muttering drifting from another room. He must have been hungry and thirsty, but mostly his throat, head, and stomach ached. As his eyes adjusted, he saw there was a plate with what might have been coffee cake slouched on it, and a glass of water next to the clock. There was a mug of something, the contents of which he could not see at this angle, but was likely coffee. There was an empty bottle of pasta sauce filled with water and holding wildflowers.
“I like Dean more than I thought I would. I was kind of hoping he was an asshole and I could tell you I don’t see it.”
“No. Fell asleep.”
She had a bell on her neck that jingled as she explored the room before coming back to rub against his legs. He knelt to scratch her head, and she allowed this before darting back out the door. He followed her down the hall, and stopped as he realized he was at Jack’s room. The door was slightly ajar. He could hear sniffling inside.
He heard a car door open. Dean’s voice.
“You were just answering a question. I didn’t expect it to be so… long.”
“Am I broken? In the future?”
She stood up, “I gotta go to the bathroom.”
“I know. I know, just give me a little more time. Don’t go anywhere. Any second now.”
“You really want me to tell you while you’re driving?”
“Yes, Dean.”
They’d started talking. Cas explained his night. The man beamed at the bit where he yelled at Sam, which made him feel less guilty about it.
“Alright. Dean–”
He turned back to Uriel.
“He’s not an angel anymore, he’s some dude who’s new to all this. Hey, I just got a text from him. You good to get Charlie her car back?”
“Okay.”
“You good?”
Anyways. It’s a word that means you got it bad, and boy, do you two got it bad.”
Finally, “But you don’t feel that way anymore, right? You know that I– That I can’t just move on. That Sam and Jack can’t. Right?”
“What’s left of it.”
He sighed, “It wasn’t a fight until he said some very unnecessary things to me.”
“Huh. Next time I see him I’ll apologize for not waiting until he hit acceptance. From a safe distance though.”
Cas’s chin tilted neatly back up, “It means that my memories of this time will be erased at some point. Possibly to stop me from acting in a way to prevent actions that have not yet happened.”
“Your first time, cowboy?”
Cas ate some cereal out of the box with his hands, and yawned. Sam came back with the fast, wired voice he usually saved for browsing lore sites.
It was strange. He wanted very badly to stay in the vessel; and the anxiety and fear of slipping back into his true self only made it harder. He could feel the threads of his human body coming apart, as if he was a sweater being unraveled as it tried to run away from what was pulling at it. Dean was on the other side of the wall, walking fast to keep up.
Sam stared at the fridge. How bad could it be?
Instead he let the anger in him run narrow and light like smoke winding upwards, and he said, “I’m in love with you. If that means anything.”
“Cas, you’re still hard. Please, please, use me,” Dean only had to mouth it, and to watch the puppet plead aloud with shining eyes.
“You are absolutely the old lady. And, I mean, this,” Cas imagined the space in conversation where Dean was likely gesturing nebulously at the phone, at himself, at the room, “Isn’t for everybody. I just said that without thinking. Just ignore me.”
or vague, glossy cleavage. He couldn’t now. He was just working through a weird moment when Cas had looked so blissed out and fucked without even taking his clothes off that Dean wasn’t sure how much time had actually passed while they’d watched each other across the room.
–bending his head between Cas’s legs on the bed, his hands gripping his thighs as he went down on him. Cas was balancing in the other man’s lap, the man’s hands on his chest, inside him but not moving. Cas pushed himself up and then down, causing the man in front to let out a muffled grunt at the inconvenience of a moving target. The man behind him kissed his neck, murmured something politely about how Cas could pick one or the other but not both at the same time, and Cas gasped as he thought about how the man bobbing between his legs had hair like Dean’s in this dark room lit dimly by the light from the apartment bathroom–
“Good. Because I’m saying I get it, you know? That’s what I’m trying to say. Fuck, I,” he laughed again, “I had this one dream, where I died–”
It was very important to know:  “What color was the heart?”
“That wasn’t in reference to you, in case you’re worried. I don’t usually try to tie guys down before noon.”
“Oh, Jack. I’ll talk to him. But you should know– He doesn’t mean it like that. He just… He doesn’t want to bother you. That’s all.”
“No. We’ve been texting. But I’m still afraid to hear him.”
“It’s no problem. Cold showers are supposed to be good for my health,” Dean closed his eyes, and Cas imagined both of them in the shower, which was unfair considering the entire situation.
Back then, the women in
“I like it. Reminds me of Springsteen.”
“I gotta piss.”
“Dick. You know what I mean.”
Dean looked at Bobby for help. He had mentioned meeting the famous Trill, Curzon Dax. Bobby looked back knowingly at him, trying to quietly communicate,
Why was that the thing everyone said? Even he’d almost said it to Cas.
Cas leaned forward to kiss him. Dean’s hands found their way to his neck, under his jaw, tugging at Cas’s hair to get him to tilt his head back as his mouth moved to the space under Cas’s ear, below his chin, to the hollow of his neck, moving the collar of his shirt out of the way.
“Sex.”
“You didn’t actually do that, did you?”
Cas was doing the mental math of honoring Claire’s trust while suddenly being deeply worried that Kaia was right.
“I don’t know. Nothing. Nothing that’s gonna scare you away.”
The sound of cloth shushing against the seats as Cas moved in the backseat, to sit diagonally and in better view even though Dean couldn’t bear to look away from the window, tone too soft to look at now, “Can I ask? What you would have done?”
“The dishes–”
“Whoa, whoa. This is just one of your romance book covers, isn’t it? Hey. We don’t have to do anything here. We could fuck in Times Square or Stone Henge, whatever. Or just hold hands, or talk about the agriculture thing or whatever– Cas, damn, where are you going?”
“Feeling shy, Cas?”
“You…”
“Hm.”
“You weren’t answering calls. We were worried.”
More gently than before; “I don’t want a holosuite, Dean. I don’t want to control time and space,” he put his palm over Dean’s knuckles, resting over Dean’s knee and still holding the shirt, “I want the real thing.”
Cas knocked on his door that night– it was Cas’s usual two knocks, short but clear, the pause between the first and the second almost too long as if he was reconsidering. Dean shrugged at himself. He’d had his mind wiped, right? He set his book down on the end table, open and face down to keep his page.
Cas let the phrase hang, because like most idioms, it would explain itself in time; he watched Dean get out of bed and go to the bathroom.
“You can close your eyes if you want. It’s a good town. Nobody’s gonna bother us.”
“Dean?”
He did. The entire time, he hadn’t thought once,
“And you’re not helpful. So I either have to convince you that you should send me back, which you won’t tell me how to do, or I can solve this on my own,” Dean smiled in the doorway of the house as it started to rain, “Which, I can do.”
Dean took a step back from the car like he’d been shoved. Cas realized he was breathing just as heavy. He realized Sam could probably hear them, and probably see them in the side mirror. He realized it was 10 am and there were families and truckers in the windows of the diner, and he was standing right next to a vintage car that was hard not to notice even when it wasn’t the site of an argument. Dean actually looked soft, which was rare these days. He was looking at Cas without any anger. It was only with some emotion cousin to fear. Dean started to slowly step around the car, keeping himself facing towards Cas. Cas resisted the urge to take off running. He could not resist the urge to stare down at his shoes.
“No. My mom. Rest her soul,” the man spoke to the rows of whiskey rather than Cas’s face, “God didn’t make me for women.”
“I suppose I have to have something left, in order to exist.”
“–Yeah, it’d be easier. A nice house, a nice job, never hunting or getting hurt. But it wasn’t me. All the stuff I went through was going to happen to me no matter what. It was destiny. Or maybe not destiny, but it's who I am now.”
“Yeah. She looked really excited, and I didn’t know if she was her friend or something, but then she said, ‘I can’t believe I get to kill you twice.’”
Cas hurried up from the bed, trying to be quieter as he spoke closer to the door, “Oh, I think, he texted me, saying he was–“
“And was it so hard?”
“Cas, Sam’s hurt. I– I’m at the hospital.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Leave it. I can do the cleaning up.”
Everything was going pretty well. The food was more home-cooked than greasy. It didn't get too crowded. And then Charlie had turned to Dean, quietly enough to not interrupt the conversation Sam and Harold were having about smoothies, and said:
“Who knows, maybe I am.”
Cas held the phone to his ear, tired and willing to wait. Then Dean’s voice was suddenly back, alarmed.
“Two little birdies happened to be in the area–“
“I’m sorry. I was happy you two liked each other.”
“Yeah. I’m not mad at Rita though, she’s just playing in character. It’s really fun that way,” Jack still sounded depressed.
Something was falling from the sky, a shooting star that had curved loose and was embering down, a firework in reverse. The gold light disappeared into the thick of the woods. He did not see it land. He thought, well, that’s something. And then curled up against a tree and lost consciousness.
The thunder rolled, and then Cas said, “I can feel it, you know.”
Dean fiddled with the empty beer cup and looked down the hall, “But I mean, what
Cas pushed himself up. Dean and Sam were still lying on the floor.
"Well, earlier, with the letter–"
“We’re not in your bed.”
“What?”
anything. I was just––” Sam shook his head, “I was scared as hell. I kind of felt like how dad must have felt, you know? I didn’t know what else to do except try to find out what had really happened to you.”
“And I mean, you
No herd or machine or hand could turn his head away from Dean at the moment, though he could not speak. Dean turned away from the road and they looked at each other. As they had done many times before.
“The fact that you’re not here?” he laughed bitterly, and Cas sensed the mood had soured as easy as that, “What do you want me to say? That I’ve been totally fine and you have nothing to worry about?”
“I know. I was thinking maybe we should move or, I don’t know, maybe try to build a little house on the property. Like a real house.”
“Did it hurt?”
“Hey, guys. Breaking the seal already?”
“Yeah, but how likely is that?”
“You still got that coat, don’t you?”
“And hopefully it’s easier when you have people around you who support you and love you and wouldn’t treat you any differently.”
“A man and I got into a fight over a diner radio.”
DEAN.
“... And?”
“What guy?”
“I wish I could see her.”
“There you are. You help the old lady fall asleep?”
“Sorry. Sorry, after all that I just started thinking–“ Dean clenched his eyes shut and folded his arms over the wheel, leaning his forehead down, “Fuck.”
“You know, if they needed someone to drive stick I’d be in higher demand. They better invent the damn car soon.”
“Jenny Lewis."
“Sure, it’s over there.”
“Thanks, Dean.”
“Bobby probably won’t tell you because of Cas’s honor or something. But I’ll come right out and say it. When you died or disappeared or whatever, your brother dropped off that man of yours––” and again,
“Can we sing? Like we used to when it was just us driving?”
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t0bPrt69rag
“Not to say what he needs to say to me, just yet. I just need a little more time.”
“To this?”
“Three. I–“ Dean stopped, and the road stretched on impossibly long, “You told me you loved me and then died. You dropped all of that on me and then left. You died
“I won’t. Goodbye, Rowena.”
and left a change of clothes outside the bathroom while he showered. Cas had finally entered the kitchen glowering with wet hair.
“Yeah. Yeah,” and then the voice faltered, “Shit. Yeah. But what if you don’t? What if something happens? Or you get scared again? Or you– Or you change your mind. I don’t want to be one of those boyfriends who doesn’t let you leave the freaking house, I want you to go. I want you and Jack to have a good time, he deserves some time alone with you. And me and Sam, you know, maybe the first time in our lives where we can just relax and be– Be kind of normal. Catch up on shit like normal brothers. So just– This is nothing. Ignore me. This is just my insecure bullshit. Fuck, you really know how to pick ‘em, huh?”
“I miss you too, Sam. Are you at the bunker now or with Eileen?”
“Dean,” Doctor Sexy said with incredible tenderness and bedside manner, “Do you want to stop with the procedure?”
Sam’s warped voice, “That’s great!”
“I’m not going to kill you, Castiel.”
“Then wait. I–– I know we have a dermal around here somewhere, just wait––”
“You did the best thing you can do. After doing the
“Somewhat. I still have some of my power. But I’m significantly… weaker.”
“That’s how I normally talk to him!”
“Did you?” Uriel turned to him with some amusement, and then back to the Greyhound, as people got on, “It has been awhile.”
“Yeah. There’s still plenty of suffering.”
“What else? What are we going to argue about?”
“Yeah, sure.”
“Okay.”
Dean reached out for the beer can, “I’m about to smash this over your ankle like I’m christening the world’s most annoying boat.”
“Yeah. Yeah, it’s uh, it’s nice.”
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AYqJtqyeilE
Cas’s head was tucked down into Dean’s shoulder, dragging himself in and out, his breath wet and misting heavily against Dean’s skin. Dean turned his head to brush his mouth against Cas’s ear, which earned him a surprisingly high-pitched groan, and a, “Dean,
Cas crawled into the space made for him. The rain went on and on far away but close enough to hear under the sounds of breathing and pleading and the moving of bodies and sheets against each other.
“Because you can’t just force people to do shit, Cas!” Dean was pushing himself on his elbows, ready to yell something about what had all these months together been for if Cas hadn’t even learned something as simple as that?
“Very tired,” he leaned back on the throw pillow, “For a second, before I lost consciousness, I thought it was… I thought it was…”
"You didn't tell Dean about– about where I was that night, did you?"
Cas elbowed the guy in the nose, and heard the telltale crack. The man swore and cupped his hands over his face; red started to leak through and drip on his jacket. Cas pushed himself to his feet, almost tripping over his coat. He trembled furiously as he looked down at the man. He breathed out and his body suddenly felt still and very cold.
“English literature,” he shrugged, as if that was predictable.
Sam looked like he was about to say something, and then very abruptly did not say anything when Dean said in a voice he hated and didn’t expect, “Are you in love with this guy?”
magnificent. And I miss being able to heal.”
“I never said we should go to the library.”
“Agreed.”
Cas frowned at the ground. He put a hand on his chin. He squinted up at the darkening sky like he was thinking very hard, and Dean realized he was getting his leg pulled.
Cas woke up alone. There was light under the door to the hallway. The clock said 8 am. It was Dean’s room, and he leaned over to fuss with the lamp until he found the switch.
Jack stood up, “This is, um, a present. For my dad. It’s a surprise. Well, it’s not a surprise anymore, because it’s happening. Now. Sam is gonna help sign for us because I’ll be. Uh. I’ll be holding a guitar.”
Some internal clock told Dean an alarm would go off soon to tell Cas to wake up for work. He coiled around Cas and waited for the alarm like an enemy.
"You don't seem to have trouble approaching it now."
Dean could see Cas’s jaw clench.
And then he left.
Cas did not reply immediately, and at first he thought that he should clarify he meant in general, and not just something from the kitchen, until Cas said very simply, “No. I do like having a job and coworkers. I like my friends here. Maybe it would be nice to stay in Kansas.”
Cas finally shuttered his eyes closed, and said nothing.
“No, I already ate.”
“So no beard. Noted.”
“Oh,” Dean put a hand over his mouth, “So. What’s the scoop?”
“Did I finish or am I still making you run this goddamn marathon?”
“No. And then you did the best you could, and you apologized to a friend you hurt, and you give him space.”
His vocabulary left something to be desired. There were the first mentions of Keith, how he was very gentle and forgiving, almost timid but very confident without being aggressive, how he found Cas funny and interesting.
Dean finally muttered, “Sorry. We don’t have to.”
ah son of a bitch here we are again. okay. this one got a little more uh explicit than usual. have fun with that.
“Why, that almost sounds healthy.”
Dean pulled out a faded purple album that Cas recognized from the internet, “
“Yeah, but the ideas of you I got in my head now,” Dean whistled, “I’m set.”
And then Jack would begin walking, and never turn around, and Cas would realize that he was being led in circles. There was no exit. There was no Jack. And then the thing pretending to be Jack
“Wait, shit. Sorry. I meant, yes, I get it. Because I feel the same way. I just started overthinking today and blew a gasket. I only see Mia once a week, our next call is Tuesday. But I talked to Sam and I was just– I was just freaking out. I shouldn’t have called you and dumped all of that on you. I still want you to come home. I still want you to be here. I still– I can’t say it over the phone but you know. You have to know by now, right?”
“Is that how you felt? Bored?”
Dean sounded breathless. He kept looking around Cas’s face as if was trying to find his eyes and kept missing them. Cas lifted his hands and cradled Dean by the jaw; his eyes froze, trembling, afraid of getting caught. Cas kept his voice soft.
Dean brought him to the living room and pulled out a very worn out cardboard box full of lesser or equally worn down cardboard envelopes.
“I should have told you about Keith. It’s a very big thing to drop on you. I know I– I have a habit of leaving very suddenly. I still think of things in terms of being one place, and then being another. I forget about the in-between part.”
Dean’s hands dropped. He looked down rather frankly at Cas’s lap. His smile only tilted to one side. He looked up. Cas could see the twitch in the mouth, the searching eyes; Dean was scared. He was trying not to show it. He took a deep breath, and Cas leaned towards him automatically, jealous of the air. Dean exhaled, and his shaking hand reached out and rubbed Cas’s thigh.
Sam shrugged, “Charlie said she’d take us to one.”
“I wasn’t planning on leaving, Dean.”
“Cas, let us take you somewhere out to eat. Or better yet you can come over to our place, there’s a washer and dryer. What is up with you and that coat?”
this,
Cas had thought about walking around back to the front of the bar, but he didn’t have any cash on him. The man had asked him for five dollars when they’d entered. He had a credit card, which some people accepted as currency and some people didn’t. He sat on the back steps instead and thought over his life.
“You keep looking at my cast.”
“Well, you better hurry then, huh?”
“Dean.”
“But we all agreed to that kind of thing.”
Cas stepped in. Dean barely stopped himself from clearing his throat.
“Unfortunately sometimes at this job we have to play other people’s requests. Let’s see what we got on the list right now. Oh. Oh, B, we can’t play this.”
Cas sat up and kissed him as a reply, then scooted back down gracelessly to his earlier position. Dean smiled fondly, blinked slowly.
Cas heard someone in the background ask something, probably Sam judging by the cadence. Dean’s voice pulled away from the phone, whispering.
“You fucker–” Dean, a human, a mortal being whose existence was a flash in the pan already half burnt, had the audacity to grab Castiel, the former Angel of Thursday, by the love handles and make him laugh (“Don’t! I’m ticklish.”) as he pushed him out of the room and into the hall.
, and a squeaky hospital cot in a vacant room with mood lighting. None of those stains and clunky machines like real hospitals always had.
“Sure. I don’t think I can do this forever. I’ll have to drag Dean away to retirement first before I can really relax. But this is my life, Cas. I don’t like all the things that happened to me, but all I can do at the end of the day is know who I am now and know who I want to be. It’s my life and I have to live it as myself, not as some fantasy version that was never me in the first place.”
Cas hesitated long enough to consider if that was an innuendo, and then returned to chasing Dean patiently around the car, “We’ll still remember it in the morning.”
Cas’s face tingled. He felt, strangely enough, tears in the corners of his eyes.
“Then a car pulled over, and a man got out and told them all to ‘beat it.’”
“Just did. His friends are funny. They’re turning him against us old people but he seems pretty happy.”
“S’okay, sweetheart. Up to you. Take your time.”
. “Cas, it’s Dean. I dunno whether you can hear this but… it’s Sam, Cas. He’s pretty bad. I can’t help him. I-,”
“Dean, sweetheart,” Jody tried to keep the exasperation out of her voice. “You can’t just run off like that,”
“Dean.
Dean lifted his own hand shakily and stared at it, before looking around him at the confusion. He still didn’t know what was going on but something in him was screaming at him that this should be familiar, that he should
Cas looked back at him from about ten centimeters away from his nose.
Dean had been watching them back and forth, arms folded across his chest and a bewildered expression on his face. Finally he rolled his eyes and waved a hand.
“Exactly. So you two go in there and hold hands, and I’ll be in the motel going through more of the research and those little symbols that showed up carved in one of the people, and I’ll pop in and out as the friendly brother helping you move in.”
“Breathe,” he said softly, and Dean made a sulky face at him for even suggesting he might have forgotten the oxygen requirement. Still, his body slowly relaxed, a too quick breath gradually finding a slower alternative, and Dean’s eyes fluttered shut as he let out a soft groan-sigh.
The angel shoved the door open so roughly that it almost flew off its hinges, marching into the living room and looking around anxiously.
Castiel released his breath slowly and stared ahead of him, his arm tightening around his false lover. There was no question that Dean had been affected by whatever magic had hit him; Sam had not yet phoned through with the results of the runes that Castiel had found carved in the wooden bones of the bandstand - bones with a deadly ward to remove people who strayed too closely, although not deadly enough to defeat an angel - but fundamentally Dean still seemed to be Dean, only with certain aspects heightened. The paranoia and hatred that Dean seemed to hold for his past life, including Sam, had been replicated in many of the community folk he had spoken to, an inbuilt need to remain with the community against the outside world and a new emphasis on the rules. But the remainder of Dean? How much of his sudden desire was genuine and how much was manipulated?
talking to me, Dean.”
“Dean,
She surveyed the damage again before mentally shrugging. It could be worse. They could have thrown themselves out of windows for a start. Holding out a hand for Dean to hold, then the other for Sam, she led them back downstairs.
“Do you know how you want us to do this?” Castiel breathed after another hard kiss. Dean looked at him dazed and uncomprehending. The angel hesitated, not sure how to approach the subject of who went where but suspecting straight forwardness was probably the best route to avoid unnecessary problems.
“It’s okay, Cas. I’m a big boy, I can take the creepy.”
And so, to a certain extent, was the mouse.
“Dean.”
, better?
Dean frowned at the text message and then back at the bandstand, and then the surrounding area. Back to the trees again. Even the paths were pretty slim.
Sam the brother looked from Dean to Cas and then to Dean again with the look of someone trying to work out a magic trick. Dean stared back at him steadily. Wasn’t going to apologise for who he was, or who he lived with. And apparently Sam had stolen all the height when they were growing up, man was massive, clad in flannel, jaw looking like someone had chiseled it, and had the floppy glossy hair of a pedigree show dog.
“Cas, I’m sorry. Didn’t mean to.” a small glance in his direction and the shame seemed so solid already.
“You okay? You look deep in thought,” Dean moved the basket to the table and paused to press a light kiss to Castiel’s cheek before beginning to take out various foods. “Cas! Snap out of it, we have lunch.”
“Oh, for christ sake, Cas, we both know what Dean’s like.” Perplexed had moved to amusement. “He’s going to get himself in trouble short of tying him to a chair in a locked dungeon. And even then, he’d just get into a different sort of trouble. You’re not his keeper.”
“I didn’t know you could .. uh,” Dean kept his voice low, as though the neighbours were about to burst into the room and complain about the noise. The immediate frown cleared from Castiel’s brow as he worked out what ‘uh’ meant. Oh. Yes.
do you know the yard really … no, no, it’s fine, I won’t ask.” Jody pinched the bridge of her nose with her free hand, and gently transferred Sam’s hand to Annie. “It’s just as well they’re cute.
Remarkably, Dean was still on the bed by the time Castiel got back to the room, although sadly he was equally still awake. The angel stood in the doorway and studied him carefully. The man looked as though he had gone several rounds in a vicious fight, his hair ruffled and out of sorts, his posture poor, and his expression weakened despite the standard scowl that seemed to be permanently etched to his features.
It was several hours before Dean began to twitch; Castiel frowned, and became even more concerned when the curled Dean began to make a soft whimpering noise at the back of his throat and pressed even harder into Castiel’s side. Shifting to his side, Castiel gently pulled him into a hug, a movement that confirmed the shiver that was wracking Dean’s body.
“Agreed.”
Dean stopped.
. You drop a whole cliff on them and they’d bounce back in some form.”
“Seriously, that is very sweet.” the angel chuckled in delight. Castiel raised his head a little more, a harder look in his eyes as he stared back at his fellow angel.
He was aware of Balthazar’s amused gaze on him and bristled again. Sure, he was probably looking sulky, but this was ridiculous. And more the point, poor Sammy needed help. He needed help
The man known as Cas was looking at him with a curious expression, eyes narrowed slightly as though trying to look into Dean’s brain and read his thoughts. There was a little flicker of apology in his eyes, which turned out to be a vivid blue.
His hips lifted almost of their own accord, Dean groaning weakly as Cas shifted his weight to line up and then suddenly realising that a plunge might not be the smoothest ride. He was about to query whether a bit of spit wasn’t a possibility when he suddenly realised that his lower half was feeling… odd.
He didn’t even know how that could be both arousing and revolting at the same time but apparently it achieved it. And worse? Right here, right now, the angel’s suggestion was embarrassingly accurate. Dean growled softly, still not letting the finger go, glaring at the angel as though dropping eye contact might in some way be a note of surrender.
Another dubious expression. “Is this wise?”
“Of course,” Castiel sounded slightly irate at the suggestion he might not have done this. “I am aware I may have been a little rough.”
Castiel frowned, uncertain where the question was heading. “There were no wool making devices nearby, no.”
There was a soft noise that indicated that yes, Sam was definitely interested in the bunny. A second later and the fuzzy green bunny was tucked in with him, Sam playing with its ears in fascination.
“Yeah, I remember. There’s a vacant house in The Glen who our contact-,” Couldn’t remember contact’s name, but he doubted that mattered as long as Sam had it. “-arranged for us to get. Cas and I will pose as a newly married couple because they really,
“-fixing, you do surprise me. Is there any point in your lives where one or both of you
And this was very, very dangerous.
“It is still daylight,” Castiel seized on the first objection he could think of, a little desperately. Dean glanced at him in bewilderment and then laughed.
The smirk hadn’t got much better and Dean was just about ready to punch the son of a bitch out. Sure, it wouldn’t have actually done anything, but it would have made him feel a little better.
“Are we camping?” Innocent eyes turned to them.
Dean curled a little more, trying to find any scrap of strength left and finding his cupboards bare. He whimpered softly and was delighted to find that Cas was lying next to him, spooning up with an arm wrapped around his chest to hold him. Finding enough energy to squirm up closer to him, Dean sighed softly and closed his eyes. Fuck, he was exhausted, his whole body throbbing lightly and still so painfully sensitive to touch. He could taste Balthazar’s come in his mouth and feel the gentle trickle of Castiel’s seed from his ass, and still had no idea how to handle it. Used or satisfied? Or both? Fuck knew.
“You guys find anything?”
“Should we tell them to get some sleep?”
“Yeah.”
Jack said all of this very calmly, and Cas clenched his teeth, “Okay.”
“I believe you. I wish you well, Anna.”
“Rowena?”
Several hours, a few texts, and a missed phone call later, Sam knocked on the motel door.
“Big Yellow Taxi” was on the radio. Cas turned up the volume until he couldn’t hear the ringtone.
“You know what I mean, boy. I don’t see you leaving each other any time soon.”
“Huh.”
“This is– I thought–”
“What about you? Ever been in love?”
He was kind of hungry. They had passed a pizza place on the way. He started walking in that direction.
dean you are not immune to mortifying romcom moments
“A song that Kelly asked me to sing to him,” very quietly.
“No. No, I want to,” Dean pulled away to look at him, “You remember what I said to you?”
“Jack? Is everything alright?”
“What, you and your brother are the only people who get to cheat death every few years? I just know Rufus is happy. They’ve been staying with me.”
“You uh,” Dean laughed nervously, “You remember when I used to wear this? It’s cheap. I really shouldn’t–“
“He’s good. Actually, you’ll never guess. His daughter popped back up the other day.”
“C’mon, man. Just– Here,” he patted the space next to him, and Cas looked at him with wide eyes before scooting closer.
“I’m um,” a rat with a cockroach on its back scampered adventurously by, “I’m in a park.”
“It reminds me of you, and Sam,” a small and thoughtful pause that was so
“Are you possessed?”
“Oh. Well, I’m not gonna lie and say Cas didn’t mention you had an interesting family life.”
Dean’s head rose, his eyes wide, and he held open his arms and Cas scooted bit by bit across the seat into them. The hands folded around his back. They began to rub circles and Cas relaxed so fully that he cried, soundlessly and perfectly still, easier than breathing.
“I know. I want to, eventually.”
“Dean talked to me yesterday about uh. That whole thing.”
“You’re… surprisingly calm about this.”
“Yeah, man, it’s real serious. I can already feel myself about to browse the pet shelter website.”
“I could tell. You started clutching my back like a rope when the last song was playing. He hurt you?”
Dean had started crying, “I’m fine. I uh. Maybe we should lie down.”
“That must have been a lot to hear all of a sudden.”
“And can I… Can you hug me?”
“Hi, Jack,” he almost began crying in the alley, “How are you?”
A slight intake of breath behind him, and then silence. Elton John continued as they waited for Sam to get back. Castiel’s voice sounded close to normal now.
you told me you loved me. And I’m glad it made you happy, really, but it fucking destroyed me, Cas. And I think when I see you again, all that anger and that– that–  it’s gonna hit me all over again. And I know I said all that stuff about the doormat and cooking but when I think about it what it’s really going to be like to see you… I don’t know, to be honest. I don’t know if I’m even going to be able to look at you, right away.”
“What?” Dean pulled the phone away from his ear, “He told you he’s in love with you and you gave him the cold shoulder?”
Eventually a hotel worker politely asked Cas if he could move so they could start putting away the patio furniture, and he realized his was the only table still set out.
“Cas… Sometimes you can only take it so far. Maybe the only thing you can do now to feel better is come home.”
“You mean I understand you.”
“Dean. Can you call Sam or– or anyone else right now? To talk about this?”
“I’M SORRY, HAVE TO GO.”
But Dean’s eyes were turned towards his lap, and he sniffed what could be a laugh as he rubbed his neck, “Yeah. I know.”
“Bobby! I’m fine. Is Rufus with you?”
Cas pressed his palm to his forehead; and then realized, “The angels who attacked you are still alive?”
“Damn, okay, Columbo, I’m gonna tell you. But first I just want to stress– I cannot stress
He knew Sam well enough to predict the ways Sam would find and corner him. Sam would guess Dean would head back to the ship, and then know that Dean would know Sam would know that, and so Sam would instead look for Dean out in the clumped forest that was just thick enough to hide in. So Dean hid in the loft of a neighbor’s barn, straw itching his chin, and watched through a crack in the hay door as Sam walked into the forest. Dean flopped down on the hay and ground his knuckles into his forehead.
good to see you both.”
“I mean, it’s not gonna work if you’re not into it. And I mean,
“You been watching me sleep?”
“Cas?”
“Very erudite, Dean.”
Dean leaned his head on his hand, “But none of the real good stuff.”
“Jack needed someone who could help him understand his powers. And you’re right. He and I are very similar. But that doesn’t mean I love him more.”
Cas closed his eyes, “I can’t understand that. Not yet. But I’ll trust you.”
Cas stood up, and Dean’s irritation turned childishly needy at the implication he was leaving already.
The other truth was that he was sitting alone in a cold alley, and he didn’t think going back inside was going to help him. But he didn’t know where he was supposed to go.
house, “Also I dislike bongs. I prefer joints.”
“You filthy, old fucking–“
want?”
Dean would already be wrapping around him with a warm mouth under his ear.
“It was– I drank it very fast.”
“Oh! I didn’t realize– I thought I closed my door. I–“
He watched Dean’s mouth twitch, but he said nothing, and closed his eyes obediently. Cas stared at him. It felt like the real Dean, realer than any of the other times. But then again, that had never meant anything before.
They both gasped when he pressed in, careful at first, pulling out, pushing in again, and then deeper and deeper until he bottomed out. Dean’s hands fell on the bed, then over his own stomach, then clawing up at Cas’s arms, his back and shoulders straining off the bed as he tried to pull them flush against each other. The sensation was layered somewhere he’d never felt in reality, some deep pit of him that had never been reached.
“I got it, I’m– Fuck, Cas–“
Dean frowned, blinked, and then pursed his lips, “I was thinking you don’t dream, right? So you could come over, and use my head. Do whatever you want. Trips to Rome, Panama, Vegas, whatever. Hell, we could just lie by a pool if you want. Or, you know,” Dean let the sentence hang, his eyes rolling innocently upwards at a ceiling that did not exist.
Sam suggested that Cas stay behind to help Dean with the dishes, and when Dean sharply asked what Sam planned on doing instead of cleaning, Sam glanced at both Eileen and Jack and said they had plans in town, which seemed to be surprising to Eileen and Jack though they followed him anyways. They funneled out. Dean was leaning up against the island counter. Cas rose, a hand steadying himself on the table, from his seat. Dean turned around and clattered the pans into the sink– and then sighed, and muttered an apology, and began quietly scrubbing.
“Yeah. So?”
“Really.”
“I just– I don't want you to know. I can't.”
“She’s okay, don’t worry, she and Kaia got into a fight. I think they’ll work it out. But I heard her crying, and she was calling me specifically for help– I wasn’t even thinking about the Empty. I just went.”
“YOUR FRIEND SAID–”
“You got a five second refractory period?”
“Sorry. I just mean–”
Dean glared, not sure what that meant, but Sam caught on, “We’re half-Trill. We can still be hosts?”
“We could always come back,” and then Cas frowned, “I miss my wings.”
Dean dropped the sponge into a bowl with a splash, and turned with sudden speed to face him, “Alright. You know those arguments we talked about?”
“Great, good. And then everything’s fine.”
Dean’s voice crawled over him, a layer of warmth underneath the motel AC chill, “You gotta tell me how you want me to make you feel real, though. I can’t have you hanging up.”
He rubbed her back, and held her until she pulled away and wiped her eyes and sniffed at the windshield and asked him to drive her home.
Cas closed his eyes. He tried to keep the calm smile on his face. He was standing in an alley behind a seafood restaurant near the dumpsters, and his knees hurt. There was nowhere to sit. He could, if push came to shove, lean against said dumpsters. He opened his eyes and stared at the telephone pole chewed away by staples and nails. There was grease and dirty water pooling in the cracks in the asphalt.
“The other issue is there’s a disclaimer they might attract dream widows.”
A murmured,
“I’ll take it.”
“Okay. I’m sorry.”
“Dude, remember
“I think I would just want her to say that she regrets what she did to me. And that she’s sorry she did it. And then… I don’t think I’d ever want to see her or hear from her again.”
“Dean.”
“You’re crying again.”
“Saved by what? Your dick?”
get easier. And sooner than you think you start to feel good about it all the time instead of just some of the time.”
anna: hm........... congratulations or sorry that that happened to you
Cas continued earnestly, “–I would never rush you. I would wait as long as you needed to feel comfortable, or forever.”
“But you’ll keep an eye out for him, won’t you? And tell him… Tell him his dear mother’s looking for him? No tricks, no schemes, just an– an open door?”
Sam didn’t say anything after that, and Cas drank coffee and waited for him. After a few audible sniffles and some deep breaths, Sam’s sardonic, bright tone was back.
Cas did not scold him, but simply looked down at the floor as if he were ashamed, “We should go.”
“Of course. Answer the question.”
Sam thought he saw a sign for a turn off but it was another goddamn call box. C’mon, an Arby’s, a Culver’s, a Sonic, anything. A parking lot. A serial killer’s driveway, anything that he could park in and walk away from. He reached out his hand to the volume knob to turn up
Pause, then, “You called Jack. I know that must have been hard. And I know I… I know you’re trying, man, really. I didn’t want to call you again and get into another fight, but I guess I just wanted to put something nice out there for you.”
And then Sam had left him there at the bar, standing in a borrowed shirt and jacket and reaching for the bright blue drink. The bartender nodded at him and put Sam’s change on the counter, and Cas had pocketed it meekly.
“Harold!” Dean threw his arms out and Harold, who was looking at him with pleased shock, went to hug him. Sam looked at Cas over Dean’s shoulder and saw he wasn’t the only one unsettled.
“Dean?”
“Yes, Dean?”
“As in... Carnally?” Dean tried to sound aloof.
“Harold… Harold?”
Naomi and Zachariah appeared at each side of the desk, transparent and white.
“No, no, I mean it. I was gonna say, if you didn’t have anything else to do tonight, and things didn’t work out at the bar, we could always go back to my place,” the man rubbed the back of his neck, “God, no matter how old I get, that still sounds seedy as hell. I mean, you already texted your friends, turn me down if you need to–”
“I bet Keith is a fucking dick.”
“No. He wasn’t you.”
“Cas said he’s an environmental lawyer.”
Cas was fine, other than some bruises. There was a pouch in the desk drawer– in the car ride back, Sam identified it as a hex for pleasant dreams.
“Yes, Dean?”
“I did. I still like a normal cheeseburger, but I don’t feel like I’m going to pass out for two hours and wake up in a fever.”
“And a mother. Right.”
He didn’t even sound angry. He sounded very young, younger than Cas had ever known him. He was scared. When Cas had held him within the chrysalis of his folded wings as they ripped through hell, his true form creaking and tearing like a boat in a storm, the broken mastheads of his spokes and pinions– Cas had known Dean completely. At the time, he had not understood him. Cas, unknown to himself at the time, loved Dean’s soul instantly, and immediately disliked Dean as a person, until, oh, maybe their third or fourth conversation. And then the warmth began in earnest, and the desire to hear the strange way he talked, to have his vessel touched by him, to hear him laugh, and prevent his crying, and to answer Dean’s little subconscious human desire for Castiel to
He chased after them. He was much closer, but still too far. You could be three feet away from a loved one, and it would still be too far to prevent a knife in their back, a curse on their birth, a deal they’d made to save you. He was naked. Pathetic, ridiculous, vulnerable, all on the hospital’s CCTV. He cried out after them.
“It’s a long story, I was born in a house in Kansas, blah blah, but the point is I need you to get me back to my time. Kind of a nightmare, but it’s where I’m supposed to be.”
“You really can’t just talk to him about it in way that doesn’t sound like you’re about to bully him at his locker?”
“I don’t know what I expected,” Dean grumbled, “But I was thinking at least some kind of relief. Maybe even a neutral ‘oh hey, the family dog’s back.’”
For a second Cas thought the line had dropped, but he pulled back the phone with a deep breath and saw the timer still counting off the seconds of their conversation. He put the phone back to his ear.
He turned around. Dean was standing on the other side of the car, his hand light on the roof.
“Just fine?”
“You know, you like to say he’s an angel and you like to say he’s a human whenever it suits you.”
“Calm down, Rambo. Back up. Seriously, I don’t care if this is a dream, I don’t need to think about–“ a surprisingly deep breath from the other side, and then a slight shake in Dean’s voice as he said, “Just, take a few steps back, alright?”
“You are the hosts necessary for two very specific symbionts.”
He held open his arms, and he felt her weight slide across the seat and then she curled into him, and he wrapped his arms around her back, and let her wipe her nose on his coat. He rested his cheek on top of her head. With his eyes closed, her body felt as warm and small as a tea candle, as if he were holding her soul. He thought of his wings, and how he could have folded them around her. His grace, which he could have soothed her with.
Another silence, less fraught than before, and Cas said without expecting to, “I kissed a man tonight. At a bar. We slow danced.”
“What, you’re going to give me a heavenly STD?”
“We have the guy’s address, right? Let’s just drive into town. That way when Cas
“Anything you want to do besides staring for the next three hours?”
“Uh, okay, but make sure to get your hand stamped–”
A sigh, “No, I get that. Thanks. Fuck, what a long fucking day.”
Cas left, like always. Dean spiked the room both hot and cold with anger as he paced around it. Like always. Of course Cas betrayed him, lied to him, of course the creaking rise of affection and trust, that always plummeted as Cas did whatever he wanted. Of course he wanted Cas to come back, and of course neither of them could back down. Not unless one of them was about to die. Or already dead.
Cas picked it up, grabbing a paper napkin off the end table and tucking it into his book before setting it to the side, “Hello, Dean.”
Cas and him stood there. He looked to Cas, who nodded supportively. Sam knocked again.
“How has reaching out been going?”
Where the living hell was Sam? He’d just seen him. Now he found himself in the middle of the dance floor surrounded by a level of bodies, noise, movement, and light that was going to leave his confidence as a puddle in the floor. How was he supposed to know how to dance? What was he supposed to do? He had a feeling the drinking was an important part of this. In the thrum of sensory overload he noticed a man walking straight towards him. For a moment he was able to rely on his reflexes; a fighting stance for approaching danger. And then he realized the man was smiling and beckoning him closer, and that it was probably another ‘your friend said’ come to find him.
I can't talk. My bravado tank is empty right now. I just reach for his collar and start unbuttoning his shirt, concentrating closely on each new inch of skin that I reveal.
body. I plant my free hand on his chest, holding him down, and he changes the angle he's pushing at slightly, using me as his lever point. We’re using each other: our bodies saying the things we don’t have the language for.
He is everything that is beautiful about humanity, but more importantly, he is Dean Winchester, and he stands naked before me. He is my anchor to this world, and he has unintentionally forced me to understand the concrete nature of love. Not the abstracted version, but real love. Love expressed in a breath; a moment's eye contact; a hand on the shoulder; a kiss; a word.
In the car, Dean does not use my shoulder as a pillow. In the car, he is still on guard; defences up as he performs his own rendition of the gruff self-suppression of his heroes.
, Cas. This is what we do."
, Cas. Tell me--what do you
God only knows I'm going to need it.
then went and died for him. Just like that.
Just to recap, here's a highlight reel of times when Cas and/or Dean demonstrated their astonishing stupidity and/or an insane ability to pretend they don't high school '
I am rewarded with a shaky sigh. If it was not good tension before, it is certainly heading that way now.
He swirls the whisky in his glass, his brow furrowing a little. "Yes. I'm sorry for making you uncomfortable. I should not have said it. I felt that you should know, but I did not mean any harm. And I do not want to lose you. If it's not a feeling you return, I--"
I hold still for now, letting him adjust, until he lifts himself off, and says, "Another."
--and then turn my main cell off completely. And then all my burners too.
"I suppose you're going to tell me I should shower, too."
"Oh. Apologies." He loosens his grip and, after a moment’s contemplation, gently withdraws his hand.
His answer is another kiss--this one much less chaste than the one I gave him. This kiss is messy and wet and demanding. He can't say that little word, 'Yes', with his voice, but he says it clear enough with his tongue.
He is currently doing the latter. It is only a small change in his posture, but his shoulders have tipped forward and his hips have canted: an instinctive movement humans do in order to protect their soft stomachs and essential systems.
“What? What are you looking at me like that for?”
I do not need to be experienced in these matters to be able to work out what Dean likes, or what his body wants. I continue stroking him, but I begin to use only one fingertip, and I apply a little more pressure. I allow the circles to become smaller and more insistent, until his twitching hole invites me in, and I slip inside, up to the first knuckle.
It does seem to help, somewhat: he still looks shy and doubtful, but he follows the instruction, leaving me to gaze up at the constellations of scars mapped out on his skin; the ropey muscle, softened slightly by the excessive consumption of burgers and beer; the lines of his lower abdomen that guide my eyes down to his erection, which is thick and throbbing.
I understand, and I will wait until he is not afraid.
Question:
Jack also suggested wiping Dean's memory, but I managed to dissuade him. What's done is done. I am a little disappointed about the prospect of Dean holding back on his enthusiasm, but I feel that more importantly it is a lesson for Jack on improving his social graces. Not only in the sense that he needs to learn what to say and when to say it, but also in the sense that family do not wipe each other's minds. Of course, I do not mention my disappointment
It has the desired effect. He groans, and lets his hips fall. His cock rests against my cheek, heavy with excitement.
Cas makes a guttural, animalistic sound, clutching at the back of the couch with one hand, and gripping the back of Dean's head with the other. His legs curl, feet dragging on the sofa fabric. His cock rests against Dean's temple, heavy and wanton, but beyond an affectionate nuzzle, Dean focuses on massaging Cas' balls with his mouth and tongue, letting things get hot and messy and covered in spit and sexual frustation, because it's only going to escalate from here. His fingers slip deeper into Cas' body, which is gripping him tight--
Sometimes, Dean feels like he’s developing the ability to literally say his ellipses out loud.
I feel like a tree accosted by a giant koala. He wraps his arms around my neck, leaning in to plant slow, lazy kisses on my lips. He is like this more often, lately, whilst waking up: relaxed, and at ease. It is a playful, gentle side to him that I do not think he has had many opportunities to express, but I feel that perhaps it is closer to his true nature than the macho projection he puts out into the world, and I am grateful that he trusts me enough to let me see it.
. But Cas looking at him
why Cas had been a whole new dimension of idiot, and honestly, part of his anger was at himself for missing the signs that Cas was going Dark Side in the first place.
Sam raised his eyebrows, “Seventh. Good guess.”
To Cas’s ignorance, the restaurant had been closing up and clearing out. There were still people talking and drinking, and a few people on the dance floor. But there were also workers putting chairs on the unused tables, and people waving goodbye before they disappeared behind the vestibule and presumably out of the wooden cradle and back into the world.
The man held out his beer, and Cas stared at it before remembering the ritual. He bumped his own glass of water against it. They both drank. The bartender brought Cas another glass of water, not pausing as they moved from one side of the bar to the other. The man brushed a thumb over his glass.
Cas continued watching Dean work until the wound was closed. He stared at it as Dean put the supplies away, making a note to reorganize the box next time he was bored on watch duty.
That managed to raise eyebrows at least, “Why would Michael’s vessel be in hell?”
“As in you liked it too much? And look at that, nothing crumbled and fell apart.”
“Nothing. Just– Sometimes it feels like we’ve been doing this for years.”
He already regretted putting the information on Jack’s shoulders, and tried to take some of it back, “But I’ve been improving! I used to not even be able to call you.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Shit. You like the heat, Cas?”
say good morning when someone shows up to drive your ass home.”
“Claire… you’re just as important to me as Jack.”
The horses shuffled and sniffed. He winced at the pain in his back.
Charlie, “You think if we leave that Cas will give him a ride home or ditch him here?”
“A girl?”
Dean pressed his lips together in an attempt to smile, “I’m not hungry. You guys want to get some food? I can check us out here.”
“There you are,” he didn’t even sound upset.
“What I’m saying is, it meant something to me. And I wish I could do the same for you.”
) and she slowed down the car to a stop next to him and rolled down the passenger window. The music on the radio was faint but present. She leaned toward him. He bent down.
“You feeling okay? Need some more water? Some food?”
“Why not? I don’t think–” he didn’t finish it.
“Cas? Hey? You’re thinking too hard, aren’t you. Push the smoke back in your ears. We’ll figure it out eventually. Let him be angry for now.”
Dean swallowed and looked at the floor and nodded his head over and over again, “Well, that decides it.”
Just as serious: “Yes.”
“So should we?”
“And if you don’t ever feel ready, we don’t have to do anything. I don’t want you to feel pressured. Just sharing my life with you is enough for me.”
“Jack says you have a cat now?”
Cas fumbled with the key and pushed the door open with his shoulder, “I can’t let you do that.”
“I know.”
“Dean. Are you sure you’re alright?”
He left the church, passed the tavern. He walked back home– to someone’s home at least. He could see the white house in the distance, crouched timidly in the shelter of oaks around it, when he saw a familiar figure standing in the worn path through the grass leading up to it– not Cas but a lean man in a waistcoat, his back to Dean, looking down at something. Dean could see the green folds of a skirt behind the man. It was dusk. He started running.
Eventually people in blue and grey had dragged Dean away, speaking calmly as other people hauled Cas up to an operating table and seemed to move too slow. It was like they didn’t understand that Cas wasn’t supposed to bleed, not that fast, not that bad.
“Oh, I’m sorry–”
smug.
“No. I don’t need them back. Thanks.”
He snarled into town, and whoever he’d tenuously managed to win over before kept their distance now. Pastor Harken was obligated to welcome him with paternal firmness into his office. No, he hadn’t seen anything strange. No, he didn’t know of any cruel men who’d wandered into town recently who needed the hand of justice. Yes, it would be nice if someone swept up a little. Mr. Winchester, are you alright? What brought you to this town anyways? May I ask, son?
“I made my case before the other angels. I told them about Ishim. I explained– his affair, his plan to say to that Lily Sunder’s daughter is a nephilim, her rejection of him, her fear of him. Akobel’s confirmed it, although at his own risk as he’s now under investigation– I don’t know if they believe me, but–”
The thought made him put a hand over his mouth and lean his forehead into the shower wall hard enough to leave a red mark. If he didn’t make a sound, it didn’t count. It was just blowing off steam. It wasn’t new for the mental image of Cas to show up in the shower or under the sheets, but usually he could dismiss it, shoo it away and then think mechanically of girls in cut-off shorts or Nurse Julie getting some from
Dean wished they were alone instead of here, surrounded by reminders of Sam’s tragically failed attempt at normalcy, “Yeah. Guess it might feel weird.”
“What do you like about me?”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Your garrison is going to kill her child at some point. I’m guessing you haven’t done it yet, or even heard of her. You need to stop it from happening. They’re gonna say her child is a nephilim, but Ishim just wants to kill her because she rejected him,” Cas’s eyes widened at the mention of Ishim, “It’s a human child. And one day you’re going to regret it.”
He stared up at the ceiling, blank inside. There was a throw blanket tangled up in his legs. Sam sat with his elbows on his knees and his hands folded patiently.
“Oh, bye–“
Cas had gotten up and kissed his forehead, and each time he’d done so in the past few weeks, Dean stilled less and less; but he still paused under the brief touch of affection as if stunned, “I understand, Dean. Do you want more coffee?”
Dean rubbed his own cheeks with both palms, “Nah, man. It’s alright. I’m uh. I’m gonna hit the head.”
Charlie elbowed him, oblivious to the rest of the table. Cas was staring at Dean like he could have microwaved him with eye contact alone. Harold was holding an empty sugar pack over his tea and hadn’t put it down. Sam was debating whether running to the bathroom would be too selfish.
Dean tried to shrug without brushing their shoulders together, eyes fixed on the lake, “Just seems like something you’d think was silly. Liking a car.”
“Oh. What do you teach?”
“I’m really glad you’re back, Cas. You’re my best friend. I love you, you know?”
Cas opened his eyes and looked up, not teary or weepy but ashen-faced and haunted, “I always thought maybe there was something wrong with me. Is there? Do I ever find out? Do I ever fix it?”
The man nodded at the counter, “Ah,” and then peered sideways at Cas and relaxed and looked at him fully, “Look at you, trying to smile.”
“Good to know. I’ll take care of it too.”
“Yes, of course it did.”
Dean sipped a cup of raktajino, “And Lieutenant’s a popular baby name on Earth now?”
“Not so bad, right?”
Cas almost typed
He waited until their food arrived before finally asking, “Did you still want to talk about it?”
“You okay?”
A hand fell on his shoulder. He looked up, and Dean was right next to him. The almost-fear was now just painstaking gentleness. He looked like someone nervous to pick up an injured bird. Then to Cas’s astonishment, Dean leaned forward shakily and kissed him on the cheek. Then pulled away, his hand back at his side.
“That’s not a proper greeting now, is it? But hello, Tweety Bird, how are you?”
“I’m not very good at singing.”
“Hey, if a hot mom
“Oh,” Cas blinked.
Cas's phone died because he forgot to plug it in, and the next morning he woke up not to the sound of Mariah Carey's "Fantasy" but to Dean curled up around him, murmuring half-asleep into his neck, hard against his ass, and his own heartbeat pounding as he realized he was likely several hours late to pick up Rita's dad.
“Hey. Cas. Say something. Was that okay?”
Cas finally stared at him, the line fissured between his brows, as if Dean was still the confusing 29-year-old that had been dumped in his celestial lap. Then something like doubt passed over him, over the lines and wrinkles that had disrupted him like ripples in water over the last few years, and then determination, even as he spoke softly, gently.
“Sam,” Cas put a hand on Sam’s shoulder, “Do you want me to open this door so you don’t have to?”
“Keith is my boyfriend.”
Cas reached out a hand to point to Dean’s hand. At the red light he lifted it off the wheel. The numbers were smeared and illegible.
The Impala squealed when Cas pulled it into a space in the radio station parking lot, which was fortunately uncrowded. Gabriel and Balthazar were already leaning against the wall by the emergency exit. Balthazar was smoking. Gabriel pushed off the wall and held his arms out.
“Yeah. Of course,” but he kept looking at Cas’s shoes.
“You said you dreamed about sex.
“You gotta let me say it. I promise. I promise, Cas, I know I can never say this stuff, but I’ve been thinking about it. I can do it. I can do this for you. I can say it.”
Back at the inn, with a little more money than before, smelling not so much like alcohol and lemon.
“Cas, it’s not like I cheated on you–” Cas’s glare deepened and Dean felt light-headed, “Wait, is that it? That’s what you’re mad about?” He was grinning with his mouth open in shock, still borderline hysteric from the switch between euphoria and fear, “It was you! You knew you were going to forget! You seduced me!”
on it in his own handwriting. Before he unfolded it, he noticed something underlined on the page in pen.
“I liked how they looked.”
They paused, hands still together, and when the man leaned in to kiss him, Cas leaned in the rest of the distance. It was a nice, slow kiss. It was a few shades sensual past friendly, and it might have also been Benedictine, at least from the man’s side. Then the man turned away and walked to his car.
There had been the sounds of cheering and blaring music, and he’d gone to the window of his second-story room and seen a couple coming out of the church. There was a wedding. He watched them get into a car and drive away as the crowd stayed behind to talk and laugh, before splitting into pieces and disappearing to their own cars or walking down the street back to their own lives. He sat back on his bed. The light from the windows was dimming but he did not want to get up and turn on the lamp. He finally started going through the messages. They’d all been sent long after Cas had stolen the Impala, since Dean had left his phone in his car. The messages had come from a number he didn’t recognize; but Sam had told him who it belonged to, and even if he hadn’t, the messages could only come from one person.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Al8UHnjusq0
There was the slightest breeze, “This desert is you. And above it is me.”
“Cas?” her voice was thick.
Night came. Nothing disappeared.
I’ve heard prayers before but they haven’t been addressed to me in a long time. And never so…” He didn’t finish, and turned his head back fully towards the window.
“Oh my God.”
Charlie,
Cas did not back up the same way a mountain does not back up, but he also looked like he was ten seconds from grabbing Dean by the throat, “Why would we even know each other?”
“And you’re a little strange, Cas. I’m glad we met too.”
Enough money to scrape by another night at the inn. He kept his clothes dry. He sat at the washbin. No, he wouldn’t be tricked again. Maybe he should just risk spending the next day researching and hope he’d find a way out before nightfall. The little thought from before came to him again, this time peering its eye through his mind’s doggie door as if to say
On top of everything, Sam was keeping something from him? He leaned against the wall. There was the sound of running water, someone washing their hands.
“Because I want to keep it.”
sorry to that dog but if they really wanted a non-talking animal to replace cas it should have been a small gray cat
“That’s alright. Do you know what it is tonight?”
His voice was tired and low, “What exactly do you think I want?”
“Sam. She manipulated you for months. She put you in a terrible position. You have nothing to apologize to her for.”
“Sure, Sam.”
“Dean, I’m–”
about it… You really didn’t think about how miserable I was going to be without you?”
“She said,” a swallow, and Claire’s voice managed to be a little steadier, “She was saying like, I don’t take care of myself. Like I just run off without telling anybody sometimes and like I–“
Sam slammed the laptop shut with an unimpressive clatter, “Okay. For real, are you homophobic? Because I know we never really talked about it, and that’s on me being a bad ally, but like, we
Cas called Dean in the morning. He had a disposable cup of continental breakfast coffee and a danish, and there was nobody else at the outdoor seating except a mom and a little girl kicking her legs and coloring while eating Cheerios one at a time, explaining to her mom that cats were actually witches and witches were actually raccoons. Cas was euphoric.
“Yeah, well. Like I said. A lot of things happen.”
“We established that, Maury, we gotta fix it before this next commercial break though.”
Sam, Charlie, and Harold leaned against Charlie’s Prius and watched Cas and Dean argue at Cas’s truck.
He was hungry, but did not want to leave to get food or even mention it to Cas in this state. He reread the faded Bible boredly. He ventured outside to check on the sheep, who he’d managed to shepherd grumpily the last two days, sometimes by just picking them up or shoving them awkwardly towards the enclosure and cursing them. He found some hay and threw it into the pen with a shrug. He picked up a branch and hacked it into something short and brought it back into the house, trying to carve a bird and then a ball and then just aimlessly nicking at it.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L7ekVPfCbWE
“Not here. Not inside this place,” and the bit of spite and hate directed towards this home, however unusual it was, spiked Cas’s worry, but he followed Dean anyways.
also when you suddenly decide to bring up how fucking weird and unintentionally interesting the ethics are on this show full of horrible people who do horrible things and then befriend each other... but back to the kissing
He looked back at his altar. The music made it seem more important than before. It was nice, in a way, that all the things he owned were gifts so far. He realized with a brief shock that his foot was tapping. His face felt warm. A threadbare and windowless room in Lebanon, Kansas was a hurtling demotion from the embrace of Heaven, so why couldn’t he stop smiling?
There was a very measured silence on the line, and then Sam said with clear deliberation, “How have you been doing, Cas? Really?”
“What?”
“You would have had sex with me.”
“Yes. How’s Dusty?”
“Dean says you’ve been getting better.”
“No, Cas, shit. If I could press a big red button and you’d teleport here, I’d body slam it. There’s nothing really to hide anymore at this point, is there?”
“Uh. What did he say we should talk about?”
They did not exchange platitudes. Dean put his arm over the backseat and drove slow while Cas curled into his side and leaned his head against his shoulder. Britney Spears came on the radio.
“Yeah, but then you might get hurt too.”
“What do
Cas didn’t turn around. He could feel the rickety, splintery stairs as tall as skyscrapers that wove into each other and led to nowhere, the stars smeared like wet paint or slept-in make-up. The fissured earth, the mess of murky and twisting minerals ripping through like compound fractures through skin, the clouds pouring black sand in atmospheric pillars, the hovering boulders the size of islands, the wasteland left to seed and overgrow itself into something new and lawless. The bones of his wings now massive and stretching morbid over the horizon, with a wheel of fire spinning in place between them like a burning eye, orbited by three moons and a planetary disc.
“You see the guy who brought this in?”
Dean was under him, over him, wrapped around him, against the wall, in the car, on the car, on a bed, arching, pinning, bent, hot. Cas was almost Castiel again, needing the extra syllable and his whole form to consume him. His wings folded underneath and around Dean covetously, as if to hide him. His three heads looked at Dean’s body from three angles. He could hold Dean in one hand and place him inside the center of his being, the nuclear and whirring heart of him, and keep him there. He could hollow out the star-scraping tower of his body like a New York office building and Dean could live in it. He could see Dean’s soul, the thing he had rebuilt his body around like building a car by starting with the empty space it held inside, and he could see it enthusiastically embracing his own not-soul, could sense its annoyance when they were not touching. He saw Dean awestruck from finally recalling what it was like to be pulled from hell, the grace wrapped around his shoulder as Castiel had roared like a fiery spear through legions of demons with heavenly blood in his eyes, and Cas saw how the rapture of that memory wiped away all the years of suffering and torture. Dean finally understood the degree of Castiel’s power and devotion, and was compelled in adoration to fall to his knees. Then Castiel was Cas, with Dean’s head against his chest in bed, panting, sweating, smiling and laughing every time they looked at each other still out of breath.
They walked for awhile longer. He started getting curious.
“Did you want to sit with me?”
Dean shrugged, “Missed you.”
“You’re not mad?”
“You ready to go in?”
Then there were paragraphs, which worried him, but he realized they were only updates. Eileen was staying at the bunker, and when she wasn’t, Sam was staying with Eileen. Jack was home. Dean was helping him study biology. The math on the GED was different than when he’d taken it. Sam had left an apple in the fridge and it had been pushed in the back, forgotten, and it had rotted and grown little stalks of mushrooms. Jack was staying up too late to play Minecraft, and lying about it, as if Dean couldn’t see the computer light under the closed bedroom door. They’d been running out of mugs and Dean had finally snuck into Sam’s bedroom and pulled five of them from out under his bed, some still with tea bags staining their insides, and then Dean had gotten distracted by a surprisingly old porno mag Sam had stashed, some 80’s bullshit he flipped through until his ass hurt from sitting on the floor for so long. Dean was thinking about becoming a mechanic, but didn’t know if he wanted to do it in Lebanon. But he didn’t want to tell Sam he was thinking of moving just yet. He wanted Sam to figure out what he wanted with Eileen first.
“What’s the gas mileage on the Impala?”
“Good for you, Cas.”
“He really likes you.”
Cas laughed. Dean smiled, bashful and encouraged, and continued.
“What?”
“What do you look like right now?”
Dean, still awake despite appearances, reached out a hand, not quite touching Cas, just as his foot was not quite touching Cas’s calf, “I know. But just– Just stay, for awhile.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Cas held another hand over the first one, hovering over it, both palms down, “And this is the plane of existence which my people are from.”
There was a pause on the other end while something in Dean’s stomach inverted, and then, “Okay.”
she accidentally knocked her half empty mai tai off the counter and caught it just in time, both her and Cas diving for it,
“I understand. You got someone out there for you, don’t you?”
“Hi. First time?”
“Cas, he’s your kid. I can take the emotional guilt bullet on this one.”
“Did you– I mean, do you want to sit down? Talk about it?” Dean almost managed to sound normal despite still staring at Cas like he would dissolve.
“Uriel–“
“What seal?”
He expected frustration, or irritability. He did not expect to have to tilt his head away from his phone as Dean exploded.
Dean looked up at the ceiling, chin fixed and jaw set, “Sure.”
Dean snorted, “Thanks. That’s why you’re my right hand man, Cas. Hey, can you text Sam? I don’t know where I’m going.”
? That is a self-sealing stem bolt you’re selling that I just can’t buy.”
This was code for Dean to walk back and forth between the table and the sonic sink, while Rufus stood in front of the kitchen window with his arms crossed. Every time Dean wanted to sneak a glance outside, he had to look over Rufus’s shoulder. Finally he tossed a cup into the sink and said:
“It’s a
“Sam. It’s fine.”
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tE6WABOMvUo
and then frowned. There had been a difference, of course there had been, or he wouldn’t have said
The pastor liked his work ethic well enough but it was a small church and there was only so much to clean, and he said that Mr. Winchester should go to city hall and ask for some work there with Pastor Harken’s recommendation. Mr. Winchester walked down the street and nodded at passerby and tried not to hate the feeling of a hat on his head, and at city hall they told him to go help at the ranch if he wanted work. Well, how far is that, Mister Mayor? It’s a three mile walk from here, Mr. Winchester, so you better get walking.
Dean sighed, and put his hand between them on the bed, now magically wide enough that they each had their own personal space, “Not your fault.”
“I’m sorry, Cas.”
“Why are you here?”
but it doesn’t happen to floaters like me.”
Cas turned his head enough that Dean saw one eye shining back at him, full of calm, grey terror, before Cas said, “I love you,” and Dean had to press his head down into Cas’s collarbone as he trembled and bucked in his grasp and came.
“Okay. In my defense I didn’t really think you knew how to drive. What, like there’s a DMV in heaven?”
“You asked her?”
Cas was wearing slacks, a denim jacket, a Zeppelin shirt, “Are you sure you’re okay?”
Cas was furious, “I love that song!”
“What happened?”
etc, felt disingenuous. It would feel cheapened, and like it was just done to avoid doing things the hard way.
"Ice?"
I don't know how to answer in words, so I just kiss him again. Deeper this time. Thinking,
"Jealous, Dean?" Cas responds smoothly, as he tests his handiwork, tugging lightly on the long end of the belt. He reaches up overhead, his untucked shirt brushing over Dean's naked skin and eager cock. This is followed by a frown and a muted rumble of irritation. No buckle, Dean realises, to slip over the hook. But Cas is nothing if not resourceful: after a moment's contemplation, he pulls Dean's belt from his jeans, and does something with
I follow, climbing in after him. Dean curls himself up on his side, and I fold myself around him (I believe this position is commonly known as 'the big spoon'). My erection makes it difficult to settle down, but I manage: it rests comfortably in the space between his thighs. At the very least, like this, he cannot doubt that he is wanted. And it is a temporary discomfort: it will resolve itself, given time.
Jack: only the lesson to be learned, including admitting that 'reading the room' is still the thing I find most difficult about interacting with humans.
"Is it so hard to believe that you matter to someone, Dean?"
If Sam is to be believed, I have actually done an exceptionally poor job of concealing my feelings. Sam thinks that the problem lies with Dean: that he suffers from 'perception bias', which means that he only notices things that confirm what he already believes. Which, in turn, led Sam to suggest that, for my own sake, the best course of action would be to just tell the truth, in as simple and direct a way as possible.
Dean meets the patient blue gaze and clings to it. His anchor.
"Alright, alright, big fella. No rush. I'm not going anywhere," I say condescendingly, mostly so I can pretend I'm not even hornier than him. It doesn't work: he shoots me a knowing look as he settles his weight back between my thighs, and takes my balls between the slicked-up fingers of one hand. The way he touches me makes me whimper, and that's the end of any pretense of superiority on my part.
His lips meet Dean's again, in a head-spinningly deep kiss, which he follows by saying, almost in a whisper, "Look at me, Dean."
I'm too embarrassed to reply. I look up from the line again, though, to find Cas staring at me, his expression contemplative.
indeed. The air between them is still fizzling with heat; the wet, sucking sound of Dean's lips as they part from Cas' skin is loud and grossly indecent.
"You need to be relaxed, Dean."
good sex.
His dick is thicker than his fingers. Thicker, and fuller, but also rounder and more forgiving: there's a pliant layer of velvety-softness over its unforgiving core. It's not
it. Quite the opposite: back then, he chose it. But now? Now Dean knows what it feels like to have Cas inside him, and how it feels to be inside Cas, and there’s no going back from that. No recovery. He can't control that level of desire. He can't control much of anything when he's with Cas.
, the stupid idiot, his only friend,
. No damn right
But in the grey light of the autumn dawn, no Cas. Just me and the dying coals in the stove.
"Of course it is." Hell yes, it's a nice cabin. Giant comfy bed. Memory foam pillows. Awesome fireplace. Little kitchen along half of one wall. And a separate bathroom, with a big old claw-foot bath and shower, too. I set it up myself--not that I get to come out here much.
. Cas is smiling faintly at the caress, the fire in his eyes alight and dancing.
Cas," he mutters, voice hushed. "I would have thought the answer's pretty obvious."
Dean finds it very uncomfortable to think about these things, so when Cas continues not to answer him, he scowls, grunts, and goes back to cleaning his gun.
It's then he starts to shake. The room is...
"No, Dean."
"He told me that he had...suspected...for some time."
friends?"
He draws back, but not by much. There's barely a breath between our lips.
does it feel like he's still the one calling the shots, when he's offering to...to...
There's something about him that's magnetic to me. Always has been, ever since he blew out all the lights in that barn, and didn't even flinch when I drove a knife through his chest.
The fourth time, Dean is angry. Really angry. Lucifer gets some chick pregnant, and their lives go to hell. Just for something completely different. But for all that they're used to shitshows, this one is next-level. Baby Lucifer, because Lucifer got inside the American President? Come on. Who the hell came up with that? And Cas--Cas first gets involved to stop Sam and Dean from spilling innocent blood, but then he runs off with the pregnant lady to
Dean closes his eyes and tips his head back against the wall, savouring the motions of Cas’ fingers. "Need...you," he gasps out.
me, taking my cock down his throat--nope. I'm not ready for that.
me, and--”
I'm cumming down his throat, and he just takes it, holding me steady as my hips buck and my cock twitches and I wonder if I'm actually having a really obscene wet dream, because no way can he
He is breathtaking. His body is thick, and heavy with muscle, but he is regal in the way he carries his weight. I let my eyes trail up and down each sinewy limb, and every inch of skin, savouring every scar and imperfection.
yes" (both of us). Otherwise, there's just
Dean can't help the impulse to be a smartass, despite the number of times people have tried to beat it out of him.
"Need me to pull out?" he asks, mumbling into Cas' neck.
He breathes in the warm smell of Cas' throat. Tastes the faint flavour of coffee on his tongue, which he now drinks whenever Dean does; mostly, Dean suspects, just to be companionable.
He lowers his parted lips to mine again: hungry, open-ended kisses as a second finger slides in to join the first. He twists them deeper; delicate, careful; and the noise I make as he curls them inside me is pure, unadulterated lust.
I take his face in my hands and draw back from the kiss, holding him in place as he tries to follow. When I pull away, his eyes flutter open, full of confusion and dissatisfaction.
He gives me a sharp glance, although the cutting effect is dulled by the fact that he is still clinging to me, and the rapid drumming of his heartbeat, too close to my chest to hide.
Cas opened his mouth, saw Balthazar’s raised eyebrows, felt a deep moment of contrition, and then let his shoulders slump, “No. I am. It’s good to see both of you.”
Cas reached out and started fixing Dean’s collar, “To be saved.”
“No,” he hung up.
“Yeah, well, I used to think I should do everything dad did, and that sure was fun, wasn’t it?”
“Oh. Uh. Sure.”
Red alarms, people screaming, buildings on fire– Dean blinked away the images and said, very normally, “Yeah. Of course.”
“Usually a freaky beard. But some people said it had glasses and was bald. Some people said it looked like their grandmother.”
“I was going to get a part time job.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Are you kidding me?” he’d gone from awestruck to seething, “I just got in here!”
“I don’t want to forgive him. I don’t want to see him again.”
“No pressure. But if you’re ever in town again. We can just talk if you want.”
“I already talked to Sam and Dean about this,” Jack’s innocent and rambling tone disappeared, and he sounded very sure, “They left. They stopped hurting me and I don’t think they’ll come back. But I don’t want to hunt them down or kill them or anything. I don’t want to do stuff like that anymore.”
“I mean the last dream–” He cut himself off, too late.
“I’m trying to say, what if–“ a rough exhale, “I don’t know. I’m scared of what I’m saying. But what if this is one of those things that shouldn’t happen? But we’ve been in it so long that we just think it should? What if it’s just too fucked up at this point and we can’t see it?”
“Yeah. I wish that made me feel any less jealous of a total stranger.”
There were times though, when they were playing their rotating game of shifts on the bridge, when Dean felt a tinge of guilt over making Cas and Sam share a room when his own would be empty for eight hours. His excuse was it was
Cas’s face was achingly sad. Dean had thought it might just be general worry that he'd been hurt somehow, or expecting a bad ending. But Dean had finished and Cas still looked the way he did when Dean had asked him to lock him in a box and drop him into the sea.
“Oh, I–”
He saw the tragic mask of Cas’s face flash in surprise, and then the dream slipped out of his hands.
“Good.”
“What’s sex like?”
Harold let out a low whistle and stood up, “I’m gonna get you another cup of coffee.”
“It’s Cas. He’s coming back.”
“I think I want to eat a burger and drink some real beer and stare at my eyebrows in a mirror. You got a problem with that?”
Claire directed him to drive to a diner near the edge of town, local and lit up with multi-colored fairy lights strung over the porch. It wasn’t too crowded inside. They sat in a booth.
“I think you just need to try and understand what he means when he says he’s not a boy or a girl. And be open to how he might change in the future. But he’s still Jack.”
“Gone?”
also i don't know the layout of the bunker. i know they have a dungeon and like, a torture chamber or something but there's neither of those in this fic bc (sam voice) the repeated portrayal of torture as a necessary evil in fiction when multiple studies prove it doesn't work is intentional propaganda and part of a cultural mindset of military countries like the US to justify their use of torture as a tool to incite fear and enact punishment on 'bad guys'. and obviously abolish prisons and invest in communities duh
Cas finally looked at him, with that confused line in his brow, “It’s not that. It did hurt. But I… As a Q I could have healed that instantly. But you… It would not have been necessary for you to do that for me, if I was still a real Q.”
They walked through the dirt road lined with trees, pillars through which they could see the fields and pastures. They were silent for half a mile, and it almost eased the homesickness in Dean entirely.
Cas leaned forward and began by holding his head in both hands, kissing him on the cheek and turning him gently this way and that to kiss his eyelids and forehead.
“No, Jack,” and Jack let Cas hug him again, this time resting his cheek on Jack’s head, “I think he just thought he was being funny.”
Dean laughed, and Cas just let himself enjoy it rather than lean forward and lose sight of it.
Only Sam could see Charlie roll her eyes, but Dean would probably hear it in her voice, “Yeah, of course
They were no longer horizontal. They were sitting in a diner, at the counter. It was dark and moody inside, and half the windows showed midday parking lot and half showed the night of city streets. There were people. There was someone in a full tuxedo playing a grand piano in the corner, wedged crookedly between a booth and a table. Cas was wearing a garland of pink and white daisies, the petals dropping into his coffee. Dean’s nails were painted black around the handle of a fork. Cas was wearing a wedding dress. Dean was wearing a suit, but he pulled the white gauze of a veil out of his face. They were wearing matching rings. Dean realized he saw Sam at a booth, talking to a dark haired woman whose back was to him. Charlie, Jo, Ellen, Kevin, Linda, Rufus, mom, a little kid running through the aisles as Kelly chased after, even Cassie, sitting close to a woman Dean didn’t recognize with her arm around her; all the patrons of the diner were in some way his. Even the grey and red blurs of Crowley, Benny, and Anna in the back.
ready but psychologically you may still have a lot of anxiety that you’re just trying to push through–”
“Whoa, calm down there, mama bear, I can hear you starting to growl. No. I mean, it does, but not like that. I’m worried… I guess I’m just worried I’m gonna fuck something up and make
“Whoa. Hang on. Some of us operate on the idea they need to breath sometimes, okay? Holy hell, fucking you just now was like fucking a gravity well. In a good way.”
“A wise man in the Bible once said it’s not cowardice to avoid sticking your hand in a wasp’s nest, it’s sanity–”
“He said he went around town checking other bars and spots where the ghost might appear for a second shot, just to be sure. Sounded like he might have caught some rest at a bus stop.”
“Oh. Oh, Claire. I… Can we talk in the car?”
“Do you actually know how to use any of this?”
i've been listening to this song and losing my mind for cas reasons
He kissed her, felt her up, fingered her clit and inside, trailed down her chest and started going down on her, then back up, fingers again, until she started pushing herself impatiently up against him. Belt and pants were off, swearing and laughing with her when he tripped over his shoes, forgetting they were still on. There was always magically carpet under his feet in these dreams when he decided to take his shoes off, not dirty and cold linoleum.
Dean kept staring at it, even as his hand reached up to stroke and scratch at the hair over Cas’s neck. His smile tilted wryly, thought his eyes were warm and shining. He nodded.
“Not the sex, the birthday sex is a given. But um. You really liked it?”
was a medical doctor than it wouldn’t hurt him to do something other than hover over Rufus’s shoulder as he researched pre-Occupation Bajoran theology. Cas had come home that same day covered in a concerning amount of dirt but glowing and smiling as he explained at dinner how good the soil was and how excited he was to see the first green leaves. Rufus had shared a look with Bobby and scoffed, as if to say
Cas looked like he was debating throwing Dean through the bedroom window. Dean squeezed his wrist. God, what had he done to win Cas over before?
“I just mean, you know, big like you usually are. Cas, come on. Tell me what’s up.”
“They were mostly frightening. That’s all,” directed down at Cas’s own plate, which looked like half of a breakfast combo.
I collapse against the bedframe, my body trembling, and occasionally shuddering violently with an aftershock.
, plain as day, undeniable, and unmistakeable. Shit, shit, shit. Shit. Dean felt...he felt the same way, but Cas never said it till now, till it was too late, so how can Dean...how the hell can he say it back?
He smiles softly, and gives me a look so tender that I struggle to keep breathing.
But when it was the three of us around the table, I couldn't do it. Not after what Sam said. I had to leave the room before I punched him in the face. He'd deserve it, too. He started this crapfest.
"Shut
And I can feel Cas' throat relaxing around me, and his hands slide up my back a little, his forearms resting against my ass now, his biceps contracting against my thighs. The full pressure of his arms is drawing me in; urging me forward.
. But I like myself more when he's around. I'm a better person when I'm with him. Because of him.
Actually--forget butterflies. I feel like I've got a goddamn tornado in my stomach.
He silences me with a bleary kiss to the side of my mouth as he hoists himself clumsily onto my lap. "Shut up, Cas," he says, and then, when I begin to object, "No--
It must have been too close to prayer, because his breath hitches. His hand tightens possessively where it rests on my ass, and his answering kiss intensifies, a wordless moan passing from his lips into my mouth. I can feel a wave of warmth pass from him into me like an electric current. The heat of his love is like wildfire--he is an angel, after all. It's not just heat, either--it's a raw, ragged sensation; a longing every bit as unrelenting as mine. It's visceral, and it makes me shudder.
Then there was the third time. The time with the reaper, Annie or Abigail or whatever. No...April. That's right; April. And this time, Dean is stricken with guilt, because this time, it's very, very real. There's no Lucifer or Leviathan to distract from the fact that Cas is dead. Cas, who literally couldn't pick up a chick at a strip joint, gets seduced by a reaper who was hired to kill him. And she does kill him. And it's Dean's fault, all of it. It's Dean's fault Cas lost his grace; Dean's fault Cas is human; Dean's fault that Cas trusts the fake 'human' April too easily, and gets sucked in by the bitch. But as if nearly losing him wasn't bad enough, after Zeke brings him back, it gets worse. No sooner does he have Cas somewhere safe, back
of me, Cas."
"Okay, okay, that's enough about what Sam says. And--and stop talking to Sam about me, okay? Talk to
that, huh?"
he does not know how to reply. He is lost. He is overwhelmed.
Instead, I just let my knees fall open, relax into the couch, and wait.
He licks his lips nervously, flushing in the dim light.
"Kiss me, dammit," he pleads softly, and Cas finally--
"Cas--" I say, at the same moment as he gasps out "
an angel, remember."
His breath hitches; fingers tightening on my shoulders as he opens his eyes to look at me. They are heavy-lidded, but I already knew he was aroused; he is half-hard, and brushing against my stomach.
Right now, that word is "Um", which he says as he pads his way over to the bedside table, bending slightly to open a drawer. I admire the contours of his form, and I wish it had taken him longer to find what he was looking for, but he quickly succeeds and makes his way back to me, lubricant in hand. He tosses it to me from a few feet away.
I feel Cas moving beside me, and hear the rustling of skin and fabric. Wiping his mouth, probably. Then I feel his scratchy face against my shoulder; a leg across my legs, and an arm over my back. He presses a gentle kiss to the back of my neck; his mouth hot and soft and maybe a little puffy.
See? Stupid. Absolute frigging idiot.
And he deserves someone who can grow enough to accept his love. He deserves to know that I love him back.
I do as he asks, and after I flick the switch, the small lamp in the corner is the only source of light that remains. It makes no difference to me: I can see perfectly clearly either way, but for human eyes, it leaves the room dark, with only the very outer edges of any shape gilded by a golden glow.
Dean feels a shiver creeping, slow and delicious, up his spine. He hates it--the way Cas turns him into this pathetic excuse for a man; this…this
But Cas is close: Dean can feel it. He's pulsating inside him, his cock thrusting in jerky movements while he’s still trying to hold back. Dean's dick is doing the same; throbbing; shiny and red as it bounces against their stomachs. Every time it hits skin edges him closer to orgasm. But then, Cas shifts the pace, and Dean's soft grunts become more urgent, because Cas is getting him
"Are you alright, Dean?"
Cas just smiles beatifically, and slowly and deliberately tilts his hips, rocking gently. Reminding Dean of
His voice is soft in my ear. "Sleep, Dean. I'll watch over you."
I make my way back to him, now leaning back on his elbows, his nipples hard enough to attract the attention of the dim light through the thin fabric of his shirt. He is the very picture of temptation. I do not believe he knows that I can still see everything. If he knew, I do not think he would be able to look at me with that hunger in his eyes. And I am grateful that he doesn't know, because it is a hunger that is flattering to see. I am not used to feeling...desired. Much less being desired by the object of my affection. It is simultaneously humbling and exhilarating.
you."
As I lie back again, I see that the hunger in his eyes is more pronounced. His breath is unsteady. He lies carefully alongside me, his body warm and his erection hard against my thigh, but his hand hovers over my skin, as though there is an invisible forcefield between us: a boundary that he is afraid to cross.
"I won't leave you."
I bristle. "I
I don't know why it was different. Maybe it's an angel thing?
The Empty
I feel him tensing up, and it is unclear whether it is good tension or bad tension, so I add a soft, appreciative hum to my movement as I shift a little against the pillow, letting my lips slide back and forth over the ridge that separates the head of his cock from the shaft.
Dinner was nice. Dean asked about Renee’s new girlfriend, and Darren, and if Harold was still gonna lend him his copies of all of Shakespeare’s Henry plays. Cas asked about Jo and Bobby, and noticed that Dean had used tomatoes from the garden (“How can you tell?” “I just can.” “Sure.”). Cas helped him clean the dishes, standing next to him at the sink and letting their elbows brush, and they talked about
“I think I have to go.”
“Dean?”
of the world you’re opening it to, you gotta pay a toll. In this case it was grace or demonic… whatever powers them. Roach juice or dry ice or something.”
“No. And to be honest, you lie a lot, but I’m pretty sure on this one. Why, worried that I’m gonna mess up the timeline and Biff’s gonna be president?”
Dean laughed, “Sure, let’s get into a competition about that.”
Cas narrowed his eyes, “I did and it wasn’t right for you.”
He leaned his head against the window, “Hey, Charlie, what music is this?”
Quietly, “What’s wrong with that?”
“Do it, right here, I’m ready–“
?” Cas had skipped straight past disdain and to anger, and Dean chose to remember the time Cas had made him and Sam sandwiches and ignore the time Cas had threatened to throw him back into hell.
“I have to go.”
tomorrow, at least the PG parts.
He snapped out of it, annoyed with himself, “I got it.”
“I intend to. Dean…”
And sure, maybe he was a pillow princess, but what the hell else was he supposed to do? He was clinging for dear life at this point to the sheets left on the mattress, catching his breath as best he could. He could at least enjoy the view. Cas was sweating, the skin on his torso sticking to the skin on Dean’s thighs. Dean’s eyes trailed down the sheen of Cas’s chest to see where his dick disappeared into Dean, and then reappeared,
The phone rattled ominously in the passenger seat.
“Well, my big brother is gonna help. He can be kind of a dick and he’ll act like he won’t at first and he’ll probably hurt himself, but. He’s always the one trying to take care of me. He basically raised me.”
“Cas. You wanna come over for dinner? Sam’s gone and I’m losing my mind over here.”
“Cas?” Exhausted but awake.
They all sat on the desk, except for the postcard, which he had pinned to the wall with a nail, and the iPod, which he worried his hands over as he stared at his little altar of earthly things. It would be nice to have more. It would be nice, at least, to get up and get a pen or something to put in the cactus.
“Actually, yeah. I should have some that haven’t turned to dust.”
“Can’t you just,” Dean leaned his back against the fence and waved his hand around, “poof them back here?”
“Just sit here. I’m not going to leave, I’m just going to give you some space and tell Dean that we’re here. But I won’t leave your sight or anything, okay? I’m just going to give you some room.”
“Cas–”
“Cas, I just kissed you on the mouth, do we have to––”
“Sure.”
Cas brushed his cheek with his hand; a gesture as formerly-impossible as hand-holding or fucking, “That’s what all this time we have now is for, isn’t it?”
“Risa’s a good idea. Seriously. I can come with you, if you want. You’ll meet people from all over the galaxy. They have some pretty fun holosuites too. You’ll get some ideas for what you want to do with your life. Hell, maybe we can start trying to find a way to sneak you back into the Q so you can stop slumming it on this plane.”
“Did you uh, ever see the ghost yourself?”
“Yeah, yeah. You know, we weren’t talking about Cas but you mentioned him. I’m really proud of him for doing all this. It’s not easy to admit you want to meet someone and put yourself out there, especially in a heteronormative culture.”
“Dean. Dean, you have to want this. I have to know you’re choosing this.”
“I think I can make it to Omaha. Can you send Sam to come get me?”
“Let me guess. Sam and Bobby are worried.”
“Because I can't
“Yeah, me and Sam were like oh? And thank God Sammy was there because he takes the reins and asks all these questions, like uh, fuck, what are they called, pronouns? Like, Jack, you want other pronouns?”
“Cas. Please. I really don’t know what’s going on, but I promise I’m not trying to hurt anybody. You’re the only one who can help me.”
They mulled over that fact uselessly, but together at least, and Sam added, again trying to mask it with a rough laugh, “I really miss you, man.”
“Dean?”
And Cas was back. A big tally mark on the win side. There was that.
“What? No,” and Dean believed him, “I just… I never expect to meet anyone who knows me from the academy. Or recognizes me. It was nice, but I just…”
“Yeah, that Cas came right out the gate and into the barn smug as hell and ready to throw me across the room if he felt like it. I stabbed him in the chest and he just thought it was cute.”
,” and here Dean’s scraped tight and desperate, “If you came back, and you just ripped the band-aid off, I promise it would be me. You could come here and just get it over with, this big moment of happiness that you think will break the illusion. And then it won’t break, because this is real, and then you can be happy. I’ll make you so happy. Cas, I–”
“Then call me. I’ll come. But I’m not going to spend any more time around you than I have to.”
“But does he treat you right? I mean, the guy always seemed all over the place.”
Dean didn’t know what part of him to touch to make it better, so he just said, “I’m here. I’m here, Cas.”
“Okay. Can you stand?”
Dean hands hovered between their chests, trembling with the clumsy need to comfort and soothe, “You question things. You see the world differently than other angels. There’s one other angel named Anna, who cares about humanity–”
Sam shrugged, “Then freak out. That’s the price for being a douchebag. Maybe next time you’ll think twice.”
“Anyway, don’t let your arms get tired holding up that boombox, Dean; here’s ‘In Your Eyes,’ by Peter Gabriel!”
“If I hear gunshots or yelling–”
“Why did you want me to stay today?”
“I mean, I don’t do anything more dangerous than other hunters, and I don’t do anything more stupid than other people our age. But she says it isn’t normal, and like, that I have a death wish. She literally said death wish!”
(See the end of the chapter for
Instead he said gruffly into his water and lemon, “Not your fault.”
But Cas was already rolling over to reach for him, and suddenly the room was green and pink. The blanket was gone. The walls were gone. There were fluffy, buoyant clouds overhead, purple and orange as the sun set. They were lying in a field. Dean propped himself on his elbows and noted the wildflowers swaying above his head, the rest crushed into a mat under his body.
“Hey, it’s not my fault I’m giving out mixed signals. I didn’t even
passed back and forth like a plate over a table. The one sentence was shared between them. Dean fell asleep. Cas, in some kind of trance-like state that he might have once known back in the days when the Earth was only water, felt Dean calling for him eventually.
But he was gone. Dean had been kidding himself trying to hold onto him.
“Bobby. I’m serious. I can’t fuck this up.”
“What did you dream about, Cas? Beekeeping?”
“Jack… If it’s okay for you to talk about, can I ask what happened?”
“Yes. I would like that.”
“Does it seem real?”
“Then send me back.”
Sam was curling his hands around his arms, bundling himself up. Dean let his eyebrows stay up, less teasing than before.
“Oh.”
“You want me to use my power to bring you a
Sam tossed a bag of chips at him, bowling over the empty beer cans with a series of tinny clanking, “Yeah. He’s gonna miss out.”
“If they come back, we can deal with them then. But they’re just humans now, Cas. And I don’t want to spend my whole life being afraid of people.”
A shaky laugh, “Yeah, well. I’m– I was thinking about you know, when you get home. And when Sam and Eileen finally get sick of me. And you and Jack, maybe you two will go with them. But that’s not even– Cas, what if you and me shouldn’t do this? What if we’re bad for each other?”
“I got the radio on.”
Cas was still staring, though his head was tilted. He blinked slowly, maybe deliberately.
“Oh, yeah, well,” Dean tongued something out of his molars, “That’s great. Good. Those guys are always so full of themselves, though, you know?”
“I don’t own you, Cas. I mean, I don’t even know where you are right now
“Oh yeah, good for you, great point. Did you think about how that would make me feel, at all? What I would do after you died?”
“What do you mean 'what happened'?”
“Still. I’m sorry. I’m sure it was hard.”
“Oh. So what do you look like now?”
“... I’m fine. How are you?”
Cas looked warily at the bed as if it was rigged to explode, “You’d be alright with that?”
Another laugh, not bitter, “You know how he is. But yeah, maybe the next time I can corner him into being relaxed enough to let me say it.”
Dean grinned as he made the first push, and Cas didn’t scream or burst into flame, “Yeah. The old human way. I licked it.”
“Yes.”
“I think that’s a great idea. You should do it.”
“Might as well enjoy it,” and Dean leaned in and kissed him, short and sweet, wondering if the spell would break once he started gaming the system as Cas went still under him.
“Hm. Okay.”
“She’s good. She sleeps in really late.”
Sam wished it was the right time to express how much he appreciated Cas’s help, the way he balanced out him and Dean in a way they’d always needed, the way he really had become Sam’s best friend and Dean’s ‘best friend’ down the line, but for now he just nodded. Cas waited for him to get out of eyesight of the door before unlocking it and throwing it open so hard it banged against the wall.
“Charlie? You know? Red hair, human, even geekier than you, also spent the night at someone’s place?”
“Crocker,” so not anybody’s great-great grandma as far as he knew.
“Do you want me to change my clothes?”
“Yes. That’s very true.”
“There, right there–“
“Dean,” Cas was already putting on his coat and looking for the car keys.
“... I miss you too,” but he could sense the hint of resentment in Jack’s voice, and the pen dug over the paper.
“I told Cas,” Dean was wiping his hands with a dish towel in the kitchen while the oven hummed, “Figured we could all go visit Claire while we’re up there.”
“Cas says you’ve never seen Star Trek.”
“I love you, Dean.”
That was almost harder to say, and he rubbed a hand over his face as his voice cracked, “Yeah. I did.”
“The cashier’s in the back.”
“Your dad is going to kill me if I let you hurt yourself twenty seconds before he gets here. Come on, Jack, sit down. Where’s Dusty, is she still outside?”
“I’m surprised they risked it. Anything could have come out of that portal while your prince went to go pull you out of the tower.”
“What is it? Something about me?”
They went to the hospital, they got back from the hospital. Cas went in the bathroom to try and clean his arm off. It had a weird smell to it. Dean stopped bothering Sam to lean both his elbows on the sink and watch him.
“I know.”
?” his voice croaked.
The changeling shrieked again and turned to beige ooze on the floor. Cas collapsed against the wall and Dean started yelling for someone to help, pressing his hand in horror against the blood flowing out of Cas’s ridiculous antique shirt.
Cas kept dealing, but said lightly, “I thought you might like to know I’m good with my hands.”
“Answer me!”
“Hold on. Wait a minute. Something I gotta give you.”
“I can’t speak for them. But if you saw Ruby today, what would you want? To kill her or talk to her? And what would you want her to do? Not what you think she would do, but what you would want to happen.”
Dean had to put an arm behind Cas’s shoulder to get him close enough for the blanket to fit. Cas almost elbowed him in the neck, and spilled some of the beer. Once Cas had moved close enough for Dean to stop muttering
“Okay. I pulled up the town to see if there are any obvious trails to pick up and did some research.”
“Goodnight, Cas.”
“Dean. Dean, I’m close,” he was suddenly aware of their voices, even through the thick walls and doors, and he spoke quietly.
“Nothing. But I…” and maybe he could only avoid telling Jack what it had been like for so long, “Jack, there were times in the Empty where I would think I was seeing you. Or spending time with you, or you were rescuing me. And then it would be a trick, meant to torture me, and you would be gone.”
