smile. “I guess I can try if that’s what you think is best Steve, but I told you before it’s no problem. I still want to be with you no matter what.”
Rising up on his elbow and resting his head on his hand, Bucky kissed Steve’s cheek as he said, “He’s right Stevie, tonight was about you.”
Steve watched as Bucky hands roved all over Tony’s body, caressing every inch of his skin except the area between his legs. He saw Tony gasp when Bucky’s fingers threaded lightly across his nipples. Tony’s back arch as he moaned when Bucky licked over the apex of skin where Tony’s thighs met his hips. Steve felt himself growing desperately hard at Tony’s reactions, wanting to know exactly what Bucky did to elicit those responses. “Tell me what he’s doing that makes you moan like that honey. How  is he making you feel?”
“I was — I didn’t think you’d… you know, reciprocate. I was terrified.” Steve’s eyes fell, and he shifted his weight on his feet. “Still am, a little,” he confessed under his breath, avoiding Tony’s eyes.
If Steve had any other doubts in his mind about Tony’s decision, they were quickly erased by the kiss they shared. It was something fierce, so perfect and wholly
Peter tried to hide his growing grin, amused at the cute gesture. “Pops, I think the cheese in your post just gave me lactose intolerance.”
“No, I –” Steve’s voice was wrecked, wavering on the edge of breaking. His breath was shaky as it stuttered in his chest, eyes glistening with tears when he turned to face Tony. “I’m fine,” he lied.
Sudden realization dawned on Tony’s face, followed by a slew of other things washing over his features. He reached up to brush his thumb over the rogue tear that slipped down Steve’s cheek. “Oh, Steve…”
Truly, the real proof that Tony had a heart was evidenced by the people standing around them at the small dock on the lakeside cabin. It was his family mourning for him — Steve and Rhodey and Pepper, Happy and Thor and Bruce and Clint — and the new people with them who’d stayed to honor the man who sacrificed himself to save… to save everyone but himself.
Steve tapped the pen in his palm before deciding to replace it, walking into Tony’s personal space as he rested it on the table. They stared at each other, the air between them electrically charged. Because he felt like it needed to be voiced, Steve said, “I’m not against
“Never knew you’d be so vulgar in bed,” Tony jibed, twisting his hand on the upstroke as he continued massaging Steve’s prostate.
Silence. Nothing but silence. Tony could swear that they’d all be able to hear a pin drop if it weren’t for the melodic sound of Mariah Carey belting out in song.
“Sir, yes, sir,” Steve teased, detaching himself from Tony and giving a half-hearted salute. Tony leaned forward to smack Steve’s ass as he retreated, giggling to himself as they both bolted in a run to their bedroom.
Steve was running his hands through his hair, peeling off his rain-soaked blazer, saying something that didn’t quite process in Tony’s head. The genius couldn’t really focus on anything except the way Steve’s lips formed around the words he spoke; the glitter in his blue eyes when he looked out to the darkened skies. Tony thought he was so goddamn beautiful, and it was worth throwing away the rest of his plan for.
It was times like this that made Steve’s heart sing, now that Tony wasn’t afraid to showcase some public displays of affection. Tony took advantage of their inverted height difference to angle the blond’s head up, meeting his mouth in a quick peck. A syrupy grin appeared on Steve’s face, a soft hum coming from the back of his throat. “I love you, Shellhead,” he confessed, and he wasn’t ashamed in the slightest at how airy his voice had sounded.
Panic flashed in the super-soldier’s eyes before confusion replaced it once more. “Your birthday isn’t… until next month, though?” he said, more of a question than a statement.
“Medical, yup,” Tony breathed intelligently, hastily, pivoting on his heel and returning the way he came. The deep blush that appeared on the man’s cheeks was hard to miss.
Steve laughed, his smile widening while his eyes crinkled at the corners. Tony smiled back, his chest filling with a kind of warmth that he couldn’t quite place. For the briefest a moment, he worried something was wrong with the Arc Reactor again.
“Give me a break!” Tony shouted, taking a step in Steve’s direction. Exhaustion and defeat were evident in his voice as he pleaded, “I’m doing what has to be done. To stave off something worse.”
He shouldn’t. He knew they shouldn’t. They had to talk about it like adults, make this thing between them — what this
And, even in a universe where aliens existed and he worked with a god and apparently magic was a thing, he wasn’t one to live with too many unanswered questions; he could master thermonuclear astrophysics in a single night, after all.
The words seemed to die on his tongue when Steve all but climbed into his lap, reached to lower the seat back, and licked into Tony’s mouth, which tasted of cookies and cream.
Ever since retiring from SHIELD, Clint had moved Laura and his kids up with them to New York. They were around more often than not, and it was during these days that Steve saw firsthand how Tony was so capable of handling them around the compound. He tended to humor Cooper’s curiosity about the Avengers or even attempt to make Lila laugh whenever she went all moody and buried her face in her cellphone at the table. One of Steve’s favorite things Tony did was sit Nathaniel on his back and crawl around the communal floor like a horse, because the kid would never stop laughing at the weird neighing sounds Tony would make (Steve walked in on that once, much to Tony’s chagrin, and he could’ve sworn that he fell in love with the man all over again, right then and there.)
Steve’s lips migrated to the line of his jaw, peppering it with wet kisses as he trailed them down the skin of Tony’s neck. He nipped at the hollow of Tony’s throat, licking a line back up to capture his mouth once more. “Would you let me do whatever I wanted with you?” Steve whispered against his mouth, sucking on Tony’s bottom lip. “Would you let
Tony turned on his heel, walking backwards as he led Bucky Barnes through the compound, Steve trailing behind them. He and Barnes made some small talk as they continued to the boarding rooms, the space between them no longer a thin sheet of ice but a sturdy bridge of trust. He couldn’t help the grin tugging at the corners of his mouth. Tony felt proud of himself; he had kept his promise to Steve many months ago, fought the legal battles on their behalf, and was successful in bringing all of them back home.
Steve pursed his mouth in consideration, shrugging. “Dunno. Maybe you can tell me about what really happened in Tennessee since you and Tony had
And that was all it took. With a groan, Steve surged forward, capturing Tony’s mouth as he raised his hands to hold him closer. Tony leaned into the kiss, returning the heat and vigor that Steve put behind it. It was Steve’s hands, strong and sure, that held onto Tony like his life depended on the action, and then there were just
that when they finally parted, Steve couldn’t open his eyes for a few moments, just basking in the moment. When he finally did blink his eyes open, Steve found Tony’s gaze immediately, saying in a lust-filled voice, “Let’s go make a baby.”
“That’s a little morbid for a romance.” Tony turned his head toward him, catching his expression. Steve was wide-eyed, the ghost of a smile tugging on the corners of his mouth from Tony’s quip. He seemed at peace, relieved if anything.
. He loved the ocean-blue of Steve’s eyes, the curl of his lip when he smiled, the kindness of his heart, and most recently, the absolute filth that would come from his not-so-innocent mouth (eat your heart out, America).
Tony cackled at that, almost doubling over as he howled in laughter. He wiped a tear from the corner of his eye, trying to catch his breath. “Oh, man. What a guy. You’re the best.”
Tony was at Steve’s side then, hands resting loosely on the arm of the hospital bed. He could see the tears glistening in Steve’s eyes, making his own heart ache. In only three breaths, all his anger at Steve had melted away from his shoulders. When his boyfriend reached out to grab hold of his hand, Tony flexed to intertwine their fingers together, caressing a thumb over his bruised knuckles.
“Oh! Ha. Tony’s AI let me up after I showed it my invite,” Hammer answered smugly, eyes roving around the room and taking everything in, including the absurd expressions on each of the six Avengers’ faces.
Tony snorted, clapping a hand over his mouth in an attempt to stifle it. “You’re so lucky you’re cute.”
“I love you,” Tony said again, louder, leaning forward once more to press a sweet kiss to Steve’s lips. He tugged him forward by the waist, drawing him in between his knees. The words were like a mantra now falling off his tongue, punctuated by each kiss. “I love you.”
Steve grinned and tackled him to the carpet. Stark yelped in surprise, but Steve was careful about how they landed, cushioning Stark’s head and taking an elbow to the chest so Stark wouldn’t bang it on the floor. They were all bruised enough already, and the last thing Steve wanted to do was add more hurts.
“Forgive me.” Thor’s hand moved between Steve’s legs, his fingers thick and confident, and Steve ground against him with a pleased hum. “I’m sorry to have missed the start of the festivities. I trust the others left you well satisfied?”
“Yeah, please,” Steve said, and wasn’t surprised when Bruce pressed in close immediately, some of the ferocity he’d been suppressing leaking out in the controlled force he used to draw Steve onto his side. Bruce gripped the back of his head in one broad hand and kissed him hungrily. He was being careful, it wasn’t in his nature to be careless, but he was being a lot pushier about kissing than he’d been about coming, not trying to hide the strength in his arms and shoulders. Steve took his cue and gave as good as he got, finally getting his hands on Bruce’s skin. Bruce ran even hotter than he did. Steve pressed into that warmth with greedy eagerness, pleased when Bruce arched into his touches and let himself be drawn down onto the bed. Their kisses slowed and gentled as Bruce relaxed, mellowing fast now that they were skin to skin. Eventually Bruce pulled his mouth away and rested it on Steve’s shoulder, his eyes already closed.
than he had looked when he was sitting at the negotiating table, tall enough for his head to brush the tent ceiling, broad enough that the distinctive shield on his back was only visible in thin crescents on either side of his chest.
“Barton,” she said, and then Clint was crawling over the bed towards him. He was still sleepily uncoordinated, but there was nothing shy or uncertain in his firm grip on Steve’s erection. His mouth followed a moment later. Steve groaned and twined his fingers into Clint’s hair, careful not to yank but needing the contact, needing to touch. Clint rested his elbow on Steve’s thighs and sucked leisurely, drawing off to tongue at Steve’s slick hole for long minutes before mouthing at his cock and sliding back down. Steve threw his head back while he came, his eyes squeezing shut as his mouth dropped open, his back bowing up against the mattress for long moments before he collapsed back down and went boneless.
Their city had repelled raiders from the north before, with Howard’s cannons picking off ships at long range until the raiders simply turned and sailed for easier targets. That wouldn’t work against the Captain. Even if the cannons had been properly maintained since Howard’s death, which Tony knew for a fact hadn’t happened, the Captain’s ships were staying too far offshore for the cannons to reach. His own fleet’s cannons were in better shape, and although he didn’t have the advantage of the high ground, he could no doubt find a way to compensate. The Captain’s tactics were legendary. If he decided to target the city, he’d find a way in sooner or later.
Steve’s eyes moved down, looking over Tony’s body with thorough, careful attention. Tony felt his cheeks heat. He’d never been naked in front of an alpha before, apart from the occasional alpha healer when he’d been a child, and he’d never been on display like this for
Sam had a quick exchange with Steve, and Steve’s face lightened. He looked at Tony and raised his eyebrows.
“Okay,” Bruce said quietly, “yes, okay,” and came on a long sigh. Most of his come landed on Steve’s chest, with a few stray drops making it up to Steve’s chin. He stayed in his crouch for a few long moments after, breathing through his nose, then sank back onto his sitbones. His fingers reached out reflexively to trace the column of Steve’s throat. Steve stayed quiet and let him work through his reaction, only moving in order to kiss Bruce’s wrist once it was within range.
Would make a soft shushing noise. Tony blinked. Steve made the noise again, then moved Tony a little closer, hitching him up until he was cuddled into Steve’s chest. He rested his chin on top of Tony’s head. Tony’s nose was right by Steve’s pulse point, where his scent was strong. It held none of the aggression Tony had expected.
A familiar bulky frame stood a little ways away from Tony, a suitcase neatly beside him, dressed properly in an army uniform, with a jaunty cap placed on his neat golden locks. Tony's eyes stared at him, disbelieving, staring at the strong jaw line, the clean shaven peach skin, his rosy lips, his straight nose, before finally locking onto his eyes. His blue eyes held his gaze, and everything besides him faded away, leaving only him. He gave the brunette a faint smile, speaking up.
"Let's go home." He murmured, and Steve nodded, giving him a smile back. The rest of the trip was a blur, Tony's eyes refused to tear away from Steve, their fingers wound together tightly, and Pepper smiled smugly back the whole ride. Her mission was accomplished.
"Hey, Pep, I've been looking everywhere for you! Hey, have you--" Tony looked up to see a Russian woman with a poker-face on, with Pepper looking at him faintly guiltily. He furrowed his brows, looking from Nat to Pepper, and back to Nat again. "Oooookay, what's going on?" He asked, and Nat looked up, shrugging casually.
It’s definitely not anything like that when he makes random Disney references from the movies they’ve watched that Steve immediately gets at the breakfast table, making him grin or chuckle while the others look at them like they’re insane. That’s okay. He doesn’t mind being a little insane if it makes Steve smile.
"Pepper, why the hell are you dragging me to the airport for you to greet your cousin? God, I have work to do." Tony muttered, struggling briefly against the ginger haired woman's grip, trying to escape before giving up and letting himself be dragged toward the entrance.
"Pep, I have work to do. I'm sorry, maybe ask Nat?" Tony started to say, but the ginger haired woman firmly shook her head, before marching over and grabbing the collar of his shirt, starting to drag him out of the lab. Damn, was she strong. "Pep! Hey, woah! Let me go!" Tony flailed, attempting to escape, but failed miserably as he was dragged up the stairs.
Tony watched as agents milled around by the hangar, stocking or unloading. Some were cleaning or taking their breaks, huddled against the wall like a cluster of penguins braving the cold together as they attempted to appear invisible for a few minutes of undisturbed peace.
Tony didn’t even get the opportunity to kiss back properly before Steve was drawing back, much to his disappointment and chagrin. “Steve, what are you doing?” he protested, tightening his grip on the back of Steve’s neck as he fixed his husband with a perplexed look.
Tony let out a husky laugh, rising from the ground back onto his feet with a sigh, ignoring the throbbing ache in his own pants. Casually, he brushed himself free of any dust that could be clinging to him, slipping closer to Steve who was still using the wall as support. Clearing his throat, Tony silently pulled the blond’s underwear and pants back up, carefully tucking him back in and fixing his pants before he looped Steve’s belt back into place.
Steve hummed, letting out a sigh in the end as he leaned in even closer, the space between them fast becoming nonexistent as they shared the same air. “You don’t know the half of it,” he finally answered before he pressed in to share a chaste kiss with Tony.
The smirk in her voice is obvious. He huffs. He turns his head to look at Steve who’s oblivious to his careening and desperate demise.
Steve pulled Tony up into their room, closing the door after them, before he pressed closer, kissing him eagerly, and Tony smiled into the kiss, cupping the blonde's face in his hands, before murmuring an 'I love you' into the kiss, which Steve eagerly returned with the words 'I love you too'. They hadn't done this in ages, and soon enough, their clothes found their way to the floor and pooled on the floor in puddles of cloth. Tony pressed hot open mouthed kisses down the blonde's throat, his fingers and hands mapping out Steve's body again, eliciting those gorgeous noises he's missed from him as they fell back on the bed, Tony's body pressing him back into the bed.
The blonde's breath came in little gasps and puffs, his wet and bruised lips from all the kissing were parted, his eyes half lidded and full of lust as he watched Tony, who gave him a light smirk, before licking a trail down Steve's body, to which the blonde's eyes fluttered closed as he arched up off the bed with another moan as Tony nipped at his toned stomach. "Tony..." He moaned out, his hands sliding up Tony's arm to clench on the brunette's shoulders, his legs looping around his waist, ankles crossing. "Please... It's been so long." He panted out, and with a nod, Tony affectionately pulled his warm mouth away from Steve's body, earning a dismayed groan as the blonde shifted, his hard member leaking pre-cum, slapping against the hard ridges of his stomach. Tony leaned down to kiss him again.
Tony melts. He gives a small shudder and sighs, his bent legs stretching out on the couch, all the tension leaving his shoulders, his head lolling back onto Steve’s shoulder, eyes fluttering shut as he relaxes, like a pile of goop, for the lack of a better way to say it. Tony’s mouth becomes slack, and he almost purrs. He blinks after a moment or two of surprised silence from Steve and eyes him with a small sheepish grin.
Things were great for Tony for once. He had many friends, and they all loved and adored him, and he had the greatest boyfriend. Of course, being an idiot, things had been really complicated getting together, but they'd made it, and Tony was... Happy. Content. Nothing could go wrong. He always found himself shooting Steve really stupid looks, and as Natasha had informed him once, he gave him the "bedroom eyes" constantly, and he also knew it was starting to make the Russian red headed woman sick. Ah well. He was tinkering around in his lab, but a familiar voice broke the peaceful silence.
Once he was satisfied that Steve was put back together, Tony leaned in to kiss him who eagerly returned it, shuddering at the fact that he could still taste himself on Tony’s lips. When Tony felt Steve’s fingers tugging at his pants, he laughed softly before pushing the blond’s hands away. When Steve’s brows furrowed, Tony reached up to smooth the creases away.
Later, the brunette watched Steve sleep, nestled against him, his head leaning against his chest and his arm sprawled around his waist as Tony used one hand to support his head up, the other reaching down to brush over Steve's mouth, then his cheek, his jaw, then slid the other into his hair, tugging through it lightly. He was home. Steve was home. And this was where he would stay. He leaned down with a sigh, kissing his forehead, and the blonde sighed happily in his sleep, nuzzling closer. Tony's expression was soft and tender, and he murmured quietly against the skin of his forehead.
Occasionally, he finds films that Steve’s missed and watches them with him when they both have time. He’s just helping him catch up, and it doesn’t mean that Tony has feelings for Steve or anything; he's bored and restless, and for once, he doesn't want to hole up in the lab and work on anything. And yes, so maybe his heart skips a beat when Steve laughs softly every time Tony shows him some new Disney film and he ends up singing the part of Dr. Facilier from The Princess and the Frog. Maybe Tony needs to start laying off the coffee to get his heart to stop jumping at the smallest of things. Sure, Tony can't really focus on the movie because he's hyperaware of the fact their thighs are brushing together and he can feel Steve's warmth even through the fabric of their clothes. It's not his fault that Steve runs like a furnace and Tony keeps getting distracted from the heat.
Tony’s tired. He’s been down at the workshop, going over schematics and code all of last night and the entire day, and he really should be heading up to at least try to sleep before anything else- But as per usual, he gravitates toward Steve and onto the couch beside him. He looks to Steve with a quizzical look, and the man just laughs and shrugs, relaxed, and Tony catches a whiff of the contents of the bottle. It’s not alcohol. At least, not from Earth. It’s Asgardian. Thor must have given Steve some.
Well, Steve thought, it had been two weeks, and that was much too long of a time for them to have been apart.
The tale of Icarus suddenly floods his mind. Icarus had coveted and loved what he couldn’t have. He’d reached for the sun, the god, Apollo. He’d fallen, with the words “just once” escaping his lips.
And it was approximately two weeks later Tony came into his room, shutting the door after him, leaning against it with a blank face before sinking to the floor and buried his face into his hands, the unshed tears coming in torrents and muffling his sobs into his them. A series of knocks on the door made Tony cringe and crawl away from the door, before sitting on the floor with his back to the bed, leaning against it slightly with his knees tucked to his chest, his face buried in his arms. "Go away." He murmured, and his voice was quiet, but jagged and broken. The knocking stopped for a while before the door swung open, and Tony only curled up into a tighter ball.
Steve had jumped away as well, an emotion flickering over his face and eyes too fast for Tony to process after seeing the expression on Tony’s face. He’d schooled his expression to something placid and had smiled, saying that Tony should get more sleep, and then, he’d been gone.
"Oh my god, yes. Yes, Tony, I will marry you." Steve finally gasped out, and with a grin, his soft chocolate eyes still wet, the brunette stood up, pulling the ring out of the box and slipping it onto Steve's left hand on his ring finger, where it would stay. He pulled the blonde down for another soft kiss, and everyone was cheering and shouting, some cooing and crying, but Tony and Steve could not care less. The world had reduced to just the two of them at the moment. Tony pulled away with a luxurious smile.
The god of prophecy had told him that he’d fall in love and it would end with him gone. The god of truth tells him now that Steve is gone.
It doesn’t mean anything like that when he goes up to the top floor where he just knows Steve is, drawing or just sitting, hidden away in a corner. Tony usually has a couple of sandwiches and water, because he knows that Steve has come directly to the workshop without eating or cleaning. After all that activity, Steve’s bound to be hungry and thirsty.
Yes, when it comes to self-destructive tendencies, no one is better at it than Anthony Edward Stark. Frankly, it might as well have been his middle name or another alias, like the Invincible Iron Man.
He suddenly feels like he’s on the brink of something, at the very edge, and with the slightest bit of a nudge, he’ll fall off and into a deep, deep abyss he knows that he’ll perhaps never drag himself out of. Something tightens in his chest even more as he continues to watch Natasha. Her gaze has gone from annoyed, confused, to understanding, and now, to something that looks suspiciously like pity.
Tony didn’t bother answering, a huff of laughter chilling Steve’s skin before the brunet was drawing away. The man’s eyes snapped open as he desperately clutched for his husband before he even processed what he was doing, wanton and frantic to keep Tony close to him. For a split second after Steve opened his eyes, he regretted the decision as he received the perfect image of Tony sinking to his knees, shrugging off his suit jacket, leaving him in a white dress shirt that tucked into grey slacks and framed his legs and hips perfectly. The matching vest and burgundy tie only accentuated how impossibly handsome Tony was. He had no right to look as put together and at ease as he did when he was on his knees in front of Steve, looking up at him with a filthy smirk that only made the simmering want within the blond heighten to new levels, his cock throbbing in his pants in answer.
In battle, it had been so easy to read Steve, and when the Captain approached him, fire blazing bright in his blue eyes, Tony had known exactly what to do each time. No words had to be exchanged and they moved on, their actions like a deadly dance that had been choreographed beforehand perfectly.
He attempts subtlety, but Tony knows he’s looking for him because the instant their eyes meet, Steve’s shoulders slump slightly in relief, and by then, Tony is chuckling and inserting himself smoothly into the conversation, defusing it and stealing Steve away with all kinds of excuses. The twinging in his chest dissipates only after a while when every time he turns or moves, Steve is always a foot or two behind him, moving when he moves, like magnets, for the last half of the event. Once Tony's finished mingling, he often draws back and stays close to Steve, bantering back and forth with him as he teases the good Captain about being as uncomfortable as he is with people wanting his attention. Steve just rolls his eyes and bumps his shoulder against Tony's in a playful gesture, and Tony can't help but wink and flirt because Steve looks amazing in his suit—not that Tony's been thinking about that, in fact, he's been pointedly
It doesn’t mean anything when Tony comes to the surface from the lab and finds Steve spread over the couch, eyes shut and serene, and he’s unable to stop from smiling before he searches out a soft blanket and returns with it to cover Steve before going back to what his initial task. It doesn’t mean anything like that when he sees Steve after an especially hard battle that pushes him further into a slump that Tony has come to recognize to be the overwhelming realization that things have changed so much and that the years have moved on without him, and it causes a tightness in Tony’s chest that he just can’t seem to relieve.
“Tony,” Steve hissed as the dim light clicked on over them, gaze flickering to the door. “I don’t have time for this, this is hardly the appropriate-” Steve’s words were cut off when Tony kissed him, surging over with such a force that Steve couldn’t help but stumble a step or two back, ending up slamming into the wall behind him. The words Steve had been meaning to say died in his throat. All thoughts on his mind were wiped clean as Tony kissed him, and it was all too easy to taste the filthy promises that Tony pressed into his lips. It was nothing like the kiss they’d shared at the hangar.
Steve watched, unable to help but think how it was unfair that Tony could look so unfazed and professional, even after what just transpired, aside from the slight mess his hair had become. He let Tony click the light of the supply closet off and guide him out; Steve still felt as if his balance hadn’t entirely returned and his legs were wobbly.
The brunet sighed as he tapped his fingers on his desk. Though his eyes were fixated on the stream of numbers and text that scrolled down the screen in front of him, his thoughts were otherwise occupied. He wondered what Steve would be doing now, if he was safe and eating well wherever he was. It was more than obvious that their jobs were dangerous and the risks were unavoidable, as per the usual in their line of work. Still, that didn’t mean that Tony couldn’t keep the nagging worry that Steve wasn’t near him, wasn’t around for him to look after, and help if the blond ended up in a tight spot where Iron Man was needed.
If anyone could smirk with a mouthful of cock, there was no doubt that Tony could. The genius crooked his fingers carefully, rough fingertips rubbing and massaging over the blond’s inner walls, searching for the location of that bundle of nerves that would push Steve over the edge. Tony knew the exact moment when he’d found the spot, rubbing and grinding against the ridged flesh there until Steve gave another muffled moaning cry that was still much too loud despite how desperately he tried to smother it in his gloved knuckles.
Steve felt heat creep up his neck, embarrassed. “No, it’s not that… Are you sure it’s safe to be going out in the middle of this pan-Demi Lovato?” Tony gave Steve an incredulous look, so he continued: “Panorama? Pandemonium? Panda sanctuary? C’mon, aren’t you sick of hearing the word ‘pandemic’ all the damn time?”
Bucky scooted his stool a little closer to the countertop, hoping to avoid becoming an unnecessary casualty. He shook his head as he watched the two grown men bickering like children as they sprinted back and forth from the kitchen to the dining area. Bucky muttered loud enough that Steve managed to hear: “I can’t believe there’s
Thor had found it incredibly amusing, citing the magic in whatever drink they’d all consumed to be the cause. A lot of the Asgardian’s words went right over his head, frankly, something about compatibility and consummation and walking in your partner’s shoes. Steve made an attempt at wrapping his head around the news, catching the tail-end of Thor’s spiel about it being only temporary, but he couldn’t stop staring at Tony. Himself? Tony in his body? It was… odd, nevertheless. Literally an out-of-body experience. The magical doodad spell wore off in about two days’ time, but it was enough for Steve to understand a little more about what made Tony tick.
they would both be prepared for this. After all, Steve was the Man with the Plan, and Tony was the Futurist.
“It’s not a dumb—” The color on Steve’s cheeks deepened when he realized Tony was teasing. “I-I can explain.”
Tony cut him off with a humorless laugh, shaking his head. “God, if only everyone had your unbridled optimism. It’s kind of sickening, you know that?”
For a few moments, neither man spoke. Tony stepped further into the room, shutting the door behind him with an uncharacteristically gentle hand. It was so silent that they could hear the
Steve snorted a laugh, rolling his eyes as he opened a cupboard to grab his own mug. “Prodigy of none, you dork.”
“Yeah. Because you kept your promise. Because I’m home.” Steve only regarded him with a sweet smile and love-struck eyes. “I love you,” he whispered, reaching up to grasp Tony’s chin before placing a chaste, delicate kiss to his lips.
“You’re not gonna — that was a foul if I ever saw one!” Bucky got up in the ref’s face, staggering back in surprise when she shoved against his chest. They kept yelling at each other, and it wasn’t until Morgan came up to him and started to drag him by the hand away from the referee that the others found the wherewithal to leave their umbrellas behind to grab Bucky before things got worse.
being the operative word, because the next thing Tony knew, they were both sprawled across the floor just at the foot of the bed, a tangle of limbs and pained groans.
“Right.” And because Sam was smart, he knew well enough when he wasn’t wanted. He got to his feet, giving a weak, “I’ll drop by tomorrow,” to Steve before awkwardly squeezing past Tony, leaving the two other men alone.
When Tony invited Justin Hammer to the Avengers' holiday celebrations, he never thought the guy would actually
“Will you tell us a story before lights-out?” Morgan asked as she hopped into her bed, tugging her comforter closer to her chest.
“Not worthy of ruling Asgard either, I see,” Tony teased, angling his neck to be able to look at Steve over his shoulder.
“Okay.” Steve shifted them both, rolling onto his back and hauling Tony on top of him, effectively trapping them in the blanket like the fillings of a properly rolled burrito. Tony’s weight on him was solid and warm, and their legs tangled together, comfortable and familiar.
From the very beginning, he saw the amount of compassion Tony had. The amount of care he showed. Sometimes, when they had been out in public, little kids would run up to him, and Steve remembered always feeling his heart grow in size just from the sight of Tony kneeling down on the dirty ground to give the kids hugs and spend a few minutes humoring their silly questions.
, naturally. He spent so long staring at Steve’s bare forearms that he crashed right through a streetlight. (It was embarrassing, mortifying with Clint laughing his ass off, but Steve had come running to him and started carding his fingers through Tony’s hair, and maybe, he thought, it was a little bit worth it.)
Between one moment and the next, he shoved Steve’s face directly in the middle of the cake. There was a chorus of surprised gasps and amazed cackles, Tony being one of them. Steve sputtered as he pushed himself to his feet, angling forward to keep the frosting from dripping onto his clothes.
“Yes, with children. If we were to have any. The process for adoption is still kind of ass when it comes to same-sex couples, especially us with how volatile the entire Avenging thing is,” Tony elaborated, tapping around the screen of his tablet, “but I wouldn’t mind surrogacy either if you didn’t. I mean, I’d want to thoroughly vet whoever ends up carrying our child, and I can promise—”
Steve was leaning against the rails of the staircase, two flights down. He had his head in his hands, shoulders visibly tense. Tony stopped a few steps up from him, clearing his throat to signal his presence. Shoving his hands into his pockets, he started, “I… I can leave you alone if you want, really, but I just want to make sure you were alright.”
“Medical, yup,” Tony responded with a bright grin, leaning up on his toes to leave another wet smack onto Steve’s lips.
The next time it happened, Steve realized that Tony must have felt it was two times too many. He was standing at the counter sipping at his coffee when Tony came in that morning, half-awake and clearly sluggish on his feet. Steve accepted the greeting kiss on his cheek, stiffening immediately upon remembering the mess of coffee grounds he’d left in the sink. From his seat at the counter, Bucky noticed the rod-straight posture right away, brows knitting together in question.
Steve laughed and only curled himself around Tony in response, wrapping his arms around his husband. Tony felt a broad grin on Steve’s lips when he kissed the back of his neck, nuzzling into his hair briefly. “Is that any way to greet your husband on your first wedding anniversary?”
When the sun had started to set and casted brilliant reds and golds in the sky that reminded Steve of the Iron Man armor, he finally moved to head into the cabin with the others. He was surprised to find, however, one person kneeling at the edge of the lake with a frown on his face. The kid was blond, skinny, looked a little bit older than Peter was. Steve didn’t recognize him at first, but there was a story Tony had told him once about a Dora the Explorer watch that suddenly came to mind.
He felt the corners of his lips turn up in a smile as he pressed a light kiss to Tony’s hair. “Come to bed,” Steve said, shifting his hands up to the brunet’s arms. He leaned down to kiss his shoulder.
Tony watched as the gears whirred in Steve’s head, almost like he was racking through his brain to figure out whose birthday he was forgetting.
“…and that’s basically it. The gym and lap pool are on the same floor, and the screening room is in the west wing. Kitchens are periodically restocked, just let FRIDAY know what groceries to order.”
Natasha made a sound of disapproval, eyes narrowing as she followed his gaze. “He look uncomfortable to anyone else?”
Steve approached the young man, hands tucked into his pockets. The two of them made eye contact, blue to blue, and Steve gave him a sad smile. “You want to come in?” he offered kindly.
to the public, but we’re surrounded by our family, and fuck it, this is the only time no one’s going to make fun of me for being emo, so I’m taking full advantage of it!”
Tony took a slow but sure step forward, his eyes never leaving Steve’s. “You’re my friend, and you’re in pain. Whatever this is… I want to help.”
“You know,” said Tony breathing heavily, blinking up at his boyfriend, “when I said I’d let you break my back any time you wanted, I didn’t mean it like
Steve and Sam spent a couple of hours doing laps around the nearby park, taking the time to appreciate the fresh air and sunlight for the first time in a few weeks. It was a quiet run until it wasn’t, with Sam starting an unannounced race between the two of them that Steve very annoyingly won anyway.
“You know how, uh, Bucky, he fell and I—” Steve cleared his throat, tongue darting out to wet his lips “—well, didn’t. Catch him. It’s been sort of… Sometimes it’s a lot harder to cope with it, which is unfair to
why Steve was isolating himself: It was February, the anniversary of Bucky Barnes’s death. He was mourning his first love.
“It’s okay not to be, sometimes,” Tony whispered reassuringly. “Being strong means having the strength to break down. Aunt Peggy made sure I knew that.”
“I haven’t seen you this stressed since we—” Tony stifled a laugh when Steve practically jumped out of his skin as he entered the room, eyes so wide he looked crazed. Apologetically, Tony said, “Sorry. Didn’t mean to scare you.”
Steve snorted out a laugh, sliding his hands over Tony’s hips to pull him close enough to rest his forehead against Tony’s shoulder. “
Steve sucked on his teeth as he walked up behind Tony, draping his arms over his shoulders and leaning his chin on top of his head. “You said that hours ago, when I asked the first time.”
“Quit yapping. I’d save my energy if you’re so –” Steve slowed into a light jog, pivoting around just in time to see Tony double over with his hands on his knees, shoulders slumped as he tried to catch his breath. His brown hair was matted with sweat against his forehead.
“Could be.” The line of Tony’s mouth thinned as he pressed his lips together, but it was soon replaced with a sad smile. “See, if not for these, you wouldn’t be here.
But, even after weeks, Tony couldn’t figure out what his boyfriend was going through. And right now, not being able to find him anywhere, he needed to understand what was going on in their relationship more than ever before.
As for Prince Peter, he is the heir of the Collins-Carbonell line, the only son of Carbonell’s King Anthony, 53, and his late wife, Duchess Mary of Parker. Sources close to the royal family cite that the King’s current husband, Duke Steven of Rogers, 41, has been supportive of his son’s choice in choosing Storm’s hand in marriage.
Steve couldn’t help the childish giggle that came from him, twisting out of Tony’s embrace and darting around the kitchen island.
Above all, Steve genuinely loved the way Tony fell apart around him, opening up so sweetly in bed. There were nights where the sex was fast and rough and carnal, but tonight, it was slow and languid and sensual. Tony was expressive in more ways than one, and Steve discovered a satisfying delight in listening to every sound and watching every facial expression that he made. Steve enjoyed pulling Tony apart, before piecing him back together; slowly, methodically, and then all at once.
Tony made a soft whine in the back of his throat, head cocking to the side in consideration for a moment. “Fine.
“Sam and Bucky saw it when they went on that date a month ago, and I didn’t believe them until I went to — doesn’t matter. I’ve been trying to get it back from MoMA so I could burn the damn thing before you could see it, but it’s surprisingly difficult to go about that without revealing that we’re immortal beings and
Tony all but gasped when one of Steve’s cold hands slipped under his shirt, fingers pressing patterns along Tony’s skin as they slid up to trace the circumference of the Arc Reactor, his touch incredibly light around the mess of scars.
Tony grabbed Steve’s face between his hands. They looked at each other for a few heartbeats, sharing a silent conversation. He was warm, alive, breathing right in front of him. He was safe, safer now with Steve beside him.
Today was a good day for her, and Steve was grateful for it. She’d been diagnosed with Alzheimer’s a few years ago, and according to her family, it could sometimes get really bad. Tony had tried to prepare Steve was much as he could, because she didn’t even recognize her own children sometimes. He hadn’t witnessed that personally, because he hadn’t visited in a long time, but their families remained close even after his parents died.
So, Steve is tripping over everything and nothing as they walk over the grounds, with a hole in his heart the shape of Tony Stark.
them to. He had a lot to say about Ross dropping the Sokovia Accords in their laps, but there was going to be even more to say if the Avengers didn’t sign them. (Not to mention, it was something else entirely that Natasha, of all people,
(If he ever got his head back on straight, he would remind Tony to cancel their dinner reservation.)
“I what?” Tony tilted his head inquisitively, letting a small smile fall across his lips. Steve was only half a foot away, close enough to touch. When Tony looked up in his eyes, there was a mixture of fear and hope in them. Prodding teasingly, Tony tried, “Use your words, Steve.”
Tony exited the front doors that faced Vanderbilt Avenue, throwing a kind wave to their doorman. There were still many people walking outside, despite the rain that was slowly picking up. Happy walked with him, holding a large umbrella and shielding them from the heavy drizzle as they crossed the sidewalk to where the car sat parked on the curb.
“That’s so… unfair,” Sam panted as he collapsed against a nearby tree. “You’re like a — a  Bionicle or something.”
So, Steve figured he’d do something about it. It was the reason how Tony found himself sitting on his knees, kneeling on the floor of his private elevator. Steve stood over him, eyes so dark with his own lust that they resembled obsidian pools, and the only thought swimming through Tony’s cloudy mind was that he wanted to
Despite the growing ache in his own chest, Tony couldn’t imagine what Steve was going through. Not entirely. Tony descended the stairs, staying on the last step to be at eye level with his boyfriend. With a gentle hand, he reached forward to wipe the rogue tears from Steve’s face, smiling at him sadly.
Steve couldn’t help the broad smile splitting his face as he watched his husband and daughter. He caught Tony’s gaze, and they just looked at each other in the middle of the busy airport before Steve bent down to kiss Tony one more time.
The frown on Steve’s lips deepened as he tried to blink back the tears. Tony pressed his forehead against Steve’s comfortingly, silent, cupping his face in his hands. A stifled sob escaped Steve’s lips before another followed suit, wracking through his chest.
looks like it hurts,” Steve pointed out firmly, examining Tony’s form. Tony shifted uncomfortably. “You should be in medical.”
Tony rolled his eyes overdramatically, shoving against Steve jokingly. “That’s what it’s there for, genius.” A pink flush appeared across his boyfriend’s cheeks, and he couldn’t help the wide grin that spread across his own lips.
Tony had both hands splayed out flat on the kitchen counter as he leaned forward, staring blankly at the straining dark liquid that gave him life. He was half-awake, teetering on the edge of exhaustion with a maddening headache pounding through his brain. R&D project deadlines had crept up on him and DUM-E had sprayed him with a fire extinguisher when he’d nodded off and accidentally set one of the circuit boards on fire at three in the morning. At this point, his sole personality trait was crankiness.
Tony felt his phone vibrate twice in the pocket of his slacks at the same time that Steve reached for his. The expression on his boyfriend’s face fell immediately; Tony’s brows knitted together in concern.
“Yeah, he’s had back-to-back meetings all afternoon.” Steve made his way back to his seat, swiping up his phone before turning back to Peter. “Can you help me with something right quick?”
Tony had seen Steve in everything and in nothing. Tony had seen him wearing wonderfully tailored suits to public gatherings, donning form-fitting stealth uniforms during missions, and lounging in grey sweats and hoodies in their living room. But seeing Steve wear his old Army uniform, newly pressed and shiny with his medals, hugging his broad shoulders and narrow waist like it did…
“That’s incredibly fascinating,” Thor pressed, faking his interest. He stalked to the couch, rubbing at his chin, and the others watched with amused fascination to see what their friend was planning. “As our guest of honor, I believe you should be the first to see the surprise that I have hidden out in the balcony.”
Steve’s hands found purchase on Tony’s hips, and he pulled him in. Their kiss was harsh, lacking their usual finesse, just clashing teeth and wandering hands and –
“Hey, stranger,” Tony teased, leaning his head up to capture Steve’s lips in a kiss. His eyes widened when Morgan started to tip forward, reaching for Tony and clambering off of her original perch on Steve’s shoulders. “Morgan,
it was, but he couldn’t find it in himself to look away. If he had, he probably never would have noticed the rods of green in Steve’s blue eyes. If he had, he never would have noticed how Steve swallowed when Tony’s gaze fell down to his lips.
Tony broke out in a hearty laugh, throwing out a hand to grab one of Steve’s arms. He doubled over, snickering into his other hand. “I love you, man.”
Steve threw him a grimace, grumbling, “It’s the damn sweater. I can’t take my mind off of how much it itches.”
Clint grunted, “Yeah, they’re getting slaughtered.” He adjusted Nate in his lap, squinting across the soccer field to where his daughter Lila went to update the manual scoreboard.
The only saving grace came by way of Steve attempting to grab Mjolnir. Watching the muscles of Steve’s exposed forearms flex as he strained against the hammer triggered something in Tony’s hindbrain, and all of his blood decided to dart south. Steve wasn’t able to move it, obviously, but Tony was more focused on the stirring inside his pants to care.
, Steve!” Tony ripped his arm away from his grasp, taking a step back. Steve took one look at him and saw the
“With everything,” Steve confessed, meeting Tony’s gaze with misty eyes. He wore a soft smile, folding Tony into his arms like he’d been waiting to do for over a year. Having the love of his life in his presence again was almost revitalizing; made him feel safe, like he was at home. Because that’s just what Tony was to Steve: home. A home that he hadn’t been back to in so long.
Steve was wide awake now. His hold on Tony tightened even further. “I’m so sorry. I didn’t even… You never told me.”
probably didn’t even know Tony loved holidays. It had been incredibly subtle the first couple of years, when he would nonchalantly leave presents for the team on Thanksgiving and Christmas, and even Valentine’s once. Steve realized the showering of gifts was really just how Tony showed his appreciation.
He had been hesitant about going out in public, usually opting to keep low profiles while he and the now-fugitive half of the Avengers moved from one country to the next. After a year of being on the run, however, Steve had discovered his own disguise – darker blond hair past his ears and a full beard that covered half of his face. Sam and Natasha mentioned he was unrecognizable save for his eyes; nothing a well-placed ball cap couldn’t fix.
Tony hooked his arm with Steve’s, leading him away from the small group of rabid senators to a secluded corner just outside of the frenzied ballroom. It was noticeably quieter there, and Steve all but sagged against the wall when he was finally able to.
Steve looked at him with such a pained expression that it nearly broke Tony’s heart. It was nearly audible, the small click that Steve’s teeth made when he clenched his jaw, which was then followed by a hesitant, “Whenever I fall, you catch me, right?”
Steve craned his neck to press his mouth against Tony’s once more before he could fully pull away. “I’m sorry for worrying you,” he muttered against his lips. His fingers brushed through Tony’s hair comfortingly – and for a moment, Tony forgot that
A/N: I was looking at actual past MoMA exhibits from 2012 just to put them in the story but came across
One corner of Steve’s mouth quirked up as he took in Tony’s attire, dark slacks and an embroidered long-sleeve. Sheepishly, he tugged the hat from his head, running a hand through his locks. “You don’t like it?”
. Steve instinctively licked his lips, tasting the faintest hint of whisky that Tony had left behind.
They must have come by right in the middle of the screening. The characters were in some sort of intervention, one of them reading off a very emotional letter to who he assumed was the man’s boyfriend.
“What? No, I’m not.” Tony grazed the corners of his mouth with the pad of his thumb, just in case. In response to the muted snicker beside him, he snapped under his breath, “Fuck you, Barton.”
Steve licked into his mouth, unafraid of being caught in their secret little corner. Tony’s mind went reeling at the taste of the peanut butter-topped dessert served earlier at dinner.
“FDR signed the Lend-Lease bill with these in 1941.” Tony opened the case and set it down on the conference table, revealing two fountain pens. “Provided support to the Allies when they needed it most.”
work for, lady!” Tony, Bruce, and Clint all held onto the brunet by the arm or back of his jacket, while Natasha kept to his front to shield the others from him.
Also, I should've been writing other things but this took on a life of its own! Also I love my boys, so I had to. If you want the list:
It was the way kindness always radiated from Steve, unaltered and pure. It was the way Steve had looked in the low light during their first date at the museum, when they had kissed each other in the darkness of the projector room. It was the way Steve had once regarded the Arc Reactor in Tony’s chest with so much care, as if it were the most precious thing in the world (and he used to adamantly say it was, and always will be, because it had kept Tony alive). It was the way Steve knew when to kiss the worried lines away from Tony’s face, to hug him tight against his chest when he needed it most. It was the way Steve would literally and figuratively run circles around Tony, his mind so whip-crack fast that he always kept up with every quip.
Steve let out a spluttering chuckle, caught slightly off-guard. “I didn’t think of that, but… would you be mad if I still said ‘yes’?”
“Yeah,” Tony agreed, moving to bite at Steve’s bottom lip. He twisted his fingers into Steve’s hair, licking past his teeth. “I have — an idea,” he said in between kisses, against Steve’s lips. “Let’s go be idiots in bed together.”
Steve continued: “Before I go on my soap box and tell you how much I love and look up to you, do you want to hear it, or do you want me to just hold you?”
Sam waved him off silently, still trying to catch his breath. After a moment, he finally asked, “Are you okay today, my guy?”
She rolled her eyes, ducking back behind her umbrella. “I’ll pay for dinner after the game. Don’t get your panties in a twist, Stark.”
Before Steve could decide whether or not he was going to throw his friend into a chokehold, Tony pulled him forward by the front of his shirt. He licked at the buttercream frosting on Steve’s cheek before dragging his tongue across the seam of his lips, drawing him into a kiss.
It was one thing to know his parents had been murdered, but it was something else entirely to see the event play out on his own. Tony’s vision blurred with tears as he watched the Winter Soldier on the crummy screen, the body of his father being dragged along the ground. Steve moved to stand beside him, almost anticipating something. He remembered Steve’s arms around him; whether it was to hold him back from attacking Barnes or to keep him from falling to his knees, Tony wasn’t sure.
Steve narrowed his eyes, taking it as a challenge. He was a master strategist, goddamn it, and he was going to use it to his advantage. His lips made quick work of Tony’s exposed neck, leaving open-mouthed kisses from his shoulder to just below his jaw. He sucked at the sensitive spot behind his ear, smiling to himself when Tony’s back arched and he leaned into the feeling.
A/N: This made me realize that I have a thing for Stony going to museums lmao. Anyway, they'd rendezvoused at the National Museum of Anthropology at Rizal Park in Manila, if you want to see some fun exhibits showcased online (
Steve thought that Tony tested the waters too much. Steve thought that Tony took too many risks. Steve
cries for the first time. He wasn’t sure if it was him or Pepper who started crying more, because his vision was blurred with tears until they began trailing down his face.
Tony seemed focused on the tablet propped on his knee, but Steve stole his attention when he shifted to hug his waist, humming contentedly as he pressed closer. Steve nudged the bridge of his nose against Tony’s jawline, leaving light butterfly kisses against his cheek and scruff with his eyelashes. “Hi,” Steve murmured sleepily, planting a quick kiss on Tony’s neck.
,” Tony complained. “I had all this stuff planned out for this morning too.” He sighed loudly, twisting around in Steve’s embrace. Tony pouted as he finished, “I was going to wake you up with the world’s best blowjob and serve breakfast in bed and—”
week of Steve’s life. He didn’t really know what to do with himself after Tony, the kid, and that wizard guy had been taken up on that…
Back on the field, one of the visiting team’s players came up behind Morgan and shoved her to the ground forcefully. Steve and Tony both shot up to their feet, watching to see if their daughter would roll to stand. She sat up in the dirt, patches of fresh mud staining her uniform after skidding, but after a shake of the head and a hand from one of her teammates, Morgan was back up and running down the field again.
second!?” he spat out angrily. Steve took in a shaky breath, feeling his resolve falter. His bottom lip started to quiver as the tears sprung to his eyes. “You almost died, and I wouldn’t have…” Voice wrought with emotion, he managed a weak, “I couldn’t protect you, just like I couldn’t protect Bucky.”
check the file attachment from the last email, I don’t think you meant to send me that. Forward me the Thesis portfolio by noon. Pls and thanks
“I wasn’t.” Tony’s eyes fell to Steve’s lips. “I wasn’t the first person you saw when it attached itself to you. Helen and Bruce, they were there first.” His eyes traveled further down Steve’s body, blatantly zeroing in on the prominent bulge in the front of his pants. Tony took that last step forward, leaning his head up to look Steve directly in the eyes and whispering, “But that’s not really why, is it?”
Warning for semi-Civil War discourse and ultra sad angst. This chapter's set post-TWS (early 2014) and pre-CW (early 2016).
“I didn’t?” Tony asked curtly, voice tight. He pressed his face flush against Steve’s chest, muffling his words into Steve’s soft t-shirt. “Doesn’t matter now, I’m… The scars have healed. Those doctors did a great job on—”
reflection — in the bathroom mirror did he think anything was wrong. After all, it wasn’t every day that Steve woke up
Steve’s first words to Tony were: “I… I thought you were in Germany,” and it took everything in him not to respond automatically with a biting reply. Heat coursed through his veins, and he wasn’t exactly sure what spurred it on.
in them. He couldn’t be bothered to feel embarrassed when he leaned into Steve’s touch, eyes falling closed when the blond curled his fingers just under Tony’s jaw and raised his head.
Tony’s body was moving before his mind caught up with him, his arms winding around Steve’s shoulders to hold him close. “Oh, sweetheart, no, no,” he reassured, “Jesus fuck, I’m such an asshole. Whatever I did that made you feel like you couldn’t come to me with this, I am so, so sorry.”
After a few more minutes, however, Steve finally caught a head of dark hair peeking above the corner divider, headed in his direction. Tony popped up in his periphery, wearing a light pink hoodie under his unbuttoned suit jacket and matching slacks. “Honey, I am
Steve sighed, reaching out for one of the pens. He stood silently, twisting it around in his fingers. Glancing at Tony who’s got his arms crossed, he offered, “I’m not saying it’s impossible, but there would have to be safeguards.”
“Proof that Tony Stark has a heart.” It was engraved on the little stand Pepper had gotten made for Tony years ago, which held the original Arc Reactor that he’d built in that godforsaken cave. Steve watched sullenly as it floated off into the lake, surrounded by a raft of flowers that his husband would’ve made jokes about hating but secretly loved.
Steve shrugged one shoulder, looking down at Morgan with a doting expression. “None at all. Out like a light.”
Stars danced behind Steve’s eyes. His breath escaped his lungs. He felt his dick thicken in Tony’s grasp, sense the jolt of pleasure up his spine when Tony’s fingers pressed firmly against an untouched spot inside of him.
There were tears glistening in Tony’s eyes as he looked at Steve. His voice was low when he asked, “How long have you known?”
Tony found Steve’s eyes, with irises so ocean-blue that he wanted to drown in them, and then leaned up to gently brush his lips to Steve’s forehead. “Thanks for letting me in.”
Tony didn’t hesitate; he all but fell into Steve’s embrace and tucked his head underneath Steve’s chin. “I’m sorry for waking you,” he muttered quietly, breath hot against Steve’s skin.
The first thing Tony did when he landed on the Helicarrier was strip away the Iron Man armor. It was like he couldn’t get out of the damn thing quick enough. He was hurting somewhere in his ribs and limped a bit as he walked through the corridors, but he shoved that to the back of his mind because it didn’t matter. What mattered was Steve. He had to find Steve.
Yes, sure, affirmative, right away.” Tony smirked, his eyebrows wagging on his forehead suggestively.
“Way ahead of you,” he replied, smiling. Steve left another peck on Tony’s lips before clapping Happy on the shoulder, stepping out into the rain again before entering the lobby of Avengers Tower.
Although they could only steal a few moments together during the day, they made the most of it when they
his chest. It wasn’t until he’d pulled on a discarded shirt that was three sizes too big and blinked back at his reflection —
He wasn’t sure what possessed him to stop the kiss, pushing against Steve’s shoulders, to ask seriously, “Do you want to do this?”
The touch was as fast as a blink. Tony had bumped his chest against Steve’s, leaning on the balls of his feet to get to his eye-level and nearly losing balance, but there was no mistaking the accidental brush of Tony’s lips against his own. There was a moment that passed between them, wide eyes flickering to each other’s lips, breaths stuck in their throats, then Tony was pressing their mouths together hard, beard scratching Steve’s skin.
Now in hindsight Tony couldn’t help but blame himself for not going after Steve and making sure everything was right, he couldn’t stop thinking of all of the opportunities he had to talk to his boyfriend about it and he didn’t, he couldn’t not get frustrated about his lack of communication abilities or his lack of communication attempts.
It was his hands tugging at his hair; his spicy clean cologne filling his lungs; his sinful mouth leaving harsh bruises against his neck that would heal too quickly; his skilled tongue pushing against his, mapping out every part of his mouth, tracing every pearly white tooth as if he was trying his damnedest to memorize them.
From the corner of his eye, Steve noticed Tony raise an arm above them. He tilted his chin up, following the slope of Tony’s limb and stopping at the bit of foliage hanging between his fingertips. A small smile started to paint itself across Steve’s lips.
Steve raised a questioning brow as he walked around the desk, leaning against the edge of it as Tony handed him an envelope. A look of confusion washed over Steve’s face as he stared down at the boarding passes. “Why are we going to London?”
Steve loved Tony, and he thought maybe keeping the fact that his best friend had been brainwashed to kill Howard and Maria was a kindness to him, sparing him in some way. When he and Tony got into a shouting match regarding that little piece of information, Steve began to wonder if maybe he was just sparing
Tony started to laugh. He reached up to cup Steve’s face, consciously avoiding the stitches and the darker bruise surrounding his eye. Leaning forward, Tony left small, feather-light kisses across his forehead, his brow, his cheeks, his chin, until he pressed a chaste kiss to the corner of Steve’s busted lip.
Steve stood from his seat beside Tony’s bed, checking his monitor for a moment before making his way to the window. The sights outside never ceased to take his breath away. SWORD’s large space station had the best view of the Earth.
Steve caught Natasha saying, “Hill and Fury are waiting for us in the conference room,” as she checked the tablet in her hand. She looked back as she added, “Banner, you and Stark are to head up to the lab immediately for a consult. Fill you in later.”
with a person.” Tony huffed, sounding a little offended. “What’s it to you anyway? You sound surprised that I’ve still got game.”
When Happy pulled up in front of Steve’s apartment complex in Brooklyn, Tony started saying his goodbyes. Feeling generously chivalrous, he leaned over Steve to reach for the door handle.
When he’d made it up the flight of stairs to the third floor, Steve felt immediately drawn to the first hallway with its walls painted red. There were short displays of what looked like thin cannons – swivel guns, he read when he stepped closer to the cards. The hairs on the back of Steve’s neck prickled when he sensed someone approach him, but one glance out of the corner of his eye made him relax.
Just kissed him, unprompted. A quick peck of the lips that still managed to steal his breath away somehow. Tony’s cheeks burned as he stuttered, “That wasn’t… I-I, um, well… I was reaching for the… d-door…”
Tony leaned his full weight against the door, resting both hands on top of the door, avoiding the running street water at his feet. He tried not to look down at Steve’s perky nipples, straining against his dry-fit shirt. “You went around to Bryant?”
“Yeah, just to let off some steam,” Steve agreed, head falling back into his pillows when Tony began to trail wet kisses down the column of his throat. He pulled his lip between his teeth when Tony’s left hand stroked his half-hard cock, his breath hitching slightly when Tony pressed a slicked-up finger into his hole.
Tony opened his mouth to call after him. Something was wrong, he felt it in the pit of his stomach. Sighing, he pulled out his cellphone to check his notifications. His brain had processed the words on the screen for all of two seconds before Tony was moving again, making a beeline to the staircase that Steve had gone down.
Steve knew in his mind that it was a joke, of course it was, but Tony’s words hit him straight in the heart. It brought him back down to earth, back to the reality that yes, actually, their being together was bad news now that he was a wanted fugitive. Their being together could land them both in jail.
They didn’t sleep in the same bed that night. Or the next. It wasn’t until the third night when Tony asked Steve if he was coming to bed that they’d even been within the same space.
, Steve. I’ve been around this shit longer than you to know that firsthand.” Tony shook his head again, a sour expression on his face. He pleaded, “I give an inch and Ross takes a mile. I’m trying here.”
“It took me a while to…” Steve felt tears prick his own eyes as he looked at Tony, at the way his shoulders were squared, at the way the pain was clear in his eyes. Letting go of a shuddering breath, he revealed, “A year. Less.”
Tony pressed his mouth into a thin line in a failed attempt to hide his amused grin, leaning against the doorframe. He met his husband’s gaze when Steve turned back to look at him; there was a mix of both exasperation and mischief in the blue eyes he so adored. “Tell them about how we met,” he propositioned, stepping into the kids’ bedroom and settling down at the foot of Peter’s bed.
And now he was paying for it, cause he couldn’t find Steve, he had disappeared. Sure, JARVIS telling him that Steve had in fact hid,
Their smiles were so broad that their kiss became more teeth than lip. But then Tony swiped his tongue across the seam of Steve’s lips, lifting his hands to card through Steve’s hair just how he liked. Their tongues brushed against one another as their kisses deepened significantly. Neither Steve nor Tony seemed to mind the obnoxious wolf whistles and cheers coming from their teammates.
The sound of someone clearing their throat from the far end of the barn caused the two of them to jump apart. Steve instinctively stepped in front of Tony, reaching his arm back to cover his boyfriend. The tension in Steve’s shoulders didn’t go away until Nick Fury stepped out from the shadows.
“Hmm, unfortunately not,” Steve replied, moving to press his lips against Tony’s. “But I think I’m happy with just being worthy of
“Please do. It’ll give me a better reason for throwing four and a half million dollars on a drawing of
They’d lost some people, allies from the Wakandans and SHIELD agents, but in the end they won. Even then, it didn’t feel like it because Tony wasn’t with them. Tony was gone, somewhere off in space, and Steve couldn’t do a fucking
on it. I got Pepper, I got the President, and the shitheads in charge are either dead or in prison.” Tony’s brows furrowed together in frustration. “I’m Iron Man, for fuck’s sake. I don’t always need your spangly ass saving my –”
“Thanks. Miss Jean didn’t believe me when I said my dads were superheroes. But Ned says it’s because she’s an old fart.”
Strong arms wrapped around his torso, and Tony felt Steve’s shoulders go lax as he slumped forward, pressing his face against Tony’s neck. Steve’s breath was hot against his skin as he spoke, “I just didn’t want to put you in the position—”
Tony pressed his forehead to Steve’s, tilting forward to rub their noses together. “I love you,” he breathed contentedly, punctuating his words with a soft kiss. “I love you so much.”
Tony, in the moment, sympathized with him. He probably would’ve also been praying for the earth to open up and swallow him whole if he were in Steve’s position. It wasn’t every day that your best friend of four hundred years discovered one of the many love letters that you wrote and never gave to them.
Morgan shifted in Tony’s arms, yawning wide, and Steve knew from that moment on that she already had him wrapped around her finger.
Steve knew that he couldn’t get drunk off of anything, but Tony Stark was apparently a particular brand that could do it for him. And on God, Steve would willingly drown in him if he were able to.
Tony’s head was tucked under Steve’s chin, the bodies pressed close together as they slowly swayed back and forth. The music had long changed into something more upbeat, a slow pop song from what Steve could understand, but the newlyweds didn’t care in the slightest. They reveled in each other’s warmth; their eyes closed against the world around them. In Steve and Tony’s little bubble, there was no one besides the two of them. Two men who found each other, two men who cultivated their own happiness, two men who had flaws but loved each other
Conversation had already sparked back up from Tony’s initial intrusion as Steve leaned in, voice low as he said, “Stop it, settle down, and eat your food.”
I  simultaneously love and hate this chapter. I feel like it begins terribly and ends OK. As always thanks for reading and please let me know what you liked!!!
Feeling the tug of happiness in Steve brought a surge of happiness within Tony as well. As he leaned down to lay his head on Steve’s chest, he could feel the surge of protective love envelope Steve’s mind as he wrapped Tony is his arms before succumbing to sleep again. Tony just smiled before letting sleep wrap around him again as well.
Tony looked over his shoulder giving Steve a flirty smile. “Well that’s not the only body part I love. I’m also a big fan of…” Tony paused watching Steve’s face become flushed before he finished saying, “your cute little button nose.”
Steve watched Tony and Bucky from his place against the headboard, only breaking away from the sight to verify that he had in fact become hard again at the sight. It should have taken a little longer but fuck if the picture in front of him wasn’t the best he’d ever seen. He began to stroke his dick watching his boyfriends together. He’d never seen Tony so submissive in bed before, never seen Bucky so possessively dominant. He had misgivings about Tony not only taking all of the monster Bucky had between his legs but also him not holding back. The only reason he didn’t stop them was because he knew he’d be there to watch and make sure it wasn’t too much for Tony to handle.
Bucky shrugged again saying, “It’s no problem. You’re ok with it right Tony, this doesn’t scare you?” Tony shook his head no as Bucky saw him run his tongue over his lips. Reaching for his hand out for Tony’s, Bucky began stroking his hardness with the other. “Here why don’t you touch it, it should make you feel better about having it close to you.”
Looking up to Steve’s eyes Bucky shook his head as he laced their fingers together. “No, go don’t feeling bad about not being able to read my mind. I should have told you a long time ago but didn’t see any point when there’s nothing you can do about it.” He couldn’t help the small smile that lifted on his lips with his next words. “With Tony, I can relax. Not only do I not have to worry about hurting him, but he actually really likes it. For the first time, he made me like it to.”
This is what Tony had been dreading, the answer to the question Steve was asking without coming right out and saying it. So he told Steve the only truth he could and not hurt him. “What can I say, I loved having you there watching me.”
Bucky made his way over, bringing a hand to grip Tony’s neck as he tipped Tony’s head back harshly. Giving him a devilish smirk he said, “You’re mine baby, if you think for one second I’d stop fucking you for anything then you’re completely wrong.” Bucky leaned forward to claim Tony’s mouth; not breaking the kiss to Tony was writhing and moaning in his arms. “The only reason I agreed to that, is because I know how much it turns you on to fuck me behind Stevie’s back.” He gave Tony a smile and pecked his lips again. “Now, we get to do it all the time, even while we’re still in a relationship together.”
A tremor of arousal creeped it’s way through him as Tony’s eyes grew hooded. His face flushed slightly with heat as he stammered in a low voice, “You can’t… You’re Captain America for fucks sake… You don’t… You don’t do shit like that.”
When Tony shook his head answering no to Steve’s question, Steve’s expression became more concentrated as he tried to rotate his hips and figure out what to do. Bucky smirked as he walked in, having received his queue to enter to enter stage left and begin the second part of this act. He really wondered how naïve could Steve get, as he smiled devilishly greeting the pair. Stopping to stand above them Bucky was humming with anticipation, he was about to test exactly how far he could push Steve to get what he wanted. “Hey you two, see you’re practicing those moves I showed you yesterday Steve.”  Bucky hand went to grip Tony behind his neck as he asked, “Is it working for you sweetheart? Is Steve able to get you to release like I did?”
What Bucky had not planned on, is how much he would like having Tony wrapped around his dick. As soon as he slid inside Tony’s body it gripped Bucky as if it were made for him. Two more thrusts after the first, Bucky knew there was no way he could only keep this for one night. At first his words had been for Tony’s benefit, but halfway through Bucky began needing to leave no doubt everything he said was true. He made sure that no one had ever or would ever take Tony apart like him.
Steve spoke around a smile but didn’t open his eyes. Tony leaned over to kiss his lips, an echoing smile in place. “You say that like its incentive for me to stop.”
The Dom in front of him licked his lips giving Tony a sexy smirk. “I can give you any ride you need baby.”
So Tony stayed not saying a word about what he was feeling. He was fine… No really he was, Tony Stark never believed in fairy tale romances and was happy when Steve was around. This was probably the best he could ask for.
“I just had… The thought of, uh, you two…” Steve paused looking even more embarrassed but now turned on as well. Tony was sure if he could have gotten it up again Steve would be full mast right now. “You two could finish together if you wanted.”
As Tony lay in bed drifting off and felt the Bucky’s cum dripping down his thighs, he smiled and shivered, loving the feeling of Bucky marking him so thoroughly.
Steve surprised him when he didn’t get angry, keeping the same stoic expression on his face. Most other Dom’s would have been blotchy and red faced, seething angrily at him for the disrespect. But not Steve, he was completely calm, if anything his eyes sparkled with laughter he didn’t emit. “You’re right Tony, we’re not on the battlefield, and I’m not your Dom. If I was, you wouldn’t have missed one meal before I turned over my knee. None of that changes the fact that you
Bucky’s smiled turned completely evil, he’d told Steve to wait a few days before speaking with Tony because he wanted a little more time fucking Tony behind his back. It made him come harder than he ever had watching Tony come apart as Steve watched none the wiser. Bucky wanted to test the limits of what he could get away with before he put this game board on the shelf and pulled down the new one.
“Never said you were my sub.” Instead of the fight he wanted all Tony got back was a shrug. “I’m here because I want to be and don’t have anywhere else I need to be other than right here. What you should be asking yourself, is why you still haven’t asked me to leave. You and I both know I’d respect your wishes.” Steve then picked back up his pencil and lowered his eyes back to his work, effectively giving Tony a dismissal without a word.
Staring down at Tony, Bucky raked a hand through Tony’s hair before gripping it to, jerking back his head. Tony’s mouth parted as he gasped, shiver rolling down his spine with the action. Bucky growled to him, “Take me out… Now, Baby.” Tony reached shaky hands up to undo Bucky’s belt and open his jeans. He took wrapped a hand around Bucky’s shaft to free it from its confines. Tony squeezed the large appendage in his hand to keep from moving as his gaze returned back to Bucky awaiting further instructions. Though he wanted to dive in, Tony knew how much it turned Bucky on having Tony under his control and following his orders.
Bucky might have paused at Steve saying, “Bucky, Can you… Just stop for… Wait a sec,” if he hadn’t also heard Steve stroking his dick hard and fast.
Tony realized what he meant as Bucky’s hips began trying to work his dick a little deeper into Steve. After a few moments Steve whimpered in pain for Bucky to stop even though he hadn’t gotten much further. Rolling his hips back, Steve began to moan again in pleasure instead. “Maybe we can try… Uh, fuck Bucky yes… A little each time we’re together.”
Steve moved from between his two lovers to the end of the bed, wanting to give them a feeling a being alone without actually leaving the room. He watched as Bucky stroked the huge length between his legs as he gave Tony an arrogant look asking, “You sure can handle this Stark?”
Tony chuckled as he responded back, “It would be even better if your other boyfriend would stop trying to imprison me to this bed.” When Steve gave a questioning look back to him, Tony pointed at the metal arm causing his current problem. “A little help here.”
Bucky’s eyes darkened at Tony, arousal at his words reflecting through. Anytime Tony did something to make Bucky happy, the soldier would reward him in some way. Having confessed this morning to the soldier about loving Bucky’s manhandling, Tony knew his prize was Bucky’s arms gripping beneath his thighs to lift him. Still kneeling on the sofa near its arm, Bucky held Tony’s thighs hostage against his own chest while lower legs dangled free over Bucky’s forearms. Movement inside him renewed, Bucky’s hand gripped his cock again to stroke him. Truly whining in distress now at the inferno inside him moments away from exploding, Tony told Steve, “Please come rescue me from him, Bucky won’t stop shoving things down my throat. He’s always trying to fill me up until I’m stuffed and can’t take anymore.”
Tony was Tony, so of course Steve telling him he could make all the noise he wanted meant he did everything he could not to. This plan failed, miserably, but he still gave it his all. If Steve’s plan was to drive Tony completely insane, it was working…
with all his pranks and annoyingly funny shenanigan’s. Tony’s slaps to the back of the head from Nat and Bruce were usually because the archer had roped Tony into trying one stupid thing or another.
Bucky chuckled saying, “I doubt you could anyway. You know the way Tony goes at things, trying to swallow the entire package at once. Have to say though he’s great at it. Never met anyone who could gulp down half of what he does.” Tony’s body heated with the praise as he propelled faster, nose touching down to Bucky’s groin before coming back to the top.
Bucky’s question heightened his pleasure to the point he stammered all over his words. “I, Um, no… We don’t, uh, go… God yeah, right there… He doesn’t, uh, go hard… Ahhh keep going, Umm, like you come… Wanted to, shit... fuck, don’t stop… Uhh, knew you’d, God yes, Uhhh… want to see… fuck, yes Bucky, right there… had to use… Hmmm, my best, uh, moves to Umm… To take you down.”
“Bucky, maybe you should take it easy.” Steve interrupted from where he lay beside them. “I can’t even take all of you…”
skeptical, I trusted your judgment. I swear, Steve better be worked up enough to fuck me in the elevator when we get back here after I put in,” Tony gestured his hands up and down his body, “All this hard work to do what you said. I will be very upset if I only get Clint’s laughter tonight instead of Steve’s dick.”
Bucky smiled as his hand moved to rake across the side of Steve’s face. “Once I was able to think about what happened without feeling guilty, I started to question the things I should have in the first place.” He rose up on his elbow to fully gaze down on Steve’s face. “The Steve Rogers I know and love is a fighter. He’d never sit back and let something happen he didn’t want to. Would never watch while the men he loved completely disregarded everything he asked for. Let it happen not once, not twice, but three times as he sat and did nothing, unless what was happening was something he wanted to. After that realization, everything else fell into place. I just had to ask myself what would make my Stevie like what he was seeing but too afraid to tell us. But I think the better question would be why would Steve feel like he couldn’t tell the people he loved what was going on in his head?”
Tony retreated with a small wave goodbye, smirking at Steve when he said, “Don’t stare too hard at my ass as I leave.”
Tony whimpered at the agonizingly slow and brutal movements sending spikes of pleasure through his body. “Please Bucky, Hmmm … faster please baby… Ahh God, need it.”
He found Steve lost in thought as he sketched on the living room sofa. He only noticed Bucky had entered when he felt the cushion beside him dip slightly, causing him to look up. Giving Steve an expression dripping in guilt, he pulled the blonde into his lap as he held the other man tightly to him. “I’m sorry Steve, I love you so much baby. I… I just lost control, didn’t mean for any of that to happen. I must have lost my fucking my baby, I… I...”
He wanted to know how to put the glassy eyed look in Tony’s eyes, Steve wasn’t even sure he was completely aware of his surroundings anymore. Tony looked so lost in what he was feeling, he also looked as if he was free, or for a better word at completely peace for the first time. He was so far gone he had let Bucky come in his mouth even though he’d told Steve he didn’t like the taste of cum. Tony had even licked a drop off the head of Bucky’s cock when he pulled his off, closing his eyes as he moaned, looking as if it was the best thing he’d ever tasted.
“Tony, Oh my god, what’s wrong… Tony, are you okay? Do we need to stop?” Steve asked sounding panicked above him.
Bucky continued his gradual glide out and jerking thrust back in, “Yeah, gonna fuck you so good now baby. Gonna make you scream so loud Stevie’ll think you’re dying.”
Bucky loosened the grip on his throat while stopping the hand rubbing Tony’s hardness as well. Even though the thickness pounding into him never ceased its movements, Tony was only able to respond somewhat to the question. “Yeah… Sounds good.”
Nat sighed laying a hand on his shoulder as she smiled knowingly at him. “If you’d have just worn the shirt like I said, then yeah you’d probably be ok,” She chuckled, eyes going up and down his body through attached to an unbelieving gaze, “But not dressed like this… You’re not going anywhere tonight.”
Laughing arrogantly, Bucky knew Steve would be distracted as he said, “Fuck Stevie, every time I split Tony open around my dick feels like the first time. Know you dick is half my size if he’s so tight around me, fucking choking my cock inside him.” Lifting Tony’s shirt to bring his abs into view Bucky felt him began to shudder. Tony was rippling inside and out as his cock grew dark red showing how close it was to erupting. “Look at that Tony,” Tony eyes were hooded and blown wide as he looked down to where Bucky’s hand settled at his abdomen, right below where his cock could be seen poking through the skin there. “I’m fucking my cock so far deep into him Stevie, fuck hmm… You can see me banging into his stomach.”
. That would make them look weak. So the sun-amplifying mirrors that could blind incoming raiders and the quick-reload crossbows Tony had designed remained dusty prototypes in the workshop everyone politely pretended Tony didn’t have, and when the Captain’s raiders came calling, it was Tony’s ass, not his brain, that would save the day. Truly, such an honor.
“That’s so we don’t break them when we do this.” Steve stepped up into Stark’s space, waited until Stark’s eyes dropped to his mouth, and then reached out a finger and tapped him on the nose. “Tag, you’re it.”
He settled back against the side of the tub, pulled Barton into his chest, and started to dampen his hair with handfuls of warm water. Barton tipped his head back and went lax, floating up out of Steve’s lap a little as the water level rose. Romanoff dipped her head below the water and emerged running her fingers through her hair, jamming against knots at the ends.
“Mind if I join?” Steve asked diffidently. He didn’t want to intrude on what was clearly more than a working relationship, but the need to do
“And the end tables being sent to time-out?” Stark asked, waving at the furniture in the corners of the room.
Tony shuddered and ducked his head into Steve’s shoulder, hiding his face as he came. It took him a moment to collect himself; Steve tucked his head in close with a hand over his neck when he twitched like was about to pull away.
Stark wiggled irritably against Steve’s solid hold in search of weak points. When Steve licked the tip of Stark’s nose, Stark hissed at him like an affronted goose. Steve did it again, which earned him a truly indignant huff, and then Stark was rearing up under him, using the leverage of his thighs and hips against Steve’s greater weight. This time Steve let it knock him back to a crouch. Stark was a surprisingly good fighter, sneaky and determined and quicker than he had any right to be. He moved like someone who’d always been smaller than the men he was fighting. Steve knew exactly what that looked like, what that
“Sorry,” Tony mumbled. God, he was a mess. Yelling at his--whatever Steve was, liege lord, alpha, owner,
“Shit, I guess I am,” the archer agreed, an easy grin on his face. “I’m Clint, and you know what, you’re going to do just fine around here.”
Clint was already pretty worked up, his legs kicking a little in the water every time Steve stroked along his dick with the flat of his tongue. The water cut off Steve’s air more thoroughly than Clint could, so there was no reason not to go as deep as possible, drawing Clint down into his throat. Not the most subtle suck job he’d ever given, but he was working on a deadline. His lungs were just beginning to burn when Clint’s legs went rigid and his cock jerked in Steve’s mouth.
“Okay. Not being scared. I can work on that.” Tony eyed Steve. “It would be easier if you weren’t so, y’know, giant and muscley. Just a thought. I guess there’s not much either of us can do about that. You could--lie down, maybe?” Tony made a tentative hand motion, holding a hand up straight, then tilting it to the side, leaning to the side himself to demonstrate.
rather than his, but nobody had asked him. The people making decisions about his life didn’t ask him much of anything, and hadn’t for a long time now. It didn’t matter that there were designs mouldering in his unused workshop that, if he’d been given a chance to put them into production, would have allowed them to burn half the ships at a distance before they ever reached the shore. It didn’t matter that the city’s walls could have been built twice as strong if Tony’s improved mortar mixture had been used when they did repairs over the last five summers. None of that would save the city now, so it was irrelevant. Tony would do whatever it took to keep his people safe.
It was a tactic Steve would be wise to follow himself. He focused his attention on Thor, on the glide of Thor’s cock inside him and the buzzing each stroke sent up his spine. Neither of them tried to hold back, letting their bodies rock together faster as they climbed closer to the peak. Steve came first, quietly, mindful of his teammates sleeping only a few feet away. They all deserved rest. Rest, and respite, and whatever pleasure Steve could bring them.
He glanced again at his new teammates. Romanoff nodded at him, Barton waiting for her response before giving his own nod. They’d probably done this before; SHIELD had plenty of omega field agents. No problems there. Stark and Banner were alphas, who could be touchy about this sort of thing, and they were the most likely to have objections on personal grounds--Stark because of their disaster of a first meeting, Banner because he had so clearly wanted to avoid getting involved in any of this, until he came back at the last minute.
She set her hand onto his shoulder and raised an eyebrow. When he nodded permission, she dragged her nails down to his hip, hard enough to leave raised red lines. The marks wouldn’t last long, but for now Steve could feel the tingling sting spreading heat down his chest, could watch Natasha’s eyes go dark and pleased as she watched the welts rise.
“So you’d like biscuits?” Steve said, not rocking back an inch when Tony elbowed him half-heartedly. “You should eat something. It’s going to be a busy morning.”
too much clothing. The laces at the front of his pants gave way under Steve’s insistent tugging, and Thor obligingly lifted his hips so Steve could push the material--not quite fabric, not quite leather, and Steve would be interested to look at it in more detail some time when a fresh wave of heat wasn’t urging him onwards--down past his hips.
Steve draped the discarded vest over the edge of his shield and Tony choked back a sudden swell of anxiety at the thought that he might keep going, tunic up and pants down until he was ready to--
Romanoff shook her head, but passed Steve the shampoo bottle after squirting a generous amount into her own palm. “He could use a hand,” she said, nodding at Barton.
Jarvis would be safe if Tony did this. He would be safe, and so would Happy and the other household servants that had been the only real family Tony had growing up, and so would Pepper and Rhodey, once they returned to the city. They were both on a diplomatic visit to southern trading partners, but when they came back they would find their home waiting for them, not a blasted, picked-over ruin. Tony focused on that thought and used it to give Jarvis a genuine smile. Jarvis returned it as best as he could, smoothing a hand over Tony’s hair.
have muscles. Plus I might get to touch you at some point, so it’s different, and where on earth is your body hair? Don’t you get cold?”
Granted, his expectations were so low they were practically subterranean, but Tony would take any silver lining he could find.
“Very efficient.” Romanoff slid into the water with a sigh. She tapped a few of the buttons near the tap and the water developed a slight current, fresh water flowing in as old water drained out. Steve approved. He’d only been aiming for less dirty, but if they could actually get
“Tony,” Steve said, the name softened by his accent, followed by a sentence Tony couldn’t understand, and he was
“Probably a difference in hormonal build-up based on the duration of the fight, or the length of intervals between heats, or--what am I saying, it’s no use theorizing
.” Tony sat up abruptly, going hot all over with embarrassment and something else that burned in an entirely different way. He’d thought he’d been wet before, but it was nothing compared to the melting warmth he could feel now, enough slick leaking out to make the tops of his thighs slippery. “That is
The hand on his back slid up to grip his neck. Tony closed his eyes at the wash of honey-slow warmth that followed the drag of Steve’s palm along his spine and the pressure of Steve’s fingers at his nape.
Tony opened his mouth, shut it with a snap, and dismissed the graph by closing his hand. “I mean,” he said, carefully casual in a way Steve could now recognize as covering uncertainty. “If the opportunity presents itself, I wouldn’t be opposed.”
It gave Tony a sick little thrill to snark at Stane now, when he was protected from the casual backhand the words might have gotten him in other circumstances, but only because bruising him would be an insult to the Captain.
Steve bucked his hips up again, fucking into his fist as his thighs flexed and stretched, and Tony groaned as his toes started to tingle in sympathy. “
“Master Stark is ready for your lord’s attendance,” Jarvis said, his voice perfectly even. He was standing in front of Tony, guarding whatever modesty Tony had managed to preserve while kneeling naked and bound in a barbarian’s tent. Bless him for trying.
“The blanket’s going to have a hell of a wet spot.” Tony opened his eyes and blinked at Steve, who had one hand cupped around the base of his softening cock. He looked a little worried. “Not that I’m complaining. That was good, that was great, that was--not what I was expecting.”
Steve approached him slowly. Tony did his best to keep his eyes on Steve’s face, since he hadn’t been reprimanded for it yet and Steve kept looking right back at him. It was strangely intimate to hold eye contact for so long. Steve barely blinked, all of his concentration on Tony. Tony swallowed with the effort not to look away. Steve’s steps were silent on the thick rug lining the bottom of the tent, and Tony could hear his own breathing quicken once Steve was in arm’s reach.
like Tony had spent hours teasing both of them with his fumbling explorations, and now that he actually had a hand on himself, he was having trouble holding back. “I’m serious, Ty rubbed his wrists all over my neck every time we danced and it mostly just gave me a headache. This is way better. Can you--yeah, do that again, like that.”
Steve hummed, pretending to consider. “Your terms are acceptable. Your breakfast, my breakfast, and then we reclaim your birthright.”
, exactly. It just hadn’t been at the top of his mind. An alien invasion was the kind of thing that took priority, and then he’d immediately gone from battle to coordinating between SHIELD and the other first responders until Agent Hill had forcibly shoved them all into a van and told them to get at least twenty-four hours of rest before they even
Steve hadn’t really known what to believe when he’d gotten the SHIELD briefing on Thor, but he no longer doubted that Thor was past old and into
“I can do it,” Barton muttered, but exhaustion was clear in every line of his limp body, and he didn’t protest Steve running shampoo-slick fingers over his head. He rinsed it out carefully, using one hand to direct the water and another to shield Barton’s face, until all the suds were gone.
He dropped the flap behind him and stood there in silence, expression unreadable as he looked straight at Tony. The force of his gaze was even stronger now, the uncanny blue of his eyes the darkest thing in his pale face, but Tony was braced for it this time and didn’t let his lungs empty. The Captain seemed
Tony ran out of breath as Steve worked his way up the ropes encasing his legs calf to thigh. His movements were even slower and more careful once he was pulling the knots away from the sensitive skin of Tony’s inner thighs, but the delicacy of the movements didn’t stop Tony from feeling every brush of Steve’s fingertips and tug against the rope rippling through his whole body, heat and pressure building with every new touch.
“Tony?” Steve said. Tony blinked and looked up at him. He’d gone still in the middle of the floor, looking uncertain.
“So, no more ropes,” Tony said, because he’d long since lost control over his mouth. “I guess we’re onto act two. Jesus, I hope you know what you’re doing. They say omegas are a lot rarer in the north, but surely we’re not the first city to try this particular kind of bribe. Do you have a harem? Am I going to have to make nice with your harem? I guess that wouldn’t be too different from managing relationships when you’re keeping a household, I’ve had the training for that, I could oh
), physically smaller, and hadn’t spent the last decade getting really good at killing people. Looming or not, Tony was hardly a threat.
“I’ve heard different tales about him in the servant halls.” Jarvis moved behind Tony and waited until Tony crossed his wrists together behind his back to start winding the ropes over his shoulders and down his forearms. “They say when the Captain sacks a city, he holds his warriors back for three days and nights and sets them to guarding the roads out. During that time, civilians are free to leave the city with whatever they can carry, and the Captain’s people only take tribute from those with something to spare.”
“This is a Stark thing, right?” Steve asked, propping Barton on the edge of the bathtub. He found the catches on Barton’s uniform and started stripping him out of his clothes. Romanoff was undressing briskly by the doorway, unzipping her one-piece leather suit and hanging it on a towel rack. “Not everybody has bathtubs sized for a baseball team?”
He had expected a counter-attack, but the man only laughed and caught Steve’s arm with a strong hand around his wrist, stopping him from applying any more pressure. “Is this what you call a friendly greeting? I thought I was invited!”
just enough to make his point. Stane’s eyes narrowed. He wasn’t stupid, unfortunately--stupidity would have been easier to forgive--but he couldn’t do anything more forceful than glare to show his displeasure, not when he needed Tony to be as pristine as possible. It wouldn’t do to offer the Captain damaged goods.
Steve relaxed back onto the pillows, his hands folded behind his head. “You can just come on me, if you want. Doesn’t have to be any more complicated than that.”
“Okay,” Clint said, clapping his hands together. “Couples language lessons start just as soon as we’ve cast off. You ready?”
“And you failed. I’ll always stop you. I promise,” she said, and some of the tension in Barton’s face eased. When Romanoff nodded at Steve, he moved closer. “We’ll discuss it later. For now, just relax.” Her forearm twisted and Barton’s breath caught as his back arched.
Bruce nodded slowly, eyes a little abstracted as he sorted through whatever evidence he’d just collected. “I’d like very much like to kiss you, if that’s okay.”
Bruce blinked at him, his flush darkening. He looked down at his own cock, curled a hand around the base, and said, almost apologetically, “I think I do want that.”
He’d learn a lot from this night about how the Captain intended to treat him, at least. When he cut the ropes off, would he be careful, or would he not mind if his new trophy acquired a few scratches? Maybe he wouldn’t even bother to take the ropes off before he fucked him. There was nothing blocking access to Tony’s entrance, it would be easy enough to roll him onto his chest and knees and just plunge in.
“I will take him back to Asgard, where he will face justice for his crimes.” Thor gave the Avengers an embarrassed
. Tony had heard nearly as many gruesome tales about the Winter Soldier, the Captain’s right hand man, as he had about the Captain himself. The Winter Soldier had carried out a lot of the rumored beheadings. Tony had been skeptical about that--beheading wasn’t exactly easy, and managing it with one arm would be even harder--but now, looking at the hard, muscled body in front of him and the axe strapped to the man’s back within easy reach of his remaining arm, his doubts were fading.
, we need a larger data set. JARVIS, give me a--thank you,” he said, as a blue screen appeared in the air. Steve watched with interest as Tony started plotting something on a three-dimensional graph. “This usually happens in field conditions, right? Rapid onset? I’ll need to build a recorder and pheromone sampler. A really
“Holy shit, were you down there this whole time?” Stark was standing in the doorway, Banner hovering behind him. “Because if so, I need to write a thank you letter to genetic engineering.”
“Oh, shit,” Stark said. Steve had expected him to back away, but he stepped forward instead, his eyes alight with interest as his nostrils flared. “Really? After one fight?”
“Fantastic,” Steve said drunkenly, while Tony rocked deep inside him, every stroke perfectly angled, Tony’s shoulders rigid from the strain of going at the pace Steve liked best, “oh, Tony, this is fantastic, you’re so
Tony turned to look at Steve. His face was calm, his hands steady on Tony’s hips; only the metallic tang of anticipation in his scent revealed how much he’d been looking forward to this day. The peace settlement had forbade him from attacking for three years, and the Captain always honored his word, but he’d never intended to leave Stane in power forever, not once he’d confirmed that Stane had knowingly sold weapons to Hydra. The details Tony had eventually confided about what his life had been like under Stane’s rule had only made the inevitable battle more personal.
They both climbed in, Stark hissing when the hot water hit his many scabs. Steve didn’t even have to scoot back to make room. That didn’t stop Stark from edging into his space anyway, splashing him just enough to be deliberately obnoxious without being an outright provocation. Steve didn’t rise to the bait, just let Stark work himself up while he and Banner got clean. There would be plenty of time for them to roughhouse later, and Banner was wedged into the far corner of the tub, flinching away from the sprays of water. The tub was big, but it wasn’t a swimming pool.
The alpha noticed Tony’s alarm and put both hands up palm-out. The Winter Soldier said something that ended in a questioning tone, and looked at Jarvis.
Steve caught his wrist. Tony’s ears roared with a surge of adrenaline as he froze, instinctively bracing for a slap. He’d pushed too far, he
“Good night, Steve,” Tony amended. After a few moments, he heard the blankets behind him rustle as Steve settled into them. He relaxed and let himself breathe out. Steve didn’t move away or try to touch him, and the steady sound of his breathing let Tony know exactly where he was. Tony let his eyes slip shut.
true about the Captain, apparently, was that he gave the cities he targeted a chance to negotiate before it came down to open warfare. The peace summit had been successful. Stane had bribed the Captain to pass over their city for the next three years, and Tony was part of the bribe. Not just part of it: the centerpiece. The tent around him was full of chests and sacks that held more material wealth, jewels and silks and ingots of silver, but Tony was the one kneeling in the center of the rug trussed up like a prize pheasant.
Steve blinked at him, then stretched both his arms above his head, rolling onto his back like a cat. His tunic rode up around his ribcage, and Tony had a brief, probably-suicidal urge to rub his belly and see what happened, which receded quickly once he actually looked at Steve’s belly and--lower regions. “Okay, I guess it is working for you. Wow,” Tony said, staring down at the bulge tenting Steve’s pants. “Um. Well, that’s. Intimidatingly large. I hope you wear a codpiece when you’re fighting, because seriously, that’s kind of a big target there.”
Banner clearly hadn’t done this before either. Steve tried not to smile, not wanting it to seem like he was laughing at him, although some of his amusement probably showed. “You won’t.”
When Steve lifted his head, Romanoff was watching them, the rest of the room empty. The absence of half his team sparked a small, lost ache in his chest that he ruthlessly quelled. Stark and Banner, at least, were coming right back. And he still had two teammates in front of him, both of them tired and dirty and in need of attention.
Tony had to shut his eyes while he came. Watching Steve watch him was too much, unbearably intimate, while he was so exposed. His breath came in harsh pants that he couldn’t seem to slow, and every stroke of his hand made his inner passage throb and clench around nothing. The smell of Steve’s completion filled the air and left his senses swimming. Even when his hand slowed to a stop, he kept his eyes closed, trying to regain his equilibrium. He was startlingly close to tears again, of relief or gratitude or who knew what, but he refused to let them fall. Starks were made of iron.
“Okay,” he said quickly, pushing the tent flap back and squinting into the daylight. “That takes care of clothes for today, at least. Eventually you’re going to need your cloak back, though, so at some point I should get some real clothes of my own.”
Steve paused, then repeated the motion. Tony made an embarrassing noise and squirmed, which just rubbed his back against Steve’s muscular thigh. How was Steve so
“Tony,” Steve said, to get his attention, and then put his hand under his angled head and closed his eyes, miming sleep.
Once everyone was washed up and Clint really did almost fall asleep, Steve climbed out of the tub and headed for the master bedroom, ignoring the questions Stark yelled after him. The mattress on the bed was sized for a whole pack, Steve was pleased to see, and there was plenty of floor space in the room. He dragged the mattress off the frame and pushed all the furniture clear to the sides of the room.
After a moment of deliberation, Steve slid a hand down to frame Tony’s belly, his broad fingers spanning the soft skin under Tony’s navel. His other hand moved to cradle the back of Tony’s skull, and then they were kissing.
The two men conferred, then the Winter Soldier stepped out of sight. The alpha stayed at the tent’s entrance, not coming inside, and he kept his eyes on Tony’s face, not dipping down to look at any of the skin revealed below his neck. He put a hand on his own chest. “Sam.” He dropped his hand and looked at Tony. “Stark.” He looked at Jarvis and waited.
“I’m good,” he said, shaking off the memories. “It’s cold in here, so I won’t say no to blankets and sheets, but if you expect me to drop off to sleep when I’m this worked up, you’re going to be waiting until dawn, I hope you realize.”
“I wonder if you asked for this, or if Ob--if it was a suggestion you went along with. Did you even want an omega?” Tony inched forward. Steve didn’t move, his eyes steady on Tony’s face. “Maybe you didn’t. Maybe that’s why you’re not more, uh. Insistent. That would be okay. I can stay out of your way.” Tony had never been great at being unobtrusive, but he could damn well learn. Picking up the language would keep him occupied for a couple months, at least, and after that he’d--start polishing all the swords, or something. If they would let an omega touch their swords. “What are your feelings on omega-designed weapons? Just wondering.”
“I trust an explanation is forthcoming.” When Thor got annoyed, the burr in his voice thickened to a near growl. Steve wanted to knock him over and
. The heat simmering in Steve’s core spread a little further, burning up his chest and down his legs, as Stark proved himself willing to wrestle, all his lean strength on display. They would do something about that heat soon, but there was still time to play first.
Tony wasn’t going to let that happen. One life in exchange for many: the math wasn’t remotely difficult.
him stop. He chanced a look at Steve’s eyes, which were closer than ever while he studied the ropes spreading over Tony’s back, and found only calm, focused patience. “Not that I’m advocating that you cut them off or anything. Slow is fine with me. Not having a knife near my skin is an added bonus. I can’t say I was looking forward to seeing your knife work up close and in person, no matter how impressive it supposedly is when you’re carving up your enemies. Woah, okay,” Tony said, his voice pitching up sharply as Steve’s hands closed firmly over his upper arms. For a second he thought he was about to be encouraged to shut up after all, but Steve just tipped him carefully onto his side, draping his torso across Steve’s lap as Steve sat beside him. Tony held his breath for a few long seconds, but Steve just ran a hand down his calf and started working on the rope holding his ankles together. “Okay. This is fine, we’re okay. I’d say warn a guy, but it’s not like I’d understand it if you tried, so, okay, free pass on that one.”
“Yes,” Tony had said, immediately and steadily. He’d been raised right, despite Stane’s interference and Howard’s drunken indifference, and he knew his duty to the city’s people.
Jarvis went down on one knee in front of him, his hand gentle on Tony’s chin. For a moment Tony was six years old again, spending all his days running after the steward because he already knew that only Jarvis’ smiles, not those of his parents or tutors, were real.
Steve tilted his head back to watch, wanting to see if anyone took him up on his offer, but as soon as he looked away Natasha let go of one of his wrists and raked her nails over his chest. It was barely hard enough to sting, but it was enough to make him refocus on her. If she wanted his attention, she could have it.
, Steve realized belatedly. His instincts flipped from from murder to enthusiastic welcome fast enough to leave him dizzy. He’d been trying not to think about his absent packmate--
“You’re sweet,” she said, and pinched his nipples hard, both at once. He bucked up and she rose up with him, riding the movement of his hips and working her hand over her clit, eyes slitted but still open as her body shuddered with climax. She’d always be watching him. If he misstepped, if he overextended, she would be right there to correct him, unafraid to tell him when he got it wrong. The certainty and the
Steve lounged back in the water, spreading his arms against the tub’s sides to bare his chest. “So quit gawking and get in here.”
. That already put him in a very small and select club, and as Tony’s fear was easing back, his curiosity was growing.
comment. Was that how everyone thought these days, or was it just that Stark was a civilian? It was hard to understand what a victory heat really meant until you’d gone through one. Steve hadn’t had a clue himself, not until he’d rescued Bucky and returned to camp with all the other freed prisoners and started glowing with heat pheromones right there in the command tent. Peggy and Bucky had hustled him off to a quarantine room, and between the two of them, they’d--
“What?” Stark said, spinning around theatrically to look behind him. “Are there aliens still kicking around? Another nuke? An earthquake, the rapture, what is it, where’s the fire?”
“Yeah, it’s bedtime,” Tony agreed. He hesitated, then took a deep breath and gathered up the blanket and sheet below him. Most of his other gambits had worked, and even the ones Steve rejected hadn’t actually ended badly. Besides, Tony wouldn’t be Tony if he didn’t push every limit he met. How else was he supposed to know what he could get away with?
“Okay, chop-chop, let’s get this show on the road,” Stark said, clapping his hands together. His words faded into the background, unimportant compared to finding out how Barton kissed (enthusiastic and messy, but still careful with his teeth). “Thor, let’s get the green goblin here up to the roof, I have people to do and things to see, time’s a-wasting.”
There are times when they make contact. Perhaps a warm hand on Steve’s arm or on Tony’s shoulder, fingertips brushing against each other, and sometimes, palm against palm when they share a rare high-five. Other times, it’s when Tony’s trying to take measurements to tailor his suit to him perfectly. It makes Tony feel as if… As if he’s not as broken a man as he is. It makes him feel whole.
They haven’t touched much but for very brief instances in a while, not since… Not since that one day in the lab when his body had complained of his constant activity and lack of sleep that he’d been ignoring. Tony took Steve’s hand and trailed his fingers down his forearm to his hand, trying to think nothing of it, inspecting his fingers for his gloves, murmuring numbers and calculations to himself in a low voice that Steve had mistaken for something Tony had wanted him to know. Steve had bent down closer to listen because Tony was hunched lower than usual. Tony had looked up at exactly the wrong (or right) moment and their lips had almost met, a mere inch apart, eyes meeting and holding. Steve’s hand had been suddenly very warm in his own, the mesmerizing blue of his eyes drawing Tony in deep. He’d never stood a chance.
The team was waiting for them in the living room, and they smiled when they zeroed in on Tony and Steve's hands, as if they knew, which they probably did, considering they all had tried so hard to get rid of him with Pepper. However, when their eyes fell on the ring on Steve's finger, Clint, Natasha, and Bucky cleared their throats and spouted about going to check out a new gym before disappearing. Bruce muttered an excuse about going to check some books out at the library, disappearing out the door too. Rhodey and Pepper both excuse themselves while saying they have work and paperwork to complete, vanishing, leaving Tony and Steve alone.
"Tony, please. I want to help. I'd rather walk away with your blessing than fighting with you. Please." He pleaded quietly, and Tony swallowed hard, shaking his head wordlessly, his fists clenching. No. Nonononononononononono. Please, no, anything but that. However, against his intention, the words forced themselves out of his mouth, faltering.
"Tony, my cousin's coming to visit! Can you come with me to greet them?" Pepper asked brightly, and Tony stared at her like she'd grown a second head before shaking his head.
He lets out a cough and the woman rolls her eyes, sitting down across from him. How long has he been staring at Steve? He’s lost track of time. Damn. He swallows and slumps down a bit into his chair as Natasha fixes her piercing gaze on him. Tony feels her slowly picking away at his very being as if she can see right through him and read his thoughts. He looks away from her wordlessly to rid himself of the feeling of his skin prickling, but looking away doesn’t do much for him. It still remains.
"Oh, Tony." Pepper's voice was sorrowful and pitying, and it made Tony cringe, before he found himself enveloped in a warm embrace, slender fingers running through his hair soothingly. "It's alright, I promise, it's all going to be okay." She murmured quietly, and Tony let himself relax, burying his face into the crook of her neck, inhaling her scent of wild strawberries and a hint of something lemony and sweet, which was odd, considering Pepper was allergic to strawberries- He remembered this time. They stayed like that for a while, Pepper letting Tony cry it out on her shoulder, supporting him silently, being his rock.
with his teeth, and pouring a generous amount in his hand, warming it up as he rolled it around his palm before slicking his fingers up in it. With that, he pressed his index finger against Steve's twitching entrance before pushing in then pulling out in a pattern, before he pushed a second one in, watching as Steve's hips lifted and twitched, trying to get them to go in deeper, before letting out a strangled moan when Tony crooked his fingers, hitting his prostate. "Fuck, you're tight, Steve." He spoke through gritted teeth, and Steve only responded with a whimper. Tony took that as a que, and impatient one at that, to slip his third finger in, which he did. The blonde gasped sharply, his hips moving against before the brunette locked his fingers into it, pressing it back into the bed. "Steve, you look gorgeous like this." The brunette purred out, and that sent a sharp spike of heat straight to Steve's cock.
Tony sighed, reaching up to rub his fingers over his brow, deciding that Fury could wait a few more minutes. He was unwilling to go into a meeting with the SHIELD director who was most likely looking to milk another few million dollars worth of tech from Tony if anything just yet.
Tony breaks away from his thoughts only when his leg is nudged, causing him to jump in surprise, his eyes tearing away from Steve before he comes face to face with a red-headed assassin.
Tony shut the door after them, and much to Steve’s dismay (and faint arousal), he felt Tony’s hands squeezing his ass, his lips by his ear.
"Actually, Tony, I was just going to take the day off and relax, you know?" Bruce cut in rapidly and a bit awkwardly, and Tony tilted his head, before he coughed.
“Welcome home, darling,” Tony whispered, feeling the blond’s frame shudder under his hands to his breathy words. He let Steve draw back enough to press their foreheads together, noses bumping against each other as they shared another laugh, the high of the moment overriding everything else. The genius smiled, hand settling on the nape of Steve’s neck as his fingers coiled into the strands of hair there. “Miss me?” He teased, a smirk curling his lips.
Tony’s eyes move on to sweep over Steve's collarbone over to the strong shoulders, tracing over the curve of his biceps and muscled forearms to large hands. Steve has an artist's hands. Steady and poised, his fingers are long and slender. It always catches Tony off guard.
Tony seemed ignorant to Steve’s internal struggle, pressing close to hook his fingers over the hem of both Steve’s pants and underwear, tugging them down until the blond’s hard length sprang free, already drooling precum. Tony didn’t give his husband a moment to process what was about to happen, opening his mouth to take the head of Steve’s cock into his mouth, sealing his lips around it as he gave a vehement suck.
“Ah, fuck, Tony!” Steve’s hips jerked forward, unable to help himself. Tony focused on suppressing his gag reflex then, feeling the slide of Steve’s velvety steel length thrusting deep into his throat for just a moment. His clever tongue twisting around the hardness now resting in his mouth, writhing to find any and all sensitive spots he could. Sealing his lips around Steve, Tony’s mouth became a point of hot, wet heat and the blond let out a choked moan, head tipping back and thudding against the back wall as streaks of pleasure arced down his spine. The way that Tony looked—perfectly content while swallowing Steve whole—only amplified the supersoldier’s experience.
Steve can feel Tony say it when he calls him darling, dear, or dearest every opportunity he gets. He can feel him say it when he feigns overdramatic disappointment by protesting with every Italian endearment he can think of in an effort to convince him whenever Steve rolls his eyes and tells him no. His far most favorite time that he’s felt Tony say it is when Tony forgot that he could understand a bit of Italian and said “My sun, my moon, my stars,” while looking at him, and Steve just smiled and replied with “Love you too,” and that simple statement made for a flustered Tony, a sight rare in itself.
When he faced forward again, Tony caught Steve’s eye, and then smiled so bright that it took Steve’s breath away. “I fell in love with the way you see the world, and how you love your family so fiercely, and how you only eat broccoli if it’s stir-fried, and how you keep leaving the fucking coffee grounds in the sink because you’re so stubborn, and how you let me steal all your sweaters because you know they make me feel…
“I’m not done with you, mister!” Tony called after him. He set down his coffee before running after Steve.
The aliens that had arrived on that weird doughnut-shaped ship had made a mess of Greenwich Village, more so the lands of Wakanda when they followed the Avengers to the hidden kingdom. When Bruce had told them they were after whatever it was in Vision’s head, Steve and Bucky both knew it was the only place to go. Thor had touched down in the nick of time with a talking raccoon and something that looked like an Ent from Middle Earth. The one Bruce called “Thanos” finally arrived, and Thor had gone for his head.
Also also - the phone number from the beginning of this chapter was an Easter egg from the comics, where Thor shared Tony's number with the world. You used to be able to call and get a recorded voicemail but alas, it seems to have been discontinued. If you want to listen to it,
“Oh! Huh. Mistletoe. I wonder who put that there,” Tony said sarcastically, biting back a cheeky grin. He turned to Steve, shrugging dramatically.
He looked up just in time to see Steve walk in through the door of his office, wearing his new specially designed, SHIELD-issued tactical suit. Tony’s higher brain functions almost stopped entirely when the blond threw him a cheeky grin.
Tony wiped his face on his shoulder, clearing his throat. “If she was a boy, we would’ve named her Arthur.”
Except for right now. Right now was not perfect. Tony and Steve both refused to let go of each other, breathing each other in, not breaking their kiss as they toed off their baroque shoes or tripped over the open luggage bags strewn across the floors or caught their pinkie toes on the corner of the coffee table.
“It’s a very sexy beard, Steve.” He stepped into Steve’s personal space, crowding the blond up against the sink despite their difference in height. Tony looked up at Steve through his eyelashes, pouting his mouth in the way he knew Steve could never resist. “You know I have a thing for lumberjacks.”
When they were back in their own bodies again, Steve had made a brief comment about the chaos in Tony’s mind, thinking to play it off as a joke, and the man just shrugged in return after saying the slow and quiet inside of Steve’s head was a nice reprieve. And it broke Steve’s heart.
The ref blew her whistle a few more times when Bucky got even more boisterous. “Oh, really? A little girl gets kicked to the ground and that’s not a foul? I want to know who
“I know we’ve had our squabbles in the past, with the StarkExpo and all. No hard feelings, though. Water under the bridge, am I right?”
ideas.” Tony’s eyes hovered at Steve’s lips, full and red and calling out to him, before leaning in to capture them in a kiss. He felt Steve’s hand slide up his front before his fingers twisted in his tie, pulling their bodies closer.
His Adam’s apple bobbed as he swallowed audibly. Steve pulled his bottom lip between his teeth, brows furrowing together. “You distract me.
! I was, past-tense. Yeah, I got out on good behavior,” Hammer interjected, forcing a chuckle. He awkwardly stepped onto the floor, snapping his fingers before clapping his hands together. “So… Hi. Good to see everyone.”
Natasha’s frown deepened as she made eye contact with Hammer, and Tony felt the anger radiating out of her even from where he sat across the dining table. “I’m giving you thirty seconds to get out of here before I stab you with my heels.”
Steve stood in his spot for another few moments, a smile fixed on his lips as he not-very-subtly admired Tony’s backside. He hated to see him go, but he could admit that he loved to watch him leave.
Happy raised his free arm, looking down to the watch on his wrist. “Boss, we need to leave. You’re already late, and I sort of don’t want to face the wrath of Pepper today.”
King Anthony and Duke Steven are surprised to find out that their son, Prince Peter, is already off the market.
Steve hovered at Tony’s side, wide-eyed as he watched their daughter’s tiny fingers wrap around Tony’s pinky. “She’s so strong,” Tony croaked out, laughing giddily. “Oh, she’s so beautiful. Pep, you have no idea how — oh, man. You’ll be her godmother, right? You gotta be.” He sniffed, turning his head to look at Steve. They both were smiling like they’d never smile ever again, eyes wet with tears but filled with so much love and adoration that Steve felt like he was going to drown in it.
Sam shrugged, biting back a smirk. “Dunno, man. Not to call you out, but you’re never subtle about looking at him with those heart-eyes of yours.”
Very little is known of Storm’s and Prince Peter’s relationship behind the castle walls, but King Anthony had nothing but kind words to say about the former when inquired by the press. “Johnny has easily become like a second son to us,” King Anthony recounts. “He makes Peter happy, and that’s really all that Steve and I can hope for.”
Tony still couldn’t wrap his mind around how Thor’s magic hammer shtick worked – it had to be some weird fingerprint technology embedded; there was no other explanation. Not for anyone’s lack of trying, but no one had been able to nudge the stupid thing sitting on the coffee table, not even him and Rhodey, who’d grabbed a gauntlet each to try and get some lift.
Clint shrugged, taking a swig from his chilled glass of whiskey. “What else is a guy to do at this stupid thing? Rub elbows with old white guys?”
Steve smiled into their kiss, reluctant to peel himself away from his boyfriend. “I don’t want to keep missing you.”
The typing indicators kept stopping and starting and stopping again. Tony expected a lengthy paragraph or two from Steve but was surprised when a five-word message popped up instead:
Tony’s entire body jerked in surprise, and Steve had to press his lips together to fight the amused smirk tugging on his lips. The brunet placed a hand over his own chest, giving him a soft glare as he hissed, “Jesus, make some noise when you move! A guy’s got a fuckin’ heart condition.”
When they turned a corner, Tony made a beeline to one of the doors to the left. He let the door swing open, presenting it to Barnes and encouraging him to drop his bag inside. Barnes nodded, sharing a quiet “Thanks, Stark,” before tossing his duffle onto the mattress.
Tony’s mouth quirked up at one corner, teasing as he slowly prepped Steve for a second finger. “You with me, champ?”
Steve wandered around the multiple floors of the weirdly diamond-shaped museum for hours, moving up from the first-floor courtyards to the upper-level cultural exhibits on anthropology. There were a handful of locals and other tourists that meandered between the galleries. Steve spotted a few attendees strolling around in suits and ties, fancy dresses. (Two stories below, a Philippine company was hosting a fundraising gala to celebrate their latest partnership with Stark Industries.)
A/N: For Cookie, thanks for the inspo uwu. This'll likely be expanded in another fic in the future. Workskin code from
“C’mon, Morg, watch number nine! She’s throwing elbows!” Bucky shouted, attracting the attention of every single parent in their immediate vicinity. Steve leaned into Tony’s side, fighting hard to stifle his laughter when Bucky raised his hands placatingly, apologizing to the others. “Sorry,” he said, turning to the woman at his side. “That’s my niece, number twenty-one. Star of the team.”
“Only for you, Mr. Rogers-Stark.” Steve sported a shit-eating grin of his own, pulling Tony closer to his front. He kissed him again, sighing out a contented, “I love you.”
few days with my better half,” Tony grit out sarcastically, eyes not leaving Steve’s. Managing to rein in his anger, he said sincerely, “Wish we’d met under better circumstances.”
“We’re married,” Steve sighed happily, smiling wider. He pulled Tony beside him by the collar of his tuxedo, beaming as he stole a kiss. Tony recognized the taste of their red velvet cake on Steve’s lips. “We’re
Steve felt like he had cotton in his ears with how loud the blood pumping through them was. It was like the blood pumping through his body was the loudest thing there was. His heart was ten times its normal size by the way his chest felt intensely warm. He couldn’t even take his eyes off of the man standing beside him, as if he’d ever want to. (And he’d never want to. He could look at Tony for the rest of his life, and after today, that was exactly what he planned to do.)
Because even when Steve was laying down beside him in bed, Tony still felt like they were a thousand miles apart.
Steve felt like a live wire as he stood at the counter, playing and replaying Tony’s words in his head like a broken record. His eyes flickered to Tony’s door involuntary as he considered his options: Follow or not to follow. It was an invitation, right? Or, on the other hand, perhaps he was still just reading too far into—
!” What Tony could only describe as black tendrils erupted from all over his skin, crashing into tables and chairs, knocking over everything within their reach. Steve spun on his heel, glaring at him.
Peter drove the couple hours back to his parents’ house in Malibu, finding only his Pops nursing a cup of coffee in the kitchen. “Hey, look who’s home!” Steve said, standing to pull his son into a bear hug. “Wasn’t expecting you back ‘til later.”
Tony snorted, brows going up on his forehead. The folder in his hands was promptly tucked under an arm as he made to cross both arms cross his chest in defense. “Me? No. Did
There was only a small number of visitors walking between the galleries, but Tony supposed that’s what it looked like normally in the middle of the week in September. Not that it mattered, because the wonderment lighting up Steve’s face was something he wanted to keep entirely for himself.
Lifes 10% What Happens To Me + 90% How I React To It. Observation Runs Parallel To Justification On A Track Of Self Truth. Love U Much Bucky Becca Peggy. The Worlds Your Stage, Break A Leg. Pops, U Taught Me How To Be A Man. Ma, U Taught Me How To Be A Person. Thanks Love U Both. To My Team, Im Taking U w/ Me, Thor, NR, BB, CB, SW, GJ, DD, JM, JMF, JD. Tony, ILYSM, You Are My Light!
. Only sex. It wasn’t, like, gay or anything. Sure, maybe Tony had never given anyone head before, but Steve wasn’t exactly complaining when the brunet licked up his shaft or mouthed at the tip of his cock. He didn’t complain when Tony all but sucked his soul straight out of his dick, sending him spiraling into the most intense, toe-curling, back-arching climax he’d ever experienced. Steve had never kissed another guy before either, but he didn’t whine about it when Tony crawled up and captured his mouth in a kiss, licking past his teeth to brush against his tongue. The taste of his own spend in Tony’s mouth was strong, heady, mixed with something that was so extremely
They moved to face each other in the darkness of their room, nothing but the moonlight filtering in from the penthouse windows. His hands curled around Tony’s shoulders to hold him close. Tony’s fingers were light as they carded through Steve’s hair. Steve found Tony’s eyes in the dark, searching, and they shared a tentative kiss.
“Tony, someone’s going to come looking for us,” Steve pointed out, only half-resisting as Tony dragged him to the Bartons’ barn house.
“What? No,” Steve said, brows knitting together. He exhaled, breath condensing a bit in the chilled air. “I just — this is… dumb, what I did. You’re one of the only people who could really understand, and I psyched myself out of coming to you, which was me being so fucking stupid—”
Hammer rolled his eyes, waving a hand as he hopped over the sectional couch and planted his butt onto one of the cushions. “Eh, well, Banner over there sort of broke Harlem and
Infinity War!Steve gets arrested by the TVA for trying to change the Battle of Wakanda, and he comes across Judge Stark.
“Yeah. I think. Let’s go with that.” He slipped his sunglasses off of his face and moved them to rest atop the bill of his hat, giving Steve a half-smile as he drank more of the blue slush. “Wanna try?” he offered.
“Some would say it brought our country closer to war,” Steve pointed out, lifting his gaze to meet Tony’s.
He spent a solid fifteen minutes responding to comments and overthinking every little thing about his and Tony’s relationship before a text from Sam pulled at his attention. Steve jumped out of bed, quickly changed into his gym clothes, and then slipped out of their apartment for his usual morning run.
Tony returned from the grocers to find Steve lounging in the wicket sofa on the wrap-around porch of their cabin home. He had a tablet propped up on a bent leg, clicking around with one hand as the other supported their one-year-old daughter resting on his chest. Tony stood at the bottom of the wooden steps for a few moments, smiling to himself as he took mental images of the sight; even now, he didn’t know what kind of good he did in life to deserve his family.
And maybe they shouldn’t have, Steve thought to himself, but the words simultaneously sent a chill up his spine and warmth through his heart. It was normal; he and Tony have known each other for a few years now, and they always shared loving sentiments. They were best friends, of course they loved each other, but ever since they started to be
“Dinner’s ready,” Steve’s voice called from over his shoulder. Tony hadn’t heard him enter the workshop; he was so focused on a new prototype widget for SI.
Steve can't even see through his tears anymore. He's tripping over debris and corpses of the fallen, and his sight is nothing but a blurry mess because he can't — stop — crying, because his husband is
Tony grabbed Steve by the front of the shirt, crushing their lips together in a firm kiss to keep him from rambling on. “You’re the dumbest smart person I have ever met in my entire existence,” he said when they pulled away. Tony licked his lips, reveling in the taste of Steve on his tongue. “I’ve been in love with you since the Revolutionary War, you idiot.”
,” Bruce sighed sarcastically, fidgeting with the watch on his left wrist. “At least this one can’t be worse than the last.”
No one was paying attention to Bucky, though. “Call it! That was a foul! Are you blind?” He’d run straight down the bleachers and right onto the field, yelling at the closest referee.
together. They shared showers and nightly pillow talks, which both men looked forward to at the end of every day. When Steve and Sam started jetting off in search of Bucky Barnes, those little pockets of intimacy became smaller. The only things that didn’t change were the kisses. Whether coming or going, they were given without thinking twice, and its warmed Tony’s heart every single time. Steve never failed to punctuate their days of separation with them.
“I wouldn’t want to impose.” He ran a hand through his hair as he straightened up; a nervous tick, Steve realized.
“Nice job selling the lie, Stark,” Fury interrupted, crossing his arms over his chest. “Threw a few people for a loop. You might’ve just secured enough sponsors for the Games just from that.”
Steve’s lip quivered, his eyes glistening with wetness as tears pooled. A smile tugged at the corners of his mouth. “I’m sorry for shutting you out,” he said quietly, sniffing.
The two of them stayed in a companionable silence for a long time. Steve was sitting on the edge of consciousness, teetering towards it, before Tony started to speak. “It was the same dream again. Can that be considered a dream? I hate it. I get that — uh, that feeling, y’know, in my chest like when Obadiah had pulled the Arc Reactor from my chest and… God, that helplessness just… lingers.”
“Just, you’re never late for a run. Thought it was a weird is all.” Sam continued to look up at Steve, who looked right back at him and hoped for all it was worth that Sam wouldn’t read into the silence.
Steve padded down the steps barefoot, frowning. He entered his access code on the cool glass when the security keypad popped up, sighing as he entered the workshop. With how loudly the heavy rock music was being blasted through the speakers, it was obvious Tony was in the middle of an inventing binge.
The next second, Steve had pulled him up by his shirt collar, smashing their mouths together in a harsh kiss.
He’d only lived in Tony’s head for barely two days, but it was like living with a chronic migraine he was so unused to. Steve’s brain was wired differently, he knew that now, and even then it never sounded like pouring rain on an otherwise calm day. Steve suddenly understood why Tony drank an ungodly amount of caffeine on a daily basis, because the usual one or two cups did absolutely
The blond zeroed in on him, hastening up his jog. His sneakers, which were obviously drenched, squished and squeaked as he approached. Steve ducked under the refuge of the tiny umbrella, panting, “Went out for my run.”
“You are never leaving me behind again,” Steve muttered against his lips, feeling his chest ache from the relief.
– was just Steve’s soft mouth pressed lightly over Tony’s. Innocent, unsure, but enough to stir the butterflies in his stomach that he had thought were long gone. He wasn’t sure who leaned in first. Maybe it was him, or maybe it was Steve, but it didn’t matter because Steve tasted like mint, fresh and sweet and cool.
Brown eyes searched blue ones, seeing the raw emotions swimming in the vastness of the ocean. A small smile tugged at the corners of Tony’s mouth. Attempting to lighten the mood, he said, “Is this payback for when I didn’t call you about the Mandarin blowing up my house?”
From the scorching heat creeping up his neck, Steve knew his face had gone completely red. His teeth clicked when he clenched them together. “Fury, I – we didn’t think anyone was –”
Steve swiped the back of his hand over his eyes, sniffing as he tugged his daughter’s cap a little snugger on her head. “Since she’s a girl, Morgan.”
Steve reached forward before he could help himself, tugging Tony forward by the bowtie and placing a hand to the back of the head. Their kiss was harsh and raw and tasted like the salt of tears, but it was a comfort all the same. Wolf whistles started, followed by raucous cheers, and Steve felt himself
