"...Ty said he was worried about us, and then you came out and said the right thing.  It really helped drive my point home.  Thanks."
"I'm not saying he'd be terrible," Clint sighed. He chewed thoughtfully on a mouthful of cookie. "It's just... as he is right now, I can't really imagine it. But I guess, when some people have kids, it makes them turn their lives around. ...I don't know Steve. It's a joint decision. A big decision, sure. But you are super young, you know, to be deciding if you never wanna have kids..."
Tony was confused about why Steve wouldn't want to wear his dogtags (he thought they looked sort of hot) but didn't protest.  He climbed into Steve's lap and took Steve's hands, guiding them between his legs. "You're already good... so good..." he purred, kissing Steve's lips.  "Feel that? That's for you... I'm going to mate you, Steve... I'm going to make sure you're all filled up with my knot... go ahead and use me however you like... I'm all yours."  He licked at Steve's skin, tasting his sweat, enjoying this. His brain was slowly going into that weird static mode he'd felt in the plane. Steve's smell was warm and rich and familiar and made him both exhilarated and sleepy.  He was already stiff. He had a vague idea that he should go get condoms but he didn't want to leave Steve and he doubted he would remember to use them by the time Steve's heat was in full swing.
"Stan, come on, come dance with me!" shouted Tony, bolting for the stairs gleefully.  The main staircase was an elegant curl; everyone cheered when they saw him descending and he flung his arms out.
"Oh, come on, you can't just gloss over how you met.  It's the love story of the decade!  Come on.  Tell us all about it," insisted a woman across the table.  "We don't all have the benefit of being on the World Security Council, you know."
He slipped into his bedroom as quietly as possible.  Steve's form was lying in their bed, on his stomach, a thin sheet around his waist, his bare back rising and falling with his breaths.
Tony checked his phone again.  He had advised JARVIS to screen all incoming calls.  There had been four so far, two from Aria and one from Pepper and one, sure enough, from Gideon, which Tony had ignored.
"There is no need for that, Mr. Rogers; I will be on my way shortly." Mr. Carbonell said making Steve pause a little and look at the older man who was glaring at him it made Steve stand up straight and look at the man with a frown on his face. "The thing is, I came here to ask you to leave my son alone." Mr. Carbonell said making Steve open his mouth in shock.
Even when his father tried to calm him with tears in his eyes, Tony just cried, screaming at his father to give him his baby back…
The child whispered shakily, but he said these words while looking straight into the Iron King's eyes, making them widen a little before looking at the Omega.
"Clint?" She asked as she turned around, frowning when she didn't see anyone in the kitchen with her, causing her hand to unconsciously head toward where she kept her gun, Natasha then shook her head trying to clear it, it was probably just her imagination, she did come home straight from a mission.
It was a few moments though before Peter starts squealing loudly and running to Steven to hug him tight. "Oh my God, oh my God, oh my God! My lucky star is in our home! Daddy our lucky star is in our home!" Peter squealed loudly, not believing what he was told, holding to Steven's legs tightly while refusing to let go unaware that Steven was studying Tony who was in shock…
/Warning/: This chapter contains, cursing, sadness maybe, fluff, happiness, smut, Steve and Tony finally talk things through, Peter is adorable, and finally! And who knows what! All reviews are appreciated.
“H-he is sleeping, May’s house, he’s been through enough.” Steve swallowed when Tony let out a low hiss, his eyes turning to May’s house before settling on Steve, and the Omega hoped that his mate will calm down enough, that his inner Alpha will see that everything is alright and retreat in the back of his lover’s mind, bringing him his Tony back.
"That's good; we still have three hours before we go to the clinic," Steve stated with a smile, causing Tony to bite his lip to contain the wide smile that wanted to break over his face. Just a few more hours, just a little more time and Harley would finally be home!
11-Til að koma aftur á jafnvægið milli lífs og dauða verður að greiða skuldina í blóð. Hydra konungur tók; Þess vegna verður það tekið frá honum. En til að láta saklaust fólk borga með blóði sínu fyrir glæpi hans… reiði AllFather verður unnin á sálum ykkar í lífinu á eftir. -To re-establish the balance between life and death, the debt must be paid in blood. The Hydra king took; therefore, it shall be taken from him. But to have innocent people pay with their blood for his crimes… the wrath of the AllFather will be wrought upon your souls in the afterlife.
The king asked with amusement, a smirk taking over his face when the Omega hissed and hide the pup behind him.
After finally arriving to Asgard; Thor could only take a deep breath at the sight in front of him, his heart rejoicing by the sight of his home after years of being stranded on Midgard with no way back home. Thor took a few silent minutes as he gazed at his home in an appreciated silence before turning around to gaze at the other person beside him. Thor could only grin at the sight of Heimdall; his friend looked to be in a good shape, even after all these years that Thor wasn't there beside his shield brother. "Heimdall, my friend! How have you been?" Thor asked as he took a step toward the man, smiling at the soft look Heimdall send his way, it had been a long time since he was able to talk to someone from his home without it being in his astral form.
"Why do you think it was me? Maybe he was in fucking cult or something?!" Tony huffed, taking Ty's state with a dark look filled with pleasure, the dark and satisfied look on his face made everyone shift… they never saw Tony sport such a dark look on his face before, usually, that was Steve's job, not Tony. "Besides, I was with Steve all night long yesterday… all night long…" Tony stated before standing up, heading to his lab as he laughed darkly every time Ty let out a shriek; Tony's dark laugh caused everyone to flinch and even Bucky double-take at the sound that left Tony… he looks like a satisfied villain whose plan finally worked.
"Steve is everything OK?" Becca asked as she came toward him which made Steve try to calm himself down, taking a deep breath and give Becca a small smile hoping to not tick the Alpha and cause her to start a fight with the idiot in front of him.
"He is an Addams on his mother's side." Barnes waved them off as he let out another dreamy sigh when the video continued to play that scene of Rogers laughing like a villain in horror movies, and the cries in the background increased.
The day Steve returned, Natasha hugged him tightly than she steered him toward Peggy's office so he can go over the paperwork that was waiting, Steve spent his day in the office, approving and giving missions to the agents, he even appointed Pepper as the temporary CEO of SI, that day Pepper had stormed into his office questioning him about the news of Tony's return. She spent the day crying in his office, asking if she could come and see Tony, as much as it hurt Steve to do that but he told her she can't. he told her about the pup, about Tony being sedated half of the time this past week for attacking nearly everyone that came near him, he told her that it was not a good idea, that as soon as Tony and the pup gets better, he will make sure that Pepper was the first to see them. Pepper agreed in the end, with the promise of Steve updating her on Tony and the pup's condition every day.
"Why… why are you here?" Tony finally dared to ask, he doesn't know why, but he feels so afraid looking at the short woman standing in front of him; hell, Tony didn't fear Wednesday or Steve when he first saw them, but this woman, this woman… she made Tony feel like he was an ant about to be crushed. Now Tony knew from where Steve got his creepiness and scariness from; that woman was clearly Satan in disguise, and Steve was the devil spawn for sure.
Swallowing a little, Tony bite his lips nervously before knocking on the door in front of him, his hands shaking, and were steady only thanks to his suit, a few seconds (Or were they minutes, Tony certainly start losing time) the door finally opened, causing Tony's heart to nearly lapping out of his chest when he saw his father… his father who looked the same as he did seventeen years ago. Whatever harsh words Tony prepared for his father and mother vanished in the speed of light, leaving Tony breathless and shaking in his place, not knowing what to do or say.
"Don't worry, Bucky, I will be there… if you want I can hold your hand?" Steve offered, which made the Alpha pause for a few minutes before nodding his head in acceptance, which made Steve give him a reassuring smile as they went inside the barbershop to wait for Bucky's turn, Steve was never as grateful as he was when the barber was understanding Alpha and just gave him a smile when he explained about Bucky being a war vet.
"We should tell him, he needs to know before the others." Tony said three days later, which caused a smile to twitch on Steve's face as he sat on the couch and looked at Tony who was smiling; Steve knows what that meant, it meant that Tony was sure about staying with them forever, which caused the smile on Steve's face to get bigger until it nearly split his face, only to be mirrored by the one on Tony's face, as the Omega leaned down to kiss him on the lips, the two of them were in the living room, watching a science show that Tony goes on and on about; Peter was outside with Bucky, the two of them playing baseball with the neighbors' kids.
"I heard you decided to go on a hunting trip… with the oathbreaker no less," Steven stated, gazing at Anton like he was a fool as he checked over him, frowning when his eyes fell on the tunic Anton was wearing, not even having an armor over it; his Alpha snarled at the scathe look the Omega sent his way, a look that informed Anton the queen thought of him as nothing but a lesser and a fool. "You know that misfortune follows every oath breaker, or did you forget?" Steven asked, his eyes were narrowed as he glared at Anton making the Alpha clench his fists tightly.
"I was foolish like you once." Sara said to him three days later after Tonton's death, and it caused him to turn and look at the woman in her astral form, the woman was beautiful with her golden hair that was curled, reaching her back, her pale luminous skin, and her blue eyes, wearing a long black gown which only success to show her beauty, Sara and him shared so many similarities, that the other stars thought they were one star that split in half. "Falling in love with a mortal, I was foolish to think that there will ever be something between the two of us, mortals… their lives are just a second in our long lives." Sara said as she floats to him letting her hand run through his shoulder-length blond hair.
"Welcome, my Golden One…" A booming voice spoke, causing Steve to flinch and turn his gaze to the one who Steve dreaded coming across for the last millennium… Thanos… "I see that an insect had managed to come with you, Nebula," Thanos stated as he started walking toward Steve, which caused Steve's eyes to widen when he saw one of the infinity gauntlets on Thanos' left hand. The Space Stone gave a pulse that made Steve swallow when he finally noticed the three Infinity Stones in Thanos' possession.
"Don't make me laugh, Stane, what's there to replace if there was nothing from the start?" Tony snorted, leaning on Steve's chest with a sharp smile, taking the strength from the Alpha behind him as he grew grounded by his scent and touch. The Omega was grateful for Steve, so grateful that the Alpha didn't hesitate to give him the comfort he wanted, even after falling out not a month ago.
To say the truth, Steven never felt as awkward as he did now, sitting in transporting ship with Midgardian who were gazing at him like he was some type of a zoo animal and to make the matter even worse, he was stuck with Thor son of Odin who was fluttering about him like an annoying… fly? Is that what Midgardian says? Steven knows that the man meant well, but it does not justify the constant jumping and whimpering every time Steven winces when his injured leg was moved, the man even screamed at his fellow warriors that they were going to take Steven to the tower, and not to S.H.I.E.L.D. or he was going to knock the ship down, something that made the star's heart freeze in terror.
Steven blinks at the team like they were idiots before sighing to himself and start massaging his forehead for the upcoming migraine. "Do I need to remind you that I was once upon a time in the military? We cuss in the twentieth century and sure as hell we cuss in the twenty-one century, why are you acting all surprised?" Steven shook his head at that and starts grumbling under his breath then turn to Steve. "Look, son, for the last time the only thing I will tell you about Hydra is what I deem you ready to hear, I don't care what you will try to do to gain information but if I hear about you going around the place spreading the word about what you hear I will kick you so hard that I will return you to the twenty century, and believe me when I say I already kicked your skinny ass when I traveled in time last time." Steven hissed which caused Steve to flinch a little at the murderous look in his counterpart face, it was true that Steven doesn't have scent glands to emit pheromones to scare people off, but that look was enough to make all the Avengers flinch and look away from the older man… he was scary.
"Ancient One, Brother Stark was telling us about how you informed him that he is a reincarnation of someone named Anton, is that true?" Thor asked amazement and awe shining in his eyes, which caused Steven to blink his eyes and turn to Tony who was looking at him with wide innocent eyes, wondering if Steven will lie and say no or if he will say the truth.
“That was a good workout, Tony! You’ve really improved on your snap kick, giving me a run for my money,” Steve winks at Tony when they’re walking to the locker room (yes, their gym has a locker room, it wouldn’t really be a gym otherwise now would it).
Tony returns to the karaoke room, carefully balancing a tray of drinks on one hand while using the other to push open the door. He is stopped in his tracks by the wall of sound coming towards him.
“Steve?” Tony walks out of the elevator into the gym, wanting to ask Steve a very quick question about how he’s liking the improvements he made on Steve’s suit. His question is however lost in extremely loud music, an up-tempo beat and some admittedly catchy tunes.
They settle in a comfortable silence, Steve looking out his windows at the buildings passing by, Tony making notes on his phone. Tony has been zoning out, thinking about a way for Clint’s arrows to return to him after he’s shot them hundreds of meters away, finally jotting down some equations that have been zooming around his head all evening. Then, he notices Steve is humming. His concentration momentarily broken, he focuses on the tune. It’s hard to discern as Steve doesn’t always finish the lines. Surely it must be an AC/DC song, Tony thinks. They’ve just had a full 2 hours of that, some songs
Now, Tony wouldn’t call himself a genius when it comes to learning languages, but he’s picked up enough Spanish to get the gist of what Steve’s singing. He clears his throat again, and it suddenly becomes very hard to think clearly with Steve naked in the shower only one or two meters away, singing about… not wearing pajamas.
Clint laughs while dunking another plate in the soapy water. “They’re probably playing Just Dance again. Ever since Natasha caught Bruce doing it last week, they’ve been fully addicted to it.”
“Wanna have a go?” Steve turns to him after the song finishes. He’s grinning widely and slightly sweaty in a way that he sometimes isn’t even after a long sparring session in the gym.
He watches on as a man on a cart that’s riding through a desert appears on screen, and all his teammates put their hands behind their heads.
“Hey!” Tony starts as he spins around, planning to scold Steve for his teasing. “I’ll have you know that –” Steve is naked.
It’s Friday night, which means it’s time for team dinner. This time, it’s Clint’s turn to cook, which means Bruce will cook and Clint will stand next him, handing him all the wrong utensils (where does he even get those screwdrivers from?). Tony has managed to wrench himself loose from all the work he still has to do, and drag himself up the stairs. When he enters the dining room, it’s empty. He blinks up at the clock. For once, it appears that he’s early.
Tony cuts him off by smashing their lips together. That works incredibly well, Tony thinks, why hasn’t he tried that before? Then his brain shuts up too as Steve enthusiastically responds, flipping them over so that Tony is lying underneath him while never breaking the kiss.
Steve smiles. “If you want a go, Tony, just say the word,” and he turns back to the screen to get ready for the next song.
Some annoying, high pitched screeching fills the small space they’re sitting in. Natasha throws Tony a smirk over her shoulder before focusing on the sky again.
Tony and Clint go on to discuss what villainous flair they would have, with Bruce staring out the window and Steve polishing his shield behind them.
Steve starts humming. It might be better for Tony’s mental state and self-control if Steve doesn’t sing the words that accompany this tuny, but Tony secretly wishes he would continue.
Bruce looks up at him. “This is Taylor Swift. It’s a good song, Tony. You really should open up more to different genres, it’s fun.”
They have arrived at the car, where Happy opens the door for them and they hop in. As they drive away, going back home, Steve turns to Tony, face excited and open. “Tony, thank you again for taking me here! And for buying me earplugs,” he adds after a second, smiling. “I had a really good time.”
Tony is frozen in the door opening. It’s honestly a miracle he’s still holding their drinks, and that the glasses haven’t smashed yet due to the sheer volume his teammates are producing.
The second-hand bookstore about a fifteen-minute walk away from the tower hosts a disco evening once every month, and yes, that is as cool as it sounds. Tony never really was much of a book-guy, but Steve very much is, so apparently that means Tony kind of is now too. They’ve been enjoying the disco balls and snacks, and have moved on to looking through the books to see if they can bring anything back for their teammates. Hey Ya by Outkast fades out, and a new song attacks Tony’s ears. He sees Steve immediately perk up out of the corner of his eye.
“Dancing is fun, Tony!” Steve is moving his hips to the beat, and okay, maybe if pressed Tony would have to admit that it might look like it was a tiny bit fun.
“I think it’s called Go To Town? It’s by this singer who changes hair color so often, I really like her.”
Tony promptly turns on his heels and marches out, accompanied by the tune as the door slowly shuts behind him.
Tony huffs at Steve’s back. “Never,” he says, making a mental note to buy a Wii and have it installed in his workshop to experience this for himself and prove to the rest of them that it is, in fact, nothing but extremely and utterly ridiculous.
The arm movements continue and then they all salute. Tony decides he’s seen enough and pulls out his phone to examine some of the schematics he sketched earlier. He slouches down on the couch, with the full intentions of focusing on his work. However, his flailing teammates are apparently impossible to ignore and Tony can’t stop his eyes from being drawn to them.
Tony looks at the dishes, which are almost done, and makes a decision. He throws the towel he had been doing nothing useful with for the past minute anyway at Clint’s head as he walks towards the living room in curiosity. Clint yelps behind him as Tony pokes his head around the corner and sees Natasha, Bruce, Thor and Steve all holding a Wii controller and doing some vigorous jazz hands, as far as Tony can tell.
Tony is kicking at the waves as Steve jogs away from him. When he suggested they’d go to the beach to get some fresh air, Tony was thinking more along the lines a slow walk along the surf, talking about everything and nothing. Apparently, Steve’s idea of a calming “walk” was more like running a marathon on top speed.
“You have to find the joy in quality music, Anthony,” Thor bellows from the behind them, before joining in with Steve and the rest and yelling along with the lyrics.
Steve drags out the last word for way longer than he’s supposed to, which even Tony can recognize without knowing the song.
Tony stares back at him in disbelief. ‘I choose to ignore that so that we can stay friends.” He turns on his heels to make himself a cup of coffee.
Tony wondered. He took a deep breath and let his mouth run. "I speak nothing but truth to beauty, Dr Ross," he said, affecting a bow, which wasn't easy because the armour wasn't designed to bend like that. "Ask anyone. No, on second thoughts, don't. Just trust in me." He rolled his eyes.
"H-heat?" Tony squeaked; hating how his voice was high pitched when he nearly shrieked the word out, he ended blinking his eyes in disbelieve, the notion of going into heat after years of nothing kind of overwhelmed him, for he thought that his body was too damage from malnutrition and abuse that he wouldn't have any more heats, nor have any other child after Peter, but the thought of his heat approaching after years made Tony's head reeling.
"No, can't, have to make dinner or something… or something…" Steve mumbled sleepily, trying to stay awake and stubbornly refusing to sleep; that caused Bucky to sigh and shake his head, muttering something about stupid punks, which for some unknowing reason caused Steve to feel warm on the inside like it was some word of affection and not an insult from his brother-in-law.
"It's a tree, baby; you know the trees I told you about?" Tony asked as he pointed at the tree which made Peter's mouth open in a small 'o' that made Tony look outside the car with heart pounding in his chest. It had been two weeks since his and Steve's conversation, two weeks and finally, after more than two months in the hospital, Tony was finally going home, just the thought of returning to his home, to his room, finally seeing Dummy and his AI once again, it made Tony sit on the edge of his seat excitement taking over him… he was going home!
As much as Anthony hated lying to Steve about who he truly way, he didn't have the courage to tell him about being a Stark, he didn't want Steve to change because of that, he didn't want the love of his life to look at him and only see money and fame, never the person who was behind all of that. So he continued to be a Carbonell, and what a freeing thing that was, Anthony Carbonell was an inventor who loved the simple things, who wanted to work to make things better, who could act like he truly wanted without the press hunting him and the most important one, Anthony Carbonell has Steve Rogers' love, not that fake love and respect people shower Anthony Stark with to be on his father's good grace, not the Alpha who was forced by his father to create missiles and guns and hurt people.
And the source of all of their problems? A freak who called himself Helmut Zemo… the Red Skull's son… great… peachy! Tony was so going to have a long talk with his aunt about these kinds of guys she always fights, and since when did the Skull have a son? It wasn't written in history, hell! Even his aunt Peggy didn't know about the Skull having any kids. "Ah, finally! The Avengers at my present!" The man's words made Tony close his eyes tightly, a killer headache was about to take over, at the thought of the man in front of him monologuing on and on about his evil plans… Tony has better things to do than hear the man out, like seeing his mate and child.
When you see the character talks like this: "Talking" that meant they are Vikings and are talking in Icelandic, the Vikings know the Hydra kingdom's language which is English in this case.
"Hello, little one, my name is Howard." If the boy's grin wasn't wide enough before it sure is now. It seemed that the little boy only needs this much of an ice breaker before he took the closest place near Howard and start chatting him up, telling Howard about everything and nothing, about what the little boy likes, what he hates, about the wedding that will take place soon and how Tony told him he can be the ring bearer.
"Where is he? Where did you take him?" Steven breathed harshly, his tongue feeling thick in his mouth; any rational thoughts had long since left him when he woke up missing his small babe. Steven tried to strike the person holding him back, tried to wiggle free from the harsh grip, but it was of no use, his body was too slow, too weak, working against him.
"Just as I said, the Avengers are going to be there to stop him, baby. You know we are not the only superheroes in the world, right? There are many other superheroes that are going to fight beside us." Tony explained gently causing his boy to him and snuggle into his chest, an action that made Tony smile gently…
"They were close…" Peggy said, a sad smile taking over his face as she lost herself in memories. "Howard, he was over the moon when Maria told him she was a pregnant, God, the man always treated his son like he was a prince, was so overprotective of him, even after Tony presented as an Omega… everyone thought that the man will be angry and humiliated when his son turned out to be an Omega, that's what people in power felt like, like their Omegas children were nothing but a burden, but Howard surprised us all, his love for his son may as well have increased ten volts if that was even possible, and his protectiveness of Tony was legendary… he taught Tony everything the Omega wanted to learn, from engineering to business to everything else the Omega wanted to learn about, Maria, she was always by Howard's side, teaching Tony about music and how to have a healthy relationship with an Alpha, and how to handle life… they were so happy… they died when they were on their way to MIT, they wanted to surprise Tony, the Omega has won a prize not a week ago for creating Dum-E his first Ai… deep down I know that Tony still blames himself for what happened… how were they in your world?" Peggy asked with a smile, already expecting Steve to tell her some happy news like the one she told him, but the man could do nothing but close his eyes and swallow.
"Commander Rogers, such an honor to meet you!" Zola declared, causing Steven to let out a grunt, his eyes refusing to leave Zola alone, following his movements like a panther watching its prey, an act only caused Zola's beam and for his smile to stretch even further. "I have to admit, I made the appropriate decision for choosing you instead of Captain Rogers; I'm pleased with myself if I may add." Zola stated and Steven nearly said screw it and smashed the chain to attack the imp in front of him, but with Bucky shaking and looking feverish he resolved not to move, seeking to assist the situation to the best of his capabilities to discover an alternative out for him and Bucky. "… After all, no one, not even a potent werewolf like the assist was able to shake off the sedative as you did, it was intriguing how you were able to wake up after two hours, most victims of the sedative regain their conciseness after three days. The next time, you woke up after an hour! I'm spectating that your body is becoming immune to it; such a fascination, I believe that's what happens when you don't have a designation to ground you is it, Commander Rogers?" Steven had missed the first part of the dialogue, not that he cared for, his body was tensing in revolt when he saw the ravenous look in Zola's eyes when he studied his body.
/Warning/: This chapter contains cursing, darkness, horror elements, creepiness, torture (Mentioned); Steve is so in love! And who knows what! All reviews are appreciated.
The necklace was so beautiful, so elegant and pretty that Tony couldn't take his eyes away from the necklace that was decorating his neck; Tony couldn't help but feel that his Mother was with him, he nearly swore that he felt her standing beside him. Tony couldn't help the feelings that were bubbling inside. "Thank you." Tony whispered as he gazed at his father through the mirror.
Steven and the Avengers finally returning from their hunt, thankfully they were able to defeat Hydra, this time with no causalities, and they were able to destroy Project Inside before it was even launched. Not finding Tony anywhere, Steven went to search for him, that's when he found him in his workshop crying; Steven not being able to handle seeing Tony in tears went and sat with him waiting for Tony to tell him what's wrong.
"Everything…" Tony started, biting his lower lips as he held his baby tightly, wondering if the truth he was after was going to do him any good. "Anything, starting with you telling me what's Steven Rogers's relation with my baby, what did he do to her?" Tony asked, fear taking hold of him at the thought of the nagging suspicion of Morgan not being his being confirm; Tony can't handle it if Morgan turns out to be not his daughter, he was going to lose it, he was going to lose it and he doesn't know how he was going to handle the fallout.
/Warning/: This chapter contains cursing, darkness (The last part of the chapter is pretty dark so…), horror elements, creepiness, torture (Mentioned); fluff, Steve is so in love and kissing! And who knows what! All reviews are appreciated.
Tony began to thrust faster and deeper the more Steve spoke. His movements became more haphazard as he got closer to his climax. Steve raked his nails down Tony's chest, letting out a strangled 'fuck' on a particularly good thrust. Steve locked eyes with the man beneath him and smiled. "Mark me, make me yours. Knot me,
when he was known to never take any survivor not even a babe recently birth… except… Jamti sighed at that and returned his gaze to the Omega that was surrounded by his people as they tried to shield him away from everyone's eyes. "Come on foolish princess, we do not have the whole day for you to pretty up!" Starkad snapped at the Omega which got him glares and hisses from the people surrounded the said Omega.
He waited, listening intently as the soldier got closer. As Bucky got closer. Was there a difference between them? Time to find out.
"--I'm trying to negotiate with SHIELD about getting you a temporary pass to Switerzland, but worst case scenario, there's a secretariat in North Carolina where we can carry on with the proceedings."
at him-- that was horrible.  There was nothing Steve could imagine that would ever throw them into that sort of conflict.
And then, just like that, there was someone in front of Steve and he slammed into them and the two went sprawling across the rooftop, sliding several feet in the snow.  Someone was swearing, loudly, in Russian. "Oh, fuck, I think he broke my arm!"
"They found him. My neighbor said a bunch of men in suits are at the apartment. I tried to call Donner; he's out shopping right now, but he
Steve had been expecting to wake up alone but still wasn't happy about it. The sheets were cold and pushed back, suggestive of what should have been there. He sighed and sat up, rubbing a hand over his face. He found a text from Aria on his phone saying that she and Pepper weren't coming around today to give them space. He replied with a quick thanks.
"Okay.  Welp. Time to get dressed," said Tony.  He gave Steve's ass a friendly slap. His ejaculate was dripping down Steve's inner thigh.  Tony felt a pang of pride in that.
The Alpha in him, instinctually, wanted to protect Steve.  Wanted to lock him up and guard him and never let him out. But it was the twenty-first century and Steve was a person, not some toy poodle, and Tony knew, logically, he had to let the guy go.
"...Tony?"  It was Natasha.  Though there was a lot of background noise.  It sounded like she at a fucking preschool or something.
Steve rolled onto his front, arms folded under his chin. He didn't think he could sleep but he could, at least, appreciate the quiet. There had been so much
Steve could hear bird song as he closed his eyes and floated on his back. It was pleasant, serene and he felt better already. The echo of Bucky's thoughts in his head distant and no longer so unnerving. He let his eyes slip and heard Tony pad off into the house, smirking a little when he felt a little twinge of arousal in his own belly. But it wasn't his own. It was almost cute... how polite Tony was being about it.
"Yeah, I'm so glad I have a regular name," interjected George.  "Seriously, it's old-fashioned to name kids differently if they're omegas."  He was speaking a little too loudly and quickly.
"He already has a blond, though, doesn't he?  So maybe he'll go for Twelve since she's got dark hair," said Seven, a bit nastily, clearly upset at Sixteen's cheerful, excited preening.
She walked through the living room, Phil not even hearing her come by because the music was so loud, and stepped into the kitchen a little hesitantly. Pepper glanced down quickly to see them tangled together on the floor and quickly shot her gaze up to the ceiling. She knew the kitchen well enough to feel her way around it. "I'm not looking," she assured them (well, Steve). "Tony, what do you want?"
Both of them agreed that heats were not nearly as romantic or sexy as they were portrayed in the media.
, Charlotte," said Derick grouchily.  Since Steve's ball had gone off the table, Charlotte could place it where she wanted, and she was taking her time in deciding.  She was obviously getting over-competitive.  When she missed, she reacted in a way that implied she was taking the game very, very seriously.
"I really don't know how I'm supposed to see Malick today after all this," Steve sighed, feeling weary. "I don't even like him."
"Thanks Phil!" Steve called back, though his mind was on other things as Tony's hands pulled him through into the kitchen. Phil had turned the music up to max and the floor was nearly vibrating. Steve couldn't blame him. He wouldn't want to hear other people at it on his heat either. He went to shut the door and then dumbly realized that the kitchen didn't have one, just an artsy archway that curved into a pretty pattern at the top.
At least at the beginning, it was always nice.  No doubt within a few days both of them would be exhausted and sore and feel gross and want it to be over.  But at least for now, Tony was feeling deliciously high and sinfully aroused, and the way Steve's body gripped him was heavenly.
He turned when he finally heard the door opening.  Three people walked in. Rhodey was taken back. He had been told about Donner, yes, but he was still unprepared.  From the neck up, Donner looked
If it weren't for the fact that Natasha was standing on the porch, holding up a hand in greeting, Steve would have assumed he was somehow in the wrong place.
Steve's body shuddered him, his forehead clammy against the floor. "T-Tony..." he gasped out. "Please. I just need something inside of me.
With some awkward negotiating to get Tony out of the picture Phil managed to snap a few pictures of Steve's neck and the bruise there. "What's going to happen?" Steve asked. "Are they gonna fire him?"  He didn't bother trying to keep the hopefulness out of his voice.  He wanted justice served; the
"If you're going out again I might go see the crowd outside," Steve said tentatively. "Say hi. Sign a few protest signs. I don't know. But I can't walk around without you in there and I've been banned from the omega area so..."
"Oh, come on, Laura, it's Steve.  He's practically family," said Clint, who was still bouncing Lila and trying to get her to calm down.  She looked like she couldn't even remember why she was upset.
"I hate fortune cookies," said Happy from the front seat, putting the car into gear and easing back into traffic.
Tony winced a little, reaching over to touch one of the ears.  "He's looking kind of ragged, isn't he? Well, to be fair, he's as old as I am."
Steve had never really imagined life after the army; he had always been a soldier.  But Steve was kind of in love with Granite. He'd always found babies cute (who didn't?!) but she was next level. And the fact that they were related only strengthened the connection. Donner kept saying stuff like 'you'll be Uncle Steve' and that made Steve feel all gooey inside, because Donner was comparing them as brothers. Granite herself was adorable. She liked to grab Steve's fingers when he held her and drool all over them. Steve knew Tony wasn't enamoured by her (something he simply couldn't understand) but he still tried to get him to hold her several times.  There was a special sort of peace that came with not having any more missions, with knowing his work with SHIELD was effectively over.
"Fuck me, I don't know, do I look like I speak Russian?" snapped Tony, leg jiggling impatiently, arms folded over his bare chest.  Even now, he subconsciously angled it so that his arms blocked most of the arc reactor.
"Hey. We're not putting any ideas in your head. This is just your sub-conscious, okay? There's not going to be a doctor, or five, triggering any simulations." He could feel how nervous his mate was and he could see it in the way Tony's eyes darted around like a fox. Steve sighed and run his thumb over the bumps of the engineer's knuckles.  It'll mostly be memories or things you've already thought of.  And I can still go in with you, if you want. Either way is fine. It's up to you."
Donner and Piper both sat without a hint of hesitation.  Tony recognized only one other omegas, DeSoto, by his black eye.
"I don't think I was really concerned about how my actions would affect myself at the time, else I wouldn't have done it," Steve pointed out quietly.
Tony peeked around to look at Steve's neck and cringed noticeably.  "Fuckin' Sagan, it looks like a tennis ball on the back of your neck, Steve."
He pulled his shirt off and tossed it aside, then grabbed a pillow and leaned over it, partially covering his chest.  It was an automatic movement.  Tony had taken home plenty of women in the last two years and he'd grown used to covering the worst of the scarring, the bright light that illuminated it.
In February, IUPAC formally refused to admit "badassium" to the periodic table of elements, forcing Tony to go with his second choice, edwinium.  Because they were still not allowed to leave the country, Tony gave his speech from New York, where Stark Industries was building a new tower that was to run solely on renewable energy sourced from an arc reactor powered by edwinium.  He and Steve toured it together as the finishing touches were being applied, navigating around contractor hardhats, toolboxes, drywall, and other such things.
Tony looked like he desperately wanted to say yes, but Pepper and Aria were already swooping in to save them.
"I'm going to go downstairs to take the suit off," said Tony as they walked toward the front door.  "You go see the doctor, I'll meet you in five. Ask Pepper to make me some espresso, I'm getting this crazy headache.  You know caffeine's supposed to help headaches?"
Cooper seemed to notice and, jealous of the attention, abandoned the dishes to commandeer Steve's attention.  "Want to see my room?" he asked eagerly.
She rarely expressed emotion as sincerely as this; concern was written all over her face. "I'll call you tomorrow," Steve promised. "But I've literally had two weeks of playing at being someone I'm not. I need some time to myself right now, Nat; I'm sorry." He took the call, holding the phone to his ear.  "Hello?" He frowned for a moment when he heard nothing. Steve couldn't even hear breathing. "Wonderful, now someone's butt-dialed me..." He sighed and rolled his eyes.  Natasha smiled a little at his use of the term "butt-dialed;" the first time he had heard it, he'd blushed crimson.  "I'll speak to you tomorrow Nat," he told her firmly and then turned, heading into the lobby of his building.
Tony closed his eyes floated placidly, soaking up the sun, sipping his beer.  "HEY, JARVIS!" he yelled.
"Tsssshhh... bad connection... tsssshhh..." said Tony.  He hung up, heart hammering.  He definitely wasn't pair-bonding.  Definitely not.  Wasn't courting.  No.  He wasn't sure where all these feelings about Steve were coming from, but ever since his heat, Tony had felt obsessed.  Pepper hadn't been any help.  She'd only made him worried.  She was right, too, about what a PR nightmare it would be if anyone happened to notice that Tony's omega PA had been fired.  Not that it was his problem.  It was hers- she the was CEO of Stark Industries- Tony was no longer in any real authoritative position.  He was equal parts consultant and mascot.  Nothing managerial.  Thank Tesla.
Tony returned with a menorah and a package.  He handed it to Steve; it was long as his arm and extraordinarily heavy.  Tony carried it in both arms, grunting with effort. The wrapping was lumpy and was, on inspection, graph paper, not actual wrapping paper; clearly, Tony had done it himself.
"I think you need to sleep it off, first.  Steve can take you home," said Natasha.  She pulled out her phone and began texting on it.
"Look, Steve, Pepper packed me a gift.  Co-- Colan-- well I dunno how to pronounce it, but these are neat," said Tony, holding up his wrist to show Steve.  "...now where the hell's the key?" He began unpacking, tossing clothes onto the floor. Steve packed neatly, everything folded.  Typical.
"While they still have that witch with them I'm useless," Steve shrugged. "You can't ever be sure it's me."
He stopped speaking when the girl climbed into his lap and watched in fascination as she grabbed one of the strings of his hoodie and began to nibble on it.
"I'd just like to say one thing..." His voice was scratchy against the mic. "We are people and we are priceless!"
"--just last June, actually-- oh, hi again!" said Eric, moving aside to make room for Tony.  "Sean, this is the one and only Tony Stark."
"Good man, Jarv."  Tony looked over the Expo, as if he might conveniently had to spot Vanko strolling down the thoroughfare.  Only panicking crowds and the occasional rogue drone shooting anti-aircraft artillery at him.
Steve shuddered as Tony licked into his mouth then came inside of him, almost suddenly. The sensation of being filled was enough to drive Steve over the edge. He rode out his orgasm with a high-pitched cry, his head thrown back, as Tony's hands squeezed at his waist and Steve's insides squeezed at his Alpha's cock. Even with the condom on it felt so
Steve appeared by Tony's side, letting their fingers brush together behind the privacy of the breakfast bar.
"--by the time I was thirteen, he'd just about given up," said Richard.  "My three older sisters were all betas and my pop was completely distraught.  Then one day we were taking a walk around the lake and I was trying to stay away from him 'cause I knew he'd chuck me in, and I walked through a goose's nest, stomped right all over these eggs, and you
how I was so... so not-assertive.  But not Dad. He was just disappointed.  ...did you know he gave me my first drink when I was eight?  Trying to toughen me up, I guess. .
"What's it like being with Tony Stark? He good in bed?" Joan asked bluntly, her voice still awfully sweet. Steve gently moved their hands away.
Steve landed on the Winter Soldier heavily, knocking the gun out of his hands as he threw himself against his back. They rolled for dominance, Steve throwing a punch to his jaw whilst he took one to the gut. He twisted around, fisting a hand in the soldier's hair and wrenching his head back.
Even though they'd dismissed the call, it bugged Tony.  He liked knowing things, hated being out of the loop.  He was pretty sure it had to be about the Expo, something he really didn't want to handle for at least a week.  Hadn't SHIELD said they'd taken over the investigation?  Tony would call Pepper later, have her prep a statement for him.  Right now Tony didn't want to relive the Expo; he was actively working to forget about it.  Seeing Steve in danger had been one of the worst experiences of his life.  Right now, he just wanted to focus on this, on their bodies slotted together like puzzle pieces, on the ride and fall of Steve's back as he breathed, his breath syncing automatically with Tony's.
..."  He wrapped his arms around Steve's broad torso, burying his face between the other's shoulder blades, breathing in his scent.  He'd gotten so used to Steve smelling weird that he's stopped noticing. But now that Steve smelled like himself again, Tony couldn't even believe how much he had missed it, how Steve's scent sang to him, how perfect their bond felt, like they were two puzzle pieces that had been snapped together.
"Oh you did look so silly with those little wings on your face. Did Philip ever give you that outfit back?"
"Ahem," said Tony.  "Well. Now it's late and everyone's tired so... let's go to bed, okay?"  He had gotten off easy, he knew. But Pepper had a look of determined curiosity and he knew she would ask Steve about the rabbit later and then probably tell Aria.
"You look so good in blue," he said lovingly, reaching up to finger Steve's throat, to trace the line of his collar.
Steve didn't reply. He was standing now, looking determined as hell as he stared Tony down. Neither Alpha nor omega moved and neither of them looked at Phil either. He was beginning to hover quite awkwardly.
Donner obediently opened the bottle of water and sipped it, still fighting back tears.  He wished there were some way he could contact Gideon and beg for his old life back. Giddy wasn't the best Alpha in the world but he wasn't the worst, either.  Donner had always felt useful, at least.
"They said he ran away but DeSoto thinks he might have been taken to the auctions," Steve said. "I know you think Clint wants gone with his past but maybe-- maybe I could track him down."
"The Maximoffs are children.  They do not understand, like I do, just how grand our mission is.  The world is a terrible place, soldier. People, they think they want freedom, but look at how badly they've shaped their own lives.  This, you know. This, omegas know. When you give up control, how much happier you are. There is no struggle to make decisions, and no guilt, and no regret.  The world is better in the hands of those who know how to care for it. Just as I care for you, HYDRA will someday care for the world. Direct it, discipline it.  And then we will enter a golden age of true freedom. Freedom to grow, expand... progress,
Tony suddenly felt a splitting pang behind his eyes; it was like someone had just driven a screwdriver through his head.
"You do know I've always been a little shit, right?" Steve breathed and he almost smiled. But then his expression became more serious again. "And I'm not trying to undermine you. That's never my intention. I'm impulsive. I'm good at acting without thinking about the consequences... well, that's what Peg says, anyway." He sighed softly and let his eyes slip shut for a moment.
The idea of distracting themselves and focusing on each other was appealing. It was exactly what Steve needed in that moment. They grabbed towels on the way out (and the condoms; Steve did, admittedly, turn a little pink when he grabbed them.) Then they headed down to the pool. The gardens had high walls around them so there was a sense of security and privacy. Steve felt safe here, despite being outside.  The only part of Tony's estate not protected by fences, hedges, and high-tech security was the western border, which was a sheer cliff-face that fell into the Pacific ocean.  There was a tiny strip of beach down there but as far as Steve knew, it was utterly inaccessible from Tony's house.
It was his gaze, more than Pepper's scolding, that made Tony go grab a pair of shorts and a t-shirt.
In the living room, Phil pushed his half-eaten sandwich out of his nest, feeling sick himself.  Not uncommon during heats. His phone pinged and he checked it. A text from Fury; the World Security Council was
They ended up seeing the video.  Everyone had, really; it played over and over on the news and with their frequent visits to bus terminals and complimentary continental breakfasts at seedy motels, they couldn't easily avoid it.
," interrupted Tiberius.  "That's what the brochure said.  Only the absolute latest and greatest techniques.  Psychotherapy, hypnotherapy, hormone therapy... if you name a chemical, they probably injected it into someone.  And did you know they pioneered the modern arvicolinectomy?"
"Tony won't have a meltdown if I'm in danger. In fact, it will probably make him more efficient. It certainly did on the race track in Monaco," Steve pointed out coolly. "We are not the liability here. And until this first period, the honeymoon thing, is over for us, you really have no right to wind him up over it."
again. He was shaking with excitement too. They'd done it! Oh Malick was so in for it, and Steve would be glad about it too...if he wasn't terribly worried for Donner. He seemed so sweet...he deserved better.
. I want to buy the simplest, shittiest collar in existence and I want it to flammable so I can burn the fucking thing the minute I don't have to wear it."
cold," said Tony.  Steve was shivering against him, hard, but his skin felt, to Tony, at least, quite hot.  But Tony wasn't a good judge of that. Steve always felt feverish to him. "It's okay, Steve... I've got you, omega... you're with me, you're safe..."
Coulson didn't budge.  Finally, Tony shrugged.  If Coulson was a hallucination, he was a damned stubborn one.
"Sir, Miss Potts would like to know if you've eaten anything in the last twenty-four hours," said JARVIS.
He followed Steve out to the back deck, watching as Steve stripped and dove into the pool.  He grabbed the pamphlet on the way out to look it over, along with the bottle of vodka and the carton of orange juice.
"...early thirties, huh?" he said.  "...I bet this squirrel costume helps knock off a few years, too... y'know, I think it's actually a chipmunk or a hedgehog or something.  No tail, see? Well, there's a nub... you think Malick is gonna have to
Their attention turned back to the range.  Tony looked very much like a civilian; he had thrown on a suit jacket but was wearing a t-shirt underneath and his shoes, clearly worn for comfort, mismatched his slacks.  He took a semi-automatic delicately from one of the sergeants, checked it over, and then fired off a round with surprising ease.
But then his eye caught another person in the room.  A young man was standing against the far wall, watching them.  He wasn't in a lab coat, or any sort of uniform. He was wearing a pair of track pants and a t-shirt, and his long hair was threatening to fall into his eyes.  He had a goatee, the same silvery blond as his hair. Tony wasn't sure how he hadn't noticed him before. He was an omega. He didn't look at all upset or concerned; he was eyeing them with bored curiosity.
The third hostile had pulled a firearm and was aiming for Fury, but with the Winter Soldier scrambling all over his back, he was having trouble aiming.
Bucky hesitated but obeyed.  He didn't know what else to do.  The General was watching the suit as if he was in charge and they unlocked the cell door with an electronic device, and he slipped in, hearing the door beep closed behind him.
It was true.  The room reeked like omega heat and every Alpha was responding to it.  Only Mackenzie, a beta, and Donner, an omega, were unaffected.
"Okay, someone get him something to eat," said Phil, who looked like he was ready to lose patience too.
Steve was gripping Tony's hand too tightly, he realised. He winced and loosened his grip. Had he hurt him? Oh god, had he?
"Military identification tags are printed with the name of the soldier, the soldier's identification number, vaccination information, blood type, and religion."
.  Now what, now that he was all big and muscular, he was going to dangle this over Bucky's head?  Just to watch him squirm?
?  Every time I ever bit your neck, I felt like I was going crazy.  How does anyone have that much self-control? Or is he just so fucked up in the head he doesn't do stuff unless they tell him to?  What's his
Of course he did.  Except that Steve wasn't "his" omega.  Some other Alpha had claimed him and Steve hadn't thought it was important to mention.  Sure, maybe Tony could track the guy down, fight over Steve.  But what was the point?  If the guy was still alive he was ancient; what would he prove by beating up an old man?  And Tony wasn't a dominant Alpha- he never had been.  Winning a fight against a disabled opponent wouldn't count for much if the other guy's dominance ranking was higher than his.  Kicking the ass of an elderly man would not raise his dominance; it was an inherent part of him, as much as his eye color or height was.
"инициировать самоуничтожение!" yelled Vanko.  Even if Tony was capable of making out words, it wouldn't have mattered.  He didn't speak Russian.
He cried out when Tony first thrust into him, the head of his dick pressed just against Steve's prostate. His fingers dug into the couch. He was pretty sure he heard a ripping sound...
Donner tensed and his back arched; he cringed and let out a muffled cry.  "Y-yes... I--- I want that, please, it hurts..."
Steve was talking; Tony curled up again around him, listening to the rumble of his voice without really processing the words.  He could tell it was late morning by the light but he felt groggy and didn't want to come awake yet.  He wanted to stay in bed and snuggle.
"Oh, boy, that's great, Rich," said one of the other men, Harry, wiping a tear from his eye.  "Me, I just came downstairs one day and announced it. And my mother said, ooh, how did you find out?  And I didn't know how to tell her, well, I'm a fourteen-year-old boy, ma, how do you think, I discovered my fucking knot, didn't I?"
A shadow passed over Kerry's face, a brief look of disapproval.  "He's on the phone," she said, pointing toward one of the cubicles in the back.  "...with Luke," she added, a note of disgust in her voice.
over and over in his head.  There was no foreplay and no preparation; Tony pushed himself into Steve's wet, inviting entrance with a groan of satisfaction, finally getting exactly what he wanted.  He settled down on top of Steve, still woozy but compelled to pump his omega full of his seed. Within only a few minutes, Steve was wet and stretched enough to take the knot.  Both of them relaxed a little with the fulfillment. Steve was only in preheat still, but in a matter of hours his heat would be full-blown and then the two of them would both be out of their minds for days.
"Mr. Stark has instructed me to inform you to go hell.  I have inferred this to mean he prefers not to be bothered," said JARVIS.
When he returned to the bare, depressing, cracked-pavement parking lot of the motel, he let himself in quickly.  The room was dim and smelled like musty disinfectant. Bucky was sitting crossed-legged on the bed, watching
"Oh my God! Is that him? Is that Mr. Stark?" Sixteen asked in a whisper, leaning into Steve's space. "Are you sure he won't buy me?"
of Sokovia.  ("It's near the Ukraine, bordering Bulgaria.  It's tiny. Smaller than Moldova," Obadiah had said over cigars one evening.  "Where the hell's Bulgaria?" asked Tony, who had also never heard of Moldova. "Doesn't matter.  We're not supplying them with weapons, anyway. We're government contractors. All those people out there, they're just a bunch of bleeding-heart liberals who need a bad guy to rally against.  But we're not the bad guys, Tony. Remember that," said Obadiah. Tony had felt a sense of relief that he had nothing to do with Sokovia or Slovakia or whatever the hell it was called, and never gave it second thought.)
, if anything's offered to him, you take it, he doesn't like being handed things, page eight is a summary of--"
"Do you know what it means when an omega is off their suppressants?" Steve asked curiously, focusing on the feeling of fingertips trailing down his back. He was half tempted to ask Tony to take his top off altogether.
"Seventy years is a long time," Steve whispered. "God knows what they've done to him. He could have changed a lot. You don't have to believe me Tony, but you know what I think."
, another nonsense word.  That man wasn't supposed to say that.  No.  That man could only call him--
Tony edged very slightly away when Frond began lighting up, but relaxed when he saw she had purposely put herself downwind and was blowing the smoke away from him.
"I scheduled time for you two to do some of the things Steve might be interested in.  Statue of Liberty, Coney Island, a trip to Brooklyn--"
"Not even the episode where she gets a job in a chocolate factory?" asked Fred, eyes widening teasingly.
Then Happy moved around to open the door and the noise hit them like a wave. Steve's face must have been portraying a lot because Aria pulled a pair of RayBan glasses out and shoved them onto his face, muttering something about 'emergency sunglasses.'
Tony gently put a hand on Steve's chest and pushed him back. "Lie back. Legs spread," he said, crawling onto the bed and kissing Steve's chest.  It rose and fell under Tony's lips and he was struck, all over again, with just how big Steve was, his pecs, his biceps... Steve looked like he could flip a car over.
Tony liked this new game.  Tony would never admit it, not in a million years, but he was a sucker for uniforms.  Maybe it was just the power they represented.  But he'd never seen Steve, in real life, dressed in his, and it was a thought he'd turned over a few times since discovering Steve's identity.  That was probably what Steve would be wearing to the White House dinner and Tony was looking forward to it.  Something about seeing an omega,
"We wait for Stark to wake up and we carry on," said Fury, clasping his hands behind his back.  His face was expressionless.
A moment later he felt something snake around his shoulder and he was yanked off his feet by the other man, just as effortlessly as Tony had yanked up Steve seconds earlier.
Steve came around to Bucky's side.  Bucky stared at him blankly; Steve pushed him into the passenger's side.  Bucky almost laughed when he realized Steve wanted to drive. A
He wasn't sure what to do without Steve here, exactly; he would normally make a beeline for the bar but his stomach was still a bit unsettled.  He checked out the program to see if there was anything good.
"You're going to have a panic attack."  Pepper hated to admit it, but she'd seen this coming a million miles away.  Tony reacted to commitment like he was allergic to it. Frankly, she was impressed she and Steve had managed for seven months without any upsets.
"It's good tears. I promise," Steve reached up to rub at his eyes. "It's-- it's good tears." He sniffed. "Promise."
"This was the right thing to do," Steve reiterated. "I know that. But it doesn't feel...good? That sounds stupid." It didn't really. He was a soldier. There were two more in the room. They knew exactly what that meant. But this hadn't been shooting a bad guy. It had been saving a guy from hell.  Shouldn't saving a person feel better than shooting one?
Steve and Tony headed back into the hotel and the people at the reception desk gave them an enthusiastic welcome. Steve offered them a polite smile and a wave. They stepped into the elevator; it was empty.
Steve tried to get Tony to look after himself better, sure. He made him wear that cute little Santa waistcoat. But he didn't really ask for things, did he? He never made demands or enforced them.  Tony did whatever he wanted.  And Steve let him because he didn't believe in forcing another person to do something they didn't want to.
At the end of it, they all got up and shook hands.  The Dora Milaje stepped a little closer to T'Chaka, like a pride of lionesses, ever-vigilant in their protection of the king.
Doctor Kate McCloud really hadn't been having a good day. Being an ER doctor was stressful enough as it was. It didn't help that her ex was trying to get full custody in their divorce settlement, that his new girlfriend was now pregnant and that that morning, Kate's boiler had broken down and she'd had to take a cold shower. That night she'd already amputated a man's mangled leg from a car crash and had a 80-year-old die on her after a second heart attack. So, Kate wasn't in a particularly good mood as it was. She was obviously too busy to have been paying attention to the news and hadn't really been keeping up with the whole Captain America drama anyway. She was an omega who'd married another omega- she'd done the whole "defying stereotypes" shit in her twenties. Now, she was focused on saving lives.
"Who's picking us up?" asked Tony, pulling off the covers and stretching himself out.  He ruffled Steve's hair before realizing Steve was already in uniform. He looked over it critically and felt a little better.  Kevlar, Nomex... Tony was familiar with these materials and he was glad Steve was wearing them. If he got shot at, he wouldn't die.  Knowing Steve, probably wouldn't even bruise much. For some reason, he'd pictured Steve in jeans and a plain white t-shirt... maybe because that's how Steve dressed, that's how he'd burst into the White House.  Tony had forgotten all about the Captain America get-up. It was reassuring to see him in something appropriate for fighting.
"The poker game always gets heated so we go in and break it up," explained Hal.  "You know how competitive Aces are. Besides, it's better to stop it before the stakes get too high.  Last year I think Donner got traded for an entire week... HEY! DONNER! HOW MANY NIGHTS WAS IT, LAST YEAR?"
two adorable children. He didn't even question it at the end; he was so sucked in by it. The domesticity of it all had been addictive and a part of him hadn't wanted to ever leave. He got it, or rather, he couldn't question it. And seeing a trio so
"And you don't have to run it," Steve assured her. "I think it needs to be, you know...an O who runs it. Otherwise we're missing the point."
Fury listened patiently.  His eye darted toward the window after Steve's, then back to Steve's face.  "Ever think that maybe HYDRA doesn't want to kill you?  Maybe they want to recruit you.  Maybe they want to breed you.  You're a valuable asset, Rogers.  And regardless of whether your ex was shitty or not, he's still in your head, and you associate him with Public Enemy Number One.  And not only are they in your head, but, by extension, Stark's.  Which brings me back to my original point.  This is a major issue for SHIELD.  The sooner we track down Barnes, the sooner we can figure out how HYDRA is playing these little mind games.  If you want to help us find--"
Tiberius certainly wouldn't take advantage and try to take photos or get information or anything like that. They could trust him.
Steve threw his wallet at a woman outside of the ER with some difficulty. "You. You take that car, drive it as far as you can from here for ten minutes then get the fuck away from it." He must have looked quite alarming, standing there with a dying man in his arms and covered in blood. The woman just nodded, pale, and she drove off.
Tony looked over at his omega and after a moment's consideration reached for his hand.  Relief washed over him when Steve took it and smiled at him.  Maybe she was right.  Maybe he did have a family now, after all.
"Right," Steve said, eyes on the director. His expression was blank and impassive, impossible to read. He looked over the scientists carefully. No more syringes, thank God.
Pepper and Aria lunged together, shoving Wanda to the ground, pining her hands behind her back.  "Gleason! Sedate them!" demanded Pepper.
"Least we know why Tony was so obsessed with chasing skirt this morning," Aria sighed, her shoulders easing a little. Her rant to Pepper was long forgotten and hopefully wouldn't come up again. Steve had warned her he was due around Christmas but she hadn't expected it today. She was used to pairs who were more on top of this, but then, Steve's hadn't yet become regular. Seven months was longer than the usual omega would go between heats.
"...JARVIS... scan this model.  Scan it, I need... I need a digital render.  ...Steve.  Steve, look at it.  He made it for me.  Look.  Not the Expo.  The
Pepper hummed, sounding unconvinced. "True. Well, it's late Steve...let me know how it goes. I probably won't see you two until the board meetings. But call if you need anything," she said and then she surprised Steve by pulling him into a hug. She squeezed him. "Thank you," Pepper murmured. "For being here. You have no idea."
"Steve.  They chose you because you were the best.  You were the only omega in that program," said Tony firmly.  Steve had told him all about boot camp, about being surrounded by a group of Alphas a head taller than him, who barely looked at him, who ran faster and jumped higher and threw farther.  "They wouldn't have ever let you in that program in the first place if they didn't think you had chutzpah."
"...twenty-fifth anniversary.  It's a doozy," said Pepper, pinching the bridge of her nose again.  "It's about forty minutes to Silverlake. Maybe he'll be a bit... better after a nap.  If not we'll just leave him in the backseat." (Tony occasionally couldn't be woken; more than once, Steve had found Tony on the back deck or the kitchen counter or the floor of the living room with a blanket draped over him, courtesy of Pepper, who informed Steve that, thanks to him, Tony's frequency of sleeping in an actual bed had gone up dramatically.)
"You've got us," Danielle emphasised, kneeling down too with her hand on Banksy's arm. "It'll be okay."
"Sir, would you like to turn on the autopilot?  Your current course so far has suggested that your inebriation has compromised your ability to fly."
"I really don't think he knows where they took him," said Phil.  "Unfortunately, he's probably telling the truth."
Tony practically flung himself into the car.  "We gotta find Steve, we gotta find him, we gotta--" Tony was babbling.
"Can you divert some of the funds from the Maria Stark foundation to the refugees in northern Wakanda?" asked Tony as he stepped into the shower.
Yes.  Closer.  The voice was fading in, and Steve was suddenly aware of music playing faintly from an old record.
"Magda Gutierrez, 56, of the Bronx, New York... Marcus Sinclair, 23, of St. Louis, Missouri... Monique Cutlass, 19, of Brooklyn, New York... Daniel Prescott, 35, of Ithaca, New York... Leonard Rothstein, 20, of Los Angeles, California... and Lorraine Babbitt, 59, of Baltimore, Maryland."
"Oh, great, thank--" began Tony, but stopped.  The name on the card was for Madeline Turner, not Gene Bennett.  "--wait, you gave me the wrong--"
Stone just hummed. Steve was feeling judged again. Was this just how Ty was, or was this actually because of Tony? Because if it was, that wasn't exactly fair on him.
He stared at the picture, wondering how things could have been if they hadn't gone out that night.  Or if the weather had been better. Or if his father had, for once, not had anything to drink.
about your relationship.  This is about whether or not he has vulnerabilities that can be exploited.  I know you and him are feeling all lovey-dovey and you just came off your honeymoon, but think for one goddamn moment.  You think HYDRA would pause for a split second before they exploited your bond?  Huh?"
It occurred to Tony how unfair it was, in a sense, that omegas were so completely wired for sex.  They had a dick, they had... whatever the hell Gleason had called Steve's ass.... right, cloaca.... and they had those scent glands behind their ears...
"Um. Steve.  Your birthday is July 4th," said Tony.  Someone chuckled. Tony ignored them; no one seemed to see the problem.  "Steve, July fourth is..." He did the math in his head. "...a hundred and seventy-two days from when your last heat started."  Still, blank look.
"Best birthday present ever," Steve whispered, more than little stunned himself. "Do you... do you maybe want to sit down, Donner?"
He pulled his shirt over his head then before pulling the white tee on. Aria sighed. The breakfast bar offered him semi-decency as he chucked off his pants and made to pull on the jeans. He was clearly eager to be naked, if only briefly. "Steve!" Aria huffed and had to reach forward to button up his jeans for him when he became distracted by the grapes in the fruit bowl.
"Steve's political jokes have to be non-partisan.  Remember, President Ellis is a Republican and he's on our side," and Aria humorlessly.  "Just stick to the scripts, Rogers."
Steve was peering at the box again, trying to pry off the lid. But it was hard because his fingers wouldn't stop shaking.
"They'll try and get the interview done in two hours. But you know how it is," Aria glanced over at the living room. "They should be set up soon..."
"Literally nothing you could do could persuade me," said Tony with fake seriousness, wiggling his hips a little at Steve, letting the sheet bunch up around his waist.  He caught his eye and winked, then grabbed the pillow and pulled it over his face.
"It was only last week, they can't... they can't just kill him... we can find him, Steve, we gotta, we gotta have George call up Gene Bennett and ask about him..." said Tony, talking too fast, panicking.  He opened the car door before Happy had even stopped the car in front of the office building.
At last Tony couldn't be scared of Steve leaving him for Bucky now, now that they knew he was barely a person. He was broken. He was a shell. He needed therapy, and friends. Not a mate. Steve wasn't sure if he could ever be capable of that after what they'd done to him. And he certainly wasn't capable of consenting to anything more.
Tony lay there, breathing hard, concentrating on the rhythm of his breaths.  One hand was on his chest, feeling the arc reactor, its warmth a comforting reminder that he was alive.  Behind him, he heard vomiting, and Natasha's low voice.
Tony relaxed in the suit and jetted due east, admiring the beauty of the world below him, the streets lit up with the orange glow of streetlamps, their courses painted with the red of taillights and the white of headlights.  Tony had always liked driving at night.
"Okay. We can go out and get Italian. Okay." Steve whispered and pulled Tony against his chest. On instinct he was hugging him, wrapping his arms around Tony tightly. There was something in his Alpha's eyes, a pain he wanted to be able to fix. "But have one drink with lunch and one with dinner?" He asked, knowing it would lessen the damage if Tony drank with food. Steve pulled back a fraction. "If you can do that," he whispered into Tony's ear, words slow and teasing. "I'll let you do whatever you want to me in between."
And then nothing more was said as Sam returned with clothes and a first aid kit he'd found in the bathroom. Pepper cleaned up the wound, not wanting Steve to smell of Sam later, and then patched it up best she could before they both worked on getting Steve into a tee and a pair of running shorts. They were the most comfortable clothes Sam could find.
Steve didn't think he'd seen Tony this serious before. Okay, maybe once. Maybe when he was sat by Steve's bed in the hospital and they were waiting to see what Gleason had to say about his neck. That moment felt world's away now. He knew that their father-son relationship was complicated, even more so about Steve's revelation on what Howard had tried to get up to. But it had felt good to tell him, in a weird way, Steve hadn't liked it hanging over them.
Occasionally, Steve thought about the other agents, the ones who were still active: namely, Clint, a fellow omega.  He went to spend time with Clint and his family in the early spring. And when he came back home to Tony he instantly felt bad for lying. He tried to bring up telling Tony once, with Clint, but he obviously didn't want to. And Steve couldn't make him.
Steve hadn't bothered to correct the scientists that they would "bang on their own."  Steve had no intention of having sex with anyone, currently, and it was laughable to think he'd want that in his current condition. He needed to delay the inducer for as long as possible. His gaze slowly crawled back to the blood on the wall:
He let JARVIS pick a new band for him and hopped onto a treadmill to watch music videos while he ran.  He found music videos to be a fascinating art form.  The fact that so many seemed pornographic was even more fascinating to him.  He wasn't sure if he actually liked a lot of modern music, but he appreciated that the rhythm was fast and the beat easy to run to.  Steve needed to run this out. Push the dream from his mind. It was disturbing as hell. Either he was going crazy, or the Winter Soldier had found some weakness in his mind and was exploiting it. But there was nothing in the dream that implied HYDRA was behind it.  It was like the Winter Soldier was a ghost, haunting Steve... but not for his own amusement. More out of confusion.
"Well then all you have to do is get him to show his true colours. Show Donner what a sleaze-bag Gideon really is," Sam said. It was a good thought but Steve wasn't sure if it would be that simple.
"Good morning, Steve," he chirped.  "...that session didn't last nearly as long as I'd expected.  I was waiting in the hall and I didn't get to finish the paper... but I thought you might need some entertainment more than me."  He passed Steve the newspaper.
Jack made a small sound in his arms and he mentally swore, because he knew what he had to do, and it wasn't going after Steve.  Every fiber in his body was screaming at him to get to his omega, cover him, protect him.  But that wouldn't be what Steve wanted.  Steve was selfless; Steve would want everyone to be safe, not just them.  Steve would want Tony to neutralize the threat.
"...Maxwell's Equations," exclaimed Tony quietly.  "This is... this is something else, Steve."  He turned and looked into Steve's eyes.  "...you didn't ruin it," he said.  "I like it.  Thank you.  It's... cheesy.  But modern.  I like it; I like installation pieces."
might be a little too nice for what she was," said Tony, tugging impatiently on his collar.  "...I can't believe Eric's so into her. He seems okay. Do you think he slaps Piper around? What the hell would he ever do it for?  Piper's so quiet and does everything he says..."
One of the crew passed Steve a full glass, which he downed immediately.  He was swaying a little, like he was dunk. Louis clasped his hands in his lap.
"I think we've all dealt with worse," Steve breathed and Malick smiled. His lips pulled too thin as he did so and Steve had to stop himself from grimacing. He'd never really considered himself an especially shallow man but Malick really was awfully unfortunate-looking.
Tony squirmed a little against Steve's grip, liking Steve's suggestion of the two of them heading back upstairs.  Steve's hands were still clutching his wrists.
"Kind of a major security issue, if a HYDRA agent is smelling like Barnes," said Natasha.  "And you realise that makes
"Some people probably did, but I certainly didn't. One pint of cider and I was on the floor," Steve said, remembering almost with a fondness. Bucky used to joke that at least Steve's lack of tolerance was cost effective. Whenever they went out to bars it had always been a treat (especially since most bars didn’t allow omegas) but Steve had gotten into fights too often... always with Alphas.
at Steve; the way he was glaring at him almost reminded him of that look his mother would wear when he'd been caught drawing on the walls.
"I won't be able to go running by the beach anymore, will I?" Steve said, realizing it aloud. He'd spent so much time stuck inside the house and now it was happening all over again.
"I'm sorry," said Tony suddenly.  "I'm sorry the forties sucked.  I'm trying, Steve. I'm trying to be a good Alpha for you.  And to be... open-minded and progressive and everything.  But I also... I don't want to be weak.  You know, my dad--"
Tony cringed, hating the idea of Steve being uncomfortable.  "Well, fix it, tell her... tell her I misspoke, tell her I meant something else."
"She's not your employee.  She's a CFO and co-CEO but strictly speaking, she's not employed by you, but the shareholders and the board," said Happy.
"Wanna grab a pie?" asked Bucky conversationally.  He was starving. Literally. Because he had no money and hadn't eaten in well over a day.  The idea of eating a pizza, a real Brooklyn pizza, along with a pitcher of beer and maybe a couple of cigarettes, was so appealing it made his mouth water just thinking about it.  He hadn't had food or beer or, most importantly, nicotine in well over forty-eight hours, and he felt like shit. "I went by Hanley's earlier. D'you know they let in horseshoes now?  What'd you say?"
If you're wondering what one of the authors was doing, the short answer was dressing up as Iron Man and meeting Tom Holland.  (As expected, he's a very nice guy.)  Shameless plug for potato-quality pictures: https://www.instagram.com/p/BiIHRGXgypb/
Tony set his forehead onto the table with a thunk and waited for the ground to open him up and swallow him.  He wished there were a reset button; he hadn't realized Steve disliked the trio system and he also hadn't realized how deep his own prejudices ran.  Was he trapped in a relationship with a radically progressive male omega now?  One that, by the smell of him, happened to be seconds away from bursting into tears because of him?
Tony's hands on Steve's hips felt warm and firm. He let out a whelp when he was tugged back onto Tony's cock before his Alpha began to fuck into him in earnest. Steve whimpered and groaned beneath him, his back arching up as he squirmed beneath him. "Tony-- Tony-- ah!" Steve pressed his forehead into the sheets, panting. "A-alpha...please..."
Steve sighed quietly as Tony's mouth moved over him, his hands moving up comfortably to curl over his alpha's shoulders. "Round two," he affirmed and whined low in his throat when he felt Tony thickening up between his thighs. It was the sweetest feeling there was.
"I'll ask Colonel Karpov if he'll let us out," he said.  He rarely asked for anything and when he did it was always a necessity.  This, he felt, qualified as a necessity, though. His omega wanted this and it was clear there would be no mating until Steve got his way (he'd always been stubborn).  "...he makes sure I get what I need," he added with conviction.
Steve frowned deeply as he followed the curve of the woman's lips. She was screaming. The same word over and over and soon Steve could make it out.
Fear was unknown to him.  He was finding the restless prickling feeling to be very, very unpleasant.  He gripped the sink's basin and heard a crack; looking down, his left hand had gripped too hard.  He pulled it away.  He hated it, sometimes.  His left arm itched constantly but he couldn't scratch it, and every movement made noise, whirrings, clickings, that he was always worried would compromise a mission.  Often he was required to be completely silent.  The mechanics of his left arm could make that difficult.
"...I'm almost positive your name is James Barnes," said Pietro.  "You write James more than any other word in there."
Two of his knuckles had turned a pinkish purple. It wasn't pretty. "I think Bucky punched a wall," Steve murmured, eyes still fixed on the table in front of him."I mean, I did.  I mean, Bucky did, while he was... in my body?"
must be your mate.  He's an unruly one, isn't he?  Very handsome, though. ...take off that collar, Stark, I'm not going to have Alphas making asses of themselves in my class.  Oh, Eric! Hi there! Good to see you again!"
Steve's neck was re-wrapped in cool, fresh bandages.  The nurse told him, gently, that there wasn't much they could do about the pain; they didn't want to use topical anesthetics because the wound had to be allowed to drain, and they couldn't risk making the infection worse, and besides, drugs worked completely differently on Steve because of the serum and now wasn't the time to try to figure out how much morphine to give Captain America.
Yeah, that'd go over well.  Tony was the one who had distanced himself from Steve in the first place.  And if he weren't such a weak Alpha to begin with, maybe Steve's body wouldn't have accepted the other mark.
Pepper was involved in social issues; Tony had long avoided them.  Now he was sitting almost-naked in the room of a guy who'd just cracked open the Pandora's Box of civil rights.
Steve to see him as powerful and strong, and instead, Steve was making him feel inadequate and disappointing.
Tony looked at Steve worriedly and shook his head.  "I talked to Pepper, but, Steve... I don't think I can get the money fast enough."
These people were strange and scary and Steve didn't like them. He was slowly curling in on himself.  Where the hell was Bucky?  Normally, when Steve found himself in a scrap, Bucky came right to the rescue!  This was the first time Steve had ever been in a scrap with
and that he shouldn't worry one bit because the two of them were working in tandem to make sure any interviews were well-controlled.
Rogers," said Tony, tracing the soft swell of Steve's lips with his fingers.  "...I guess that means you're in charge, huh?"  He didn't smile, but his eyes were bright.  The martini he had been sipping was sitting on the counter next to him, half-drunk, forgotten.  Tony liked this confident, flirty version of Steve.  He wanted to grab him and kiss him, bite him, throw him down and take him.  But he wasn't just joking around when he said Steve was in charge.  Steve was initiating and Tony wanted to give him the reins.  "You know... I'll follow any orders you give me...
"I'm here... it's okay, I'm here..." he mumbled into Steve's neck.  He let go of one wrist to reach down and find Steve's waistband, fumbling with his zipper.
"I just need some... air. I'll be like five minutes." Steve disappeared out through a door and ran through the halls until he found an egress.  He needed to be outside. When he got there, he slumped down, back against the building wall. It didn't feel real. Bucky couldn't be
, Steve.  Beverly Hills Parking Authority is ruthless like that.  Seriously, the Mark IV was never designed for flight, hurry up and open the window more, I'm coming in, move it..."
The sun was just beginning to rise. It was actually morning, time to get up; a new day had begun.  Being in the hospital had screwed with their body clocks.
"No, thank you, Steve," said Dr. Brazinski, rising.  "We just needed to touch base with you and... this seemed to be the best way.  Go to a few appointments and see if you get anything out of them.  We'd really prefer if you talked through your issues instead of creating conflicts to throw yourself in to."
Tony slept with women who were women.  Piper may have been nearly eighteen but she still would have probably gotten carded trying to get into a rated R movie.
He wasn't wrong; Steve was enjoying it.  It almost hurt, to fuck himself onto Tony's cock so thoroughly and yet deny himself such a simple pleasure. Steve wasn't just shaking from pleasure, but also frustration. His cheeks were flushed a reddened pink and he was gasping at the smallest shocks of pleasure up his spine. Steve whimpered, loudly, as he squirmed on Tony's dick and knot. He would be sore in the morning, even with the serum, after fucking himself onto Tony's cock so goddamn hard. Steve probably would have felt the soreness in the moment if he hadn't been so aroused.
"Well, then, he's right.  There's an obvious conflict of interest.  Let's call Pierce and ask if we can let them go home," said the colonel.  He pointed to one of the sergeants. "Simmons, go call Pierce and Fury. Gentlemen, this should only take a few minutes."
"PEGASUS," said Fury.  "There's cryo chambers there, and enough security to deal with him.  Plus, Barton's been assigned there to help guard..." He gave them a meaningful look.  "He can handle the Winter Soldier, in a worse-case scenario."
Melinda's expression softened a fraction. "You don't need to worry about me, Rogers." Her tone was affectionate. She held his shield out to him. "Catch you later folks," she breathed in a simple goodbye and winked at Pepper before she pulled away to an ominous looking black car on the curve. Normally she would have stayed with Steve until the hospital, but he had Tony now and she had no doubts he would be looked after.
Surreal.  That's what it was, surreal, the two of them sitting naked on the floor of Steve's living room, while the muted people on the television gesticulated wildly.
right and made him tug on the alpha's hair a little. His eyes rolled back in his head in pleasure and then fluttered shut. "
He wasn't able to mull over it for long, though, because the next thirty minutes were a whirlwind.  The house quickly became crowded with supermodels and athletes and foreign ambassadors and tech moguls in evening gowns and tuxedos, drinking flutes of champagne and trying to grab either Tony or Steve's attention.  Pepper got JARVIS to throw on some music and disappeared to find Aria and ask about the live entertainment. Tony took the opportunity of Pepper's absence to refill the flask he kept tucked in his jacket, just in case she tried to cut him off later in the evening.
as his body worked through the inducer. Another spasm and Steve jolted, falling down onto the ground as his knees gave way beneath him. The pain went away again but lingered achingly in his belly. It made him feel sick. He was so confused between pleasure and pain, his body dancing between the two.
"Okay, word of warning, Steve.  They're definitely going to be trying to get pictures of your neck.  Don't try to hide it but also, don't be surprised if you see it all over the front page tomorrow.  There's a ten-minute press conference and we've tried to exclude any questions that are too inappropriate, but it's possible that one will slip through the cracks.  Ultimately, the World Security Council screened a lot of the press but there might be one or two plants in there trying to discredit you or make you look bad. Just be yourself and don't let them trip you up.  Remember, you're representing your status and so you need to be calm and level-headed and sympathetic."
Tony will admit that it was the first time that someone chased after him with so much interest and dedication, but still, Rogers was an Addams! He wasn't normal; he was… well, a witch or a mutant is the closest thing someone can describe an Addams as. They weren't normal; they weren't fully human, and they probably eat babies on holidays.
Tony sighed to himself as he took a sip from his orange juice, smiling a little as he saw the pups running around the place squealing and laughing, playing whatever game entered their mind, Tony hummed a little only to pause as he heard someone screaming his name, and then once again something small run into his legs and hug him tightly, looking down Tony's jaw nearly fell on the ground, because there was… "Peter….?" Tony asked which made the pup look at him with a happy grin that caused the Omega to smile despite himself. "What did we say about running away like this?" Tony scolds gently as he ruffled the pup's hair which made the pup laugh at that and steps back, only then Tony noticed the toy in his hands.
"Oh, excuse me Ma'am I didn't realize, please, come in." Steve said as he led the woman to the living room, before going to prepare the beverages for his guest, wondering why the woman came here, or if Tony sent her because something happened, but the Omega shook that thought away, the woman probably wanted to see the person who was dating her… nephew?... Steve was never sure about Tony's relationship with the woman considering that the Alpha never talked about her that much and Steve only heard those snipped of information from Bucky, who to everyone's disbelief loved gossiping about everything and anything under the moon.
Entering the kitchen, Tony held in his sigh when he saw that Natasha had been waiting for him with a dark glare on her face; a glare that promised death and pain, causing Tony to shift in his place with a grimace. Now, Tony could have walked away without a care, he just has to turn around and leave the kitchen, that's it. But no! He was Tony Stark, and Tony Stark doesn't run away from a fight, even if the said fight was going to be with one of his teammates.
"Then it is good that I have kept my promise." The Alpha smiled before his lips twitched down, already informing Steven of the line of thoughts the man was thinking. "How did you end in the south, Stefán?" Nicolaus asked the curiosity and wonder were swimming in the man's eye, causing Steve to press his lips tightly to form a thin line.
"Hey, don't cry, why don't I help you to find your parent, OK?" Tony cooed wiping the tears that start falling from the pup's face. The pup gave a small nod and held tightly to Tony's hand when the Omega gave him his hand. "Can you tell me about your parent, what does he look like? Is he an Omega?" Tony questioned the pup gently, looking around the place for any frantic parent that was looking for a pup.
"I do not see why this would have stopped you, having a son is the same as not having one in every other person's eyes; it is a kill or be killed world, only the strongest can survive for a few more days before someone stronger than them show up, so why?" The king asked, and Steven smiled to himself, eyes going distant, his action caused the king to close his mouth, waiting for the answer he knows will come if he waited.
"M-me… why?" Steve asked which made the doctor look at Steve in silent for a long time, making Steve uncomfortable by that.
It was because of him, it was because of Tony; Steven Rogers died because of Tony, because of this fucked up lake and this fucked up house. How did Tony even manage to go back to the day that Steve Rogers died? '
Stunned, Tony couldn't help but let out a surprised laugh as he gazed at the baby, raising his other hand to open the kid's small mouth, his lips twitched up when he saw tiny fangs in the baby's otherwise barren gum. A mutant? It seems so with his strength and strangely out-of-place fangs, probably why his parents abandon him.
"Ah, I think you forget the person who lay in that bed was nothing but a liar, who even on his deathbed did nothing but ask for money, didn't they?" Howard stated, irritation coloring his voice causing Jarvis to hum thoughtfully like he was in deep thought, it was a minute or so before Jarvis shrugged his shoulders, not caring about the subject he opened.
"I came to wake you up." The Alpha said with gritted teeth as he saw the Omega hide the chain under his shirt while still keeping his glare up, and Starkad didn't even know why the Omega acted like a wild beast just for a silver chain, though his words made the Omega growl at him and pushed him away as he stood up, making the Alpha growl at that and stand from his kneeling position while keeping his glare.
"But dad, I studied yours and Dr. Erskine notes." Well, he may have taken a look at his father's journal; it was his father's fault for leaving it unattained. "If I remember correctly the serum turns Steve Rogers into the perfect spaceman." This is true, let's not lie about that. "So, basically beside the serum giving Captain America superhuman strength, speed, and agility, the Super Soldier Serum may theoretically of course unless you have a better explanation?" Tony asked and when he saw his father narrow his eyes he continued. "It can also give the Captain strange survival capabilities… maybe like surviving extreme low temperatures by preventing freezing of the blood through glycogenolysis…" Tony muttered but shrugged, he was an engineer he works with machines, and he didn't understand biology that much to spectate what will happen to a super-soldier.
"You'd have a hard time proving that," Tony retorted. "And he's not a scientist – he's no use to you here and he needs to be useful."
"I didn't," Tony protested. "But we're good – a good team, I mean. Saved each other's lives, yaddah yaddah. Someone's after the Avengers, or at least me and Steve. We watch each other's backs. Nat and Clint have each other. Jan keeps an eye on you for me – and, I suspect, Betty Ross."
He had to tell someone his conclusions and saying this to Tony would be far too painful. "I can handle not being Captain America," he said, "but I'm not Steve Rogers either, if he was the real Captain America."
Tony wasn't at all sure how to answer that, and Steve said nothing. "You worked hard for that Academy place," Tony said finally, "and I sure as hell don't want to put that in jeopardy."
The man who had just caught the shield on the rebound wore a pair of old blue jeans, now soaked in blood, and a leather jacket open over what had been a white T-shirt, but Tony would have recognised him anywhere. No one else moved with such combined speed and power.
"You were careful not to mention which birthday party you were celebrating when the helicarrier went down," he said. "Just how old are you?"
"Such things are only complicated if you make them so. Or do you have another lover who would object?"
Tony took a deep breath to yell, then let it out slowly. "Thank you," he heard himself say. "I may need to do that, but can we table it for the moment, until I've had a chance to consider my approach."
Tony's suspicions as to who was in that vehicle were confirmed when a question, originally in what was presumably Wakandan, arrived, in Italian, in the measured tones of his assigned interpreter.
It irritated Steve, though he could not have said why. He was tight with tension, wanting to hit something or, at least, work out for hours. The hotel possessed a fully equipped gym and, count them, three pools, but all were now closed for the night. No doubt Tony could have them opened for him, but he had no intention of letting him trouble the hotel staff.
"Are you going to tell us what the hell is going on?" Tony asked, trying to keep himself from issuing a challenge and not completely succeeding.
"You suspect someone flew one of these out on a helicopter? What are you smoking? Because that weed must pack a helluva kick."
"You're shivering and you're soaking wet," Stark pointed out. "If we go up to the house, you can shower and I'll find you some clothes and food. Do you think you can make it if I help you?"
Because of the delay, which Tony uncharitably put down to Colonel Danvers, it was getting late by the time he arrived back in Malibu. His housekeeper and staff would have long since gone home, leaving the house spotless and the refrigerator full of food.
"When Pepper arrived at the Tower she was trailing two SHIELD agents," Natasha explained. "Jarvis spotted them and Clint identified them. They would have been following the limo as it left, because they couldn't see Potts wasn't in it. Something has delayed them, hopefully not fatally." She pushed one of the gunmen with her toe, but he did not stir. "We'd better get out of here."
Not for the first time, Steve wished his mother hadn't been so adamant about the use of foul language...
Mind made up, he came falling from the sky, his full array of weapons clattering into view. It didn't matter that most of them were no longer functional because the SHIELD agents certainly didn't know that.
"Never mind." Steve peered up at the high cliffs and the softly lit building that crowned them. "I don't... It could be Tony's house out on the West coast. I've seen pictures of it. Though not from this angle."
Taking heart from that, Tony cat-footed it into the dressing room and extracted a couple of his own cotton shirts, several plain t-shirts, a new pair of jeans, cut-off shorts that Pepper had once misplaced and which he had kept hidden, and a kimono that he had brought her as a present some years ago,  which he had never actually seen her wear in public.
Rain battered down and thunder roared as Tony, armourless and helpless, held Steve's ice-cold body in his arms as the Hulk bounded towards them, Betty Ross sitting on his shoulder.
"I'll be back within a couple of minutes. The Master prefers us not to use Sling Rings inside the Sanctum unless necessary. Now, if you will come with me..."
But Clea was already answering. "Many do. Particularly as... shadows... of those who existed in the first universe. Even where they do not, they leave traces." For a moment, it appeared she was going to say more, but, plainly thinking better of it, looked down at the artefact in her hands. "I cannot use this device," she said. "It is a quite specific magic, coded to a personality or personalities, to their souls. I doubt Doom himself in his full pomp, or my tutor Stephen Strange, could master it."
"Did he—? Fuck, no. He told me to seize the day, sorta. But he's not human, Steve, and he doesn't know either of us, not really. I doubt he understands what 'playboy' means, or the things I've done to earn the rep as a fuck and forget kinda guy."
He was tumbling through the air, the taste of bile in his mouth and his senses dazed by dizziness and fading pain. Somehow, he stretched out his arms and attempted to activate the repulsors, but they didn't answer, were still powering up...
Steve jerked forward until he was less than a foot away. He was even paler now, and his hands were clenched into fists. "You aren't an alienist, Stark. You know nothing about me."
He had rejected it, joined SHIELD, gone to Washington where he was closer to Peggy, found a different partnership with Natasha (though whenever Clint was present he felt like a third wheel), met Sam who was a good friend and not part of the Avengers.
Then he was running for the hangar, jinking from side to side at irregular intervals because, though there was no sound of gunfire – indeed, no sound at all – large chunks of pavement were flying through the air. One had glanced off his shoulder, but he ignored it the pain. He'd taken worse blows.
It looked as if the rock had slipped down along a vertical fault, dislodging a couple of trees which were now clinging desperately to footholds just above the waterline.
"Get down!" Tony shouted at Steve, lunging forward, boot and hand repulsors blazing, in an attempt to snatch his teammate into the air, but Steve had already dived behind a wall of rubble.
"Tony!" Bruce said, more sharply now. "You may need that later. Steve has asked you not to do this, so why are you..."
"They want to talk to me. So we talk, while you evacuate everyone you can through the emergency exits – and any route that doesn't take them near the lobby."
"I can get down there unnoticed, no problem," Jan said, reading Tony's thoughts with the ease of someone who'd known him longer than anyone now living.
Tony was dressed again and was gulping down water when he became aware of T'Challa standing watching him, the artificial firelight playing over his impassive face.
"Trying to find the control for Stealth mode," Jan answered, her voice slightly muffled as she bent forwards in the co-pilot's seat. "Tony had it installed it on my plane after we got back from Wakanda, so I'm pretty sure he will have installed it— Got it!"
Jarvis spoke for the first time in hours. "May I suggest, Steve, that the spa tub by the pool would be even more helpful."
Damn, he hadn't heard her approach. But if he switched the hologram off now it would make Pepper even more curious – and this particular secret wasn't his to divulge.
At least he knew where all his motley crew, Avengers and not-Avengers and some, like Hank, he wasn't sure about, were or what they were up to. Colonel Danvers had asked permission to phone the Secretary of the Air Force and had left the tower, in company with Natasha, to buy a cheap pay as you go cell, which she would discard after she had briefed him. Meanwhile, Clint had taken Lieutenant Storm under his wing (though it was a combination that made Tony distinctly uneasy.) They were in the shooting gallery, and Storm was showing himself more than capable with a gun and grimly determined to learn with a bow and arrow.
"No objection," Steve whispered. "None at all – but you might be disappointed. I'm not ... experienced. I've never even kissed another man."
"Then, back home, yeah, I was affected by what had happened, but I had Pepper and Rhodey and, above all, my work – and the prospect of revenge.
Steve had noticed the hesitation and his curiosity finally overcame him. "Lady Sif, forgive me if I give you any offence by asking but, sometimes, when Volstagg is talking, it feels as if there is an empty place in his stories. At first I thought that place was Loki's, but he still speaks of him. And now you're doing the same thing. It's someone else, isn't it? Someone who was very close to Thor. Frigga said something about the loss of a friend..."
Tony had already alerted the emergency services using Extremis, and the Navy and Air Force had weighed in with, "We're on our way, Iron Man."
His hand snagged the edge of the spread wing and he used it to claw his way back up the fuselage until, sitting astride the 'neck' he unshipped his shield and hammered it home into the glass.. This time, it broke, and the shield scooped it away so he could somersault through the gap into the cockpit.
In the depths of the hangar, Tony finally opened the faceplate to allow a retinal scan. The door the lock guarded opened into brightening lights, revealing what looked like a lounge area, with a big TV screen, comfortable seating, and gaming and drinks machines. It was, however, empty of any life save for a large fish tank, its inhabitants incurious about the new arrivals.
"So I am. Let them sweat a little. I'll talk to them when I'm good and ready," Tony told her, as they began their long ascent to the Board Room. "Meanwhile, how do you want to handle the disclosure that you'll be giving all your time to Stark Industries in future? Will you announce it, or shall I?"
"When I first came here," Steve said, "it was in a raging storm. Your house was a beacon light to a safe haven. I wanted to clear my head, to see the beach and your house without the baggage. But not alone." He turned to look at Tony. "I'm not sure I want to do anything alone anymore."
"On a rescue mission on the other side of the continent," Steve replied, as Jan landed on his shoulder and grew until she was about six inches in height. He grinned at her. "And this is the Wasp, another member of the Avengers. Now, can we all put the guns away and you explain why you tried to land that monstrosity in Stark's grounds without filing a flight plan? She didn't file a flight plan, did she, Jarvis?"
"There's a mercenary group with advanced, possibly alien tech. They'll sell their services, tech they've stolen and people they've kidnapped to anyone with the cash. I think they've even supplied NASA's new orbiter, though I can't prove it, and I wouldn't fly in it for any money. They were controlling hurricane Sandro before Thor turned it away into the Atlantic."
"That's what I'm saying. SHIELD dragged me from the gutter. I owe them big time, both for that and letting Tasha live. But you know something? Cap didn't think twice before trusting me, despite what I'd done. Despite what Fury'd done. I hope it never happens, but if it comes to a choice between SHIELD and the Avengers, I'm going with what he chooses. I think Nat will too. So this is a word of warning: Fury isn't done yet and he always has an ace in his sleeve. Ciao."
He had not slept well, the nightmares that had begun to fade back at Stark Tower returning in full force, but this time he had found himself back in the laboratory where he had become Captain America, with the dreadful pain of the transformation wracking his body, with his friends – Peggy and Howard and Erskine and Bucky and, God help him, Tony – drinking champagne and ignoring his screams.
"What about the rest of Wakanda? Will they accept the results of the coup? Or will they put up resistance?"
"I'll tell him when I find out myself." Then he added, more gently, "I take it he's not coming back."
"I invited him," Steve said. So he wasn't giving away that they'd found the body in the lobby either.
"I'll wear your clothes over mine," Tony said hurriedly. "We'd better hurry. How long do you suppose we were out?"
When he charged into the Penthouse he found Steve standing with Bruce at his back, confronting Carter and Natasha.
Suddenly reflections of a blue white arc shone on its polished stone walls and faint voices could be heard below, in the temple itself. A finger to his lips to warn Okoye, he strained to hear the words.
As he exited, he heard Jan's unmistakeable chuckle. "You have to give it to Tony: judging him by the quality – and maybe the quantity – of his enemies leaves him way ahead of the field."
He took a deep breath, and coughed on the foul air. It seemed to have invaded his mind, swirling around incoherent thoughts.
"I'm afraid Tony's spare suit is mine," Steve said, trying for wry amusement. "I'm not so fond of this outfit I'd abandon my clothes for it."
"Should we be?" Tony's expression was innocence itself. "It can be arranged. But you have my word that no one who isn't here right now can hear us."
Tony nodded. "Same at M.I.T. Anyhow, this transporter or portal or teleporter does have a weakness – it's double-ended. It needs a device placed at the reception point. So I would suggest, T'Challa son of T'Chaka, that you have a traitor working for these people – and as they seem to be able to go abroad at will, I'd take a hard look at the members of the Hatut Zeraze."
"Despite the fact that you're accusing me of harbouring a fugitive. Oh, wait, I thought it was kidnapping. Make up your minds. Can you even provide me with evidence that this Steven Rogers exists?" Tony asked. "How about his military record? What's his social security number? Has he got a drivers' licence? Well?"
What's more, his head was now aching hard enough to make thinking difficult. He dropped it down to rest on his knees and closed his eyes against the glow of the ARC reactor.
"Not true," Steve retorted automatically, though he wasn't sure if it was or wasn't; he'd assumed the others would be there if and when he needed them, just as he intended to be there if they needed him. He just hadn't thought it would be like this.
"That won't be necessary, sir." Steve's voice had lost all amusement – and, unless Tony was imagining it, warmth. Instead he was grave and formal and very careful with his words.
Then, just as Tony reached the door, his arms full of clothes, he heard Steve say, quietly but very determinedly, "And, yes, I do know."
The President was someone he had known well, during the time she had chaired the House Armed Services Committee (and the Senate equivalent, after she and her husband had become the first husband and wife to be elected to serve overlapping terms for any state.) By the time her husband had died of a heart attack she had become the Senate Minority Leader, and, though she had served out her term, his loss seemed to destroy her enthusiasm for Congress. Instead, within six months of leaving the Senate, she was Secretary of Defense.
Steve took another step towards him; Tony forced himself to stand his ground, waiting for that decision.
Tony took a breath to steady himself, with a mental reminder that he needed Hank. "The truck," he said. "Two crates. Both marked 'Electronic Equipment'. Your original is the Mark 1, my revised version is Mark 2. I've tweaked the electronics—"
It occurred to him that Nat would have known that Pepper had facilitated her employment at SI and would therefore have speculated, even if she hadn't been told, that Pepper had been working with SHIELD. If so, why hadn't Natasha warned him?
"He just seemed indestructible, never seemed to age – though I guess that was because he dyed his hair, and his moustache, and his eyebrows – can't say I'd know about the rest of it, and it's not something you can ask your Mom. For all I know he had facelifts too – it was too early for Botox. My father, the plastic man."
Tony exchanged glances with Steve and inclined his head towards the rear of the cabin. Steve didn't even nod acknowledgement, just strode forward, leaped up, grasped the guttering, and was on the roof without a sound.
"Aye. I remembered its effect on you," Thor was swinging his hammer above his head with his right hand as he held Tony with his left. Now that swing accelerated, the arm rotating at a totally inhuman speed, and from the hammer came a wind that lashed outwards, untangling the clouds, with Thor and Tony in the stillness of the storm's eye. "Should we deal with our enemies?"
"Possibly," Steve said, trying to keep his own face straight. It was impossible. As Tony hauled him down onto the pillows, and he breathed a silent thank you to the original Captain America. He'd try and live up to that heroism. Though maybe not in the same way. Tony had promised to make him a suit of armour, after all.
There was a large circular hole in the wall, soft sunlight streaming through it, together with far off voices, the baying of dogs and the drone of insects.
Tony went willingly, deepening the kiss. When they paused for breath, he said, into the curve of Steve's neck, "Time for a quickie?" He was already reaching for the zip on Steve's fly when his wrist was grasped in a warm, but unbreakable grip.
But Steve's brain had clicked into gear. "No. Just wait a minute." There was one possible option. "Did Tony give Thor a dedicated cell phone or an Avenger's communicator?"
"No luck about it," Tony said. "I always intended to have total control over both tech and companies."
Tony gave a bark of laughter. "Have you met Black Panther, or Nat, or Vision? They don't follow anything but their own consciences. But your people weren't fighting for something they believed in, but for
It was then that Tony's pain lessened as the woman fought the command, unmoving, her lips pressed together. The tight fitting necklet she wore had began to glow, its inset white stones shining with a nacred light, forming unknown words.
The smile had disappeared from Steve's face as he watched Tony work it out, and probably seen his dismay.
"So, why are you in my lobby with guns – even if one of them will probably jam or blow up on you – instead of phoning my secretary to make an appointment next year, just like everyone else?"
Fuck and fuck again. And he hadn't noticed. Which meant that even if Jarvis should deploy the armour – and he had no reason to do so without a signal from Tony or until three days had passed without contact – it wouldn't be able to find him. He should have called the armour at the border while he'd had the chance...
That he was beautiful didn't lessen that pleasure, either, though it did make Steve remember why he had been looking out of the window. His jeans were too tight for his crotch to be comfortable.
Rhodes leaned forward, hands on his knees, his expression earnest. "I have both the Commandant's and the Superintendant's permission to be here. Don't know what's been goin' on, Tony, but Mom's butting heads with Fury, and that's trouble."
"The crew could, you know, have been Asgardians," Tony said. "Two of them gave physical readings closer to yours than baseline human."
Once all the armoured titanium steel doors had slotted back into place and Jarvis had landed the transporters neatly on the floor of the vault, though it was a close squeeze, Tony opened one of the units, taking out a briefcase – and Cap's shield, which he placed carefully against the wall.
When Tony came back to awareness the clatter of helicopter rotors had changed to the almost inaudible purr of a well-tuned auto engine, almost drowned by the swish of tyres on a wet road, but both reverberated from one side of his skull to the other. Even before he opened his eyes, he knew he was lying in a seat in a limo, reclined as far back as it would go, with the seat belt on, a pillow under his head and a blanket tucked around him.
Steve had been running through his tactical options in growing dismay. In seconds he would have no choice but to intervene to save Tony but, with T'Challa incapacitated, he and Okoye had no real chance of doing anything but delaying that death. Furthermore, if he himself were captured or even killed, their enemies would have access not only to the vibranium mines and Wakanda's advanced technology, but to his own serum-enhanced body...
Perhaps that had been for the best. It was becoming more and more difficult not to tell Tony how much he loved – was in love with – him. But he'd promised to wait until Tony was ready... if he ever was. If there was any possilbity that declaration could signal a break-up, he had to remain silent because he was still nowhere near certain that Tony loved him back.
Steve sighed. "Tony – Tony Stark – can synthesise vibranium. King T'Challa had been in contact with him and they'd come to an... an arrangement. But there was a coup in Wakanda. Hunter – White Wolf – took over. He had allies. Their price involved him luring Stark into Wakanda so they could kill him, but Hunter thought that before he handed him over he could use him as bait to take the Panther prisoner. It didn't work. Together, the Avengers helped T'Challa take back Wakanda."
"I cannot." It was a soft growl, sexless, powerful, not in the least human. "You are not of the priestly house, not of the Panther tribe, not of Wakanda."
"They why haven't all of them disintegrated? At least that would solve the problem of every organisation in the US and every country in the world wanting a piece of them." Hill sounded wistful.
"Probably playing with Hammertech again," Tony said, dismissively. Then, with dawning horror: "In New Jersey? That would be McGuire Field. McGuire-Dix-Lakehurst. Joint services— Jesus, Bruce, there are thousands on that base." Tony's hands flew to make the final connections and the alarm sounded for an incoming call. "Jarvis, speak to me."
Then a shout of greeting went up and he and Jan were swiftly seated and offered food of a mixed variety of cuisines and nutritional value. He almost refused, but after the first mouthful he set to with a will, hardly caring what he was eating.
The SUVs slowed as they approached and came to a halt an arm's length away. The side door of the leading car slid open, and a very tall – even taller than Steve – African man dressed in black, white and amber striped robes stepped out. He bowed slightly, then offered his hand to Tony. "Welcome to Wakanda, Mr Stark." His grip was firm. "I am Trade Minister N'kendi."
"I am. SHIELD – you – were cruel enough to lie to him about Margaret Carter, led him to believe that she was just a phone call away. But whoever wrote those fake files – and they lied to him about me, too, but I'll let that go – was either unbelievably careless or thought Steve was stupid; the address was an obvious fake."
"I'm banking on it," Tony said. "Because I put a helluva lot more trust in your morality than in Fury's – or mine for that matter."
"Thor considered that gave him leave to return to Midgard immediately, though he refused to let us accompany him. He was back more swiftly than we had anticipated, bringing you with him. After that, it was in the hands of Frigga and her servants. You are lucky, Steven. The Queen of Asgard has great magic and, in the absence of Odin, was free to use it." He rose to his feet and faced Steve, then spoke what were obviously formal words. "Fear nothing. We – the Warriors Three and the Lady Sif – have been charged with keeping you safe here in Thor's apartments. Even if Loki or Odin himself comes for you, they will not reach this room." He relaxed into his normal casual self. "Now, this has been quite enough conversation. Frigga will have my hide if I have overtired you. So rest easy, knowing we will keep you safe until you return to Midgard."
"Bruce," he said. "Boy, the speed of that change is impressive, buddy, but it's not Hank's fault. All right, it might have been Hank's fault at that, but that doesn't mean you get to batter him to a pulp."
Steve's intense stare faded into a gentle smile. "Jarvis," he said, "please route all calls, texts and e-mails away from Tony. Ms Potts can deal with Stark Industries but I'll take any that refer to the Avengers, or SHIELD." He looked directly into Tony's eyes... and hesitated. "That is, if you trust me—"
While their attention was on her – though one mercenary at least was still watching the tunnel entrance – Steve picked up the rock he had selected from the rubble that had been dumped into the ruins of the planting, and then leaped upwards, onto the top of one of the shipping containers, then on to the next.
T'Challa halted their flier on the edge of the rain forest, hovering on the very edge of a cliff that dropped vertically for several hundred feet.
"My, we're grouchy. You can't always expect to find me where you left me, Mr Grump. I have people to see, research to do, a company to run—"
Fuck it, he should never have let Rhodey keep the suit – but they were friends, they had fought together, saved each others' lives, and he had been so delighted with it...
Tony curled in on himself, trying to control his thoughts, his breathing, his heart rate, the cold fear that gripped him.
Steve roamed around his suite, unable to settle, opening drawers and cupboards, picking things up at random and putting them back. He didn't think he was looking for anything in particular until, in a box in the bathroom, he found himself staring at half a dozen small tubes of lube and two boxes of condoms.
"Extremely," Tony said promptly. "Tried the Mormons yet? I'd love to think they'd posthumously recruited Coulson. Granddad still there?"
legitimate source. Not 'a' source. This guy thinks he has a monopoly. It'll be one in the eye for him if I can persuade the patent office to let me claim it and not just the process.
"Then I called in Roberta. I think it's worth letting you hear what she told Fury." Howard's image wavered and the scene expanded into an office where he was now sitting behind a desk, a tall, smartly suited African-American woman standing at his shoulder.
He woke sweating, his heart pounding behind the arc reactor, his thoughts catching at the remnants of the fleeing dream, but all that was left was fear.
But it was the girl who strode over to where Suit-and-Sunglasses lay bound and unconscious. For a moment Steve thought she was going to shoot him and so, apparently, did Storm, who said, "Hey, Princess, he's valuable—"
"Oh, great. Well, that's good to know. Now. So we won't have to worry about zombies and vampires shooting at us." Sarcasm dripped from the words.
"Not sure how we'd stop you going ahead even if you hadn't," one of the cops was saying. "Besides what you did for us all today, I might owe you a personal debt."
"I am on my one hundred and thirteenth recalibration, sir. Still tracking two hundred and thirty five crocodiles, fifty one elephants, two thousand and—"
"Even if you were right, you're not Jesus Christ. And if by some unknown miracle you did manage to resurrect the dead, he'd never set foot in my life. However short that might be because I don't think I could survive without you."
He'd seen the sceptical look in the President's eyes all too often in the past. It spurred him into rushing on: "There's a cabal, most of them White House staffers, high-ranking officers in the Pentagon and members of Congress. If Sandro had swept up the east coast at strength five the election next Tuesday would have been handed to your opponent – if either of you were still alive to contest it. The cabal are your concern, Alison, but the people controlling the hurricane are mine. And they weren't human."
"You waited specifically to say this to me," Tony said, in revelation. "Because you're taking the same risk."
Steve was looking around with interest, aiming the flashlight beam into the shadows but finding nothing but wall. "So this is a trap," he said. "Who set it?"
"They didn't. They'd tested it on him, back in the day, when they were looking for something that would sedate him. That stuff knocks him out. Doesn't hang around, either. Breaks down real quick when exposed to air."
It was only when they were nursing a second helping in tiny leather tots that the Panther began to speak. "One day, perhaps, you will hear the full history of Wakanda's past, but, for the moment, all you need to know of that is that we are hidden by the power of the Panther god and his... high priests... for one important reason: in the heart of this mountain lies a vast lode of pure vibranium."
Steve blinked rapidly, and then turned his head so Tony could not see his face. After a minute or so he turned back, and there were tears on his cheeks. He leaned down and brushed his lips across Tony's. "So," he said. "Call Vision. He and I need to talk. Right now, tell me about this farm."
Tony looked at the water with disdain. "There's Scotch and Cognac in one of the cases that Steve and I shipped in. I think I need a stronger nightcap.”
Guessing that so curt a message conveyed something White Wolf might be expecting and, if they were exceptionally lucky, might have issued the orders that had brought the warriors here, Steve nodded curtly, though he was prepared to draw the gun the instant any of the warriors showed any signs of suspicion. But White Wolf's taciturn manner now played into his hands. The warriors fell into place around them, plainly an escort and probably not ceremonial one, Steve suspected. He squeezed Tony's arm again and stepped forward, letting a pair of warriors lead the way.
When he returned to the kitchen he found Pepper, now clad in shorts even shorter than her skirt had been, a Stark Industries t-shirt and a chef's apron, checking the temperature of the deep fat fryer. Suddenly, she looked much younger and light-hearted, though still as efficient.
He knew now that he was dreaming – a lucid dream they called it nowadays. He tried to steer it back to the certainties of that night at the Barton farm, but the memories of the subsequent reality came sneaking in.
"As the Eye returned to me, a magical event rocked this universe and split it into two timestreams. That was twice in one day. This one was so strong that every adept in related time-paths would have felt it. I admit I was shaken enough to have to recover my wits before using the Eye to discover what happened.
Thor's face lit up with a smile. He turned his head and spoke to someone Steve could not see: "He has returned to us."
Natasha made a hissing noise of exasperation. "Stark, I am trying to warn you here. There are powerful people in Washington, not to mention Moscow, London, Beijing, Brussels, Berlin and Tokyo and most other cities you can think of, who regard both you and Steve as traitors and more shadowy people behind them who seem to want the science of both Captain America and Iron Man – and probably the Hulk too – in their hands. Surely you've found that much out from the White House computers?"
"It is not impossible," Thor said. His hammer was whirling above his head, apparently to keep the waves at bay, but his other arm was around Steve's waist, helping him walk through a beach on the edge of becoming quicksand. "Do you know where we are?"
Tony sighed. "Yes, I was. I guess I am. Have been. You need – needed – to face some uncomfortable facts, Steve. I'm still not sure you have."
"So what was it? Tired of my company? Or was it your quarters - you'd call them quarters, right? That's just temporary. I wasn't expecting you back so soon—"
"Okay, okay. Even if the device put you there – and I can't think how or why because I wasn't thinking about you, hadn't thought about Captain America for
Now the barrage of questions had finally died away, the Ancient One turned her compelling eyes on Tony. "There is one detail you haven't covered. Your friend was carrying the Stones. Where are they now?"
"His suit might be," Steve said, consideringly. "We're pretty much of a height and weight. And he was maybe coming to get you. If so, no one will be surprised to see you as my – his – prisoner."
"You can look elsewhere for wisdom. But I'm not going Zen on Fury. I need to be at my sharpest because the best way to keep him off balance is to keep needling him. And then there's something I have to deal with in New York ASAP that I don’t dare mess up."
"Agents, put down your weapons and surrender – now!" The amplified Iron Man voice boomed out, echoing in the jungle. "You've invaded a foreign country and they don't like strangers here."
Work helped a little. The cabin had internet connection from one of the Stark communications satellites, enabling Tony to work on current projects, to keep his hands and mind busy. He didn't really have time to get back to the artefact he had thrown into his backpack, though it preyed on his mind when he wasn't in the cabin. For some reason, he didn't want Steve to see it. It had been the tipping point of his break up with Pepper, and he was determined that history would not repeat itself.
He broke off, wincing, as the girl kicked the helpless man hard in the balls. "This one," she said. "Though that would have been more fun if he had been conscious."
Over the water, something high in the sky exploded – but it was far too big, far too bright for fireworks.
He was close enough to feel the warmth of his body. Now he leaned across and ran a finger down Tony's left cheekbone.
"Wow!" Dr Ross said, her eyes on her friend. "Turns out seeing is believing. Love the suit, Jan, and I want those wings!" Plainly remembering her manners, she turned to Tony with a smile on her face. "I'm so very pleased to meet you, Mr Stark," she said. "I won't offer my hand until you're out of that armour, but Bruce and Jan have both spoken so often about you that I feel I know you."
"Implicitly," Tony said, on instinct, and then it was his turn to pause, momentarily, pushing aside intrusive memories of his betrayed trust in Pepper, Rhodey... Obie. "Confirmed, Jay," he said. "But I will take any calls about Stark Energy or Special Projects. Refer them to me immediately. And I'll take any calls from Pepper or Marilyn – and a call from Bruce or Betty Ross overrides everything." He raised an eyebrow at Steve. "Deal?"
"Wake me when the pizza arrives," Tony said, around a yawn. "And brew up some coffee. I suspect this is going to be an all-nighter."
Someone yelled a warning as they spotted Iron Man, but by then he was on them, repulsors blazing at full power, his anger making him ruthless.
"Just as long as I'm M rather than Moneypenny," Steve retorted, reminding Tony that Bond was at least one modern icon to which Steve had been introduced.
Tony wondered, even as he kept his eyes directly on whichever of Yogthulu's happened to be nearest, wondering if he could at least take a few of them out.
Then, as they rounded a curve, a flash of sunlight on glass suddenly transformed Steve's perception of the rock face, and revealed the shadows as windows and the stone blocks as buildings.
"Does Bruce Banner still exist? I haven't heard anything of him since the Hulk went gray and intelligent. I've tried to contact Rick, but he's gone dark too, even though Ross is supposedly in jail."
"Yeah. Well, I thought it might be safer here with me. It was in the underground vault until last night, but I thought you might feel better if it was here when you woke up."
"Nineteen," was the grudging reply, enough defiance in it to make it believable. "I'm legal in this state, Steve."
"The flag. What else? I take it you've laid claim to this one on behalf of the Air Force? Or is the Joint Chiefs?" Tony was well aware of the three way quarrel between the Mayor, SHIELD and the US Military as to who should take possession of the Chitauri technology that had lying around Manhattan, immovable, for the past month as the clean-up and building crews worked around them.
Steve, who had always hated working alone, both empathised and found it oddly endearing – when he wasn't the target of it.
"I might have an idea about that, Your Majesty," Tony interrupted. "You are the king of Wakanda, aren't you? T'Chaka's son?"
He'd thought he'd forgotten what this felt like, but the memories came flooding back, and he wanted it, wanted it so much, and he couldn't wait, didn't want to wait...
"Not an omelette," Tony said, with a shudder. Too many memories. The coffee was terrific, just as he liked it. Someone had been talking to Jarvis. "Pancakes sound good," he added randomly, because he wasn't sure he could actually eat anything.
"I think you had better explain that, Stark," Natasha said coldly. "And it had better be a good explanation."
What he found was instead was a garage, its armoured doors blasted from their hinges. The first thing he saw was a blonde woman sprawled on the floor, a golden facemask a few inches from her outstretched hand. Howard was running from parked vehicle to parked vehicle, occasionally firing blasts from an odd looking gun and dodging what looked like electrical discharges – lightning – flaring from the hands of what might be a humanoid robot or yet another man in armour – steel grey, this time.
"And that's not right, either. Two people can't – shouldn't – fall this deeply in love without knowing each other. But you're everything to me, and I can't, I shouldn't..." Even as he spoke, Steve remembered his promise to Howard, to put Tony's welfare first, whatever happened.
Was Tony lonely, Steve wondered? Miss Potts – and why did she permit herself to be called 'Pepper' when Virginia was a beautiful name? Didn't she want the association with virgin, though how was a bad pun better? Anyhow, Miss Potts, who was certainly not a virgin if the way Tony spoke about her was anything to go by, had been diverted to Washington on her way back from Japan, and Tony had been seriously annoyed by the delay.
Carter hesitated, biting her lip. "I know it's weird, but there's a ... story ... in my family. That my father was not, actually, my grandfather's son. I did ask Aunt Peggy – we've always been close – but she wouldn't say anything. Just seemed sad."
Tony slipped into the bathroom, picked up Steve's clothes and left just as quietly. As far as he was concerned, they were only fit for incineration.
It was true. Try as he might to remember anything before tonight, there was a blank wall. He didn't even know his own name.
Before he reached it, though, a spear buried itself in the ground inches from his hand, penetratingly nearly two feet deep into hard-packed earth. Tony threw himself sideways into a shoulder roll, expecting a second spear to follow. Instead, the second warrior had leaped from the walkway and was also heading for the fallen gun.
They had not gone more than fifty yards when the noise of hoofbeats behind them sent Hogun spinning, mace in hand, while Volstagg whirled with astonishing speed for a man of his bulk. Somehow, his axe was raised before he had completed the turn.
"I think of them more as turtles," Tony told her. Then, unable to resist teasing her, "Descendents of the Great A'tuin."
"Happy told me where you were coming in, and I'm in the car with him. We should be at the field before you land... Tony, I could see the smoke from the explosion from Stark Tower."
After a few moments, she cleared her calls and turned to look into Iron Man's glowing eye-slits. "You wanted to talk to me, Stark? Why not on official communications?"
The 'hyenas' lair' turned out to be the so-called 'government compound' in which he and Steve had been imprisoned and to which a number of the Hatut Zeraze had retreated. He, Okoye and her picked team swept through it like a storm.
Because the mind and emotion was the Steve he knew but something, perhaps 'soul' after all, was too large and complex for any human, even for Steve.
Lips pressed tightly together, he moved on from the mutilated body – too close to the explosion, that one – and found the next was intact.
"Would you rather have this one?" Steve asked, the words muffled by the top half of the White Wolf suit as he squirmed into it.
"Julia trusts him, if that means anything to you," the President said, in more confirmation than Tony had expected. "As do I. He's ex-Army and ex-Secret Service and I've known him... well, a long time."
The looks Bruce and Steve exchanged were definitely dubious. "Don't you think it would be easier if they were on your side?" Steve asked.
Jan's response was immediate. "There's this nice little series of dips in your shoulder plate that sort of appeared when I landed on them."
"And as for you, Steven, you do not take over Coulson's supernanny role. You don't have the gravitas, or a mean enough streak. Nor am I about to let you get your hands on a taser."
Still, their passports and bags were given cursory examination, and then everyone climbed, with some relief, into the air-conditioned comfort of the SUV.
Of course he hadn't, not without stealing, which he wouldn't do, but he couldn't tell Tony that, let him think that was the reason he had come here. Because it wasn't. "Think so. Not hungry."
Dr. Gleason ignored him.  He watched the news and knew the two had been separated, but that wasn't why he was here.
"You never know what's going to happen," Steve shrugged simply. Irshad tactically changed the subject:
The kitchen was large and airy and smelled like French toast.; Laura was stacking a plate for Steve.  "Syrup, Steve?"
Natasha didn't look amused.  Instead, she looked away from the instrument panel long enough to look at Steve, mouth the word "
"We can't just go fetch him ourselves. We have a project we have to keep under wraps for now. We need a single Alpha we can trust to do this."
him!  I just- oh my God." He leaned his head in his hand. Did he tell Clint, or Natasha? Could they deal with this news right now? And like Phil said... Clint might not even want to hear it.
Steve was walking okay until he got to the door then his thigh was going stiff again. Urgh. Why wouldn't it just heal already?  Yeah, it had been less than twelve hours, but that wasn't the point.  Steve had a dinner to go to.  His body ought to heal one lousy bullet wound.
Brock, whoever the hell he was, admittedly smelled great. He was an Alpha, almost as dominating as Bucky was. He put his hand on Steve's shoulder and Steve caught his arm in a tight grip. Just because he was blind didn't mean he didn't have reflexes. "I'm not coming with you," he stated plainly.
"If what said is true, then you should have known a very important thing when you came here." Tony stopped in his place, his teary gaze sit at the lake as he plea over and over that it will save him, that whatever is in there will take pity on him and save his baby. "You should have known that new people aren't welcome here, especially in this lake." Tony shakes when he felt the gun at the back of his neck, but he didn't move even with the threatening step Stane took toward him.
Shaking in his place was the only thing that Tony could do as he heard the thud of the door as Carter managed to break it down and enter the room. Tony couldn't help but swallow as he pushed his back to the wall, trying to make himself look smaller as he tried to hide, not making any sound and hoping that Carter would overlook him and leave his house… where was Steve? Was he still in his office like he said when he called him last night or did Carter got him too?
A wet gasp left Tony's lips, and tears that clouded his eyes since he was forced into this situation start sliding down his face. Everything was calm, Tony couldn't help but think in the back of his mind; everything was calm, the wind stopped howling, the lake stopped raging, and everything seemed
Tony hates this; he hates having to deal with James, just as much as James hates dealing with all of the Stark family. But they were brothers, and being brothers meaning that they won't abandon each other, even if it meant that the only way for them to be civil with each other is if there was someone else with them in the room even if it was for a second. "Buck-" Tony tried to say through his gritted teeth, which only gained a growl from his younger brother.
Months had passed, Spring giving way to Summer, which gave way to Fall. By then, Tony had almost perfected the escape plan he had been working on for months and months; ever since Howard started answering Rhodey and Pepper's phone calls, Tony's suspicious of Howard hurting his friends became true, especially when neither Rhodey nor Pepper called him once for more than nine months. The last few months Tony did nothing but prepare for every outcome that is to happen, from his friends' death to his father finding him, Tony had calculated everything. Starting from the escape backpacks that Tony prepared near the door in case of him spotting Howard, to the gun he bought from the gun store a few months ago; Tony had prepared to every ugly outcome that was going to take a place.
"No Brother Clinton, what Brother Stark says is true; Heimdall informed me just now that Thanos is on the move. Without the Space Stone; it will take Thanos up to a year to reach Asgard, three to reach Midgard. It will give us time to prepare for the war." Thor stated with a grim face, causing everyone to shift in their place, gazing at Tony before turning to Thor.
All Steve could feel when he saw Tony direct the missile through the portal was emptiness and pain, his child spent that day crying because not even Iron Man could survive, even when Tony hurt Peter, the pup still see him as a parental figure of some sort, and the Omega doesn't even know how that happened… as for Steve, who couldn't even focus on the phone call he got, his Omega screamed and cried as he saw his once-Alpha disappear from his sight… Steve, no matter how much he hated Tony, he didn't wish him such a painful death, lost in space with blackness surrounding him until the air run out and he was left to choke in a metal coffin.
"You won't believe it, Pepper, it was horrible!" Tony whined as he threw himself at the sofa that groaned at the weight of the armor but thankfully didn't break, which made Tony fill a thought in his mind about buying one of those sofas in his workshop. "Barnes forced me to house his supposed dead friend from seventy years ago! And he is an Addams! My life is ruined Pepper, my house is ruined, my beautiful gardens are ruined, and now I have a Pet Cemetery in my house and voodoo dolls running around the place! Please, Pepper, help!" Tony squeaked as he looked at the woman with wide, pleading eyes, waiting for it to click in the woman's mind.
"Of course, I love you three thousand remember?" Steve said making Tony hum at that. "I love you more than the suns, and stars, and moons, and every day I fell more in love with you than yesterday, I will love you for the rest of my life if you let me…" Steve said making Tony pause at that and chuckle while shaking his head at Steve.
"Yeah, I am done…" As soon as Steve finished his sentence, a gunshot rang in the supermarket (Close to where Bucky and Steve were), causing panic and chaos to spread like wildfire. As soon as the screaming started, Bucky pulled Steve with him, protecting Steve with his body as he tried to pull Steve away from the deafening noise. Turning his head to see what the hells happened, Steve's eyes widen in shock when he saw the strange old man (Who gave Steve a gentle smile, the strange Beta who knew Steve's name when he shouldn't) getting shot once more before falling down, his white lab coat, getting stained red with blood.
The drive was not long, nor was it short, but it was enough for the two of them to regain back their thoughts, by the end of their drive, Tony can feel Steve pausing when his eyes fell on the Italian restaurant in front of them… the restaurant that they had their first date in… and the place that Tony proposed to Steve in… a place that Tony never step a foot inside ever since Steve and him were separated by Howard…
On the day of the appointment, Steve searched for Tony high and low, hoping to see his husband somewhere in the house so that the two of them will go to the doctor. Unsurprisingly, Tony wasn't there, leaving Steve to gaze around the place with a lost look, wondering how he will go to the appointment without Tony in sight.
The thing was; Tony's house looked like it was haunted. Not the haunted of the 'Lake monster living near him' haunted, no, but the 'There is a ghost in the house and he is not happy' haunted; just thinking about it made Tony feel silly and a little stupid, but the many incidents that happened made Tony flinch at the memory of them.
"Who? What do you mean by this? Who?" Stane shook him by his hair, but even then, Tony didn't react, he could only pray for his baby to be safe. When Stane didn't get the answer he wanted from him, he growled and push him back, making Tony stumble, trying to contain his flinch when Stane start shooting at anything that he saw moving, taking this as his only chance, Tony starts backing away, wondering which will be safer, his house or the raging lake. "Where do you think you are going?" Stane's enrage voice made Tony freeze in his place and he turned around to see Stane pointing the gun at him, which made Tony's heart drop.
interested in everything paranormal or out of the world as he used to call it. One day he managed to catch Rogers by chance when he was leaving the house and he became… I think obsessed would be a light description… he start camping in the Rogers family house, trying to follow Bucky and Peggy around pestering them about Rogers's past life and how he came to have the powers he holds now; then one day, he just… snapped. On the anniversary of Rogers's death, Johann took the closest person to Steven Rogers, at that time it was Bucky and Peggy's six years old, Stevie, to the Rogers's family house; with his partner Johann beat Stevie to death in the living room and planned on drowning him in the lake later, hoping that Rogers would bless him if he gave him the life of someone who resembles him in looks and name as a sacrifice." Tony closed his eyes as he heard those words, cursing internally as he let out a harsh sigh through his nose.
Walking down the stairs, Steven paused when his eyes fell on the king's pup. The small boy was sitting on the steps while leaning on the wall behind him, letting out a huff of breath now and then as he curled his body into a ball, the boy was asleep, that's what Steven gathered when he kneeled the babe and touched him, and it made the Omega frown at the reason of why the babe was sleeping here instead of his room.
Tony took the mission of washing the dishes, taking in the chance to ask the question that was burning in his mind since the start, considering that Peter was already in the living room watching TV and Steve sitting in his chair sipping tea, this was his only chance. "I read your comic… the Spider-Man one…" Tony started, and he could feel Steve's eyes on the back of his head, which made him swallow at that.
"Nice to meet you, Bucky…" Steve said, feeling lighter than he felt in the last eight hours, the smile refusing to leave his face, as the finished dinner, and to his delight, Bucky even stayed with him when he starts cleaning, helping the blond and exchanging pleasant conversation.
"I am married; I have a husband a child!" Steve snapped, his heart pounding in his chest when his phone vibrated in his hand, informing him that Bucky was calling him, which made Steve's heart flutter happily that Bucky was finally here, that he was finally saving him.
"Well then, I shall be on my way." Thor gave a shy smile, turning back to his friends, hugging them tightly as he bid them goodbyes; the sight filled Steve with sadness. For a long time, Steve wished to have a family just like the Avengers; a family where he and Sara will thrive and be loved back. Seeing the Avengers act like the family they were, made some part of Steve sad and hopeful; Steve hoped that the Avengers considered him a friend and not some burden, maybe then he will be allowed to join their family.
Turning to Bucky; Steve had to laugh at the dear in a headlight look the Alpha sported as he gazed at the machine in front of him with wonder, blinking his eyes a few times as he gazed at Steve's stomach and the screen over and over. "Wow… a girl…" Bucky said speechlessly, and Steve couldn't have said it better, not when the joy and happiness coursed inside of him; Steve was grateful that he wasn't alone at this important moment of his life, he wouldn't have known what he would have done if he was, but he was happy that Bucky was there with him.
. Tony blinks his eyes, tilting his head in confusion when he saw himself standing on the deck, when did he walk toward the deck? Tony let out a tired sigh, a sob that was a mix of laughter and a whine left his lips, even when his eyes refused to leave the sight of the lake in front of him.
Steven's eyes widen a little as he recognizes the woman in the elegant getup. "Ancient One…" Steven said respectively lowering his head in a small bow which made the woman's lips twitches up at that, Steve may have seen the woman only once when he was returning one of the Infinity Stones to her, but the impression she left was going to make him remember her for lifetimes to come, it didn't hurt that the woman liked to make subtle jokes about them being related for being descended from the Celtic… well, he hoped she was joking.
"Nothing, just wondering what the fuss is all about," Steve shrugged, which made Bucky sigh but continued with his walk, still latching on Steve's arms, refusing to let it go, Steve didn't even mention how Bucky held his arm more tightly than a few seconds ago.
"Calm the fuck down Steve! What the fuck is wrong with you? He came here to say sorry, he didn't mean it, it was not his fault that he was held late, you are overacting!" Bucky said which only caused Steve's face to become dark at that and a growl to leave him causing Bucky to back away.
Tony felt even more dawn when he realized that his feeling for Rogers was a mix of hero-worship, admiration, and a silly crush, and not the love he always stated to himself; thanking Bucky, Tony went and spent the next day in his room, crying the whole time when he realized that Steven and Peggy were right in the first place and that he was still a child who didn't know how to handle the situation he was in and not only that but he also destroyed his life by falling pregnant.
"What if he hates me?" Tony asked, shifting nervously in his place as he waited for Peter to return with Harley. The little pup had dashed to the clinic as soon as they arrived, leaving Steve and Tony alone as they waited for the little boy to return with his friend (Peter had refused for Steve and Tony to follow him, something about scaring Harley away if they found their secret hideout).
Part of Steve was skeptical about what Tony just told him, he was in doubt, did his husband really leave his life goal for Steve, or was it just empty words that Tony was forcing down his throat. But this… this might be Steve's chance to get Tony back, to leave this place and salvage what he can of his family; this might be his only chance for saving his marriage and giving his daughter her father back, Steve would be an idiot if he wastes this chance. "Can we… can we go to couple therapy? I want us to be back to how we were before… and these past months… I don't know what to do anymore Tony... I think it would help us…" Steve whispered, fearing that Tony would refuse him and leave Steve hanging.
The sound of the fallen furniture drew Steven's attention back toward the Alpha; the king who was becoming paler than it was possible for him to come, making Steven think that he is going to be sick, the king whose eyes were so wide that the Omega feared they will never return to their right size again, the king who was muttering some words under his breath, looking like he saw the image of someone who died long ago.
And as much as Steve wanted to stay with his husband or take him to Shield with him, he couldn't last Tony hurt himself or slip into one of his headspaces there and panic. So, in the end, he found that Cassie Lang (Who was the new Wasp) was still in the Avengers HQ, he asked the girl to keep an eye for Tony, with the promise that he and Tony will be happy to accept the dinner invitation Steve had been putting off for so long until now.
"OK, the first one is someone called Stane, he was the reason that Tony's heart is bad, Tony killed him, but I think that you will want to go after his soul?" Bruce said shivering at the dark look in Steve's eyes. Personally, Bruce would have taken a killer Steve who will do his kills with a huge smile on his face like a cheerful child, not this silent shadow who was planning to burn the world in a cold blood.
Dr. Ross stayed silent for a while until a comforting smile took over her face. "Singing, is a rare sign, you know? There is only 0.3% of the people around the world who can safely say they hear their fated mate's voice, some consider that a sign of madness, and usually it end with suicide… but here you are, talking proudly about something that you probably didn't tell anyone until now, I hope you know how much strength that took." Dr. Ross's words made Tony fidget a little and look at his hands a flush of embarrassment taking over his face. "Tell me, Tony, what do you feel about Steve, do you think that there is a future for the two of you?" That made Tony furrows his brows in confusion.
"That's why I said you were a child Tony." These words made the Omega pout and held in any reply he wanted to give Steven last the man change his mind about him going out with Steve. "Did Rogers tell you that?" Steven asked already planning on pummeling Rogers to the ground.
Refusing to rise to the bait, which he recognised as pure Stark distraction, Steve said: "No, I couldn't tell her how I felt. I'm not sure I would have been able to tell her even if Howard and the Colonel hadn't been listening. Peggy and I just told each other we'd keep the date we'd made. She was going to teach me to dance -- and no, Stark, that wasn't a euphemism," he added, inwardly wincing at the sight of Tony's smirk.
"No." Tony leaned in closer, letting Steve's body shelter him from the cold ocean wind skipping in over the swell. "Must admit I like having you around when I'm working, if only to bring me coffee. You know how to be quiet."
Steve backed away quietly towards the fire escape door, which opened at his touch. He didn't want to come between Tony and his girl, or put either of them in danger.
Steve and Okoye crouched behind the parapet at the corner of the temple roof, hoping that all eyes were on the scene below them. Their view of the area within the panther-head entrance was restricted, but they could hear White Wolf quite clearly. Unfortunately for Steve, he was speaking Wakandan.
He'd expected that question, and rehearsed a dozen answers to it, but faced with those wide blue eyes, he forgot them all, and resorted to honesty. "You were – sorta – my childhood hero, then my teammate, my friend and, for one night, my lover. Am I supposed forget all I felt because you're a stubborn bastard who can't compromise and who makes lousy decisions?"
