Jane laughs in between kisses. “A very, very welcome respite…”
“Not that it’s any of your business, Hill,” Pepper snarls. “But if I really have become more like Tony, then I don’t see any reason why you’re not shitting in your pants right now. Two Tony’s in one chamber? I’d like to see you try and stop us.” She exits the room, heels clacking against the marble floor, leaving Maria Hill stunned and disoriented, not knowing exactly what to think or do next, which is right where Pepper wants her to be.
“If I know you, which I do, you’d just leave these dirty dishes strewn around your kitchen for a week until JARVIS nags you to clean them up,” she tells him.
“I know Tony Stark. I know his people and I know how they work. They’re difficult to work with, yes, but it’s mostly about being protective of one another than anything else. They all have a history with one another and go way back—Stark, Potts, Odinson, Romanoff, Barton, Van Dyne. Heck, even Wilson. With that said, I honestly think that this business with Pierce’s resignation isn’t about undermining or one-upping you. It’s about these people having their own system, their own way of finding out the truth. They’re good people, and they’re not trying to destroy this country. They’re just a family—a very close-knit and vigilant family.”
He’s all in now, and there’s no turning back. He can’t afford a betrayal, especially not from the most powerful man in the world.
It takes Kate about a little over hour to throw away the accumulating trash and deposit the dirty dishes in the dishwasher. His bedroom and bathroom weren’t safe from the mess either, and she cleaned that up as well. To be honest, she’s more sad than angry that Clint had allowed himself to become like this, and she’s frustrated at herself for not rushing to his side the moment she noticed that the Clint Barton that had told her sixteen years ago to follow her heart was lost somewhere in that unkempt body sitting on the couch in this hellhole of an apartment.
Pepper almost rolls her eyes. “Oh please, Hill. Ignorance does not become you,” she retorts.
“If Danvers and Rhodes are sharing information with you—” Coulson starts.
anniversary gift.
They start to approach five black unmarked SUVs, and as soon as they reach the hood of the first car in the lineup, the doors of the second, third, and fourth ones open at the same time, as if on command. Secret Service agents come pouring out of the cars. Two men come out last, and they’re who Clint and Natasha are there for—the Vice President and the GOP Chair.
“I’m a mutant.”
Well, you might embarrass yourself in front of Tony, the tech expert, a little voice said inside his head. Steve shook his head to clear his thoughts. It wasn’t like he cared that much about what Tony thought, he just didn’t want to hear the snarky laughter. What was a smart question to ask that wouldn’t make him look stupid, he wondered. He racked his head, but couldn’t think of anything intelligent, or something that Tony would be impressed by.
“Is that so? Ah, maybe Sue told me some wrong information again. Anyway, what are you here for?”
“Tony, please, talk to me. I don’t know what the hell happened up there, but I’m really worried and you’re being so cold to me. Talk to me, please. I’m always here for you," Steve pleaded, striding forward to stand in front of Tony.
“I told you don’t have to work. I have 3 degrees, and I own a big firm. Pep’s the CEO, but you do know that I have the most shares right? I can easily provide for you, but no, you have to be stubborn and choose to live in this tiny apartment because you want to be able to pay your fair share of rent. You could spend all your time doing things you like, rather than working at that small, useless, firm-”
Bruce was missing in a Quinjet, and Thor had left to go back to Asgard and investigate the stones. Everyone else around seemed to be pushing him away and he would have been fine with being a lone wolf if it wasn’t for the fact that Steve seemed to never want him around as well.
Tony.”
“Others may move on,” Tony began.
“Even the erotic ones?” Steve asked as he cocked his head slightly to the side.
Every night was a terror for Tony. Whenever his eyes closed, he remembered Steve’s shield, broken on the ground. Shattered into halves just like his oh-so-fragile heart. He remembered Steve lying on the ground, empty glassy eyes staring into his own, those sapphire eyes that used to be so full of life, that used to radiate that warm gaze. His lips were slightly open, as blood trickled out of the corners.
“I’m just going to put him in his room now,” Steve replied shortly, no other indications on what he thought about Tony’s sudden change in relationship status. Clint shrugged, and walked over to the entrance to Tony’s quarters, his arms crossed as he looked at Steve curiously.
“No, wait, I mean the pictures weren’t exactly mine, but I do like you, and have a crush on you, and,” Tony stopped, watching as Steve’s gaze changed from hurt into a hopeful gleam.
“Gladly, Sir,” Jarvis replied with a smug tone. If he had a physical body, he would probably have a big smirk on his face, not unlike Clint.
“The only person I was slightly close to was probably my sister, Gamora. I hated her so much then, but now I miss her. Especially since our father gave her away for the stone. A little bit of me can’t forgive myself for taking so long to see her like a sister – so I can’t love her the way you love your husband and your – adopted… son.” Her black gaze seemed to bore a hole right through Tony himself.  The hurt in her voice was palpable. “She also had someone who loved her, and no matter how much I try, I can’t help but be jealous.”
Instead of replying, Tony pushed his arm away, and clumsily got down on one knee in front of Steve. Steve’s patience was wearing thin – it wasn’t his job to take care of Tony, and drunk Tony was even worse than blabbering, talkative and belligerent Tony.
Thanks to the glowing lady, who he later found out was called Captain Marvel – they arrived at planet Earth in under a day, most of which Tony spent by pacing around the interiors in excitement, or taking out the family photo of him and Peter. The spaceship landed on a huge grass patch, and Tony saw a glimpse of that beautiful blond hair. He ran out of the door of the spaceship and tumbled down the stairs a few at a time clumsily before running towards the love of his life, standing there, waiting for him with arms open. He pressed his face tightly into the Captain’s chest, face scrunched in tears from happiness, relief, sadness, guilt, grief, anger, and so many emotions that made him feel like he was going to burst.
Reed was laughing to himself, insanely happy that there was such a breakthrough and he could get extra data from that tiny shard of porcelain.
“So the thing is, either very far in the future or in some other dimension, I fought with Steve,” Tony said carefully, deciding to avoid mentioning the fact he created Ultron. “Anyway, I got knocked over by a car and I couldn’t call my suit in time, and then when I woke up I was on the ground. I probably fell out of the big portal in the sky, based on what I remembered from in my past, or previous dimension.”
“And how did you grow back from dust to, well, whatever is sitting in that chair now?”
Suddenly, Clint burst into the laboratory, grinning.
“Why don’t you pause on being so concerned about the welfare of my children and hurry up and help me with the engineering part, this will really be a breakthrough, I promise.”
“For now, I still can’t be sure. However, I have something handy here that can tell if an object is from this dimension, or another dimension,” Reed said excitedly.
“What do you think, you little fuck, I literally just came back from dust! Is that not good enough for the great Tony Stark? Go ahead and blast me or cut off my head, darling, I promise I’ll still be fine after everything you do. Anyway, I picked up some newspapers, and I finally found out what happened. Some giant purple bastard called Thanus or something snapped his fingers and destroyed half of all living creatures in the entire universe. And I got my stupid fucking hopes up, because maybe, just maybe, Petey didn’t get snapped away. A few days later though, there was a newspaper article about all the superheroes that got killed by Thanus, and Peter was in that article.” Wade choked up slightly. “That’s why… I decided to come find you two. You are the only few people who really knows him the way I do, and the best parts of him. Before I came to find you, I spent a couple of months sitting in the alley of a bar and knocking myself out. I don’t know, I was a wreck.”
“Where’s your character?”
“It is what I think,” Tony replied shortly before he strode into the lift, and tiptoed to kiss Steve on the lips, wrapping his arm around his neck. Steve was stunned, and his arms remained limply at his sides as he slowly kissed Tony back. Tony’s moustache tickled, but it was a nice feeling. He could feel the arc reactor pressed up against his chest, cold metal against his own warm beating heart. Tony’s warm hands were creeping up his neck, and his fingers curled up in the shining blond hair.
He was jolted out of the flashback as Tony tightened his grip on his wrist, and suddenly pulled Steve down, and their lips pressed against each other. His lips felt so warm and soft – it reddened Steve’s cheeks, and he quickly pulled back. Maybe he was still pretty stuck in the 1940s, and kissing when they weren’t even together seemed a bit too liberal. Steve mentally chided himself. He was acting like a lovesick and shy teenager. That look would be okay on a youth, not a full grown 220lbs symbol of America.
I hope I have the motivation to write more lol this is all I have so far
“Always so eager for me, darling,” Tony said with a smug look on his face, before tumbling unceremoniously onto the couch, sliding an arm behind Steve’s back. The blond leaned easily into Tony’s side, feeling a slight tickle of Tony’s rough stubble against the temple of his forehead. This was the best part of his life, he thought. Even with J Jonah Jameson, as he could come home to this handsome man every night.
All of a sudden, the l screens with the game in progress switched on, and it startled Tony. His AI JARVIS was still in progress, so he was really confused as to why the screens switched on for no reason. The monitors whirred alive, and Steve woke up, glancing questioningly at Tony, before he twirled their hands together.
He would wake up with less than an hour of sleep, cold sweat dripping off his face buried in his hands, shaking uncontrollably. He hated panic attacks. He hated feeling like he couldn’t breathe, he hated it when the ghosts from his mind throttled him around the throat. He would stumble out of bed and wander to the workshop just to take his mind off the fears that tripled in volume when night fell, or sit at the bar counter and try to drown his thoughts out in alcohol. Being sober was awfully difficult.
Tony awoke to sunlight reflecting off Steve’s light blond hair. He was still fast asleep, and Tony reached out to run his fingers through that glimmering hair. Given that the other man was also an Avenger – he had a habit of sleeping lightly as everyone else did, ready to go on a mission at any given time. The slight rustle of his hair woke him up, and apologies started to spill from his lips.
“Love”
Teddies were usually given to children who had an endless wealth of love for them. They hugged and kissed and had tea parties with teddies, they drooled on teddies as they slept, they sneaked teddies out to school in their knapsacks and had teddy picnics with little sandwiches and juice boxes and apples. That was where teddies got most of their love, the love which they hoarded like treasures for the days to come, the days in the future where the children grew up and no longer played with them. For those dark days, they still had the ember of love that the children once gave them, still had the memories of sunshine and warmth, even as they spent the rest of their days stuffed in a box full of other childhood toys. For a teddy, that was what called happiness.
, he asked himself. Earth’s Mightiest Heroes, fallen under the fingers of Thanos.
(Bucky got back to his growling state after Steve was healed and attempted to go on dates with Tony alone again. Steve really started to consider putting Bucky in a box (labelled “Free for a good home. Must know first-aid” and leaving him under a bridge somewhere, but he knew that even if he left Bucky in wasteland Russia, there was a high chance that he would find his way home anyway. Plus, Bucky only had Tony’s best interest at heart which Steve had to be thankful for, although the scars on his shin tried to convince him otherwise.)
Then, Siberia.
“You guys bet on my relationship with Tony?!”
Captain, once he was no longer looking over his shoulders every turn for stray bullets and grenades, started to warm up to the new world around him and Ironteddy himself. And he was a great teddy. He made surprisingly crude jokes (
So began the chase for Sergeant.
“Oh, forgot about them. WALL-E-verse bots, meet Dummy, Butterfingers and U. Kids, meet WALL-E and EVE, who are 90% actually WALL-E and EVE in that movie you’re all crazy for.”
But still, that was nothing compared to how much Bucky adored Tony. He was extremely well-behaved when Tony was around, letting him touch and pet any parts of his body, even the prosthetic leg that he was usually so sensitive about. He followed Tony everywhere as he moved around the house and laid at his feet at dinnertime. He forsook Steve’s lap for Tony’s when they sat down for a movie in the evening and he whined and whimpered and pulled Tony’s sleeve whenever he had to leave. Even more than Steve, he treated Tony like a pup in his pack that he needed to protect at all cost. He became territorial of Tony, sticking close to him every waking moment and sleeping right next to him at night, he even snarled at Steve when Steve told him to get off the bed that one time.
“Hey, I’m interested in biology as well. Just because I have doctorates in one field doesn’t mean I cannot dapple in other sciences.”
Visionteddy found Ironteddy buried under the snow, his face half-torn and his arc reactor no longer shining. Captain’s shield laid at his feet, abandoned. Later, as Dr Cho stitched up Ironteddy’s face and Pepper watched on worriedly, Ironteddy told himself,
They all ended up in the castle. Shuri, T’challa’s sister, was beyond grief when she heard of her brother’s demise. Rhodeybear was saddened upon hearing about his friend Falconteddy while Raccoon and Nebula huddled together on a couch away from the mass. Bruciebear worried his paws as he fidgeted next to Widowteddy, trading with her quick meaningful glances. Ironteddy stood by himself against a wall, not reacting to anyone around him. It suddenly dawned on him, that Rhodeybear did not know Strangeteddy. No one here cared for him or for Spideybear. No one knew of the love they shared, no one knew what they meant to Ironteddy. In the following wave of grief, they were already forgotten.
Learning from his old mistakes, Steve had everything planned out perfectly. No more big gestures this time, they would just stay in and have homemade dinner, rustic and quiet. Steve had the roast in the oven and panna cotta chilled in the fridge. After dinner, Steve would turn on some music and he could give Tony a foot massage afterwards, since Tony was always a fan of Steve’s massage. And then, once he had Tony all soft and pliant, he would carry Tony to bed and worship his body like he was meant to do. And most importantly, Bucky would be out of the house. Peggy and her wife Angie were in New York for a few weeks and were happy to let Bucky stay with them for the night (well, Angie, who missed Bucky dearly, was, while Peggy just looked at his desperate face and smirked like she knew exactly why he asked them). It would just be the two of them at home, both phones turned off for no distraction. Tony was pleasantly surprised when he saw the neatly set dinner table, complete with candles and flowers, and decided to reward him so generously he could still feel the phantom of Tony’s mouth on his dick hours later. The plan went smoothly and soon enough, he had Tony spread out like a feast on the bed, legs opened and caging Steve’s waist, three of his fingers deep inside Tony as he played with Tony’s nipples with his tongue.
“I did.” The fidgeting with the tiny triangle increased, such that the deft actions seemed more frantic rather than disdainful. “Peter – the guy in the spider suit – he – he was my son. Adopted, but still my son and I loved him more than anything.” Tony sighed heavily. “My husband – I don’t know what has happened to him, I don’t know if he’s safe or turned into tiny dust bits, and it seems like I’m never going to fucking find out since I’m stuck on this damn ship, light years away from Earth.”
“Yes Sir!” Wade mock salutes to both Tony and Steve, which earned him exasperated glances. Tony trod up the staircase to go kiss Morgan good night, while Steve took out spare blankets and pillows for Wade.
“I fucking killed you because I couldn’t get my shit together and tell you I fucking loved the shit out of you. I saw you die right in front of my eyes, and I couldn’t even do anything. So much for being fucking Captain America. I held your dead body and regretted so much that I never actually told you how I felt,” Steve finished softly, with so much sadness in his eyes that Tony wanted to kiss him and never let him go.
“You say you’re Peter’s friend,” Tony interrupted irritably, “But there isn’t really any proof. He never mentioned you. I didn’t think Petey would be friends with a black and red weirdo.” Deadpool’s white eyes widened and his suit showed a trace of a pout on his face. “Please, Dad? Pops?”
“I’m here, because I think I either travelled back in time or travelled to another universe. You know, the multiverse theory.”
“What? Why do you think so?”
Steve stared down at the Starkpad. He didn’t really want lessons without Tony teaching him. Just because he didn’t want Asgardian Thor teaching him about midgardian technology when he himself was midgardian, not any other specific reasons along the line of him having a crush on the brunette.
“Morgan. Morgan Stark-Rogers,” she mumbled.
“I get it. The pictures weren’t yours, you don’t like me, right? Don’t have to explain anything to me,” Steve replied shortly, a look of pain in his eyes.
“I love you,” Tony crooned, while swaying unstably from side to side. “Marry me?”
Steve grabbed his wrist, and Tony could nearly hear his heart shatter as the way he held his wrist was exactly the same as when he defended Wanda and it was too much for him to take in. He couldn’t bear to hear some more cutting words and have more reminders of how Steve never liked him back and chose to blame him for everything that happened.
In the aftermath of Ultron, Tony was faced with glares and unhappy looks from his team mates at Stark Tower. People who he saw as family now gave him reproachful glances, especially with Wanda around. She moved into Stark Tower when she had nowhere to go after she lost her brother and her everything, and while Tony felt like it was the right thing to do, he did not want her around. The nightmares she planted in his head were just more ghosts that would never go away, more anxiety that would haunt his every footstep for the rest of his life.
He brushed past Steve, and walked straight out into the rain. Water pattered down on him harshly.
“The dream – it was the reason I finally told you how I felt. It’s the reason that even if you run away from me and hide in Reed’s office, I would find you. I would chase you to the ends of the world and at least tell you that I love you, because the one time I didn’t do that? I lost the only man I love.”
Tony wrapped his arms protectively around Steve’s small frame, and breathed in the scent of that shiny blond hair.
Steve was frail, sure. Pretty much a little ball of justice, and that could be annoying since Tony always had to make sure he wasn’t getting into fights over defending stray puppers or falling out of trees by retrieving cats for poor old ladies. However, his heart of gold was actually what attracted Tony the most, even though he would never admit it to anyone else, not especially Steve.
“The entire tower is sick of your staring at him at breakfast, lunch, dinner, on missions, everywhere. Honestly, maybe before this you didn’t want to ruin his relationship with Pep, but he dumped her because of you. What else is stopping you?”
“How could you treat Wanda like that? It’s not like it’s her fault, you were the one who actually made Ultron. You’re being really rude, Tony, what the hell? Now you’re not even owning up to your own mistakes - I thought that maybe you were a better person than that, but clearly I was wrong, I can’t believe I actually - thought – maybe –,” Steve trailed off, a steely look in his eyes.
I wish we weren’t just acquaintances, Tony thought.
Steve didn’t know what to feel. On one hand, he was pretty happy that he wouldn’t have to explain everything he said, and that there wouldn’t be any awkwardness if Tony didn’t know about his feelings. He would just continue being Captain America, and Tony would continue being Iron Man. Save-the-universe partners, just like what he said. He didn’t want to just be that though. He wanted more, especially now that he knew Tony felt the same way.
ANNIVERSARY PARTY IN THE EAST WING REC ROOM WOOT!!!!!!11!!!1!!! 10PM ONWARDS ON THE 2ND MOTHERFUCKERS BE THERE OR RISK SEEING CAP’S AND TONY’S NAKED ASSES
“I always pay my debts. You know that.”
“Pooh bear,” he greets his best friend.
P.S. Natasha and I have a wager, and I bet that Tony will start crying the moment you hand him this little gift of yours, so you better deliver. But no pressure. :)
The Secret Service agents form a wide circle around the four of them, ensuring the Vice President’s security and giving them ample space to talk with some privacy.
“I owe you a bottle of really good scotch.” It’s Tony’s way of saying
Six hours, nine boxes of Chinese take-out and some cans of beer later, Tony finally comes out of that office with a strategy and, even more importantly, Natasha Romanoff’s seal of approval.
Thor stands up quickly, his expression urgent. “What news, Darcy?”
It takes Tony a few moments before he musters up the courage and the words to finally answer: “Yes, I do.”
For a moment, Clint considers arguing back—that cupcakes had nothing to do with his fucking job and that Tony should do something about his non-sequitors but—
“Because I’ve been in this business longer than you have, Steve,” Tony says softly after a long pause, his tone dangerous. “Sincere or not, you still want whatever information I have on Pierce.”
“He's got balls,” she tells him with a playful smile.
“You know what? Screw what I was going to say. Love is a battlefield, fight for it. The Beatles got it right—all you need is love. Um, I’m trying to cram as many words of wisdom as I can, help me out JARVIS?”
Suddenly, Natasha spots some movement by the front of the structure. “Over there,” she points, and Clint drives slowly towards the direction Natasha is indicating.
“Thank you, Dum Dum.” Tony turns back to Rumiko. “I need you to listen very carefully to what I’m about to tell you, and I need you to trust that the information I’m about to share is enough for you to know what you’re looking for.”
“…You do realize that’s not how the metaphor works.”
“That’s beside the point.” Pause. “If this is not how it’s done, then tell me how it is!” Tony’s voice is restrained, but the exasperation is evident. “Convince me that shutting up and holing yourself in the White House while some idiots are running around and undermining your authority is the way to go. Convince me, Steve.”
They shuffle inside, with four Secret Service men following them, leaving two standing in front Tony’s front door.
“Clint?”
The party dies a little bit after midnight, and thankfully everyone who came had the decency to keep his house relatively clean—there was not much tidying up to be done by the time the last person had said their goodbyes. Kate bids Tony adieu after the last garbage bag is deposited in the trash bins outside the house, and Tony takes a very quick and very hot shower before flopping onto his bed out of sheer exhaustion.
“I agree. Sit tight, I’ll gather the team.” Tony quickly picks up his clothes to get dressed.
Tony smirks. “I’ll bet you a hundred bucks that the retrial will never happen in this lifetime.”
“Ask Clint, he’s seriously tried to convince Tony about a million times. He wants the royalties,” Cassie says, finally breaking Steve’s resolve as he bursts into laughter.
“Listen to me.” Tony places his hand on Clint’s drink and forces him to put it down on the countertop before Clint can take another shot. “It’s eating you up. And I know you take precautions not to let your personal life get in the way of work but Darcy’s passed along that you went as far as asking her to bring you a cupcake. Four times in the past three months, if my information is accurate.”
“Ignore her,” he says to Stan as he hands the Chief Usher his coat. “We brought a few things for dinner…”
“Justice Pierce is retiring,” Bruce announces to the room.
“Tony?”
Steve breathes a sigh of relief. “I’m really happy to hear that.”
They are quiet for a while. Tony tries to calm himself down with deep and steady breathing, Pepper’s presence helping him regain some much needed equilibrium. This has always been what she is to him—a steady force of strength and guidance—before, during, and after their intense romantic relationship. He had worked extremely hard to keep their friendship intact after their very amicable yet very painful (especially on Tony’s side) breakup, and he’s so grateful that they both stuck it out all these years. She is, at the core of it all, one of his very best friends.
“You’re definitely an adult. I’m not sure about Clint,” Pepper notes with a chuckle.
It occurs to Tony that this will be the first time he will face Steve since beginning their agreement. He doesn’t know how their new relationship will play out in front of their colleagues. Of course, the goal is
Steve gives him an incredulous look. “What?—that’s not—why are you being difficult?”
“Have I ever told you how glad I am that we’re on the same side?”
“But this isn't about Rumiko, is it?”
“I’d be surprised if I didn’t have it in the bag already,” Tony tells her honestly. He hears glass breaking from inside the house. “My house is turning into a frat party.”
Tony huffs. “Clearly you weren’t in the Senate long enough.”
“It might be,” Natasha answers honestly. “If we are being watched by Fury, Coulson, and their merry men, it will be because they don’t want us interfering with ongoing investigations, whether they be in the DOJ or the Pentagon. If someone else is watching us…then they don’t want us getting any closer than we already are.”
Steve mulls on it for a moment. He cannot accept that Tony is right, but he won’t say that Tony is wrong either, because he isn’t. “I understand where you’re coming from, Tony. I will think about it, alright? And I might have to discuss this with my staff. I can’t make any promises but…I will think about it.”
Don’t freak out, okay? But Mi and I decided to do something extra special for your 20
Tony’s brows furrow in slight confusion. “Did we already decide to have a coming out party without me knowing it?”
“He seems to have that with everyone,” Janet mutters under her breath.
“You’re right,” Kate admits with a sad smile. “Is Clint doing okay?”
“It was an honor to meet you, Mr. President,” she says with a little bow.
“Smuggling, mostly,” Foggy continues. “They disguise illegal goods and/or highly controlled substances with their packaging.”
“Great to be here, Bruce,” Tony replies mindlessly.
She hasn’t had this much sex in a really long time. She and Thor have been at it for the past three days, stopping only to eat and sleep. Clearly, they’re making up for lost time, and boy have they lost so much time with the campaign and the Democrats’ newfound energy aimed at making life miserable for the Republicans. They do have sex on a regular basis—you simply have to if you’re married to Thor Odinson—but there have been times that she has missed the ‘go at it like rabbits’ kind of sex that they used to have before Thor rose up the political ladder.
It’s a ringing phone that wakes Pepper up. She glances at the clock on her nightstand and it reads a quarter past six, not an unusual time for the congresswoman to be awake, but the phone call isn’t for her, it’s for her fiancé. That certainly shocks her system into full consciousness—it’s not everyday that Happy gets a call so early in the morning, so it’s definitely a surprise for her.
"Good evening, Mr. Barton."
“My apologies for the error, Mr. Odinson, Miss Foster.”
Tony tells himself.
Steve follows suit, sitting at the opposite end. “Everything okay?” he asks.
Natasha chuckles. “Well, for one thing, he’s still acting like the Tony Stark we know and tolerate.”
the villain of the story.”
Kate’s brow furrow. “Tony?”
Or maybe it’s just waking up as a congresswoman of the United States House of Representatives.
Fury’s face hardens into an unforgiving gaze. “You will speak of the President with respect, Congresswoman. He is the de facto leader of
“Oh wow, he is actually only slightly late to the meeting today. I’m impressed, Stark. Miracles do happen,” Wade Wilson greets him.
“That’s for sure,” Steve responds absentmindedly.
We may have retired from the business, but you’re still Mom and Dad to us.
“’I’m a futurist—‘” Kate imitates him in annoyance.
Kate’s victorious smile is not lost on Tony’s end. “Pleasure doing business with you,” she tells him. “But keeping Natasha and Pepper from figuring out that you’re in bed with the President, so to speak, is an entirely different and more expensive transaction.”
“Alexander Pierce and Loki are very good friends,” Thor says softly, his tone grave. “Pierce was Loki’s professor in law school, and he helped my brother rise through the ranks in the state supreme court back in Ohio.”
“None of us would be here without you. None of us would be here if we didn’t believe in your vision. And so help me god if 64.9 million Americans don’t believe in it, too.” The President-elect says nothing. Bruce tightens his clutch on Steve’s shoulder. “I’ve known you for years. You wouldn’t have done this if it didn’t feel right.”
he tells himself. Besides, if he infuriates the President again, Pepper will never forgive him. And Kate. And Janet.
Tony groans in reply and rolls over, throwing the closest pillow into the direction of JARVIS. As per usual, that translates into Tony throwing the pillow in whichever direction he wants, while half his mind starts conceptualizing a side project to create a holograph of JARVIS, just so he can actually throw his pillow at someone. Ish. Throw his pillow at someone-ish and god, it is too early to think about this. Too early to think about anything at all. Of course, JARVIS begs to differ.
Matt smiles. “All in a day’s work.”
Matt nods. “Yes, but that might not mean much. A lot of other big companies and even universities hire them to do research or augment whatever they’re cooking up in their own labs.”
“I assume you’ve figured out why my wife fainted earlier this afternoon?” Thor asks him, straight to the point.
“What does it mean that you ‘math-ed’ it?” Steve asks again.
“Wow,” is the only thing Kate can say. Clint shrugs and lets her in.
“Tony…” Pepper sighs, and pushes him away. She knows where this is going. “This isn’t a good idea.”
It still amazes me how even after all these years, no one has taught Thor how to turn off caps lock.
Steve goes straight for the refrigerator and skims through its contents to find something suitable to eat. “We’ve got ingredients for a variety of sandwiches. What would you like?”
“Hoover?” Tony probes. “What do you have?”
), but he gives her a small smile and a nod. He ends up being comforted by her words, too. A Carter trait, that—being able to provide solace despite personal grief.
“Yes,” Steve answers enthusiastically. He takes off his jacket and rolls up his sleeves. “Let’s get the federal government up and running.”
Sharon freezes, eyes wide and sad. She has Peggy’s eyes, and he knows that look. It’s the look Peggy had when her heart was too heavy. “I miss her everyday of my life,” she tells him, her voice cracking.
“Welcome to my humble abode,” Tony says proudly. “I didn’t graduate with an engineering degree, but I still tinker here and there.”
“I think that’s what makes her so damn scary.”
Tony nods in agreement. “And I’m sure the President wouldn’t have heard anything about the case the DOJ is building against Pierce. I don’t want to blindside Carol and Jessica Drew by giving them away.”
“I’m sorry too. For this and for what happened between the two of us.”
“Devoured? Defiled? Worshipped?” Tony traces Steve’s jaw with feather-light kisses. Steve doesn’t respond. “Use your words, Rogers. I can’t read your mind.”
“Some bad guys are coming into town, and we kind of want to stop them.”
Foggy points to the photo in the center of the pile. “Allan is the President and CEO of Alchemax, but he also sits on the on AIM’s board.”
Congratulations, once again. Here’s to another twenty years.
Bruce chuckles and walks in. “I don’t think you have a choice, sir. The American people have spoken.”
“180 degrees in the thigh, 170 degrees in the breast, and 165 degrees in the stuffing—makes the perfect turkey. Not even you can deny that, Cass.”
Steve’s brow furrows. “How so?”
“He doesn’t. It’s code.”
“A magician never reveals his secrets, sir,” Dugan replies with a mysterious twinkle, playing along. “But thank you, I try my best.”
Fury tries his best not to toss her out the window, but keeps the vexation on his face. “Watch your tone in this office, Hill. You’re not the Speaker anymore.”
The Democrats mill about for a few more minutes and say their holiday greetings and goodbyes. Tony and Jessica are huddled in a corner, some ways away from the well-wishing bunch that had congregated in the middle of the room.
Clint, overwhelmed by her honest approbation, doesn’t quite know how to answer that. He’s not used to sincere candor. It’s unforgiving, this world of his—cutthroat, vindictive, even merciless—but extremely fulfilling when met with the sort of authentic approval given by the likes of Anne Lewis.
“As long as she’s not in our party,” Wade says with a chuckle. “Anyway, I’ll see you on the floor later.”
The inside of his apartment is even worse. Take-out boxes are strewn all over the living room and there are dishes in the sink that seem to have been there for weeks. It’s a nightmare. Kate should have come before the whole thing with Natasha exploded into epic proportions, and way before Clint started showing signs of disrepair due to the aftershocks of the rejection.
Steve looks up at him and gives him a small, embarrassed smile. “It was a strange meeting. I don’t know, I can’t put my finger on it.”
Steve cuts him off with a wet, filthy kiss which Tony’s body immediately responds to. Things heat up pretty quickly, and with Tony climbing on top of Steve. But they are interrupted by a sudden ringing amongst the rumpled clothes scattered all over the bedroom floor. It takes Tony a good half-minute of ignoring the noise before he realizes that not only is the ringing coming from his secure team phone, the tone also indicates that the call is a code red.
Wade salutes, turns around, leaves the conference room and bids Kate goodbye. Tony takes a deep breath, composes himself and his thoughts, readying himself for the day ahead. “Kate!” he calls out to his assistant. “What’s next?”
Coulson responds with a smirk.
Darcy shrugs. “Was hoping you could tell me."
Steve laughs loudly. “You’re right about that.”
He has never really understood why he chose politics out of all the things he could have done. Maybe because it’s lightyears away from the world that had kept him in between four walls closing in on him, the world that made him afraid of the light that even until now, he still can’t face the mornings. He can’t look at the world in all its brokenness. He can’t look at himself in all
(White House/West Wing AU)
“Maybe you guys should come inside first,” Tony responds, his tone neutral.
, at least, had made the afternoon worthwhile.
Also: don't forget that you can communicate with the authors through
“What about Budapest, Tash?” He hates that his voice is small. He hates that he’s a fucking senator, goddammit, he can talk to a crowd of thousands and feel invincible, but in here, Natasha’s reduced him to this.
The door opens and Clint steps inside, but not without flicking a finger to the security camera. Not the one set up by the corner, which is a decoy, but the one on the peephole.
gleaming brilliantly under DC’s winter moonlight. Her smile is coy, and she walks towards Tony with an elegance that money and class cannot buy—it simply radiates from within her. He remembers how this grace made it easy for him to fall in love with her, how natural it was to just simply be with her. And with her standing in front of him looking as radiant as ever, it would not be so hard to fall back into that feeling again. But they had their time, and all their cards had run out all those years ago. Now an unspoken fondness and mutual respect remain, their strong and steady friendship weathering the years that have passed since they both decided that being romantically involved was no longer in their best interests.
Follow-up question. “Are you saying the Republicans are solely to blame for the federal government shutting down?”
“I admit I’ve been giving Tony a lot of freedom lately. I haven’t been asking too many questions because he’s been delivering good results for the party. And I like the fact I annoy Nick Fury whenever I let Tony lose.” Natasha sighs. “I don’t think I’m going about this whole thing the wrong way, but if you think I am, you should tell me now.”
Tony doesn’t miss a beat. “Yes.”
Jessica shakes her head. “No. The FBI is working on getting a warrant to search the New York office, but I suspect the vibranium will be long gone by the time FBI agents set foot in the Oscorp building.”
“That’s what AI means, Steve,” Tony says with a chuckle. “Started coding him when I was still at MIT. Took about twenty years and nearly a million lines of code, but I made it happen.”
He thinks of Rhodey, his best friend and closest confidante, whom his dad would have never allowed him to spend time with if he were still alive (that racist bastard). And Pepper, who spent a whole semester arguing with him relentlessly in their Political Communications class. She would have been sized up as a potential match for Tony in his old world, but Obie would have hated the fact that she had grown up poor and without connections. He thinks of Kate and Darcy, a glaring and perfect example of love in the face of adversity—he would have been forbidden to interact with the LGBT community had he stayed.
Janet jumps in. “Do we know who’s taking the lead on the case yet?”
the government being out of character of sorts. He
“Baby, you should have really taken a better look at Natasha. I could’ve sworn she had her fangs out when Darcy started talking about subpoenas.”
"You ever plan on getting rid of those ridiculous hipster glasses, Lewis?"
Pepper stops dead in her tracks and turns around to face Hill again. There’s smug look on her face, and Hill knows she hit a nerve there. “Excuse me?”
“I’m guessing Allan is based in South Africa?” Janet raises.
Pepper rolls his eyes at him. “Sometimes, I honestly can’t believe you win elections.”
“And according to the lovely Miss Fujikawa,” President Eliodoro adds, “that no dancing can start during a state dinner without so much as a by-your-leave from the President.”
He slips into his bed and is not surprised that he can’t sleep. Melancholy does that to him sometimes, so tries to get his mind whirring by sketching new designs and trying out new calculations on his tablet, as well as outlining a strategy for dealing with Loki and Pierce.
“Of course it’s personal, Tony,” Pepper says quietly, sighing in frustration. “I’ve known you since you were a lost teenager in Stanford. Being your partner for a while also helped in the
be disappointed in Congress, Tony. That’s my default feeling towards your lot.”
“Is she…” Kate starts.
“In all seriousness.” Fury is unsmiling and grim now. Back to business. “I can’t contain Hill, and as much as I hate to admit it, you know that as well. And you also know that if she isn’t put in her place, we all lose.”
“I did,” Darcy says proudly. “You’ll never believe what he told us.” She pauses and waits for any of them to ask, but they don’t. She clears her throat. “Loki’s here. In DC.”
Bruce shakes Tony’s hand. “Welcome to the White House, Mr. Speaker.”
“There were rumors that his company flirted with human experimentation,” a new voice chimes in.
I highly doubt that.
He might as well just find out who’s at the other end of the line and fix the problem later. “I’m sorry, Dugan, I have to take this.”
Yes, I think your Dad wants to hold you and never let go. Come to think of it, so do I.
Without thinking, he grabs his phone, types in “
“I couldn’t agree more,” he finally says to her.
Matt walks towards one of the metal tables and takes out a file from his briefcase. They all congregate around him. “Thanks to our lovely Greek friend, we have more information on Alchemax.” He opens the folder and spreads out documents and photos so that the others can see. “It’s a chemical corporation that deals mostly with plastic packaging for agricultural, health, and personal care products. Well, on paper, that is.”
“It was my pleasure.” Tony inches up and rises on one elbow to give Steve a deep kiss. He smiles at Steve through hooded eyes. “And yours too, judging from all those beautiful noises you made tonight.”
No preambles necessary—I think this is a fantastic idea. Tony may have his infamous public persona, but we all know how protective he can get when it comes to you and your brother. I can’t think of a more fitting gift to celebrate twenty years of a perfectly imperfect marriage than to give them such a private and intimate retelling of their love story from the perspective of the most important people in their lives.
“I guess we have nothing more to talk about, then,” Steve says after a long pause.
Fury continues to scowl at her and gets down to business. “I suppose you know what this meeting is about.”
Tony rubs his temples and sighs. It’s obvious that he’s very tired. “Look, you’ve made your point and I’m exhausted. Can we pick this up tomorrow when we’ve had a couple of hours sleep in us? Please?”
“For what it’s worth,” Clint presses, clearly irritated as well. “We sat on the information because we weren’t sure what was going on. The most important thing for us was not to jeopardize whatever operation Danvers was running at the DOJ.”
She doesn’t say anything about it, only smiles and gives him a hug. He is forgiven. “What’s next?” she asks, previous apprehensions set aside. She trusts Tony completely, and she has to have faith in him in order to get the job done, even when he does things that she personally would not do in a given situation.
After steering the conversation back on pretty, witty, and gay terms, the breakfast ends some half an hour later. Their cheerful parting, however, doesn’t stop Tony from hurrying back to the Capitol. His whole staff is gearing up for another fight with the Republicans—this time on gun control, which he asked Wade to take the lead on—so the office is buzzing with activity. No one notices him come in, which is exactly how he likes it, except for Kate, of course, who follows him all the way into the inner office.
“That’s just it. I think people
“I’ll hold you to that.”
“You and I both, sir,” Bruce says with a chuckle. “Good night.” He closes the door behind him, leaving Steve alone once again.
“Would you mind raising the partition, Dum Dum?” Rumiko asks, in which the chauffeur-cum-bodyguard happily acquiesces. She then turns to Tony, her eyebrows raised. “Really, Tony? Security reasons? And what does Natasha have to do with anything? I thought this arrangement was for PR purposes.”
With Natasha in his mind, he summons all the politeness that he can muster. “I apologize, sir—Mr. President. Uh… Can I ask how you got this number?” He mentally thanks Kate for calling Happy to pick him up instead of a regular cab service. He also mentally thanks Happy for choosing Dugan among all his other men. Another thing he’ll never admit to anyone: he probably won’t be able to survive a day without all these people looking after him. Case in point: this morning.
“I’m sorry?”
Natasha throws her hands in the air. “Jesus Christ, Mr. Vice President! Can’t a man meet up with his best friend and his best friend’s girlfriend without being accused of plotting against the sitting government?”
“Yes, you are, Miss Foster,” the doctor says slowly. “You’re one month pregnant.”
“Boys,” Natasha warns, clearly impatient. She turns back to the issue at hand. “There are still too many unknown variables, but this is a great start. Thank you Clint, Darcy.”
Natasha tilts her head and smiles mischievously. “The Republicans are in the doghouse and we’re in bed with the President. I’d kiss Stark, but I don’t really want to get on that train, no offense.”
Pepper is here. “Let her in and have her come up.”
After dinner, he offers them the nickel tour of the Residence, and both gladly accept. To be fair, Steve doesn’t know much about the history of the Executive Residence—nor the White House for that matter—but he guides them through the Map Room, the China Room, and the Vermeil Room. They’re walking towards the library when suddenly Cassie’s phone rings, the sound echoing throughout the empty hall.
Clint shrugs. “How is that our problem, then? You dug your own grave, live with it.”
Please keep reading, don't forget to bookmark, and leave a word or two to keep me going! Your feedback is always very much appreciated. Thanks for sticking around!
Tony rubs his temples. “Natasha is under the impression that we’re being watched.”
“Allow a government shutdown. You know we’re not going to accept the budget as it is right now. And I know you’re not happy with its current form either. It’s not going to get any better, Steve. Shut it down, and then we both create the budget. Snub the Republicans in Congress and let us both write it. It’s the only way I can see us passing a fair and balanced budget.” Tony is passionate and ingenious, and Steve can’t help but admit that it’s contagious. And the idea, if Steve is honest with himself, is actually not half-bad.
“Trust me.”
Tony doesn’t know what to say.
The Democrats would have wanted more time to shove the successful end of the shutdown in the Republicans’ faces, but Loki’s return to the capital has given Tony and his team a renewed sense of urgency, and another battle to fight. If Natasha’s speculations about the surprising appearance of Thor’s estranged brother are to be believed—and if anyone values their life, they usually believe anything Natasha says—then this isn’t just about a simple case of filling an empty seat in the Supreme Court.
Steve laughs, and if Tony is honest with himself, he kind of likes that laugh. “Tony…” His tone is suddenly serious, if not also a little frustrated. “I’m counting on you for this. I’m counting on you to do what’s best for this country.”
“Well, Ru, we’re glad we could indulge you for a night,” Pepper replies, clearly amused at her old friend’s excitement. “Especially since you have to deal with Tony for most of it.”
“Do you want to talk about it?”
“Why wouldn’t he be? His daughter was raped, for crying out loud!” Kate exclaims.
“If you must know, Miss Potts, Pierce always takes the lead on DOD cases that reach the Supreme Court. He might have some information,” Tony retorts. “But also, yes, annoying Rhodey is necessary. Come to think of it, it’s been a while...”
“The Women’s Health Act is a Democratic bill that’s fairly popular with the voters. They want us to try to save it by putting all influential hands on deck,” Pepper adds.
It’s Tony’s unfinished project, sitting almost inconspicuously on the main workbench. Steve is drawn to it immediately, and walks closer to take a better look at the device that somehow feels oddly familiar to him, like he’d seen it somewhere before.
Jessica accepts and smiles, recognizing the name and the face. “Matt Murdock’s partner?”
hard. In all ways, places, and positions possible. But it’s only a little bit before noon on the third day of the shutdown. There is still plenty of promise for the rest of the day.
“Tough. But I’m sure you can handle it.”
The atmosphere in the house is festive, though a little sullen because of Thor’s devastating loss. No one will dare to admit that it had been expected—the campaign didn’t spend as much time in Florida as they should have—but it’s still depressing to know that they had the White House at the palm of their hands, only to be taken away from them by a Republican who only managed to win the hearts of America with his blonde locks and charisma. That they lost to him will always make Tony puke a little in his mouth. He hasn’t even started running the country and Tony already hates the guy.
That throws Steve off for a good second, but then he regains himself. No matter how familiar they get with one another, Tony Stark will always be Tony Stark. He will always be thinking of appearances. “Of course. Shall we?”
“Not quite,” Clint answers. “A corruption case is being built against him. They’re keeping it quiet at the moment, but that piece of news will come out soon and he wants to get ahead of the game.”
“Hi,” he responds meekly, smiling through his nerves. His heart is beating fast and he’s sweating through his very expensive suit.
“O...kay?” she answers, confused. “I have no idea what this has to do with me.”
“Fine, be that way. At least make the sex video in Hill’s office?” he suggests. Darcy gets a glint in her eyes that Tony approves of. Kate narrows her eyes at the pair of them.
Clint sniggers. “People have said as much. I still find it hard to believe.”
She gives him a soft peck on the cheek just as the song ends. “You’re welcome.”
” he says again, but only to himself, remembering what Tony had said to him just a few nights ago. Was this what Tony meant when he said that something was brewing? Had he known that Pierce was going to retire when they talked two days ago? If he did, then why hadn’t he mentioned anything?
“I think I’ve overstayed my welcome here,” Steve says finally. “I should head back to the White House.”
Natasha rolls her eyes. “Let’s get this over with, boys. We don’t have all day.”
Thor crosses his arms. “Greed makes monsters of men, Kate. I would not be surprised if he traded his daughter’s dignity for company profit. If I may also venture a guess: Osborn threatened not only to pull his business from AIM, but to convince other companies to take their business somewhere else if Wilson Allan didn’t acquiesce.”
“Shouldn’t I be asking you that question?
“This isn’t just about a corrupt Supreme Court judge, Tony. This is something much bigger.” Natasha is deadly serious.
There’s a mischievous smile playing on Natasha’s lips. “It will be a little difficult to believe this, but I actually trust Stark. I don’t need to control him,” she tells Fury humorlessly. “He may be insane and over the top, but he gets the job done. And he’s entertaining to watch.”
(White House/West Wing AU)
It’s barely five in the morning and Steve has a pit in his stomach that he can’t get rid of.
Clint takes a shot.
“I know that face,” she tells him with a frown. “That face means shit went down with Carol and Rhodey. What happened?”
“Yes.”
“Should we start compiling names for his replacement, then?” Bruce asks cautiously.
“I never slept,” he tells her. “I don’t think I’ve had a good night’s rest since the meeting at the White House.”
Before Tony opens his mouth to call out for his assistant, Kate comes in, Foggy Nelson in tow. “This isn’t fun sometimes, you know. I don’t like it when people come into my office and insist that they’re on the schedule when I know they’re not,” she tells her boss, exasperated.
Kate and Darcy are the second to arrive, and by the time they do, Clint is already past half-drunk, and Tony has stashed the scotch away and replaced Clint’s drink with water and a can of Red Bull. The assistants shuffle in the house with the Chinese take-out (their signature eve of battle food), and as soon as Darcy spots Clint hunched over the bar, she sighs and walks over to tend to her boss. Kate and Tony leave them alone to set up the living room.
She takes a deep breath and contemplates her godfather. “How are you, Uncle Tones?” Cassie asks, a bit more serious now.
Tony swallows. “I know that.”
The usual suspects are once again in Tony’s house for a strategy session, the third time since the shutdown ended. They haven’t made any progress with figuring out what Loki is up to since their first gathering, so the frequent meetings are more of finding a reason to hang out and raid Tony’s liquor cabinet than anything else.
When his phone rings, Tony can’t help but feel the exhilaration of a new, and perhaps dangerous inquest. The dread is there too, as the stakes look to be far too high to make even the slightest of mistakes.
Uncle Steve. You’re better than them.”
as Associate Justice of the Supreme Court? He’s too far on the right, even for Rogers.”
Jane sighs. There’s no better (or worse) reason to interrupt her sex life than Loki Odinson wanting to hijack a seat on the United States Supreme Court. Oh yes, the shutdown is definitely over.
Clint shrugs, unfazed. “Plausible deniability. People know Loki and I have a…colorful history—“
Tony gives her a displeased look. “Jessica Jones is dating the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs. Why do we have to bring the President in when we have more than enough human resources at our disposal?”
It's easy enough to hate those from across the aisle, but no one ever told them that it was bad news to fall in love with the enemy.
. I am not letting this slide until you tell me everything you know about Pierce’s resignation.”
What Tony finds is a blonde girl fretting and bobbing about in his kitchen. A turkey sits on the far end of the kitchen counter, defrosting, and brown paper bags filled with groceries are parked beside it. The table is set for two.
Wade laughs. “Close, but no. I think it’s because we’ve got the sexiest and most gorgeous women in our party, and they only have Maria Hill.”
Tony’s face breaks into slight alarm, as if the idea of anyone willing to do anything for him scares the shit out of him. “You know I’m never going to ask you to do that.” His voice is small, somber, almost depressed.
his mechanical mind asks in panic. He’s already starting to think of upgrades to his firewalls, and maybe even make Pepper and the rest of the team new phones to add to those tablets to secure his privacy—in his spare time, of course.
There’s a box in front of you. Inside it are photos, letters, audio and video clips, and other mementos about the life you’ve shared for the past twenty years.
“It’s her mother.” Tony sighs. “Cassie, please, just talk to her. You completely ditched her to spend Thanksgiving with me. Just talk to her and then you can ignore her for another six months.”
Natasha nods in consent. “Not a bad idea, Stark. T’Challa will be there, as well as other persons of interest and various major GOP donors.”
But that was why he’d chosen Carol Danvers to be his Attorney General in the first place, despite major opposition from the most conservative members of his party. He needed someone with a tough, take-no-shit attitude that would stick to their principles no matter what.
The revelation that he might not be that important in Tony’s life catches him off guard and stings Steve more than it should.
“Even if he did, you know that’s not why I’m here. Taking care of you isn’t part of my job description,” Kate tells him, a little frustrated. “But sometimes, it can be part of being your best friend. You know how important you are to me.”
Hey y'all, Mima here!
So he chooses to do what he normally does when he’s stuck between a rock and a hard place—he bargains with the cosmos (he is an atheist after all). A few days after the first call, he decides to tell Kate. Naturally, his straightforward and fearless assistant is not amused.
Foggy glances at Matt. His partner takes a moment, dips his head to think about the benefits of sharing sensitive information with Elektra. She is an old flame, and an old friend. They have a troubled, toxic history behind them, but it’s not one without respect, loyalty, trust, and love. Fire and ice, Foggy used to say.
But he needs to know.
Damn. The guy definitely knows how to boss people around. Tony is so awe-stricken that for a moment he forgets that he’s also playing a very important role. Pepper nudges him, urging him to speak. He clears his throat. Everyone in the room is anticipating his words. “Yeah, let’s shut it down,” he says casually but with finality. He doesn’t take his eyes off Maria Hill. “I’d much rather work with the President than with the rest of you so, if you don’t mind, let’s shut this whole thing down so we can actually get to work.”
Kate snorts. “He hasn’t talked to me since I packed my bags and took a plane across the country to work for Tony Stark, Clint. What makes you think things will change this time around?”
“Yes, sir,” his trusty AI replies. “Although Miss Potts remains in the kitchen, sorting out the dirty dishes.”
Tony ignores that. “Anything on the other twenty-three seats still in contention?” He spots Pepper from the other side of the room and tries to grab her attention by waving ostentatiously.
“I’d like to change that,” he says finally.
Unlike the last time, the Democrats are the first people in the Roosevelt room. This is understandable—Hill and her team could be having last minute negotiations with the President right now, but of course Tony knows that if that’s the case, it’s all just a farce. If Steve Rogers is as honest as he says he is, he won’t double cross Tony and throw away his trust at this crucial juncture.
(White House/West Wing AU)
It's easy enough to hate those from across the aisle, but no one ever told them that it was bad news to fall in love with the enemy.
The path he’d taken had made him more successful than he could possibly dream of—hell, who would have thought that the skinny, quiet Barton kid who used to get pushed around by his older brother would end up representing the State of New York in the Senate? Certainly not him, whose dream then was just to graduate with a degree, get a good job, and live an honest life. And certainly not his family, who thought that he would end up just like them, petty criminals meeting the bare minimum to survive.
“Aren’t you two peas in a pod?” Killian remarks.
Tony takes one final swig of his drink and sets it down on the table next to him. The crowd in his house is gathering in front of the gigantic TV screen in the living room. “They’re ready to call the final numbers!” Kate screams from somewhere in the mass of people. It’s quiet all of a sudden, and then a jubilant howl erupts. Tony can barely hear anything over the merrymaking.
“Between you and me, Obie, who is sitting with the President of the United States and the Speaker of the House tonight?” Rumiko asks him coolly.
He was completely wrong on both accounts. Public policy was nowhere near easy, and Jane was most definitely not impressed that he was at Culver.
Steve laughs aloud in the empty office. Unscathed? Who was he kidding?
anniversary. Scarred me for life.
“Yes, but you’re not their brand of Republican. That’s something that can be used.”
America raises her hands in defeat. “Fair enough. Was just trying to have some banter, Bishop, like the good old days.”
“Do we know where the vibranium ended up?” Pepper asks.
Pete and I—well, it took us a couple of months, but we managed to put everything together in time.
And perhaps that short meeting was what made up Steve’s mind. He couldn’t really find any other alternatives to Tony’s suggestion, because at the core of it all, the Speaker of the House was right. Sacrifices have to be made in order to move the country forward, but for Steve, those sacrifices do not necessarily mean that people who make crucial mistakes will be left behind with nowhere else to go. Everyone deserves a second chance, after all, and he’s more than willing to furnish Maria Hill with one.
“I know him, unfortunately,” Pepper adds, the displeasure clear in her voice. “He owned a small research company that was bought by Oscorp a year or so ago for a
“The safest place would be my house,” he notes. “But not just me—I’m going to need everyone there, so if anyone were watching, it would be pretty obvious if the team started showing up on my doorstep. I need a way to bring everyone in the same room without risking being followed.”
Steve spaced out, gazing around at the nerve center as he could hear Fury discussing the Cube’s whereabouts with Banner.  Romanoff went over to one of the compute banks, flicking through the images, setting on one of the men who was possessed.
It was obvious that Steve wasn’t unfamiliar with to this.  As far as anyone knew, Steve had zero bedroom experience.  But Tony allowed himself to fantasize that Steve would give the
“Even
Carol starts laughing, and they have to stall another ten minutes after everyone except he and Steve come down with the giggles.
He loses track of time.
“During the Kronia?  We don’t usually . . . fine.  If that’s what he wants.”  Steve rubbed the ridge that formed between his brows.  Tony wondered what type of god would allow a goddess to act as his son’s patron, yet still demand tribute.  At least Howard never expected any more than the bare minimum.  “Question: How do we capture the boar without killing it?”
past them,” he whined.  He accepted the melon and put it back on the shelf.  She frowned until he picked up another clear plastic cup filled with slightly shrived grapes and apple slices and a strawberry parfait with granola.  She nodded approvingly before picking a second parfait for herself, then ushered him towards the salad bar.
“That’s my cue to duck out,” Fury announced, smacking his lips as he slurped the last of his wine.  “I’m leaving tomorrow, so I should leave you to yourselves and get some rest.”
“Your half?  How do we add my . . . oh.”
placed on a marble-topped table against the wall,
And no, no, that’s not a voice that he thinks in. That’s not his mother’s voice, soothing his fears, or Howard, hurling insults, or Steve, still wholeheartedly believing in him.  It isn’t a voluntary thought, or a randomly occurring one.  It was planted there, by an outside force.
It doesn't come.
Natasha knelt on the mosaic ground, fussing with the contents of a box.  As Tony neared, she cursed and picked up a large shallow pyxis, maybe a pous in diameter.  Wordlessly, she passed the jar to him, and began stashing away her things: other pyxides, bundles of dried herbs and flowers, vials sealed in wax.
Everything was different.  Everything was
The music swelled to a crescendo, and Jane appeared and began her march (or waddle) down the aisle.  Her dress was simple in design, white gossamer and a sweetheart neckline.  But beneath the layers of floaty fabric were tiny electric lights in the shapes of constellations, and her eight month pregnant stomach stood out proudly.  Thor was weeping by the time she reached him.
“Ah, yes, I have no doubts.”  Thor smiled secretly, and mimed zipping his lips.
that he had been in the office to explain things to Dr. Milhaven, and Steve had come for moral support, because hey, Tony had designed the arm because Bucky was Steve’s oldest friend, who was quickly becoming one of Tony’s closest friends.  It didn’t matter that Tony
He sighed and plunged his water skin into the water.
Natalasha, as Tony had started calling her in his head, was piloting, so he was stuck with Captain Beautif – Butthead.
Hardly daring to breathe, Tony answered.  “No.  I was needed, there isn’t much else to it.  Immortals . . . they’re envious of us, I think.  We die, and that – “
“I'm sure if he still made weapons, Stark would be neck deep-“
“He was an idiot.”
Rhodey thunks the empty water bottle on the floor.  “That’s the thing.  I can’t be the left hand if there’s no team for you to head.  And you can’t head a team if you don’t have your head straight.”  He reaches us and fluffs Tony’s hair.
“Stay back,” he calls out, his voice loud, just in case the thing spooks easily. It doesn’t.
“Maybe I should call.  Ask if there’s a good time.”  Tony muttered, digging the toe of his work Oxford into the plush carpet.
“I want you to do what you need to do.”
(Tell me if anyone's interested in possible smut in the epilogue)
“Well, I’m sure someone will be more than happy to show you around.”
"Haven't gotten laid since before Afghanistan.  I'm clean, if you're . . . okay with bare."  Tony almost sounded ashamed.
He saw her sad smile reflected in the glass.  “He always complains.”
“JARVIS, you up?”
She looked at him like he was an idiot.  “
it was the pre-nup thing.  “No.  I mean, we’ve put the plans on hold until we get it sorted out.  Steve’s not . . . they did have pre-nups back then.  And I didn’t really look at the document before we were gonna sign it . . . .”
Thor had gotten what looked like one of everything (not unusual for him), Bruce had a mostly-empty bowl of a lukewarm vegetable noodle soup, and Clint was chowing down half-heartedly on some of the same rubbery pizza.
Tony shifted awkwardly.
He couldn’t hear Erskine as he narrated the process, especially as the serum was injected.  It was searing pain flooding his system; he wanted to curl into a ball, at the same he wanted to run for miles.  It was painful not because of the injection, but because of his system felt like it had more energy and power in it than is entre life combined.
. . . they need definitive proof. “Steve. Do you love me?”
Bucky took a sip from his violently pink-and-pineapple concoction. (He was a certified mixologist, his talents abused regularly by everyone.  The diploma was hanging on the wall back in Camp Nelson, next to the picture of him being driven around in a wheelbarrow by Steve while wearing a silver foil “Birthday Princess” tiara.  Tony didn’t ask.)  “I’m only getting as drunk as I can so I don’t end up mooning the bride.”
noticing things.
“Sure. What do I call you?”
It was Times Square, but it wasn’t.  It was too bright; the paint of the signs was glowing and moving in some cases.  Billboards that looked like full-color photographs.
Tony zoned out at the vows (Thor insisted on doing them in Icelandic) and just leaned into Steve’s shoulder and let Steve hold him.
Sometimes when he thinks about her, he feels ashamed.  Because Maria Stark most certainly loved him.  That he knows for certain.  Maybe on lonely nights he doubted it, but deep down he knows she loved him, and he knows she gave him what she could.  It feels like cheating on her, in an odd sense.  Trying to find love from another person.
“I often wonder,” Steve’s voice said, close to his ear.  Tony didn’t turn to look at him, but savored the thrill of Steve’s hot breath ruffling the curls at the base of his neck.  “What made the gods choose Olympus as a home?  The first time I mounted the Kekropia, after the war, I looked down at Athens and all of Attika and the sea, and I thought I understood.  I’d never been allowed up before, and here I was, a king and a hero.  Now I understand better.  The Kekropia is fit for mortal heroes.  But here?  This view belongs only to immortals.”
“And . . . voilá.”  Natasha turned, presenting a short stack of blueberry pancakes, piled with strawberry and blueberry compote, whipped cream, and topped with a couple tiny toothpick flags.
“Acceptable.  Now, it’s been a long day.  We could both use some unconsciousness, yeah?”
“You gonna be okay?”
Tony put up the faceplate with a tisking noise, mumbling to himself about "Idiot" and "Never a chance" and "Measure up" and "Captain
hottest human he has ever seen in his house,
Instead he focused on Steve, who had crouched down to greet the children crowding around, looking up at him in wonder.
“As does my father.”
“No, that’s not what I meant, it’s just-“ Steve waved a hand and made a face.
the way some men were, but that made him all the more beautiful, sinewy muscle undulating smoothly under his flawless skin.
“This is this.”
“Are you sure?”
enjoy it.
did the person he fell in love with have to be so accessible, yet so untouchable?
Tony, still in his pajamas, marched forward with his jaw set.  Steve opened his mouth, but Tony held up a hand for quiet.
, and he’s happy they have that.
So Tony throws a gummy worm at his head.  Clint, being Clint, catches it with his teeth.
Tony nods, hangs up, and remembers that Steve can’t actually see him.
“He’s, uh, good.  Took him in to the doctor for a checkup this morning.  He’s doing fine, there’s no sign of infection, thank God.  Just needs more bed rest, mainly cause these painkillers are making him tired.  He’s up and about a bit more, though, but I’m trying to make sure he gets into bed before he’s out.”
“Speak for yourself,” Tony muttered vacantly, still staring into the courtyard.  “You dress your slaves in black?”
“Can I start on the B-side?  ‘Reelin’ in the Years’ is kind of my song,” Tony asked, sliding the wax disk out of the yellowed cardboard.
“Uh, thanks JARVIS,” Tony said hurriedly, and the thick air cooled suddenly, and the spell broke.
Caroline made a distressed-embarrassed sound, and pulled him away lambasting him about “sensitivity” and “being considerate of others”.  Steve had closed his eyes, and was breathing deeply, nostrils dilated and clutching the steel railing behind him in a death grip.  The people looked about ready to bolt, fearing whatever Steve would do.
from another time, and would never fully be integrated into modern society.  He was too honest, too trusting, too optimistic to survive in any time.  Least of all now.
He starts wearing the sunglasses after that, because now he understands why his father always said that SI would go down the drain after he died, because he had a son who wore his heart on his sleeve.
“Well,” Natalie fussed with the watch box.  “Hema says they will be.  Ria will take after her Daddy in a lot of ways.”
Tony opens his eyes while their lips are still meshed together, and sees Steve looking, eyes beseeching
“Peggy, this is my choice.”
“Agent Romanoff, would you escort Dr. Banner back to his-“
“Ah.”  It did make sense.  Steve didn’t seem the type to be hell-bent on establishing his own royal house.  “I hope they like birds.”
“Aw, sorry Cap.  As much fun as this has been, the idiots who are set on destroying the world can’t wait until Clint decides to watch Keeping Up With the Kardashians.  See you in the field!” Tony shouted over his shoulder, running to his lab to pick up a suit, leaving Steve with a half-finished sketch and a strangely empty heart.
“Okay, and that.  You keep talking about how you’re – how we’re special or something.  You keep having all this talk of being prepared, having enough people, of having the
“Nice digs,” Tony calls out.
He flees to his workshop, because
“That’s me.”  The man looked relived, probably because he assumed Tony would protect him from the river god.  “Hey, can I borrow your horse?  I need to get back to my city.”
But he shook himself out of it, regretfully breaking Steve’s grip on him.  They both shuffled awkwardly, Steve squatting down to fuss with the bag.  Tony spun once on the spot, staring at the landscape without seeing it, then once again, more slowly, as he took it all in.
China shattered, shards pinging off the tile, droplets of stew coving the spotless floor.  Tony jumped back, letting his stomach be covered by the thick fabric, but not before the image of tanned, lightly-defined abs, covered in a bit of wiry black hair embedded itself in Steve's corneas.
Nat blinked innocently, which always meant she was most definitely up to something.  “What on Earth?  Heavens, no.  But look at that, you and Tony are going to be
.  But you can’t tell people that you know what’s best for them.  You can’t decide that you know better.  It’s a slippery slope from well-meaning into tyranny.”
Maria sounded like she was crying.
?” Tony shouted, but Steve was already running.
, long and narrow snout with flared nostrils and sharp teeth.  Not the lionish characteristics of the East, but there is some sort of small frill and long . . .
Tony’s throat was dry, and it didn’t have anything to do with dehydration.
“Hey, Tony.  Before you go.  Palladium in the chest.  Painful way to die.”
“There is,” Steve responded dubiously.
“This is why I hate them,” Rhodey groused as he turned down the short access road that led to the chain link fence that guarded the base of the 1500 foot tower and the two-story service building.  The fence was guarded by key card access, but Rhodey just rolled down the window and waved a short-wave RF scrambler in front of the pad.  A siren buzzed, and the fence began to roll back, adding the jangle of the metal to the din of the warning siren.
Well, it probably wouldn’t be the last time he saw the man naked.
He felt himself shaking.  “I’m not gold.  I say I am but I’m – I’m pyrite, Steve.”
“I did,” Steve says slowly, like he’s trying not to spook him as he sits down cautiously next to Tony.
His mother liked geodes better.  Rugged exteriors that revealed sharp spears of color when cracked.  He disagreed with her, but would sit with her for hours to crack them open, investigating the contents with undiluted glee.
“Jeremy.”
So while his insides were bubbling and boiling and burning, he remained cooler than a freezer pop, only hoping he didn’t melt.
Steve waved a hand dismissively.  “Angitia takes care of her.  I hold no grudges.  They are happy.”
He and Bruce were still puttering around with illegally-downloaded files when Fury swept in like the angry pirate he was.
The next day, the others smuggled in burgers, fries, and a chocolate-caramel cheesecake.  Thor had picked the cake up from Junior’s, and had thought the fishing line they taped to the box to cut it had been a mistake, so he had thrown it away.  Clint had then gone through the nurse’s station, scaring them before he promised they could have some too, if they helped him find a way cut it.
HA FUCKING HA
“Yes, well. All the tests came out negative, which is good, so we’ve ruled out anything serious. I’ve consulted with the resident OB on duty, and she agrees with me that it’s fatigue associated with your first trimester,” the doctor informs them calmly.
Cassie raises an eyebrow. “I’ll let you tell this one, Uncle Tones, so you get the chance to paint me as the villain for once.”
Cassie gives him a shocked look. “You did not just go there.”
Tony chuckles. “Of course you are. You’d be panicking if aliens had landed. They would kick the shit out of us because frankly, the human race is woefully unequipped to deal with advanced space technology.”
Jessica ducks her head, self-conscious. Carol has always thought highly of her, and trusting her with this case makes that very clear. That thought, however, makes her even more nervous.
“I sense ill tidings for tomorrow’s gathering, my friends,” Thor tells them.
also haven’t changed a bit, my dear.”
Pepper can see the fear wash over Hammer, but he regains his composure a moment later. “Now, now, Pep.”
And we are live.
“He isn’t in yet, actually,” Kate says, and there’s that hint of
Clint takes this as his cue and slides in right beside her, gently taking her arm to lock it into his. “Present and voting,” he responds softly, kissing her cheek. “You look amazing—and deadly. Amazingly deadly.”
“Children,” Bruce warns. “Play nice.”
“You know we’re just teasing, Uncle Tones,” Cassie says as she gives him a side hug. “Come on, let’s head to the kitchen and show the President our amazing cooking skills.”
Tony replies with a salute. “I’ll give her boyfriend a call too, see if he has anything for us on the DOD side.”
“My friends,” he begins. “I am certain that you are all dismayed at the results of tonight’s election. Unfortunately, this is the game we have all chosen play, and in this game there will always be a winner and a loser. It is regrettable that we are on the losing end of the stick, but on the bright side, we lost to a formidable and deserving foe.” He pauses, waits for his words to register on their gloomy faces. Many of them nod in acceptance.
“Any paramour of Tony’s is a friend,” she tells him honestly.
Bruce gives him a terse nod and checks his watch. “Should we head to the Oval? You have a full day ahead of you.”
Kate’s face softens at the memory. She remembers those days clearly, those days when the work got too much, the people got too selfish, the world got too unforgiving, and the crux of everything that she was doing became lost in a sea of insignificant things and all the other bullshit that came along with the job. She’ll never forget Tony’s words.
“I must say, I mashed those potatoes excellently,” Steve tells them.
“Yes, you will,” Tony insists.
Still, that doesn’t mean that he can’t be pissed about Carol completely hiding this from him. But Carol and her team had ultimately done the right thing, and he didn’t need to be a genius to figure out that he’d been very, very wrong about Tony. He knew then, right after speaking with Carol, that he had to apologize for the way he had treated Tony during their last meeting, and he knew that he simply couldn’t pick up the phone and say ‘I’m sorry.’
Tony can’t help the wistful expression on his face as he watches this extraordinary woman walk away from him, and silently hopes that he never does anything that will cause her to walk away from his life forever.
“Any updates?” Steve asks, refusing to dwell on his emotions and getting right down to business.
“You stole my property—”
Tony laughs heartily, earning him a smile from Steve. “Well, you’re right about that.”
His grip on the chair loosens in resignation and he turns to face Jane, gives her a tired smile. “Yes, my love?”
Supreme Court staff. Of course, these were all just rumors, so I texted Clint what I had heard immediately,” Darcy explains.
Killian flashes her a wide, somewhat predatory grin. “We haven’t. Aldrich Killian, head of research and development at Oscorp. It’s an honor to meet the infamous Natasha Romanoff.”
“You’re right about that.” He stands up and tucks his wallet in the back pocket of his slacks. “Did you need something?”
Pepper walks over to Tony and squeezes his shoulder. “You’re still welcome to spend Thanksgiving with me and Happy in California. Flight doesn’t leave until nine tonight, I’m sure they’ll give you a seat if you smile and flutter your eyelashes.”
“Today, indictments were unsealed charging Alexander Pierce, former Associate Justice of the Supreme Court, for his alleged involvement in the unlawful release and subsequent disappearance of evidence pertinent to an Ohio smuggling case.
“You know very well that we’re in the business of knowing our enemies, Tony. Not that you're my enemy, of course.”
“I’ll see you tomorrow,” she says, and leaves Steve alone in the empty, echoing Oval Office. He takes a deep breath and shudders. That brief moment of light brought in by Sharon is gone. Sometimes the room can be too imposing, too impossible, to handle on his own, and the dark settles back in. Steve sighs.
“With how much you’ve sacrificed and done for him? Tony, that’s not even remotely possible.”
“Oh, thank God.” Thor kisses her forehead. “My darling, you’re in the hospital. You fainted this afternoon while you were preparing dinner in the kitchen with mother.”
Pepper doesn’t think twice about it—nobody does when Natasha Romanoff asks for you—not because she’s scared of the DNC National Chair (mostly), but because Natasha is one of her few good friends and they’re well overdue for an honest to goodness talk about matters outside of politics.
“Tony…” Steve looks around the room, utterly mystified. Tony had always been an enigma. Even after more than two decades in politics, he had always been seen as the most public yet extremely private government official—he was everywhere, and everyone knew him. But only those lucky enough to be invited into his life truly
“I don’t owe you anything, Hammer,” Pepper tells him with a scoff. “Especially not after that stunt you pulled in 2004.”
“Did you know that Alexander Pierce was retiring?” he asks Tony the moment the Speaker takes the call.
“Then how do you suggest we do this?”
Clint.
Tony shakes his head. “I’m uncomfortable with how you believe in the best of people all the time,” he jokes. “And if you did do your research on me, you’ll know exactly why I am all those things you mentioned.”
“Which reminds me,” Tony signals to Kate, and she hands over three small rectangular boxes. He gives them to Jessica, Matt and Foggy. “These are one-of-a-kind cellphones that I designed and made by hand—highly secure, with their own e-mail, messaging, and call applications, all of which are encrypted. Once you turn them on, JARVIS will guide you through the set-up process. No more communicating through your old phones. If you need to contact any one of us, you use these. Matt, I incorporated a small Braille keyboard in your model for typing and wireless earphones so you have hands-free access to JARVIS.”
Tony brings him to the basement, where he inputs a code and presents his fingerprints. The door opens, the lights turn on, and Steve can hardly believe what he is seeing. Metal tables line the wide basement space, almost all of them covered with tools and machines that Steve had never seen before in his life. He can hear whirring and buzzing, almost as if the whole room had come to life the moment he and Tony set foot in it. Tony is grinning ear to ear, and it’s clear to Steve that this is Tony’s sacred space.
“Perhaps.” He pauses. “Foggy is in DC this week. You might even get a chance to see him very soon.”
This whole experience with Tony and Cassie is a revelation to Steve. Family has always been at the front of center of his life, and with his two-tour stint in the US Army, brotherhood is not far from that tree either. But what Tony has shown him through the way he works and interacts with his team, and most especially through his relationship with Cassie, is something new—a family that, without legal, biological, or political inducements, chose to become a family. They continue choose to be loyal to each other and love each other every single day. Steve doesn’t think there could be anything more beautiful and honorable than that.
“Tash, why don’t you just call Tony?” he asks her.
On nights like these, he thinks about what it might feel like to drop everything, resign, and lose himself in his machines. It should alarm him how frequently these thoughts have permeated into his brain, sometimes freezing him into inaction for a good amount of time. It’s unhealthy and terrible for his job, he knows that. But sometimes—just sometimes—he can’t help but feel the heavy weight on his shoulders.
Natasha Romanoff has no strategy for this one. I don’t know if I’m more scared for your party or disappointed at you.”
“Hey kiddo, language. And no, not kidding. Steve thought we’d grace the White House with our fabulous presence tomorrow.”
Steve takes a seat and a deep breath, his thoughts jumbled. “
She frowns. “I don’t want to.”
the man you’re dating? The way he carries a suit
Anne groans. “Please tell me it’s not their rock-hard banana bread again.”
Happy holds her wrists gently and turns off the faucet. “I’ll take care of these. Go and take a nice, long shower. I can tell that today isn’t going to be a very good day for you.”
Pepper takes a moment to think about what Tony had just said. “Knowing Scott, he would have pushed you to run for President.”
“As long as family men can still talk about scientific theories, I have no problems with that.”
a major operation,” Cassie answers with a groan, remembering that year. “He totally math-ed the whole thing.”
“Clint, you don’t have to do this.”
“Yes, sir,” Bruce and Phil both say.
Bruce notices that Steve stops for a beat, dumbfounded at Tony’s cockiness, but he regains his composure almost immediately. “I can imagine.” The President turns to the rest of the room.
When he spots T’Challa alone at the far end corner of the ballroom, Tony manages to excuse himself from the conversation he’s having with some of Steve’s cabinet members. He moves quickly, masterfully avoiding any other discussions, determined to catch the Wakandan prince alone.
Tony tilts his head. “Why do you say that?”
“Yup, that’s her,” Foggy answers.
About half an hour into making fun of Maria Hill and constructing the outlines of their battle plan, Pepper poses a very important question, “What about the President?”
Steve holds his hand up. “It’s alright Tony.”
Tony smiles to himself. “Likewise, Miss Romanoff.” And they both hang up. “Pep!” he greets the tall redhead. “Congratulations on the reelect.”
Barring any surprise meltdowns in the Capitol, of course.
Rumiko takes his hand with a dazzling smile. “I would be honored, Mr. President.”
It’s almost 11 o’clock. He should be heading back to the residence. There’s still light coming from his secretaries’ office, the one adjacent to the Oval. He sighs. He’d told his staff to go home hours ago. He’s not kidding himself—he knows they’re more tired and even more on the edge than he is. He knows his whole White House is exhausted, and it hasn’t even been a year, but they’re all almost drained of energy.
Steve is—he’s my anchor. He’s my best friend, the love of my life, and twenty years, Jesus fucking Christ,
“I’m afraid we don’t have that in this party,” Bruce remarks, and Phil chuckles, much to the President’s dismay. “Look, sir. The situation in the House has become increasingly volatile. Democrats want our heads on a silver platter, and Hill and her team do not have a wide range of choices left in their arsenal. We’re dealing with desperation here and frankly, we need an iron fist.”
Kate doesn’t hesitate to go straight to the point. “So the DOJ has been investigating Justice Pierce.”
Clearly he hadn’t thought this strategy through.
“If you’re behaving this way, then it doesn’t seem like I do at all!” he exclaims in exasperation. “What do you want from me, Tony?”
As he walked past, Steve grabbed his wrist in an iron grip, halting his footsteps. Tony stood there, trying to control his rapid breathing as his mind seemed to spiral down quickly into his abyss of ‘very bad thoughts’. He shook off Steve’s grip. He didn’t want Steve to feel how badly he was shaking. A tiny part of him was a little happy that Steve saw that he was upset, Steve wanted him to be there at the communal area, Steve wanted him to stay.
“Put him through,” Tony decided.
“It’s been
He didn’t even noticed that he dozed off on the drab couch in a dark corner of Reed’s lab, until he felt Reed shaking him roughly awake. “Anthony Edward Stark, how the hell did you manage that interdimensional travel? Amazing. This is amazing, assuming that my machine didn’t test wrongly, but the probability of that is only 0.0356%. Amazing.”
The car crashed straight into him as more pieces of the suit connected to him, and he blacked out, with his last thought being Steve Rogers.
“Maybe he wanted to revert back to his playboy lifestyle. It’s none of my business.”
“Apologies, Mister Rogers. I took the liberty of showing Sir the video of you pacing in the lift, as I thought it was appropriate for him to get a clearer understanding of the situation,” Jarvis said, not sounding apologetic at all. In fact, a little too smug for Steve’s liking.
Tony laughed and pushed Steve away gently. “So I’m a thing now, huh? Since when did you learn to say things like this, Mama Rogers would be appalled at your manners,” he chuckled. “Come on, I know I can’t convince you that you must have a job because of your righteousness, but I want to show you the game I’ve been working on.”
“Oh, I broke a cup in my anger and there’s actually a piece of it here, stuck in my hand.”
After half an hour had passed, Wade came back to sit with them. Steve and Tony glanced at each other. They had talked about this before. Whenever they were sad about Peter, they could grieve for a while, and then they had to get themselves together. Life would move on. They would do what they had to do. They let go of each other’s hands. Wade hummed the song from He Man, apparently completely unaware of the tension.
“What the hell is this???” Steve exclaimed loudly. Despite the shock, he could not avert his eyes from the drawings of them kissing, getting married, comics of them bickering but making up.
“Is this me?” he whispered in awe.
“Don’t want to scare the little girl. Trust me, it’s not a nice sight.” He reached out a hand to Morgan. “What’s your name, dear?” Wade said with a surprising gentleness in his voice.
Steve breathed heavily into Tony’s ear, holding him close, and Tony felt that same tug at his heart.
Steve was stunned for a moment at this new turn of events. Clint watched him like a hawk, wondering how he would take the news.
“Hey! Stop laughing! Look at how cool Iron Man is! He has that blue glow where his heart is, blue like the the colour of your eyes. The rest of him is all red and gold, that’s so good-looking! Just like the creator! Better than your design which is totally tight spandex over your star spangled ass.” Tony protested.
He pushed Steve away gently, and stood up. Steve was still kneeling on the floor, looking up at him, dazed.
All that fear, longing, anger and frustration built up from the past few days was thrown at Steve in a single explosion. His emotional state was wrecked, and he was no longer thinking straight. He grappled at Steve’s shirt, and pushed him backwards. “Where the fuck were you? I fucking needed you!” Tony screamed. Steve, being 220lbs of Captain America, didn’t budge, but he also refrained from hitting Tony. He simply stood there as Tony yelled out expletives, pummelled his chest, shouted and tore his shirt. What could he have done anyway? He was looking at the man he loved the most, suffering and being torn apart inside – the best he could do was to let Tony vent out all his feelings on him. He could take it, anyway. It was only when Tony’s hand moved towards his chest that Steve started to react – but he was too late. Tony ripped the arc reactor out, threw it into Steve’s hand, and shuddered slightly before collapsing to the floor. The arc reactor glowing in his hand pained him more than anything he had ever felt, including losing his best friends, fighting against Tony, and hearing that Peter was taken away by the snap. His partner was fighting against his inner demons, and no amount of physical fighting skills could help Steve destroy them. He bent down and picked Tony up easily, before carrying him to the medical lab of the facility, where he fell asleep with his head resting on his arms next to Tony’s bed.
“Steve, our science experiment is very important too. It could pave the way for interdimensional travel, and we wouldn’t have to consider using silly, unscientific magic like that of Strange’s anymore for going to another dimension. Think about the possible consequences of this, Tony! You aren’t seriously going to let romance ruin science, are you? At least Sue is more understanding than your Captain, she sometimes lets me science instead of babysitting,” Reed said.
“Steve, I missed you, I missed you so much, fuck. I really can’t. I needed you so much. Where the hell were you? I couldn’t do it, Steve, I lost to Thanos,” Tony sobbed. “I lost the kid too. I hate myself more than ever for that. ”
Tony put his hand on hers gently, before she pulled back sharply, instantly wary. He raised an eyebrow, but decided not to say anything. She had probably been through far too much, hence the barriers put up between herself and everybody else.
“Jesus, Tony, I fucking thought -,” Steve choked up, “I fucking thought you died. I thought you were leaving me behind and I’m so fucking sorry for all the shit that I said when we first met. I said that you weren’t the guy to make the sacrifice play, you would only fight for yourself, you would never lay down on a wire and let the other guy crawl over you. I said all that shit and I never really apologised for it and now I’m rambling like you and you nearly sacrificed yourself to save all of us and I was so close to actually losing you.”
Before he even realised it, he found tears falling from his eyes, and he couldn't even stop it.
“No, it’s alright, I just need some time off,” Tony replied quickly before powering up the blasters on the soles of the suit and flying off to Baxter Building, leaving his faceplate on the hard gravel where Steve picked it up sadly.
“Well, it’s rather late now. And we, well, have things to do, so maybe you should go back first?” Tony says to Wade, who abruptly stopped He Man recitals and fidgeted nervously.
“We need to science, Steve, couldn’t you leave that talk for a while later?” Reed huffed in an annoyed tone. Dum-E wandered over to Steve, and poked him, before pointing at the door. Steve gently pushed Dum-E away.
“I don’t know if anyone’s ever promised to be there for you and broken it, but I won’t. I promise you I won’t,” Steve grabbed Tony’s metal alloy fingers in his own large warm hands.
“I’m Captain America, Tony,” and the taller man felt his lips curl up into a smile. “Emblem of Justice. Star of America. All the things I never got to be. I was always too weak to protect other people and I finally get to do what I want.”
“Definitely the erotic ones,” Tony confirmed.
“Why are you looking at me?” Steve asked with a twinge of annoyance as he helped Tony lie on the bed, and sat at the corner, looking at Clint.
“Oh, Steve, you’re awake?”
“That’s not even motivating me to want to watch with you, you picked a bad movie.”
“We’re Avengers. Our job is to save the world and honestly – we might lose each other any time. I don’t want to go into a relationship with that fear looming over me. I lost my best friend in the line of fire, and I watched as he fell off a snow mountain. I don’t want to go through that entire thing again, honestly. And I don’t want to turn into a hero that prioritises saving his boyfriend over the life of civilians,” Steve replied.
“What recurring nightmare?"
Steve put the Starkpad down on the table, and folded his arms, glaring at Tony. It usually pressured Tony into doing whatever he wanted.
“Sir is having a concussion, and perhaps needs more rest, Mister Rogers,” JARVIS replied evenly for Tony, who was lost in his emotions as he absently fidgeted with some details on the suit.
“That’s right, darling. And such powerful little girls deserve pancakes! How about let’s go back in the house and ask Dad if he’s okay with giving you pancakes as a reward!” Tony smiled, and scooped her up with one hand before giving her a kiss on the forehead. Holding onto her waist with his other hand, he trudged up the steps into his cabin house situated in the woods next to a peaceful lake. The small cabin was nothing grand compared to his old Stark Tower decked with the best technology, an astounding architecture of both steel and glass, but he found this much cosier. He was probably at the best point in his life now – with the exception of Peter. Peter would be so happy if he knew he had a younger sister, Tony thought. He would be the most protective older brother ever, would probably spin her a hammock out of webbing, maybe even cradle her to sleep while studying for his final exams. Five years on, and Peter was still unforgettable. Steve was the one who suggested adopting another child to Tony – they had to move on with life after all, and they were sure that Peter would have wanted this too. Morgan was the next love of Tony’s life, and while he would give up anything for her, it couldn’t fill that part of his heart Peter took with him. Morgan was Morgan… and Peter was Peter. None of them could replace the other, and Steve probably felt that too.
“You’re ridiculous. You obviously like him, but you just stop yourself from liking him, and none of us know why. If it’s because you represent America and orange cheeto guy who happens to be America’s president is against gay marriage, then you are a lot more stupid than I take you for.”
“We both lost the kid,” Steve whispers. The child that they adopted together, the one they scolded for eating too much candy, the one who always wanted to be an Avenger just like his dads. He was blown to dust, just like that. Steve was secretly hoping that Tony would bring Peter back safely, especially when he saw the spaceship, but his heart felt like it plummeted straight into a block of ice.
The position he had, leaning over Tony – it reminded him of a year ago, when Loki was messing up planet Earth with his powers and the Chitauri, and Tony nearly died. At that time, he was bent over Tony like this, while Tony was in the suit, laying on the floor, nearly dead. He was so frightened. Fear was coursing through his veins, as he saw Tony there, barely breathing. He had never experienced that kind of fear, even when he crashed the plane into the Arctic and thought that he would never get out alive.
“You can just tell me if you want to, you know. Tony’s passed out and there’s no one else. I know I don’t seem very intelligent, but it’s just tiring to have to comply to expectations of some form of intelligence, and I don’t want Coulson forcing me to do all the paperwork and help Tony in sciency shit if he realised I was smart enough for 5 PhDs.”
He closed his eyes, remembering a certain moment where Steve said,
, Tony thought to himself.
“No, she doesn’t, and if you let her know I’m meddling with more science when I’m supposed to be staying home to take care of the kids, I’m going to stretch my arms across the country to strangle you. Hurry up and head down to your lab to help me figure out how to recalibrate instead of relaxing in the lounge with Steve,” Reed grumbled.
Steve paused. He stormed in here at first wanting to clarify with Tony that there was nothing between them, and that he was offended by the ‘Stony’ pictures Tony stored in his Starkpad. After hearing that they were just colleagues though, Steve felt a pang in his heart. Maybe the actual reason that he came down was that he wanted to find out that Tony had a crush on him, and they could get into a relationship. Tony obviously didn’t feel the same way about him though. To Tony, he was just a colleague. Steve chided himself for being so naïve. Tony was known to be a playboy, always going on lascivious dates. Even if he stopped those dates recently, it didn’t mean that he had feelings for his sorry, star-spangled ass. All they did was save the world together, they didn’t even hang out that much as friends. It was always SHIELD missions that they actually had any proper interaction.
“I’m just glad that you’re a part of that 50 percent that stayed. I think… I think I might have ended myself if you went with Peter.” Steve moved up to sit on the bed and pulled Tony into an embrace. No more words were needed between them.
Chapters are so short I'm sorry!!
------
Her lips tilted upwards ever so slightly into a smile, before whispering a ‘Thank You’ quietly.
(See the end of the chapter for
Tony smiled. “Always so stubborn. I like that.”
With that last statement, Clint sauntered away, and Steve heard the sound of his footsteps slowly fade away. He stood up, brushed his knees, and walked over to the front of the bed, and covered the blanket over Tony, before running his fingers through those dark brown curls. Oh god, what was he doing? Stepping over the invisible ‘bro’ line into the romance line. Suddenly, he felt a tight grip on his wrist and he was shocked, before realising it was Tony. Anxiety shot through him like adrenaline on a mission – did Tony hear anything?
“What is Nick Fury currently doing?” he voiced aloud while typing, eyes fixated on the Starkpad. He heard a loud guffaw behind him, followed by a heavy pat on his back. Turning around to look, he saw Thor laughing out loud, as was Tony.
Tony thought to himself.
“Watch it, fucker. I’m not a thing. And certainly not Xavier’s thing. Not all mutants are weird and just categorised under ‘Xavier’s thing’,” Wade narrowed his white eyes at Tony.
He was in his suit, lying on the ground, and Chitauri debris surrounded him. The Avengers were all huddled around him, but frozen, as if time stopped all around him. His head rang, and he wasn’t sure if this was some post-death hallucination that occurred in the last few minutes of brain activity. What was going on?
“What? Don’t tell me you believe that nonsense Deadpool said about a group of people controlling our fates and the one called Nick Spencer wrote some shit about me being a Hydra agent,” Steve said incredulously with half a smile on his face that loosened up the tension in the room.
When Morgan was finally settled down, Steve came down to continue talking with Wade, who was shovelling down chimichangas as fast as he could.
“I would not advise that, Mister Rogers,” Jarvis said curtly.
He had come back with a sassy reply, but Steve was right. He was nothing without the suit. Human. Mortal. Emotional. Dead from a simple car crash.
“You know work is never any fun,” the blond grumbled. “The only one who’s actually my friend is Peter, and J Jonah Jameson keeps pestering him for pictures of some famous web designer. By extension, he yells at me too, and the both of us are like the laughingstock of the Daily Bugle.” A long sigh exuded from Steve, and the brunette strode quickly across their apartment to hold him in a warm, tight, hug.
Tony missed Steve. He just couldn’t get himself together. The thought of not seeing Steve before his endgame after having just lost Peter broke something inside him, and a physical ache tugged at his arc reactor. Maybe, just maybe, after the end, he could see Peter again… Unless the snap threw him somewhere else, unreachable… And he would be alone again… Just like when he was twelve, tinkering in the lab at MIT with classmates who said he simply got in because his father was Howard Stark. Nobody wanted to talk with the ‘baby’ of the cohort. When he finally impressed people, had his own achievements and showed the world that he was a genius, billionaire, philanthropist (and a playboy), the line between who treated him genuinely and who treated him well for his money and his funding became blurred. He was lost in the whirls of the high-end society, tumbling into bed with someone new every other day, goals focussed on amassing more wealth to fill up that hollow void where his arc reactor was.
“I was just arranging the date for the next peer help session. The one I went to yesterday was specifically LGBTQ, and one of the people there shared how he went on their first date since 5 years ago. His new date is pretty handsome, I heard, and he could finally cheer up a bit. I’m really thankful that people are able to move on.”
“I heard what you said, Capsicle,” Tony whispered softly, half awake with heavy lidded eyes. Steve huffed in annoyance at his own feelings. Stupid Clint, making him pour out his heart in front of Tony at 1am in the morning. His life suddenly sounded like a romance soap opera and he wasn’t used to the genre change from action and thriller.
“I – actually need to find Reed Richards – about something that happened up there, and I need to understand some things,” Tony replied shortly. Hearing that disappointment just wrecked Tony more than he already was.
That made Steve huff even more in annoyance, and he stalked off to sit down on a couch in the corner of Tony’s bedroom, before closing his eyes and slowly drifting off to sleep.
“I wasn’t in the tower. I was bored out of my mind, and I really wanted Starbucks, so I shot an arrow to the nearest building with Starbucks and ziplined my way there. Also, I have no idea why you’re saying Pepper rejected Tony because he dumped her like 5 weeks ago when you were on the SHIELD mission,” Clint retorted.
“Well, I must say I’m surprised! Petey always talked about his cool dads and how they were the best people in the world, and here they are not wanting to shake my hand. Wade, you idiot, what were you thinking? You didn’t even tell them who you are, and you flew in through the damn window! Hi, I’m Wade. Deadpool, if you’re looking for my made-up name. Is that a good enough introduction?” The man who called himself Wade then turned his head to the side, before he talked to seemingly thin air.
And talk to him again, again, again.
“How was your sleep, Tony?” Steve slurred, half awake.
“We need to talk, Tony, couldn’t you put that down for a while?” Steve asked.
Morgan screamed. Steve stared daggers at Wade, before hushing her down with a few soft words and forehead kisses.
“Romance?” Tony whipped around to look at the screen. How dare Reed even mention anything about his crush, or rather, legitimate adult attraction, to Steve?
“Me too,” Steve replied with a lopsided smile. “I’m so glad that I don’t have that recurring nightmare anymore now that you’re in my arms through the night.”
“You just heard wrongly, Tony, go to bed.”
Steve glanced at the digital clock on Tony’s bedside table. 1am, and he suddenly felt like telling Clint all about his insecurities which was weird. Not only because it’s not in his character to open up, but because it was Clint. Honestly. The Clint that was allergic to seriousness.
“I’ll talk, I’ll talk, jeez, Petey’s Dad and Petey’s Daddy, could I have a break from those glares? Right. I know that Petey – he’s – he’s gone. And I just wanted to see if you guys were okay. If you guys needed help. I know he cared a lot about the both of you. You two meant the world to him, from the first day you gave him a home. We’re good friends. I’m not really supposed to tell you about how he met, but here goes. He snuck out of home one day, just while Tony was working on Avenger weapons things and dear Captain here was out on a mission. I don’t know how, but yes, he did. You guys were so hard on him, and all he wanted to do was to be like you guys. Avengers. Saving people. Even if he could save the neighbouring old lady’s cat, he wanted to do that, because he felt like that way, he could live up to the mantle of his two dads. However, you all grounded him. Didn’t let him do his own thing, forced him to live a normal life. That’s not what he wanted, so he snuck out to be the friendly neighbourhood Spiderman. There was this little pervert rapist ruining the lives of girls who frequented the clubs around the area, so I decided that I would just kill him. You know, cut his hands off so that he can’t do shit. Maybe stab him after that.”
He knows his senior staff can feel his unease as soon as he walks into the Oval, but the staff meeting proceeds as smoothly as it usually does. The last ten minutes of the meeting, as it has been for the past couple of months, is devoted to the budget, and Steve listens to arguments and plans that have been said out loud before. He tries not to look annoyed, but as the meeting ends without anything new to be put on the table, he cracks slightly and dismisses his staff with, “Don’t bother coming back in this office without bringing imagination.”
He dries off and heads to his closet where he is faced with a myriad of clothing choices. At this point he can’t even bring himself to care about what suit he’s going to wear, but his clothes have, to some degree, been a type of armor for him his whole life. Growing up under the shadow and the iron fist of Howard Stark meant that he had to create a public persona beginning the age of four, and he had to learn how to hide his true self from the world—give the people something about you to talk about, so they don’t have to talk about
“Thank god for that,” Steve says with genuine relief, and proceeds to kiss Tony with all that passion and hunger that he had to control for the whole evening.
We’re too old for this shit.
“We had an agreement, Romanoff,” Fury says, a threat looming behind that statement somewhere.
“But…” Cassie trails off, unsure if she should continue.
“Look, I’m all for rebelling against the system and all that—I’m the poster boy for it, believe me—but there’s a reason why things like not calling the President by their given name are done,” Tony tries to explain, a little exasperated.
Tony tells himself with a prayer.
Steve doesn’t answer that, and he tries very hard not think of the life he and Peggy could have had here. There’s no way Tony couldn’t have known about Peggy, so he must have said that as retaliation for Steve’s earlier observations about Tony’s character. Despite the rapport that they’ve established over the course of this whole budget debacle, he suspects that Tony is still very wary of this new relationship, thus the tit for tat attitude.
“Wait, hold on a second. Does anyone not see what the Republicans are trying to do here?” Tony asks the room after a beat.
“I want to talk about Maria Hill,” he states more forcefully, more like a commander-in-chief.
He used ‘we.’”
“You know I love you, asshole.”
Tony turns off the shower and wallows in the mist for a moment, listening as the water drips down onto the bathroom floor. He sighs in defeat.
“So is this how it’s going to be?” Steve asks quietly. “Is this how you’re going to react every time something like this happens?”
Tony leans his seat back, crossing his legs on the top of his desk. “I think you know what I’m talking about.”
“For gods’ sake, Loki. You Are being asked to
Clint shrugs. “Old habits die hard, I suppose.”
“If it isn’t the formidable Pepper Potts!”
“We fuck, Clint. And we work well together. That’s all this really ever was, I thought you knew that.”
“Through the grapevine,” she answers. “Don’t ever call me sweetheart again, Stark.”
“That bad, huh?”
Rumiko laughs. “What reality are you living in, Obie?
"That was one time, sweetie. And don't tell me it wasn't worth having Senator Logan lose his bet with Wade."
“—and you get that fucking glint in your eye every time she’s on TV, which is basically everyday—“
Not yet. You’ve got…a little less than twenty minutes.
“What do you mean you forgot about that? How in the fresh hell could you forget about something like that, Tony?” Kate asks him, dumbfounded.
He stands there for a bit as Anne putters about in the kitchen, not knowing what to do. With the girls and Darcy’s father out buying last-minute provisions at the store, it’s just Clint and Anne. He’s not used to standing by while people around him do all the work—that’s just not how he’s built.
“And now we’re here,” Steve says finally, a little exhausted. “I haven’t slept, I’m all over the place, and the sitting room has paint everywhere.”
Tony shrugs and points to Natasha. “Boss’ orders.”
“That’s…actually not a bad idea.” Tony tilts his head, his interest piqued. He takes a moment to think. “Hypothetically speaking, how much time would you and Darcy need to be able to put together something convincing?”
“CALIFORNIA!” they all yell back.
He chuckles to himself. That’s not an unusual thing to happen after their little soirees.
“I’m not sure, but Darcy has an idea. Just remember not to mention Natasha in front of him.” Kate says with her eyebrow raised, like Tony’s a child he needs constant reminding, like she’s daring him to go on and ask some more. Tony realizes then that it’s not only because the women on their side are the sexiest and most gorgeous, it’s also because they’re the most fucking
When the President gives the floor to the members of the United States Congress to begin the negotiations, the two sides erupt into chaotic debate. It’s no surprise, really, and Tony just wants to sit back and watch everything unfold while eating popcorn. He lets Pepper handle the reins for the most part of the arguing—Tony will intervene when it’s time. He glances at Steve every once in a while, and it’s clear that he’s also waiting for the right opportunity to jump in just like Tony. He’s sneaking glances at Tony, too, trying to determine if the moment is right for the picking.
“I’m not sure invoking Clint was the best thing to do at this point,” he replies with a dark chuckle.
“A bit nervous,” Jessica responds with an anxious laugh.
she kept referring to me as her big brother, kept asking me to tell her stories, watch movies with her. It was a little annoying, actually.
Then maybe you should read the e-mail.
Well, what do we have here? ;)
“Aye,” Thor complies.
Pepper walks to the edge of the desk and rests her palms on top of it, her expression dark and hostile. She has had enough. “Don’t think for one second that we don’t know what you’re trying to do here, Hill.” She leans in closer. “In case you haven’t noticed, we have a comfortable majority in the House. Your beloved Republican budget will never pass on our floor.”
Tony cuts him off, not wanting to hear the rest of it. “I know.”
“Ah, this is where it gets interesting,” Foggy says, his tone going a notch more excited. “Richard Parker is a scientist who worked for Oscorp for around ten years before finally retiring from the research industry in 2010. He approached Matt and me around the same time that Hell’s Kitchen was blowing up, because Oscorp had requested him to come back for a short contract to experiment on some new material they had come across.”
Tony nods. “Yes.”
“That wasn’t the impression that I got yesterday,” Tony answers rather honestly, defenses now starting to come up. As much as Steve sounds genuine, he doesn’t like this sudden return to their rapport.
“Thanks,” he responds wearily. “Couldn’t sleep last night. You’ve got to give me credit for trying, though. I told JARVIS to go on sleep mode and everything.” He tries to put a little humor in his voice, but judging by the concerned look on Pepper’s face, it’s not working. “Natasha send you?” he asks, a little resigned.
“Of course,” and she heads out.
Steve bursts out laughing, finding the question incredibly funny yet extremely terrifying at the same time. “Is it that obvious?”
“Take that lovely Kate Bishop, for example,” Anne continues, her tone fond and excited. “What a wonderful girl. Darcy absolutely adores her.”
“Good morning to you, too,” he greets her, a little too energetic for someone who was up all night.
Natasha raises an eyebrow, suspicious of where the conversation is headed. “I know that’s not the question that you really want to ask me.”
“Please, call me Aldrich.”
Tony stands in front of her, carrying a plate on each hand as she serves the pasta. He lays both down on the table and they sit for dinner.
Cassie shrugs. “Suit yourself. More for me.”
Kate takes a moment before she speaks. “Maybe you should move in. This apartment is much nearer to the Hill than yours, and you already spend most of your time here anyway,” she proposes gently. “You don’t need to decide now, but the offer stands.”
Jane shakes her head. “You don’t understand. Loki hates DC because he thinks it’s Thor’s playground. Thor has power here, and Loki doesn’t like that. He doesn’t like coming in second, which is why he chooses to stay in Ohio where he’s chief judge of the north district.”
Kate quickly begins whipping her head to examine Tony’s office, suddenly nervous.
“I apologize, good sir,” Tony drawls out with a perfect British accent. He can practically hear Tony bowing at the other end of the line. He has to admit, the humor is a welcome respite from the fatigue and sorrow that are trying to swallow him whole.
“But that was
Telling Sharon, however, is another entity altogether. While Phil and Bruce are his teammates, Sharon is the only family he has left. She loved Peggy fiercely, and saw her as a role model growing up. They were both extremely close, treated each other like sisters, and when Peggy walked down the aisle to marry Steve, Sharon was right there with her as her maid of honor. Telling Phil and Bruce was all about strategy, messaging, and perception. Telling Sharon is all about love, loyalty and family.
“Service second to none,” she finally says, the fondness and nostalgia clear in her tone.
Tony hands Clint his drink. “Good to have you back, birdy. What you did back there was brilliant, by the way, if I do say so myself.”
“I swear to God, Thor, if that’s anyone from your team, I’m going to kill them.”
Outside the White House, Tony releases a breath he didn’t know he’d been holding.
“Right away, sir.” JARVIS’ voice echoes throughout the bathroom.
“Maybe that’s why your pathetic attempt at a relationship didn’t work. You can’t be both the dominant.”
“Let me guess,” Natasha cuts in. “Oscorp happens to be one of their clients.”
Pepper doesn’t ask again.
“Dammit, Tony,” Natasha complains, clearly irate.
“Right.” Tony clearly does not believe him, but doesn’t seem to want to press on. “Have any idea when we might finish all this? I want to get everything up and running again. Frankly, this whole shutdown bit is getting old.”
America’s beautiful wild hair makes it easy to spot her in the crowd of government workers trying to let off some steam in the middle of the workweek. There are a number of people trying to get her attention, which isn’t surprising at all—America is bright and commanding, the kind of person everyone wants to be friends with. Kate was easily drawn to her during their first year of university, and they’ve been friends ever since.
Thankfully, Steve stops blushing about fifteen seconds before Cassie enters the library, looking annoyed but not entirely contrary. She flops down on one of the armchairs and complains about her mother in great detail, much to the relief of both Tony and Steve, still clearly reeling from what had happened against the bookshelves.
“SHIELD is
Foggy smiles, triumphant. “In a nutshell.”
“Reed Richards is carrying the torch for both budget and appropriations,” Hank answers. “He’s keeping everything close to his chest at the moment.”
“It’s not a bad idea and could come out good for this administration in the end,” Phil had said when Steve called his senior staff in to discuss about it a few days ago.
Thor smiles. “I would never dream of it.”
“I’d have to agree with Pepper on this one,” Janet adds, nodding. “There was apparently some prosecutorial misconduct in the first trial and the ruling was overturned. It’s been a few years, but they’re still waiting for a retrial.”
Cassie groans and pulls him back. “No, Uncle Tony! Get in the damn car so we can go and we can finally start cooking. I was taught better than to keep the President of the United States waiting.”
There is really no rest for the wicked.
She shakes her head.
“Yeah?”
Enjoy this chapter. Think of it as an early Christmas gift.
, bitches!” he hears Kate yell to the rest of his staff. He hears some whoops and catcalls and he can’t help but smile. Kate has always been the perfect image of enthusiasm and bloodlust wrapped in a pretty and very competent package. The same is true for all the others who work in the office of the Speaker of the House.
Tony shrugs, uncaring. “What can I say? I’m a hard man to catch.”
Thor nods. “We’re both perfectly healthy and there is nothing wrong biologically that should be hindering us from having a baby.”
I’ll be up in an hour or so. I just want to finish engineering Mia’s designs.
“You’re going to have to find a way,” she insists. “Because if someone is trying to figure out how to turn vibranium into a weapon, then we have to be ready with a good offense.”
She rolls her eyes. “What I was about to say before I was rudely interrupted was that I don’t think we were brought there so Fury and Coulson could scold us about not sharing our toys with the other kids in the playground.”
Now it’s Kate’s turn to throw her hands up in the air. “Yes!” She kisses Tony’s cheek. “Best boss ever. I can’t wait to tell Darcy.”
Tony laughs heartily. “This is why you’re my favorite, Dum-Dum. Besides the great nickname, of course.” He slides inside car and they start the drive to the Hill. “How are the kids?” he asks his chauffeur for the day. Contrary to popular belief, Tony actually cares about people, especially people who take the time to make sure he’s alright, but he’ll never say that out loud to anyone ever.
Feels like I’m in a horror movie.
“You know, I’d never thought I’d say this, but I’m excited to be working with you, Stark.”
Apparently this was what Uncle Clint meant when he said YOLO
Steve closes his eyes, a little hurt. But he guesses that he deserves the cold tone that’s coming from the other end of the line. He’s owed Bucky Barnes a call anyway, just not one that’s professional in nature.
“Tony. Did you know?”
“Parker thinks it’s because Oscorp never wanted him to retire in the first place, and has been constantly wooing him with high-level, high-budget, short-term research contracts. He says that this sort of behavior has been consistent these past two years, but then none of the previous offers included highly controlled metal,” Foggy clarifies.
“Do you really?” Tony challenges. He knows that he’s testing the limits of the white flag that Steve is metaphorically waving in front of him, but he’s tired of all the fun and games. And if this is one of Steve’s tactics to get him to talk, well, as they say—fool him once and all that.
If there is one thing that haunts Tony about his former life, it’s this—a pipedream that he had chased secretly for years, even well into his booming political career. He would do research and tinker even in his busiest and most stressful of times, something which he can’t afford to do anymore now that he’s Speaker of the House.
Tony gives her a look that says he’s really not amused.
Natasha crosses her arms and raises an eyebrow. “You called us, remember?”
He never really expected their…reluctant partnership to turn out so well. He never even expected to like Steve Rogers as both a person and the President of the United States, but shit happens. He can’t help but think highly of the man now, can’t help but want his respect and be in his good graces.
Hill laughs like that was the funniest thing in the world. “Oh, really, is that what this is about?
might be the real story. According to Bruce, everything checks out—Pierce’s three-year-old granddaughter having been diagnosed with autism and his widowed daughter needing help to raise her. And yet, there is a nagging feeling in his gut that says
“And with Justin Hammer as a last-minute addition to the guest list?” Pepper repeats, with a note of alarm in her voice. “This doesn’t feel right. All the weapons manufacturers here tonight have been antagonistic towards Tony—and the entire Democratic Party, for that matter—since the Stane-Hammer partnership of 2004. And they’re not huge fans of the President either.”
“Hm,” Kate says with a tilt of her head. “I don’t think it’s a bad thing, actually.”
“We?”
haunted him throughout the night, and it kept him from closing his eyes for more than five minutes. He couldn’t sleep at all. He set up an easel and canvas in the private sitting room, right in front of the windows overlooking the South Lawn, and painted all night.
It's easy enough to hate those from across the aisle, but no one ever told them that it was bad news to fall in love with the enemy.
They fall back into silence again. When Kate starts a different conversation, it's shop talk, and it’s more about her apprehensions. “Do you think Tony is doing the right thing?” she asks softly, tentatively.
, not subpoenaed, to appear before DOJ lawyers to testify regarding allegations that Justice Pierce is implicated in a number of fraud and bribery cases.”
“But Steve, if we’re going through with this…” Tony trails off, not sure how to continue.
“Good morning, Mr. President, Bruce,” Phil greets them.
He doesn’t know how long it lasts, five seconds, five hours, maybe five million years, but it feels as though they could go on forever like this, kissing against the bookshelves, their literary heroes and heroines bearing witness to something new and beautiful and quite frankly, scary. Steve’s hands cup Tony’s face, and Tony’s hands grips Steve’s hips, neither of them wanting to let go.
They’ve been playing this weird sort of dance for about nine months, where sometimes Tasha comes over and they discuss business and Clint thinks that maybe that’s all they are: colleagues, friends, and then she throws him completely off-guard by leaning into him when they laugh over that time the Republicans tried to convince the Senate that pizza is in fact a vegetable. Sometimes he catches
brokenness. But he grew up in the world of engineering. He grew up in the world of fixing things, of looking at problems from all angles and then diving in to try to make things right again. That’s why, even though he’s not a morning person, he always, always wakes up in the morning, makes his coffee, watches the morning news, and then tries to save his country from damnation one day at a time.
The questions continue for a few more minutes. Pepper steals a glance at Natasha. “So?”
“All the more reason for her to go,” Tony suggests. “Hill gets riled up when Pepper argues with her. She loses her composure, which exposes her weaknesses. Pep should go.” He makes a few notes on his tablet. “And I’ll talk to Clint, ask him to take the temperature of the bill in the Senate.” They all nod in agreement. “Are we good? Then meeting is adjourned.”
Well, it wasn’t as if Tony Stark gave a flying fuck, that much Scott knows.
Parties have never been Steve’s thing. He has never had a taste for them—not when the more popular kids in high school started inviting him to ragers after puberty gave him the growth spurt he sorely needed; not when Uncle Michael started bringing him along at fundraising cocktails; and definitely not when he assumed his uncle’s seat and actually had to host those damned functions himself. He has always disliked the artificiality of the pomp and circumstance surrounding parties because he has always been uncomfortable with pretending, with putting on a show.
Tonight, if only for tonight, he has this.
Two days ago, Tony had told him to keep his eyes and ears open for anything unusual happening on his side of the capital. He had believed the Speaker of the House, of course—after everything they’d been through with the shutdown, how could he not? There was no reason not to continue trusting the man. So he took note of Tony’s advice, but he didn’t think he’d actually need it so soon, because after having his first—and only—caffeine intake of the day, his chief of staff came into the Oval Office with the most unusual and shocking of news.
Tony slaps butter onto the bread. “You know I come from an engineering background, right?” Steve nods. “I never really gave that up, so I still tinker and make a few things here and there in my workshop at home. When I first started working for the DNC, there were times when I got so caught up with engineering work that I’d forget to eat or sleep. Can’t do that anymore, though, being Speaker of the House takes up all of my time. Anyway, for some reason people started assuming that I didn’t eat because I didn’t know how to prepare food for myself.”
“So, can you show me how these things work?” he asks Tony, pointing at a pile of contraptions on one of his workbenches.
“Always, sir.”
“And what would you need from me in return if I accepted to trust Stark?”
and hits send. It’s a few seconds later when he hears a ring that he realizes who he had sent the message to. He’s surprised the reply is a late night call instead of a simple text message.
America smirks, but doesn’t have a retort for that one.
They both walk away, intransigent and unbowed.
So. I'd like to apologize for the glacial pace. I have been drowning in work for the past few months, and just couldn't find the time to write anything other than my work submissions. Again, this story has not yet been abandoned. It's just going really, really slowly.
Before Natasha has a chance to respond, the SHIELD car pulls up, and she gets in as fast as she can. Clint follows quickly, hoping to elicit an answer from her, but she’s looking away, and the deafening silence in the space between them means that the conversation is over.
Carol chuckles. “I’d be surprised if you weren’t. You’ll do great. I would know, I chose you to lead this case after all.”
“I highly doubt that.” Tony kisses the side of Steve’s mouth. “Besides, you’re not the only one who hasn’t done this in a while.”
But it’s more of a fault of circumstance than anything else. The Natasha thing couldn’t be contained and blew up into his face, and then the budget happened. Because everything was going on all at once, Kate couldn’t find the time and the energy to be there for the man who had shown her that there was something more to this world than that fake and plastic life she used to call her own. In a way, she owes Clint everything that has made her so happy for the longest time.
“But clearly not carefully thought out. They’re forgetting the one important thing that’s dangling in front of their faces, and we've been saying it over and over again: it’s a Democratic House. We get to write the budget no matter what fucked up amendments they throw at us,” Tony tells them, straightforward with no bullshit attached.
She tilts her head, her expression thoughtful. “
She has goose-bumps, some kind of nagging feeling that’s crawling under Pepper’s skin as she walks back to her office. She knew, back when they had figured out that they’d be taking back the House, that a war was coming, one that Tony, Natasha, Clint, and all the others have been so desperately preparing for. It’s exhilarating, and she can’t ignore what all this is trying to tell her.
“When my assistant told me that she was going have a car fetch me this morning, I didn’t expect the army.”
He’s in the middle of formulating talking points for the current draft of the new banking bill when he hears a soft knock on his door. “Come in,” he says, not taking his eyes off his tablet.
“There is no ‘us’.”
“I know that now.”
“Yet,” she says with a groan. “Remind me again why I decided to take pre-med at one of the toughest, most competitive schools in the world?”
Kate steps out, checking the tablet and informs Tony that he's supposed to meet with the Black Caucus in fifteen minutes. He has to suppress the groan that desperately wants to escape because it may be past breakfast time already but this still falls under Too Early For This Shit in Tony’s opinion. “Fine, fine, okay. Also, can you place a call for me to Barton? I need to talk to him about the Women’s Health Act—“
Once the engine starts running, Clint drives away from the warehouse as fast as he can. Natasha is tapping away at her phone, probably to inform Tony of how their meeting went. Natasha isn’t a text person, though, so Clint wonders why she wouldn’t just call their fearless leader to get it over with.
Carol sighs, takes out a pen from her bag and grabs a paper napkin from the center of the table. “You’re a menace, Tony Stark.” She slides the napkin towards him surreptitiously. “Don’t leave that lying around.”
“What the hell, Cassie?!” Tony shouts over the music, completely stupefied by the display in front of him. JARVIS automatically turns down the volume of the tunes.
Kate sighs in resignation. “Fine. We’re good. You know I’ll walk to the ends of the earth and back for you.”
Darcy greets Kate with a good morning kiss. “How’s Tony?”
“Don’t look at me, I was more than happy to have you at home and studying in Georgetown,” he replies with a shrug.
She shakes her head and taps her ear.
Sharon laughs, clearly amused at Steve’s reaction. “Look at you, you’re so red. I’m just teasing you, Steve.”
“Cass?”
Natasha tilts her head, perplexed. “For what?”
“I believe you once had me play Journey’s greatest hits on loop, sir. Would you like me to pick a song at random?”
Playing host takes him around another fifteen minutes of schmoozing, so by the time Tony reaches his workshop, there is an air of anxiousness surrounding his various projects. Pepper and Jessica look impatient, each tapping a foot as he descends the stairs. Natasha sits beside Clint (surprisingly) with a bored look on her face (unsurprisingly). Thor stands protectively behind Matt and Foggy, and Kate and Janet lean against one of the metal tables, a little tense.
“He’s the President of the United States, Natasha, not a pawn in your chess game.”
He hands Steve the letter and shrugs. “It looks like he just decided to up and retire.”
“I know you’re right, but that’s easier said than done.”
Somehow, it feels good knowing that there is someone else who shares your grief. Still, he tries to comfort her even though he needs it more than she does. “Don’t let the crazy get to you, Sharon.” He knows that she completely understands what he means.
Carol takes a sip from her juice. “We’re not under any illusion that you called
“An invitation to the White House will accompany the documents to be sent to Senator Logan. Understood, sir.”
Tony takes a peek at Cassie, an impish smile ghosting on his lips. “Do you want to tell him?”
“This is all well and good, my friend, and I thank you very much for your initiative, but if you have vital information to share, speak now,” Thor says, a little frustrated. It’s obvious that he just wants to know what the hell is going on with his brother.
“The one and only, Mr. President,” Phil confirms from the couches.
“Is he—” Steve, clearly taken aback and still shocked by this new piece of information, grasps for some sort of understanding. “—sick? Dying?”
“Only the best for you, Mr. Stark.” Dugan walks to the starboard side of the car and opens the door to the backseat for Tony. “I will be your detail for the whole day, sir. Happy has instructed me to take you wherever you need to go today.”
“Well, it’s fairly obvious that Hill’s behind the wheel on this one, regardless of the fact that the budget was written by the White House.” Pepper stops to think for a moment. “Come to think of it, I don’t think I’ve even
“Of course they can. What have you got for me?”
It’s Stane that actually seeks out Rumiko—he corners her as she’s walking from the bar back to the general vicinity of her table, where both Tony and the President are chatting animatedly with some ambassadors from the diplomatic corps. She almost throws her drink at him when they come face to face, but she holds back. This is not the time to be petty.
He breaks into a smile, the first one of the night that genuinely expresses happiness. “Truer words never spoken.” And he knows deep in his heart that all shall be well.
Bruce tilts his head, observing the emotions that are playing across his boss’ face. “You care about him, don’t you, Mr. President?”
him. This whole affair with the budget is proof of that. And as much as she hates to admit it, Tony and blind trust don’t exactly mix well together, like alcohol and...well, Tony.
She smacks his arm in amusement. “Asshole.”
“Cool? It’s amazing,” Steve says in awe. “Are you looking to sell these?”
“Not yet,” Phil answers. “It looks like Pierce wants to keep this quiet for as long as they can.”
Natasha raises an eyebrow. “What the hell are you talking about?”
“Perfect, Mr. President!” Cassie adds exuberantly. “Uncle Tony and I make a mean Thanksgiving turkey. You are going to see stars tomorrow, I promise you.”
"Yes, but Darcy is the one who leaves bite marks where she promises she wouldn't. And I told you to stop calling me that." Kate gives Darcy a stern look, complete with a perfectly arched eyebrow. Darcy laughs and actually bops a finger on his assistant's nose.
would be a normal Tony response to that particular predicament, but these are extenuating circumstances with what could possibly be high stakes, even if it’s not entirely clear what those are just yet. He can’t afford to go rogue.
Tony pauses, seemingly a little hesitant to share this particular idea. He is careful about his words when he starts to speak again. “You shut it down, Steve,” he tells him softly.
Darcy is quick to respond. “We’re already on it. Kate’s at the DOJ right now, having a talk with America Chavez.”
As if on cue, Natasha’s phone rings and she answers it wordlessly, only to end the call moments after. She stands up without warning and beckons Pepper to accompany her to the bar inside, where the TV is set to one of the news channels. It’s Tony on screen, having a small press conference outside of the White House—gorgeous, charismatic, ex-fiancé Tony—and he’s taking it all in stride, milking the shutdown for all its worth. Pepper and Natasha watch intently.
“Sorry, boss,” Peter murmurs. Kate stays silent, her eyes glued to the floor.
“Touché, Mr. President. Touché.”
He walks towards her, careful not to disturb the peace her presence is commanding in the room, because when was the last time there was true, genuine peace in this house? Not since she left, and probably never again. He wraps his arms around her waist, holds her tight. There is no indication of surprise from her end, as if she expected Tony to come to her, and that makes him a little warm inside. He rests his chin on her left shoulder and takes a deep breath, inhaling that wonderful strawberry-vanilla scent of her hair.
Hill is seated, signing papers, and she greets Pepper with an unimpressed expression—eyes on alert, mouth forming a thin line. “Congresswoman Potts. To what do I owe the pleasure?”
“—your phone wallpaper is literally a photo of her—“
Kate smiles back, but hers is genuine and thankful. “Now that’s the Clint Barton I know and love.”
Tony grins. “Yeah! Pretty cool, right?”
The Speaker of the House is generous in his storytelling, laying it out bare for the DNC National Chair, which he doesn’t do very often. More than acquiescence to Natasha’s conditions, it is another way of saying
“Oh yes, I’ve done that. I also wanted to see if we could expand our communication and storage system to accommodate the rest of the team.” He pauses and there’s a sound of clanging metal in the background. “I think I’ve figured it out. I need to make a few more tablets, especially for Pepper and Clint, but it won’t take much.”
“Aw, come on! That was eight years ago! Water under the bridge, and all that. Besides, all’s fair in love, war, and military contracts.”
Steve laughs again, and does as he’s told. “Of course, yes. You’re right.”
Hill sniggers. “In your wildest dreams, Stark.”
“Then that's really all that matters to me. I don’t care about the other things.”
“You’re welcome, Stark. Send my regards to my partner.” And he hangs up.
a Republican.”
He can’t get Tony’s pleading voice out of his head. The way Tony had said
“Sir?” There’s shock and disbelief, and maybe a little panic, in the Congressman’s voice. “I don’t understand.”
America doesn’t look back as Kate exits the bar.
I stopped trying after our third year of marriage.
They stare at each other for a moment, thoughtful. Then they both shake their heads. “Nah,” Tony says. “She could never be hot.”
“I just…I wanted to thank you for helping out with the budget. I don’t think I’d have gotten out of that one alive without you.”
The waiter interrupts her as he brings them their drinks. He sets two flutes on the table, pops open the champagne, pours it in and follows that with the orange juice. “Madams, your drinks are on the house. The staff sends our congratulations,” he tells them with a wide, almost celebratory smile.
“Do you know what happened there?” Steve continues, treading carefully.
“On it, boss,” she tells him as he hurries to make the calls for him.
“Steve,” Tony greets him, and there is a wave of relief that washes over Steve, and the room brightens up a notch. It’s new and a little strange, but he shrugs it off as a consequence of exhaustion.
Which is why he decides right then and there to come clean with Bruce on his arrangement with Tony. If he is going to get through the rest of this day and the Presidency intact, he’s going to need his second-in-command behind him. He calls up his Chief of Staff to invite him to have breakfast with him.
“And trust me, I’m not the only one who thinks that,” Pepper adds.
Natasha shakes her head. “I think we’ve exhausted everything that we can tonight. Matt, excellent work. Well done.”
Steve is even more confused. “So, you're not at all...bothered by the fact that I'm dating someone?”
Clint looks at her with clueless eyes, pretending as though this is the first time he’s heard this. “So she probably didn’t vote for me.”
“Raising my hand?”
“You and I both,” Steve says with a smile. “Unfortunately, the shutdown also affects the White House kitchen staff, so we’ll have to make our own lunch in the residence.”
“For what happened between us last March.” Clint tries to wave it off as something inconsequential. “I was out of line and it affected our personal and working relationship.”
look on
“Oh, it’s Foster,” Thor corrects him.
“Was this before or after the State department press conference this morning?” Natasha asks.
Tony sighs. “You trust me, right?” He’s relieved when Steve nods, ignores the resigned look on his beautiful face. Tony gives him a deeper, more emotional kiss, as if to relay what he cannot verbally express to Steve. “Thank you.”
But what do you do when you’re put in between a rock and a hard place?
“How do you do it?”
“I thought you were thinking about resigning, or worse, had gotten sick! Way to give a girl a heart attack, Steve.”
Hill opens her mouth to speak. “Over my de—“
Natasha picks up a cup of tea on the coffee table, no doubt prepared by their host when they were enroute. “Clint and I met with Fury and the Vice President.”
It's easy enough to hate those from across the aisle, but no one ever told them that it was bad news to fall in love with the enemy.
Scott rolls up the documents in his hand and smacks Tony’s right arm. “Hey, what did I tell you about negativity? No cynical thoughts in this room, young man.”
“How long was I out?”
“If that’s the case—“ Tony tosses his chopsticks in an empty carton, doesn’t miss “—then we do what we do best.”
“What do they want for it?” Wade asks. He’s already formulating a plan in his head on how to proceed.
Tony raises an eyebrow. “I hardly think being Speaker of the House and being President of the United States have the same job description, Steve.”
Clint doesn’t quite know what to say to that.
Those keep his mind occupied for the better part of half an hour, but then the loneliness sets in again and he throws his tablet across his bed in frustration, burying his face in his hands. He doesn’t want to go down to his workshop tonight—the past couple of weeks has left him extremely exhausted, and he needs at least a week of good nights’ rest to recuperate from the drama of the shutdown. He’s just getting old, really, and he’s far from being a superhero. He has a limit too.
The President continues. “Look, Mr. Stark. I can’t turn to my own party. They’re divided. They’ve lost sight of what’s important and I’ve been trying so hard these past two months to get them back on track but…” The frustration is evident in his voice. Tony almost feels sorry for him. Almost.
Fair warning, though: information overload! I lay down a lot of stuff here that will be important in the third (and final) arc, so be mindful of the details...
“Thor?” There’s a gentle hand on his shoulder and he knows it’s his beloved. Jane has been such a force to be reckoned with during the whole campaign that he can’t even begin to imagine not having her around. She would be the perfect First Lady, if she was only given the chance—beautiful, intelligent, eloquent and passionate, among other things—but she will always be his lady love, his rock and comfort. Maybe she won’t be the First Lady and maybe he won’t be the President of the United States, but he knows that he has become a much better man because she was there by his side throughout the whole campaign. For now, that’s more than enough.
, not a businessman,” he clarifies, the insult clear on his face.
“Congresswoman Hill is being very aggressive, even in the upper house,” Thor adds. “It has given us much grief in the negotiations. Despite his arrogance, Senator Richards is a fair lawmaker, but he has been unusually hostile these past months. I believe the honorable Congresswoman may have her hands around his neck.”
She can feel him smile and shake his head at the other end of the line. “Stark, that’s the best you’re going to get out of her at this point.”
“You’re having a hard time with your tie, which means you’re worried and nervous. You haven’t slept, which means you’re unprepared. You’re wearing one of your favorite and best suits, which means this meeting is extremely important to you.” Pepper walks over to him and re-ties the knot. “You weren’t like this when I broke off our engagement. You weren’t like this when Scott died and your whole world changed
“So…” Wade begins as he flops on the couch, mouth full of Yang Chao fried rice. “How are we going to go about kicking Republican ass?”
-checked everything. We’re going to the White House, where I’m sure the kitchens are stocked to high heavens with anything and everything you can think of. We have everything. We’ll be fine.”
Hammer laughs. “Bigger bombs? When it comes to weapons, it’s not always about having the bigger stick, you know.”
Tony stifles a laugh. “Don’t worry, everyone reacts the same way when they first meet him. Steve, meet JARVIS, my AI. He runs the house, and my whole life basically. JARVIS, say hi.”
Thor jumped right in, just as his father was about to open his mouth. “And what would you have the company do, Miss Foster?” The whole auditorium then turned to look at him. He buttoned his suit jacket and put on a dazzling smile. “Thor Odinson. Pleasure to meet you.”
Start with the photos and letters, and then work your way towards the audio clips. JARVIS will play them for you if you’re ready to hear them.
“…I’m sorry, I must have…startled you…”
Tony takes a deep breath before he responds, preparing himself for the displeased reaction that he knows his reply will elicit. “I don’t know the answer to that.”
America takes another swig from her beer. “You already know the answer to that question, Kate.”
Yeah, yeah. Tony—Tony is brash and flashy and impulsive, while Steve is—
The doctor looks at his clipboard and scribbles on the pages. “I’d like to keep you here for observation until tomorrow. Your OBGYN will have much more detailed instructions for you, but until you’re able to see him or her, I suggest bed rest and no physical activity. If you don’t have anymore questions, then please excuse me.” Then he takes his leave.
“Yes. Alexander Pierce, Loki Odinson, Richard Parker, Foggy’s Ohio case—these are all somehow connected, and perhaps even bigger than we could ever imagine. After today, I have more pieces of the puzzle, sure, but the more pieces I get, the more questions I have.” Tony rubs his temple in frustration. “I’m not ready to give all this information to the President, but I can’t go to him empty-handed either.”
Steve sighs. “It’s not about trust, at least not at the heart of it. I trust you implicitly, Bruce, with both my life and the future of this country. I just didn’t think that this was something that was done in this town, to go across the aisle without any agenda or hidden motives and just offer genuine collaboration. And I’ll just say it right now: I had all the intention to tell you after the first few talks I had with Tony, but… I guess I wanted to protect Tony as well. I wanted it to be a decision we both made together. It would have felt like a betrayal otherwise.”
“Mr. Secretary,” Natasha greets the Secretary of State, seamlessly sliding into the conversation.
With the television as background noise, Tony taps away on his tablet, making notes on various pieces of legislation that he has had to put on the backburner. On the surface, things are business as usual for the Democrats and their associates, but behind the curtains, the investigation had escalated from a small house party into a rager with an entire high school of uninvited guests, thanks to Fury’s and Coulson’s sudden interest in his team’s extra-curricular activities. With that and all the new information that’s been coming in, Tony hasn’t had any time or energy to deal with his actual, constitutionally bound duties as Speaker of the House.
Can’t you do that tomorrow? It’s our anniversary.
“Thor?” Jane says groggily, her voice hoarse. “Where am I?”
“Oh, for heaven’s sake!” Anne says, clearly disappointed. “I make them a wonderful chiffon cake and they give me a store-bought fruit cake? Tell me, why do we continue with this goddamn tradition?”
Foggy and Matt sit in a posh bar in the Upper East Side, sipping overpriced whisky while waiting for their contact to arrive. The bar is dark, the tables arranged in a manner that promotes discretion, which is why Matt chose it as their meeting location in the first place—a venue that his contact would be expected to patronize, without sacrificing privacy. He taps his finger on his glass, impatient.
Tony’s tactless pronouncement shocks Steve into silence.
“Anything for you and Jane, my darling.”
Tony sits up straight, bottle forgotten. He clasps his hands and rests his chin on them, eyes narrowed at Clint. Clint pours himself another shot of scotch. Looking at the half-filled glass, he pours some more until it’s filled because you could have looked at it as half-full but when Tony Stark actually gives you a serious look, you know no amount of scotch is going to be enough.
She reaches out in an effort to console him. “We tried, Tony. We tried for a long time and for the most part, it was fantastic. But when it was bad, we were both absolutely miserable, and our worse days nearly drove our decades-long friendship over the edge. It affected the good work we were doing. We were bound to crash and burn. That is not something I want to go through again.” She pauses, looks away for a moment, thinking. “And I’m in love with Happy.”
“I see you’ve come to beg for your life,” Natasha says without inflection. She doesn’t look at him either, choosing to keep writing on the documents on her table rather than pay her victim any mind.
No one says a word, because everyone knows what exactly that means.
“I know,” he tells her honestly. There is a hint of sadness in his voice. Whatever he and Pepper had… Those were some really good times. He lets out a soft moan. “Why can’t I quit you, Pepper Potts?”
Kate crosses her arms, mouth in a thin line and eyes sharp and harsh. She taps her foot on the floor, clearly impatient. She doesn’t dignify his questions with a reply.
“Senator?”
Pete?
He knew from the beginning that none of it was going to be easy, that it was going to be an uphill battle of epic proportions. He spent his first term weeding out the halfwits and bringing in the real deals. That’s how he discovered Rogers, when he was still the diffident senator from New Hampshire trying to fill in the shoes of a Republican giant. Michael Rogers was one of the good guys, a fine statesman and a true American. Nick had worked with the late senator whenever he could, but the young Steve had always just been on the sidelines. It wasn’t until the younger Rogers had been asked to take the wheel had Nick seen the immense potential in the kid, and when Nick had been elected to the chairmanship, he made sure that the whole country saw the promise of Steve Rogers.
Steve can’t help but feel so terribly blessed to be in a room that he can only describe as magical.
was the adult in this whole conversation, as opposed to the duly elected member of Congress sitting beside me—who is, by the way, the Speaker of the House of Representatives and the de-facto leader of the Democratic Party.”
“That’s my plan of attack for now. He hasn’t disappointed me, and at the moment we’re in really a good position, so I’m going to continue giving Stark the freedom to keep his secrets. But I will be watching him more closely now. I suggest you should, too.”
“Now, let’s all just calm down,” Clint says slowly, attempting to bring down the temperature of the situation. “How about you tell us why we’re here, Nick?”
believe in the worst of people all the time.” He opens the door to the residence and holds it out for a still dumbfounded Tony. “Come on, hurry up. I’m starving.”
“I can’t believe my Secret Service callsign is ‘Hawkeye,’” Clint whispers to Natasha. “What does that even mean? Is that an actual bird?”
“How come I didn’t have this service when I came here during the shutdown?”
“Yup,” Darcy replies with a pop.
Tony stops, as if to think. “You know what, I didn’t even notice that I was hungry.”
But numbers are, after all, still numbers, and tonight those numbers, unfortunately for Thor, make the decision.
“Come on, be reasonable. This partnership is good for the American people! Especially now—we’re ushering this country’s military apparatus into the
Tony raises his hands in defeat. “Whatever you say.” He sits behind his desk to get to work. “Now, let’s talk strategy.”
Tony snickers, and Pepper knows exactly what he’s going to say. “Come on. We’ve wanted to work with House Republicans since this whole shebang began. We are responsible lawmakers—a shutdown was never our end game. We never wanted one, and we certainly didn’t expect one.”
Sam chuckles, but then shakes his head. “I’m sorry, Aldrich, but my decision is final.”
It took a while before he got his artistic bearings back—the last time he had picked up a brush was before Peggy’s death—but once it came to him, he poured his heart and soul onto that canvas.
Natasha snaps her fingers at them. “Focus, boys.”
“I’m sure the White House will be glad to know that their choice of alcohol has been found adequate by one of their top military contractors,” Pepper responds, unimpressed.
“Mr. Speaker,” starts one of them, “may we inspect the premises?”
“I’ll blame it on Kate in the morning.” He spies his assistant from the corner of his eye doing shots of god knows what with the interns and shakes his head. He will definitely blame this on Kate somehow, but he’s got to admit it has leveled up to be something else, and hell, you only win congressional elections once every two years, so you might as well make a gigantic party out of it. “That was Natasha on the phone, by the way.”
“The hell I’m flying all the way to Arizona and spending Thanksgiving with her when my favorite godfather is just a train ride away,” Cassie tells him with a smile as she drains the spaghetti over the sink.
“This is where Matt and I come in,” Foggy answers, visibly more excited at this part of the narrative. “About a year ago, we started hearing about vibranium being sold for a fortune in Hell’s Kitchen. When it was clear that the rumors were very real, everyone wanted a piece of the pie—it caused a lot of chaos on the streets. The DOJ got involved when the Wakandan embassy started asking questions about vibranium that they didn’t known had left their borders.”
“Far from it. I just want to do right by the American people, as cliché as that may sound. No one is an enemy here.”
Natasha smiles. “Can’t help but agree with that.”
She hugs him tightly. “I love you, Tony. And believe me when I say that that won’t ever change.” She strokes the back of his neck. “I miss you sometimes, too.”
“I’m not surprised. It’s been a tough campaign, especially these last few weeks.”
For all the control that Uncle Michael had on his life, art was the one thing that Steve truly wanted for himself, and over the years he rode an undercurrent of relief that his uncle never demanded him to give up his paint and sketchbooks. So while he doesn’t regret going on the path of least resistance, sometimes he thinks about what life would be for him if he had insisted on forging his own way.
Tony tilts his head, not quite understanding what Carol means, but goes along with it anyway. He’s certain the namedrop will come in handy sooner rather than later. He returns the smile. “Sure thing, Madam Attorney General.”
Steve doesn’t know what to make of that anymore (
“Thanks.” Darcy takes a sip. “If I had Tony Stark’s mind and even just half of his problems, I wouldn’t be able to sleep either. Most especially at a time like this.”
As always, your comments keep me at the top of my game, and your love keeps me writing. Please please please do drop a word to tell me how you feel about this chapter. I hope you enjoy it!
Happy anniversary. We wish you both many more years to come. We love you.
Clint nods. To Happy, so SHIELD Security can do a sweep of the car and take out any bugs that Fury’s or the Vice President’s people could have planted, and then to Tony for a debrief. It’s not unusual for Natasha to be oversuspicious, but after the meeting they’d just had, it’s necessary.
As soon as Peter closes the door behind him, Kate starts, “Look, Tony—“
Nick Fury is a very serious man. After all, one has to be in order to survive being in American politics. He calls people out on their crap, tells it like it is, and is always upfront and honest about the bullshit his party involves itself in. He’s been a Republican for all of his life, but he hasn’t been in his seat for long—Natasha Romanoff has been carrying the mantle for the Democrats far longer than he has held the GOP chairmanship—but he has lived and breathed politics longer than he can dare remember, even longer than Romanoff has been alive. He remembers every idiotic move and decision his party has made throughout the years, and has sold his soul to whatever devil is out there to right every wrong. His candor has never been welcome in his party, but miracle of miracles, he was elected to be the chair, and he swore on his life to bring back the GOP glory days—the days where Republican politics wasn’t about attacking gays and women, lying, bullying, and just being plain idiotic.
Steve laughs. “I’m not sure about the legalities of gambling inside the White House, but I guess we can let this one go for now.”
“You’re always welcome here, Steve,” Tony tells him, his smile warm and affectionate. “Are you not spending Thanksgiving in New Hampshire?”
The dinner goes exceedingly well, and the turkey is a hit, prompting more back and forth from Tony and Cassie. Steve finds all of this highly entertaining and enlightening, making him hope that one day, if he would ever have a daughter, his relationship with her would be just like Tony’s relationship with Cassie—open, candid, and unabashedly honest. It’s a pity that not a lot of people see this side of Tony, but Steve understands why Tony would like to keep this part of his life behind closed doors.
. That with Phil and Bruce and the rest of his staff, they can do great things. He will always think of Peggy and a First Lady-less White House, but he knows that is where he’s supposed to be at this very moment.
He doesn’t know if he’s ineffective as the President and as the de facto leader of the Republican Party, or if he’s being played by the other powers that be of the party he has served with his everything for the past eleven years. Either way, it’s bad news for his administration and the American people.
“But what does this have to do with Loki? Aside from wanting Pierce’s seat, of course,” Janet asks the room.
in a voice that sounds strangely like Scott’s.
Maria stutters and tries to salvage the situation. “Sir—“
“Happy first, then Tony.”
“When is Jessica Jones ever happy to be called in?” he says with a snigger. “Look, Natasha—“
He is a dead man walking, dragging his feet to the DNC headquarters on South Capitol. Even the DNC staffers know that he’s in deep shit with their boss—a kid from the communications team even comes up to him to offer him condolences. Natasha makes him wait a good ten minutes outside her office, presumably to make Tony sweat, give him time to think about what he’s done and regret all the life choices that he has ever made—a classic Natasha move, if there ever was one. He almost turns back when Natasha calls him in.
Steve remains quiet, reflecting on his Chief of Staff’s point of view.
He points at her shirt. “I see you’re a Harvard girl.”
“You got it.”
Foggy nods. “Basically.”
“Don’t start,” he warns her affectionately.
“You're not bothered by it?” Steve asks carefully.
“I feel terrible about keeping you in the dark, Bruce.”
“Good, really wonderful,” Tony tried to keep the eagerness at having Steve constantly within reach out of his voice, but failed miserably. “I do hope you like it here.”
“Well, you should.  That kid’s kickin’ her bladder to high heaven –“
That didn’t make him feel better.
Tony begins.
“He said he’d wait a couple days before - Just give me a moment to tell you something.”  Peggy grabbed his hand, bulling him into the shadowed porch, away from the prying ears of the slaves.  She shooed away a couple of old women who were shelling beans.  They looked put-out, but fled.
“What I’m saying is,
When Steve and Bucky entered the room, Bruce was behind a curtain with a terrified massage technician, and the other three spread out it the fancy chairs they used for pedicures.  Natasha was sorting through a table of nail polish, Clint was eating the cucumbers from his face mask, and Tony was fussing with his phone while he got his toes done.
serious.”
But there was another part of him, the stronger part, that didn’t want to let Steve go. In the place of a couple hours he’d screwed himself into the tender tissue still beneath the metal of the chest plate. Steve was handsome and brave and loyal and respectful, kind and oddly inspiring. Something about him oozed righteousness and betterment, and Tony knew in his marrow that if Steve asked, he would follow him to the end of the world.
Then he began undressing.
that artfully captured the clear blue of the glow of the arc reactor.  The packaging had a beautiful woman who looked sort of like a tall, busty female version of Tony wearing an Ironette bikini brandishing her hands for all to see her manicure, a knowing smirk on her face.
He has the arc reactor removed, so there is no piece of any mineral in his body that isn’t necessary.  He rebuilds the Stark Tower into the Avengers Tower, and has everything done up in steel and glass.  He encases himself in gold and titanium, pure, nothing remaining of the natural formations.
with your boy toy and his . . . toys.”
Silence, then: “Oh Tony.”
“Tomorrow.”
“I can’t just
Tony went through his checks, losing himself in testing every piece of equipment, donning the armor and doing stretches to insure maximum mobility. He was wrapping up his examination when the klaxon blared.
