“A scarecrow? That’s not much of a walking stick.” After observing the scarecrow’s friendly expression, he said, “Not much of a scarecrow either.”
John attempted to take some of the pressure readings while Sherlock chipped, but Sherlock claimed he wasn’t doing it right, and so that job was handed over as well.
“Uh right, and where is the pet and house owner anyway?”
Sherlock had also fashioned themselves a scarf, tearing one long strip of material from a particularly old pair of coveralls, which they used to wrap around their neck at most times. John couldn’t decide if this was born out of necessity to prevent a cold neck, or if Sherlock was trying to add fashionable flair to the drab outfit with the material they had available to them.
At last, the creepypasta chapter, which was FUN. for me. Fun for me. If at any point you're like 'Oh God Why Are You Doing This To Us', pls know that I had A BLAST. As always, lots of thanks to Soli <3
> Jesus.
He felt chilled. Too much time in the rain.
Sherlock, with a few words muttered beneath his breath, pressed his fingers first to John’s forehead, then his ears, neck, and torso, his hands skimming down over John’s body.
“I haven't thought about it,” John said,  “and I’m not sure anyone else has either.” John looked down at his clasped hands in his lap, uncomfortable with a stranger making so forward a suggestion.
“We can. Would you care for a demonstration? I did take such pains aligning your visit with the Witch of Belgravia’s. She thinks she’s gutsy for arriving here in person, such a shame. Both her and Sherlock have similar abilities and weaknesses. It appears those with a high aptitude for sorcery can’t resist proving their cleverness.”
the man from his video call asked.
With a nod, Watson lifted himself back into his horse’s saddle, and held out a hand down to him. “As you’ve prevented me from reclaiming your horse, we’ll have to share.”
> Yes, it was sarcastic. I’ll make sure to use a winking face from now on. And, no, I don’t consult sex guides on the internet. I haven’t often had to. That is, I’m not usually doing things I’m not already well-versed in.
He wasn’t sure if John got it, but John was gazing back at him with a look akin to wonder and amazement. John reached upwards, as if driven by a force outside of his control, and cupped the side of his face gently. Whatever John read in his expression must have rung true, for John leaned closer at once to press lips against his own. It was a sweet kiss, and over too soon.
The Man is sitting down again and in a stroke of luck the seat directly next to him becomes vacant two stops in. Sherlock slides into place. His leg is inches from pressing up against The Man’s.
Sherlock turns away from peering through the foliage to give him an exasperated expression. “For God's sake John, that was psychosomatic.”
John was left without a specific job to do, and so watched Sherlock return to reading his book, and his mixing bowl. It was the same one John had noticed yesterday, with the human heart inside.
“Finding out that the guy you’ve been daydreaming about for weeks feels the same way isn’t the kind of gift horse I’m about to look in the mouth,” John responds, sliding his grinning mouth higher along Sherlock’s neck.
John laughed. “I’ve never seen anything like it.”
In that time, Sherlock and John occupied themselves with watching as many films as possible (Sherlock largely dissatisfied with all of them), and at several points, disastrously attempting to play games on the game board. John thought Sherlock might have left the Hudson once they grew bored of John and the few entertainments he had to offer—but Sherlock stayed with him, and never once mentioned going back out beside accompanying John on his regular checks of the bots’ charging bay.
“It must be getting on half past twelve. Do you know your way now?” Moriarty asked, with exaggerated concern in his tone.
Sherlock began to grow optimistic that they would never discuss his feeding habits ever again. Except, of course, then there was a case.
So you can spill into me.
“There,” John spoke suddenly, “this is it.”
“I think I’ll get out and walk with Lestrade,” he said to the driver, who obliged him without question. He had been getting better at saying what he wanted, as of late.
He decided to make no mention of the usual duties John was likely neglecting, hoping they could be forgotten for the afternoon.
John liked not having a hole in the wall well enough, but was more intrigued by the changes to the diamond wheel.
John’s eyes slid to the door of the study once more, and then to the greenhouse on the other side of the glass.
John tries to communicate as much impatience as possible with his aggravated sigh. “Can you or can you not help me?”
Sherlock’s eyes were closed, his face as slack as his shoulders. Without those eyes on him, John leaned forward, allowing his arms to bend at the elbow, relaxing his own posture. When his leg brushed Sherlock’s drawn up knee, John’s eyes ducked down, landing without thought on Sherlock’s upper thighs, and lap.
“Lestrade,” he said, “Before we put an end to this conversation, forever let's say, will you promise to answer me one thing, quite truthfully?”
When he opened his eyes, John was hovering above him. “Sherlock? You still with me?”
Sherlock also told him to shut up, while leaning over the right side of the bed. From beneath, a wet flannel appeared. With great care, Sherlock began to clean off John’s chest and stomach. A short bout of bickering ensued when John insisted Sherlock use the flannel on himself, while Sherlock claimed John was his guest, and a host apparently had to wipe semen from his visitors before seeing to himself.
There was an earnestness to the way Sherlock spoke of spells that made John forget it required human remains, for the moment. It was… sweet, in a way.
“Oh, you’re up,” he says nonchalantly, but John is more than capable of seeing through these things now.
John couldn’t imagine why, as the newcomer pretending to be an acquaintance of his was in no way intimidating. With dark curls spilling across his forehead, blue gems dangling from his ears and his neck, and a pink and grey checkered coat with yellow piping hanging off his shoulders, John suspected the soldiers would have described him as a dandy.
Watson, at last, begged off one dance, and came to stand with him. “You won’t dance?” he asked, face flushed from exertion.
“I left my hat upstairs, I’ll just go get it!” he cried to Wilkes, running back up the stairs and into the hotel lobby.
“Never mind, I can’t explain,” John replied, flustered. “You looked different. Older, maybe.”
“Ninety pounds a year apparently,” he replied, well aware that it was in fact not very much money at all. Especially to a man of wealth like Watson.
“You suppose it was small,” Sherlock repeated, unimpressed.
> That is not on. And I wasn’t drunk.
However, Clara’s inquiry did remind him. He looked down at his wrist watch. It was almost time.
“Moriarty?” he asked, eyeing his hand in John’s grasp.
“Yes, you are too clever to be fooled by that,” Sherlock interrupted, recalling Watson’s masterful examination of the body, which had gained them a new case.
“O—kay,” John said, and then a moment later thought to comment, “so, John and William.”
“Christ.” John leaned his head back against the wall he’d banged his elbow on not a moment before. “And how much longer is ‘longer’, exactly?” He’d been right to think it was a bigger trip. With the Hudson as the designated dispatch ship, of course it was.
His exhaustion, and the absence of pain, caught up with him. Without a thought for his host, John found the bed in the dark, and feeling its softness, sat down.
“Mmm, well for starters I’d get down on my knees in front of you, you’d like to see that hmm? And then I’m gonna suck you down big boy, get you nice and wet, all the way, till I’m gagging on it—”
John huffed, apparently somewhat relieved that he’d spoken at all.
“Well, as long as I can still wear well tailored suits.”
“There were a few other tells but yes,” Sherlock replied, experiencing difficulty maintaining Watson’s direct gaze. He ambled towards the fireplace, picking up the poker from its stand to busy his hands.
He couldn’t remember the last time someone had kissed him. His mother used to kiss his cheeks, he was sure, but not since he was a boy. His father and brother had certainly never done.
John backed off. “Sorry. I’m just going to get something for that.”
Which was why it came as quite a surprise when John entered the ship’s toilet, assuming he was only the person who used it, and found himself facing Sherlock’s back. They were standing in front of the toilet like anyone who had—well—a penis, would. Except Sherlock didn’t. Did they?
“The photos, some of them have been flipped down,” he says as he flips them back up. “They were … not like this when we were here earlier today.”
Sherlock casually scans the passengers upon entering the train car. And lo and behold, the unassuming ex-army doctor is across and to the left of him, currently seated and reading a paperback crime thriller.
Sherlock started his full inquiry, partially for his own knowledge, but also to act as a practice interrogation. A simulation of the courtroom was needed, since it was clear that an inquest would be unavoidable, if not a full-blown criminal trial. He asked John all the kinds of questions he could imagine John would be drilled with, so they could prepare their answers. The sailboat would be found with all its seacocks opened and holes in its hull, as John had intended for the boat to sink. They had to make the court believe these suspicious things had been natural, that the boat hadn’t been scuttled.
“It’s a—full mouth, I’d say,” John answered, overlooking the crass question, and examining the man’s lips. God, they looked like they were made for sex. The pouty bottom lip, and the curved top lip that was just begging to be—
Sherlock’s gloved hands came up to touch John’s face. As Sherlock peered down at him, noses almost touching, John’s heart felt like it might beat out of his chest—until he realized Sherlock was just removing the glamour. The same tingling from earlier ran through him where Sherlock’s hands touched him, and then was gone again.
(See the end of the chapter for
“That’s it,” John murmured, voice like gravel. “Get it nice and wet.”
“Of course, of course,” Wilkes said. He was clearly put out at having been denied, which became very apparent when he continued, “Of course you’ve already had a big wedding, with all the bells and whistles. A second wedding is always a smaller affair.”
Sherlock buried their face into the crook of one of their arms. “No, it wasn’t.”
He wasn’t even traditionally good-looking, but there was something about the man—his attitude, appearance, and evident cleverness, John’s mind helpfully provided—that made him incredibly appealing, and hard to say no to.
“Sherlock,” John murmured in disbelief, before John was finally closing the gap to kiss him again with pure abandon. John’s tongue slipped past the seam of his lips, sending a frisson of heat down his spine. Sherlock thought of that night when he’d woken in John arms, grinding against him, and John spooning him from behind and bringing him off with his careful ministrations. John thinking that he wasn’t ready, that he hadn’t sought John out for sex, that Sherlock didn’t want him. John drawing away when he’d reached for him, John thinking that he’d felt he
“It is usual for men in your position to have a personal valet.”
Stepping out from the library, Manderley’s main stairway loomed before him at the end of the hall. It was almost evening, and the servants were all below stairs eating an early supper, as the masters of the house had been out all day. The house was silent beyond the sound of his shoes against the steps, his approach to the West wing loud in the empty space. He passed through the minstrels’ gallery and the hall of paintings, and resolutely turned away from the twins dressed all in white. He walked beneath the archway and through the opened entrance to the West wing, door left ajar.
He turned on the spot, and surveyed the rest of the room. He moved to the divan, and crouched to the ground in front of it. He smoothed his hand across the fabric, while Gladstone came over to sniff at it, as if to help him with his inspection. There was not even a slight dip in the divan, no imprint from someone seated. The chair across was the same, as well as the chair by the desk.
“No? At least, I didn’t know it was her.” After a beat, “What did the note say?”
No answers were forthcoming. Sherlock simply replied, “Good,” before launching into a description of a previous case, insisting his other cases had much more dangerous elements than balding middle-aged men, which then switched into a violinist Sherlock had seen perform recently. If John had any hope of escaping their meeting with his crush contained, Sherlock’s rapid unveiling of his personal interests did nothing to curb it. He was mad, charming, and excessively endearing. John ate his food in the comfort of Sherlock carrying the conversation to and fro, like the malleable noodle on his plate, reacting at all the right junctures.
“Thank God that’s over,” John said under his breath as they watched Harry and Clara’s car disappear around the curve in the drive.
While he stood stiffly, half wondering if he’d fallen asleep from exhaustion and was in fact dreaming, John in contrast became a live, wild thing. John reached out toward him in a sudden burst of movement, his cane making a dull thud when it hit the ground. He cupped Sherlock’s face in both of his hands, and his thumbs made twin paths across Sherlock’s cheekbones. John looked at him like a drowning man looks at a lifeboat one mile out of reach, and then, with unrestrained fervour, began kissing his lips.
They both attempted to look sombre on their way outside, though he imagined they still made quite the picture as they climbed into their car, and drove off from that cobbled square.
He wondered if Moriarty had really drugged him after all, or whether the man was capable of hypnosis. Or maybe he hadn’t resisted the call of the hypodermic syringe, and remembered himself being stronger than he was. All that filled his senses was the cold, sharp smell of the sea, and the sound of it against the shingle beach. And John. Even now all he could think of was John. He had to either die for John, or live for him, but he couldn’t remember which any more. The sea was calling him, and seemed to answer the unasked question. It wanted to claim him, like it had Mary.
Before John could point it out, Sherlock said, with a tinge of regret, “Those things are still after me. Till next time, John.”
John’s eyes were distant, appearing farther away than he had ever seen him. John was in his own private world, one that he suspected was torture. A place that he still did not have access to. If only John knew, he’d gladly go to hell and back for him, as long as they were together.
Lestrade was a silent for a long moment. “I don't know,” he said shortly.
“Sir, I believe almost everyone’s been accounted for,” Lestrade informed him, barely audible over the sea of distressed voices.
And John did of course still need encouragement in that direction. That morning for example, John had been readying himself to leave their bedroom when Sherlock had teasingly began to writhe on the bed, sliding his nightshirt up inch by inch, smiling all the while. John, who had only just put trousers on, managed to tear them off again in record time, and proceeded to flip Sherlock onto his front, as John pressed himself flush along Sherlock’s back.
Sherlock looks like he’s caught something he never plans to let go, so, in a word, delighted.
Their relationship ended with an email that started with an emoji, concluded with a string of kisses, and linked to an extensive prostate stimulation guide in the middle. Though for a few minutes John did entertain the possibility that calling things off was a hasty decision, the email did not improve upon rereading.
“John!” was yelled again, a door upstairs was banged against the wall, and then the one man hurricane came stomping down the steps, clutching his hair, and wearing only a towel wrapped loosely around his waist.
“Oh, I do see now,” Sherlock murmured, the corner of his lip sliding upward. “You were below her. Did killing her make you feel more powerful?”
“Why do you say that?”
John sighed. “And please don’t tug at your IV port, you need that for the benzos.”
Sherlock pulled back, mouth turning down at the corners into a frown. “Why did you stop? Say it again.”
David’s head shot back up, in a moment of realization.
The man held the end of the sheet there, just under the curve of his arse. For a moment, it seemed he might not actually go further, ending the entire production as just a tease.
Moriarty leaned closer, and rocked his head from side to side. The movement was off beat with the ticking of the clock.
“Are you mad?” John asked, but he was grinning. It was endearing, the lengths this man, whom he hardly knew, would go to ensure that John stay—even if it was only for his interesting curse.
“Heavens, Holmes!” Watson cried, doubled over from coughing up half a lung. “Now that is fanciful!”
go out together, with one another, and we do it because you are not dressed in the finest tailored suit money can buy, at thirty five years old, caring about nothing in the world.”
“So you mean to say…?”
He could concede that point.
Sherlock watches him exit the car, with his own heart beating quickly. Sherlock catches a glimpse of his reflection in the window where his pupils are the size of saucers. Sherlock has long ago abandoned having a reason for taking the train.
Sherlock sighed, and John smiled against their skin, which turned violet where he was pressed against it. John thought he could do even better than that.
“The day after I first started messaging you.” It had been a quick phone call; she hadn’t even really seemed to mind.
“Shout at you, when you are unwell?” Watson repeated, twisting in his chair to observe him. “Is that what you think of me? Your bully?”
Archie rushed in, and as he often did, was brandishing letters above his head.
It was the longest period John had gone without experiencing pain in his chest, the energy of the ever-changing castle infectious, and John felt put to good use.
The thought of inviting an infamous wizard to the pub for a drink with him and Mike seemed laughable, but John felt the urge do so all the same.
John laughed once, short and sweet. He knew he’d been right - the ball would change everything.
were. Things he himself had put into John’s mind again. He might as well have dug up the woman’s grave and forced John to look at her painted corpse.
John ducked his head, pleased. “That’s why you brought me, wasn’t it? To help.”
John had told Sherlock once that he didn’t know what to do with him, and this largely continued to be the case. John had small successes in pleasing Sherlock. The new room seemed to go over well, as did the perfumes for sampling, and the new clothes -- if Sherlock was eye-catching before, nothing could hold a candle to him in a well-cut suit and coat. Sherlock hardly ever sleeping in bed with him at night, or at least not while John was awake, was in some ways a blessing. John wanted Sherlock with a singular focus, and having him so mouth-wateringly near was truly maddening, but John knew it was too soon. John would think of approaching him, perhaps for a simple kiss, and then remember Sherlock’s cold response to his marriage proposal.
His suspicion was proven true as Lestrade explained, “It's about Robert, sir. There has been a slight unpleasantness between him and Mr Moriarty. Robert is very upset.”
“It’s a terrible photo,” Sherlock said. No nonsense. Just honesty, of the brutal variety.
He was not quick enough at hiding, as the guests nearby him had already noticed his presence and were ushering him over to John. Lestrade with his plate of chicken smiled at him encouragingly when he looked back at him desperately for aid. Useless.
“I’ll come find you when I’m finished,” John promised as he made his exit.
“Um, actually, shit—you mind if I put you on hold for a minute? My mum’s yelling for me.”
They had only been parted for a short time, but he found himself desperately wanting to check on John. He knew John would be back downstairs shortly, but it didn’t feel soon enough. Sherlock wondered if he went up now, if he’d catch John still taking a bath. He knew he should be leaving John to relax, but the idea was wholly appealing. He abandoned the damn letters, and made his way to the East wing.
In waking life, he hadn’t returned there in what felt like ages - not since he had last confronted Moriarty with the hypodermic syringe. He felt certain he dreamt that musty lilac smell, with the bedroom otherwise perfectly preserved. He faced the mirror at the dressing table and watched as John approached him from behind, placing a comforting hand on his shoulder. In the dream, it was their room. The whole house had always been theirs. He couldn’t recall anything different.
> What is this, the Spanish Inquisition?
When Irene and Sherlock held out their arms, the dust began to float inside its jar, and the gold of the pocketwatch burned bright. In a violet blaze, the lines connecting the items on the floor lit up till every circle drawn emitted a colourful light, and the room expanded around them.
When Sherlock spoke again, it was in a much smaller voice. “I’ll stop calling myself a sociopath. Admittedly, it’s an outdated term and, well, arguably not true anyway. Except when needed - to create a certain effect - ”
John thought he might have been an annoyance, distracting Sherlock like this, but Sherlock’s small smile suggested he was only pleased by John’s interest.
“Yes, John. Observe.”
He laid his suit jacket over the back of his chair facing the mirror and dressing table. He leaned out towards the window. The rose garden was in upheaval, guests had moved the chairs around and left empty glasses in their wake. He pulled the curtains shut, till only a sliver of the early morning light crept in through the crack.
“Is it different?” John asked, on his sixth rinse and repeat rotation.
“Fuck,” John said aloud, as his forehead hit the desk. “Fucking buggery fuck.” He had entirely forgotten that the email application on his computer, which had automatically opened when he had clicked the hyperlink, was synced with his blog’s email. His blog email that ended with @johnwatsonblog.co.uk. And now SH had also seen his personal blog. Shite.
“I can feel eyes on me. I feel like someone is watching me in this house. I can’t shake the feeling. It isn’t like before when I thought I had a guardian watching over me, Charles still with me. It’s not like that at all any more. The reason I had you come over so soon I confess is, I’m leaving. I can’t stay in this house on my own another minute,” she says, fraying at the tissue in her hand absentmindedly.
“After she drowned,” Moriarty continued, “he had his things moved out from here. We made up one of the rooms at the end of the corridor, though I don’t think he ever slept there. When they were finally let in the room after a week, the bed hadn’t been slept in. They think he used to just sit in the armchair. He might as well have disappeared along with her. None of us saw him those first few days, once he realized she wasn’t coming back. Eventually, he’d come out to the library, but he wouldn’t leave there. During the day, we’d hear him pacing back and forth, back and forth.”
“And that’s that then? You’ll do what your brother says till the end of your days?”
Sherlock stared forward as he walked, acting as if they were not being chased. John wondered if, like an ostrich sticking its head in the sand, the strange man thought pretending not to see them would assist their escape in some way.
He could tell that Lestrade, the butler evidently, was someone John was fond of.
John. Was John honestly still worrying about him, and fussing after him to eat? Was this pre-guilt for the news John planned to break to him, once their guests were gone? He looked around, but couldn’t see John anywhere.
And the man’s hand disappearing below belt-level made that seem like a very real possibility.
A snippet/excerpt from John's point of view was specially requested, so I thought I'd share what came out of it here for anyone interested. To be clear, the epilogue was the last chapter, and the fic is officially done -- this is just an Extra little thing for fun.
“They came while you were out, and I had to listen to the racket the soldiers made breaking down the doors. Of course, all they’ll find is empty buildings. Serves them right. Oh John, where are your manners, who is this behind you?”
And fin !
John paused his ministrations. Perhaps this would be the end of it.
Sherlock, miffed, looked up at John briefly through their dark fringe. “That’s patently untrue. We’re finding dust, apparently. And pressure,” Sherlock said, rattling the instrument in their hand as if to demonstrate. “Isn’t it interesting that there’s almost negligible difference between the different areas we’ve visited? I wonder if the atmosphere is consistent across the entire planet’s surface, or if—”
All eyes were once again on him. The cruelty of it burned him. Moriarty was asking him to solve the case, knowing the only answer at the end of the line was that his own husband had done it.
John had intended a lot of things, but instead found himself unscrewing the cap on a dusty bottle of scotch and drinking it straight.
John almost assumed Sherlock wouldn’t answer him, but eventually they turned away from the ship to face him.
Irene's only response was to tip said head back and laugh, a performance for the benefit of the onlookers he supposed. She wrapped her long fingers around his neck and pulled till his face was inches from hers. Their waltzing continued, the couples around them seemingly unaware of the tense nature of their conversation.
“I’ll kill him,” John whispered hoarsely, his nose pressed into Sherlock’s curled fringe. A thrill ran through Sherlock at the rageful protectiveness contained in those three words, excited despite knowing that was a terrible, terrible idea.
“Not without you,
Never mind that. The obstacles to his end goal were not insurmountable. The path ahead was clearer now, with new boundaries having been established.
“It wasn’t meant to be you,” the Witch said. “It was never meant to be—”
Sherlock’s musings on the subject ended around the time John began to laugh without breath and without pause. The furrow that formed between Sherlock’s brows made John laugh even harder, even while he attempted to get himself back under control. There were cocks out, Sherlock’s arse lubed, and John couldn’t stop giggling into Sherlock’s left pillow.
It seemed that David was right, but luckily, being correct made him sound completely insane.
He imagined a real mystery, not like the trivial incident with the stolen necklace. Something dramatic, like a
“Good afternoon,” he said to the strange man as an afterthought, tugging Gladstone away.
Sherlock concluded it was the kind of thought that would be better kept to himself. “You could have made love to me with your shoulder covered,” he whispered instead. It was a good point, after all.
As he returned to the house, he was momentarily blinded by a beam of light reflected from something metallic in the distance.
“Just met, and you’re already nagging me about eating?” Sherlock asked, head tilted to the side in a way that reminded John of a cat. “What kind of stalker are you?”
Despite not being in hearing range, Stamford got up to leave the room, saying to one guest he would return shortly.
. Why did you risk your hiding place?”
Moriarty. Of course. To his dying day, he would remember that man’s face as he stood in the entranceway of the West wing. Those dead eyes were gloating, delighted with his success. Moriarty saw him in the depths of his devastation, and simply smiled.
Sherlock’s grin grew till it was no longer crooked in the slightest. “I’m willing to extend you the same courtesy that you gave me. Three guesses John, do use them well.”
“This isn’t a game.” Or at least, not one John felt liked playing. “Listen, it’s not that I wouldn’t tell you the answer to your question. It’s that you won’t believe me.”
Staring at the empty bed, he wondered if a marriage could be declared a failure after a few months. He supposed it could, when one of the parties still loved someone who was dead.
John rocked back on his heels and cracked a crooked smile up at him, perhaps to break the intensity of his current scrutiny. “So, not a fetish then?”
Well, in for a penny and all that.
“Our client’s husband,” Sherlock replied, as he strolled right up to the front door Ms Hammersmith had such an excellent view of.
It made one think of the sort of things that would happen below board. And how much one wished they had.
“I called her while I was waiting - she says she’ll come pick up Howard. Plans to get him cremated apparently,” John looks down at the dog, feeling somewhat guilty for his earlier comment. “I think she’s not moving back in here any time soon.”
Spying a stick in a bush, John shifted his weight to his right leg, and pottered off the path. First, he pulled, and then pushed down as if applying force to a lever. It required most of his remaining energy, but at last there was give, and John almost smacked himself in the face with the other end of the stick, which was startlingly dressed as a person and had some kind of root vegetable for a head.
It seemed his mind had recently been stuffed full of cotton balls. He was currently wading through them to find meaning in John’s spoken words, like reaching for pills at the bottom of a bottle.
“John,” Sherlock says aloud. “I’d very much like for you to take me to bed now.”
Sherlock couldn’t believe this, the idea of it – that John had misinterpreted him so badly, and that he in turn had done the same with John. That John didn’t know, that John
The answer came to him less than a moment later. There was only one person always on the beach, always watching, always around that little cottage. Anderson.
“Hopeless,” Sherlock murmured. His whole head of hair, starting from the roots and spreading, turned into ginger curls, while his pores continued spouting green slime. “Hopeless.”
“If you’d be so kind,” John said, through gritted teeth.
As he was about to leave he heard a footfall behind him. He turned to find himself facing Moriarty, approaching him from the ante room. He moved backward instinctively in surprise. Was the man just constantly in this wing, waiting to spring himself on people?
“It’s fine, John. All exactly to your tastes, and mine. In a word, perfect.”
“I was right, wasn’t I?” John asked, his voice pitched low, his eyes downcast. “If there’d been a chance before, it’s gone now. And besides, you don’t - feel things that way.” John’s hands had now completely left his person, all contact between them severed. John laughed, high and strange. It pierced through the noise in his head. The sound of it was distressing.
“The relationship was over before you. Just to be clear.”
John took a stab at what the man really wanted to be told. He knew the type.
Unbidden, John imagined Sherlock settling into his chair, now moved to Sherlock’s bedroom, maybe after solving a case, his blood still racing from the thrill of the game. Janine, flirtatious Janine, wearing only one of Sherlock’s dress shirts, sliding onto Sherlock’s open thighs, glibly asking, “Did you solve me a case, Sherlock Holmes?”
“Photo... no, actually, say it again,” Sherlock demanded, climbing out of the chair and pushing the floating games board out of the way to crouch in front of John. Sherlock peered down at his mouth waiting to see how the word was formed, while the Hudson bot tutted as it began to the right the board where it had been tipped on its side in the air.
John was having a worse time of it, and spent most of his climb glaring down at Sherlock, happily panting in his arms.
John follows suit.
It was time to put away his unrealized wants, and continue walking down his own path.
. And no attempt was made at a rebuttal.
He’d scoff appropriately at John’s lackluster writing skills, but, if he were being honest, he rather enjoyed John’s embellishments. Quite a lot, actually.
John feels himself grinning from ear to ear.  Sherlock moves towards him and crouches to the ground with his bound hands behind his back, clearly focused on John’s leg wound.
He scoffed. “I don’t have
“Indefinitely,” John finally answered. “Like I said, they wanted me to find out what was breaking the bots. I guess, now that I’ve sent back data that shows nothing interesting, and none of the bots have been reported back to the home base as broken in awhile….”
_______
“Are you calling to tell me that your husband has accepted my offer?” Magnussen asked. “I would be delighted to put down roots beyond my office in London. The country can be quite lovely in the spring I understand.”
“Are you quite finished?” Sherlock asked, his back still turned. He hated the thought of Moriarty being able to read the tension in his shoulders, but it was better than showing his face. “I know nothing about it.”
With a deep breath, “I wish I could tell you.”
“Do you understand what I’m telling you?” John asked.
John broke off for a moment, and stared ahead. Sherlock remembered that John had always found it easier to talk this way, in the driver’s seat, looking out at the road before them. When he began again, his voice was soft, barely audible over the sound of the engine. “I don’t know that I would have made it through this without you, I always thought if this day came I wouldn’t - ,” John stopped again, his eyes glassy where they looked ahead. “I was so alone, and I owe you so much.”
He moves back down the hallway.
Of course, Sherlock realized now. The man sitting next to Magnussen at the inquest. One of Mary’s men, who had understood the value of the correspondence.
Sherlock nodded. How much one conversation could have solved.
“I don’t care about the boots,” Sherlock said. Then, after a pause, “I gather you didn’t find any—stars.”
“Good evening,” he said, teasingly. He raised a brow at John. Why was the man so dumbfounded? Why did he look like that?
“Thank you, but I’m meeting someone,” John replied, not pausing.
The man’s earlier bluster returned at the first sign of hesitation, like a shark smelling blood in the water. His lips twitched upwards, before beginning to slowly move his hand in a circular motion beneath his sheet.
“You know this means something … to humans,” John said.
“Wilkes is waiting for me downstairs,” he said, increasing the volume of his voice. He supposed he could leave, but John hadn’t bid him a formal farewell. That’s what he’d come here for, hadn’t he?
This in a way was accurate, and he wondered briefly if he had jeopardized his position by being so inattentive. Luckily, Wilkes seemed to enjoy complaining about being abandoned more than actually minding it.
> What point?
The man’s eyebrows shot all the way up to his hairline at that, and then quickly lowered into a look of intense suspicion.
John also knew that Sherlock was lonely and broken, but how the hell did you get past the kind of barriers Sherlock had up around him? John would have said Sherlock was a difficult man to know, if not for the fact that he felt sure he knew him already.
The man’s hips were still rocking, panting breaths loud through John’s speakers.
“You have no idea what she was like,” John said, clutching him by the arm. “How cold, and- and
“Intimately,” Sherlock replied, and Captain Watson laughed. Stamford didn’t seem to know quite what to make of them. They coordinated dismounting, while a servant rushed out to take care of the horse.
“Let them talk then,” John said, and that was apparently to be the end of that. Sherlock rather missed the days of John chiding him to behave, but he had said he wouldn’t be a child any longer.
A man emerged from the perfectly still line-up of staff. He was not particularly tall or noteworthy at first glance, but strolled towards them with an air of effortless confidence.
But he didn’t have to do any of this alone.
Or he would have, if not for another snort. Sherlock paused, again.
“You must think me easily impressed,” Watson murmured, chin dipping towards his chest.
> Well, all the same, sorry about your dog.
John cut off the call soon after, traveling down the hallway in the direction he’d just seen a tail wag past.
John stood, cane in hand, and moved to the mantelpiece. John with his hand in his pocket, trying to not meet his gaze, obviously remembering Mary. John was probably considering how strange it was that a wedding present to Mary had been destroyed by his second spouse.
He saw from the corner of his eye Lestrade reach out as if to go to John, and he realized John looked like he was about to faint. He reached out one hand as well, but John finally moved, breaking eye contact with him at last and steadied himself with his cane.
John waited. When nothing happened, he looked back uphill into the mist, but turned back quick enough to catch sight of the scarecrow hopping forward.
They spent the rest of the evening together, though John imagined he was poor company. He only listened to Mike with half an ear, devilish eyes and a matching smile never far from his mind.
“There’s much more than just that. That’s only the first in a string of things that will all point back to me. If they’ve found the boat, I haven’t any hope,” John said. John’s expression didn’t betray fear any more, only resignation. So brave, in the face of what John believed was the inevitable.
When he finished dinner, he went immediately to the minstrels' gallery to refresh his memory. He had all the paintings quite memorized at this point of course, but he’d never observed them from the perspective of creating a costume. Irene Norton was absolutely correct, which he imagined she often was. He truly had been an idiot to not have considered it. The painting of the siblings was also a Raeburn, and the portrait was of the two Watsons, the sister and brother of John’s great-great grandfather. The outfit wasn’t overly dated, but enough to be recognized as fancy dress. And he would look excellent in it.
John nodded, and conveyed the message to Lestrade.
“You’re an idiot,” he replied, and John didn’t contest it. Sherlock examined the area once more, feeling where he believed one of the fragments was. He caught John’s eye, silently asking for permission to proceed, and John granted it.
John was watching him struggle, leaning against the damp door, completely unhelpful, and not at all agitated. John was resigned to their situation apparently. “Hours at least, yeah. I suppose we can entertain ourselves.”
“Obvious,” he replied.
“This is the Royal Wizard’s idea of petty revenge, I suppose. As if
No, John says. Because he hasn’t. We were with the two succulents, John says, when we last left off. The cactus escaped from his pot, soil spilling everywhere—
. With the additional advantage of each slide working Sherlock further open, and John’s right hand rubbing his perineum, no pillow could hold back those sounds. As vocal as the guide claimed the receiving partner might be, there were moans, and garbled words, and outright cries, and John hated that Sherlock was flipped down. John wanted to see his face, especially when he ventured from indirect to direct contact.
,” Sherlock groaned, dragging the tormented man back onto the fire escape. “Do not humour him with that nickname. But do give him at least a tenner.”
He didn’t know how to respond. How could he have known? And yet,
“And I want to be serious with you now. You know. Romantic.”
“Hardly fail-safe,” Sherlock replied, though not for any fear that he felt himself, but as a test. Many men acted differently in a fit of passion than they would under other circumstances. Would Watson recoil and regret his actions when he returned to his senses?
The door is still locked.
“Well?” Sherlock asked, “don’t you have a hot meal to organize?”
With a choice between an evening at the pub with another healer from the clinic or alone in his barren lodgings, John had chosen the pub. However, there was a reason he rarely took Mike up on the offer; the streets were packed with people milling about in excitement at more soldiers being dispatched, making it difficult for John to walk. After having his cane almost jostled from his grip twice, John veered into a back alley to avoid the crowd.
A trip to Bart’s is in order the following day - as luck would have it, Molly has texted about a delightfully interesting corpse available for his perusal. If he hesitates in hailing a cab and ends up walking to the nearest underground station, well, maybe he’s just thinking about actually paying Mrs Hudson the full rent for this month. If he specifically chooses to be on the train going in the exact same direction at the same time as yesterday, it bears absolutely no significance. He is certainly not holding out any foolish hope of seeing the same man from yesterday.
“Hang whether you’re right for Manderley!” John exclaimed, his loud voice in stark contrast to the rest of their conversation. “You’re right for me.”
Stamford stayed where he had been when they’d entered, though he had difficulty not pacing on the spot.
“I wouldn’t say that,” he said, walking around her with his hands behind his back.
Maybe once he got started he’d. Gone. With the flow.
Sherlock poured him a cup, and John got comfortable. Across, Sherlock sipped, and nibbled on a chocolate biscuit. John eyed the chocolate coating with a lift of his brows.
John supposed he could have kicked up more of a fuss, maybe demanded to get sent back after a more reasonable period of time. He might have, if not for the relentless boredom of living on the company’s main base. Not to mention all of his clothes were already folded and packed.
Sherlock shook his head, drawing his knees up to his chest. “A month has come and passed,” he said. “I need more time, John.”
“Don’t come in!” he yelled, trying to wash away the evidence of the turn his dreams had taken.
“I know,” he said, as he ensured the cuffs of his new shirt’s sleeves slid just beyond the end of his jacket.
“Are you two… partners?” Watson asked.
> You implied it.
“Because,” Sherlock proceeded, undeterred, “for someone who has a tendency to tell people he’s not gay when others ask about us, it’s just a little - well, it’s a bit - ”
Sherlock’s observations ran their usual course, attempting to view John as he would a stranger. John was clean shaven (he had originally missed a spot, but Sherlock had drawn his attention to it that morning), and plainly, but immaculately, dressed. If someone were particularly observant, they would infer he either took good care of himself or was well cared for. John’s wedding ring was spotless. The indent it made in his skin indicated he did not take it off, and that he had been fitted for it in the spring, as fingers swelled more in the summer. If someone were clever, it would be overwhelmingly obvious that John’s new marriage was quite the success. Sherlock reflected that he might have been focusing on the wrong details out of a clear bias, and doubted the impact such signs would have on the Coroner, given that he would likely be unable to observe any of this at all.
, he’d gone to Kerrith. That wasn’t that far away by car however, so John would be back shortly. His skin itched with the knowledge that he’d have to wait even longer to see him.
“You’re saying,” he said, his mind beginning to spin the implication of John's statement, “that she died before she was on the boat. That someone killed her and made it look like an accident.”
“Yes,” he said simply, calling John’s bluff. John’s smile became decidedly flirtatious. It occurred to Sherlock that he had not been able to read John this well before. It made him think of how often John had flirted with him, and he hadn’t understood. Sherlock also realized he was fully dressed, and began slipping out of his suit jacket, then unbuttoning his shirt. John watched him avidly, looking away once, before immediately turning back. John was just like him - guilty to be caught staring before remembering that he was allowed, that Sherlock was in fact stripping for him.
Sherlock’s skin was no longer the pale imitation of John’s, the blue seemingly traveling through their veins, and peeking out at the edges of their coveralls. “I—” Sherlock began, but never finished.
“Dear God no,” Sherlock shuddered.
And, at last, John ran around the side of the Hudson, and into the unknown of the blue dust ahead.
Watson looked back in surprise, as if just remembering he wasn’t alone. The other man had forgotten him entirely. Watson noticeably did not respond to his question, averting his gaze once more.
He turned the knob slowly, and pushed in. While the room itself was in complete and utter darkness, he could still smell the staleness of the place. The closed shutters allowed not even a sliver of light to pass through, but once his eyes adjusted he could see the outline of furniture swathed in white sheets for keeping off the dust. He stepped into the room, his hand still on the door. He could see the outline of a bed in the center of the room.
you were looking for?” John panted, jokingly pressing himself against Sherlock’s hip.
“I know,” John placated. “I meant—”
He felt the muscles in his face stretching, moving in ways he was seldom accustomed to, till he was sure he was beaming too brightly for such a simple suggestion.
Sherlock had to admit, though it was begrudging, that Watson had danced enough dances for a rest to seem reasonable at that time of the evening. It was clever of him, as his absence would not be as missed.
“Come, I want to show you something.”
No, Sherlock says. I want to hear more about this ram. I imagine he’s ferocious despite his relative size to others in the animal kingdom.
“Gentle words,” John said, “and quiet affection.”
, all right. But don’t say I didn’t warn you.”
He sighed, and ate a piece of chicken if it would make the man leave. Dear Lestrade, thinking that he was actually moping about his costume.
“A small cove,” John said, ducking his head. “Gladstone, come on.”
“Don’t suppose you can talk?” After a pause, “No, ‘course not. You’re a scarecrow. Silly of me.”
He wondered if tall-dark-and-cheekbones would mind some kissing, or if this was just how gay men who called sex hotlines preferred it.
“You have an occasional limp in your leg and tremor in your hand, both of which you resent as their source is the psychological rather than the physical. Physical injuries would be nobler to you, I believe. You once considered a very different life from the one you have now, I think. Perhaps medicine, considering your caretaker tendencies, like the ones you’ve displayed towards me, and the fact that you don’t smoke. Not commonly accepted, but some medical professionals believe it can’t be good for the lungs. ”
The answer was shy yet sardonic, in the same way the guide had been both technical and revealing. John sank deeper.
He was broken from his musings by Sebastian’s chuckling, and realized he’d lost the thread of the conversation.
John gave up easily, reaching for his paper as soon as Sherlock looped his scarf around his neck. Sherlock bounded down the stairs shortly after, glad for his quick exit — he’d rather not be around for when John flipped to the crossword, only to find that all the answers had already been penciled in.
As John approached twenty-two Northumberland Street, he spotted an Italian restaurant, just as described in the book.
John snorted. It was clear SH viewed themselves exempt from the “everyone” who was an idiot. It was also clear that while the statement was arrogant, SH was attempting to make John feel less humiliated. It was a terrible attempt, and didn’t make John feel better at all, but it was at least funny. This appeared to be SH’s idea of how to console someone. John was smiling again. He continued reading.
The damage to the house itself was well under way by the time they arrived, and the servants on the lawn rushed to their car, urging them to keep back from the main drive. John barked at the Colonel to send for help, desperately scanning the crowd for one person in particular.
“So, the man then. From the family photos. Does this mean he was the husband’s brother?” John questions, steering them back on track to discussing the case.
Sherlock looked almost disappointed that John hadn’t understood whatever hint had just been given, which John felt was rather unfair.
“What are you saying?” John asked, distracted by the renewed pain in his shoulder, his vision blurring as he resisted the urge to grasp it in his hand to contain it.
He paused, looking back at John from the rock he had already scaled. He gazed pointedly at John’s leg.
You know, I’m starting to notice a trend here, John says, a while later. After John has followed up on that clumsy, but endearing—Christ, it’s all so endearing—innuendo.
Sherlock slipped further forward in his chair, as if to crowd John for the answer, but then pressed him for something else entirely. “Humphrey?”
> Sherlock?
Neither of them ate before it, John for once not nagging him to do so. They were both relieved Harriet had begged off coming with them, and had asked minimal questions about the whole ordeal. Sherlock suspected that John would not have been able to handle his abrasive sister, unaware of what they were hiding, on top of everything else.
Nothing happening in the evening didn’t sound very promising to John, but Sherlock crowed in happiness, and spun away from the stoop.
John nodded once, quick. “Yeah.”
“I understand I’m nothing like her,” he said, his new fascination for discussing Mary not entirely abated. “A disappointment for you all, I’m sure. Lacking in all the qualities needed for being in charge of this place. I can barely stand one visit with the neighbours.”
Colonel Barclay seemed impressed, and was looking over to Lestrade to get started.
“I’ve done that before,” Sherlock scoffed, “and you reacted with far more poise.”
“Is this a shock to you, Mr Watson?”
” John mimicked a poor approximation of Sherlock’s voice. “And then once I’d said yes,
Wiping at the corner of his eye, John’s giggles petered out. “Okay. Right. Still, why hearts, if you don’t mind me asking?”
- till Sherlock buried his flushed face into John’s upper arm and shoulder, his legs gripping John’s hips as his husband moved inside of him in long, deep thrusts.
“What do you mean - missing?” she asks, her voice tenuous.
Archie was still eyeing John with trepidation, which John didn’t think was warranted, considering they were in a wizard’s castle.
Shocked silence followed in the wake of his departure, before the crowd broke out into murmurs. Wilkes at first seemed nervous, but was soon laughing as if nothing had happened at all.
“You needn’t do your own unpacking, Sir. Someone will be sent up to do it for you, and attend to you until your personal valet arrives,” Moriarty informed him, all business once again.
Of course, John choosing him to be his partner at all, in his home and life, was more than enough, more than he had ever dreamt of. And yet, the actual impossible things he had dreamt of…
Sherlock also saw through John in seconds. As of late, all anyone ever saw when they looked at him was a cane and a limp. They saw an invalid, someone who enjoyed the ‘quiet life’. They, luckily, saw grief.
John’s husband. Him, as John’s husband.
“Don’t!” John cried. “Just - stop. You don’t want to go that way. I’ll go after him.”
Or at least he hoped, as John didn’t particularly want to consider the alternative. He’d seen evidence of Sherlock’s care, but at times their behaviour made John question everything he thought he knew about his otherworldly companion. Despite both of them tinkering within the routing bots on a regular basis, the idea of Sherlock taking apart the Hudson bot with that same kind of analytical efficiency made a cold lump settle in his stomach.
“Yes, so you’ve said,” John replies, his face sliding easily into his threatening smile, which is entirely lost on the Madame. “How about you tell me if you know how I could find him?“
There was a desperation to this question that made John feel as if he’d revealed far too much, and he quickly steered the conversation away from how Sherlock
“Now if anyone tries to enter, they would be stopped by our weight, allowing us time to right ourselves. Not our fault if the door was jammed,” John explained, with faux innocence.
John signed once the man could see him, and the man obeyed, continuing to crane his neck backwards in a position that couldn’t possibly be comfortable.
I am very late getting this to you, but in my defence it is Very Long (chapter length variability is at an all time high, though it's a short chapter in its heart)
Sherlock, clever thing that they were, pulled in the poacher’s arms slightly to the left, and John fired, the shot going clean through the man’s left shoulder.
Just use the breeds I picked.
“That’s right sir,” the boat builder affirmed with a confidence that made Sherlock want to stand up and begin airing all the man’s dirty secrets to the courtroom at large. Others must have had similar ideas, as people were beginning to stand, to respond to the accusation - there were many voices speaking at once all around them, with him and John sitting in the center of it, trying to appear too shocked to take part. The Coroner was begging them to be silent, and the momentary raucous died down. The Coroner was calling for John to respond. Sherlock couldn’t take his eyes off him. He should have looked away.
He did not bother to dignify this with a response.
“Aren’t you getting tired of this,
“Git, and a drama queen,” John said, making the insults sound like endearments, before giving in.
John’s hand raised to Sherlock’s throat, tracing the slowly fading scars there, before sliding up and along their jawline to lead their chin down to meet him halfway. The first time John was the one to initiate a kiss, the touch was sweet and careful, still chaste. It was a relief to press his lips to Sherlock’s while knowing they were now both very aware that they were, in fact, kissing, and aware of the significance of the act.
John should have felt guilty for thinking of his obviously inexperienced friend in such a way, but John was tired of feeling guilty. And -- his heart hoped. The way Sherlock sometimes looked at him, and the way Sherlock sought him out…. Sometimes, John believed his instant and overwhelming infatuation could be reciprocated.
When he closed the door of his room, he locked it behind him. The memory of that morning, which seemed so long ago, still hung in the air. The threat of Moriarty walking in, and finding him here, in the space meant for him and John.
Thank you to my BETA SQUAD that came out for this chapter, Bruna, Soli and Robin.
He reached for the book in his pocket and in his haste it fell from his hands. The envelope with John’s note card slid out, and the first page lay face up looking towards him.
“Yeah, that’s getting a bit scary now, the blinking thing,” John was saying, from somewhere rather far away.
As a rule whenever John looks in his direction, he quickly turns the other way. Unfortunately, this often means he can’t even see John’s reflection in the car windows.
Sherlock nodded, pleased that Watson had remembered his words so clearly. The moment stretched out between them. Too long. Regret began to grow within him, a queasy feeling starting in the pit of his stomach. He had gambled too much.
He breathed out in relief while wetting a cloth to run across his front. Had Wilkes said ‘good news’? That likely meant anything but.
Lestrade cleared his throat. “Lunch is ready, if the masters and their guests were interested in dining earlier than scheduled.”
“The planets don’t have much to them, as I’m sure you can attest,” the man responded. “And what these people are looking for can be pinpointed quite easily using heat sensors. That is, if it isn’t sufficiently hidden. Make sure that it is, Mr Watson.”
“They’ll be able to correctly identify her body based on whatever clothes or jewelry remains,” he commented, inferring what John meant.
The diamond wheel was now almost always green side down, and John had been instructed to no longer take on customers in either Kingsbury or Porthaven. Mrs Hudson would flinch every time there was a bang, and though the knocking could continue for long periods, Sherlock refused to answer it.
. I didn’t have a single moment of happiness with her. It was a nightmare from start to bloody finish.”
John went to suit up in the Hudson’s antechamber, and made the short trip to the base in record time, heading straight for the bot charging bay. And sure enough—there was Sherlock, pulling out the insides of the Anderson bot, once again.
John had ducked out to Tesco Express, which only afforded Sherlock a narrow time window. Too many factors to consider for a confident estimate—John fighting with technology at the store, John attempting to find sales, John chatting up a woman in the queue. In any event, Sherlock couldn’t risk it.
> I’m taking the tube, I can’t possibly get there that fast.
“There’s something you aren’t telling me,” John asserted, firm but concerned. Sherlock’s silence continued. “Sherlock,” John said, simply, and that was what did it.
They lapsed into silence.
He couldn’t help but laugh in relief. John whispering ungracious things to him was reminiscent of their time together before Manderley. Their once growing friendship had almost ground to a complete halt since they’d arrived, and he had been sorely missing the easy-going nature of their Monte Carlo excursions.
Out of the corner of his mouth, John whispered, “Sherlock…?” and the dog barked. John’s spirits lifted a bit after that.
“Why?” Sherlock asked flippantly, “so you could have only half of a moral crisis over being interested in me?”
. If the results of the next day were not in their favour, John had quite the court case ahead of him. John knew this, and was going to offer Sherlock another exit - but Sherlock would beat him to the punch. There was too much that he still wanted to experience with John. He needed to make the most of the time he had.
“It’s a big bed.”
“Sherlock?” John was getting impatient. He just wanted to get out of this room, which they were stuck in because Sherlock’s plan had fallen to pieces, and now John was doing the only thing that would allow them to get out. That’s what this about. Not how his lips might feel when pressed against the sensitive skin of John’s inner wrist.
“What do you mean?” Sherlock asked, head turning towards him sharply.
“You’re all those things to me too, of course you are. ‘Colleague’,” John laughed, but without his heart in it. “Being your colleague would be an honour, of course. I only mean there was so little time. I rushed you into it. I never gave you a chance to think it over.”
John was momentarily stunned, and had to concede the point that the first time Sherlock had said those words, John had not in his wildest dreams believed he could mean it in that way.
Instead, he was frozen in silence, waiting for John to laugh. In a moment, John would reveal his shocking statement had been a jest made in poor taste. Revenge, perhaps, for the night before. John was joking, surely, and he just couldn’t tell. The fog around them made it difficult for him to tell much anything, in truth.
“There are worse fates,” John replied, brushing Sherlock’s fringe back from his forehead, and trailing his hand down to where Magnussen had pressed his face.
A flush goes up John’s neck and he feels immediate stirrings in his own crotch in response.
Sherlock’s eyes lit up in delighted surprise. “So it is your name then?”
best friend, or so you told me.”
John realized Sherlock was likely too oversensitive from their recent orgasm, and released them from his grip, not wanting to give Sherlock more than they could handle. John’s cock rested against his stomach, now dripping with excess fluid, and still desperate for more contact.
“Nothing matters more my dear boy,” he asserted. “Would you forgive the sailor for his crime?”
“Sister! Ugh, there’s always something.”
A footman arrived and began to clear the tea things. Their earlier peaceful moments were to be disrupted it seemed.
“Your use of that damnable stuff! What else could I mean?”
When Sherlock sneered at him like that, John could understand why people might think he was a heart-eater.
Luckily John didn’t seem to know what to make of that comment, but continued to eye him doubtfully. He realized John thought he would hate it. Perhaps John thought he couldn’t last that long, that eventually his true face would break through after hours of hosting a large party. John needn’t have worried - he was an excellent actor. And if John’s only reservations were for him, it meant that secretly John missed those once famous parties, as he’d suspected.
Sherlock, with each word bitten off, said, “This is not
As John continued to tease the obvious erection in Sherlock’s coveralls, he began to notice that there was in fact one aspect of this that was a bit out of the norm. Namely, that the front of Sherlock’s coveralls was growing wet.
“We hated each other,” John said, slowly, so he would understand. “I never meant to kill her, and I’ve regretted it every second of every day of my life since, but God I hated her. If you’d known her you’d understand. Or, maybe you wouldn’t have. She could fool anyone. Before I met you she was the cleverest person I’d ever known.  She knew how to take people in, win them over. Smart, funny, goodness incarnate - anything you wanted her to be, she could be. She did it to me, for as long as she needed to. I had to marry, continue the line, and she made herself the perfect candidate at the perfect time. Right after the estate came into my name on its last legs. Once I realized who she really was, we were already engaged.”
“John,” Sherlock admonished. He’d specifically asked him to do so, to steal something if he must, but of course John thought himself tough enough.
Though that wasn’t quite right. John’s voice was of course at its average volume.
Sherlock paused his ringing to listen to the sound of a disgruntled and put-upon woman climbing the stairs. “You’ll be the death of me, Sherlock Holmes,” Mrs Hudson announced as she entered. “My hips aren’t what they used to be -- and there’s no need for all that racket!”
Sherlock shouted at the first contact, followed by a murmured stream of breathless, “yes, yes,
Especially when, after finally collecting himself, Sherlock simply replied:
“Sorry old boy! You must have wanted to bid me adieu before I left. I was being very secretive you see, I do love to cause a bit of a stir!”
If there had been another person on board, someone would have been reported missing. And who would it have been? Mary Watson’s death had been famous, in the news for weeks. Someone shut in the cabin who was unaccounted for made no sense. They all knew what it likely meant - it was Mary in the cabin.
It was this kind of blundering line of questioning that made it difficult for one to resist the urge to do bodily harm to Wilkes, but Watson was unfazed.
All of this he processed in at most the blink of an eye.
Anderson looked towards Sherlock, and back to the Colonel, confused.
“Yes,” Lestrade replied awkwardly. “We’re all sorry for it of course.” Lestrade wore a sympathetic expression, until he took in the sight of their mussed coats and trousers, which caused his eyebrows to rise several inches.
His bath in the evenings became a time when he’d imagine many somethings, as it was the only time and place he knew for certain no servant would be nearby. Clinging to the memory of the John from his dreams, he’d imagine John walking into the bathroom, mistakenly thinking it empty. John would offer to leave him - but he was bold in his fantasy, and he’d tell John to stay, glibly informing him there was more than enough room for the two of them.
When John had first offered that they work in each others’ company, he had nearly jumped at the opportunity. John had at first insisted that he didn’t need to stay around if he didn’t want to, especially if something else caught his own attention. He wondered what John thought he did about the place. Maybe Mary had always had so many self-created assignments, she was never bored and always busy. He for one felt no remorse helping John, or hindering him as the case may be, in his daily process. His presence certainly seemed to distract his husband - even though John attempted to be responsible, he still frequently felt John’s eyes fixed on him. John clearly thought he was being discreet, and would redirect his gaze if caught, but it was hard to miss. He imagined John was checking in on him, as though John couldn’t believe his husband would want to sit with him during the day.
” John asked, gesturing to the ship, but in the end, to himself. “Is that it?”
> I, yeah, I know that.
Now there were loose threads hanging, and he knew if he pulled on any one of them, it would all unravel. He needed to think. He needed --  John.
It was starting to make it hard for him to see John.
He should have burned the book when he’d had the chance, but now his thoughts were rushing to a clear end that pained him somewhat with its finality.
“It’s impossible to see anything out there,” Sherlock commented, almost overly loud. “I tripped and took John down as well, clumsy me. Better clean these.”
The officer on horseback made to follow the man in pursuit, but Sherlock pulled at his horse’s reins as he passed. The officer looked down at him, perplexed, but halted.
“You’ve wanted to see this for a long time, haven’t you? Didn’t I tell you it was the best room in the house.” Moriarty took hold of his arm, and steered him towards the bed. The man’s touch made his skin crawl, but he didn’t pull away. Moriarty was right, after all. He had wanted to know for a long time. Who would have guessed Moriarty would offer him the answers to all his questions.
Well, there went having a nap.
In between quick, sweet kisses, Sherlock comments, “so it’s not just danger, then?”
> :-P
Watch yourself, now. You know what happened to John Lennon when he said that.
“Does it?” Sherlock asked, looking heavenward. So much for playing a game on his phone.
Sherlock hadn’t been looking at him, but had now turned their head even further away from him. “Does it matter?”
Four days passed before John’s blog received any such recognition.
John knew immediately what Sherlock was referring to, and also knew he should probably be pissed at Sherlock for finding it.
He couldn’t help but think ‘no, I suppose you wouldn’t’, and realized after the fact that by accident he’d spoken the words aloud.
Seeing Sherlock’s cold face, John realized he might actually go through with it.
“Is that a
> See you soon, then? I mean, tomorrow.
Which is how John finds himself, once again, outside of what appears to be a perfectly average looking residence for a place that has a supposed supernatural reputation.
The possibly unfortunate side effect being that no matter how old John got, he still wanted nothing more than to be Sherlock Holmes’ friend. His one confidante, an encourager of his genius, and his supporter in all things—and, obviously, around to let him know when he was being a prat. As a result, becoming the kind of man who might be useful to Sherlock Holmes was never far from his mind.
John reached around once more, testing the waters as his climax approached, rubbing down Sherlock’s chest absently. While still propping themselves up against the wall, two of Sherlock’s hands grabbed John’s, and pulled it down to their cock, sighing when John began to stroke them again. They pushed back to meet his more forceful thrusts, but Sherlock seemed mostly focused on bracing themselves against the wall as the momentum of John’s own desperate movements drove them forward with each snap of his hips. Sherlock’s pleasure was vocalized by a low whir that only grew louder, the vibrations of which John could practically feel in his cock as he slid against them, harder and faster.
“No need to exaggerate,” John said, though based on his estimates from looking at the map, they had taken him further.
“No, honestly it’s – I wish we had more time here, to stay in our own little world. This isn’t how I would like to do things. I want to do it – right.”
being just the asset he specifically intended to draw John’s attention to). Sherlock looked over his shoulder to find John momentarily startled, but he soon recovered. John reached for the towel hanging from the rack, and held it open for Sherlock to step into. Sherlock climbed over the edge of the tub, dripping water across the floor, but didn’t accept the towel.
“Is that sarcastic?” Sherlock asked, recalling his fainting spell and John’s brief annoyance.
Everyone’s attention returned to the doctor, John and the Colonel both exhaling in relief, though for somewhat differing reasons. Meanwhile, Sherlock’s gaze narrowed in on the Doctor’s notes, reading the writing upside down.
“Someone has to make the first move,” Watson suggested. “Perhaps the person who has rebuffed the other many times in the past. The one who has made the other think he no longer stands a chance. I believe you might have recently learned the importance of communication in a relationship?”
To his annoyance, Moriarty followed him, traveling fast enough to walk beside him.
If the energy had been high before, the day of the ball the house was abuzz. He didn’t sleep a wink the night before, obsessing over the miniature model that he’d brought up to their room, and occasionally looking over John’s sleeping form. His costume had arrived the day prior, and he hadn’t left John alone in the room since, not trusting him to not take a peek. John laughed and held up his hands every time he pointed his finger at him when John even so much as moved near his wardrobe. He had forced John out of the room when he’d tried it on, and Lady Irene had not been lying - the place she’d suggested had been very good.
> Then I’m your man.
He noticed that John omitted any commentary on whether Moriarty scared him.
Does it smell? Does
“He helped me out,” John explained, still not sure what to make of it himself. “Not like how people described him at all. Charming, even.” A stealer of hearts, indeed.
“And how exactly do you propose they got in and got out again?” John asks, smiling his tight, sardonic smile. If Greg’s theory was the case, it was the kind of thing only Sherlock ever knew, and he was. Well. God only knows where.
“Sherlock Holmes,” John clarified, struggling to keep his eyes open. A look of confusion passed over Bill’s face.
Ms Hammersmith peered up the street, and down it, before mirroring Sherlock’s posture, and answering in a whisper, “Why, yes, the Wilsons. But nothing happened on February 2nd in the evening.”
That at least made Sherlock laugh, though it was barely louder than a quick exhale of air.
[backs away slowly] SEE YOU NEXT WEEK xoxo
, John had begged him to never go. Maybe he’d tried to stand from the window seat, but John had pulled him back towards him, kissing him the moment they were reunited. He’d fallen partially into John’s lap, and, clever thing that he was, readjusted himself to be straddling John’s legs. The kisses only grew more heated, with John occasionally breaking away to press possessive open-mouthed kisses and nips to his neck. He’d thrown his head back, unable to contain his groans, rocking his hips into John, and John meeting his every thrust. He imagined John lowering his hand between them, opening his trousers with urgency and sliding them down his hips. At first, John would just stroke him, smooth and fast. But then, John would slide the other hand along his side. His breath caught in his throat. John’s phantom fingers ran a line across his lower back, and dipped once they reached his spine.
Sherlock’s lips parted as if to speak, before his mouth closed tightly again. John felt his head angle to the side, as if suggesting that he was all ears.
John sat down across from him, folding his hands onto the table. “Nowhere close. Do you need to eat to live, like a person? And if you can, then why the blood bags?”
John kisses the palm touching his hair, and reaches low with dripping fingers.
If he had been told months ago he would soon spend days on end sitting in a room with another person, and that rather than finding this hateful he would just be glad of the other’s presence, he would have likely raised his brow with doubtful scorn. But months ago, he had not yet met the right man.
John said, left hand motioning around his own mouth.
But did he trust his own mind, and what he thought he knew of John Watson?
He was beginning to see he wasn’t going to get any sense out of the man.
The following day, John attempted to play chess with Sherlock at the game board, but they were not well-matched. Sherlock’s strategy was infinitely better than his own, and Sherlock’s patience infinitely less.
“Are you lost?” he asked as he descended the stairs towards her.
His expression must have communicated his skepticism, as John continued with more reassurances.
This quickly changed when he felt the tip of John’s tongue lick at the seam of his lips, before sliding into his mouth. His knees went weak, and he leaned fully into John’s one-armed embrace. He had forgotten about the rain, which had started to come down harder, and John’s inability to stand without aid.
He reached for it with a trembling hand, undoing the clasp, and revealing the contents within.
, he texted as fast as he was able, not that Sherlock had any reason to believe him.
“Hello, boys!” Mrs Hudson called. She was holding one end of a clothes line, while the scarecrow held the other, with herbs tied in string along the entire stretch of it. “I’ve just doused these in my famous relaxation potion, and am hanging them out to dry.”
For several seconds, John thought he might not be given an answer, but eventually, Sherlock looked back at him over his shoulder. “She stays.”
But he couldn’t very well take Sherlock back with him, could he? Sherlock had been right to be distrustful of him and others of his kind. Aliens had never traveled this far into Earth’s territories. There were rumours of poachers, roaming space bounty hunters of sorts, who attempted to capture alien lifeforms on the outskirts. John couldn’t risk Sherlock being captured.
“Are you suggesting that you no longer believe this to be the work of your husband’s spirit?” Sherlock asks, again with a surprising amount of consideration.
“What was I like?” Sherlock asked, quick to change the subject. “In the Sherlock Holmes novels. Am I different?”
John twisted his head to follow his movements. “While in action.”
“And?” John prompted.
Maybe Greg or the officers had moved it?
“What?” he asked, defensive. “Isn’t it kinder this way?”
But the match flickered, turning blinding and bright, and he was lost again.
John was rock hard in his trousers, and he didn’t even know for how long. It was making its presence known now however, pressing uncomfortably against his zip.
Deeming themselves outmatched by two men and one gun, his attackers scattered. One pulled his knife back while ducking into the brush across, while another ran after the boy, and the last swung himself up onto the saddle of Sherlock’s horse.
Quieter now, Sherlock says: carry on, then. The Goat Messiah, here I come. Do I—I’m sorry, the goat—does the goat get the ram off the mountain? Would the ram, in fact, be all that impressed with the goat? Big horned sheep are also capable of steep ascent—
Sherlock was breathing heavily, eyes glaring daggers at him, as if daring John to do something, anything—even if it meant reacting poorly. John was willing to rise to the challenge.
“You giving him a good shakedown is actually rather … sentimental of you,” John said, in a mockery of deep thought. “Empathetic, even.”
he mouthed back.
“I hope I haven’t startled you,” the man said, his voice low and smooth. Instead of shaking his hand, his visitor gripped it loosely, a damp thumb stroking over his index finger. He barely resisted the desire to flinch away from the touch.
Sherlock wouldn’t meet his eyes, again, casting them down to the ship’s blindingly white floor. The starburst scars along Sherlock’s neck were starting to fade, and John supposed, so would everything else. Everything they had done here, killing time, goofing around with each other, wasn’t meant to last. There had always been an expiry date on their ‘odd couple’ friendship.
“I don’t have a minute!” he yelled, past caring for whether he appeared urgent, rude, or more worryingly, overly-attached. He’d lost all good sense and restraint when he’d chosen not to stay with the car, not that he’d ever had much of the latter anyway. John was taking too long. He pulled on the door handle – damn John, of course he’d lock his door! Maybe he could pick it –
He would scheme if he must. If he was to return Manderley to life, and by extension, John, he needed to set Manderley back in motion. If that involved enlisting Lady Norton to drop hints about the Manderley ball, what harm could it do?
“Jesus! Why are you acting like such a child?”
John had no idea where Sherlock had been staying before on the inhospitable planet, but couldn’t imagine it had been particularly homey. John wondered how Sherlock had come to be on BAK 2212 at all, what Sherlock had been doing this whole time, and whether they had ever gotten lonely.
John noticed Sherlock stumble over their words before launching into this tirade, and John wondered briefly if Sherlock had been reminded of how they’d come to learn the word ‘photosynthesize’ a few days prior.
He lifted his head from John’s shoulder to stare at John in disbelief.
He reared back from the window ledge, Moriarty moving away from his back. For a disorienting moment, he thought Moriarty had shot him.
“Another time,” Sherlock gasped out, “I want to see you, John.”
He was disturbed from his estimation by the sound of a horse, originating from the woods rather than down the path. He resisted turning to face the newcomer, given that there were two men brandishing knives in front of him. “Really?” he cried out, “Are more of you needed against one man?”
> Yes. You have.
think bedtime stories are sophisticated. Like drinking apple juice out of a wine glass. Do you really want to know what I’m thinking? How I feel?
Someone brought him a glass of water. Waiting was an agony. The Coroner would now have to re-question all of them, possibly, or just John, for much longer. An entirely different angle had been provided after all. He imagined the Coroner drilling John the way John had drilled the boat with a spike, until John inevitably snapped in anger. With Magnussen and Moriarty watching on, in silence, gloating.
“All the same, I think you would do it excellently,” Lestrade repeated, speaking again as if he truly felt it. Dear Lestrade, how tactful and considerate.
The alien began to brush their antennae over the front of his helmet’s visor, as if trying to reach his face. The antennae ran over the surface of it in broad strokes, before beginning to tap at his visor incessantly.
“You’re slipping,” the Royal Wizard returned. “Nice touch with the ‘monstrous’ bit, though a tad revealing. Isn’t that a particular concern of yours, o’ heartless one?”
If the Colonel and John had not been present, Sherlock would have made David sorely regret his decision to come into their home at all. As it was...
John was still awake when Sherlock’s breathing evened out, the room filled with the soft sound of slow exhales, and John was most certainly awake when he pressed the palm of his hand to Sherlock’s back, and held it there, feeling his lungs expand on each inhale.
Sherlock laughed softly, any tension he’d felt easing away, leaving behind only a warm, bubbly sensation in his chest. “Oh, is that what you were doing in my fantasy? You really are a very bad man.”
“I think I’ve already asked you to leave my house,” John said after a stretch, his simmering anger approaching a boil. “Don’t make me ask you again.”
“And that’s what you want?” John asked, the volume of his voice dropping, throat closing around the words.
He had just said he didn’t want to go to America. John Watson had always been kind to him. But what exactly was this new, overwhelming act of generosity?
“What do you mean?” John asked, his voice barely audible.
“Who? The Witch of Belgravia?”
“Nobody saw the accident. Nobody even knew she had gone,” Lestrade said.
While still lying on their backs in the valley, Sherlock prompted John to repeat the facts of the situation, confirming and reconfirming that John had left everything the night of the accident the way Mary would have, and that no one had seen him.
Watson’s reaction to his speech was singular. His eyes became almost black from his pupil eclipsing the dark blue iris, and his smile had steel in it, as if he were chomping on a bit.
“Sure, yeah, but I kept reading them. You even played detective with me. You don’t remember this at all, do you?” John asked, thumb rubbing across the crease forming in his brow. Christ. Maybe he really did need to see that psychiatrist.
“Partners!” Sherlock said much louder than necessary, seemingly pleased at being able to speak a full word. “I can see why. You’d certainly be perfect for it.”
The silence stretched while Watson watched him, considering him. “You know very well who.”
He had expected John to be angry, to shout. To throw his paper to the ground, if he had still had it. Instead, there was almost a touch of fear in John’s eyes.
Sherlock shifted their weight, drawing John’s eyes naturally down to their frankly
Moriarty gave the performance of subservience, but then essentially demanded he have a valet. He wished Moriarty would leave him alone, and then continue to do just that.
Sherlock seemed to think otherwise. “Are you all right, John?” Sherlock asked, concern evident in their tone and watchful gaze.
Sherlock’s teeth clenched as he retreated to the dressing table, keeping his back to the mirror. “You’ll only light the one wing on fire, and with us in the room? I think you’re bluffing,” Sherlock said, eyeing the candle flickering on the bedside table.
The tally came out to two and a half shape-shifting related incidents (getting caught with the strays didn’t count as a full one). Hardly anything major really. Sherlock thought that Mycroft ought to eat his unwelcome warnings about how his relationship with John “could only end badly” and that John would “find out soon enough.” If Sherlock could be bothered, he might have texted back that cohabiting and hiding his secret was going wonderfully.
“We’ve contacted you because your name was found in Mrs Watson’s diary on the day she died,” the Colonel said, taking control once more. “Along with your past telephone number. Can you verify what the visit was for?”
John had at the start attempted to draw the newcomer into the conversation, unoriginally asked him how he was finding Monte Carlo. Sherlock, with a surprisingly deep voice, expressed loathing of the falseness of Monte, and gave the general impression of finding Wilkes embarrassing in the extreme, like an annoying uncle who had been forced upon him.
That night, Sherlock dreamt of the West wing.
If John had been angry earlier, it seemed to all melt away.
“Well, yes, I suppose she’d be better off,” John replied, eyes narrowing. He was well and truly lost. Had Sherlock intended that remark about partners as a put off? If so, it had worked. What was John supposed to make of this entire encounter?
Five minutes passed before he and John were alone again, and by then John appeared to be recovered and happy to eat sandwiches. “Having all that crowd over must have put me into a mood,” John said,  “Harry does always rub me up the wrong way.”
Two and a half. John lets the fingers guide him till he’s lying back down.
Wilkes attention wasn't dedicated to him at the moment of course, but he stood ramrod straight at the question, evaluating what Wilkes might know. This line of questioning suggested suspicion - was it possible Wilkes knew he had been lying?
Sherlock squinted at him. “What? What is it?”
> What do you mean, sort of? Do I even want to know what that means? Are you a vigilante.
Sherlock returned to his side in an instant, and offered his arm.
He looked up and smiled then, a real smile, and found he couldn’t help but laugh. And Watson – no, John – was laughing with him.
> I’ve got it. Costumed vigilante. Who solves sex cases. The Sex Guru.
This was his cue to back away from the library door. His knowledge of nooks and crannies throughout the house came in handy for his quick retreat. He moved up the stairs to the first landing and crouched against the wall in the gallery. Moriarty’s face was smug as he passed, and turned to disappear down the West corridor.
“Yes, well – shall I go ask someone to remove his bags from your car before you leave then?” John asked, opening the door. “I’ll just go grab the young man at the end of the hall.”
Mary being cruel, calculating. Mary having affairs, and bringing them back with her to the cottage. Sherlock recalled Anderson on the beach, insisting that he hadn’t seen anything, and begging to not be sent to the asylum. Sherlock had wondered who would be monstrous enough to threaten a harmless simpleton with such an action. It seemed he had an answer.
Sherlock brought the scouter to an abrupt halt, causing the front of John’s helmet to smack against the left side of the scouter. John glared, but Sherlock was already exiting the vehicle, and running one of their hands across a symbol that had been carved into the blue ground.
Her explanation was cut off by a palace guard, who while passing by the open door to the study, caught sight of Sherlock. “It’s the defectors, Wizard Holmes and the Witch of Belgravia! They’re  attacking the Royal Wizard!”
“They’ve paid in advance,” Archie said, holding out a clinking, purple change purse.
He had rummaged through the desk drawers, and happened upon a rather complete account of the ‘Guests at Manderley’. The volume detailed when visitors had arrived and left, which room they had stayed in, what food they had eaten - she had been meticulous.  As someone who indexed his socks, he had to appreciate the attention to detail. Beneath it, he found a stack of thick creamy writing paper. He had assumed they were all blank, until he lifted one from the drawer to find ‘Mrs Watson’ written in bold print, with ‘Manderley’ written in the other corner. He dropped it as if burned, and forced the drawer shut. He looked around, as if someone might have been watching.
Gladstone was still growling, but began to retreat back into the room, looking toward him behind the door as if seeking protection. Gladstone’s alarm only grew as the man progressed into the room.
” Sherlock shouted, breaking at last, stalking towards her, till their faces were mere inches apart. “You think I don’t know that?”
John seemed to have woken up in a world where both a limp and a book series were all in his head. With an intermittent hand tremor to boot he was to return to London, discharged from his former position. He would need to see a psychiatrist.
John had dropped his medical journal onto his armrest, and without further ado, had begun openly staring at Sherlock. His skin had pricked under the scrutiny. “Yes, John?” he prompted.
Watson leaned forward, frowning at him. “I was discharged before you met me. Why would I have been in military dress? What year even was it? Was I still active? Was I stationed nearby to train new troops? And what the devil is wrong with the way we actually did meet that you’re imagining it another way?”
Sherlock slipped back into bed, and there they waited for the next call to come.
The man spelt out John’s name, each letter formed with crisp, slow hand movements, as if John wouldn’t recognize it otherwise.
“Off the record I gather,” John commented, smiling stiffly at the hanging panel he now realized was likely related to locating the scouter.
“Would I?” John asked, his hand tracing a path along Sherlock’s side. “Sounds a bit like a lousy cover. I think I was just trying to sneak a peak.”
“Again?” Right on cue, Greg’s voice came groggily through the same device projecting the unpleasant news onto the wall, John’s inspector clearly having also just been woken up.
“She wasn’t,” Moriarty drawled, confident and disinterested.
He was beginning to understand Watson handled discomfort with humour, and his humour ran rather sardonic.
Magnussen let him wait five rings before answering.
John’s inquiries about the black segment of the wheel had never been answered, but he doubted that it led to shops, regardless.
How daringly she had written her name, how strong it looked. But she was dead! How could the dead affect him, the living?
Sherlock returned his violin to its case before promptly sitting in John’s lap, making sure to lean on his good shoulder. John, surprised but pleased, laid his drink down and helpfully pressed kisses along Sherlock’s neck when it was offered.
Moriarty couldn’t frighten him any more, he reminded himself. Mary no longer had any hold over him, and Moriarty’s influence had left with it.
“Honestly,” Sherlock said, and then lifted the scarecrow with both hands, and began using the end of its body to draw a large circle in the dirt, which was to be the start of their spell.
“There!” Sherlock clapped his hands together again. “Now about that room.”
“Grief,” he said.
. Watson was about to head towards the yelling – however, also audible was the rapid pounding of feet across hard floor.
“Haven’t you done enough of that already?” Sherlock asked in an attempt to lighten the mood. He pulled back to confirm the comment hadn’t been found insensitive.
Sherlock let out a long shuddering sigh, not realizing how tense he had become, wanting to be responsible for John. John had seen it in him, and would now start to return to his caretaker instincts, which he supposed he wouldn’t fight. Being in this together was a two-way street after all.
“John, listen to me,” he said, grasping John’s upper arms with both hands and bending himself so as to be directly at face level. “You have to say that was a mistake, an honest mistake. A body was found in the water, hardly recognizable, and a body for Mary hadn’t turned up yet - of course you were biased into thinking it was your late wife.”
and here's a cover made by Soli! (who is also my beta and who I honestly can't thank enough???) This started as a joke, but frankly I love it
“He’s only in his mid thirties,” he said, speaking for the first time, “and I’m old for my age.”
And pet his white fur.
“What did we do in the bath together?” John asked, kissing his shoulder.
Sitting by himself in silence was uncomfortable for the first few socialites, but later he went completely unnoticed as the room was packed in with people speaking loudly, gulping from glasses, and laughing uproariously. He wondered whether he had died and this was the afterlife he had earned for all his sins.
“I wish you could make all the noise you liked, I wish the whole house would know,” John was saying, and Sherlock became louder beneath the hand he had cupped over his mouth.
All eyes were on him again. “What? The Royal Wizard mentioned a demon earlier.”
> Just ask what?
At first, John was awestruck. His imagination had always been fuzzy on the details, ever-changing, bits and pieces of a face drawn from many that John had perhaps seen and admired. It was strange to see them all assembled together with an odd grace, in an unique arrangement of features that was somehow exactly what he had pictured.
From across the hall, the first strong note of a new dance rang out. They continued to observe one another while listening to the sounds of soft feet hitting the floor, and the clapping of hands at the appropriate intervals.
So long in fact that he couldn’t remember if it had been love at first sight, or more of a gradual infatuation. His interest might have been sparked as soon as his mother had read out the title. Or maybe, he’d known just from seeing the cover. To John’s young eye, it promised an adventure story about a detective with a funny name and a funny hat. Or, though John doubted it, perhaps he’d needed to hear the first few lines, the opening scene that set the stage for what was to come in each instalment, before he settled into his long-time love of the stories.
Sherlock had ripped through their coveralls when they’d grown out their third arm, and when John entered the room after them, Sherlock was standing near the sofa playing with the framed hem.
Also, sorry for the GIANT extra spaces between every line that AO3 adds in, if I have time I may fix that later.
The impact of the bullet pushed the man backward, finally freeing Sherlock from his grasp.
Sherlock was just curious, was all. He wanted to know what John’s sheets felt like. He’d only been in John’s room before to properly index his ties and shirts. The bed had been stripped of its sheets at the time. He wanted to make up for the missed opportunity.
“You’ve seen a wizard’s henchmen before, during war, I understand,” Mycroft said. “Or in this case, a witch’s.”
He reached what he assumed must have been some of the more famous paintings of Manderley, along the minstrels' gallery as Wilkes had said. As an exercise he began estimating their relative values – impressive sums in general, given their preservation. There was one in particular, clearly the most notable piece. It featured a man and a woman, twins, based on the strong resemblance in features. They were both blond, beautiful, and dressed all in white. They gazed out from the painting with their arms linked, and their expressions suggested they knew something the onlooker did not. The blondness, in addition to the painting being the obvious centerpiece, led him to believe the siblings depicted were Watsons.  He supposed being good-looking was a trend in the family, along with producing one son and one daughter.
John quickly looks around to realize there are several photos in frames on two of the side tables, which Sherlock must have seen when he first entered the room. They seem to be of the family, and Sherlock is correct, along with Dr Davenshaw, there is a man and a younger girl who must be their daughter in most of the photos. There are also additional pictures of her husband and his family members in his younger years. John imagines this is what really led Sherlock to the conclusion that the house was his family home.
“Say it again,” Sherlock interrupted. John sighed, and repeated, “Photosynth-”
This had not in fact been the connection, but better not to let that on. Expensive car, nice suit, but not native to England - the man being in business wasn’t hard to guess. Based on the hint just provided, an owner of a newspaper. He didn’t keep up with society names, though he imagined Charles Augustus Magnussen probably wasn’t a well-liked personality. An immigrant and a businessman - the social circle surrounding the Watsons probably looked down on that sort of thing.
“Oh, don’t play dumb Mr Watson,” Magnussen murmured. “Though I’ve been told you often don’t need to play at it. I suppose there are no secrets between you and your husband. Shall I speak plainly?”
” the poacher asked, craning his neck to see through the murky window in the side of the ship. And, as if the question triggered its reappearance, the ship tilted again as something outside collided with it, and then again, and again.
Back on Earth, Watson was being thanked profusely by the damsel in distress, who was now happily polishing tomato sauce from her newly reclaimed jewelry. Watson was ever so gracious, no signs of his supposed bad manners, and smiling at her entirely too winningly.
The two officers are clearly searching the bungalow for other signs of entry but there isn’t much house for them to sweep. John moves down the main hallway, avoiding the kitchen where a single dianthus still sits on the table, and joins Greg in the daughter’s bedroom.
Manderley was a changed place with an upcoming ball on the horizon. The previously vast and empty space became alive in a flurry of activity: servants cleaning, polishing and decorating, workers moving through the halls with their ladders and tools, Lestrade sighing in exasperation with every hitch, and Gladstone nipping at everyone’s heels and barking in excitement. He imagined it was beginning to resemble its old self again.
“Isn’t that a charming invitation,” Magnussen said, leaning back against the seat cushion.
John was also too entranced with Sherlock telling the man in the back of the cab “Welcome to London”, when it turned out to be the wrong man, to control himself. To be specific, John giggled out loud.
The terrain John now faced was formed by many deep craters with thin plateaus in between, which even the scouter was ill-equipped for. The areas bridging the craters were rocky, and his body wouldn’t thank him for it later if he were to drive over them in the vehicle. John would have to continue on foot. He wondered if this was just a coincidence.
The man’s voice was smooth, despite the accented English. There was a dangerous edge to it as well, like the two men were on thin ice with one another. `
“I’m terribly sorry for causing you so much trouble Doctor Murray, but do you have any record of your visits for the day Mrs Watson died?” the Colonel asked. “It may affect the verdict of suicide.”
Sebastian paused here, expecting Watson to smile and gush about his renowned home. Watson’s face remained impassive, still beyond a line forming between his brows. His only response was to move his left hand from the table to his lap. The silence was uncomfortable, but more importantly unprecedented. Why would a man not want to hear compliments on his home? But, then of course the house held sad memories – his deceased wife. Of course.
There was no man on the phone aside from John, but John had appearances to keep up.
(See the end of the chapter for
When the scarecrow crested the top of the hill and bounded towards a hulking pile of scrap metal in the distance, John didn’t quite know what to expect. It certainly wasn’t what he would call a castle.
Sherlock prayed. “That’s one way of putting it, yes.”
His patient didn’t notice his wry smile, and answered in earnestness, “Oh, he eats them! Everybody knows that, Doctor Watson. He’s heartless.”
“Everything! Is ruined!” was Sherlock’s only retort. “I’ll have to dump all my wash potions and start from scratch!”
Irene upheld her end of the deal by adding her magic to the few enchantments Sherlock was able to maintain outside. Or at least, that was what she proclaimed to have done, while snidely commenting on Sherlock’s lack of assistance.
“Last night, the costume,” he said, a bit amused, despite their current situation.
He yells Sherlock’s name. No answer.
They would ask him to stay for tea, and he would decline. The meaning would be understood. He sometimes wondered what would happen if he took them up on their offer. What if he suddenly said, “I don't think I'll go back after all. Perhaps stay for dinner, even sleep here, if you don’t mind.” Would their manners hold up in the face of it? He would have been delighted to see their pained and accommodating expressions. This was the kind of thing John would disapprove of, but would find hilarious nonetheless. He almost wished he had done, just to have the story to tell John later.
“Tell me,” he asked, “was Mary very beautiful?”
> I’m getting better at this stuff :-D
“No,” he said, perhaps too quickly. “No. I did not mean you to think that.”
“Who is Molly actually sweet on?” he asked, now annoyed that he’d guessed wrong. How could John know something he didn’t? (And who was Greg?)
“It wouldn’t have been mine,” John said, interrupting his treacherous thoughts. “Obviously. I thought she might have been lying, to get under my skin. She told me I’d never be able to divorce her, and that I’d have to live knowing her child would inherit Manderley. I thought it was all just part of her starting to become unhinged, seeing as she shot me after.”
“As you said, I’m rather perceptive.” His chin was resting on Watson’s shoulder, cushioned by the red coat’s epaulette, and he was still grasping Watson’s hands. Sherlock released him, and attempted to retreat backward within the space available to him.
Feeling the sudden desire for natural light and fresh air, he moved further down the hall towards a broad window, partially hidden in an alcove. He grasped the edge, looking out to see the lawns, and past them, the sea.
John turned to face him again. “Feel free to have as little contact with him as you like. I know, I know I just asked this but – again, do you like the rooms, honestly? Because things can be changed, rearranged. I know you’re particular.”
“Hmm, good to know, but I think I’d still rather not,” Sherlock said, lips twitching. The power that name had once held over him, and the excitement he’d felt in saying it when it had long felt taboo, was completely gone. Apathy was in itself, a relief.
“Hudson!” John shouted over the sound, “is Sherlock still on the ship?”
The man’s face scrunched up in what John assumed was distaste, predictably affronted. The action reminded John of a bird ruffling its feathers.
For once, Sherlock felt driven to take a risk. “I actually love to dance,” he said. It was abrupt, judging by Watson’s surprised reaction. “I’ve always loved it.”
David wavered. He couldn’t very well admit to originally intending to sell it to be used as blackmail. “Why - why - well, I wanted to speak to Mr Watson first! And he refused.”
Sherlock’s attention never drifted from him, that pin-sharp focus always on John. John recalled that in the novels, the case by case characters always squirmed under that scrutiny. John, on the other hand, was basking in it.
“Deliver it then, seeing as we’re both here,” he said, only half listening, still trying to catch John’s eye.
“Let loose the storefronts?” John asked. When he made it to the landing, he noticed that above the door, there were now letter openers sticking out from the blue and red segments of the diamond-shaped wheel.
“Take me with you,” she said.
Sherlock grinned crookedly, before concluding, “Acute lethal poisoning, after which point organ failure would be an inevitability. Mary came home to have one last laugh, to take John down with her.”
Murray continued to search through the file, reading it carefully to himself first before speaking. “If that’s the case,” Murray said, “I remember a Mrs Moriarty quite well in fact. I saw her on more than one occasion.” Murray continued scanning the documents in an effort to clarify the details.
_______
“John,” Sherlock eventually pleaded, “It’s—I can’t—”
“Are you really going to list out every food I’ve ever eaten?”
“I know, and I’m sorry we had to lose it.” Sherlock leant forward to kiss her cheek, and in a flash, his clothes transformed from Mrs Hudson’s green dress to his usual white shirt and black slacks.
“You know that—this was never my intention,” she eventually said, her eyes pleading.
You still haven’t answered the question.”
The vegetable-headed scarecrow didn’t offer him any reply.
Sherlock grins, “Yes, up until now. He knew we were investigating the house and decided to get us out of the picture as well. Or at the very least, me.”
“That I’m possibly insane about you,” John said with a laugh. “Literally quite barmy. Anything but repulsed. Attracted, I think the word is.”
Sherlock recalled his current situation as soon as he attempted to lift his arm to cover his eyes, only to find a wing membrane pressed against his snout. The shouting made much more sense now, though still seemed excessive.
That night he dreamt he was in the art gallery, the same one where he had seen the painting of the soldier. He dreamt that as he observed the painting, the Captain from the portrait stepped out from the frame and walked towards him with purpose. He stopped and stood at parade rest in front of him. After saluting, the Captain reached out to touch his face.
implied.
At least in the other form he could take, he went completely unnoticed by John.
It had only just occurred to Sherlock that this was a bit embarrassing, and maybe rather telling. He flushed (though only
John, thinking that he would like to eat more bacon and eggs and other food as well at some point in the next month, took the heavy purse from Archie’s wobbling arm.
Watson followed his suggestion, and began to summarize. “The Colonel was found dead in the pond, on his grounds, by one of his servants. What initially appeared to be a drowning was however clearly a murder—”
“What are you talking about?” Sherlock demanded, sick of games. His heartbeat reminded him of the time ticking by, and of how long he could stall Moriarty before he remembered Sherlock had gotten it wrong, and that he had lost the game.
And who exactly was Magnussen? He had called John ‘Hamish’, which no one ever said, and he had only ever seen written once on the inside of a book, next to that tall sloping ‘M’.
“A very reasonable suggestion,” Sherlock praised, “but in a moment you’ll see why the precaution is unnecessary.”
What was that saying about screaming in space?
“Time to call Lestrade, wouldn’t you say?”
They returned to their assigned seating arrangement in the library, attempting to act out normalcy. Gladstone barked at the door to be let in, and Sherlock had never been happier to see him. John and him pet Gladstone in silence, before returning to their own room to change for dinner. They went through the motions, anxiously waiting for when they could be alone again behind closed doors. They ate in front of a silent Lestrade, till John caught his eye, signalling it was more than past time they had that chat.
“Gracing me with your presence at long last! And pray tell, what have you been doing all this time?” Wilkes asked, propped up against pillows and prepared to be irritable.
“Forget I said that,” John told him, hurried, and looking down towards his forgotten cane, “I’m sorry, I won’t do that again.”
John barked another quick laugh at that. “You just went for dinner. Though, I suppose you didn’t eat anything.”
“That’s all right,” John said, when he reached for the edge of John’s nightshirt. John took his hand, and kissed it, returning it to him.
“Don’t look at me like that, as if you don’t believe me,” Sherlock said, assuming it was about the drugs. It was always about the drugs. “Shout at me if you don’t think I’ll go through with it, but for the love of God don’t look at me like that!”
“The people who come back always make it seem like everything learned on the borders is confidential, but then there’s these tell-alls in the tabloids from supposed visitors. I always assumed it was all rubbish, but then...” John trailed off, thinking better of it. He’d been about to mention Sherlock’s limbs again, before remembering this had already been established as a sensitive topic.
John was politely telling him that he needed to look the part, and he supposed he was right.
“God, I wish,” John groaned. “We’ve got more visitors coming today. I was going to tell you, I wanted to give us a day off from all that, but you try prying Lady Norton off.”
“...Who shot me.”
suck your cock now?”
But then, Sherlock’s head poked out of the sheet to cry, “Yes! Yes, I will, won’t I?”
Once they were finally gone, he turned immediately to Lestrade. “What do you think of the party?”
“Which thing?” John asked, moving forward to remove the gun from Sherlock’s hand, and depositing it on the side table.
John began to undo Sherlock’s trousers, and Sherlock watched him,
his fantasies come true, but that one particular detail would need to be changed. No bother, as there were many other things he’d enjoy to do with John in the library window seat - including grinding himself against John’s muscular thigh, which he started on immediately while John nipped at his lips.
“I’m reconnecting you now!” Molly said with false cheeriness, before sliding back behind her monitor.
She shakes her head, and looks on the verge of tears once more.
Sherlock’s arm reached higher, and John’s followed its movement in exact symmetry. As the pill gravitated closer, John focussed on his target and fired.
“Ah,” Sherlock said, arms clasped behind his back. “Impressing the ladies in attendance, in truth, is not my bent.”
“You didn’t say nothing about foreplay. Want me to start again?”
John sighed, dropping his arm to his side, and looked at Sherlock helplessly.
Sherlock ignored him completely, electing instead to continue their work on Anderson. Sherlock’s face was splotchy, in some places partially blue-purple, and glowing gold in others. Their antennae were no longer hidden beneath their hair, and they twitched as Sherlock’s hands moved inside the bot.
“I’m thinking that the overnight trip to this public dinner couldn’t be coming at a worse time,” John replied. “Though, you could still come with me?”
Sixth: Sherlock explained the possible locations Mr Wilson might have hid the figurine in their house, where he assumed Mrs Wilson might not be able to find them, after which Mrs Wilson chased them off her property, swinging a novelty cane over her head, which had Margaret Thatcher’s head for a handle.
He strode across the room, staring straight ahead as he sat down, and knocked over a vase of flowers for his trouble.
“Yes, you’ve made that quite plain,” Sherlock replied, smiling a bit at his expense, and looking rather smug.
“Are you really that bored?” John asked. He left the
“It hardly matters,” he said, “as long as you don’t mind.”
Him and Mary weren’t living together any more. He didn’t have to wake from dreams of Sherlock to a hard on he would have to hide. Even if Mary reached for him thinking it was for her, his guilt never allowed him to continue. When he’d been thinking of him. God, and that had been before all this. He’d been doomed from the start, hadn’t he?
“What would you like my input on, exactly?” John asked, the direction of his gaze alternating between Sherlock’s eyes and lips. Though John had gotten away with this behaviour for many years, Sherlock’s eyes widened as if he finally understood what it meant.
John didn’t know any sign for ‘get off’ that wasn’t a bit lewd.
“Ask who? Ask him what?” He’s immediately on the defensive. How could she possibly know?
“Oh, but this is the big one, the final act,” Moriarty said, crossing his legs at the ankles. “You already know what’s on the table, dear heart. I think you even know what the question is.”
“I know, Christ, I know, it’s too soon,” John was saying. He could hardly focus on the words. He felt like ice being dethawed, and was certain that he soon would melt all over the floor.
“Are you sure you’ve never had a wife?” His vision was becoming hazy. He blinked, making an effort to clear his eyes and mind.
, Sherlock,” Moriarty groaned, like a child embarrassed by their parent. “I left the shoes out for you. Carl Powers?
Finally, the gears clicked in his mind. He had been right all along. No man would propose this way, because these were not the usual circumstances. John knew he hated Wilkes and that he would miss John terribly – he’d been stupid enough the other day to ramble on about bottled memories. Bottled memories he wanted to keep of John.
“Sherlock, that’s Archie. Shouldn’t we let him in?”
John knew it was far more likely that he had been a momentary distraction, and the novelty of him had worn off. He couldn’t even blame Sherlock, if that were the case. He was just a regular sort of person, and Sherlock had learnt everything they could from him in a matter of days. After which, they had then spent extended periods of time in each other’s company. It only followed that Sherlock would eventually grow weary of him.
John soon discovered that Sherlock had not in fact learned any lesson about how to break information to people, which caused the next six minutes to pass at a quickness that John had not experienced since his time in Afghanistan.
John’s hand twitched, aborting a tremor, before slipping into his coat pocket.
There was a distinctive scent in the air which didn’t require his own keen sense of smell to identify. It only grew stronger as he continued down the corridor. Like the entrance to the wing, the door to the ante room was wide open. He was expected.
“I need to leave,” he repeated in the general direction of the bathroom door, watching the waiter from the corner of his eye. Could that not be hurried up? He wanted to be alone with John. Was he imagining the boy giving him sidelong glances? He glared back - he was far beyond caring about the gossip that would spread over him being in John’s rooms at this hour.
Do you want to tell the story?
“Look, gents,” cried the man currently clinging to Sherlock’s arms for dear life. “I swear I’ll give the Wiggy back his money, I swear it!”
John pinched the bridge of his nose, his patience for wizards at an all time low. “Do you mean that he fell in love? Or, that his heart was taken from his chest?”
“And leave you in here alone, John? You really do think I’m callous,” Sherlock deflected, still facing the cellar door.
The man seemed to find this very amusing, his eyes gleaming behind his glasses.
“Could a stranger have scuttled the boat Mr Watson? Is it likely they could have come into Manderley’s private harbour to do such a thing?”
Mike had to be somewhere, John reasoned, so the only thing for it was to drive further out, past the route map zones.
His mind, ever working, analyzed every guest and every costume -
_______
He reaches out to feel its neck. He presses down.
“Beautiful,” John said without thought, eyes still fixated on Sherlock’s body.
“The dog likely barked at him when he was trying to move about unnoticed during the day, or caught on to the fact that there was something living in the wall. For whatever reason, he decided he needed to silence it. “ At this Sherlock looks decidedly less gleeful, a cold glint in his eye.
“I don’t have a temper!” John interrupted, practically bending his fork in half. His face pinched for a moment as he rubbed at the bridge of his nose. “Pretend I said that without shouting.”
Watson dipped his chin to hide his smile, but he saw it anyway. He found he didn’t mind. He felt certain that Watson was laughing with him, rather than at him.
The scotch glass was empty when John’s fingers hit the keys again.
Watson looked up, smiling at him playfully.
Lestrade had no subtlety, but then apparently neither did he.
“No, not
“Been paying calls, Mr Watson?” Lestrade asked while making to open his door for him, but he hopped over the side instead. Following rules was starting to itch.
Sherlock hummed, and didn’t ask him anything further.
“You’ve come to the opposite side of the house,” Moriarty said primly, enunciating every word. “This is the West wing.”
It turned out to be a book of love poems. The volume appeared worn, which could either mean it was well read, or poorly taken care of. He wasn’t entirely sure which (unusual).
John had needed to identify the body of his two-month decayed wife.
Shaking her head, “I’m afraid I’m not in that business. Besides, that spell is far too strong for the likes of me.”
When Sherlock waltzes back into their flat later that evening, John can’t take his eyes off him. It had only been a day, but it had been an entire day thinking that the most important person in the world to him had disappeared without a trace. He had been reluctant to be so soon separated, but Sherlock needed to go in to the station and John had needed to look after his own wound. All it required in the end was a heavily padded bandage and he’d be healed in no time.
Raucous cries of laughter erupted from one side of the room, and the sound of a champagne glass being hit sounded out through the open space. He realized John was in fact at the centre of the mob, being accosted by group of guests, who clearly had a suggestion to make.
“But would she have agreed to kill her own husband, had Sampson asked her?” he wondered, suddenly desperate for Watson’s answer. “To assist in removing her own husband, the man she believed to be the father of her unborn child?”
“It’s always been you,” Sherlock said to their joined hands, eyes flitting up to John’s and then back down, delirious with how much he wanted to admit.
Now he found himself lounging in perfectly companionable silence, writing a letter while John wrote his own. John’s pen scratches were much slower than his, as if John had to think about each word carefully before he put it to paper. The rhythm of the different writing paces against parchment somehow fit well together, like two accompanying parts. He was currently occupied with responding to a case with great satisfaction, and was for the moment, content.
“Why not,” Sherlock replied, the coldness of his voice disconcerting.
“Ah yes, we’re at war." Sherlock seemed to have just recalled it. “And you were a soldier, put on the same battlefield as witches and wizards. Did you see who cast the spell on you?”
“Well, seeing as you’re sure. I deduce people, " he replied. "I have made the science of deduction and the study of people and their effects my business. I can tell a man’s profession from his hands, and the state of his marriage from his necktie."
, you’re not even that. You’re boring, just like the rest of them. Such a disappointment.”
Once more, John slowly reached out to hold his face, but this time with both hands. He was trying to hide, play his role, but John drew him out. John who looked at him as if he truly saw him, saw past everything. There was something else there as well, just as there had been in John before, the day they visited the beach.
> Still, very impressive.
“What boat?” he asked. He was being sharper than he had intended, but he was on a roll now.
They naturally found themselves back in the Hudson’s living area, where they always seemed to converge.
“Oh, yes!” she cried. “Silly me, never even asked you for your name. And Sherlock isn’t in at the moment. He’s always doing who knows what at all hours, but you can wait for him here if you like.”
The fire was hot at his right side, but Watson’s look was warmer.
“Is the master of Manderley a doctor?” the coast guard joked, obviously doubting John had done any such thing.
John blinked. “No, sorry, I still don’t understand.”
“Shut up,” Sherlock snapped, cheeks as red as Christmas. “You don’t have to start there at all.”
a brief summary:
Bowel movements were mentioned within the first sentence. Well, John thought, this is already stupendous
John thought Sherlock might really mock him for that.
“And you’re sure, er, Howard was in the house that night when you went to sleep?” he asks, trying to not sound too doubtful.
Sherlock had been very absorbed in the eyepiece of his microscope, and has no interest in changing the focus of his attention for his nosy landlady.
“Based on my session with her that day...” Murray murmured, contemplating. “Can I suggest any motive for why Mr Watson’s wife should have taken her life? I couldn’t say. But I can confirm she was very unwell when she came to see me. It was a last minute booking, I just squeezed her in after a cancellation. She had symptoms in line with morning sickness, and wanted a pregnancy test.”
It was standing upright along the path.
to him or anything like that! I wrote back to say you were settling in, and that - that he should ask you if he was worried about you. That’s all.”
Not waiting for John to change his mind, he opened the library door, and began leading the way back to the West wing. John followed behind him in silence, beyond the sound of his footfalls. He remember Moriarty’s dramatization from the day before, with John dragging his one leg across the library - but today, John’s steps were measured, equal in weight.  The cane hit the ground with a light tap, as if John didn’t need it at all.
John squinted at Sherlock’s coverall-covered back, but didn’t belabour the point. He sighed. Clearly he wasn’t ever going to get much out of Sherlock, even though Sherlock always got everything out of him.
they were my favourites.” John cleared his throat, finishing with a rather pathetic, “Yeah.”
“You’re just like her,” Moriarty sang out. “Both of you, so attached to your
The scarecrow, once freed, hopped up the castle exterior, returning to its place on the metal leg.
He continued to not meet Moriarty’s eyes. “Yes, I came through a stone passage,” he replied succinctly.
“I wonder, is it Harry who rubs you up the wrong way, or me?” he asked with vindictiveness, and the last bit of energy he had left. Before John could respond, he turned on his heel and walked out.
“Ah!” Sherlock cried out now, still curled in their chair as their hand excitedly tapped the page of the book. “Photo-sine-the-size!”
“I thought you just said….?” John began to ask, looking back at him through his light lashes with a confused and wholly endearing expression.
John was prepared to be exasperated, except—that hadn’t been the tone Sherlock used for telling the whole truth.
There was a mumble of voices John could just make out through the speaker, indicating Greg had received another call. “What? What are they saying?” John asked, but could only hear Greg’s side of the conversation, which mostly consisted of an occasional grunt.
“Irene Norton, I presume,” he said as he lifted his head, eyeing her rouged lips. He understood where her reputation come from - her appearance was a bit racy for afternoon tea. Who was she intending seduce, or perhaps more likely, distract?
“The advantage of being the hosts,” he’d repeat, parrotting John’s words. If he said them enough, perhaps he would even convince himself.
Sherlock knew his inexperience came across – likely he was sloppy, but he was a quick learner when dedicated to a subject. He settled into the pace he could tell John preferred best, and on every other stroke took John in as deeply as possible, making sure to swallow around the head (something he had heard did wonders).
Moriarty slipped over the side of the bed, making sure to meet Sherlock’s gaze with his dark, empty eyes. “Barely under the skin Sherlock,” Moriarty said, dropping the tone of his voice, low and slow. “I’m disappointed. I’ll spell it out for you, shall I?”
Once the dust had settled, Sherlock slipped down the side of the now destroyed aircraft, pulling a pair of aviator goggles off over his head as he went.
Sherlock raced down the stairs, and John, excited by the prospect of his curiosity at last being satisfied, followed after him. When they reached the landing, Mrs Hudson opened her door at the other end of a new hallway, on the same level as the bottom of the stairs. “Sherlock, I swear you’ll be the death of me! Warn me the next time you plan to drop me ten feet!”
“Privacy,” Sherlock drawled, extending the word. “Is that really all?”
“Uh, no!” John interrupted, “no requests, thanks.”
“I can’t lie to you Mr Watson, there is something that I’ve been wanting to ask you about for ages. Is there any chance of you reviving the Manderley fancy dress ball?”
“Living room? Feel free to take a seat in the armchair with the plaid throw.”
“Well, I suppose you can’t sit at a wet tablecloth,” Watson murmured, mopping at the mess. His swiftness was impressive, considering he was still leaning on a cane.
Sherlock paused, back still turned. With hesitance, he looked over his shoulder. “It’s not an easy thing to tell a man it was his wife, all along.”
He would dress in his best suit and say the advantage of being the host was not having to dress up. He’d wanted to match John. Anyone who had heard of him having a costume would be told there’d been a mix-up at the shops. Yes, it was all easy, easy enough to fix. Wasn’t it.
Sherlock pressed his hands to his temples in frustration and desperately, hopelessly, tried to think of something, anything else. He thought, for the first time in a long while, of awful Sebastian Wilkes in America, bragging to anyone he could get his hands on. He imagined Wilkes playing cards, leaning over the table, “Do you know they say John Watson murdered his first wife? You wouldn’t believe it, but my old companion is his new husband! I told him he’d regret it, though at the time I hadn’t meant it like that!” There would be raucous laughter, and questions as to the character of his past companion. “My taste in those have greatly improved, you have no idea! What a strange thing he was!” This train of thought barely distracted Sherlock for a second. God, he didn’t care. He didn’t care at all. But, anything, anything, to make him not think of John.
“Howard may have barked, but then he often does in the night. He’s been extremely agitated lately, constantly barking at nothing. He’s been acting mad, actually. I know, as in I realize this isn’t very good, but I’ve even been sedating him when he gets too out of control and I desperately need to sleep. Usually he keeps me up, but not that night.”
“In truth, it was usually the other way around,” Sherlock replied, his impossibly deep voice hushed. “What with my army books.”
It was much smaller than the Hudson, appearing to be no larger than a shuttle, typically used for transport between neighbouring planets. If they’d been going head to head in the ships themselves, John would have had the advantage. John cursed Sherlock twice over for putting them at a disadvantage.
No. Don’t be. Sherlock faces him and says: my turn.
John took the cane from him without saying a word. Once John was standing on his own again, John finally looked up and to the side of his face. “Sorry,” John said, with no attempt at making clear what the apology was for. And just like he had imagined earlier, John began to walk back to the house through the woods at a breakneck pace.
He had the general impression that Moriarty chose his words with care, and that Moriarty was feeling his way into his own mind, and watching for the effect they had upon his face.
But Captain Watson’s back seemed to have only become straighter, and his eyes only keener. “Consider me at your disposal.”
“The furs here, a Christmas present from Mr Watson. She told me the cost once, but I've forgotten it now, something outrageous. This wardrobe on the left is all evening clothes. This is the one you opened, isn’t it?” Moriarty asked, motioning to the one closest to the door.
“He won’t be able to sell that horse in town. Or at least, not without being noticed by its owner, the only buyer for miles. He will be forced to return to his friends in the woods regardless, and the horse will help the authorities identify him, one would hope, once the tip-off is provided. Their capture is a matter of sending a letter, at most.”
On the other side of the wall, John was spreading honey on to toast for him in the kitchen.
Nothing ever happened to John Watson.
“John, in any other instance I’d encourage you to say far worse, but it might be wise to take care. You’ll only turn them against you,” Sherlock warned, approaching John and eyeing the door. They couldn’t be overheard speaking loudly.
of it. Real, gritty, a bit sloppy, but perfect. John wanted to push the posh, prim man of his dreams to the very filthy edge, and—he knew just how he’d do it.
As soon as the deed was done, he ran. He had seen Sherlock’s head luckily turn towards the man who had just been shot rather than the window. As was the theme of the evening, John ducked around a street corner to watch from afar.
“Oh, John,” the Hudson nearly gushed from overhead, ”did you meet someone?”
“He doesn’t want anyone to come, and you have to sail out anyway,” he barely managed to make out between his clenched teeth.
“What is there to see if the diver is currently under?” he asked, but took the binoculars regardless. The diver would be investigating where the ship had struck, and would find it unmoveable from the reef. The shipbreaker was going to make a mint. Fine, good, great - who cared?
“Right, because turning into a bat is a perfectly reasonable myth,” John said, and then listed out, “Garlic, crosses, holy water? Anything?”
With a glance between the distressed bellhop, the maître d’hotel, and several wait staff (including the waiter who had re-gifted the cow’s tongue to him the day before), what had actually transpired became quite clear.
His curiosity about The Man on the train starts off like an itch in the back of his throat. The kind of itch that is likely the omen of something worse yet to come, but he’s still well in denial about the oncoming illness. Sherlock never intends to leave the flat for anything below a six, and yet he finds himself compulsively taking the tube every day.
“Are you feeling all right, John?” the Hudson asked, somehow managing to sound concerned. “The in-ship bot is on board, where I always am. Currently on the bridge, waiting for instructions for how to handle the alarm. Alarm code TRF 201202 is unidentified ship landing.”
In a way he was thankful for his paranoia, as it granted him a distraction from John moving them about the great hall floor to their audience of onlookers. What John may have lacked in natural ability, he made up for in pure determination. For a moment, he turned his head to watch John’s profile, just as John gently led him in a backwards step. John’s head turned a fraction, and they were looking at one another, as he’d once hoped they would.
So John answered, without hesitation,
“Have I made the room charming?” Moriarty asked, smiling benignly.
“Sherlock, look what you’ve done to my bloody wall!” Mrs Hudson cried. And, as an afterthought, “Is that my dress?”
“One of the paintings? I suppose,” he responded, wondering dumbly why the thought had never occurred to him before. To dress up as one of the figures famous to Manderley -  it was obvious, and an excellent idea. He wanted to appear like he belonged, what would be better than to become one of the characters in the portraits?
That bit of insight was too close to the bone, and ensured John’s later aloofness. With his Thatcher-loving military father and his sad queer sister, he had at first denied his interest in men. After that he simply intended never to act on it. A passing remark from a mate was more than enough to draw attention to an aspect of John’s interest that was relegated to wet dreams, and something John had not yet come to terms with.
John sort of wished he’d bought a thicker copy of it, though that only occurred to him once he was bleeding out into the desert, after having been shot through his left shoulder. He wondered if the hard copy would have miraculously stopped the bullet. Those few extra pounds might have been very well spent. If he’d had the presence of mind he might have laughed at that, or at least found it fitting that he was a goner so soon after his old friend had abruptly and fictionally died.
> Just honest. Same as you thinking everyone’s an idiot but you.
He felt he knew exactly what she was implying, and wasn’t sure if he should be more offended for himself or John.
Per the style, they hardly touched at all. They danced forward and then back, palms pressing against palms in a turn, gloved hands held during forward steps, repeating the movements of a formation dance, but without the other participants. Captain Watson, like any gentleman, was experienced in the steps, and led Sherlock with a calm proficiency that was more designed to show off his partner’s skills than his own. Sherlock felt light with it, which threatened to tip over into giddiness.
He thought he did understand, very well.
“And no one’s seen him?” Greg questions, even though they had covered all of this already over the phone.
“Oh, yeah. They’re charged, no real fuel in them I’m afraid. Certainly nothing as organic as your ship,” John remarked, though it was a bit beyond his knowledge.
“I wonder why you don’t just choose someone from one of those paintings in the gallery,” she suggested, carefully, strangely cautious. Perhaps she recalled that he was all too aware of her original interest in their art.
Sherlock didn’t correct him.
“What a sleuth you are, sir,” Moriarty commented, back to his overzealous, fawning airs.
“Would - you - have - said -
Harry liked them just as much as the next thing, and for their younger years humoured him in his interest. They passed many days running about as crime-solvers, before Harry’s willingness to play along faded.
He wondered what had just happened in the library between John and Moriarty, though he could obviously grasp the basics. John had found out from Lestrade about yesterday, and didn’t want Magnussen brought to the house. John knew, had been annoyed by it, but not enough to even reprimand the man. And, beyond not bringing people in while he was out, John didn’t seem to care what Moriarty did. John not caring what servants did or did not do seemed easy to believe, though he was surprised John would accept the insubordination. Was John so reliant on Moriarty for the house’s operations? It was possible. Saying that overseership was a chore to John would be an understatement. Perhaps it was hard to find good help. And Moriarty was very good.
Moriarty had left by the time he was out, thank God. He just felt that somehow Moriarty would be able to read it, read it all over him, in the same way that he himself would be able to see it in someone else. He ran downstairs, taking two at time. The ‘dusters’ moved fast after his appearance, taking their chance to have at the East wing.
“Sherlock dear, you know you don’t have to keep anything from me. Live and let live, that’s what I always say.”
David’s jaw clenched. “You’re both bloody psychopaths!” he stammered out. “Enjoy your last night together!” he cried, before turning on his heel and rushing out the opened door.
“Did you not repeat the test with another animal?” he heard the Colonel ask.
“Fine,” Lestrade conceded.
Once they reached the scouter, John made sure to stand guard over the open entrance to the vehicle while the alien set to work on reassembling the bot with clinical precision.
John took a fortifying breath, before deciding if he was going to be doing this, he’d be doing it right.
“I performed a rabbit pregnancy test,” Murray began, still rereading his notes to refresh his memory. “Normally we take a urine sample and have the patient go on their way since the test takes a fews days to show results, but Mrs Moriarty - well, Watson - insisted on staying to watch the injection. She wanted me to do it that moment. I suspect she thought otherwise I would delay.”
Perhaps because of this chance encounter, the next time a patient was keen to gossip about the wizard, John was defensive.
“Oh? Putting the old man to bed?” John laughed. “I’ll be fine -”
“Well, I’m definitely not going to be any more,” John muttered, pulling the discarded coveralls next to the bed onto his legs and up to his waist. Christ.
John twisted his head, and was surprised to find that a man had snuck up on him. “I was wondering where you’d got to,” the man continued. “We were meant to meet on the street, not down an alley with a bunch of rabble.”
“The authorities or the newspapers. You’d think at least the reporters would take to the gossip, but I suppose a boy of twelve’s thoughts seem too fanciful even for that.”
“They’re late,” Stamford said, nervous. His initial enthusiasm for Sherlock’s plot had waned now that the criminal’s capture was upon them. His constitution was not well-suited for this sort of excitement.
John took another pull from his glass.
Maybe the sails had pressed her down as she had tried to escape. The bay would have been dark, how she’d ever have found her way he couldn’t imagine. The shore would have seemed very far away to anyone swimming in the water.
John let a beat of silence pass before bursting into more of his signature unrestrained high giggles. And Sherlock Holmes joined him.
“Obvious,” he replied. “The mud on your tires.”
Even as he made friends with children his own age, John could never quite relinquish his first best friend. John was well aware that he had grown too old for imaginary friends, but would have argued that a literary character was different. If he were being honest, this was likely the first in a line of many excuses he made for himself in defence of his private, unwavering obsession.
“Did I?” When had he done that?
To say Sherlock is entirely thrown by this man would be an understatement, but then he had expected him to be extraordinary. He tentatively tests the waters. “I understand that what I just said could be considered by most, well, a bit not good.”
He immediately retreated to the window seat, to look away from John. He didn’t want to discuss it, and John would just have to follow his lead.
He walks through the living room. Nothing.
John continued to rant as he waited for the bath to fill with water, testing the temperature with his hands, anything to distract himself from Sherlock’s current nudity. John wondered if he could still call Archie back to bathe Sherlock, or if that would only draw undue attention to his predicament.
Greg starts again, softly, ”I just think it’s likely he’s–“
Sherlock thought of sitting across from his Watson, seconds before, and what the man would say. He was smiling, as if he found Sherlock a tad silly.
” John yelled, searching the faces illuminated by the fire, “Lestrade, where is he?”
“Right, yeah of course,” John said, already making his way up. “We have spares around, I’ll just go ask for them.”
There was something he had learned since the falls, itching again, fighting to reach the forefront of his mind. He couldn’t quite recall it, but with certainty he knew it meant there would be no more drugs.
Moriarty telling him that story, about her cutting her hair. Her short blonde hair. Him buying a wig of that exact cut. He should have recalled that. He should have known.
Was this a thinly veiled suggestion that he had better not find anything to complain about? Honestly, were servants allowed to speak this way?
He wanted to be with John, but just the two of them, without all the trappings. He wanted John and him traveling, or perhaps in a busy place like London. Not to be arriving at an estate, which John was to be the responsible master of, and him as husband to John Hamish Watson.
Distracted perhaps by the sight of the prized Manderley collection in ruins, he was caught unawares as a falling beam landed not one meter in front of him. He stumbled backwards, his arm lifting to protect his eyes from the sparks, when further debris fell from above. Crying out, he was struck to the ground, and effectively pinned underneath. With his breath knocked from his lungs, he struggled to no avail. Trapped, he estimated how far the fire would have spread from the points he had already seen, how soon the smoke would grow thick, deadly. People almost always died from smoke inhalation in fires, he thought deliriously.
John’s progress about the party was interrupted by Wilkes banging on his glass with a knife, causing everyone to quiet around him.
“I follow,” John said, sparing Sherlock from explaining further, “and deal. Can I maybe suck your cock now?”
Moriarty seemed to find this hilarious, as he nearly doubled over in hysterics. “You’d love that, wouldn’t you?”
“I’m sorry,” John said, and despite the pronounced lines in his tired face, he looked young. Like a child, lost and in pain, a mirror of his own current state. They possessed an odd kind of symmetry, reflecting each other while still not understanding what was looking back.
he says, and I’m just supposed to know?” Sherlock complained, one of their remaining hands coming to rest on their temple. “As for how someone knows I’m here, oh I don’t know, all those bots I broke might have something to do with it.”
“Loads,” Sherlock replied, “but without the facts they’ll remain that way. I can’t make bricks without clay!”
The Anderson bot gave a muffled whir, as if miffed by the dig. The sound was promising—the bot would probably only require a few quick fixes and replacement parts.
Watson noticed his crossed arms, and of course misinterpreted. “Are you cold? Here, have my coat.”
“Well,” Sherlock said, chin raising, “I’m not.”
Watson chuckled. “Brilliant.”
He was reminded of so many of Wilkes’ admonishments of his behaviour and how abominably he behaved in polite society. Suddenly it occurred to him that even the most standard knowledge of decorum befitting the spouse to the master of Manderley was unknown to him. He should have chosen someone to study and imitate till he got the hang of it. Damn, why had he not prepared? He tugged reproachfully at his clothes in a poor attempt at improving his appearance.
“I could have, if I’d told you beforehand - though, what would you have said, I wonder?” he asked. He hadn’t done this in awhile. Tried to rile John up. He thought he could bury this, this, whatever made him try to upset John about this. Rationally, he wanted John happy. Irrationally, he wanted John to be as miserable about him as he was about John.
“Her face was unrecognizable. Did you know she had no arms? They’d been torn -
It was in fact a crossroads to the main street that led to the summit, the same one they had driven up before, where John had once been with Mary.
“No,” John said quickly. “No I do not.”
“And what happened to it?” he asked. “Was that the boat she was sailing when she was drowned?”
Not exactly the finishing move he’d hoped for, but it would have to do.
Sherlock turned over, forcing John to draw back from his crouched position lest he be kicked in the head. There was a wet spot where Sherlock had been grinding, John was delighted to note. Sherlock’s abdomen was glistening with it, and John had the urge to bend down and lick it up.
“Right, yes, right on all accounts. I get the impression that will be a recurring theme with you,” Watson said, quite obviously delighted with him.
Sherlock would not. “Need you? I need you like I need a hole in my castle!”
“Working
“God, you’re so
Sherlock had hoped to see his reaction, but Watson’s attention had been drawn from him by the twisting door handle, followed by the creak of the door’s hinges.
John convinced himself that his proposal was the best he could do, that at least offering himself was better than Sherlock provided with no alternatives whatsoever. This was a lie, but John was capable of great feats of denial. And so, John selfishly asked the man he had fallen in love with over little more than two weeks to marry him. Which in fact did not go particularly well, as he might have expected - but even if John was selfish, at least he was brave. The end result was a “yes,” but in John’s mind it was conditional. He would need to give Sherlock time.
What does the H stand for?
“What’s the problem?” John asked, point blank. “That I described you like the heartthrob in a cheap romance novel?”
John is prepared this time around and easily dodges the weapon while disarming the man, grabbing his arm and twisting. The man drops the knife, but elbows John hard enough in the face that he has the advantage to punch him a moment later. John is struck hard onto his back, and scrambles backwards as the man advances with his reclaimed knife.
One side of Sherlock’s mouth keeps twitching upwards.
John tries to breathe in deeply and struggles. They are standing in an unsettling little room with nothing in it, in the dark, and John can barely breathe in this house. A voice in his head won’t stop repeating the last time something disappeared in this house, it turned up dead.
“You mean…?” Sherlock asked again, blank expression remaining in place.
“And you have theories?” John asked, as Sherlock paced in short, brusque movements, back and forth in front of John.
Sherlock lifted their chin slightly and puffed out their chest, pleased with getting it right. They then returned to the armchair, and daintily lifted the book from where it had fallen open on the armrest.
Mrs Hudson shrugged her shoulders. “I haven’t the faintest, but he helps me more than you, young man!”
Yes, he supposed. He’d on occasion thought of his future. He’d thought about watching as fluid pulled its way up from a vial and into a syringe. Mixing the exact concentration for a perfect dose, in the perfect place, on the perfect high. The perfect high that would never end. Or end everything, rather. He used to think the perfect place was London, but maybe now it was Monte Carlo.
“Nothing here John—except some bloke’s website if you scroll far enough down,” Harry said.
He startled as John took one of his hands in his own, and lifted it from its grasp on the seat to kiss it lightly. He watched the progression of his hand moving towards John’s lips with fascination.
Sherlock’s eyelids blinked opened and closed, his cheeks flushed pink. His hands fluttered briefly in front of him, before dropping to his sides.
“Mary didn’t drown while she was out sailing.”
His own memory presented the image of John standing on the edge of the hill, looking out over the same ocean that had taken her from him. Leaning closer, as if wanting to join her.
_______
The image was arresting, even to himself. The trail across his face was dark crimson, garish against his pale skin. He looked monstrous.
John reached down for a stone, which he threw for Gladstone to chase. This soon became a game for the three of them, John and himself hiding stones behind their back, or faking a throw. While Gladstone only fell for their tricks the first few times, his tail never stopped wagging. Once this grew dull, they moved to the water’s edge and tried to see who could throw stones the furthest. John and himself were rather evenly matched, as it turned out.
“I have in my possession a note she wrote to one such lover, asking to meet with her the day after she died. Why would a woman who planned to kill herself write such a note? Imagine if the Coroner had been made aware of it. The authorities might have found it necessary to investigate other reasons for why holes might have found their way into a ship’s hull, wouldn’t you think, Mr Watson?”
> Just said I was. And I happen to be entirely free tomorrow afternoon.
He decided he much preferred the rose garden.
) and Harry Watson (
John had been cursed in the line of fire, and only breaking the spell would heal him.
_______
“Kingsbury,” John said. “You mean the Royal City?”
“Are you serious?
And then, Sherlock thought of John looking at him with exhilaration every time he deduced someone in Monte Carlo, every time Sherlock claimed he could flay someone open and see all their secrets. That queer intent look in John’s eyes – loving the thrill of the risk, the possibility of being discovered. In contradiction, John had sought out the danger he claimed to have feared.
