Then again he could be wrong, when the basketball got stuck on the gap of the ring.
He could see flashes of Cas' final moments in the room, from his confession to his content smile as The Empty swallowed him.
Feathers don’t do
to pass the side where Castiel was standing before the stove, instead of the other side of the kitchen island, that was also part of the living room.
“Can we bring these doughnuts?”
what I want to do, but I have no idea what next after that. I think I'm just thrilled that we can have him back here in the bunker. It’s like having the family completed, you know?”
is ready to settle? Who this lucky woman is, I wonder?” Sam continued in mock amusement.
to see you.”
“Yeah, agree on that,” Dean agreed.
Dean was really looking forward to it, since he never gets to the beach, thanks to his upbringing. If only he could take Sammy along. But, on his second thought, maybe he could take Sammy and have him stay at one of the hotels near where they will be staying, he will ask him later at home.
tall, and Cas was at least six feet.
And then …
“Must be very exciting for you both,” the smile on Castiel’s face went wider, it was as if he shared the same memory as Dean about the moving out.
“That’s interesting. Any favourite author?”
“Okay. Just text me as soon as possible, so I could manage my time on Friday.”
“Hello, Dean.”
Castiel chuckled at the protest, that somehow came more like a whine of a spoiled child. After almost twenty years befriended the Brit, ever since their college years, he could always find amusement from teasing one Fergus Crowley.
— more of Dean.
"Around ten," Eileen replied and showed Dean her digital watch. Something that was probably futile, since Dean's vision was still blurry from waking up. "Jack and I put the pillow and blanket, I hope they're comfortable."
This time, it was Rowena who looked down to Dean and smiled, “Did he now? Well, I didn’t expect that from Samuel. He’s such a lamb. Ah, you boys really know how to get this old lady gotten soft for you. Now I could understand why Fergus was such a big fan of you both, especially you, Dean.”
Even before the question was finished, Castiel could feel his face heated and, of course, attracted a reaction from Crowley. He was intended to play coy and pretends that he didn’t know what Crowley was talking about, but with the look on his face right know, it would be an insult to the man before him. “We had dinner yesterday, and maybe we will meet up again on Friday.”
As he walked to his Baby, Dean took out his phone and searched for Castiel’s name on the Contact List. Dean was staring at the name for few seconds before he finally tapped on the number to make a call. While he was waiting for the connecting line, Dean realised that his palms were sweaty and his face were hotter than before. Of course his heart also contributed in the excitement by beating uncontrollably.
The shorter man chuckled and looked down bashfully, for a second there Dean was
“Vamp-mimes. Son of a bitch.”
Castiel watched as Dean took out a box of orange juice and poured it into both glasses. As the kitchen table only separated them, Castiel realised that he could see the freckles that covered Dean's face. He swallowed and fantasised of counting them from up close. And to remember that freckles were signs of an angel's kisses, maybe Castiel could make his own trace of those on Dean's fa-
Castiel fucked his hand as he rode the orgasm wave until he could feel his knees were weak. Apparently, this excited Mick that he started pounding Castiel more, and started to lose his rhythm after some moments, then he also reached his climax.
He could feel himself releasing a long sigh, when Cas understood him and moved closer to him, practically leaning on Dean’s side as the bigger man placed an arm on the sofa behind Cas’ head.
Sorry to hear that, man. Hey, next week when I come for my next treatment, let’s have that soup of yours, shall we?
"Okay, now the device is in you and all ready to work," (turned out it wasn't), "Fergus, your turn."
He couldn’t let his brain process any more words to say to Castiel, in fear that he would say the wrong thing. Dean placed his forehead on Castiel’s as he closed his eyes in content and absorbed the moment. The moment when he finally could let the man he loved to know how he actually felt.
"Dean."
He loved worshipping Cas' body. To run his hands and lips all across his body, to see Cas released sounds that would have him cast out from Heaven, again. All because of his doing, that brought absolute confidence in Dean that he could bring Cas to his climax.
It probably
It was an answer that made both of them felt content. At least for now, everything would be well between them. They had opened up about their feelings for each other, a little bit too late, but it was worth the wait. With Sam and Eileen joining their life in the bunker, they would be a family again.
girlfriends, weren’t they?” Bobby put a halt on Dean’s train of thoughts, “So, which one of them who’d you think would be good to meet us?”
It was early spring, and
“Cas? You okay?”
Dean Winchester!"
The girl laughed at Castiel’s frustration. She knew how much Castiel hated his obnoxious big brother.
Castiel let out a nervous laugh, and shot a quick glance to Dean, “Yeah, tell Balthazar I don’t have any plan for tomorrow anyway, Crowley.”
, Cas. I, I think I always have been."
Just like what Sherlock did to John.
live there? I mean, Balthazar told me about that, but I thought he was joking!”
“Thanks, man,” Dean said as he lifted up his face, merely for courtesy, while walking past the man in long steps. He was just right outside of the store when he heard Gabriel called out to the man cheerfully (“Heya, ‘lil bro!”). Dean stopped for a quick second and looked back, curious what Gabriel’s younger brother would look like. Unfortunately, the man had his face to the counter’s direction, and the glass door had closed, reflecting the environment outside.
“Dean?”
rerun through his channel-surfing. “Dean, how many times have you seen
“I-I don’t know, Dean. A month, perhaps? What happened? Do you need another fillings?”
“Oh no,” Rowena reached for Dean’s hand that was playing with the whisky glass. She then rose up to her feet and quickly shuffled to Dean, “Oh, my wee lad, no. I’m so sorry.”
“Yeah, yeah, go ahead,” Dean took a left turn that will lead to Sam’s office. “Anyway, Sam, I don’t think I can pick you up later, so you’ll be going home by yourself.”
Very well, Dean. Thank you :)
– in his room, and probably he will drive them home afterwards and deliberately “forgot” to call them the next day.
Balthazar’s seductive purr was a great challenge for Dean to hold his laughter, however he managed to keep his bitch-face expression on. That he knew Balthazar could never resist. “You finished?”
"Fuck you. I'm going to sleep," Cas laid down and set his back to Gabriel. Apparently forgotten that Dean was supposed to call him.
The man on the screen adjusted the way he’s laying down. Dean placed one arm on the back of his head, and the other hand was holding the phone above his face. “I had school’s lunch. Hamburger and pie, which  I’m sure I could make a better one. Shit, this is not comfortable,” he grumbled and sat up, with his back low on the sofa and both hands holding up the phone.
The other man was staring back at Castiel as if seeing something alien, that was beyond his understanding, but it made him even looked more beautiful.
Then he saw something, no,
“Yeah, we just arrived,” Alex Jones, one of Claire’s closest friends, replied to the man, “any chance we can get a table?”
give out that look to me, Novak. It won’t work no matter how
“Not judging, as long as you’re happy, I’m fine.”
“I like you outside work, Cas,” Dean said briefly, and leaving Cas in confusion on how to respond. “Right! Friday.”
What's with this weird excitement and nervousness?
“Dean, your teeth are doing alright. I can book you for scaling if you want for … next week?” Cas straightened his back after bending over to check Dean’s teeth.
Last night was no difference, he was sure, only he couldn't remember the man who became his conquest. This morning wasn't any help at all, since the man disappeared from this very bed.
“You and me … we’re good?”
One of the students, Jack Klein, turned his attention from what he was watching to Castiel, “I thought the tablets were with you? The photos?”
Castiel huffed at the new fact about his niece, “No, but I’ll try asking my friends, maybe they know someplace.”
a sap,” Dean chuckled to himself.
Dean had to force himself thinking of something ordinary to keep his mind off Castiel and his hand around his face and mouth. Something like Bobby teaching him how to fix his Baby, or Ellen calling him from the kitchen and told him to sweep the garden. Something trivial like that.
And with that, the topic changed to one of Bobby’s friend, Garth, who managed to blew up a tractor at his farm without even turning it on. Dean let out a quiet sigh of relief at the shift.
The humming sound on the other line told Dean that Castiel was thinking about an order. “Take your time, Cas, we got ten minutes before I arrived at the place.”
“Misha’s fine with that, Dean. He understands.”
Claire reached for the bread before she answered her father, “It was a place where you would feel like being catapulted to the past, the time where people have mullets and wear neon-coloured clothing. A bar called Blue Remington.”
“Balthazar?”
“I have finished my shower if you want to use the bathroom,” Cas said tentatively, and then he lifted his other hand that was holding a ball of clothes. “I, uh, I don’t know where I can put my dirty clothes.”
“Oh, okay. Thank you, Meg, you can call him in now,” with that, his nurse went to get the patient. And Castiel went to place the kitten inside his private toilet. He made a second turn to throw a ball of paper for it to play.
from someone you loved?"
As he finished his dinner, Dean threw another question to Cas, “What made him chose dentistry?”
Dean parked his car in the carport, and his Chevrolet Impala fitted right perfectly in inside the carport with his grandfather’s classic cars. Dean loved them, and he took extra care to each of the vehicles. Of course, Dean already sold the ones he wasn’t interested in or gave them to Bobby. Once in a while, he would drive one of the cars around the area, just to hear their engines purr.
Dean cleared his throat and called, “Cas”, and without waiting for a reply, he continued, “I, uh, I’m gonna look in the closet if that’s okay to you?”
“Can the eye-fucking be postponed until we eat something? I started to regret this dinner plan.”
Luckily, it didn’t take long for the next bus to arrive. After he gave way to the alighting passengers, he stepped inside and found a standing spot in the middle of the packed bus. He got about eight stops to go, so he grabbed at the handler next to his head and tried to enjoy the ride.
Dean paused from taking out the crackers and dips from the shopping bags, “Because I didn’t catch a cold?”
"You know you're always welcome to visit and take whatever you need from there, Samuel. Consider it my inheritance for you."
He watched Dean walked without looking and reflexively grabbed his arm to stopped him when they were about to cross the road.
The dentist unlocked his apartment and as he stepped in, he was greeted by the hungry and upset kitten on his feet. “Yes, Misha, I’m sorry I was late. Come here, I’ll feed you.”
"Cas?"
Dean wanted Cas to feel comfortable.
“Probably. Not remember,” they walked down the stairs that lead to the entrance way, where Dean parked his Baby on the side of the road. “So, how’s everything with Cassie after the cancelled dinner?”
“Do you know if this kitten belongs to anyone?” Castiel showed the yellow kitten in his hands.
“I bet. Here it’s just like another city. So, there you go, Dean. Some seasons would be good here, some would be good there,” the dentist shrugged before drinking his beer. When he put his bottle down, he realised that the man with green eyes before him was looking at him while holding his fork. Reflexively, Castiel cocked his head and stare back. After a few seconds of staring contest, Castiel was still completely unprepared of what’s coming.
Dean felt the soft hairs on the back of his neck were raising in goosebumps when he heard Cas called his name wantonly, as he ran his tongue on Cas' stomach while working on his suit pants. When Dean pulled the fabric off Castiel's legs, he planted several kisses and bites on Cas' thighs. Then he smiled when Cas got up to crushed his lips on Dean's and kissed him passionately.
“Okay,” Dean returned the smile, and made Cas’s inside fluttered.
“He’s got a point, Claire,” Kaia said and waved her hand to the bottles and glasses on the table, “did you see our table? Cabs would be good, Dean, thank you.”
"That was the time Cas chose to tell me about the deal, and told me about his true happiness," Dean paused as he smiled, and he knew his voice started to shake. "Cas found out that he could be happy in just being, in just saying, instead of having what he wanted. So he did. He said it to me. That he loves me."
Dean smiled and closed the lif of the doughnut box, “Almost, but I backed out in the end. Suddenly I don’t feel like it.”
Dean held his smile for Cas after asking the question, but inside he had a major urge to slam his head to the table and hoped he passed out until next week.
“Ha-ha. Why don’t you meet our guests, here’s Charlie,” Dean moved aside to give way to Charlie to greet Bela, “Charlie, this is Bela, who gave us the ticket.”
Dean smiled as he noticed Cas’ hands starting to paw on his shoulders, pulling his henley shirt, as he lowered his kisses to Cas’ neck. He could feel a sensation that resembled an electric jolt rushed up and down his spine when he heard Cas released an unguarded moan as he caught the angel’s earlobe with his teeth. He could also acknowledge that his jeans started to get tighter the more he slithered his hand under Cas’ suit jacket and pulled the shirt out of his pants to feel Cas’ skin underneath it.
Dean rolled his eyes upwards and huffed lightly before he answered, “In thirty minutes.”
Sam replied by tapping the roof of Baby twice, “Thanks, man.” He then walked with his girlfriend to the smaller car in front of the Impala.
When he arrived at the practice, Castiel just noticed the flaw of his plan, he didn’t have anything to accommodate the kitten while he’s dealing with his patient. He beelined to his secretary’s desk. “Naomi, do you – by any chance – have a box for this kitten?”
Mick chuckled and then pointed to the shelf next to the desk, “There should be a roll of toilet paper there. You can use it for cleaning up.”
“Oh, right. So, you’re taking Balthazar?”
Or a shortened version of it.
Neither Dean nor Sam took what happened before their eyes as something usual. They both had questions in their minds, but none of them started to throw one.
"Precisely, and now we're in the discussion, are you willing to become a demon, again, and we'll make you half-dead? Or maybe dead enough, so you can go to The Empty to rescue your boyfriend?"
For a few seconds, he considered if he should get up to see what his children’s fuss was all about, but then Cas decided not to. They would surely storm to the couch he laid down on with their problem.
Dean looked to Bela, who actually stared back at him with a smile. The one that Dean suddenly recalled was always shown whenever she was up to something and would get the boys in trouble. "Uh, well … you really would do that? I mean we, I wasn't particularly nice to you right until your last moments, you know."
“Balthazar, I’ve got a stupid question for you.”
"This was a page from the Book of the Damned."
"The one before the fridge, Charlie."
Even though he knew that probably wasn't the question that Dean wanted to ask before, Castiel couldn't hide that he almost jumped in surprise when Dean suddenly broke the silence. "They're good. I have a friend babysitting for them, while she also housesits for me this weekend."
“Fine.”
after all.
He would wait until the right time to offer it to Sam, Eileen, and Jack.
With something that hasn’t even happened yet.
wanted to have dinner with you.”
He had took care of Sammy since they were little – since the fire that costed them their house and the boys’ mother – and Sammy had always looked up at Dean as his parent, brother, guardian, protector, et cetera. Showing one’s flaw was never in the plan. It’s enough that Sammy knew one adult in his life who had issues, drowning himself in alcohol and hours of work that he hardly spend time with his sons and sometimes forgot their birthdays. Sammy obviously didn’t need
"Yeah, she is," Dean softened when he saw Rowena was practically throwing ingredients into Sam's hands to carry. Then when his eyes caught Crowley, teasing his mother and Sam, he suddenly remembered something. "Oh, sorry, Eileen, I've got something to ask Crowley."
Henceforth the fact that he would bounce excitedly towards Castiel, whenever he took out the harnesses and leash. During the walk, he would pace and run proudly next to Romeo.
Of course. Drive safely, Cas.
To his surprise, or probably
Crowley blinked owlishly at the answer for a few seconds before actually responding. "You Winchesters really love to throw your lives away for others, yeah?"
“So, he’s your Friday dinner guest, eh?”
"So I, uh, I told him" Cas scratched the back of his head, that wasn't itching at all, "that I love him," Cas said as he turned to Dean, who grinned at him.
Cas chuckled when he saw the excited look in Dean’s face. Who knew the patient who was so sceptical of his name when they first met turned out really fun to be with? And charming beyond belief.
Crowley shrugged, "How should I know? I just got this position a few days ago, and apparently, someone, or
It took all strength and self-control for Castiel to sit there and not breaking the doctor-patient ethics as he worked on Dean’s mouth. Yes, the man owned the most beautiful eye colour Castiel had ever seen, and although his exterior’s features were rough and very masculine features, Dean’s pair of eyelashes was lush and feminine. Castiel believed they alone could make Naomi or Meg asked for beauty tips.
Cas quickly turned his attention to Dean, “No, this would be my first time,” he shook his head lightly, then as Dean responded with a smile, Castiel looked down to his lap.
* * *
“Dean …”
It was when Dean pulled his masker off gingerly, Cas knew that he couldn’t resist what will come next. He felt the fingers that were on his hair before slithered to his cheekbones and rubbing them lightly, tracing the structural features of his face. The touches was gentle and chaste, and Cas liked it.
"What?"
It was like slow motion scene in movies when Dean licked his lips and lifted up his hand to push Castiel’s glasses up lightly, and made the dentists swallowed.
to Cas. But he just didn't expect that Cas would say it first to him.
Did Cas really have to go home tomorrow?
Eileen nodded in agreement. “However, don’t think that you don’t deserve to get what you want, Dean. After what you’ve done, you deserved it as much as the rest of us did. We will help you. Sam, Jack, and I, we will help you get Cas back.”
“Oh, you’re home.”
"Fuck, Cas, you don't know
... I was killed by simple rebar. In a barn, only with you by my side. No Cas, no Jack, no Jody. Not that I'm not glad you were there, mind you, it was just so out of place. Even at the funeral, there were only you and Miracle, you remember, the dog I found after the Chuck snap?"
Sam turned his attention back to the road, “You were quiet and you didn’t pay attention to the road, that’s a serious one for
Dean chuckled, especially when he remembered that Sam was so excited to meet Eileen before, that he almost forgot about her car. “Right. We needed your car because we were going to separate duties. Anyway, you don’t mind us taking you to the bunker? We might need your help.”
“Uh … my patient.”
On the other hand, Cas could feel his chest drums. Dean was actually asking for his permission, he wanted Cas to feel comfortable for whatever he will ask.
fiery before. Did you just dye it?"
"Well, well, look who the squirrel brought back."
“I know,” the brothers replied in unison, before they kissed Charlie’s head in turns and went to their car.
The eldest of the Novak children, Michael, is the good son and crown prince. He never doubted his father and always do as what their father said. Anna, the only daughter and Michael’s twin sister, is more or less as devoted to Charles as Michael. However, she knew when to refused and stood up to their father when needed. Then, the sibling right before Castiel is Gabriel, the joker and trickster of the four, and the only one who actually noticed how upset Castiel is towards their father, and understands.
“Yeah, yeah. Just don’t make a move on him, please.”
"Thanks, Dean," he could feel a slight shiver on his spine when he heard Dean's friendly baritone voice called his name. Castiel approached the kitchen table and drank the water. It was
“And you decided to tell me just
It was probably not the best name for a bar, especially in the
“Yes?” Castiel looked up to Dean, who was popping himself back inside his office.
“Awesome.”
Castiel almost couldn’t believe his hearing when Dean said that during their dinner. True that they had shared some stories about each other’s life before they landed in this town, and what they had tonight probably was simply a ‘sequel’ for the dinner at his place. But it was more to what Dean said. That he would like to know more about ‘that Novak boy’. About him.
The room was like Wonderland brought to life, candy bright colours and the sweet smell filled the room, in non-sickening kind of way, it made Castiel wondered if his brother was planning something behind the relaxing scent around the room. Castiel turned and saw a row of fluffy and jelly-like fat chairs on the side of the room, inviting anyone to sit on them, but at the same time probably glomped and ate them.
As Jack closed his eyes to concentrate, a rush of excitement and anxiety quickly filled Dean’s mind.
“Why are you doing this to me, Crowley?” Castiel asked dramatically as Crowley closed the door.
“Nah, don’t count him. Sammy eats practically anything you handed him, and it was more to the fact that he couldn’t made any proper food in the kitchen. Some emergency once, yes, but not as good as mine.”
“Holy shit! That should be good dinner for you!”
To be honest, Castiel didn't remember if that was the man he spent the night with.
The dark haired man quickly put his fork and wiped his lips using the napkin. “Yes. Yes, they are, thank you for asking. I was talking with Gabriel yesterday, and he told me that he might be popping by here sometimes next week, to keep an eye on his exhibition.”
more of the crackers into the trolley.
When he saw Castiel didn't give any response, Dean continued while tapping his glass, "The thing is Abaddon and I never said that we're exclusive. We, uh, we're still open in the relationship, although we go out regularly. I know Abaddon sleeps around, and I also see other people. I met
“Hello, ladies,” Dean returned with a smile and four menu books, as a sign that his search came to a good result. “I found a table for you guys if you’d follow me.”
So, Dean had one of the best sleep he ever had.
Dean looked up from the phone in his hand when he heard a particularly cheerful Scottish accent suddenly come to the room. A smile formed on his lips as he saw the familiar figure with lush ginger hair in front of him and showed a bottle of red wine on her right hand and a whiskey bottle on her left hand.
"Now, this one," she showed the small leather pouch in her right hand, "I will put this inside of you. Once it is activated, Fergus will be the one who makes you die and take you to The Empty. While this one is what you asked. Use it right away to make the effect stronger. Now, are you ready?"
Castiel was someone with intelligence and looks, and him? Dean is someone who didn’t even finish college, and instead, he would work to get by day by day. In short, Cas and Dean are
“What?” both brothers exclaimed at the same time, followed by Sam walking approaching the youngest member of the family. “Jack, what happened?”
Castiel led his niece out from his apartment, and all the way to his Lincoln that was parked in the basement of the building.
Should he or shouldn’t he?
on before continues to the kitchen and preparing Misha’s breakfast.
As much as Dean didn’t want to remember it, both of them might have a point.
The man was not a sight that can be easily missed. He was tall and nicely toned, the black shirt he was wearing covered his body in all the right ways, and not to mention the dark denim wrapping his legs. He moved quietly, almost feline like – a confused feline, though –and beelines to one of the stalls that sold vegetable salad and peanut sauce. His dark hair flopped nicely on his head, and even from a distance, Dean can see his eyes shone beautifully.
Dean turned his phone up and searched the notification. No, he hadn’t, but Sammy did.
"I think it's a better idea. It might be witchcraft, but it still sounded better than the demon idea," Sam answered and turned to the other two people on his table, who also agreed.
Gabriel is right. Dean is sweet.
“Y-yes, please.”
, mind you — in his room, without saying anything, not even a note,” Castiel shrugged.
“You frightened me, you know, brother?”
Maybe he should make a stop at the bakery near his flat for his working snack later.
“Aaawww,” Castiel smiled cheekily to the other man. Crowley’s mother was a unique individual. Castiel knew how Crowley was in a love and hate relationship with his mother. She was a total control freak and demanding, he treated Crowley like a child, which was caused by their sad past life, which involving an orphanage and three pigs.
Dean smiled at his adoptive son and replied, "That's okay, Jack. We'll find another way."
Castiel looked to his phone and frowned. He was never a misogynist, but there was something on Naomi that he couldn’t quite place and it wasn’t something pleasant. He wondered why his superior decided to hire Naomi few weeks ago. Besides the fact that they were related, quite distantly.
The older Winchester gave his sarcastic look to the ex-angel, "
Cas looked around for a bit, and turned to Dean with a slightly guilty look, “Please return my clothes to where they were before?”
“Huh,” Sam scoffed, “that kinda made me wonder why. Don’t you trust me, Dean?”
“You finished? I’m gonna wash the dishes,” his brother pointed to the empty plate on the couch, next to his thigh.
That was five years ago.
When Dean returned to his desk, the school hour was finished and there were students pacing up and down the halls, meeting their friends for some after school plans or about to go home. He started packing his bag, getting ready to leave, then the message he was waiting for arrived.
“The pub crawl I told you before, with my class?” Abaddon turned to her friends who were standing in a group behind her. As expected, they all stared dreamily at Castiel. “We made a pit stop here for a quick bite, before hopping off to the next bar. Charlie! How’re you, babe?”
Castiel loved to run, jogging, or whatever it called, while at the same time he got a major soft spot for cheeseburgers. And as much as Dean didn’t feel the urgency to know it, Balthazar insisted that Castiel was
As Charlie asked that, Dean was suddenly got hit with a realisation that his brother is the only one who’s straight in the car, as far as he knows. A thought that brought smile to his face, of the absurd randomness.
sister?
"You've got a handmaiden?" Sam threw the question that his brother failed to ask.
“Nah, you can take it, Claire,” Benny replied as he led Claire and Dean to walk and see the cab that waited in front of the bar. “If you’re coming over tomorrow to pick up your car and you don’t see us, just say that you left it with me or Dean. I’ll let everyone know later about your car.”
' series finale between Charlie and Dean had to be cut short. Abaddon
He could feel his smile faded, and turned to laughter, that followed by Dean’s. They both laughed like a couple of idiots (in love), before Cas managed to make a sound.
Claire turned her head, “No one. I, uh, I found a photo of you and your ex, blonde, sexy, v-neck shirt? You dropped it in your room last time you went home for Christmas.”
Fudge, this chapter is long!
"Still, there was a good feeling to be in a library filled with books that showed how people will snuff it. There's your book and Moose's as well, you know."
There was an awkward pause in the air, while both men exchanged look. It was like both men knew that they had revealed more than what they should. That they had noticed each other’s presence in that unexpected place, and they probably should stay quiet. For a little bit longer.
“What?
When they arrived at the barn, they went on to their usual procedures.
The man with the name silently cursed at how smoothly seductive his friend could. “Cut it, I don’t want anything to be weird between us. I’m going to meet that ex of yours again later.”
As she saw her big brother looked vulnerable, Abaddon reached out her hand to take Castiel’s. “Hey, you know I’ll be there for you no matter what, right? Me and Gabriel will
“Yeah, I hear you the first time, Balz,” Dean nodded.
"Sit," Rowena intentionally cut Dean's words. Before the man could get a moment to take a deep breath and prepare himself, Rowena had spoken an incantation while pushing the device slowly into Dean's waist.
The angel smiled as he stepped closer to Dean’s personal space, following the slight tug that he felt from the belt. “Well, my tasks from Jack had finished, and clearly you and Sam would need an extra hand if you guys wanted to hunt again. If that would still be a thing with you two?”
The one who
The colour of the eyes owned by the man who he thought he had lost the chance of talking to. The man who was having meal, twice, at his sanctuary canteen. The very man who was standing inside his office now.
Dean opened the door to his room and let Cas walked in. “Welcome to my lair, Castiel.”
Charlie was practically squealing when she heard Dean's answer. They both then quickly were deep in discussion about space sci-fi films and series that neither Castiel nor Abaddon had any experience of.
Sam chuckled and finished his coffee, “Yeah, and I don’t read
Dean sniffled, the thought of Cas yet made another life-costing deal and didn't tell him was still hurt to recall. "It was when Jack was dying, or dead already, when you called Lily Sunder to come over. Cas made an exchange deal since The Empty wanted to get a hold on Jack. Him for Jack. Being a sonuvabitch that it is, The Empty told Cas that it won't take Cas until he experiences true happiness."
“What should I do? I don’t want to wait for him to return after leaving me —
"Oh, hello," the guest took the hand and let out an awkward chuckle, and wasn't a relieved one. "I'm Castiel. Nice to meet you, Dean. I'm sorry if there's any inconvenience caused last night."
It was a simple sentence. A statement, that managed to made Cas sure that his face heated in the count of milliseconds, and he knew that Dean could see it. He probably had seen the changes in Cas’ face since they started the video call. There was no pretending on anything this time, Cas was not that good of an actor.
Castiel had to look down again.
Castiel chuckled to the statement from Dean before sitting down again on his chair and facing the man he was talking to through the phone, “Yeah. I love kale. It’s delicious, Dean.”
He lined off the call and ordered the car ride service that he usually took after drinking party with Crowley. After a driver accepted his order, Castiel put his phone down and looked down to the little cat that was sleeping and purring contently on his chest. “I don’t know if you saw the man who was in here. He was beautiful, and I think he’s funny too. But he was allergic to cats, that’s why I had to keep you inside there for a long time. I’m sorry.”
The car almost took a hard slip to the left.
"Ow!"
been Cas’.
Cas chuckled, "I'm no longer an angel now. Dean did something with a spell, which I assume was Rowena's, and I'm sure you all helped. Thank you, guys, I don't know how to return this."
Cas let out a groan.
fight for her? That’s ridiculous. Go with the new girl, I say. Right, Bobby?”
was not the expression that is suitable for Cas.
“So, Jack’s asleep. I think he was burned out due to everything that he’d done today,” Sam walked approaching Eileen, as if afraid to lose her again. “Look, Dean, we’ll get Cas back, okay? We’ll look into the books, and we'll ask Rowena or Amara’s help if we must, we will get him back. You deserved it.”
Dean didn't know how long he sat in his room, in despair and fear. He didn't even realise that he passed out, probably due to mental exhaustion from the devastating future that he saw. He then realised that he was returned to reality when he heard Sam's voice above him, shouting his name in panic.
"Well-"
“Ooh, we’re here and we hadn’t seen anything. Let’s take a look around, fellas,” he quickly grabbed Charlie’s arm and almost pulled it out of the socket due to their body-size difference.
“Thought you’d sleep until noon, Claire Bear,” her father, Castiel Novak, CEO of Wavelength Digital said cheekily. “By the way, nice try to take a shower first. I heard you coming in last night, tripped on the stairs, did you?” this question was replied by a frustrated groan from Claire and a burst of laughter from Jack. “So, where did you go last night?”
His words made the giant man turned to him, and the childishness in his face was replaced by a wise look. “Cas, don’t mention it. You made my brother happy, sure I – ouch, okay! – we would welcome you,” Sam rubbed his side where Charlie elbowed her.
The view of his lunch box and what was inside was nothing aesthetically pleasing.
Even though Cas had seen several versions of Dean from their previous encounters, he really looked forward to learn how Dean would be when he was surrounded by people he loved the most, which is his family, at the place where he felt comfortable the most, his home.
When he got to his vehicle, Castiel turned the engine on and while his steed was releasing a mechanical growl, he  popped in his earphones before putting on his helmet. He stood still while calculating the distance from his workplace to his destination. When he remembered the route that he had to take, Castiel took a sigh of relief that he rode his bike today.
“Well, I don’t mind, really, Cas. Do you still have to babysit? We can pick up the puppy after my appointment, then we’ll head to my place. Wait, the dinner’s on Saturday, not Friday? Friday you gonna pick up the dog, right?”
"Well, apparently not," Dean chuckled and took it back from Sam and put it on the floor between them. "You know about this thing?"
The former angel was tentative, probably he couldn't believe that he could actually have what he wanted. He could be alive and be with Dean, hold him, kiss him, and
each other, everything would go
There was a faint sound coming from outside of the room, and it highly resembled one of the theme songs of a Saturday morning cartoon. Castiel froze on his spot and prayed to whatever god that would listen to him that he was not in the room of a teenager.
“Hey.”
“Great. Talk to you later, Cas.”
Before he continued his story, Dean showed his finger as a sign that he needed a moment. Dean got up and walked to the nearest drinking table to get two glasses, then he poured the whiskey that Rowena brought.
Eileen sat in front of Dean and started to answer while signing, “He’s okay. Sam is still in his room, talking to him. I told them that I’d talk to you.”
"Cas, I need you to let me know if I did something that you don't like, okay? I don't wanna hurt you, angel."
As Crowley started to lose himself in his thoughts, Dean decided to step away from him and walked to Rowena. He came up with a plan to help Cas from The Empty, but he wanted to make sure that what he had in mind could be aided by Crowley and Rowena.
Again, without looking, Dean could see the other four people he was with were turning their faces, in unison, to him.
time for him to remember something important," Dean chuckled as he could feel his eyes were misty again. "He made a deal, did you know that?"
Enjoy your reading, guys!
It felt like a time slip, everything moved so fast from the bunker to the road. Suddenly came the familiar roar of the engine from the Chevy Impala that showed that the brothers were on their way to whatever the older brother had found on his research.
His big brother only wiggled his eyebrows as an answer, and handed him a pack of bubblegum flavoured condoms.
"Oh, shush," Abaddon joined Castiel and Dean as she sat on one of the stools, "By the way, I think Mum and Dad worked on some parts of the house. You should see the bedrooms, Cassie, I
“You can at least wait until I finished reading them, Dean.”
“Jerk.”
Dean felt like he was about to cry when he finally could taste Castiel's lips on him. It was even better than he imagined, kissing Cas.
Dean couldn’t help it anymore, and he exploded with laughter. One that came with his whole body shaking and got him claps his hands like a seal. It took him a while before he finally could arrange a proper sentence to ask Castiel, “Seriously? You did
!” Gabriel said in his big brotherly tone.
I really do hope this kind of treatment was on the minimum number for the less fortunate people.
he had to bring him home.
“Cas, have you finished your lunch?”
"Yeah, I'm still curious who pulled him out and gave him that much fun and responsibility."
"Of course Fergus would know about it."
"My, look at that confidence. Of course, I can. Samuel, a hand, please?"
There it was again.
sentences.
"I think that's really nice," Dean's voice cut Castiel's imagination.
"I'm sorry, bro," Gabriel shrugged at Castiel's remark, "I don't think you would like going to bars and do silly things here."
To had the statement repeated in more clearer way from Dean had sent warmth to Cas’ chest and pumped endorphines to his mind. He stopped and leaned his lower back to the wall of the balcony, “Sounds good, Dean.”
Cas smiled at the question, “Yes. I’ll clean up here, and we’ll go.”
daughter?”
After he told Dean the name of the building he currently lives in, Castiel almost laughed at the comical way Dean’s jaw fell at his answer.
"Don't drink too much, Dean. We still have to do some research tomorrow."
It was a question.
"What?"
“Stop looking, Cas,” Dean said playfully and made the dark-haired man almost jump of embarrassment.
Abaddon apparently did the same, she softened her voice and smiled charmingly to Lily, who took her order in a lighter mood than when she first came to their booth.
The motorbike engine went louder, “Yes, Dean. I’m on my way now.”
"Well, you're living in the bunker now, you're one of us, and I'm sure this reality will feel better."
“Maybe we can have him over for dinner here?” Charlie chirped.
No, I wasn’t,” no matter how big his little brother got, it always amuses Dean how Sam always acted like a little brother that he is, and let Dean be the big brother to him. “How are you, Ellen?”
"Huh, now you mentioned it," Sam mumbled.
The man with the name chuckled at that order, and continued finishing his dessert. It didn’t take long before he threw another question, “Have you made an appointment to get it checked?”
“Have fun, Dean.”
“No, I can manage. You and Jack just relax, Dean, also Sam can help me,” she replied with a knowing soft expression.
“Thanks, Cas,” there was a smile in Dean’s answer that made Cas smiling as well. “So, uh, Gabriel knew about you … um, into guys?”
there was a moment if confusing silence before a dramatic gasp was heard on the other line, “No, that
It was his uneasy reaction to Jack’s words that made Dean confident that this Castiel was the very same angel who was taken away from him. The one who confessed his love to Dean seconds before he was killed. This was his Cas, who for some reasons, chose to act all cold to Dean as if they just first met. Dean looked at Cas, who somehow decided that the bunker’s floor, or his shoes, were the most interesting object in the world compared to the three people in the room whom he knew really well.
"I know, Cas. Same with me, if I knew you were Abaddon's brother, I'd tell you right away when we met."
"Finally you realised," Dean smiled cockily. "I don't make deals with you, I don't offer you anything. I just want to see Cas because I want to tell him how I feel, and I did it. From there, I did what you said. To make this place strictly angels and demons only."
, there was something about Cas that made him wanted to make sure that he’s alright. Even when Cas
What he and Castiel currently having was exchanging messages, a communication method that allowed him to read over what he had just typed – which actually came directly from his head to his fingers, no filter – and read it over
As cheesy as it sounded.
Dean made his way to the school maintenance, assisted with two male students to ask if his class could borrow a ladder. And since he had an issue with heights, Dean made the students “who made the ball stuck up there” to climb the ladder and get it down.
He sighed as both Romeo and Misha sniffed on the colourful flowers while moving from one bush to another. As he stopped there, he knew that it was obviously
Dean nodded at that information, “I guess I have to call Jody and the girls. Maybe just Jody at first to let her know the situation, I hope she could deliver it better to Claire than me.”
Cas lifted up his face from the phone in his hand and shuffled the working bag on his shoulder. He noticed that he was two steps behind from Dean, and he quickly jogged to catch up and handed the phone in his hand to Dean. “Here’s the address. Do you know the area?”
“You’re right. We do have some menus already. Anything else you’d like to make, Cas?”
“I did,” Bela laughed lightly, “I was working with my father’s company for a while, somewhere in the countryside. He owned this warehouse for his single malt production. It was great working there, though.”
“Well, he always said that between Balthazar’s talent in the kitchen and my slight OCD of keeping the house clean and in order, he sort of forgave his housemates,” Cas smiled when he saw Dean nodded at his story. “Balthazar took Social Studies back in colleges, while Crowley and I were in Dentistry. So he was the one who was home often and was given the task of cooking our food. Sometimes Crowley and I would be over at the campus until late, and we would have takeaway dinner while working on our assignments. That would be the days where Balthazar refused to talk with us in days, and not cooking us anything,” Cas chuckled at the memory, then he stopped abruptly to look at Dean.
“Why would you need that
for, Cas meeting the precious people in his life. Yes, he even placed Balthazar as one of the people in his Precious list. Sam seemed enjoying himself talking with Cas and Charlie. Bela soon excused herself, since she was needed somewhere.
It took Dean a while to process that. First, he got the exhibition opening with Sam, Charlie, and Bela, and he had already asked Balthazar to be his plus one. After a ten minutes of heavy flirting from Balthazar, he finally said yes. On one condition, Dean will pick him up. Baby are gonna be so full this weekend.
“Thank you, Dean,” Jack might have the body of a twenty-something young man, but clearly his aura is of a child.
There was a short pause from Dean before he answered, “No, that’s okay, Cas. It was on me. I mean, Sam wasn’t surprised or anything like that. He’s alright. He doesn’t mind or anything. His issue was more on me. He, uh, he expected me to tell him about me, instead of hiding it.”
The Empty looked at them with curiosity in his eyes, the smile on his face had faded. Something unusual happened in front of him, and he knew that he got a bad feeling about it. Still, he couldn't help to be curious to find out what would happen out of it.
Hello, Dean. I just finished my working hour for today, if you want to call.
Unfortunately, he only had two scoops of his lunch when his phone rang. Castiel groaned and put the spoon on his hand down, and reach for his phone. The moment he saw what was on the screen, he almost choked on the kale in his mouth.
sounded silly, even in his head) or Sam learned something new about him and gave his support as usual.
“Oh, Sammy, you’re the best brother!” Dean’s face beamed at the sight of the box. “Okay, I’m up, I’m gonna cook us dinner.”
Dean could feel a sharp jolt in his chest at the word ‘angel’.
"Really? Cas, I-"
Since when Dean Winchester used the word ‘adorable’ to describe a man’s face? A man with floppy short hair that some of them were sticking out to several directions, bright blue eyes that shone with curiousity and slight alarm – like a surprised kitten – and plump lips that was swiped lightly with a tongue every several minutes.
with Charlie.”
Dean opened the garage door before he got inside Baby, followed by Cas. When he turned the engine on, the radio blasted the song by Belinda Carlisle,
“Nothing, Dean.”
It was soft, but sending a sharp effect straight down along his spine and had his breath caught in his throat. Cas swore he didn’t mean to, but he could hear himself whimper to the sound of Dean calling his name. Cas didn’t realised that he balled his fist to hold himself steady as Dean moved closer to him, invading his personal space, making his face blushed unapologetically.
“Oh?”
Dean showered Castiel's face with soft kisses to relaxed the angel, as he guided his shaft into Cas' entrance. Apparently, it didn't work at first, because Cas seemed like he was too nervous with his first sexual experience with Dean. "Cas, I need you to relax, angel. I can't get in if you didn't. I'm not gonna hurt you, baby."
The innocent reply brought laughter from the older hunter, “I think I should be the one who’s doing this for him. But, thank you, Jack.”
Dean knew that Garth was always the one they could rely on; he was so pure and helpful. Still, hearing Garth offering help to them for the umpteenth time could send warmth to Dean’s chest, and eyes. “Um, yeah, actually, I was wondering if you ever heard of crossing to The Empty?
Castiel smiled before he cupped Dean's face. "I want you, Dean Winchester."
“Hey, Juliet, don’t,” Dean hissed while still walking to Cas. “Hey, Cas, look who I found,” he announced cheerfully.
In between Dean called his name almost soundlessly and the sudden emotional-related malfunction of his body, Cas looks up to Dean. The other man was wide-eyed and panic, he helped Cas to get down and sit on the stone floor, before he knelt next to him.
“Dean, do you think your brother would be alright if you invited me to your place?”
"Cas is, uh, he … well, he's the reason we need your help, Rowena."
“Cassie! This gotta be good.”
“Hey, I introduced your store to him, don’t you forget that, Gabe,” Dean had his mock upset voice, “and now you're gonna have a loyal customer in him. Don’t say I never do anything for you. Come on, Sammy.”
“Awesome! You’re awesome, Cas!” Dean lifted up his hand and aimed it to the phone, “Come on, let’s high five.”
to both Castiel and Abaddon’s direction.
It was the voice that Cas missed, he turned around and saw the young man of the house come from the kitchen with a sandwich in his hand.
A victorious chuckle came from his brother, “Come on, you said it was alright before, so why not now?”
Dean copied his laugh and quite sure even in the dark, Cas could see the shade of red on his face. “Do you want to do anything funny?”
Castiel smiled as he heard that. He knew that Dean Winchester wasn't the person who would easily say the words, he always showed it from his actions, or saying it in his own way. Like what he said now. "I love you too, Dean."
“Holy crap, this
The Castiel-like figure then swung his hand as if presenting something, then from the deep darkness behind him came a ball of bright blue light, just like angel grace. It grew more significant and more prominent in front of Dean and Crowley. Until it made a shape, a shape that was very much familiar to Dean, even before he saw the face.
“Hello, darlings.”
"Yeah. She's a brilliant woman."
"Who?"
want to have to go through any of that again, Cas. I don’t think I could anymore.”
Mick lingered to give kitten licks to Castiel’s head before slowly he sheathed the hard cock in front of him with the warmth of his mouth.
fast.
I ordered them cabs. Could you help Claire to park her car in our garage?”
"Yeah, my daughter was here the other night, and she said that this place is amazing, and I should take a look," Castiel returned Pamela's smile that got wider after she heard his answer. "I can understand now why Gabriel loves to come here. Without telling me, apparently, and made me feel stupid for having
Gabriel lifted up his face, “Hey, lil’ bro! Join us?”
They agreed that it's time to rest. Sam went to collect Eileen from the Archive Room, then he told Dean and Rowena that he'll send Jack to bed as well.
me, and all I could do was letting him down. I threw him out of the bunker, I beat him up when he just wanted to stop me from Mark of Cain, I couldn't save him from Lucifer's possession and from Lucifer murdering him. Fuck, I said "yes" to the other universe' Michael, something that he made it his mission for me
When Dean turned his face to Cas again, he nodded to the question. “Well, um, Gabriel said that their flight will be arrived at ten. So, I think I have to be at the airport around ten thirty?”
Once again, Dean let the smaller man lead him to where he aimed to, and he could only smile while pushing the cart before him.
Or not.
in a trench coat and another person in a millennial outfit.
Dean chuckled at the question, “No, I haven’t. It’s just … funny, because I have a younger brother called Sammy as well. Samuel.”
“Honestly, man, I’m still trying to figure out why do you work full time, with
“Damn, Cas, you’re too good for him,” Charlie chuckled as she stepped closer to the sofa, “do you want the TV on? You know, so you won’t be in the dark and silence?”
“Sammy, you got plan for tomorrow?” Dean asked as he sat across his brother, who started picking the bigger chicken pieces for himself.
was meant for patients, but somehow it came to Dean’s ears like it meant something else. Maybe it was just him. And Dean decided to stay sitting down. “Oh, okay. So you’re going home or still have something to work on? Paperworks?”
Dean raised his eyebrows as he heard Claire’s lead to her friends. He then put the pitcher on an empty table next to theirs and crossed his arms. “This should be interesting. Okay, I’ll hear it, bring ‘em out, girls,” he smiled.
Dean looked up from his desk and leaned back on his chair, “I know, Cas. I think our society had made Lucifer as an image of someone’s bad for having his own opinion on God’s creation. Well, I’m sure your brother’s alright, based on the way you talked about him.”
(See the end of the chapter for
While he worked on dinner, Dean’s brain had its wheels grinding for his next day’s schedule. He knew that he had to prepared tests for some of the classes. His eyes blinked twice as he remembered that he had a dentist appointment in the afternoon, sometimes around two. After lunch.
Dean groaned in defeat, “I still think this is weird, man. You’re giving away your ex to me? Look, even after I got over the fact that I’ll be having a hand-me-down, I-“
“You’re the best, Claire,” Castiel smiled and earned a hug from the girl. “You have to join Gabriel when he’s flying back here. Tell your father I will pay for your ticket.”
"No, they still want you to be like how they want you to be," Gabriel answered. “Even Luci. As much as he loves us as his brother, but he wouldn’t stand still seeing you with Dean. No matter how happy you are with him.”
Dean chuckled and opened it, then he sat up.
"I'm gonna prep you, Cas. If you feel uncomfortable or anything, please let me know."
When Cas gave his answer, he almost couldn’t believe what he saw. It was small, but Cas’ eyes surely didn’t miss it. Dean was letting out a sigh of relief, and there was a small smile on his lips. He forcefully asking – no,
“Seriously?” Dean wiped a small of tear from the corner of his eye before continued and led Cas to stop at the balcony, far away from the other guests’ attention. He smiled when Cas crossed his arms in front of his chest and leaned on the stone railing. “Your brother is really something. Gabriel’s really different from you, yeah?”
Dean realised that he should let Cas know that didn’t mean to snapped at him. So he waited until Charlie went to dimmed the lights in the room, to gave a cinema-like ambience, then Dean turned his face to plant a small kiss on the side of Cas’ head.
The dark-haired man smiled as he walked past Dean, who was holding the door open and waiting for him to enter. Dean felt that he managed to barely had his excitement shown as Cas looked around his room, from his books, his grandfather’s collection of guns that were mounted on the walls, to his bed.
“Sammy? Oh, Samandriel?” Balthazar leaned to Dean and whispered, “Yeah, he’s a great kid. Why?”
“Uh, yep. Let’s go,” Sam put his sunglasses on and grinned goofily to his big brother, who replied with a laugh before copying the action.
him to you, what makes you draw that
. He hooked up with a man at his regular bar, then apparently it was
“Yeah, whatever. You lost your hairdryer?”
"Good night, Cas."
And three miscalls.
" Sam made a quick turn from the book that he was reading and made his hair fly almost like in the shampoo commercial. "When did this happen?"
Those were all it took to made Dean went all sweaty on his palms and felt the need to stand up and relaxed himself. He saw one of his students, Krissy, was having problem on doing the shoot, so he went down and helped her.
Dean would also like it if the introduction didn’t stopped at Sam. If he could, he would love Bobby, Ellen,
Dean took a deep breath to calm himself, "Cas, I'm already on my way to your place. I, uh, I think I can get there in ... fifteen minutes tops?"
Then it was Dean’s turn to reveal his living area, which was almost on the same way as Castiel’s residence, only further. “I think it was the same as you,” Dean started, “the house I live in was not mine, it was my grandparents’. Few weeks after my grandfather passed away, his lawyer visited my brother and me, and said that we inherited a house from him. When we came down to look, it looked more like a bunker, and we loved it. Well, I fell in love with it instantly, my brother had time to adjust. So, a month after that my brother and I moved in to that place.”
Dean opened his mouth to say something, but then he closed it again without making any sound. Since Benny had known him for ages, it would be completely futile to argue with the older man.
Breakfast, or more likely brunch, went quite normal for Dean’s standard. Sam and Eileen cooked them an English breakfast, with fried bacon, sauteed mushrooms, roasted tomato, grilled egg, baked beans, and sausages. Turned out, Sam and Eileen woke up earlier than the others and went shopping for breakfast.
Cas didn’t dare to move, afraid if he did the touch would disappeared.
"Stop blaming yourself."
“So, this is your work?” Castiel asked and took a sip of the wine.
would taste like.
“New patient?” Castiel’s eyebrows rose and he unconciously widened his eyes (completely oblivious that the pupils of his secretary had dilated slightly).
"Okay, what do you guys need from me?" Rowena stood up straight as she offered her help.
much, so I believe you two
The car hadn't even rolled far from the bunker, but Dean’s palms were already sweating. He never felt like this before, not even when he was a teenager. Probably a little when he was about to go on his first date.
get what you want," The Empty sighed dramatically. "Oh,
Cas raised his eyebrows when the surprise in Dean’s voice was more to the fact that there was a rerun of that ridiculous drama than knowing that there were an uncle and his niece watching that show together in his place.
Another silence fell between them, and Castiel was glad that Charlie had taken refuge at the dining table. He would feel so bad for Charlie if she was still with them, listening to this painfully awkward conversation.
He stayed in that position for some more moments, before he turned his head to the digital clock on the bedside table. There was a smile on his face when he found out that he could have another hour to sleep before he had to get ready for work. Of course, going back to sleep was only one option that Castiel could do for the one hour time; there were other options that he could do and
“Cas, are you outside?”
Castiel groaned and sat up. He was having difficulties in fully opening his eyes, all he could do was squint, and it wasn't only because of the sun rays coming into the room in all of its glory. He then swept his eyes on his surroundings. He noticed that he was
"Always a pleasure."
“Then maybe Cassie’s special.”
sound excited receiving a call from me?”
He turned his attention to the direction of the cashier, which was filled with laughter from the two waitresses working together fluidly, making coffees and drinks for their patrons. Among their high pitched laughs, there were also masculine ones. Two or three men were enjoying their quick breakfast and conversation with the staff before they went to their weekend shift at work.
He didn’t even finished the message and quickly erased it before the hairs on the back of his neck all standing up.
Well, it was entirely supporting at the moment, yes, but for the long term plan, Dean would rather have what he had planned.
With that, the three of them left Dean’s room, leaving the owner to return to his thoughts. Dean looked up to the ceiling for a few seconds, and then he closed his eyes.
junk food?”
Another string of laughter was heard on the receiver end, “I just thought that you two would look adorable together.”
"That," Dean was about to reply to Bela's words, but she had already disappeared before them. All he could do now was shifting his attention to Rowena, "Really? You gossiped about me too with her?"
A single question that normally thrown when preparing dinner, but why did it came to Castiel differently? Had it was another person who asked that, he won’t have his heart skipped a beat, or an uninvited blush crept up to his ears, or his hands suddenly stopped working and his tongue was sticking to the top of his mouth.
What kind of photo did he dropped?
told you about tonight,” Crowley rolled his eyes as wide as the muscles would allow. “Oh, by the way, your ex here, he has been working on a school near here.”
“Yeah, Gabriel asked about you as well. I’m sorry if Sam was surprised about me … you … us.”
Sam barked another laughter, that made Juliet – who was laying next to him on the single seater – lifted up her head and wagged her tail. “One of the cheeky angels? I like the way you think, Cas! You know what? I bet it was Gabriel. Especially
to know him, and to have a decent conversation with him.
Cas was still registering the touch on his skin, when he felt Dean cupped his face and moves forward. Next thing he knew was a soft brush of Dean’s lips on his, a faint one, that followed with a claim on his lips.
Dean still on that particular excitement when he put the bags on the kitchen table, sorting them out and placing each one on their respectful places. He took out the
“Castiel? That’s a … uh, unusual name. I’m Dean.”
Cas chuckled, “You already told me that, Dean, and I don’t mind. Really. In fact, if Claire and Gabriel were still here, I will definitely bring them along.”
"Yes. Thank you for doing this, Rowena."
That was a joke that the big brother could take, he probably had it coming anyway since he brought the massive box of pies. However, it still felt weird that this turn of emotions happened in mere seconds. After his little brother was all so thoughtful while mentioning their best friend and son made the sacrifice that occurred five years ago. Out of nowhere.
“Okay,” and with that Meg shuffled out from the room.
“Just saying, brother. Something different on this dentist, then?” Benny copied Dean’s gesture on the chair, waiting for the answer of his question.
Gabriel had stalked down to the living room, and had his whisky-coloured eyes widened, “That’s all?”
“Dean is a good patient. He never screamed or ransacked my office when he’s in,” Cas continued and looked cheekily to Dean’s direction.
“What?”
" as a personal prayer chant while making his way out from the bedroom. Although, he knew the chance of the music that he heard before was from
And tonight, Cas could hardly contained himself seeing the man before him. Dean’s green eyes were soft and (although Cas had tried so hard to find another word) loving, the small smile on Dean’s lips was probably his favourite of tonight, if not today. And the way Dean looked at him … Cas knew that he could forever fall in love with that look.
than he expected.
The sass made an appearance.
“What?”
Rowena’s antics around him.
Then, of course, he recognised the comforting weight on his right that was practically half on top of him.
If Dean’s calculation was correct, the day the boys received the news would also be the
The British man sat on the chair before Castiel, and from the air he brought along, the taller dentist could base his knowledge from experience living with him, that his friend was not in the brightest mood.
for you if he wanted to.
Dean got up to put the beddings on the chair that was on the centre of a demon sigil, before he joined them, "Oh, yeah, they're really nice, thank you. How long have you guys been here?"
Then all of those sensations disappeared as suddenly as it came.
Jack shook his head lightly, "I think she could take up the shape of anyone. I remember Cas told me that The Empty came to him as Cas. Then when The Empty was about to take me, it took the shape of one of the angels, Dumah."
There was a quick urge on Castiel to let out a smug smile when he heard that question, “My place and his favourite restaurant.”
There was still no answer, and Dean started to panic and tried to remember where was the last time Cas told him his whereabouts. Then he realised that Castiel never told him, last time he mentioned something about his location was ‘I’ll be there soon’. But,
! That was the voice whenever you had a bad date!”
There was hardly any audible response from the angel, but Dean could see that he was nodding. He moved his face tentatively closer to Cas until he could taste the angel’s mouth on him. Dean swore that he almost couldn’t contain himself not to let out a satisfied moan when he finally was able to taste Cas. After all these years he eyed those full pouty lips and wondered how it would feel to kiss him, he finally could today.
“Back at you, Fergus.”
After Castiel finished his dinner, both men cleaned up the table and start washing the dishes. Dean even offered to drop the garbage on the chute just behind the kitchen area. He heard a rhythm of classic rock guitar filled the room, and Dean’s voice from the chute’s direction, followed by Dean’s announcement, “My turn now!”
“Oh, I still can get checked today? Yeah, yeah, that should do. I don’t mind.”
For now, she knew that she will continue writing that first morning together for Dean Winchester and the newly human Castiel, that was filled with happiness for both of them.
He might be asking the right question to the right person because for the next
Castiel chuckled at his children, “Seriously, guys, do you really have to fight about this? You guys are actually older than you look, you know, and I need some peace on my weekend.”
“Yes, Doctor, but your one-thirty is here now.”
“I agree. Look at what a man did to the universe, this and others. I bet you can do a better job, Amara.”
Dean started to wonder if he could ever keep his hands to himself with the dentist next to him. Cas and his dark hair that was so soft, and his toned body, and his long legs, and how Dean could easily reach out to have him in his arms.
Would that be …
The scene was showing a young male doctor flirting with his patients, when the young doctor looked up from his notes, Dean saw that the actor playing him owned a pair of bright blue eyes. The colour struck him and he suddenly remembered the pair or mystical blue eyes that were staring back at him today.
"Well, what we do now feels like we're twelve!"
had one of the best dinners.
He could feel the dizziness came as he heard the answer, and it wasn't from the wine that he had.
“Well, not exclusively. I saw him at work once in one of the trials. He’s vicious!”
“Oh, yeah, I remember now.”
Sammy nodded with his mouth full at that. The two boys were silent for few moments, before Sam started again, “So, is this someone you’d like to know more, hence the taking home?”
“It was a bullet,” the younger brother, who was responsible for the shot, spoke, “soaked in dead man’s blood.”
"Oh yeah, that really reminded me of my brother and I, meeting up once a month to catch up. His name is Samuel, and he worked in New York," there was a note of pride in Dean's voice when he gave the answer. "My brother and I, we, uh, we were close since we were little. Our parents died when I was six, and Sammy was two, then a friend of the family took us in and raised both of us as their own. When I was at uni, I could take a part-time job, so I can help Sammy with his school expenses, also so we won't burden our foster parents further. Sammy received a scholarship to study Law at Stanford, and now he's a Mr Lawyer in New York City."
The blue-eyed man did actually come to the canteen at four in the afternoon, and Dean couldn’t believe his luck, or
As much as Dean loved his father, he still couldn’t get over how he was hardly there for his sons. Luckily, there were Bobby and Ellen, good friends of the family who helped John, his father, to raise him and Sammy. To add it all up, from the elderly couple Dean also had a surrogate sister, Jo, Ellen’s daughter.
who did it?" Dean groaned playfully and placed his forehead on Cas' face, he absorbed the sound of Castiel's laughter that went straight to his heart.
“I think three or four, I forgot. The sea looked frightening for me at the time. A broad blanket of water, that half of it was mysterious and you don’t know where it would end,”
“Welcome!” he exclaimed cheerfully. “Thank you, both, for coming. Something to drink? Not for you, dear, I’ll try to find something virgin for you,” Gabriel handed a glass of wine to Castiel from a waiter.
All this time, with Cas being an angel and had his own way of thinking and feeling things, Dean would reckon that
A quiet mew replied.
"Oh, um," the red-haired lady hummed and she looked around, wondering if there was anything else that the young man could help.
The tall blonde man stood up from his seat and flashed his smile to Castiel, who was still standing, slightly dumbstrucked. Soft and velvety voice with an elegant English accent greeted the blue-eyed man, who just realised that he hadn’t heard that voice for a very long time.
The one with Dean family meeting Cas' family.
Samuel Winchester turned his attention to his big brother dramatically, “What is this? Has the time actually came?”
Hearing that question, Balthazar laughed, “An ordinary high school, Cassie. Not our fault if we, beautiful people, got hired here.”
Dean shook his head in defeat.
"What? Dad? Why?" she put her phone down and moved forward, "What about Dad?"
“Girls night out’s movie session!” Charlie continued.
“I’m gonna go cook dinner for myself then,” the father walked out from his room, left his children all puzzled, and headed to the kitchen.
"Oh. Sorry, man, shouldn't ask that," Dean paused on his steps and placed the mug on the kitchen table while looking at Castiel apologetically.
Dean had to bit his knuckles to prevent himself from laughing. He didn’t know if Cas was telling the truth or he was just being a good storyteller, but Dean honestly could buy that one. And he really could forget about the candy exhibition, he couldn't take Cas alone, when it was supposedly Gabriel who was obsessed with candies. He probably would tell him about it later. “You said there wasn’t much on this boy, Cas, but he was interesting.”
These information was ended with the blond Brit fisting the front of Dean’s shirt and shot him a look that he never seen before in his friend’s icy blue eyes, while saying that even though they were better off as platonic these days, but Castiel was the love of Balthazar’s life, and he will make Dean regret for as long as he lives if he ever hurt Castiel.
"Exactly, Samuel. I can make one for you, Dean. I made one for Mr Ketch, remember?"
When I’m over at your place, you won’t escape me, Cassie!”
Cas caught Dean's intention, and he wrapped his legs around Dean's waist as he circled his arms around Dean's shoulders. He lifted his head to give Dean more access to his neck and throat. Dean knew that he did the right thing when Cas let out a moan, along with shivers that crept across to Dean's skin when he caught the spot on Cas' throat where he nicked it with the angel blade to release the grace.
“Are you nervous, Dean?” a wicked smile was shown on Balthazar’s face as he lean his body on the desk. “Oh, this is fun!”
“Uh …”
There was an uneasy pause after the statement.
"Okay!" Gabriel clapped his hands together, "I think it's time for us to leave, so the staffs can start on their closing procedures. Samsquatch! Lead us the way!" He slung his arms on Cas and Dean's shoulders, then lead the little group outside.
Cas chuckled nervously at the comment, "Yeah, Dean really did a good job back there. He tricked The Empty into seeing me and somewhat turned me into a human, so I can get out from there."
“Doing good, Sam. Hello, darling,” Balthazar turned to the red haired girl sitting next to the tall man. “I don’t think we’ve met before. I’m Balthazar, I work with Dean.”
That was the moment when Cas realised that he would smile and giggle like a schoolgirl whenever he saw Dean’s face. Like an unintentional reflex. And based in the smile returned from Dean, the teacher didn’t seem to mind.
Somehow it brought warmth to the twins’ chest.
"Exactly, Dean," Crowley smiled, "I'm so proud of you. You've grown, and you used that brain more often now."
“Shit,” he groaned at his luck before swearing that he would never take the public transportation in the morning anymore in the future.
“Maybe?”
“I’ll take that as a no, then.”
"Thank you," Dean continued his plan of talking civilised-ly with The Empty. "Look, why do you need Cas here anyway? He's practically human. He fell from Heaven, and Heaven basically didn't want him anymore. Also, he's not a demon, unlike Lucifer. He's something between Heaven and Hell, a human. Based on how he treated humans and what he said to me - which you'd probably know as well - he has grown a heart, he practically has a soul."
A walk in the park could bring something more for Castiel, that he never expected before.
Dean wiped his tears before answering her, "I need to get to The Empty to save Cas. It's the place where angels and demons go when they die, and none of us knows how to get there. The only one who's been there and returned safely, without being fully dead, was Cas."
After what seemed like forever for Dean, finally, the piercing scream from Cas had stopped. The angel was now panted heavily and tried to get his breathing together as he fell into Dean's arms. "I got you, Cas. You're okay. I got you."
“Uh, no, come on in, Crowley.”
than six hours! He still couldn’t wrap it in his head how he could miss it all this time, that he was so in love with his best friend? That the hurt he felt every time Cas left him was not of anger that another person left him. It was more of a sad feeling that he had to see Cas left him. He felt rejected by Cas, unwanted. While turned out, at the same time, Cas might also wonder why Dean let him go, why Dean let him died.
“I don’t know about you, sister mine, but I don’t think you’re ready for
“Uncle Cassie, this place is really far away. Why would Gabriel want us there?”
There was a jolt inside his chest as Dean heard his brother mentioned a gender. The actual fact was, lately, Dean felt he was more attracted to
“Your wee boy dropped by all the way down under to ask for my advice in managing Heaven, can you believe that?” Rowena explained after she finished hugging a tree log that was Sam Winchester. “I swear, Samuel, it feels like you still keep growing at this age.”
“That’s comforting,” Charlie chipped in. “It’s not far from here, right? The venue? We won’t have to meet police or anything on our way?”
There was also a time where Castiel had to move Dean’s face a little, and he almost moan when touching the man’s face, even over his gloves. What kind of facial treatment Dean owned to have such soft and gentle skin? Not that he mind. At all. The stubble was another thing for Castiel – since he had to bit his lips behind the masker to prevent himself moving forward and bit Dean’s instead, Spider-man-style – while running his finger on those early-stage facial hair.
Charlie shook her head softly, “I only remember you went dancing with Balthazar. Then you were missing, and suddenly you popped out of nowhere and told me that you’re leaving with
Dean Winchester might have many,
Cas’ answer brought out a grin on Dean’s face as he continued to take the rest of their shopping items out from the bag. “Don’t mention it,’ Dean answered and ran a hand on Cas’ hair, “come on, Castiel, we got some cooking to do.”
refreshing. He didn't even realise that his mouth was
, we kissed, then it was all patched memories from there. When I woke up, I was in the house I told you before. I completely didn’t remember
“Actually, Dean and I – and Sam and Charlie – will have dinner together at his place. So, maybe we could talk about it later. It’s better to talk about this issue in person than through phone, right?”
hours when Crowley and him was planning to watch a movie. They decided to buy a hot bun instead from a seller on the side of the road and watch a taxi passenger’s face got paler and more panic for every fifteen minutes with the number on the meter keep going. That would be the day when Castiel decided that if he didn’t have any meetings with friends or colleagues outside the office, he would rather ride his bike to work.
Sure. You’re on school holidays?
Somehow, in the kitchen Dean looked quite pleased, maybe they didn’t destroy the stew after all. “Food looks good, Cas. You wanna try?”
Though Dean shot Sam a dark look, he answered instead, “Yep. I beat Claire on that Candy game thingy. Whatever it is.”
. Not ‘only Cas’, Dean. Clearly he meant something to you, that’s why you’re nervous!”
Dean returned Cas’ smile as the dentist received the laundry bag and started to fold up his shirt neatly before he put it inside the bag. He might don’t realise it, but for a few moments both of Dean and Cas were trapped in silence, and they were enjoying every second of it. Dean stood in front of his door, he watched Cas caring for his clothing and place the laundry bag delicately on the chair next to the bed.
So, when Cas said that he didn’t mind staying the night, Dean was beyond excited that he could have a longer time with Cas. Now, he only hoped that he won’t do anything stupid that will make this night ends horrible the next day.
. No,
The bell finally rang before Dean fell asleep watching the students continued their basketball game. Then, as before, he tidied up the hall with the help from some students. After he was sure all had been returned to their places, Dean locked the hall then he returned to the teacher’s room. On the way, he met an HR staff who asked him about the treatment he was having before and reminded Dean to submit the reimbursement form soon, so the school could transfer the money to him along with this month’s salary. Dean told the HR staff that he will send the form and receipt tomorrow, since it was almost end of day anyway.
“Oh, another Cassie? Wow, Dean, you have a type on names.”
Each year, at the end of the academic year, the school will make a three-night trip out of the city with the second year class, as a ‘treat’ before they get to their senior year to face the final exam. As for this year, they will have a trip to the exotic island just across the strait and spend the three nights there.
"This Death Summoner page was taken from Book of the Damned. How did you boys get this?" Rowena asked with curiosity in her face, that was also combined with excitement. "I noticed a page missing in the book, I tried to look for it, but it was futile. Turned out you boys had it all this time."
Dean waited until the laughter that came from Castiel lowered down. The man in front of him wiped his eyes from the tears.
Someone with dark messy hair and probably the bluest eyes Dean had ever seen, it was like looking at the sky after the night had lifted up its blanket of darkness, and before the sun had fully risen. Dean didn’t want to sounded so chick-flick-ish, but that was all he got for that man’s eyes. For now.
“I-I’m sorry, I shouldn’t-“
It was a question that Dean expected, actually, but it still hit him hard.
The ginger lady smiled, "Really? I might remember that someday, Dean."
Eileen took a deep breath, and the expression on her face looked as if she was arranging the words of her question to make it sound appropriate. "You really love him, don't you? Castiel? I mean, was this where he … was taken?"
“I think you don’t have to, Dean. As long as we don’t flaunt it,” he took another sip of the wine. “Crowley won’t care, anyway.”
“You weren’t like
“Bye, Dean.”
Two words.
The shorter man stalked inside the room and sat on Castiel’s examination chair, “Your ex and I are going to have dinner tonight.”
A dry laugh escaped Dean’s mouth, “Yeah, you’re right. Well, at least we managed to finish uni, eh?” his question was responded by similar sounds of laughter that he had before from Sam. “Which reminds me, don’t forget breakfast at Bobby’s tomorrow. What do you want to bring?”
oblivious of what was going on inside Castiel's mind. “I have a little brother who lives on the other side of the city, and we usually meet up for dinner or just for a cup of coffee. SOmetimes with his girlfriend as well. Lovely girl.”
Dean noticed that the doctor wore his thick-framed glasses again, and made him looked a bit owlish. His raven hair was a bit tamed today, although it still looked chaotic for a doctor. Dean also noticed how Castiel bit his bottom lip lightly when he paused to memorise something before adding notes to Dean’s file.
After a while, Dean finally pulled himself softly from Sammy and got his head in his hands again. "I'm sorry, Sammy."
In a quick moment, everyone around Dean turned their attention to him.
It was Crowley who found him first, by waving his hand to Castiel’s direction. He returned the wave with a small one, and when he saw the other person sitting with Crowley, Castiel felt a pang of joy that he never knew he needed.
"That really was unexpected," Cas mumbled, "do you think Billie knew what would happen to me, and she decided that you might be a help for them to get to The Empty?"
The Queen of Hell hoisted her glass to show her agreement.
Right after Cas finished his story, he was caught with Dean’s soft expression again. “Look at you. All loving and expressive when talking about your big brother.”
But, tonight, the car had an assignment to do, taking him to Gabriel’s address. It wasn’t an address that Castiel familiar of, in fact it was on the other side of town. What in the name of God Gabriel is having there? It better be good.
And before he knew it, Dean blurted out.
“Sammy? You home?” Dean called while climbing up the stairs to the common room. He intentionally made his steps louder than usual, just in case his little brother didn’t hear him coming. God knows if Sam’s having Eileen over and
Claire beamed at the offer, “My car is just around the corner from here. I’ll move it here then.”
“I heard that.”
The ring and vibration in his pocket made Castiel jumped. Apparently, he moved too sudden that some people around him turned their heads at his direction. He fished his phone sheepishly, and checked the clock on the screen. It was almost one, so that must be Naomi called him.
His breathing started to puff as if he just finished a 5K run. The closer he was to the Archive Room, the more dampness he could feel in his eyes.
Dean opened the mini drawer under the sink, “Here they are. I don’t know what standard you dentists have for a toothbrush. I hope ours meets them. And …
Castiel was sometimes amazed that many people wouldn’t take him and Abaddon as twins when they first saw them. Sure, they were on different genders, but they both shared many physical characteristics. Both twins had lush brown hair — although Castiel still had his natural hair colour, light brown, and Abaddon was more reddish-brown since she dyed it. Her natural hair colour was red, just like their mother, while Castiel took after their father. Another feature that they share was a pair of striking blue eyes, just like their father.
“Yeah. You just get to know him a little bit more, Cassie. Although, Dean’s a little bit hard to crack. Not in sexual way. I think once you managed to get him going, he’ll pound you anywhere.”
Castiel pulled himself away from the hug, “Oh, really? This comes from
“That little tease,” Dean scoffed and felt like he had conquered Everest.
have this car?” Claire asked in a mixture of amazement and confusion.
Oblivious to the smooth baiting, Dean answered excitedly, “Right? I told Cas that the view was too spectacular to be left behind everyday to work. He should find a job that can be done from home.
“What’s a candy exhibition?”
"Hey, you okay?"
"Anyway," Dean cut Crowley's train of thought, "from what we saw, once you get to know Amara better, it made more sense that Chuck was The Darkness, and Amara was The Light. One thing led to another, we stripped Chuck off of his power, and Amara became the new God. So, based on your story, it was more likely that Amara pulled you out from the Emp-wait, didn't Amara say that She wasn't familiar with The Empty?"
Although he owned half of the share and ownership of Blue Remington, Dean is more comfortable seeing himself as the working guy there. He practically did everything, from teaming up with Pamela in crafting drinks, taking orders from the customer, right to help out in cooking and washing dishes. Just as he hardly helps Pamela in throwing out shenanigans from their bar, Dean would refuse any help from Pamela.
“Dean. My name’s Dean,” the man gave his hand to the girls and they exchanged names for a few moments. “Right, uh, you girls don’t mind me asking for ID first, do you?”
The man he loved.
“What? No,” Dean quickly replied before more questions came, “I don’t have anyone at the moment. I’d rather keep it casual. It’s just too much of a fuss, a relationship, and I don’t think I can afford it now.”
“Yeah,” replied Dean with his mouth full, “made an appointment for tomorrow. There’s a dental practice near school, I’m gonna go there. It supports the health cover I’m in, so … why not?”
“She must be so excited to have her parents visiting,” Bobby commented while having his second helping of the mashed potato. “Where do her parents live?”
The quick answer from Castiel made Charlie stop her munching and, probably for the third time that night, she had a mixture of shocked and disbelief on her face. When she had that expression, there was a high probability that she would cuss at Castiel. “What the fuck, Cas? You said you only fucked
He was wondering if he would do the same had he owned the smartphone technology when he was their age, when he noticed a young man walked into the eating area of the canteen.
"Well, demons gossip in Hell, Dean, and I might overhear it."
"Sounds great, so I'll take those, and as for me I'd like the smoked salmon and cheese cream bagel and a
“So, everybody knows about Dean and Cas?” Eileen whispered to Sam.
"I haven't said anything yet," Crowley deadpanned before he kissed the top of Eileen's palm. Then he turned to the young boy who seemed excited to meet a new supernatural friend of the Winchesters. "And who's this twink? Yours, Squirrel?"
“Okay, I let you win. That's the only reason how you keep on winning,” there was an obvious eye-roll in Dean's voice as he said his defence that made Cas sure he was completely smitten of the teacher.
The apology from Cas just made it worse, Dean had to rub his forehead to stop the headache that suddenly came. All the plans and everything related to it,
“Nah, I found it funny, that I also had a little brother named Sammy,” Dean let out a whispered chuckle at Balthazar.
"Why are we still discussing about this?" Cas shot a sharp look to his big brother, and earned an eyebrow wiggle as response.
Is this what it is? First date? Didn't they already have it when they had dinner at that restaurant? True, they didn't arrive and leave together, but it already felt like so. And Dean could never denied that Cas looked terrific with his leather jacket, and he was halfly expecting the dentist will wear it again tonight. Although the dinner would be at  Dean’s.
Dean took out his phone and dialled the number of the dental practice and waited until someone picks up.
Gabriel turned his face to Dean and looked at him sharply, “Yes, Winchester. And I hope you’ll spare extra time that night to pick my brother up. I don't accept less than a tuxedo and flower bouquet."
Speaking about angels, had the dentist with an angel name texted him?
realised that someone was missing. "Where's your angel, Dean?"
Dean wondered if Jack could do the same miracle as before, woke Cas at The Empty and brought him back here, to him. He knew that it was probably asking too much of Jack, now that he was currently trying to resurrect the whole Earth population. Maybe he could ask Sam and Jack to help him find a way to get to The Empty to rescue Cas. Then if everything failed, he’d offer his idea.
"Uh," Jack started, and clearly he was treading carefully not to touch Dean's bad side at the moment. "I, uh, the last time I was there, The Empty said something about me making it loud when I was about to explode. Do you think something happened?"
“So, what happened, really? You don’t remember the dude
“Charlie, what are you, fifteen?” asked Dean, as he picked a spot next to Cas on the sofa, and nudged the dentist’s shoulder with his. “Ask Cas, he’s the guest. What you wanna watch, Cas?”
Before he could say what he wanted, Dean had shut Cas' mouth with a kiss. He could feel the angel in his arm stiffened by the surprise of what he did, but it didn't last long. Next thing he knew, Cas grabbed Dean's shoulder and arm that felt like out of desperation. Dean responded by once again placing his hands on the sides of Cas' face.
“So, um, do you still want to have dinner with me, Dean?”
Claire's laughter got even louder at Castiel's remark. It took her a while to calm down and continue the conversation like proper human being until they reached Cas' apartment. It had been a while since Cas felt this kind of comfort, that can only be filled when Gabriel and Claire around. He was on cloud nine and not ready to come down anytime sooner.
If Castiel and Abbadon were cheeky, it was all thanks to Gabriel. He groomed his baby siblings so they knew that they
“About the new God, yes, I think I’m ready now,” Jack nodded, “should we do it in the library or somewhere else?”
After they made their orders, Dean looked at how Cas sat sheepishly. He had both of his hands on his lap and had his blue eyes widened, accompanied with a small smile that made Dean wanted to take care of him.
“Bitch. My workmate, Balthazar. You know him?”
Should Dean
“Oh,” Cas could feel his cheeks flushed at the question, he never expected Dean to ask that, “no, not yet. That’s okay, Dean. We can talk, I don’t have any patients after this.”
. Also, something that he knew would annoy his sister or anyone who talked to him and was on the receiving end of that finger, “I’ll go, Abbie, don’t worry. But it’s more for Mum. Oh, God, Lucifer’s going to be there, isn’t he?”
"Hey, Cas," Dean Winchester started and smiled at the dark-haired man, then turned to Charlie. "Hey, Charlie. Um, mind if I joined you guys?"
seasoning package and chuckled to himself, recalling the way Cas was so oblivious of what kind of food is this.
"I told Crowley about Billie rescuing me from The Empty," Jack continued when he saw Crowley waving his hand in his direction. "How Billie prepared me before she let me explode in The Empty."
“Why would he say no? You’ll be in good hands. I’ll talk to him later,” Castiel slung his arm around Claire’s shoulders.
The older brother shuffled to the kitchen, and somehow the lunch that he had at the small canteen few hours back made his mouth watered, and he felt the need to recreate it.
When he saw his next customer didn't realise that it was his turn to be served, the cashier person greeted the tall man who was with his dog and cat on leashes and still reading the menu board. "Whoa, beautiful kids you've got there, man. Can I know their names?"
“Look, man, if it will be weird for you, I understand. I-I-I don’t want anything to be weird between us, and-“
"And apparently a half-angel," Dean turned to Jack, "or half-demon."
Of course, he wouldn’t jump on Cas when they finally reunited. Or the other way around. They were both six-foot-tall well-built grown-up men, Dean could strain a muscle catching Cas jumping on him, and Dean wasn't that confident of Cas' mortal power since he lost his power and all that.
Tables and booths were mostly filled, and the staff were busy going back and forth, taking orders from the patrons and delivering their food. Castiel had been to diners in the morning after spending a night at someone else’s place, and he had to say, he immensely loved the atmosphere of a restaurant in the morning. Everyone was still in their best mood, and the smell of food that came from the kitchen was perfect for stimulating hunger. Also, the food would be fresher than when you arrived later.
bad, huh, Cassie?”
“I know you’re listening, and my point stands.”
There was a pause on the line before Cas started again, “Dean, I’m sorry.”
Samuel looked at his big brother with concerned manner before asking, “Is the practice legit?”
Dean slide both of his hands into his pockets, without shrugging Balthazar’s arm off, before he answered the other man, “Sammy, of course, and our friend, Charlie. Have you met her? Red hair, glittery, adorkable?”
Dean pretended that he was too busy with his food to answer his brother, although he could feel his chest had an alien staccato jolt when an image of a certain dark haired and blue eyes man came into his mind, he only managed to put up the mask for few seconds, before Sam kicked his leg under the table and made Dean looked up. “What?”
"Dean, what happened? Are you okay?"
“Yes,” the answer was followed by the sound of a motorbike engine.
“Oh?” Dean looked up and true, there was a small lens, so he waved there. “Hey, Cas.”
Again, thank you so much for the views, kudos, and comments! You guys are awesome! <3 <3
Standing so close to Dean had ignited a small furnace inside Cas' stomach. He felt warmth creeped and also a flow of adrenaline rush that slowly but sternly shooting to his brain. With the others in his group having their backs on Cas and Dean, it felt like one of those moments when he felt like the world belonged to him and Dean, and the others were merely tenants.
was your question? Fine, if you asked for trilogies, the original is still the best. And if you asked about the best film post-Disney, i would say
Dean laughter suddenly boomed. He honestly had forgotten that it was supposed to be a secret that Castiel died when he was human the first time. While Cas was letting out his rant about the kept secret of him dying six years ago, Dean can only laugh and wrapped his arms around Castiel. Making sure that the ex-angel was too comfy to rant again.
That is if this one didn't end up as tragically-abandoned as the other two.
Sam nodded as a sign that he agreed. He might have an idea what his big brother meant, but he didn’t dare to ask or mention it yet. Which also reminded him of one matter that was close to his heart. “Hey, Jack, uh, do you think Eileen is returned as well?”
"Hey, morning. What time is it?" He folded the blanket and stacked it with the pillow.
Cas laughed, "That sounded like a good idea. Although, I still wondered how did Dean get into The Empty? And how Crowley was even alive?"
I based their home on The Bunker, well ... sort of. I'm no architect, so hopefully the house makes sense.
Dean noticed Jack's smile, then he continued, "The Empty told Cas that when Cas felt true happiness, it would come and claim him. Cas thought that he could never have his true happiness, that's why he kept the deal to himself, knowing that The Empty could never take him. Until he revealed it to me a few nights ago, when Billie was behind the Archive Room's door and ready to kill both of us."
Especially, when you had arrived in the waiting room, and your stomach suddenly acting up and starts poking from the inside. Dean walked up to the secretary’s desk and found her brushing her hair while watching Korean drama.
Sam had completely lost his care on this issue.
"Huh. Whoever that was, it was either they made the right decision, or a drunk decision," Dean replied. "Okay, so do you think you know a way to go to The Empty and back? I remember Billie did it freely."
He threw another look to the librarian, and this time the man behind the desk noticed Castiel. And he smiled
Crowley moved forward, to let it known that they were entering a more serious topic, “Yes, I have to go back to England in two weeks time, and while I was away, could you babysit for my puppy?”
The support also came for him when Castiel came out to his big brother that he was
"So, you're close with your little brother, Dean?" Castiel attempted to make his question sound casual, with an additional sincere smile. "Now that I think of it, that might be why you looked pleased when I told you that I had a meeting with my sister on a Saturday morning."
“Uh, it was the Oreo one, I think?” Dean replied while being trapped in an eye-contact with Gabriel, who still looked menacing to him. Most probably since Sam’s been looking over the doughnuts for the past fifteen minutes and hasn’t made any decision yet. Quietly, Dean took a look around the store. It was near empty, which actually made sense since it was still ten in the morning on a Sunday. “Come on, Sammy, we’re gonna be late.”
“Great. Oh, here’s the menu, I’ll tell you if there’s anything kale in here,” Dean smiled to the waiter who brought him the menu, and started to browse, “right, so they do have a kale salad, I think there were two kinds of them. And then there’s … kale soup, and uh, here’s pasta. Wow, I never realised they got this much of kale menu, Cas. I didn’t even know how to cook it? Do you know, Cas?”
"Hello, Dean. Yeah. Yeah, sure," Castiel could feel that his mouth was almost refusing to work with his brain. There was also a possibility that his mind was too busy wondering if Dean noticed that Castiel was avoiding him. If so, then it might forget to send proper speaking commands to Castiel's mouth. "Uh, you want a glass, Dean?"
For the next few hours, everyone in the room filled Castiel with the plan that they finally came up with after a few days of working. A blind project without any clues or leads about The Empty, and how to get him out from there. The story started with how they managed to strip Chuck of his powers and made Amara the new God. Followed by the days and nights they worked hard, to the day where Eileen, Jack, and Dean finally found the idea to summon Death.
"We're working on it."
Dean shook his head lightly, and prayed to himself that the others won’t notice. He was in luck, since they were still talking about traffic safety and such. He turned his attention to the road again, hoping that he didn’t miss an exit or a turn. With a quick look at the GPS on his phone, Dean knew that they were still on the right direction and they’ll arrive soon at the venue.
Would he want Sam to meet Cas?
After the weird morning after, Castiel met up with his sister, Abaddon, who was also on her share of post one night stand morning. They had a nice breakfast over the stories related to their adventure the previous night.
"I-I beg your pardon?"
"Well, it was obvious that you were the fallen angel, and your angel was definitely smitten with the older brother. Even when they were having a hard time, they still need each other.”
It was a photo of him and Cas at Gabriel’s event. Dean didn’t remember what he was talking about, but the expression on Cas’ face was priceless. The dentist was looking at him with all of his attention and he got that soft look on his face, as he got his blue eyes locked on Dean. There was a small smile on his face, that clearly was reserved for Dean. Maybe Charlie was right, he was The One Ring and Cas was Gollum.
. They didn’t even question my method, not even telling me anything had I done anything wrong or making them uneasy. They just accepted what I told them and made a collective complaints at the end of the day.”
"Dude, it's not like you can take people's life left and right."
with his tongue. There was a moment where Castiel had to bite his fist due to the arousal Mick gave him by pulling his mouth from the base of his cock to the tip in a slow torturous pace. Followed by running his tongue circling the head of Castiel’s penis, and gave another tease with the flat area of his tongue. It felt like he had no time to process what was given to his dick, and Mick had already bobbed his head again. The next moment Mick hollowed his cheeks to squeeze Castiel’s dick, before slowly running the tip of his tongue under the shaft.
“Great! You’re the best, Cassie! So, go back to your date and I’ll be waiting for your call later.”
Didn’t it sounded to … friendly? Too
“Jesus, are they in a rush or something?” mumbled Castiel and stepped on the gas pedal.
was that one show that guys actually love, only they were too proud to admit it.”
person as the one I slept with.”
Dean waved his hand, "Don't worry. I get it; it was Friday night and all. Anyway, don't take this as an offence, but you look
“Thank you, Doctor. Good night. Come on, Ben,” she stood up and took her boy outside to deal with payments.
Dean wrapped his arms around Cas’ waist lazily, as the angel was now standing between his legs. “That can be arranged, angel,” he replied as he brought Cas’ face closer for another kiss.
Dean stood up and towered over the desk before walking to the direction that was pointed. As he lay down on the chair, Castiel followed and sits on the small stool behind the head area while pressing the button that was used to recline the dentist chair.
“Cas?”
The baritone voice sent shivers right to the back of his neck, “Yeah, nothing. I’m, uh, watching Gabriel’s tricks.”
“Dean, do you know that Castiel means the shield of God, and by taking the ‘tiel’ away from his name, you practically claimed him as yours?”
Or on some unfortunate times, after bad sex.
“Thank you, Dean. What about one Dean Winchester? What can I know about him?”
"Yeah, I know."
Dean didn’t dare to look to Cas’ direction for the next few minutes, even when he felt the man next to him was shifting quietly. Until Dean felt Cas’ hot breath on his ear.
A new chapter! Seems like my updates getting slower each chapter, yeah? Terribly sorry about that, hopefully I can work faster now it's Hellatus season! XD
“Here, so I found this in the bathroom,” Dean returned from his shower with a laundry bag from one of the hotels he stayed at on his holidays. “You can put your dirty clothes here, Cas.”
“Dean.”
He looked up. Apparently he had followed the nurse, without really paying attention where they walked, and now he was standing just outside Castiel’s office, probably looking dumb since he was mostly vacant for the past few minutes.
Castiel cursed his mind for having that thought at this kind of time. But, when he took another look, he understood what his reflex tried to tell him. The man in leather jacket had a pair of eyes in the colour of his favourite drink, and they were so beautiful he could hardly took his eyes off them. And for the first time, Castiel could actually had a good look at that face. The cheekbones that could slice your flesh when you got too close, the freckles that were calling for Castiel to count them up close, the strong jaw covered in soft stubble, and the pout that complimented the face.
, that could work for him to save Cas.
The young doctor then realised he had been standing still for few seconds, and it started to raise a worry (or curiousity) on his nurse. “Yes, Meg. Thank you, I’ll take it from here.”
“You come here often, Dean?”
up yet?”
"What are those whisperings?"
Eileen’s mouth made an “o” shape as she heard Dean’s short lecture on Cas’ vessel. Then she smiled and said, “Cas had good eyes. Jimmy is a good looking man.”
“Castiel,” Dean answered, almost too quick.
Meanwhile, Dean waited for another ten minutes before he said good night to Rowena, and nicked the whiskey bottle that was still half full.
, instead her becoming my sister,” Dean response made Cas surprised for a second, before he chuckled.
become his life.
The shock was clearly shown on Chuck’s face when He heard the older Winchester’s statement. He still couldn’t believe, when He came up with the perfect plan to make the brother fight each other, to
"I have to smooth talk him to kick Cas out from there?"
“You’re still in good mood,” he teased.
“Why did you want to die that much? Because I didn’t stop you every time you walked away? Were you really that unhappy when you were with us? Were you
Dean shrugged, “Dean, please. I’d prefer that, honestly, with us more likely on the same age range,” he answered with a smile.
The big brother opened the boot of the Impala, there was a quick faint of change of expression on his face when he saw what was inside. It was from the sight of a ruffled duffle bag that looked like a tan trench coat at first glance. It was something that completely skipped his memory, apparently, since the brothers haven’t used that duffle bag in a while. He then continued to open the compartment under the boot that revealed a deadly arsenal for monsters of any kind. From shotguns, machete, grenade launcher, all that you could dream of.
Which reminded him, that it had been a while since he and Sammy visited Bobby and Ellen. How were they doing? Dean missed Ellen’s pecan pie, and cooking barbecue with Bobby, while arguing over football or basketball, or simply over how to grill the meat. Maybe he and Sam should pay them a visit, sometimes this weekend. Yes, he would ask Sam about that.
The Empty shrugged and made a face, "Don't know, don't care. Also, I'm almost on my limit now, Dean Winchester. If you don't tell me what you want here, I would really appreciate it if you just let me go back to sleep."
“You’re smitten, brother.”
Dean turned to Rowena with his eyebrows raised, "We'll discuss that later, okay?"
It probably was one of the most painful things, to say something that wasn't meant. To say lighter things, where there were obviously more to it.
For some time, Dean followed John’s words to work seriously at the workshop. However, he still worked at Ellen’s diner while learning about Business Management. Later, Bobby introduced Dean to one of his good friends, Pamela, who looked for a partner to open a bar. From there, Dean started to build his dream with the help of Bobby and Ellen, who insisted that they would help him financially at first. Dean also emphasised that he would pay them back every cent right after the bar worked well.
“Dean, they’re all the same,” Cas smiled.
Through his way home, Castiel couldn’t hold back a smile. The day might started slow at first, then Crowley came and gave him a surprising (and entertaining) news about his travel back to UK next week and made sure Castiel still up about babysitting Juliet. Then came the highlight of Castiel’s day, the videophone with Dean.
"Ugh, finally! Thanks, Cas," she opened the one that was closest to the fridge and took out two glasses. With a wiggle, she went around the kitchen island to sit across her friend and put both glasses down. Waiting for Castiel to pour down the liquor.
"Yeah," Dean replied softly and tried so hard to keep the smile on his face, even though he knew that it would be weaker with every second passed. "But I was too stupid not to realise it."
“Shut up, bitch.”
“Who cares what we call him? Look, all that matters is he got us back online,” Dean laughed, and it was evident in his eyes that he was proud of Jack, the son that he didn’t know he would have. With his brother and his best friend, to add to the bizarreness.
"Oh, right."
Hi guys, sorry if it took so long for the update! Hope you guys can forgive my laziness!
Both Dean and Cas were standing still in their position as they watched the human moose run to the bunker stairs, just like Dean did when he found out Cas was on the other side of the door. Next moment they knew, Sam hopped back down the stairs and smiled awkwardly as he turned to the car garage.
remember what Benny looks like. From what his poor alcohol-filled memory could tell him, Benny was a tall and buff man who probably had a southern accent, and there was also
“Charlie, you wanna sit up front?” Dean asked as the car rolled to the street.
Sam then looked so awkward, that could quickly raise suspicion to his big brother that he might or might not have an affair with the angel ages ago. He even could see the horror on Jack’s face.
Lucifer worked as a lawyer in New York City. Legend has it that he was fierce and ferocious, won almost every case that came to him and he was popular among the big names in the big Apple. Castiel didn’t actually want to know
Dean could feel the phone in his hand vibrated, and when he looked, it was a message from Ellen. They were
The drive to the airport never been longer.
Cas closed his eyes to absorbed the moment, while holding with all his might not to whine, or moan, or anything on that such.
“Yes, Cas. All me, at your service.”
Castiel got up from bed and climbed down the stairs to the main area of his apartment, with Misha on his feet, bouncing happily knowing that his meal time is near. With a hand ran through his chaotic dark hair, Castiel connected his phone to the speaker and had Queen’s
It hurt so much, Dean thought that would be the way he died.
"Ah, back to being cheeky now, are we?" Bela's comment made Dean chuckle, then she continued to Rowena, who waited patiently for her to present the ingredients bag. "Here are your ingredients, my Queen."
“Would that be alright, Dean?” Cas asked with a wide grin.
He turned to the bedside table — or something resembled it — next to the bed and found his phone there. He checked the time, eight in the morning and two unread text messages from the only woman he would give much affection lovingly. She asked where he was and if a breakfast meet-up is possible.
“Well, that served him right,” Dean said bitterly, “he was completely stripped off of his powers, right?”
. The main dude was already has a love interest from his childhood, but then there was another girl came and flirted with him. It was absurd if he fell for the new girl, just because she was flirty, right?”
“Jesus Christ! This is your view? This is your view
Jo never complained about Dean’s protectiveness, and Sam used to say that Jo had a crush on Dean. Which was ridiculous for Dean. It would be like
The man whom they asked for the third opinion was only stood there and looked at them both as if they sprouted another head from their shoulders. After a few seconds, Bobby shook his head and turned on his heels, leaving the boys with their fight. Little did the brothers knew, there was a smile on Bobby’s face as he walked out, how he missed having their ridiculous argument in his house.
“Yeah, Cas. Oh, Cas?”
“Well, I told him that I will have some free time before I have to pick up Gabriel and Claire at the airport, and I asked him to meet again. He said yes,” Castiel shrugged.
so fast at the same time. His Monday started with a text message from Balthazar that said Charlie was comparing him to Gollum, and Dean was The One Ring. He bursted out laughing in the middle of his morning run, causing some of other people passing by turned their heads to him curiously.
"Hey, don't be like that," Charlie hugged her best friend, "I know this might be hard for you at the moment, but maybe now you have even more reason to investigate him. You have to make sure that he's gonna be that man who's worthy for your sister."
"Of course you'd agree with him. You tell them then, I already told them my side of the story."
, when the bus made a stop to load/unload passengers. In less than twenty seconds the bus was full, and Castiel was standing next to an older woman who was holding on the handler. Clearly she was having trouble due to her height, and Castiel felt a bit sorry for her. Not long after, the bus made another stop to unload some of the passengers, and when Castiel turned around, he saw that one of the sitting people behind him hopped off when the bus made a halt at the bus stop, he turned to offer the woman next to him to sit on the vacant seat.
“How many hours did it need to finish?” Dean asked and read the packaging. It might slipped his own attention that his voice had gone softer when he addressed Cas this time. But it surely didn’t for Cas. “Do you remember what time we started  making  this, Cas?”
"Could be."
“Something feels funny on my teeth, I’m going to check it today,” answered Dean and took the newspaper from the edge of the coffee table before him, “and Balz recommended his ex’s practice, not far from here.”
“Um, maybe not,” he chuckled, “thank you, though.”
“Dean, my eyes are
dinner.
He’d be damned.
It also had a balcony, where Castiel usually use to have his breakfast or lunch on sunny weekends. Below the loft, next to the door, was dining area; kitchen and dining table for six. There was also a toilet on the other side of the room, disguised as a giant book shelf.
“Awesome. And …. Dmitri? That’s your real middle name?” when he received a shrug for his question, Dean continued, “How? Well, the Novak part sounded Eastern European or something, though.”
“Wise call,” Sam agreed. “I’ve called Charlie and Bobby, they have also returned, everyone from the alternate universe is still here. Bobby and Charlie said that they will help to find any info about The Empty.”
the Purgatory.
The smile on Cas’ face went wider as he heard Dean’s question that was accompanied with soft expression and a smile.
"Excellent," Charlie did a Mr Burns impression, then she looked at his friend, who was still smiling even though the sad look is still visible on his face. "Are you feeling better now, Cas?"
person he turned down this week. It was like Dean had lost the excitement of the hunt and flirting. Has he really grown up that much? Well, he owned his own bar
Something that Jess didn’t know. Oops?
. Do you want anything? A glass of water, Aspirin, a cup of tea?"
The question made Dean pulled back and looked into Cas’ big blue eyes. A smile that showed later on his face reflected that he found something on Cas’ face that amused him. Dean kissed Cas’ lips lightly before answered, “Okay, Cas,” another kiss. A deeper one.
"There was no Cas, Sammy. In my future, there was no Cas," Dean lifted up his face and smiled to his brother. "Cas didn't get buried in a Ma'lak Box. He actually died, The Empty took him. And I couldn't do anything to save him, Sam. I couldn't, I-I didn't do anything. I just sat there on the floor and watch him get taken. I was so
Dean chuckled when he heard the boy's suggestion, "That's a good idea, kid."
It took Dean five minutes to calm himself down before he realised what happened.
. A film about God, faith, and everything odd about it, with platypus as God’s sense of humour? I’d pick that anytime.”
"Yeah," Dean chuckled, "well, you remember when we went to the alternate universe to trap Lucifer? Turned out that the universe still has Michael. Long story short, the Michael and Lucifer showdown that was predicted years ago did
“What? How?”
The dinner finally happened!
that went so perfectly well with his widened eyes and gaped mouth, of course there was also the bright blush on his cheeks that could even be seen at night.
He sighed and looked up again to Cas, with his serious face to him, "Hey, I won't have you saying all those things to me and died on me. Not in this lifetime, get it?"
the look of someone’s being smitten. And you have
“Clearly, Claire, you shouldn’t judge someone by their
Monday night, Crowley dragged him to another dinner with Balthazar, said that it has been a while since the three of them catching up. Of course, Castiel found out that that was
“Great.”
“Of course,” Dean quickly responded, “thanks, Sammy.”
“Dean?”
“The stew!”
“I know!” (Dean almost jumped at Cas’ sudden squeal) “I used to think that it was one of the cheeky angels playing around with God’s creation, mix and match, here and there, and voila!”
In short, everybody meets.
"Oh, fuck," the tall man's voice had turned to a dramatic whisper.
“So, Bela, thank you for the invitations. That’s very nice of you,” Dean started, while they were waiting for a waiter to bring the menu.
“Uncle Cassie?”
“Sammy.”
use their charm and adorableness to get what they want. From an early age, Castiel learnt that his big blue eyes were a useful weapon of their own, and Abaddon could make head turns just by showing her smile.
Moving out meant that they had to find another stable income, however basic it would be. Thankfully, the lawyer helped the brothers preparing their documents on moving to their new home. It took them around six months to work on the documents and get some savings, which hopefully would be sufficient for them to pay for maintenance and groceries while looking for work at their new home.
to me when Mom died, Sammy, I said to him that everything that went wrong in everything we did was because of
“What are you doing here? Dammit, Crowley!”
"Milady," he handed one of the glasses to the woman sitting in front of him.
Both men, who were that close to be fridge magnets, were laughing in low voices. Cas circled his arms around Dean’s neck as he felt the other man bracketed him with his arms on the fridge. He also took a quick note that apparently Dean tend to have foul mouth when he was nervous. But he didn’t mind, somehow it was adorable.
The way both Dean and Charlie suddenly froze in their seat was unmistakable evidence that neither of them expected Castiel to throw a sharp and quick answer. Moreover, even Castiel himself was taken aback from his own response and looked down to his glass. The tension in the air suddenly became significantly thicker, that even a mere knife couldn't cut it.
Another reason that he was close to Gabriel because he’s the only one in the family who knew about his preferences. He didn’t even have the heart to tell Claire about this.
Neither of Eileen and Jack replied, they only blinked owlishly at Dean's answer, then looked at each other. Neither of them needed to say the words. Still, they were in mutual agreement that Dean and Castiel had gone through so much throughout their friendship or relationship, or whatever it is that they both were having.
Dean surely expected that from Sam, since he watched his little brother grew up with various stories, urban legend, and mythologies from all over the world. But Cas … Dean honestly thought Cas would be all academic, or the kind of literature person. He never thought as Cas to be on Sam’s area.
for you," Charlie slapped Castiel's arm. The air between them switched, as fast as turning your palm, from mellow to playful. "I started to think that the Lucifer situation was not as painful as you mentioned. Michael and your cousins are fantastic for standing up against him before. Also, Michaela is
And with that, Cas didn’t know how to continue. Should he be asking Dean to babysit Juliet with him instead? Would it be okay if he took Juliet to their dinner? She’s probably only a puppy anyway, how big can a
The two men were talking about possible salad recipes that they can make for dinner through the elevator ride and the walk to Dean’s car.
Dean didn’t realised that he and Cas had stared at each other a little too long, until Sam let out an awkward cough.
Castiel took out the earpods and sighed, “No, I didn’t, because I believe you both are mature enough to solve this car thing among yourselves.”
He hadn’t even opened his eyes yet when he felt a poke on the side of his face, a furry poke. That was the cue for him to open his eyes, and receive another poke on the tip of his nose.
After five minutes or so, the analysis about
Dean was still looking around Cas’ bedroom when the other man had let his hand go and search into the bathroom, and started to open the cabinet doors and calling the kitten’s name.
Dean turned the lamps off and opened the curtain a little, so there was light cracking in from outside. As he walked to his bed, Dean could feel his heart drumming wildly in his chest, especially when he saw Cas sat on his bed. Waited for Dean to join him.
the real reason when Balthazar and Crowley spend almost half of the night exchanging notes about Cas with Dean.
“Oh, yeah, um … I,” Castiel pulled his drawer, then looked to the pile of papers and notes on his desk, before finding what he was looking for inside the bottom drawer, “I can’t work on them tonight, but if you want I can set a time for you to have them fixed.”
Based on the stories they had shared, Sam and Charlie were as close as it get for him to a family. And Cas was very grateful that he had the chance to spend dinner with them.
“Damn, you really should have a cooking session with Sammy,” Dean sighed in defeat as Cas put
There was a comforting jolt in Cas’ chest as he heard Dean’s statement. “You really mean it? You want me to stay?”
“Oh, Meg and Naomi told me. A bit jealous that Naomi, I think she fancied you, Castiel,” Crowley took a light sip of his drink, iced lemon tea. “She didn’t
“Oh, yes,” this time Castiel was ready with his most charming look. He smiled sweetly to her, and there was a tick of pride when he saw the lady’s face softened to a smile. “Can I have the standard pancake, please, with extra butter?”
are the big blue eyes that would work on me.”
“You spoilt brat,” Castiel said lovingly.
For the second time in the past ten minutes, Castiel revised his oath; he will never take the public transportation during morning rush hour on weekdays anymore in the future.
now. We're free to write
“Honestly, I don’t know how to tell you. We didn’t part at a good term, you know?”
“No, the trailer had scared me and I think that should be enough,” Cas folded his knees tighter to his chest. The air was cooler that he thought, even when it’s almost summer. He decided to call Dean from his balcony while Gabriel and Claire was watching a rerun of
Dean placed his chin on the heel of his palm, then leaned his elbow to the table. “He’s having his brother and niece over. Not sure they’ll like it if I’m bothering him.”
“Cas, drop it. That’s okay. I am sorry if I was too hard on you on this. It’s not your fault, I was overthinking it or was getting too excited and completely unprepared for any sudden change,” Dean explained himself to Cas in one take of breath, then after an appropriate pause he continued, “I
The blonde girl cleared her throat before continuing, “I could swear I was expecting this would be a full-on rock and roll bar with people in leather and chains, and-”
A soft bark from a massive ball of fur suddenly filled the room, then on the next second, the creature jumped to bed and greeted the human that was still sleepy in his position. The man instantly wrapped the dog in an embracing hug. He swayed him, like someone who missed his dog dearly after years of being separated. There was a desperation and longing in his gestures while wrapping the pup in his arms.
“But this, after everything that I've done to you, to die at the hands of Sam Winchester, of Dean Winchester, the ultimate
what he was feeling? Didn’t he just met him? The blue-eyed man, not Balthazar. It had been a while since Dean knew that he can
Dean put out a generous amount of lube to his hand and fingers before he started opening Cas. He inserted the first finger and was rewarded by Castiel's husky moan filling up Dean's ears, it was beautiful. To ensure that Castiel would relax, Dean showered the other man's stomach with kisses while whispering praises to him.
“Cool. Thanks, Dean,” Alex led the younger girls to go with her following Dean to their table.
“Turn around,” Mick purred on Castiel’s ear while he took out the sachet lubricant from his pocket. As he saw his bottom turned around and flaunted his gorgeous globes, Mick landed a soft slap on each cheek. He then poured a generous amount of lube into his hand, and then the rest went to Castiel’s hole. While he prepared Castiel with his fingers, Mish placed kisses on the other man’s back, all along the spine up to the neck. He then stopped on the shoulder blades before biting the spot where Castiel’s shoulder met the neck. Again, he managed to make Castiel release a filthy moan from his mouth.
Dean smiled, “No, no. See, Claire’s father, Jimmy Novak,
“Wait, Dean, is-is everything-“
He knew that Charlie would say this, she had been playfully teasing Castiel how gorgeous Abaddon is, and she would love it if Castiel gives them a blessing to be lovers. Of course, Castiel couldn’t do that, since he knew Abaddon is straight, and Charlie understood it. She still threw a light joke here and there, and even Abaddon knew that Charlie has a crush on her. However, the three of them had an understanding that their friendship is way too precious than any love-related interferences.
at night? It sounded like some awful teenager horror series or whatever, right?” Dean leaned his back on the counter just next to the stove, telling his stories to the other man, who was stirring the pasta in the wok.
The young teacher was sitting on his working desk, checking on his pupils’ tests, his eyebrows occasionally rose reading the answers (and cheeky notes from female students, and some males). On the tenth paper, he put them down and ran a finger on his phone to show the time. It’s still four hours to the time, but Dean was excited beyond understanding, and he didn’t know why. Could it be the out of the anticipation that he will see a certain pair of blue eyes and an adorable face that came with.
The man before Cas was about to turned around when Cas decided to be bold and caught Dean’s shirt collar and crashed his lips to Dean’s. The kiss was even rougher this time with tongue and teeth took part in exploring each other’s mouths. Once again Cas was pushed back to the fridge and he felt Dean fisted the back of his hair.
Dean didn’t realised he was rubbing Cas’ back to comfort him, until Juliet turned to look at him, asking to be pet. Again.
He wondered if Charlie was still interested in going with him. Castiel asked Charlie to go with him as his plus one, given the circumstances that she already knew Abaddon and Balthazar really well, and had met with Gabriel once. At least she knew more people, besides Castiel, on that weekend. Moreover, by having Charlie there would mean extra support for Castiel, especially with his father
"Then I made myself the soul bomb," Crowley took the turn, "I assumed that Billie was having Jack's soul prepared. When Jack exploded, he was a huge ball of light that practically awoken almost everyone at The Empty."
On the other hand, his prayer chant might be
“Good God. I
“Dean, what is that? Dean?
"This is
“Yeah,” Castiel smiled and leant back on the cushion, “maybe if I’m tired or bored of my work, and Charlie’s unavailable, I might call you and join you.”
“Oh, come on.”
It was awkward.
It was quite tricky to do all that without creating many movements, so Misha the black cat could still sleep peacefully on his chest, and Romeo, the Siberian Husky, could snuggle next to him.
"What? How did that happen?"
“Well, I was to because Gabriel started to ask funny questions,” the dentist looked sideways to his big brother, “but now you called, I can distract myself from him through this phone call.”
“What?” Castiel asked, unintentionally coy.
“And the kids?”
are you here? You're human."
”So … that’s a brief story about my siblings, Dean,” instead Cas ended his story with a shrug.
Food was one thing that attracted him to this humble place, he also enjoyed the unknown companion of his surroundings. Watched them interact with each other, or listened to the conversations, whether he intended to or not.
wasn't the man Castiel sleeping with, right? Why did he take care of him
“You alright, brother?”
Both Sam and Dean looked at Jack, then at each other.
"Cas," Dean let out a relieved sigh when he heard Cas spoke, that confirmed that The Empty was honest with his words. Dean moved forward and embraced Castiel in a hug. Completely ignorant of the look in The Empty and Crowley's eyes on them.
“Yeah. Yeah, I guess so,” Dean ran a hand on the back of his head to hide his embarrassment. “So, anyway, I've called Garth, Donna, Jesse and Cesar, they were all alive and well. I’ve asked Garth and Donna if they’ve heard something about crossing to The Empty, and they said that they’d contact us if they did. I didn’t ask Jesse and Cesar. I don't want to disturb their happy lives.”
“Hey, Cas. Are you at the airport yet?” Dean smiled at the slight excitement on Cas’ voice when he answered the phone.
"So, yeah. I'm sorry if this mission is a bit selfish on my side, guys. I want to rescue Cas so I can tell him that it wasn't one-sided."
“I want you,” the talled man confessed, while cupping Cas’ face and kissed him chastely, “but I can’t tonight. I honestly didn’t intended to make you stay before, or anything more than that.”
The light answer made Dean groaned silently and bent down to press his head on the desk. It wasn’t a video-call, but Dean would bet his paperworks, that across the line Cas’ frowny face just beamed bright when he said that. It didn’t exactly heard in his voice, but Dean was sure that the smile was wide.
,” Benny leaned his back on the chair again in satisfaction. “Exchanging text every now and then won’t distract him, will it? Or are you planning on calling him every hour, just because you’re not with him?”
“Sure will, Dean. Yeah, I think I wouldn’t mind coming here every now and then,” continued Alex while looking around with amazement in her eyes.
The day seemed to take its time crawling from daytime to afternoon, to the hour where Dean supposed to meet the dentist, Castiel, for a follow up for his dental treatment.
Castiel could felt his lower jaw fell hard to his chest.
“Cassie!”
He started to track back his path. He remembered finishing work at home, then got ready for his night out with Balthazar and Charlie. They did several shots, and other drinks for Castiel, since some people sent him several glasses of liquors.
“That’s okay, Dean. I’m sorry if I made you worried and, uh, glad you made it home safely as well.”
The smirk disappeared and replaced by a pout, “
The story made Castiel smile, and he felt a warmth inside his chest. It was clear why Dean was so proud of his little brother. They started out life in an unfortunate situation, then with the help of people who love them and from their strong will, the Winchester brothers managed to create a stable situation for them.
Hello, Dean. Yes, I’m home and you are right. It is quiet here now Gabriel and Claire is gone.
While the other three were arguing about the importance of seat belt in a car and how the Impala had survived any fines and accidents even without it, Dean’s mind wandered on its own to a certain man with dark hair, blue eyes, and sheepish smile.
conversations?
"Don't worry about it, Uncle Cassie. Balthazar and Charlie were great companions, I had a good time," this time the girl smiled and made Castiel proud of her maturity. "Besides, you looked like you could hardly be separated from Dean. I was afraid we had to
Welcome to Charles Shurley's lake house, and let's meet the family.
Hope you enjoy the new chapters! <3 <3
The question caught Cas off guard. Yes, he would love to have an intimate dinner with Dean at his place, but on the other hand, seeing how friendly and good Sam and Charlie were to him, it could be even better with both of them joining their dinner, right? “Dean, I don’t mind Sam and Charlie joining us. It could be even merrier.”
“Way to go,” he grinned to Jack, who was waiting by the car across from where he and Sam stood, “way to go.”
And he might need a mouthwash before the dentist sees his mouth.
It was a long day for everyone. After each one of them finished teasing Dean with Castiel, Rowena called the newly human for a quick examination in the ward. Dean helped with a temporary wardrobe because he was sure that Cas would need the shower and refreshments. He left Cas with Rowena, so it wouldn't be awkward, and joined the rest of the gang for some talk about what happened in The Empty.
“Who made this shit? It’s hillarious!” he shook his head.
Dean sighed, "Well, he went there in an almost-died state. He had his grace taken out to the point that he was dying, and it brought him instantly to The Empty. Then we simply put his grace back to return him."
Dean didn't wait long after releasing Cas from the pyjama pants and had Cas' full length inside his mouth. He bobbed his head several times before he pulled his mouth off Cas' shaft, and made sure that the former angel would hear the wet popping sound he made.
Castiel suddenly had an uneasy feeling about that confession.
Dean saw Cas' eyes were filled with raw lust and passion, then he grabbed Cas hips before the man moved again above him. "Oh fuck, Cas, you feel so good."
Dean was still in awe of Castiel’s muscle movements behind his forest green t-shirt when the dentist took off his jacket, he didn’t realised that Castiel had called his name several times.
"So, you're looking for Benny?"
“I, uh, I’ll show you to your room.”
"Wait, you're Death now?" Cas turned to Crowley in disbelief, "How?"
On the other hand, Cas was grateful that Dean didn’t brought up the topic of their first awkward kiss. Just after he had that thought, Cas saw Dean walked out with two glasses in his hands and a smile on his face.
"Don't worry, Cassie, with Luci as her father and us as her uncles, and Sammy as her sort-of brother, she'll put a good distance with the need of having a boyfriend for now," Gabriel tapped his little brother's shoulder.
He blinked when he met the colour. He knew those green orbs. He knew those particular green orbs, and who owned them. He would recognise them out of anyone in the world, he would … love to meet the owner.
that you liked the best?"
“Dean?”
Then he found one.
Dean blinked twice to reminded himself that he was in the car with his brother.
After his desk was decent enough to be left for the night, Castiel wore his leather jacket and slung his postman bag over his shoulder before putting on the gloves and took his helmet from top of the cabinet. He walked to the front desk and tapped the desk twice to get his secretary’s attention from the Korean drama she was watching.
What's up, boy?" the sharp jerk on one of the leashes in his hand broke Castiel's train of thought on how he ended up with his furry babies. He turned to see what made one of his two boys make the sudden stop, that, of course, was followed by the other one.
"Before you and Cas came, Chuck used that watch for me to see the future, and that was why I couldn't smash the ball to kill Chuck," Sam answered and looked away from the watch in front of him.
“What? What made you …? How could you have …? How are we related, again?”
“Yes. Thank you, Dean.”
“Traitor,” Dean mumbled.
still and didn’t move any further and claimed Castiel’s lips.
Finally, a physical contact!
It was a fight that he and his brother would be familiar with; the dodging, the attacks, the swing of the machete to the head. In a short time, both of them had each downed two vamp-mimes, with two left to fight. Which should be like a walk in the park.
"Dude, your face is clearly more honest than your words," Sam debunked Dean's story, "there's no way that was the
As he walked out from the canteen, Castiel stopped to meet the yellow kitten with blue eyes he saw on the very same day he saw the blond. “Hello, you. Not having trouble finding food today, I hope?”
wanna know?” Castiel replied lazily.
Balthazar loved Castiel, as he had always said, but he’s not ready to set it down in stone. Or ring in this matter. And it upset Castiel so very much, he had to take a retreat from his daily life and work at a bee farm for a year.
“Oh,” Cas let Misha jumped off his arm, “of course, Dean. I, um, I’ll get my stuffs. Juliet’s stuffs, I mean.”
After few silent moments, Dean continued while turning to the man next to him, “I wouldn’t mind even if it was planned, you know. I had a good time.”
“Oh,” Cas blinked owlishly at the answer.
came across Dean’s mind to put it on his bucket list or any list of possibilities that could happen in his life. But having Rowena - the Mother of Crowley of all people! - to hugged and consoled him over the death of a man he loved? Even one Dean Winchester could never saw that coming. He didn’t even know that Rowena still had that much of maternal side in her, that she decided to unleash to Dean at this very moment.
“Okay, uh, what is your problem, Mr. Winchester?” after he was sure that he had had reasonable amount of colour on his face, Castiel lifts his face up to meet the green spheres again.
Both Dean and Castiel jumped and turn to see who was so excited for finding them out here. It was Sam. He stalked to where Dean and Cas were standing and talking.
“Okay. When I was little, my family went to the beach and Gabriel took me for a walk. He was so excited and run around on the beach, jumped to the water and splashing about. I was having my own good time seeing my big brother on the sea, but I didn’t have the courage to join him.”
"Glad you like it, Dean. I picked it especially for you, I heard you had a thing for someone's brunette and wearing a trench coat. Unfortunately, I don't have blue eyes," Bela walked closer to Dean in a flirtatious way.
Dean looked to his own reflection on the rear view mirror. His hair looked fine. Good.
“Up to you, Sammy. It would only be cooking and talking,” Dean shrugged, covering up his nervousness. “You don’t have any plan with Jess?
Samuel laughed at his brother’s comment on the colleague, “Awww … someone’s got a crush.”
A smile showed on Dean's face when he heard the other man's answer, what he didn't hear was the under the breath swearing from Castiel when Dean's smile was showing. "Same, Cas. Your stories are interesting and exciting, it was also really amusing seeing you telling stories about things that you're passionate about. Although I should realise that some of your stories matched Abaddon's."
“Uh, I don’t know. Around fifteen to twenty?”
, as if the gods were in an excellent mood when they created them. The lips were undoubtedly pleasurable - full, soft, and irresistible. Oh, how he
It probably wasn’t the perfect kiss, since he hardly did anything to return it. Instead, he was standing there with his mouth opening and closing, which made him sure that a ten-year-old might have a better experience of kissing than him tonight.
He didn't expect Dean to say that. All Cas knew Dean would lose one of his family members when he died, but he didn't know that it affected Dean that much. "Okay, Dean. I'm sorry."
As if on cue, right after he said that, a waiter came and Dean quickly gave him a sign that he would like a table in the balcony. The young man before him nodded silently and led him upstairs.
Dean learnt that the future might not be very bright, and utterly lonely, for him.
When the man before him tilted his head to one side and looking up while rolling back his memory, Dean felt like he was doing all the right things to have Castiel opened up.
years ago."
"Right," Dean quickly returned his attention to his glass. There was an uneasy feeling inside his chest as he heard Castiel's reply, and he probably knew
Some students helped him tidying up the hall, then said goodbye to him. After he gave them a quick wave, Dean went to get his phone, and he could feel his face flushed real fast when looking at the screen.
“Wow, two older brothers? I hardly managed my temper with one. So, they all named after angels like you?”
"Dean-"
"You can open your eyes now."
"Oh, come on, Dean," Bela answered, "it's been ages. More than a decade, even."
"Oh, one thing," Dean jumped in when Rowena had finished her story, "Crowley, what did you do when The Empty was about to attack us? What was that 'haggis' thing you did?"
“Really? I was sure I had told you this before.”
"Yeah. yeah, I think about them too."
The fight got on menacingly until at one point the big brother was thrown by the larger vampire, and at the same time, his little brother managed to behead the other one. He tried to found his standing before returning in the fight, ran towards the vampire in means to push him down.
“What? You hungry?” the human cackled when he saw his little animal blinked slowly to the question, “Okay, I’m up. Let’s have breakfast.”
“Hearing that you would help is great already, Garth.”
at all."
“Oh, right! Hang on,” Cas jumped from his seat and beelined to his bag to pull his tablet out. He leaned on the kitchen table while searching for the recipe for green curry on his favourite cooking site. “Hello, Dean?”
Luckily for Dean, the meeting finished before he fell asleep for the third time on his chair. It was one hour early that what he expected, and with him not having classes to teach to afterwards, Dean still have some time to grab a quick meal at the canteen before he got his teeth checked. If it still opened, of course.
I thought you looked familiar!"
“Since when you made the decision on inviting people here?” Dean jumped in, while finishing the curry. “By the way, she’s right, Cas. If you want, we can invite Gabriel over when he’s here.”
The innocence of the question made Dean chuckled, “Come on, Cas, we’re in a place where
“Sure, Dean.”
Hi guys!
“No, no, you were looking for Misha, and you found him, you held him. But you weren’t sneezing. I thought you were allergic to cats?”
? You could speak Russian?”
Abaddon smiled widely when she saw Charlie walk towards them, "Charlie, I didn't know you were there!"
Where are they now, actually?
Dean raised his voice to distract everyone in the room from Sam's story. Then he continued telling Cas of the plan they had to make him half-dying as a human, instead of a demon, because of what Billie said as well.
