"Oops is right, metal dick!" Peter sprung to life, body slamming Tony and sending him tumbling across the room. His jet boots ignited before he hit the wall, and he proceeded to fly straight for Peter. Peter jumped to the side and made a run for it, only to be hit in the chest with Captain America's shield.
Kraven considered it for a moment, "I will allow you to take the pictures. Do with him what you will. But keep him alive. I need him for later."
Steve wandered around the compound, dressed in his Captain America uniform, shield slung over his back. Natasha had told him about how Tony had yelled at Peter the night before, and he was planning on having some words with his fellow Avenger. He didn't know what was up with Tony, but it needed to stop. Right now. He poked his head into Tony's lab, expecting to find his boyfriend. Instead, he found Peter. The younger Avenger was in jeans and a dirty tank top, with motor oil smudged on his cheek and forehead. He was hunched over a work bench, messing with...well, Steve really wasn't sure what he was doing. Just that he was building something that was mostly made of wires. The odd machine made a strange whirring noise that made Steve uneasy.
Now I'm off to the airport. Next chapter will be up by Saturday! Thank you for reading!
Steve's neck was starting to ache, so he turned his attention to Bucky, who happily posed for him. Although, Steve's eyes kept straying back to Iron Man.
"What did they say about me, exactly?" Spider-man opened one of his lenses wider than the other. Clint was giggling in the corner. "Nevermind, I don't want to know."
"Go home, Spider-man. Or else..." The Vulture grabbed the closest student in his talons and shot up into the sky. "You'll have this girl's death on your hands!" The girl kicked and screamed, blindly throwing punches at the metal claws.
The other photo was taken at his high school graduation. The Avengers were swarmed around him, making faces at the camera and throwing their arms around each other. They had gotten a stranger to take the picture so that they could drag Happy into it. Happy looked less than Happy to be there. They were all dressed 'undercover'. Although, Steve's idea of undercover was wearing a baseball cap and sunglasses. The others had similar ideas.
Tony held his gaze for another minute before leaving the room. The armor remained, and Steve could've sworn it was glaring at him.
"You're heavy, get off," Steve pressed his hands up against the breastplate, but the robot still didn't budge.
"Sorry guys, Avengers emergency." Peter shut his laptop before his friends could say goodbye. He shoved it into a backpack along with his Spidey suit and a few other things. He took one last look around his room, then jumped out the window and raced across the lawn to the landing pad.
"They were in my way," the intruder shrugged. "I assure you I mean them no ill will."
Peter felt his heart skip a beat.
"Hey, I thought you were-"
"No...I think everything's good," Peter said around a mouthful of food.
"It went," Steve nodded slowly as he scanned the area. The living room was decked out in Christmas decorations, complete with a very large, overly adorned tree by the window. That wasn't there when he left a few days ago.
"The hell?!" Bucky stumbled back. "What the fuck are you?!"
"Okay. First, rude," Tony took a deep breath. "Second, Peter is almost 18. Sometimes he lives here, sometimes he lives at the tower, sometimes he stays with Ned, a buddy of his. Peter does his own thing. He'll show up somewhere eventually."
"Sorry, that's just too good," Tony snickered. "How's Karen?"
"Does anyone else know?" Bruce handed the paper back to him.
"Never. Ever. Call me that. Ever again." Happy spoke through gritted teeth. Of course, Happy cared about Peter. But did he like him? Not particularly. Especially whenever the kid opened his mouth. Happy carried a roll of duct tape with him, just in case he ever needed to shut Peter's mouth with something. Thankfully, that was yet to happen.
Steve glanced up when he heard the door open. Tony strode into his office, looking less than happy. "Um...hi?" Steve blinked. No one ever came into Steve's office. The team understood that Steve liked to keep this particular room as professional as possible, so they kept their distance.
"Ask him yourself."
"Did you?"
"I was just asking," Steve turned back around in his seat.
That was when something inside Tony snapped. Something deep, deep inside him. The safety of the Avengers? What about his safety? Of course, his safety didn't matter. No wonder they hadn't come for him. Did they know he was here? Were they letting him suffer on purpose? To teach him a lesson about
"You really get around, Tony," Steve teased, earning him a kick in the shin. "Does Peter know?"
"The fuck does that mean?!" Clint's expression quickly shifted from confusion to rage.
"Yeah. He speaks Spanish."
"Look at me, Pepper!" Tony jumped to his feet, arms outstretched. "Half of my body is a machine! One of my eyes sees the world in shades of blue code! I am most definitely a robot!" He ripped the facial prosthetic off and flung it across the room. Pepper flinched at the sight of his actual face and tried to look away, but Tony yelled, "LOOK AT ME, PEPPER." Pepper forced herself to do as he said. Part of his jaw, his entire cheek, and eye socket was replaced with metal plates. Bits of rubber and wire snaked their way between the plates. Angry scar tissue covered the area where flesh met metal. Tony still managed to keep his facial hair in check, despite everything. Pepper tried to focus on that instead of the machinery.
The Avenger smiled at that, "you're a tough kid. But Stark can't protect you forever. Not like he was doing a very good job of it in the first place."
Days turned into weeks.
It was during this time that Tony noticed Steve was looking at him like he used to. The anger, the pity, the betrayal, all the looks Tony had grown used to receiving ever since taking off his helmet. None of those were present. Steve was looking at him as if that had never happened. Looking at Tony as if he were the most wonderful thing in the world. His gaze soft, a half smile on his lips. Tony allowed himself a small smile. Because for the first time in almost four months, he felt as though everything was going to be okay.
Steve did as she instructed. Venom broke free the moment he returned. Steve lunged for Venom, and after a brief tussle, both adults were able to wrestle the symbiote to the ground. Steve plunged the syringe into Peter's neck. Venom let out a blood-curdling scream. Black tendrils shot out of his body, throwing the Avengers in opposite directions. Venom stumbled to his feet. The black goo on Peter's body became unstable. Large quantities splatted on the ground, while the tendrils danced around his body, trying to latch back onto him. His entire form was still covered in the dark paste. For a moment, a bit of red from the Spider-man suit was visible. But only for a moment. The elder Avengers tried to get closer to him once more, but the tendrils kept them at bay.
"You better," Clint grabbed him by the collar and lifted him off his feet. "Because I'm about to beat your ass, Stark."
Steve leaned over the fallen bot. "Its...empty?"
Tony took a deep breath, "your father was a very skilled scientist. He and I worked on something called the 'Venom Project'." He stopped walking, casting a quick glance over his shoulder at Peter. The teen stared back at him, his face not revealing anything. Tony looked away and continued, "the 'Venom' as your father called it, was meant to be a weapon for SHIELD. The project turned out to be too risky. SHIELD shut it down, and that was supposed to be the end of it."
"Hey! Put him down!" Rhodey pushed his way into the crowd. Clint let go of Tony but didn't step away. "Give him room, Jesus!" Tony found himself pinned between the wall and Rhodey, who was acting as a human shield. Natasha was still directly to his left, practically breathing down his neck. Tony shivered. "He has his reasons. Back off and he'll explain."
"I'm not depressed."
, were after Tony." Clint pointed out. "Why?"
"Told us where you all were hiding. He's been a huge help to us." Fury said calmly.
"Calm down, I wasn't going to hurt him," Tony backed away with his hands raised.
"Yeah, cause all his flirtation is directed at you," Bucky smirked. Steve's face turned bright red and he tried to defend himself but stumbled over his words.
"Oh." Clint flopped back onto the couch, turning his attention back to the TV.
Peter's entire body jerked. He would've fallen over it Doctor Stange hadn't grabbed him by the shoulder. Peter started to tremble as if he were having a seizure.
"Going to stay awake this time?" Kraven stepped towards him and shined a light in his eyes. Peter hissed and pulled away. "Eyes look normal. Good. Glad I didn't completely fry your brains out."
Bucky tilted his head, "you upgraded your eye." It was no longer a plane glowing orb, there were thin rings within it, resembling a pupil and iris. There were other shapes in it as well, tiny squares and circles that spun around the iris.
Natasha snapped her mouth shut and exed out of the document, not wanting to read any more of it.
"Please work with me, Anthony."
"I do right now. But that could change in the next ten minutes."
"Okay, okay, we'll fix it, just hang on."
Natasha sat alone on the couch, her feet tucked under her. A blanket was wrapped around her shoulders, providing her with a warmth that her nightgown could not. It was quiet. Quiet was a term not often associated with the Avengers. And certainly not the home of said people. Their home was a place where everyone could be themselves. Many of the members had quite a bit of energy, and a lot to say to one another. Or a lot of yelling to do at one another. Depending on the time of day. Overall, the Avengers were a loud, rambunctious mess of a family and the quiet Natasha was experiencing made her uneasy. A few months ago, she would have enjoyed such peace. Not anymore.
Thor hurried out of the room, a big smile on his face. Steve was hesitant about leaving Iron Man, Clint, and Bucky alone in a room together. Someone needed to let Sam and Nat know it was a time for game night, so Steve decided to take his chances and left the three to their own devices.
"Busy with what, exactly?" Rhodey asked.
Wanda frowned. "Let's move things, along..." She snapped her fingers, sparks flying from the tips. Pointing her fingers at the far wall she snapped them again, sending the sparks shooting right at it.
"FUCK!!" Tony flung his phone at the wall. A moment later it beeped with a new message. Tony hesitated before opening the text. The message showed an image of Spider-man's mask, torn, bloodied and covered with dirt. The left lens was completely shattered. The text under the photo read, 'all I want is the Venom. You have five hours. If I don't get it when time is up, then Queens can say goodbye to their friendly neighborhood Spider-man'
"I just said I was a cyborg."
Bucky snorted. "Maybe you should stop trying to fly with your shoes on."
Steve narrowed his eyes at the photo. More specifically at the jagged cut in Iron Man's forearm. There was red seeping out from the broken metal. The red was darker than the paint on his armor. Steve sudden felt sick and had to turn the page.
"Is he mad?" Peter asked, kicking a snowbank on the sidewalk.
"That's okay, I got this!" Spider-man answered. "Oh shit, maybe not..."
After a few hours, Tony gave into his hunger and ate his now cold breakfast. He was surprised he was able to keep any of it down and chalked it up to seeing Peter alive and well. Was he well? Tony stopped mid chew to think about it. The mask hid Peter's expression, so there was no telling if he was in pain or not. He didn't sound like he was. Was the burn on his chest healing alright? Tony forced himself to swallow his food. The image of fabric melted onto Peter's skin and the dark crimson that soaked the front of his torso was called back to the front of his mind. Tony dumped his remaining food into the toilet.
Michelle dropped the gun and rushed over. "Are you okay?!" Her hand brushed over his back.
"Tony! Do you have Peter?!" Steve ran over to him. Iron Man was clearly holding something in his arms, but he kept his back to them. Tony didn't say anything, he just hurried inside. Several nurses rushed to meet him, taking the figure from his arms and carting him away on a hospital bed. Tony hurried after them, not wanting to leave his son.
Spider-man put the jet on autopilot and went over to his team. He pulled up a holographic map of Queens on the table in the middle of the jet. He explained what he needed each of the Avengers to do in great detail. "Understand?" He waved his hand, dismissing the map.
"I have nothing else to wear." Peter shrugged.
The first drops of rain had just begun to fall when the team stumbled upon a small grouping of cabins. The rain left a slight burning feeling that Clint commented on, but no one had an answer for. The cabins looked positively ancient, with most of them falling apart and vines winding up the bricks. Bruce went to the nearest one and rang the doorbell.
Peter nodded slowly, not taking his eyes off the man's bright green eyes. His spider sense was tingling. Joe set the hot dog in the window and Peter instantly snatched it up. "Well, it was nice, um, seeing you again. But I have old ladies to help across the street. Bye!" Peter hurried off.
"Your reactor's failing."
Bucky moved over to the other couch and lay down on his back, one leg thrown over the back of the couch and one hand behind his head. "How's this?"
Peter was in too much shock to form words so Tony answered for him, "it has. But never this bad."
The enemy bot clawed at the hole in Iron Man's faceplate, screaming, "SHOW ME YOUR FACE, YOU COWARD!"
"You could've talked to him. Before it got to that point. Hell, you're Captain America! If anyone has a chance of fighting against Iron Man and winning, it's you!"
Peter nodded, "it's good to be back. I missed this borrow."
Spider-man nodded slowly. "Oh...ok...um...who am I?"
"Actually, Clint is the one who came through here and knocked everything over. Little shit." Not finding what he wanted, Iron Man kicked the box under the workbench. He marched over to a larger box and flipped open the lid. The bot didn't usually make much noise when he walked, other than the soft whirring of his joints. But right now he was storming around the garage, metal feet clanging on the concrete, and his joints practically screaming. Steve wondered if he was being loud on purpose, or if he needed to oil his joints.
"FRIDAY, ready the Hulk buster! I have Banner in my sights!" Tony ordered.
"It's okay if you're gay, we still love you," Tony ruffled Peter's hair.
"Fury thinks all my actions were influenced by you guys. So I'm not being held accountable. This is the one time I am perfectly fine with being treated like a kid," Spider-man went over to the nearest cell, which happened to be Steve's. He examined the force field at a distance, not wanting to look too suspicious on the cameras. "I took out their audio, by the way. We have two minutes left before they get it back online."
"Karen just gave me Hulk's location! He's in the training room! I'm going to attack from behind!" Spider-man called. Iron Man looked over his shoulder just in time to see the web slinger slip out the window.
"Don't look at my phone!" Peter covered the screen with his hand.
"I wasn't scared of you. I was afraid that telling you would ruin our relationship."
"You knew!" Bruce repeated, "you said it yourself in the workshop last week! You'd seen his face!"
"Of course I do! But that doesn't mean he'll want to see me," Tony's hands were shaking. "He hates me. You'll ruin his Christmas by telling him you found me."
Peter demanded.
"Peter turns twenty next month. I'm sure Tony has a big party planned at the compound. Booze will most likely be involved. Everyone's guards will be down."
"No fucking way, Bruce wouldn't..." Sam stumbled over his words, "he's a good guy, Bruce wouldn't..."
"Peter's hurt bad...hurt real bad..." Tony whispered. He looked over at his suit. Blood dripped from the metal torso. Peter's blood. "I think I'm gonna be sick."
"Don't call me that," Iron Man spat.
Bucky listened intently while looking at Tony's leg sadly. "I'm sorry."
"You're used to experiments, aren't you?" Kraven said suddenly. "The scars on your body are too neat to be anything else." He nodded to Peter's forearms. Most of his costume was in shreds after the hours of torture Osborn had inflicted on him. "Osborn told me that was how you got your powers. You're a lab rat. An escaped lab rat. I have to admit, knowing you are not a natural occurrence in this world makes my hunt a little less interesting."
"You and me both, buddy," Peter switched off his phone. "Want to go mess with Clint?"
"She's good. Says she missed us."
Nothing but the depleting power levels of his armor, of course.
Toomes nodded slowly. "Don't stay out here too long, you'll catch a cold." He pat Peter on the head, then got to his feet and stretched. "We need to get you some actual clothes. You can't wear that costume forever. That's a project for another day, though. Goodnight, Pete." Adrian waved before walking back inside.
Otto glared at Spider-man until he was out of sight.
"TELL ME WHERE MY SON IS!!" Tony roared, the repulsor glowing.
(See the end of the chapter for
"I just want to make sure Ned's alright."
I'll be out of town on family business this week, so it might be a hot second before chapter 10 is uploaded. But It will be up before Saturday, I promise!
"Subdue? So that thing is still out there somewhere?" Steve stopped in his tracks.
The infant yawned, his eyes fluttering open.
"We talked?" Tony said.
Spider-man stopped and looked back at his family. Steve and Tony were leaning against one another for support. Rhodey was next to Tony, checking on his injuries. Natasha was lying out on her back, coughing violently due to breathing in too much smoke. Clint kneeled over her, blood dripping from a gash in his forehead. Sam was on his hands and knees, spitting blood. The Vision floated in the middle of the group, staring at Peter with mixed emotions. Peter looked back at the building. The fire had finally died down. White smoke pumped out of the windows.
Iron Man nodded once. Steve cleared his throat. "Are you going to be alright?"
Steve made a noise of disbelief. "You can rebuild whatever was in it. Right now we need to go."
"All this time?" Natasha's voice was laced with venom.
"You're dead." Tony choked out. "I killed you. How are you here?!" Iron Man took a defensive stance.
Later that day Steve spotted Iron Man and Rhodey huddled in the living room, talking amongst themselves in hushed voices. His super-hearing picked up bits of their conversation. He pieced together that Iron Man was planning on doing something that Rhodes strongly disapproved of.
Less than an hour later, Iron Man found himself outside the facility he had been held captive in for so long. He stood up on the snowy hillside, blood dripping from his clenched fists as he watched the facility burn to the ground. The light was almost blinding against the night sky. Tony had never felt so satisfied to watch something burn. Every person in that building was most likely dead, their corpses burning away with the foundation. Every scrap of research done for the sake of Extremis was burning along with them. Digital records, physical notes and charts, tissue samples, all of it. Gone. There was a loud creaking noise, followed by a crash as part of the building collapsed in on itself. The collapse created a gust of wind that sprayed snow and embers into Iron Man's face.
"No. Should he?"
Tony slammed his hands on the table, the sound making Pepper jump. He glared at her for a minute before taking a deep breath and hanging his head. "How much longer, though? My heart is all wrong. All messed up. So is my brain," Tony tapped his temple. "The PTSD isn't going to go away. It's all messed up. I'm all messed up, Pep. How could Steve ever love someone like me?"
"Shhh!!!" Peter gently pushed the spider back down, cupping both his hands around his pet's tiny form.
"I won't," Tony agreed. He slipped his prosthetic hand under Bucky's and pushed it back a bit. He stared at their hands, metal palms resting against one another. "It's good to know there's someone in this fucked up world that understands me."
"Learning from my mistakes!"
"What? Since when?" Steve gawked.
"I will."
I hope you enjoyed the first chapter! I've never written fantasy before. I'm more used to suspense and angst, so please let me know how I'm doing.
The sound sent shivers down Tony's spine. He screwed his eyes shut, unable to watch his son writhe in pain. The tasers were meant to be used at a distance. Direct contact like this...Tony didn't want to think of the consequences.
"Probably just stir crazy, let him be," Bucky shrugged.
Peter was put under house arrest after his last incident. Or really, under lab arrest. No matter what Bruce and Tony did, Peter's spider sense fluctuated between perfectly normal and convinced everyone wanted to slit his throat. Thankfully, he hadn't outright attacked anyone again. He got fussy and threatened to lash out whenever someone got too close, but he never laid a finger on anyone. Peter rubbed his upper arm, sore from the multiple injections he had received in the past week.
Spider-man kicked her in the side of the head, knocking her to the ground. He wasted no time webbing her in place, then quickly attached himself to the ceiling. "Your reign of terror is over, Wanda. I won't let you hurt anyone else-OH NO." His spider sense went off like a gunshot in the back of his head. The building suddenly shook. The ceiling crumbled, and the walls bent in on themselves. Peter threw himself at Wanda right as the entire structure came crashing down.
"I made my last exoskeleton too thin. I needed a full upgrade," Iron Man said as if it were nothing. "Rather not get my head bashed in again."
The truck rolled to a stop. The pounding in Peter's head caused him to pass out once more.
"What's your name?" Peter asked.
"Are your trying to melt me with laser vision? Because it's not working." Tony said. Steve looked away, not realizing he had been staring. Had he just called Stark's eyes 'beautiful'? Where had that come from? Great. Now Stark was staring at him. Much to Steve's relief, the engineer turned his attention back to the shield. He opened a can of blue paint and finished up the center. "There. Done. Let it dry." Tony left the newly painted shield on his work bench and left to work on something else. Steve sat in Tony's chair and carefully slipped his hands under the shield, holding it up by the leather straps on the back. Howard hadn't made this one. It was Tony. All Tony. Steve couldn't help but smile. He looked over his shoulder when he heard loud whirring and the scrape of metal on concrete.
Iron Man had pressed himself into a corner. He hardly left the tower, unless for a mission, or if he was accompanying Pepper to Malibu. Steve put a hand on his arm, "you gonna be okay?"
"No, no, it won't!" Tony said quickly, "it just makes its host more aggressive. That's it! Let's get you back to the lab."
"Before you get hurt, bug boy," Clint added.
"Are you happy?" Tony pressed.
"Public?"
"I honestly couldn't say. It could bring everyone back together. Or it could split us apart for good. Won't know until it happens."
Steve swooped in and snatched it away. "His twenty-first birthday is
"We're leaving. I'll explain later, but we need to go. Right now. It's not safe here. Not anymore." Steve brushed the back of his hand over Peter's cheek, making him flinch.
"It's him," Bucky whispered.
"Don't call me a kid," Peter snarled.
The first newscaster spoke
"Harry...I'm sorry, it was an accident, I didn't..." Harry took a step towards Peter, causing the shorter man to step back. The expression on Harry's face was dark. Cold. Angry. Peter had never seen him like this. "It was an accident. He was gonna kill my dad, I didn't-"
The Avengers alarm blared before he got the chance.
"You still don't get it do you?" Wanda sighed, "the plan is to turn the entire world against the Avengers. Just wait until you see how I alter the news stories in the morning.
"Morning. Who was that?" Steve smiled slightly.
Iron Man slowly looked back at his teammates. They were all staring at him in horror. Steve had a look on his face that could only be described as broken. Bucky refused to look at him.
house in Malibu. How did he get here?
"How's it going, Spidey?" The new man asked, a warm smile on his face. "Good to see you in one piece."
Tony mentally screamed at himself. The current was too strong. His face scraped against the rocks. Which way was up? He couldn't tell anymore.
"...yes?"
"So you heard me?"
"I'm sorry. About yesterday," Iron Man said from somewhere behind Steve, making the super soldier jump. He hit his head on the kitchen cabinet with a loud thud. "Ouch. Sorry for that too."
Peter suddenly became very aware that his pocket was in fact empty.
"He was the cause of Mr. Stark's death. He was dealing weapons under the table, and paid to have Mr. Stark kidnapped and executed. I didn't want to kill him though. I wanted to turn him over to the police and let them handle it. But then he ripped out my heart," he tapped the arc reactor in his chest. Steve flinched. "He never truly cared about me. And when I stood in the way of his plans he made that very clear. I had to kill him. It was self-defense."
"Is Tony alive?"
Wanda muted the TV and set the remote aside. The tail end of the battle had been broadcasted on all the major news networks. "Guess that's that. What now?" She looked over her shoulder at her teammate, who stood right behind the couch.
Sorry, not sorry.
(See the end of the chapter for
Bucky yawned, ranking a hand through his tangled hair, "morning, Stark-"
"Scared of thunder, Shellhead?" Steve glanced over his shoulder at the bot.
"I'm working on it," Tony answered. "Give me a few hours and I should be able to dismantle the force fields. It'll take awhile without the proper tools, though."
"Anything for you, Steve," Tony smiled softly behind his helmet. The last forty-eight hours had been absolute hell, with the entire team scrambling to find their missing leader. Iron Man sent out a signal to the rest of the team, letting them know he had found Steve and that he would be bringing him back to the compound shortly.
"Doctor? As in Doctor Who?" Tony raised an eyebrow.
"Is this your mother?" Steve asked softly.
The man stopped a few feet away, eyeing the Avengers suspiciously. The robes the man wore were brightly colored, but also worn and tattered on the ends. He opened his mouth and spoke something in a dialect none of them had ever heard.
"I'm going to be back you guys," Peter groaned at the way everyone was treating his move out as such a final thing. "I'm not quitting the team."
Tony started hyperventilating.
"Since when do you ever want to talk to people before throwing punches? I'm gonna beat him up, then we can ask questions about Bruce and Wanda."
"Why take human form when it could literally be anything?" Rhodey eyed the vial Tony had just been holding.
They both fell into a comfortable silence after that. Steve silently thanked the gods when Iron Man finally changed the song.
"I don't either. Which is why we're going to get Iron Man out of here," Steve explained. "Bruce, Natasha, go get a Quinjet ready. The rest of us will go after Iron Man. I doubt they'll be able to contain him in this tin can for very long." Iron Man was not a murderer. He couldn't be. Despite the evidence stacked against him, Steve still trusted his robot.
At the same time, it was not Tony Stark.
"Good. Pepper, stay here. I'm going to get our team back." He started up the beach, now clad in nothing but his black under armor.
"What for?" Tony frowned. He was currently hovering above an apartment building. Spider-man stood on the roof below, staring up at him, not at all happy that he had been followed. He raised his middle fingers. "Damn kid." He muttered. Thankfully, Steve didn't seem to hear him.
Steve shrugged, "just curious."
"Daddy!" May rushed over to him, throwing herself into his arms. Peter scooped up his daughter and held her close.
Clint grabbed the headset, "Iron Man, you're part of this team-no. Scratch that. You are part of this family. This very fucked up family that loves you very much. We know you're not a murderer. We're going to get you out of here, buddy."
"Yup."
"Your guess is as good as mine," Steve grumbled, motioning to Henry.
"Spider-man! Where are you going?! What happened to sticking to the plan?!" Iron Man yelled over the comms. He had a small map in the corner of his screen, showing everyone's approximate location. Spider-man had taken a sudden left turn, heading right for the origin of the loud bang.
Steve hung back, his eyes wide. Peter's injuries weren't the only shocking thing about the scene before him. Peter donned a pair of bright blue pants, along with red boots that bore the unmistakable black webbing. The rest of the costume was long gone, stripped away by the doctors who had operated on Peter. Steve spotted the remnants of the costume in the trash and fished them out. Balling them up, he stuffed them in his pocket before joining Tony at Peter's side.
"Yes."
"Peter? Who did this?" Bruce pressed.
"Maybe it's time you put on the Iron Spider suit, then. It'll support your ribs."
Steve didn't know what had gone down in the training room that day, but the next day Bucky was acting a bit more confident. He was branching out and talking more with the others. Especially Iron Man. A few days later Steve had found the two in the library, enthusiastically discussing rock music. He had seen Iron Man act this way before. If anyone even uttered the word 'science' around him, the bot would go on hour long tangents. But Steve had never seen Bucky this excited to have a conversation. Or this happy. Not since before the war.
"People inject me with whatever gets the best results. Whatever makes me less human than I already was! Whatever they want me to be! They just keep fucking it up!" There was something off about Peter's voice. It was murky. Dark, and threatening.
Tony paced in his lab. It was a long, frustrating process, but all the remaining Avengers had finally been cleared. Everyone could be trusted, according to SHIELD. Fury said otherwise, but then again, Fury probably didn't even trust his own mother. Tony heard someone come into the lab. He ignored them.
"Let's pay the Avengers a visit," Bruce decided, a slight smile on his face. "I wonder how much the compound has changed in the past two years."
"Use your words!" Clint called.
"Ultron was meant to be a peacekeeper. A protector. I don't know why he became aggressive."
She let out a sigh of relief. "Thank god...I got to you as fast as I could-"
The remaining members, Natasha, Bucky and Rhodey exchanged glances. None of them said a word.
Tony set the bowl in his lap and looked around the room curiously. His hair had grown out a bit, a few strands falling into his eyes when he turned his head. The bedroom was minimalistic. White walls, gray bedsheets, matching curtains. Some weird abstract painting on the far wall. There was an even weirder abstract sculpture on the sleek brown dresser. It was made of sticks that were rotating around each other. Tony never understood the appeal of modern art. And that sculpture, in particular, was ticking him off. Why the fuck was it moving like that? "Where am I?"
"So were Bruce and Wanda," Michelle huffed.
"Not, okay!" Tony protested, "he's my kid!"
"No snowball fights in the house." Tony rubbed his eyes. It was too early in the morning for this. He stomped over to Steve, who was pretending to die on the carpet.
"Do you really think it's a good idea to let him into the compound? Or Tony's lab? He could've stolen something and given it to his father." Natasha pointed out.
"I take it back. You're not a tragedy. You're an ass." Bucky retrieved a rag and handed it to Tony.
"Okay." Iron Man shifted around so that he was fully on the bed, leaning against the headboard. Steve moved over to give him room. Iron Man made Jarvis turn the lights back off. "Try to get some rest, Cap. I'll stand guard."
"I've survived worse," he glared daggers at his former friend.
"Because the Avengers need a robot. And I'm too broken to be of any good to you all. So, better robot." Tony motioned at the pieces on his workbench. "One that would actually follow orders, and could sustain more damage, and use probability to decide on the best course of action, and-"
"Great."
"Doctor Banner," Osborn corrected him.
"A few
Peter relaxed when Steve smiled at him, "C'mon, it'll be fun!"
Bruce made a choking noise and collapsed. Peter stared down at him, shoulders squared and head held high. There was absolutely no emotion on his face as we watched his torturer writhe in pain. "I want you to
Thank you for reading!
"We have no choice, have you located Spider-man, Falcon?" Steve responded.
"Harry's a good person. Wouldn't hurt a fly. Scared of his own shadow."
"You kept a pretty big secret for two years. Especially after Siberia. When we all agreed to not keep secrets," Steve pointed out.
Spidey shifted around and discovered that his wrists were bound behind his back. His ankles were in a similar state. His costume provided little protection from the cold metal. Tired crackled as they rolled over gravel. It was had to tell in the dark, but he was fairly certain he was in the back of a truck. The only source of light in the cramped area came from the faint red glow emitted by the cuffs.
"The robot has spoken," Sam chuckled. "I'm with him and the kid. I think we should give him the benefit of the doubt until he actually does something wrong. Peter, can you chop up a few onions for me? I forgot to do it earlier."
"He's not in love with a robot. He's in love with
Natasha tugged the back of his shirt, "don't get involved."
The workshop was empty. Steve didn't dare go inside. The door had opened with his fingerprints. Although, that didn't exactly mean he was welcome. So he hovered in the doorway, surveying the room. There was no sign of Tony. Everything was neatly packed away into labeled boxes. The stools stacked on top of the workbenches. The blankets on the couch folded and pushed underneath the coffee table. The bots shut off and plugged into their charging ports. The overhead lights were on. Tony hated those lights. Claimed they were too bright. He preferred the natural light from the large windows, or the simple bulbs hung over his workbench. The counter that would have housed the record player and gigantic stack of records was empty. The objects most likely in the cardboard box next to it. The words "for Rhodey and Steve" were written across the top in sharpy.
"I don't need babysitting!" Clint scrunched up his nose.
"Okay. Again, why not take it to your workshop?" Clint quirked an eyebrow. "Your getting oil all over the table."
This was the only video he had found with Natasha in it.
Iron Man flinched. Steve slowly turned his gaze to his teammate. "That's not my name."
"My programming will not allow for this."
"Give Tony a minute, and we'll keep moving. I saw a radio tower when we were up on that cliff. We should head towards it, but first, we might want to find shelter." Steve decided. Storm clouds were quickly rolling in.
"No, don't fucking do it, man!" Ned yelled.
"Steve, you've been up for twenty-four hours. Go to sleep." The robot was sitting on the edge of the bed, his back to Steve. His eyes were glued to the window, watching the storm raging outside. The storm wasn't helping Steve's insomnia, so Iron Man had come to his aid. They hadn't discussed the fact that Steve had kissed Iron Man a few days ago. He still wasn't sure if the armored Avenger reciprocated his feelings. Either way, the kiss hadn't come between their friendship. Iron Man turned slightly, the blue glow of the arc reactor illuminating the super soldier's face. Steve looked beyond exhausted. But he kept talking.
"No. Scrap the idea." Bruce shouldered past him. "And don't ever bring this up again."
"Yes, uncle Happy."
"It's just for tonight. I have some crime stopping to do," Peter assured him. "I'll be on the move for awhile."
In the distance, the Hulk roared again. Gun shots followed immediately after.
Peter hadn't meant to patrol that night. He really hadn't. And yet, here he was. Patrolling.
"I've only existed for six years, give me a break," Iron Man huffed.
"Steve, this is my kid now," Bucky put an arm around Peter's shoulders.
"You never said I couldn't." Peter stuck out his tongue.
"Learn a little faster!" Tony barked, kicking open the door to the lab. Pieces of his armor were already flying towards him. Peter leaped over a table and slid under another. He jumped back onto his feet when he reached a silver case on the other side of the room. The case flipped open upon Peter's verbal command. The Iron Spider suit was folded neatly within.
Tony's eyes went back to flitting around the room, taking in every detail. There wasn't much to take in, so he started scrutinizing his hands. That's when it hit Rhodey. The lack of eye contact. The shaking hands. Avoiding his questions. He was acting just like he had when Rhodey had found him in the desert all those years ago.
"Stark's kid is terrifying," Bucky said to him one day.
The lock clicked, and the door slid open. They all expected to see Peter standing on the other side, but instead Happy stood before them. "The kid's fine now, it was just a mild anxiety attack."
"I thought you powered down?" Steve frowned at his boyfriend, whose eyes were still dark.
"There was. I took care of it," Iron Man said bluntly. The rain rolled down his expressionless face. In the dim light, Iron Man's glowing blue eyes looked downright threatening. The metal Avenger was unusually still, his fists balled at his sides. Iron Man was always moving in some way, using his body language to make up for his lack of facial expressions. Seeing him so still was unsettling.
"Tony..." Steve choked out, powerless to do anything but watch as Spider-man grabbed Tony by the shirt and raised him up out of the suit. His feet barely brushed the ground. Tony looked absolutely defeated. Spider-man raised his one remaining spider arm. It was poised to strike at Tony's throat. He looked down at Peter, his eyes empty.
"Rip him a new one, Rogers," Natasha instructed.
"You got me!" Clint jumped over the fort, kicking up a flurry of snow when he landed.
"I do appreciate art," Peter muttered. Steve had made sure of that fact. "And this isn't art."
"Where is Iron Man? What did you do to him?"
"Then why let him on the team?" Bucky's frown deepened.
"Those worse words better not have come from you," Steve pointed an accusing finger at Tony.
Thunder drowned out Tony's voice, the lights flickering a moment later.
"Both of you, stay out of this," Tony pointed an accusing finger at the two spies.
Flying aircraft carrier?
"You're safe here. You know that right?" Natasha was sitting a good few feet away from the wall crawler.
Peter put the suits on the table. "I killed someone. I don't deserve them."
Silence.
"I was merely trying to pop the corn!" Thor defended himself. Several bags of popcorn lay on the counter, next to a pile of unpopped kernels, which Steve had dumped out of the toaster just in time.
"Two dozen?" Steve raised an eyebrow when Tony set two boxes down on the table.
"You said-"
But Rhodey had fixed him. Mended the severed wires. Replaced the spilled oil. Knocked the dents out of his head. Rhodey said he was okay.
"Someone's gotta do it," Steve went back what he was typing. "Can I help you with something?"
Before Tony could respond, Bucky swooped in and grabbed the blanket bundle. He darted across the room, an evil smile on his face.
Steve grunted as he tumbled down a flight of stairs. A few minor burns littered his body, and his hair was singed. The dragon was hot on his heels. Literally. Smoke filled the castle and probably would've killed Steve by now if it wasn't for the super soldier serum keeping his lungs clean.
"Buck," Steve held his arm over Bucky's chest.
"We have to do something," Sam said over the comms. "I know we can just put Iron Man back together, but I'd rather not watch him be torn apart."
lash out. I got lucky this morning. This time he really could kill me."
Steve spoke slowly, "okay. Do you trust any of us?"
"Don't?"
"Want to talk about it?" Ned offered, his chair squeaked and Peter pictured him twirling around in the swivel chair, surrounded by three big monitors that aided him in being the 'guy in the chair'. Even after the two had broken up, they still remained extremely close. They told each other everything.
Steve laughed, "I'll go easy on you." He stepped onto the mat and offered Tony a hand up. The cyborg accepted and took on a defensive stance.
"Why would-"
Strong arms slipped around his torso and yanked him upwards. Tony couched violently when he broke the surface.
Bucky panicked, "he can't! He's going on a suicide mission! He wants to take out Stane!"
"Yes, traps. He's hunting me like some kinda wild animal." Peter muttered. "But he's not exactly breaking the law, so I can't turn him into the police. I have it under control," Peter assured him, noticing the worried look.
"Oh, hey, Pete, didn't see you there." Tony rolled onto the floor. He hit the ground with the thud and made no move to get back up.
"No. You need to stay here with your bot," Bucky flicked his forehead, earning a glare from the captain. "Hulk, Thor and War Machine are our heavy hitters, so obviously they need to stay here in case SHIELD shows up. And if that happens then you'll need to be here to talk sense into people."
"Maybe we don't need the 'medium' guns," Bruce smirked.
"Nothing too bad. Yet. Hand over the Venom and you'll get him back in one piece," Osborn demanded.
Peter crawled away from his parents so he could slip into his Spider-man suit in private. After that was done he moved over to the front door, slowly pushing through it. The screen creaked and slammed shut behind him. Peter froze, looking over his shoulder. No sign of the noise having woken anyone.
The audience exploded at Tony's word choice.
"We're not married," Steve clarified.
Unlike Iron Man, there had been no one inside the other bot. Whoever was controlling it was still out there. Luckily, the mystery antagonist hadn't made a move to attack the Avengers in the time Iron Man was gone. But it was only a matter of time before they showed themselves.
The Iron Spider still lacked its extra arms, instant kill mode, and a variety of other features. But it was as done as it was going to get at this point in time. Tony would get back to it right after a few minutes of shut eye. He wondered where Peter had gone off to. The teen had disappeared half an hour ago. Tony got his answer when he collapsed on the couch, the person already lying on it letting out a screech.
," Tony hissed.
"Well 'Henry' is going to give someone a heart attack. Get rid of it," Tony ordered.
Tony scurried off to the bathroom, a smug look on his face.
"He's here?! Where?!" Spider-man yelled over the comms.
"No. The spell broke. Don't know how-"
"I know, I know, I just...I need these out of my body. I need to be able to control what happens to me. I want my body back to the way it was before."
"I-I don't know...FRIDAY, assemble the Avengers!" Tony ordered.
look like James Franco, you jerk. Change it."
"Tends to happen when your only memories are that of being tortured," Toomes shrugged. Doc Ock grumbled something under his breath and stormed off down the hall. Adrian waited until he was gone before following Peter. He found the teen sitting cross legged at the edge of the roof, an oversized coat wrapped tightly around his small frame. The world around them was deafeningly silent. Snow had begun to fall earlier that night. Peter held out a hand, catching a few stray flakes in his palm. Adrian took a seat next to him.
"Go for the web shooters!" Tony called, keeping a safe distance from Peter. FRIDAY sent a spare faceplate zooming across the room. It snapped into place upon arrival, extra parts for the damaged shoulder not far behind.
"I am calm," Peter spat, getting into a crouching position and glaring daggers at his teammates.
Steve dropped his forehead against Tony's, causing him to flinch. "Damnit. I made you cry..." He wiped away the tears with his thumb.
A reporter called from off camera.
"How about you just send it to me? I'll watch it later." Peter said quickly. "Can we talk about something else, now?"
"Fine..." Steve put two fingers to his ear when he heard Sam's voice. "No, I'm calling off the search. There's nothing more we can do tonight," he sighed. "Yeah, Sam. I know. We'll just have to wait until they make their next move."
The agent held up their hand, "we know you did no such thing. That was the real test to see if the lie detector was working. Congrats, you passed."
"Didn't look like an accident." Harry backed Peter into a wall. Cold metal was jammed under his chin. "My dad was right about you people. Nothing but a rag tag group of murderers who only care about themselves."
Peter looked up from his phone at the Asgardian. Thor stood next to the couch, looking at Peter with the most sincere expression. "What did you do? Break the toaster?" Peter chuckled.
"You know me so well," Sam smirked.
"You lost the Hulk?" Steve growled.
"Alright, Avengers." Spider-man took his place at the head of the table, formerly Captain America's seat. "We have a lot to discuss today, so let's get to it."
"You?" Clint raised an eyebrow. "I know you're all buddy-buddy with the tin man, but maybe it's better to send his boyfriend. Especially if he's in a mood."
After dinner the team retired the to the lounge. Peter sat with his injured leg pulled close to his chest, his arms wrapped around his knee. The other leg was tucked underneath him. The position reminded Natasha of how Spider-man had sat when they questioned him a few days ago. Clint was currently sitting next to Peter, showing him how one of his explosive arrows worked.
"Hey, you said not to get involved!" Clint gasped.
"Well, I've never been one to deny a party invitation," Iron Man said.
"I'm not going to hurt you like that," Tony tightened his grip on his son. "We'll get you back to how you were before. It'll be okay."
"Don't be rude," Natasha walked in behind Bucky. Tony glared at her before turning his back to everyone in the room. Steve sighed. They had a lot of work to do if they were going to be a team again.
"You can still stop all of this," Vision hovered a few inches off the floor, hands at his sides.
"Pete-"
Iron Man could
Eventually, Tony drug himself to bed. He tossed and turned, unable to get comfortable in the unfamiliar bed. As soon as Tony's eyes closed, Obediah's face appeared before him.
"I know," the wall crawler whispered, looking down at his hands. He pulled away from Tony and stood up, "I'm going back to Queens."
"Fine," Iron Man moved the files onto his private server, planning on continuing his work at a later date.
"We got what we came here for. Let's blow this popsicle stand!" Bucky called, rolling up beside the Captain on his own motorcycle. The Winter Soldier was the newest Avenger, having joined only two months ago. This was his first mission.
"I mean Peter no harm," Bruce spoke calmly right before closing the door to the cell block.
Steve pulled him back into a tight embrace, running one hand over the robot's head. "Okay, sweetheart."
Steve looked...pissed. There was no other way to describe the look on his face. The way his jaw was clenched so tightly that the tendons in his neck popped out. And the sharp look in his eyes usually reserved for battle. The super soldier swatted Tony's hands away, "I can take care of myself, Stark." Sam snatched the first aid kit out of Tony's hand and went about patching Steve up. The soldier didn't protest Sam's help.
Bucky looked out the window upon hearing a motorcycle engine. "He's back. Go shower. I'll hold him off."
Steve scanned the area, but couldn't find the actual Iron Man anywhere. He used the tablet Bruce had given him to take pictures of the cave, knowing that he could use this as evidence to clear his lover's name. Thor tapped his shoulder and pointed to the left. Steve looked over to see a man making his way through across the room. He had only ever seen this man in photos, and he looked like he had aged a bit since those were taken. But there was no denying his identity.
"I know!" Spider-man jumped into the air, narrowly avoiding getting his feet severed. He launched himself at a tree. A repulsor blast destroyed the branch Spidey was aiming for. Spider-man flailed his arms letting out a cry as he plummeted to the ground.
"Excuse me?" Steve was even more confused at this point.
"Plan?" Peter frowned.
His phone buzzed again. "Hang on, guys," Peter frowned at his phone before answering it.
"Tony! What's going on?!" Steve screamed. The skylight slid open and Iron Man blasted off without a word. The alarm was silenced as soon as he left. "FRIDAY, what was that all about?"
"We should go look for help," Thor suggested. He held out his hand, "to me, Mjölnir!" Several seconds passed, but the hammer didn't fly into his hand. In fact, there was no sign of the Asgardian weapon. "Mjölnir!" Thor called again. Nothing.
Obadiah kicked Iron Man in the head, knocking Tony unconscious.
Steve was still mad at Tony. Not quite the level of fury he had felt when Tony had first declared "I am Iron Man" in the stairwell of the Helicarrier. No, his rage had simmered down. Because at the end of the day, Iron Man-Tony-still meant the world to him. He was the thing that kept Steve moving forward in this strange new era. Iron Man had been there for Steve when he needed him most. He found himself torn between his love for the other man and the deep pain left by his betrayal. He needed to sit Tony down and properly talk to him about it. That's what he should've done two weeks ago. Tony had tried to talk to him, and Steve regretted shutting him down. The soldier stopped outside the workshop door, hand hovering over the control pad on the wall. He prayed that Tony was inside. That the cyborg would want to talk to him. He would understand if Tony didn't want to see him, but Steve had to try. There was no such thing as a perfect couple. Couples always had their squabbles. And they worked through them. Because that's what lovers do. They talk things over. Work through disputes. Make amends. Move on. Steve honestly wasn't sure he was ready to have this conversation. It had to be done, though. He pressed his hand to the control panel and the doors slid open with a gasp of air.
"Good morning, Peter. Pizza for breakfast? Not the healthiest choice." The Avenger spoke. The same Avenger who had tortured him just two days ago.
Natasha paced around the kitchen back at the compound. A large fuzzy blanket was wrapped tightly around his shoulders. They had searched for Peter for three days before deciding to take a short break. Some of the team were able to sleep due to pure exhaustion, she, on the other hand, had only been able to get a few minutes of shut eye. How could she sleep knowing her little spider had been captured by the enemy? Possibly hurt, scared...even dying...
Bruce glanced at the paper. If he recognized it, he didn't show it. "What's what?"
Harry shrugged, "well, every news outlet has a different story, and I've been trying to figure it out for awhile, and you seem like the person to ask. You did live with them for awhile."
"Probably," Deadpool chuckled.
One last thing, are there any spider-man villains you would like to see in the next few chapters? I am open to suggestions.
"You can't change what you are, spider. That's not up to you," Kraven reminded. He popped the top off the vial and let the liquid drip onto Peter's face. It was cold and slimy and sent shivers down Peter's spine. The liquid increased in size and became more stringy, latching itself onto other parts of Peter's body in order to spread itself faster. Pretty soon Peter was completely covered in black sludge. White circles appeared over his eyes, slowly shifting into the shape of his usual lenses. Peter could feel the cold liquid seeping in through the many cuts that littered his body, turning his blood to ice as it shot through his veins. Peter let out a strangled sob. He didn't want this. He didn't want someone to change his body. Again. And yet, here he was, powerless to do anything but let it happen.
"SHIELD is on its way to take us out. Any means necessary. Fury won't explain why. He says he'll give us a ten-minute head start if we want to save our skins. Now we have nine minutes. Grab your suit and a toothbrush and let's go! Natasha already started up the Quinjet." With that Tony hung up.
"I didn't say he was my kid. I said 'the kid's'." Tony flicked his brush at the other man, a stray bit of red paint getting on Steve's cheek.
It was then that the rest of the team burst into the room, guns blazing. "What the hell is going on in here?!" Natasha demanded.
Thanks to the combined efforts of the Avengers and the local fire department, the blaze was quickly pulled back under control, and the crumbling buildings stabilized. The Avengers stayed on the scene all afternoon, helping out where they could. Hundreds had been injured, and it was unclear how many lives had been lost.
Iron Man shot through the sky like a rocket, his repulsors screaming behind him. Someone was attacking Pepper's home in Malibu. Someone was attacking Pepper.
"Tony..." Pepper gave him a warning look. "No."
"Why tell me then?"
"I can't. I have stuff to do back in Queens." Peter grabbed his mask, but Tony's grip on it didn't let up, and Peter found himself playing tug of war.
"I'm not letting Cap go."
"If this gets worse, you better tell me. Or I'll beat your ass." Natasha poked him in the middle of his chest.
"Wow. Langauge, cap." Tony put his hands on his hips.
The graveyard became a blood bath. Screams erupted, drawing in civilians as well as the local police. It was just after five O'clock, and there was still quite a few people out on the streets. Thankfully, no one dared enter the graveyard.
"Let. Me. Go." Peter snarled.
"Hey guys, I'm looking for the bathroom. Must have taken a wrong turn somewhere?" Spider-man scratched the back of his neck. Someone cocked their gun. "you guys aren't big on jokes, huh? Pity." Spider-man took a defensive stance.
"You sure about this guy?" Bucky frowned.
(See the end of the chapter for
Tony tightened his grip on the tablet. The red dot had broken away from the area but only made it a few blocks before it stopped. It bounced between two building for a brief moment before stopping altogether.
"I don't need you watching me twenty-four seven. I can take care of myself." Peter said.
he reminded himself.
Without warning, Spider-man dived down onto the Shocker, knocking him out with one swift blow to the back of the head. Upon seeing their leader fall, the remaining henchmen scattered.
"You're like a wild animal. So aggressive," Obadiah chided, he hovered about fifty feet above Iron Man, watching him rip apart the bots. "So emotional. Jeez."
"Not for very long. I think his spider sense gave me away, but he didn't put two and two together.
Obadiah. There was no mistaking that voice. And this time, he was actually here.
Clint snickered. Steve took a deep breath, "Anthony..."
"Sorry doesn't cut it!" Clint punched the wall. "You lied to us for years! You, you...argh! I can't do this right now!" He collected his bow and quiver from the coffee table and stormed out of the room.
Steve threw a hand out to brace himself against the wall. A second explosion knocked Clint over. He cursed loudly when he hit the ground.
"Thanks, dad!" Spider-man made a beeline for the fridge.
"Okay, okay. Fair enough," Clint held up one hand. "Must be pretty smart if he made this," he poked the spider logo on Peter's chest.
"Glad you decided to Hulk out in such a big room, makes it easier for me!" Falcon swooped in through the hangar door, bladed feathers scratching at the Hulk's thick hide. "Rhodes, go for the knees!"
"Now you're just being an ass. Get out of my lab."
The next chapter won't be up until next week. Fair warning, the next chapter will be violent. But there will also be quite a bit of superfamily fluff.
"What the actual fuck?!" Clint nearly dropped the bundle of arrows he was carrying.
"What about the bird?"
"I'm not answering that," Tony said.
"Oh, yeah. That's right. I need to put that tracker back in your suit. And you need to stop ripping it out," Tony grabbed him by the arm and pulled him out of the kitchen.
Tony punched the enter key. The "Activate" button flashed green. "That'll do it..." Tony murmured right before his vision blacked out. He was vaguely aware of the fact that he had toppled from the stool and was now lying in a crumpled heap on the ground. Dum-E nudged his shoulder, its beeping high pitched and frantic. In the distance, he could hear several explosions.
"You're not the boss of me."
"Nothing much, actually." Natasha shrugged. "He said you made his suit?"
"About a week ago, sir," Maria answered him.
"I did."
"Hey, Uncle Happy," Peter greeted as he slipped into the back seat of Happy's car.
(See the end of the chapter for
Iron Man snapped his fingers, dismissing all of the holograms. "Yes, I have 'another face' as you so kindly put it, Birdbrain."
"Let's GO." The agent waved his arm aggressively, before turning on heel and sprinting out the door. The Avengers exchanged looks before following the rogue SHIELD agent.
"Thor, we've been over this, Henry doesn't understand English..." Clint trailed off, his eyes going wide ad he watched the tarantula push the butter dish over to Thor. He then scurried back to where he had left his watermelon.
Peter's voice shook, "I-I don't want to do this..." Wanda's spell was faltering.
Iron Man.
"I'm not your son," Peter snapped, his head jerking up in Tony's direction. His lenses narrowed in an almost threatening way. "You know nothing about me and it's going to stay that way."
"That's what I said," the Avenger frowned. "It took quite a bit of resource to keep you asleep for three days, so I'd rather not put you back under. Just hold still while I work."
. To walk and not feel the constant burn of metal rubbing against exposed muscle. He didn't feel the need to take his legs off anymore. He could walk around all day, hell, he could probably run if he wanted to. Although, he wasn't sure if he was ready to try that quite yet. The amount of running he had done when he rescued his team about killed him. His stumps had been sore for days afterward, and he was pretty sure there was a bit of blood leaking from the connectors. But that pain was gone. His legs functioned better than ever. The discomfort now was more from exhaustion than actual pain from bad connections. "What?" He frowned at the way Steve was staring at his legs, which were hidden by his sweatpants.
"Sorry, just having a few trust issues after one of my closest friends tortured my son." Tony huffed, waving his hand, palm up.
"Excuse me?!" Iron Man bolted upright, knocking over his chair in the process. All guns instantly pointed at the robot. One of the agents took a step forward, holding an electrified stick.
"I don't know, I think he fancies you quite a bit, regardless of programming." Bucky ruffled Steve's hair.
"Aaand more glowy alien guns. Again, no creativity!" Spider-man made to web the gun when white hot pain suddenly exploded in his back. Instinctively, the wall crawler leaped to the ceiling. "Rude!" He yelled at the third robber, who was wielding a much larger alien weapon. "I don't have time for this..." Spider-man made quick work and disarming all three men and webbing them to the counter. Pissed off and sore, Spidey left them without another word. He retrieved his bag and continued web slinging across the city.
Tony nodded before slipping his helmet on. "Spider-man's old suit, the one that had an AI, recorded everything he saw. I remember seeing this place back when the vulture was causing problems. If Spidey's going after the same people as before, then this would've been his first stop." Tony lead the team across the street. Natasha and Clint stuck to the bushes, planning to lay low until Steve called them in for back up. Steve fell in to step with Tony, shield at the ready. War Machine and the Falcon weren't far behind.
"Don't be so bitter, Pete. You should be thanking me. I gave you organic webbing."
"Don't..." Peter gagged, having heard the symbiote's thoughts. He made it let Kraven go. Kraven slid down the wall, leaving a trail of blood in his wake. "I...we...we...need help..." Peter fumbled for the panic button in his pocket. No less than five minutes after pressing it, did Iron Man bust in through the roof, slamming down on the concrete floor with a heavy metal thud.
Thank you all for sticking around long enough to read this little update, and I hope you will enjoy what comes next!
"May," Peter grinned, brushing a hand over the dark fuzz on her head. "May Stark."
"You're right, Stark. This has gone on long enough. I got rid of that bug already," Osborn motioned vaguely behind him. The color drained from Tony's face. He must have misheard Osborn. Peter was fine. He was wearing the Iron Spider. He was just fine. Right? Osborn continued, "now it's your turn." He held the shrapnel out, about to slice open Tony's throat.
"I'm...leading a mission?" Spidey didn't think his lenses could get much wider. Steve and Tony led missions. Natasha sometimes led missions when neither men were available. But Spidey? He didn't even get to say "Avengers Assemble".
"Then mine is going to have eight legs, too." Tony picked up a screwdriver.
"Whatever you say, Stevie," Bucky laughed.
"You're excused," Steve put his hands on his hips. "We can worry about what we lost later. Right now, our priority is finding medical help for Clint. And like I said before, I would rather not have the team split up right now."
Thor laughed, his voice booming in the otherwise quiet room. "I would much like to meet this young warrior. I pray that our first meeting will not be due to this Venom."
Spider-man sat on the porch railing, watching as Iron Man flew overhead. "He's back!" The web slinger still wore his costume, but the mask had been discarded inside the cabin. He hopped off the railing and ran out to meet his father. The Avengers gathered on the porch as Iron Man slammed down a few yards away.
"What about Anth-Iron Man?" Steve asked.
"No one does," Michelle sighed.
"Then what are you doing right now?!" Peter yelled.
"It's for your own good, Peter." Steve tried to reason with him.
Robert looked down at his coffee for a moment, then back up at Peter. "You better fight like it's the last good fight you'll ever fight. Because if you die, you can bet your ass all of Queens will rise up to Avenge you."
"They'll recognize my voice."
Tony pulled away. "I regret not doing more."
"No. I was a bit out of it for awhile after...everything. I guess he would've had to tell the public why two Avengers attacked Queens. What exactly did he say?" Peter was curious now.
"Don't be." Tony shook his head. He continued to work on the...thing...in his lap, the green lights attached to it faded in and out.
"I killed him..." Tony whispered, "I killed my son..."
Steve's expression saddened. "Is it because you're depressed?"
"Well, Ultron. You're looking mighty fine today," Tony hummed as he sharpened the edges on the eyes. "Pity I never got to make you. We would've had a lot of fun together. Two robots. Saving the world. Wouldn't that have been a hoot? Though I have to admit, you're getting more and more intimidating every time I draw you."
year, Tony."
"I'd have to be able to sleep in order to get nightmares," Iron Man pointed out.
"No, you're not." Tony pulled him close once more. "You almost died because of me."
Hope you enjoyed this longer chapter, if you did let me know! Your comments keep me writing!
"What do you mean?"
"You're down to your last hour, Avengers. Are my messages not getting through to you?" Osborn said from behind the camera. "Or did I pick the wrong person to bargain with? Maybe this will get my message across a bit better."
Tony didn't hesitate to follow the director up the stairs.
"Yeah, Henry."
Steve scrolled through the pictures. Natasha leaned over Peter to try and get a good look. Peter doubled over so he was almost flat against his thighs, allowing her to get a better view of the camera. The pictures mostly consisted of odd moments in time. A pigeon pecking at a hot dog, the tiny bit of meat it had grabbed a blur of red in the air. A dog using a crosswalk. A couple arguing next to a newsstand. A kind looking old man who was in the middle of speaking to Peter when the teen took the photo. A cat washing itself on a fire escape. Steve tilted his head at the image of a woman with long brown hair. She was in a kitchen, making what looked like Christmas cookies, her face crinkled with laughter. She looked young, but the lines under her eyes told a different story. Her hair color was similar to that of Peter's.
Osborn nodded once. "Of course. What does your heart desire, Doctor Banner?"
Tony flopped down face first on the bed, breathing in the new linen scent.
"Soon, baby," Tony put on a fake smile, not wanting to worry his granddaughter. He had no idea when Peter would come home. He was away on a solo mission. Something to do with someone named Kingpin. Tony knew his son would be fine. He would save the day and come home, bruised but in one piece, just like always. In the back of his mind, Tony knew that eventually, the day would come and Spider-man wouldn't come home. One day KAREN would alert him that she couldn't detect his pulse anymore. Spider-man was reckless and it was only a matter of time. But he wasn't ready to make peace with that fact.
"Thank you, for watching her," Peter said to his father.
"Damn Stark..." Fury shook his head. He put two fingers to his ear, "alright, people. Let's get this show on the road." The Quinjets dove out of the sky, going after Hulk and Doc Ock. Several agents hurried out of the jet on the football field, going straight to Maximoff and putting her in handcuffs that blocked her magic. Spider-man stepped out of the way, looking up when he heard Michelle calling his name.
Tony looked down at the small child, warmth suddenly spreading across his chest when his eyes met hers. Steve looped an arm around his husband’s shoulders, admiring the baby with a warm smile. The soldier whispered, "what's her name?"
Peter ran.
"You can help by letting me go."
"Boring night," Peter huffed.
After letting his team know he was alright, Tony spent the next week avoiding everyone. He stayed in his workshop mostly. A hidden room in the tower where he could exist outside of his armor and work in peace. As Tony got to work on building a new arm, his mind wandered to when the Avengers first assembled two years ago.
Rage boiled up deep inside Peter. "I trusted you."
Steve held his shield in front of him and crept down the hallway. Bucky walked close behind him, fingers twitching on his gun.
"Don't," Peter huffed. "I'm not mad."
Tony snorted at that, "they do when it's aimed at another Stark."
"I remember no such conversation."
"Of course it is..." Tony muttered.
I had waaaay too much fun writing this chapter.
Iron Man made an exasperated noise. "Awful. I can't get a damn thing done with so little space."
"You're a mess," Tony shook his head. "C'mon, everyone's been dying to see you."
Tony nearly choked on his own drink. Steve whirled on Tony, giving him a death glare. "Don't give me that look! I didn't give him alcohol! I swear!" Steve leaned in close to Tony, his glare unwavering. "Really! Jesus, Steve, you're scaring the shit outta me!"
"Why would you need a replacement?" Steve frowned.
Steve decided to switch off his phone. He didn't have to put up with this nonsense. He usually didn't like it when Iron Man picked fights with his teammates, but this time Steve was hoping Iron Man would rough up the archer just enough that he would leave them alone.
"How the hell did that thing get out of the lab?!" Iron Man yelled when he saw Peter fighting for his life against the symbiote. Blood was dripping from a gash in Peter's midriff.
he typed, promptly sending it to everyone on the team. As well as Nick Fury.
"Don't. It's okay." Tony held him close, not wanting to let him go ever again. "You're okay..."
Thor grabbed Bruce and Natasha and used his hammer to fly them to safety. Sam didn't have enough room to use his wings. Instead, he grabbed Bucky and ran. Steve hurried after everyone, but the building was becoming increasingly unstable, and he found it difficult to keep his footing.
A small smile made its way past the pain on Peter's face. He carefully folded up the photo and tucked it into his belt. "Okay, sorry backpack. But I can't keep carrying you around." Peter webbed his bag to the side of a nearby dumpster. "I'll be back, I promise!"
This chapter didn't turn out quite as intense as I said it would. Mostly because I decided to push back a certain scene...
"It's a very real possibility."
"You knew!" Bruce shouted in Bucky's face.
Peter shook his head, "I have too. I don't want anyone else getting hurt because of him. Especially not the Avengers. The world needs them."
Slowly, Peter put on his mask, tucking the ends of it into the neck of his suit. He tightened the straps on his bag and zipped up his jacket. "Alright. Let's do this." Spider-man threw himself from the window, landing gracefully two stories below. The frost crunched under him as he sprinted across the lawn.
"Okay, but what if you did? And he loved you back?"
The first voice spoke again. "
"No, Captain. I will let you know if that changes."
"I was hoping you wouldn't come here. This wasn't how the plan was supposed to go. I'd rather kill the Avengers and let you watch-"
Steve pushed Tony behind him, "
"What about Peter?"
"You're awful," Ned commented.
Tony stared at the file, afraid to open it. Fury snatched the phone from him and pressed play.
"No, I don't. Even if they are people like him," Peter lowered his head. They sat in silence for a minute before Peter spoke up again. "I'm glad I did it, though. Something had to be done. Or he would've just kept coming after me."
"You sure?" Thor asked, his hand ghosting over Bruce's back. The god didn't seem at all bothered by the cold, or the snowflakes fluttering in the breeze.
"Peter? What does he have to do with this?" Spidey turned on the tablet by tapping the screen. His lenses blinked, surprised to see his own X-rays and list of injuries. As well as grainy video footage of himself, dressed in civilian clothes, running away from several heavily armed men. The footage was only a few seconds long, due to him and his attackers disappearing into an alley. Another video showed the men making their escape in a black van. No license plate.
"Are they all like that?" Spider-man sat up and looked around. The remaining students didn't look like they were under Wanda's spell. And Michelle wasn't attacking him.
Steve sat in the passenger seat of Tony's car. The two men were silent as Tony drove through the streets of Queens. They had found the stranded Quinjet at the location Fury had given them. No sign of the rogue Avengers. Or Peter. The Avengers had decided to split up and search the area at street level. Steve and Tony were the only ones in a car. Everyone else was on foot, checking back alleys and asking around. Steve had Tony's phone in his lap. The scientist had set news alerts for the keywords "Spider-man", "Scarlet Witch", and "Hulk" before giving the phone to Steve to monitor. So far there had been no hits.
Spider-man stood in the doorway, mouth agape. He had gone to retrieve his mask but got side tracked when he heard familiar voices.
"They might not be on good terms with Spider-man. Look, I'm not going to question a fucking Avenger-" Toomes cut himself off when he spotted a splotch of red against black. "He's here."
Tony groaned in response.
"Stop talking about me like I'm not here," Tony hissed. Clint looked a bit taken aback by the spite in his tone.
"Stark won't eat," Bucky hissed. "I tried to force him, but his arm turned into this...canon thing." He held up his forearm and used his other hand to make a circular motion around his wrist. "Didn't know it could do that...anyway. Not the point. Point is, he won't eat, and I'd rather not get my head blown off."
my world."
"Mr. Stark. I have found something you may want to see," The Vision floated calmly over to said man. Tony didn't seem to hear him until Vision dropped a backpack onto his lap. It was a standard tan school bag, although the tiny Star Wars pins on the straps were all too familiar.
"That, I don't know." Tony shrugged. "Maybe he was making a joke about Hawk Eye?"
"What if she doesn't though? Oh god, Tony..." Bucky was struggling to hold it together.
They could hear metal clashing against metal somewhere ahead. Along with the roar of Iron Man's repulsors. The walls shook with one of the more powerful blasts.
"What?"
"You're done. Stay here."
"Sure was," the man grinned. There was something about his smile that was familiar to Peter, but he couldn't quite put his finger on it. "Let me buy you breakfast."
"So aggressive," Clint muttered as he continued to look around the workshop. It looked like something straight out of a sci-fi movie.
Peter stuck his tongue out, making no move to sit correctly on the furniture.
"Why are you here, then?" Steve frowned.
"Are you sure that's wise-"
That's how long Tony Stark had been missing.
Tony didn't say anything at first. His puffy red eyes still fixed on the floor. "He's-the body-it's gone..."
"You're trying to take my place?" Iron Man asked.
(See the end of the chapter for
"Patch 'em through," Tony picked up his cell phone.
"But say a dog
Peter used his webbing to grab his mask from the other side of the table. Tony watched him out of the corner of his eye. It was strange seeing the webs come out of his actual wrist. Peter refused to use the organic webs in combat, although he seemed to have no problem using them for simple tasks. Or for pranks. The moment Peter came home, he and Clint had been acting like the hounds of hell. No one was able was safe from their shenanigans. Except for, of course, Natasha. They may be idiots, but they didn't have a death wish.
"What the fuck?!" Tony started pressing random buttons, "come back!" After a few minutes, the screens came back on. "Where'd they go..."
Brush dismissed them once more, "Ultron is not the answer."
"I never said I was on your side!" Clint protested. Tony threw a snowball at him, but it missed and hit Natasha. That's when all hell broke loose.
"No. God no." Tony drew in a shaky breath. Steve moved closer and wrapped his arms around the trembling man.
The Vision tilted his head, now intrigued.
Rhodey sighed, "I know. And I don't want Tony getting yelled at as soon as he walks through the door. Which is why I think he should stay here a bit longer. Maybe talk things out over the phone-"
"Do you have to do that right here?" Bucky groaned. The cyborg was seated on the floor, his right arm in pieces on the table. "Don't you have, I don't know, a
"Stark, if you drop my daughter I'm going to beat your ass," Michelle threatened from where she lay on the hospital bed.
"Fuck off, Barnes!" Tony threw a pillow at him. He noticed the milk on the nightstand and gulped down every last drop. The cold liquid feeling good against his abused throat. Tony asked for more, but Bucky brought him water instead, figuring that it was probably better for him.
Clint frowned, "don't joke about that."
"You guys took me in. Steve and Tony raised me as one of their own. I was happy for a long time. But my spider sense tells me that you people don't really care about me."
Peter looked over at his father, his expression hidden by his mask. "I do."
"Has anyone seen Pete?" Clint hovered behind the couch that Steve was sitting in.
"I'm sorry," was all that Tony could think to say.
"Get out," Clint pointed at the door.
"I'm not the one who set the lawn on fire. Twice." Iron Man appeared behind Clint, with Bucky at his side. Clint stuck his tongue out at the robot. "Mature." Iron Man tilted his head up as if he were rolling his eyes. "I'll make the popcorn, Thor. Go find Bruce."
"The kid go to his room or something?" Tony asked, stepping out of his armor and letting it walk itself back to the lab.
"Right away, sir."
"What did happen then?" Steve frowned.
"Myself," Tony snickered.
Steve took a deep breath and pulled a stool over to sit next to Tony. "Because Spider-man is a part of Peter. He can't just walk away from it, no matter how much he wants to. Peter won't be able to turn a blind eye to all the bad things in this world. He cares too much. Has to strong of a need to help those less fortunate. We'll have to give him some time, but he will come around."
Wanda was still webbed to the ground. Her eyes glowed red, and energy swirled around her hands. Spider-man punched her right in the face, knocking her out with one blow. "That's enough...of that..." Peter dropped to his knees.
"Yes, Captain Rogers?"
"Chat? You're the last person I want to talk to right now." Peter slammed the microwave door shut and punched in the numbers so hard he nearly cracked the screen.
"The whole team is back at the compound now," Bucky said to Rhodey.
"What sort of stuff?" Natasha frowned.
"What?"
This story takes place right before Age of Ultron, but I figured with Tony's life situation, he would advance through the various iterations of his armor at a much faster rate.
"I thought I muted you?" Iron Man snarled.
"Stop picking fights with my spider," Peter warned.
"Back in black. I like it," Clint commented.
"I'm busy tomorrow." Spider-man turned his attention back to the streets below.
Falcon grinned and clapped a hand on Iron Man's shoulder. "Welcome back. We could really use your help."
"Don't get your panties in a twist, Winter," Tony blasted his way into the secret room that housed rows upon rows of computers. Ancient computers by Tony's standards. Tony almost had a heart attack when he saw the internet explorer icon on one of the screens. Iron Man scanned the room. No guards in sight. No heat signatures. Strange. Tony took a chip out of a compartment in his forearm and plugged it into one of the computers. "Get me everything, Jarvis."
Tony growled. "If you liked him so much, then why did you experiment on him?" He struggled to keep his voice level. "The kid looked up to you, Bruce. Why did you do it?"
Bucky was silent during the entire conversation. He sat at the other end of the table, staring at the coffee in his hands. He hadn't seen Iron Man since he found out his secret a few days ago. The cyborg seemed to be going out of his way to avoid him. Steve may be his closest and oldest friend, but Tony was Bucky's best friend. He would never betray the man's trust by telling the Avengers his secret. Surely Tony knew that. So why was he avoiding him?
"Hulk Buster is armed and ready," FRIDAY reported.
"Right," Steve turned his whole body to face him. "But you power down a lot. Isn't that like sleeping?"
"I thought I muted you?"
"You gave us quite a scare, kid."
He screamed. No one heard.
All eyes suddenly turned in Spider-man's direction.
"Unlock the tower," Peter ordered. "You have no right to keep me here."
Tony clenched his fists. "ARGH!" In one sweeping motion, he knocked everything off his workbench. For a moment, he got some sick satisfaction with destroying the items that had been in front of him. He spun around and punched the nearest object, a computer screen. The crack his fist left was also satisfying. But he needed something more. Before he knew what he was really doing, Tony was tearing his workshop apart. Smashing half-finished projects, breaking the glass walls, ripping apart the blueprints for the Iron Man suit.
"Wait, Peter, I didn't mean it like that! I'm sorry-" Tony said quickly, his expression softening. It was too late. The damage was done and Peter was racing out of the room.
"How come I'm dad number two if he doesn't even call you dad?" Steve crossed his arms.
"Can we trust each other?" Vision asked, "you all have been hiding various secrets from one another. I think it would be difficult for us all to stay a team after recent events."
"Henry's not hurting anyone," Peter muttered under his breath. He crawled up the wall, sticking his head into the vent. No tarantula.
Steve nodded, looking around at all the bots in awe. He spotted an Iron Man helmet one of the tables and picked it up. He realized it was the one he had worn when they first met. Iron Man had been making small changed to his armor since then. His overall build was a lot more compact now. It was sleeker, the metal plates coming together seamlessly. Steve flipped the helmet over, expecting it to look like the inside of a computer. But it didn't. It was empty. Just a helmet. "Huh," Steve set it back down.
"I have a plan," Peter pulled up the schematics for the Iron Spider on one of the computers. "How quickly can we rebuild this?"
Tony put a hand on his chest but said nothing.
Weeks into months.
"We did. But they look cool." Peter shrugged.
"Goddamnit!" War Machine cursed.
"You're human," Bucky blurted out.
"You're not helping, Sam." Tony pointed his fork at him.
Peter nodded and laid back down. Michelle was next to him. His father was watching over them. His family was no doubt close by. He was honestly expecting the Vision to float through the wall at any moment. Safe. Peter felt safe. Tony tucked the blankets around Peter and kissed his forehead before returning to his seat at the desk. Peter traced the scar on his forearm. "Dad?"
