“What? Do you own this town or something?” Stark smirks. “Like you could stop me from staying.”
“Her name was Aria bey’Carbonelli. She’d been fostered and named by the Family,” Tony supplies and turns to Pep as she gapes at him. He cocks an eyebrow and then turns back to the antiquated screen. “I’m her son and heir. Therefore that omega is mine. Prepare him for bonding. I’ll be in the bonding room.”
“Tony, I-.”
“JARVIS, clear the windows.”
“Bo- what?”
“There’s Sam,” Natasha says and waits. She wants him to accept either of them during his heat. He would under other circumstances, but maybe under other circumstances he wouldn’t be in this position in the first place. “He’s there for you. I’m there for you.”
When Steve touches the shield of light again, the nanobots congregate around his grasp and then he feels the weight of it lift off the clasp. It’s a different feel than the real thing, but the fact that he can feel it, touch it, makes him believe it would do some damage. “Once I get a chance, I can test it.”
She left him then in the strangely stripped down Helicarrier. His mind spun, and dizziness threatened. Easing back into the thin pillow, Steve steadied himself, but his unsettled nerves pulsed and jittered. What Natasha had told him meant nothing and everything to him. In many ways, it frightened him. Grasping how it affected his life felt more like he’d caught a tiger by the tail. Any minute it would snap at him, biting away at him, devouring his hopes and dreams.
“Okay?” Steve wonders if Stark brought his entire household with him on the train from San Francisco.
“Great,” Steve muttered.
Seven men circle Steven now.
Pepper has left.
“Yeah. Soon.” In actuality, he feels like he needs to sleep for a week. The mind game of reality mixes and distorts. Part of him knows about his healing factor and the other part sticks in the past where he’s 98 pounds soaking wet and coughing up a lung because he’s soaking wet. None of that doubt helps him recover in this dreamed up world.  He needs to focus on something else.
Both Pepper and Rhodey glance down at their plates, eyes everywhere  else but focused on Steve and Tony. Carol raises an eyebrow at Tony. “Tones, I think he can do what he wants on his own time.”
“I’m not a fragile doll,” he says and it’s softer and not an accusation.
Even though he wants to comfort Tony, no energy to move stifles his attempt. He slowly sinks into oblivion again. When he wakes Tony’s standing near the entrance way to their little hideout. Steve’s not sure where – he can’t remember. He thinks they talked about it. He thinks Tony might have answered. As he stares silently at Tony in his partial armor, facing away from him, Steve realizes he’s clutching something in his right hand. He opens it to find his compass – the one with Peggy’s photograph. A weak smile crosses his lips. The Smithsonian had salvaged it, long before they found him. Who knows how the photo or the compass survived? He conjured it into his backpack, thinking they might need a compass. But he supposes that was a silly assumption in Ultron’s game. He didn’t have his backpack the last he recalled.
“You didn’t come back. I was worried about you. Thought you might like to eat.” He places the small container of food he gathered on a table close to the instrument.
He needs to get his head on straight, everyone tells him, yammers at him. He needs to go to the office, settle the investors. Instead, he’s on a midnight flight to Afghanistan again, his body surrounded by metal and he’s cruising toward the next terrorist conclave. Even Pepper’s cries couldn’t stop him.
“Can I?” Steve said with his forehead pressed against Tony’s shoulder.
“Can I? Would it be possible to try again?” Steve searched his face, his eyes flickering around Tony as if he couldn’t believe what he saw or touched. “It’s just a dream, I know. But can I try again?”
“I don’t, I don’t know,” Tony says and there’s a hitch to his shoulders and then he looks up, tilting his head back. “I don’t fucking know, because I was too damned wrapped up in everything that happened to me. I got a fucking hole in my chest, I have a battery hooked up to me like I’m some kind of weird Frankenstein’s monster. I could only think about how it affected me. I refused, I refused to help them and they shot him in the head. His brains-.” He looks down and scrubs at the dirt and rock floor with his foot. “His brains were everywhere. I still find little hard gelatinous pieces of them.” He’s visibly shaking now.
They talk a little more about Avengers business but fall into more intimate conversation as Tony explains his falling out with Pepper. “She couldn’t accept me as Iron Man. I understand her distress, but I couldn’t sit on my hands. It’s who I am.”
Steve whispers something and, to Tony, it seems like he can’t look up and meet his gaze. “It means all my memories are false, fake. They’re his memories. The other Steve.”
Steve bites back the words wanting to spill out of his mouth. He focuses on the task at hand. “The agreement was that you would have me and free the others.”
“There’s more to be dealt with than your transgression, Bruce,” Natasha said. Her intensity filled the room with darkness – even with the large picture windows it filled the room like sudden storm clouds. “I need you to find out what’s happening with your human – as soon as possible.” She focused on Tony. “He probably knows more now or, if he doesn’t, we can glean what he knows from how they’ve gone after him.”
He hopes it is enough, but he knows it isn’t. The nightmare isn’t over for Steve, but Bucky is determined to end it. As they round the corner and Bucky sights the opening to the outside; he trudges through the last of the muck. It falls like a brown waterfall into the riverbed below. Bucky hits his earbud as he sets Steve down. “We need an evac. I repeat, we need an evac. We can’t make it on our own. We won’t be able to get to the rendezvous point and I lost my weapon.”
“You okay back there?” Steve asks.
He nods and takes the condom. “Chocolate?”
“Like?” Tony asked and waited but that’s when Bruce clammed up. “Oh I get it. It’s only for the pack.”
“It’s early yet.”
“God, Tony you kiss like you’re kissing Fury.”
“But most of the time, you will stay,” Tony says as he moves to the door near the bedroom. “Here.” He waves his ring and the door slides open to the presentation suite. “When you are not performing in your warrior capacity, you will be showing your loyalty, fealty, and submission to me.”
Sam rubbed at his eyes and then asked,  “Where’s here? What friends?” He grabbed at the side of the table as if he might leap off.
“Let’s go get you some wings,” Steve said and Sam laughed as they left the apartment, Natasha leading the way.
“I’ll send you the results.”
Happy excuses himself and then Steve’s left alone with Pepper and Rhodes. He licks his lips and waits. Everything seems to quiet in the eerily decorated room. It really does look like a salon from medieval days. He clears his throat and asks, “What’s this about?” He can’t stand the pressure of waiting any longer.
With the new tactic in mind, Steve reached out to find the identity of Clint in the pack. He needed to finish the bond. He didn’t know exactly how to repair a bond, nor did he know how to fix a bond that never really was, but he pursued its tangles. He sought them. The energy turned from cold and foreboding to hot and dangerous. It sparked and burnt within them. He could see how it seeped into Clint, how it devoured his mind. Like tentacles it slithered through Clint, consuming him as he fought to get away, but he couldn’t because the viper was inside of him, inside his being. For one bright moment, Steve understood that their souls existed not as part of them, but as their spirits trapped onto the physical plane. At this moment, Clint’s soul struggled to gain its freedom, to disembark these Earthly bindings. So Steve became the pursuer.
Still clutching the book, Steve hurries back to the counter. “Can I help you?”
“Fuck you! Fuck you!” Clint yelled. He went to throw the canister at them, but the gorilla of an agent caught his arm and grabbed the bottle, twisting Clint’s arm.
“How? How is that possible?” Bruce asks his eyes a glinting with anger. Steve catches his arm to try and calm him.
“I think so. I can’t get anything else. There’s not much charge left in the comm’s battery, I think.” He knows Tony engineered it so that the comm would have a separate energy source than the rest of the Quin Jet. It’s a surprise to him that Ultron kept it that way, but it shows Ultron’s linear thinking and might offer an advantage to them.
Steve took the straw in his cracked lips and met Clint’s gaze. He wanted to tell him it was all right. Again he wanted to lie to Clint and tell him everything would be fine, but the words wouldn’t come, because Tony was probably dead and Steve would hang here for as long as they wanted and they would have vampires feed off of him until they found whatever they were looking for – his brain fogged and the reasons escaped him.
“Thanks. It was my mom’s.” Steve smiles and, instead of listening to the ocean, gazes at his clasped hand. He doesn’t want to let go, though he knows he should.
“What position? Dictator of the year? You know that the Science Faction, the Systems’ factions, the Beyonds, none of them are going to agree to the installation of a dictator.” Tony turns away from Stane, his eyes drift to the doorway where Steve peers out. He must catch a glimpse of Steve because his shoulders sag and he looks defeated – if only for a second before Stane starts to talk again, then his shoulders go rigid with tension.
“Let’s do this,” Nat said. She handed him the shield as Clint swing down from the tree.
White light temporarily blinds him, and he groans. A feeling like a tether lassoed under his sternum tightens as if it tries to yank him away from listening. “Wh-what?” His voice is still rough from the injury.
The dreams that haunted him came back to jeer at him. The dreams were erotic, so sexual and so detailed. Their physicality overwhelmed him. The tenement apartment, Tony lying next to him, Tony breaching him. As he thought about it, he grew hard and the shame ached through him. What was wrong with him?
He catches Rhodes expression and he clearly does not approve of the pairing. He telegraphs his displeasure to Steve, and something else – Steve nods in understanding. He’ll talk with Rhodes and Pepper who has stepped to the side of the former First Patrol officer and shows concern.
“Release yourself from a vow that Erskine would never hold you to. One thing I did learn in all my reading was that you are one stubborn son of a bitch. You can hold onto this promise, but the truth is – the truth is if Erskine was alive today, he would never hold you to it. He wouldn’t even ask it of you. He would want you to be happy.” He removes Steve’s hands from his face. “Tell me, Steve, can you be happy with me?”
“Yeah, Tony, I think we are,” Steve said. “We might not be like other soul packs, but you – all of you – but you especially taught me that this is a thing we do together. You are my core, my fulcrum. I can’t do this without you. And with you as my center, everything and everyone else revolves around us.”
“Probably not, but I could be cast down, cast to Hell and you would be doomed and I can’t do that to you, Tony. I can’t, you mean too much to me,” Steve says and realizes how very stupid, how very close he’d come to condemning Tony forever. “I can’t have Pierce, or the Red Skull or anyone get their hands on you.”
Thor is up there as is Tony's friend, Happy. They're up there holding Bucky down as Bruce works to clean the wound, lance out the poison, and gets the fragments of the knife out of Bucky's internal organs. Squeezing his eyes shut, Steve leans against the window frame and clamps a hand over his eyes. Tony puts a hand on his shoulder, and Steve's grateful but he cannot allow it. He moves away and doesn't look back to see if there's disappointment in Tony's eyes.
“Go to sleep.”
“You can’t leave me,” Tony says and even in his ears it sounds weak. He’s a child again. His father rages, his mother cries, and he hides.
“Oh,” Steve says, and a sadness fills him. “That’s – let’s try something else.”
“Thanks,” Steve says and dabs at the drop of blood. Bruce puts a small bandage on it.
“The universe is wrong,” Tony said. “And Christ, I could do without the constant headache from this crap.”
“It is your right,” Steven says and waits for Tony to take action.
Doctor Cho waved for him to follow her and she began giving him a short tour of the facilities. “I’ve only been here for about three weeks. I’m planning on staying for about two months or so. But according to what I know, Mister Stark set this whole facility up for the Avengers team. Didn’t you know that?”
cut from the same cloth. Growing up in the shadow of Captain America memories influenced Tony. He couldn’t deny it. At first, he’d loved Cap and tried to emulate him, but then he resented Cap and lashed out at everything and everyone who symbolized Captain America. Yet, now he found himself in a different place. A different thought process when he thought of Captain America. Maybe because he’d met Steve, started to know Steve and the persona of Captain America faded away. He began to see who Steve was and how they slotted together. Steve and Tony approached the fighting the good fight in different ways: justice, responsibility, accountability, and freedom all wrapped up into sides of the same coin. And now they were bonded together and they were part of a pack that hopefully would protect and save the world. For once, Tony wasn’t alone in his fight and then he realized it with a gasp.
“No, I don’t,” Steven says and then he drops his hands. Tony feels a chill run up his spine. “I wish I could, I wish there was some way to bridge the divide. We should be a pair. I know we should. It’s part of our biology, but the way you were trained, this society trains you – changes everything. It’s not how it’s supposed to be – not with an alpha and omega like us.”
Instead Tony curved around in the air and headed back to DC.  As he made his way toward the hospital the smoldering remains of the wreckage from the downfall of SHIELD lay before him. He landed near what was left of the Triskelion, opening the face plate and surveying what was left of the building. As he stared he ordered, “JARVIS, get me Rhodey on the phone.”
Once he talked about it. As Steve lowered himself onto Tony and then rocked in a slow, agonizing motion, Tony gulped for breath and dreamed out loud.
Rumlow weighed what Tony threatened. Tony watched as he went through the possibilities. Just as Tony was about to offer proof of his intentions, Rumlow arched a brow and said, “No skin off my nose. You don’t even know who he is. He could be someone that was a murderer, that volunteered. That gets
“Best friend. You know the drill. Friends in school, caused all kinds of trouble for the teachers. When my Ma died, he was there for me. Said I didn’t have to do it alone, would be with me until the end of the line.” Steve stared into the middle distance. “I couldn’t stay at Brooklyn. The money Peggy and Mike had to use just to buy my meds was prohibited.” He shrugged and faced Tony again. “I took the vid courses. Got signed up with Natasha and she sent the money for the meds even before I was officially on her payroll. She probably saved my life.”
Tony searches around and grabs his stenopad. He rarely uses it, but sometimes when Pepper comes in he likes to pretend he’s too busy to talk to her about the mundane business stuff. He uses it to doodle. He scoops up a pen. “Will this do?”
Steve groans and stops him. “Tony, no, please.”
“Surely, I do not know, Mer Rogers. But perhaps you may broach it differently. Tell your friend that you are now employed as an Escort?”
Tony notices that one of the doctor trails behind him, but he doesn’t decrease his pace. Tony sweeps into the ICU room, startling the nurse who sits at a small console monitoring Steve’s vital signs. She has a small kindle in her hand, and Tony nearly barks at her. She swiftly pockets the kindle in her white coat. He says nothing but goes to Steve’s bedside.
“What?” Tony laughs as he reaches out and touches his bedside table with one hand and then placing the empty glass on the coaster. “No. I always need a PA. This job isn’t just about you helping me with the glasses, Steve. I need you here. You’re an integral part of the team. Jarvis, Pepper, all of them. Hell, I might ask Wanda to come and cook so Ana will have some time off.”
He had to admit, Steve had come around a bit lately. Since the cabin, he seemed more open to Tony, more willing to accept the fated Beloved bond. But how much and how deep, Tony still didn’t know.  Tony had to get this whole thing, the whole dreamscape farce, out of his head. In a few hours he would be attending a funeral. He surely didn’t need to be pondering the possibilities of wandering around dreamland hoping to fuck Captain America again.
“No, you can’t. We have to make it look like you’re working with them. You know that. For this to work,” Steve says, and Tony’s smile dissipates until only the truth lines his face. The fear and the love mix together to show only despondency. He shakes his head and crosses the distance between them. He brings Tony into his embrace and holds him. “This is going to work. We’re going to change everything.”
Steve faces away for a moment. This is not his life, not his place to dream of being with a prince, at a prince’s side. His life isn’t a bad one, but it never was his dream. He concedes, “I’ll miss you too.” He doesn’t look Tony in the eye. “Maybe we should be getting back?” He doesn’t want to waste another moment with Tony. Not another moment. He wants to hold Tony and be with him and weld enough memories into his brain that it will last a lifetime.
Howard growled at Maria. “Look, now you have him acting as idiotic as you.” His father turned toward Tony across the long distance of the formal dining table. “It’s not a magic cube. There’s no such thing as magic. Magic is just science we haven’t figured out yet.”
“He’s the one we have been looking for all these years.”
“Means his brother is a good deal more mischievous than would be good for anyone,” Clint fills in and then thanks Darcy as she places another two mugs on the table.
“What does that mean?” Steve asks. He’s always meant to watch Star Trek – it’s just that 70 years is a lot to catch up on.
The horror on Luke’s face is mirrored by Steve’s features. He truly hates it and shifts a glance at Tony to confirm he heard correctly. As Luke drops Steve slumps in his seat not really watching the rest of the movie. When the end comes, he’s distracted and cleaning up the popcorn and waters.
Over the beat of the helicopter and the roar of the engine, Steve says, “I’m going to put my arm around your shoulders and lead you to the helicopter. I think it’s safer that way.”
He feels Steve smile against his skin. “Well, I guess that’s depends on your point of view.”
As they head toward the concourse, Clint studies him and then asks, “You doing okay?”
Finally, Steve finds his words. “Don’t do this. You can’t do this.” He whips around to Tony, beseeching him to believe his words. “I didn’t know. I told you it was indirect evidence. I didn’t see anything direct- Nat. Natasha tell him.” He’s forgotten himself. This isn’t Natasha, but a non-player character – another aspect of Ultron himself.
Steve glances at the pile of wires and the parts to the disassembled armor on the bench. “Oh, I’m sorry. I thought we were on for lunch today? Are you busy?”
"It's second nature to me now." He gestures but Sam tells him to stop since he's grasping Bucky under the arms.
“I hate there’s a but.”
“There has to be Northern Lights, we should be able to see them,” Tony says and races past Steve toward the stairs.
“You look as tired as I feel, buddy.” He waves the lion over and wraps his arm over his shoulders. “Let’s go get a bath.”
Without much leverage, Tony tried his damnest to kick up at his attacker but there was no stopping him. Possessed, obsessed failed to describe his feral expression, his singular intent. Murder was his intent, murdering Tony right in the little hovel apartment where Tony once had Steve on his knees sucking at his dick.
“I know you’re there. I can hear you breathing,” Tony says. He tries to get comfortable in bed and then asks, “What time of day is it? My circadian rhythm is all wonky again.”
“It’s evening, probably around 9 or so.”
They are sitting nearly nose to nose. He feels the warmth of Tony’s breath against him. He wants Tony to touch more of him, his wings. “If I laid down, would you, would you massage my wings?”
For the first time that early morning, Tony grins at Steve. “Is that a challenge?”
Clint also known as the Hawk of the Sentinel Guardians turns to them from the pilot seat. Over the roar of the engines he yells, "We got bogeys coming in. Brace for impact."
“That’s the idea,” Steve says. “You ready? Want to get your tablet out to check me?”
He must fall asleep contemplating his displacement. When he wakes it’s too the smell of coffee. Sitting up he rubs at his eyes and looks over to the window. It’s still snowing, and still light out. He couldn’t have slept that long.
She persisted. “He’s not a vampire anymore.”
“Since you’re so sure why don’t you tell me. ,” Tony said and knew he should have kept his mouth shut.
“Sure feels like it is,” Tony said, and then he glanced around the room. “Or I’m dreaming and you’re in my dream.”
“You want to know what my Kryptonite is? You really want to know, Stark?” He pushes down into the snow with his hands on either side of Tony’s head. He’s ruining Tony’s angel. He doesn’t wait for Tony’s answer. “It’s you. Always you. I haven’t stop thinking about you, wanting you since that day in the Helicarrier. No, not when we fought because I know that’s the moment you would go to – the moment we figured out together where Loki would strike. I knew we were a match. I could fucking feel what you were going to say, what you were going to do. When you flew that bomb up into the void, my heart split open and I knew for sure if you didn’t come back that I wouldn’t stay, that I would do everything in my power to leave and disappear. It’s always been you, Tony. Always.”
After, Steve found his way back to his apartment, somewhat revitalized for the battles ahead.  When he found the rooms quiet and empty, something panged in his heart. A loneliness rubbed deep. He didn’t like not being with Tony now. Tony’s transformation changed him to Steve’s shield.  Their relationship would shift now, even more so then before. They were both Divini and Tony didn’t need Steve’s blood anymore. Were they still mated? Tony had said they were – in so many ways. Steve drifted to the balcony, the sun. The sun drew Steve, and denying it was foolish. Steve went to the lounger on the balcony and laid down. His muscles ached, his head throbbed, and a hollow empty place in his chest seeped through him like a poison. The reinvented hope in his heart felt distant and foolish in the silence of his apartment.  Since his imprisonment, Steve spent most of his time unmoored. The little time he dedicated to himself had been like this: alone, swallowed up by the enormity of what had happened and what was going to happen. He wasn’t himself anymore – he knew that – not the Steve Rogers that grew up on the mean streets of the early 20th century.  He wasn’t even Captain America anymore.
“So, let me take care of you a little longer. Tea and soup?” Tony asks. With a nod, Steve agrees. He could eat. In fact, soup doesn’t sound like quite enough, but it’s a start. Tony says, “I can have Vision bring it up. Wanda made fresh bread.”
“Still old fashioned, sir; I have a soft spot for tradition. We did things differently in my day and we respected those who fought and died to save the world,” Steve said as he notched his thumbs in his belt. “I don’t think that inclusiveness is a bad thing, Secretary.”
“No, it’s not just words. If I, if I’m with you like that, I’ll bond to you, you’ll bond to me. Most humans know nothing of bonds because their strictly forbidden.”
Tony kicks out as if to work through the pain. “What the hell does it matter, just leave it.”
He slashes at the connection to the vessel. He knows full well he will bleed and bleed a lot, but he can sacrifice a little blood for this.  He sways as the nausea of pain over takes him. It’s almost too much, it almost stops him. But he seizes the gland in one hand and does one more brutal cut as he screams out from the pain. It’s done. In seconds it’s done and he throws the useless gland in the sink. He didn’t leave the root like the scientists did. It shouldn’t grow back. For minutes he stands there, gripping the edge of the sink and staring at the gland – his bonding gland. Blood stains it, stains the porcelain of the sink.
“That was it?”
Like all dens, he’d found it by word on the street and a few clues passed to him with an exchange of funds. Lower rent districts were the best places to find dens and this one had not been an exception to that rule. The low lighting in the vacant storefront threw the cops and the V-Corps off. He slipped through the dark rooms and then searched until he discovered an old refrigerator blocking a door to the basement. With his vampire strength he pushed it aside and then squeezed past it. It had a rope attached to the back so that any vampire could easily yank the fridge back in place to hide the door. He did so without instruction. He ducked down and followed the stairs with its half steps and creaking risers to the basement level. A bouncer type human sat at the foot of the stairs and rubbed his fingers together. Tony gave him the requisite amount and then the bouncer waved him through to the main room in the basement.
That couldn’t be it, of course. But Strange’s encounter with that Drummer guy had happened sometime before – Tony wasn’t sure of the dates or the times. He was actually fairly certain that Strange couldn’t pin it down either anymore. Fucking with time probably did that.
“So sparring right now is out.” Tony crosses his arms and studies his companion. “How about a bath? I bet you would enjoy a spa bath and a massage.”
“GAH!”
Steve presses his hand over Tony’s on his bicep. “We’ve bumped into one of your biggest fans.”
He continued, “What really hurt is that I thought we were friends. I really did.”
“Well, it’s not all that accepted everywhere now. There are countries that outlaw it, that kill gay people. Shit, there are parts of this country that bend over backwards to make it so gay people don’t want to live there.”
Sam, with arms folded across his chest, said, “I wouldn’t think to do anything else.”
“I need you to say you’re ready. I need to know you can hold on, not come. If you come you don’t get to have me,” Steve warns, and he splays his fingers one more time.
“What?” Steve sets out the jam, the syrup, and butter. “The Post Office is an essential service. And if anyone tells you different, they are full of beans. Plus, it’s loads cheaper than any of the corporate services.” He digs into his plate of pancakes and bacon. He’s actually layered the bacon in between the six pancakes.
“What you mean not wear the glasses for an extended period of time?” He stands up from the lounge chair and slips his phone in his pocket along with his earbuds. “Oh sure, I love it. Going au natural. Lots of fun.”
Tony can’t tell why this feels like a burst bubble to him. They’d all bunked together at Barton’s. It’d been a tight fit with three to a room. “Well, I guess we get to pick.”
When the elevator arrived, JARVIS announced Captain Rogers and then fell silent as Steve peered into the laboratory space and stepped off of the lift. His gaze traveled over the lab but hopped over to Bruce. A look of relief mixed with concern moved over his expression as he took in the state of the laboratory but also that Bruce seemed relatively calm. And himself.
“And did it?”
“How does it feel?”
“I’m pretty sure I had that on my order list.” In the kitchen Tony starts rummaging through the refrigerator where he finds heinously huge stacks of deli meats. “What are we going to do with all this food. There was supposed to be six of us.”
It was a small cell, but not as small as the one that they had held Tony in when they first brought him to the Triskelion. The room was dark, except for a puddle of light in the center where a figure chained to the ceiling hung. Too many people were in the room with the gurney so it felt tight, closed in. The figure with his back to the door had scars along his back as if he’d been struck by lightning. Tony identified the Lichtenberg figures, fractals of the strike marring the skin. It twisted around the torso, branching out like a strange tree along the wounds on his chest. There were other wounds, older that looked like they were burns, and a stab wound in his abdomen that hadn’t healed. When Tony looked up, his soul ached and his hopes dropped.
They become frantic and crazed in their pursuit. Bucking against Tony, Steve reaches up and pulls him in for a kiss. As their lips meet, Tony freezes and his body jerks and for one horrible moment Steve thinks that Tony’s heart has given out, but the hot flood of semen across his erection clears away the fear and doubt.
“Jarvis has been around forever and continually pranks me with Sir or Master all the time.” Tony slips onto one of the stools at the island. “What’s for lunch?”
“I’ll let Nat tell you about that little surprise. Did cause some issues with Bruce, but Thor showed up on time this morning to quiet things down,” Clint said. “You should have hitched a ride with him.”
“Are you okay?” Steve asked.
For a moment, Steve holds back but Tony encourages with a slight swallowing action that sends thrills through him. Steve reacts, groaning and flinging his hands out as if he’s frightened of touching Tony. But Tony catches a hand and places it on his head. And then all bets are off. Steve grips his hair, thuds into his mouth with a wild, unbridled need. He recalls Steve telling him his customers usually don’t care if Steve gets off. This night, for tonight, Tony is going to make up for that – for all the days and nights that Steve has been left empty and hopeless.
(See the end of the chapter for
“My dad was a tag along on that experiment. On a lot of experiments.” Tony chews on his toast. Steve only gave him two eggs but that’s more than enough for him. He drinks his coffee.
Natasha reached for the bowl of berries again. “Everyone makes the same mistake about Steve, they think that Captain America and Steve Rogers are the same person. Steve Rogers is the ninety pound weakling. He’s the one who couldn’t get a date to save his life.”
“It’s Tony, Ghost-Doctor,” Tony whispers.
“Stop calling me that,” Fury says and walks around the table so that he’s directly opposite of Steve. “I have a proposition for you.”
Tony smiles at her and there’s a silent communication between the two that scandalizes Steve and he only clears his throat and wonders if he should leave.
“Your Soul Keeper is the one who should be stopped. He’s keeping souls here to feast on. He’s captured the souls so that they cannot move on, cannot find peace, cannot be reborn. You don’t know it because you’re not the Silver Knight. You never were. This isn’t the world you were born to.” He lifts his hand and clamps an armored gauntlet around the tip of the Silver Knight’s sword. “You know this. You’ve laid in bed at night and have the nightmares and dreams. And when you wake up you wonder if everything you know is a lie.”
Steve Rogers.
“No.” Pierce stayed perfectly composed. Ross delighted in the performance. Pierce smiled at Clint. “He eats what we give him. He drinks that whole bottle or your youngest will be a snack for the next vampire we capture.”
A knock on the door and then a woman enters. She’s slender and her dark tightly coiled hair is chopped short. She wears large hooped gold earrings and an elaborately printed dress. He stands when she enters.
Tony had clapped him on the back and leaned into whisper, “Welcome to my life, Cap.”
Bucky flared his nostrils in response but bobbed in his head in agreement. “Yeah. This is for Stevie.”
The customer picks up the book and says, “Do you mind?”
No one impeded its progress as the skeletal manifestation of Tony crept across the floor, inching ever closer to the beaten and bleeding Steve. It dug its bony fingers into the floor and pulled itself toward the feast. Tony shook his head, wanting his body to stop. He attempted to force himself back into the body, but nothing availed him. He cried out, but no real noise penetrated the room. The creature fumbled around on the floor and found its way to Steve. It’s skeletal hand touching Steve’s shin and then using it to drag itself to its prey.
you’re leaving, you do not contact-”
“Does anyone have any questions?” Steve looks around and no one says anything else. “Very well, then. Get your stuff, we leave in an hour.”
“STARK, WHAT ARE YOU DOING?” he hears Steve howl through the comm - he must have had it switched off before.
He eyes the mugs on the wall. Nope, none of them will do, he needs
. Me? I’ve just followed in his footsteps, repeating the same mistakes he did. You were right tonight” a tear finally escapes him “I am a mean drunk, just like him.”
This time, a string of harsh blows have him crying out in pain. There’s no comforting caresses in between, no time for the sting of the slaps to die down, no sweet words of love. This isn’t for his pleasure. Steve is actually hurting him,
Steve sighs.
“You didn’t even turn around. How-”
The blond climbs on the bed again and straddles his shoulders, his large red cock dripping already, only inches away from Tony’s face. ‘Steve’ holds it in his hand and taps the smaller man’s lips with the bulbous head.
He settles back down on the sofa, Steve’s hands still on his shoulders.
“Oh, this?” Steve looks down at his uniform and waves a dismissive hand. “Just something I had lying around in the closet.
And that’s- that just
Tony’s just sitting there in his sad little wheelchair, working on some unfinished projects on his StarkPad, eyeing the blond every couple of seconds. He’s been trying to concentrate, but everytime he looks up and sees Steve something tightens around his heart.
Tony keeps his wet eyes closed as he sharply nods.
He got drunk as fuck in one of those posh, exclusive LA nightclubs because fucking Steve and his fucking pot roast.
Rhodey steps into the workshop wrinkling his nose in disgust.
“I’m sorry, Sir, but you told me to restore Colonel Rhodes’ ID card’s access to this floor.”
“Oh, honey, wouldn’t be that big of a loss, really.” He winces at his own comment. He’s always self-deprecating when he’s drunk and he knows how much Steve hates it.
. Steve is being held by Hydra somewhere.
“Here’s how this is going to go. I’ve gathered all the information I needed, so this is gonna be out little goodbye party, Tony. You will do as I say and maybe, just
!” Tony replies, outraged as Steve just stands there looking all kinds of uncomfortable.
Steve’s so startled by Tony’s anger he steps back a little and almost trips on a bunch of little trees. He’s fucked up. He’s fucked up bad.
“Well, look at the bright side” she gasped for air, “now you don’t have to worry about having that talk anymore!”
Tony launches towards Sam and grabs him, pushing him away from firing range, behind a wall, then throws himself head first against the shooters. He barely registers Widow dropping from her hiding spot up on the ceiling and a red, white and blue blur passing just a few inches from his faceplate. Steve’s shield smacks the walls and returns to his hand as he runs forward next to him, fending the mercenaries off as he approaches him.
Master assassin, deadly spy. Yeah. Dumb question, Stark.
Where does his AI get all that sass from? Tony wonders with a snort and a slightly amused smirk.
“I mean, if he knew how I
“War Machine,” Tony corrects him instantly.
“STARK!”
“Look at me” ‘Steve’ commands.
“How long have I been out?”
“Well, you once told me to put on the suit to go a few rounds, I mean-“
“Oh, but you
“I saw you in there.”
“Do you want to carry our friends’ bodies to the Quinjet, Wilson?” he practically shouts at him. “We’re going
“Why?”
“Nat..”
“You’ve seen it yourself. He hasn’t come up in days…”
Tony is about to answer that no, he hasn't. But that’s a big fat lie.
, he loved
“Kind of in the middle of something!”
is standing in the middle of his
Tony is way too worried about taking down mercenaries to answer. He keeps eyeing Sam, who obviously doesn’t have repulsors in his hands to fight off the bad guys so he’s just sheltering himself with his wings.
“Huh?” The brunette swallows as he looks up and shakes his head almost, the movement almost imperceptible.
The elevator dings in the background and Tony frowns, looking at the clock. 2:12 am. The little color left on his face leaves him when he turns around and a very serious, very elegant still-in-his-military-uniform Steve Rogers walks through.
Tony flashes him a brief, toothy smile that reminds Steve of the hyenas in that
-, Black Sabbath playing in the background. His phone is sitting next to him on the table and on the screen there’s the face of a very annoyed James Rhodes.
Tony’s protests had been quickly ignored by Fury, who’d moved onto the actual debriefing, clearly wanting to end the meeting as soon as possible. Steve had to use all his willpower to stay focused on the man as he spoke because the only thing he’d wanted to do was turn to his left and look at Tony. It had been three days and it was scary how much he’d missed the guy.
But Steve decides to be selfish for once in his life and doesn’t.
“Please,” Tony had said and there was something more there. He knew he was pleading for something beyond his own release, he knew he was begging for them to have something beyond these walls.
“You really aren’t the best soldier, are you?”
“You’re joking, right?” Sam shook his head. “Steve, you’re pack is falling apart. I’m new to this stuff and you can’t tell me that you of all people see what’s going on as a good strategy? ”
“What do you mean?” Tony asks. “Is the Fleet in danger?”
She grumbles and then Tony hears the plunk of a keychain on the desk – not even a keycard. “Cabin 2. Don’t bother old Logan. He’s got a lot of issues and he likes knives too much. He’s in Cabin 3. He always is.”
The clock ticks. A distance sound to his ears. Tony waits. Like a widow of a seafarer waiting for a sailor to return, but it isn’t a sailor but a soldier. He waits. His one hand clenches over the other, the wounded one, the one that will never work again. He shivers as he waits.
“I understand, but would you consider a different way?” Strange stops his examination. “I have a proposal for you.”
“Ah, I walked right into that one. What can I do for you? Do you need me to get Natasha on the line?” Scott asks.
Tony winked at him and then went down. He gave some of the best fellatio, and he opened his soul to Steve, exposed, bare, and yearning as he deep throated Steve. Steve gasped a moan out and Tony groaned around his erection. It took no time at all for Steve to find his natural state, put his hands onto Tony’s head, and hold him in place as he petted his hair. He made little noises that went right to Tony’s groin and if Steve didn’t stop sometime soon, Tony might go off right now.
“Forgive me my manners, ma’am,” Steve says and studies each of their faces. They are genuinely amused but not due to his awkwardness but more toward Stark’s performance.
“God, why do you always go with leaving? I thought you stuck up for yourself? I thought you were the kid in the alleyways getting beat up for your morals. I’m not asking you to leave.”
But the denial seemed so inadequate.
Tony doesn’t want to play the ‘be polite’ game. He’s done with all of that. He’s tired and cranky. He wants to know what the hell is going on. He zeroes in on Logan. The weary look of a traveler stains him, but he always looks like he’s been slapped in the mud and set out to dry like that. “You knew about this?”
“Trust me, it’s gross.”
“I think you’re over simplifying it,” Tony says and he knows he’s only distracting them from the real topic. He doesn’t want to face up to his own failures, because how he sees Steven now is different than how he saw him on that first day. Those hours on Nod, Tony saw Steven as a tool, a means to an end. A requirement he didn’t want to deal with, but now there’s something different. The moment he saw Steven – Tony can pin it down – that moment took root in his soul and everything changed. He’s been fighting against it ever since. Tony’s feelings are brewing, growing inside. With every passing day, he admires Steven more, sees him as a Captain among all, not just omegas. “I decide how I’ll act. It’s not just how I was trained. I see the world as it is.”
“But-” Steve sighs, something heavy floating away from his shoulders and something else settling in. “Don’t you think less of me? I- I’m supposed to lead this team...”
“JARVIS, be a dear and restore Colonel Rhodes’ ID card’s access to this floor, will ya’? And let him know.”
Rhodey is puzzled, gaze lost somewhere in the distance. He keeps frowning in disbelief and this makes Tony’s blood boil. Why isn’t he outraged on his behalf? Why does he even doubt for a second that Steve would pull that kind of crap? The guy walked in that star spangled outfit like he had a huge metal pole up his ass.
“Wanna tell me what happened?"
“Tony? Tones, can you hear me?”
He’s frozen. He can’t think, can’t move. He stares blankly at him, desperately trying to come up with an excuse, an explanation that doesn’t require admitting he’s right. He knows Sam, he knows he won’t be nasty about it, but what if their relationship changes after this? He can’t… He doesn’t even want to think about it. Suddenly all those insults, those beatings, the looks of disgust and reprobation, like there’s something wrong with him, it all comes back and even though he knows it won’t happen like this, he can’t help it. He’s terrified. Luckily Sam realizes Steve is panicking and he smiles softly at him.
Steve finally lets go of the bar and his feet hit the floor with a loud, menacing thud. He turns around slowly and he instantly regrets it, because Tony’s just standing there awkwardly smiling and looking like a million bucks in one of his three piece suits. God, he wants to go over there and shake that annoying little man like a piñata.
Steve sighs and eyes the door for a second. Sam catches this little detail and quickly walks over there and closes it, understanding that Steve wants the conversation to be private.
“Then he doesn’t want to talk.” Natasha says softly as she puts her legs up and rests them on the cushions, eyeing him from the couch. There’s a silence that follows as Steve lets those words sink in, until Nat finally breaks it. “You kissed, didn’t you?”
Disney movie. “This year’s Gala is coming up-”
A finger traces the wet path of saliva, coating itself in it and to Tony’s horror he feels his cock twitch trapped between the mattress and his stomach.
that he knows.
“Not really,” Tony answers quickly. “Are you gonna let it go?”
“TONY!”
“Use your words or I swear to God I’ll spread your legs open right now and fuck you raw.” ‘Steve’s threat comes as an enraged whisper, which makes it all the more terrifying.
Of course what Tony didn’t know is that Steve had almost had a heart attack when the man had asked him about “
“Does he, really?” Natasha tilts her head and narrows her eyes, a soft smile on her face, like she knows something Steve doesn’t.
him, breathing each other. It’s sweet, it’s perfect. It’s a moment Steve wishes he could bottle up, like a perfume, so it would never fade.
“Easy, easy!” Rhodey holds a hand to his armored chest.
“Uh- no, I’m fine.”
, but well... he would get riled up even faster than usual once he’d had a few of these.” He wiggles the scotch in his hand and puts the bottle back down. Steve looks at him and frowns. His eyes are red and confused and even more blue if that’s even possible. “Yup. There were two things that the mighty Howard Stark, proud founder of Stark Industries and advanced futurist, could not tolerate: someone who was better than him at what he did and men who liked to suck dick. Sadly for him, his son was both.” Tony laughs bitterly, and it’s his turn to lower his head, gaze fixed on the ground between his legs. “What a disappointment I was... He was always talking about you, you know?” Steve shoots him a surprised look. “Hell, I even used to dress up like you when I was a kid. Fake shield and all. I wanted to be like the great hero, the great Captain America.” Tony lets out a sarcastic chuckle, the burn of unshed tears in his eyes as he glances at the bottle. “But see? This is precisely the difference between you and me, Steve. You’ve
That really,
“It’s not that simple, Sam,” he groans, still hiding his face.
“Is everything okay, boss?” Happy asks, concerned, when he gets in the car with him.
She finally glances at him and gives him a ‘I’m sorry but someone had to say it’ look. Silence falls between them when Steve looks away, rubbing his face with his hand. Isn't that what he's been doing all his life, though? Waiting for
“The reasons why I can’t tell him the truth haven’t changed, Nat.” He places his hands on his hips as his gaze falls to the floor. He remembers the desperation and the sadness in Tony’s voice.
“I- don’t know what to say, Sam.”
“Are you- is... is everything okay?”
, doesn’t it?”
“I wish talking to Tony was this easy...”
Rhodey stands up from the desk he’d been leaning on and shakes his head in defeat. “Well, I don’t care
“The Avengers?” Steve asks, an uncomfortable lump already forming in the back of his throat.
“But maybe it’s something else, uh? Maybe you’re not mad that I’m drunk or not looking for
Rhodey doesn’t even dignify that question with an answer, he only nods his head as a sign for him to start talking.
to see him.”
Rhodey goes back to his chair and sits leaning forward, resting his arms on his thighs and rubbing his hands together nervously.
needs help sometimes.”
Because of course, predictably, Tony finally snaps.
“No, the shawarma joint,” Tony says with a completely straight face which makes Steve throw a surprised look at him. The brunette rolls his eyes, amused. Steve can be
this.”
Tony could feel his eyes burning with unshed tears.
” His gaze wanders around, desperately trying to come up with a solution. “I need to talk to him.”
“Hey!”
, but you’re just like me, Cap!” He turns around quickly - bad idea, because the rapid movement almost makes him lose his balance - and points an accusatory finger at him. “Worse, even!” He shouts and, slowly this time, turns and resumes his walk towards the sofa, huffing. “After all these years, the most personal things I’ve learned about you is that you had a barbershop quartet - which I don’t even know if it was a joke or you were telling the truth - and your mother cooked pot roast. Everything else I know it's from my dad's stories and the footage from the 40's. Half of the time I have no idea what you're thinking... always standing there with a cryptic look and that permanent frown like your butt itches but you can't scratch it. How can I know you, huh? It's not like we hang out and do Feelings Friday, passing around a teddy bear and talking about our emotions and shit. So yeah, I know I'm not good at it either, but you don't get to play the victim here when you're exactly the same!” He lets himself fall heavily onto the large leather sofa, suddenly tired. “So
there. Tony wants to mentally kick himself but the thought occurs to him that he’s so fucking out of it, he wouldn’t be able to find his own ass if he had a map and two hands. “What else do I have to do to prove to you that I care-?” Steve sighs, gaze falling again, exhausted. “It’s like after all this time, you don’t even know me.”
! He also wants to apologize, because he knows barging in and going against the plan did not just put him in danger, but the rest of the team as well. He wants to- he wants to finish that conversation. He really wants to hear what Steve has to say…
Steve’ fingers him rapidly. One, two, three fingers, easing the ring of muscles open and oh, Tony feels the most amazing mixture of feelings he’s ever experienced. He feels hot and needy and guilty and embarrassed and it’s so intense he’s convinced he’s going to pass out when he finally comes.
“It’s been a week, Tony,” he hears the man’s exasperated voice through the device. “I swear to God either you let me down and talk to me or I’m getting in the Iron Patriot-”
He wants to cry, but he can’t.
Tony freezes on the spot, frowning slightly.
“So your plan is benching the only three people who wear flying suits. That’s very smart,
“I don’t want your pity.” He means to sound harsh, but Tony’s voice is weak and shaky.
Tony races through the crowd. He calls Happy and tells him to get the car, not bothering to stop when a few people approach to talk to him. He needs to leave.
Steve lets out a deep breath, feeling something soothing wash over him. He feels…
The blond doesn’t even flinch, his eyes locked with Tony’s displaying the same defiance.
“Well, you know-” the blond lowers his gaze feeling his cheeks burning. He wishes he didn’t have to say it out loud. “That I’m… that I like...”
risk the lives of anyone in this team just because we can’t leave what’s happening between us outside the field. So just tell me now, because if you can’t, be damn sure I
anyone. Your thrusters don’t exactly come with a silencer, Tony,” he calmly explains. “If they smell something’s up, they might not go through with it at all or worse, they’ll retreat and we’ll lose them.
“Why do you always have to drink yourself stupid?”
“I do apologize, Captain Rogers, but I am not authorized to disclose that information at the present time.”
? He was the one who was disrespectful!”
Tony throws an arm around Steve’s broad shoulders and pats him on the back with a breathy laugh.
What does he want from him, indeed.
Steve frowns. The dinner in the compound terrace, ‘
Tony’s lost in thought for a second.
“What about the texts?”
“I can’t!” Steve runs a shaky hand through his head. “I have to… I have to do something.”
“At least I’m not a
“Where is he?” Tony asks, eyes wide and throat dry.
“Wow, we’re getting kinky tonight, aren’t we?”
Steve feels all the blood leave his body when Tony’s expression suddenly turns cold and he narrows his eyes, like he’s just figured out something.
, he looks like a vision. The military uniform makes his impossible shoulder-to-waist ratio all the more evident and he’s styled his hair like he used to back on the USO tours. The smile on his face is blindingly beautiful as he walks gracefully, helping Natasha down the main stairs like a chivalrous gentleman. He looks… incredible. And Tony needs a drink, pronto.
The big, strong pair of hands grab both of his cheeks and spread him open, the cool air hitting his hole and making Tony gasp.
“Nope. Still Tony. Although I understand the confusion since I too perform mirac-”
Steve abruptly stands up and moves away from her, shaking his head. Natasha purses her lips, immediately noticing how her friend has just shut down. Walls are up, conversation is over.
“Rogers said that?
“JAR-“
The genuine, child-like smile that spreads over Steve’s face is so goddamn endearing Tony feels the physical need to hug the poor thing. “Okay,” Steve parrots.
Steve nods very slowly, like he’s in front of a wild animal than could easily rip him apart at any second. “Yeah?”
“What the fuck is wrong with you, Rogers? It’s a party!” He walks away, his back turned on him while he stares into the city skyline. “Just because your social skills suck doesn’t mean you have to spoil the fun for everyone else too...”
In the conference room of the compound, JARVIS had projected the screen where Tony would usually sit. Steve and Sam sat to his right and Nat, Clint and Rhodey to his left. Fury, as usual, stood across from Tony. Or in this case, the screen.
Tony blinks and his eyes dart across the room. “Uh- Right?”
Tony curses under his breath. “Damn you, Rhodey.”
“Please...”
Captain America watches his mouth around people, but in the privacy of his own thoughts he swears like a drunken Irish man.
He hears the man chuckle.
Steve frowns. “
“What do you mean?”
“any of us for days and when you come back you expect everyone to just be fine with it?”
those were the words that had never made it out of his mouth. Steve would have never called Tony a...
, Tony!”
Fuck a duck, he
“Steve,” she sighs “you guys had dinner the other night, right?” Steve nods. “What happened the
, Cap?” It’s barely a whisper, full of loathing and revulsion. “Gonna make you feel all manly to punch the faggot in the face? Go ahead, do it. Be a good ol’ American
afraid of, Steve?”
“Well, yeah.” Tony looks puzzled. “It’s hosted at the MoMA.”
I wasn’t sure if you had eaten anything so I made you a sandwich. You know the one with avocado you like? It’s in the kitchen. - Steve
Tony thinks to himself.
Sam’s laughs startles him. For a split second, Steve thinks
With an annoyed growl, he gives up his search for a replacement mug, messily grabs the boxes of capsules and walks over to the elevator. He stops once he’s in front of the doors and lets out a sigh before pressing the button.
“Well, we might have missed something” Steve suggests. “If these guys-”
. He pulls away from the blond’s mouth for a second and takes advantage of the move to trap the full, plump lower lip gently between his teeth and pull. Steve moans,
Natasha gives the tie a final pull to put it in place and steps away to admire her handywork.
Rhodey walks out of the other side of the flashy black Audi and stands uncomfortably next to him in his Air Force dress uniform, giving nothing but a polite nod towards the crowd cheering Tony’s name.
“What do you want me to say, Nat?” He turns around, frustrated.
, Tony wants to play him like a violin and get more of that beautiful music out of him. He’s still pretty drunk so he stumbles a little as he brings a leg up on the couch to kneel on it and braces the other foot on the ground. He rises up in the air a little, roaming his hands all over Steve’s uniform jacket as he gently - but clumsily - pushes him back against the sofa.
Steve blinked hard, trying to force back the tears that suddenly blurred his vision.  “No,” he managed.  “We won.”
"I don't solve Hank's problems for him." Jan wrinkled her nose, and added, "I doubt the big guy would listen to me, anyway. I was there when the cloning happened, and I didn't do anything to stop it."
Hank rubbed one hand over his face, sighing. "If you'd told me it was for Tony, I wouldn't have told you, either," he said, the words muffled by his fingers. "If he wanted you to know what medication he was taking and why and what it was for he would tell you himself." His fingers froze, and he looked back up at Clint, frown deeper now. "And on that note, how much talking do the rest of you guys do about me behind my back?"
Not just the aftermath of trauma, Don realized.  It had been long enough since their escape that the medication that had almost killed him would be nearly out of Hank’s system by now.  A good thing, from a medical perspective – the doctors would want to do more bloodwork on him, let all remnants of the lithium and other medications completely leave his body and make certain his liver was up to the task before prescribing any more.  Probably not such a good thing from where Hank was sitting, though. “You’re probably starting to go through withdrawal.”
"No. I didn't think of it until after she'd left."
"I don't think that will be necessary-" subordinate number one began, only to be interrupted by subordinate number two's eager,
"This meeting is not a place for levity," Thor said stiffly, neither looking at Tony nor directly addressing him. "Trust must be earned, and is all too easily betrayed. But by all we have heard, the Scarlet Witch is, methinks, innocent of any such betrayal. And Chthon is a terrible enemy; none of the gods of Asgard have powers to equal his. My vote is that we accept her help."
Wishful thinking, almost certainly, but it did sound like something Loki would do.
Explaining  that he had come to rescue Tony from the proximity of alcohol would  sound silly.  "MJ wanted water with lemon.  That's three glasses.  And  anyway, I was just trying to be polite."
It had to be wrong. The last thing she remembered clearly was –
Steve had Tony bent backwards, half seated on the table, his shirt unbuttoned, when one of the Mansion's perimeter alarms went off.
"You are no longer pregnant." Don made a vague gesture towards Tony's shoulder with one hand, as if he'd been about to touch him and then thought better of it. "Normally, I would recommend counseling under these circumstances, but-"
The woman struggled and clawed at him, preternaturally strong, but unskilled and completely out of control, and for a moment, he was back in the dining room of the Meridian, trying to prevent desperate, fear-crazed people from killing one another and unable to use his armor at more than a fraction of its capacity. The tiniest misjudgment could kill someone, break their neck, burn holes through them, and then the sticky-sugar smell his helmet was sealing out would be replaced by scorched meat.
"He'll find a way out," Cap said. "These kind of things always find a way out."
"We're in a warehouse somewhere," Hank went on.  "I don't know if it's Manhattan or Brooklyn.  Or New Jersey; we could be on the other side of the Hudson River."
Thor himself remained as well, during those times when his presence was not required in Valhalla. To return to the Mansion and dwell under its roof again would be to return to an earlier time when his fellow Avengers were all his trusted comrades in arms; to return would be to forgive Tony, if only symbolically.
As he stepped forward to seize the nearest victim by the arms, Tony spared a moment to be grateful that it was a weekday, and the city schools were in session at this time of year. Hank's antidote worked as well on children as adults, but subduing a child in order to spray anti-toxin in its face was far, far down on the list of things Tony ever wanted to do.
It rang just as she touched it, and she scooped it up quickly. "Avengers Mansion. Janet Van Dyne speaking." Her voice was surprisingly bright, considering the day they'd all had.
"Yes, it is," Tony interrupted Hill. "Doom's Romany. He hates Nazis. It's the one way in which he resembles a normal human being. According to Strange, he thinks the spear can make him a god, and Strange wasn't willing to say he was wrong."
"He's fine.  They left him behind when they took off."
Clint said, via the comlink, cutting through Hank's babbling about tentacles and secretions.
He didn't have to look to know Steve was frozen, distracted.  Doom was probably counting on that, had likely known the Doombot was still active before tossing that little bombshell at Steve.
"Electrocuted, then," Steve said. He stepped forward and wrapped his hand around the edge of the elevator door. "Here, I'll come down to the lab with you. Maybe I can help." Tony was unlikely to need his assistance with anything technological, but Steve wasn't going to let him hide in the basement by himself for the rest of the day. He would end up spending hours down there, not bothering to come upstairs to eat, and Steve wouldn't see him again until tomorrow night; the Avengers' labs always had a cot or sofa shoved into a corner somewhere, testament to both Tony and Hank's screwed-up working and sleeping patterns.
"Please," Steve interrupted, his face and voice softening.  There was something almost pleading in his eyes, and a raw, desperate edge to his voice, and what could Tony say to that?
And being possessed by Chthon hadn't been. However, exactly how much control Wanda had had over her actions while possessed was unclear – how much of what she'd done had been Chthon's influence, and how much had been her own subconscious desires? Or conscious ones?
"Next time, let's do this at your place," he told the nearest Doom, and fired a repulsor blast at his torso at slightly under full power, just in case that really was Doom inside the armor and cape rather than a well-made LMD.
Hank’s eyes narrowed, and he looked entirely unimpressed.  “I’m a biochemist.  Of course I do.”
"Touch them, and you'll find out just how much my father's son I am."  The air in the room seemed to grow heavier as Don spoke, like the thick stillness before a summer thunderstorm.  She almost didn't recognize his voice as he continued, "First I'll flay the skin off your back, and then I'll use every bit of my training and knowledge to remove your muscles and ribs, so you'll still be alive and conscious when I rip your lungs out through the holes in your back and let you suffocate to death.  Then I'll hang your corpse from the tallest oak tree I can find in Central Park until it rots away to nothing, and we'll see who consumes whose soul."
"He got away," Sam said flatly.  "So did Sin.  They took Hank and Jan with them."
"Some guy. I met him at a party, before, when I was drinking. I didn't even remember him until I saw him tonight. He didn't recognize me, either, but he tried to pick me up again, so he must have recognized something about me."
Which left Steve to slug it out with Hyde. He'd done it before and he could do it again - Hyde might have super-strength, but he relied on it almost exclusively in fight, and his combat skills were no match for years of training and experience - but it always cost him a heavy toll in bruises and cracked bones.
"What do you mean, you don't remember? Were you drinking?"
Perhaps he would have Richards kneel naked at the foot of his throne with a chain around his neck. But only if he begged for his worthless life first.
The idea of willingly aiding Loki in her transparent grab for power made him feel unclean, and the prospect of pretending to aid her only to stab her in the back as she had done to so many others was even worse, but had he done so before, she would not have gone to Doom to achieve her aims, and the Wasp would not have been captured, nor Iron Man injured.  Iron Man, who was already ill.  Nor Hank Pym captured, who was still Thor's teammate and thus his comrade in arms regardless of his past behavior and refusal to apologize for it.
Thor was snarling something under his breath, the words a low, indecipherable rumble.  Tony... was still not moving.
"Not after last month," Jan countered. "We all know there are no guarantees in this business. If Chthon truly is on the verge of breaking free, arguing about whether or not we can trust Wanda's information is a waste of time. Strange has already vouched for her, and if we can't trust his word, then we might as well throw our hands up and give up now."
"You do realize what those people would do with your X-gene research, right?" he asked. "Not all of them have been impeached or suspended."
"All right, all right, we're leaving the lab of kitty chew toys now. I'll put you down as soon as you're someplace you can't electrocute yourself."
Sam, harassing Atlas on his left, folded his wings and dove under both massive arms, while Tony fired his jetboots and climbed higher, the two of them swapping places as smoothly as if they had choreographed it.
"Funny. A week from now, I'd be paying a fortune for this." Tony's voice sounded odd, his expression unreadable.
Wanda's hands were balled into fists now, her back stiff and her eyes glittering. She stared at Carol with her chin up, jaw set as if she were bracing herself for a blow. Carol wasn't going to give her the satisfaction – if nothing else, she would probably break Wanda's jaw if she let herself hit her, and it would probably get her kicked off the team again. And even if it didn't, beating an unarmed woman who didn't have superstrength would be the actions of a bully, and Carol wasn't going to sink that low.
He was, Tony decided, spending entirely too much of his life in the Helicarrier's infirmary recently.
He couldn't remember why he hadn't brought her in. He couldn't even remember leaving. He barely remembered anything after he'd arrived on in that little town, except for... the sex. He remembered that part.
Cap was staring blankly at the doctor. "He can't be," he said, voice rough. "He was talking before."
Carol stared fixedly at the back of the Lexus SUV in front of them, not looking at him. "What time with Rhodey? I've never heard about that."
"Less talking, more action, rich boy."
"It's Swiss," Tony protested. "It cost two thousand dollars. And technically, it's not a watch, it's a chronometer."
He'd refused Steve's attempts to help him, the fact that Steve cared about him clearly not enough to make a dent in whatever funk he'd been stuck in, and when Steve had practically begged him to reconsider his actions over the stolen armor, he'd refused to listen then, too. That had hurt as much as discovering that his government, his country, had betrayed him, maybe more.
Strange hesitated, looking almost embarrassed. It was not an emotion she normally associated with the Sorcerer Supreme. "Your teammates called me in to help them when your magic went out of control." His voice was hoarse, the wear of hours' worth of spell casting obvious despite the calm, unruffled air he projected. He'd put at least four spoonfuls of sugar into the tea he was drinking; Wanda had always assumed that her own shaky hunger after major spells and hexes was an effect of having an energy mutation, but it apparently affected him the same way. "I assumed you had accessed a higher level of your powers, or developed a secondary mutation, and that the new, reality-altering nature of your powers had driven you mad. Omega-level mutants are almost invariably unstable, and many magicians lose their grip on this reality after too long spent on other planes of existence."
Wanda had told her, her anger raw and only partly directed at Carol.
"Bite your tongue, soldier boy. The last thing we need is for him to show up. He'd probably break Chthon out of his prison himself, and then we'd have to fight both of them."
They were standing only inches apart, in what probably would have looked like a romantic pose to anyone who walked into the room — he could smell the oil staining Tony's clothes, overpowering the faint metallic scent that he always seemed to carry around with him these days. Normally, being this close to a disheveled, grease-stained Tony would have made it hard to think about anything but sex, but right now, all he could feel was relief. And irritation. Relief that Tony wasn't seriously ill, despite his momentary fears, a tight irritation at Tony for refusing to listen to everything Steve had been saying about the Extremis all along, and an irrational desire to shake Tony and snarl at him for making him worry with all this drama.
He focused his will upon the weak spot in reality, envisioning the thick coils of Chthon's power being driven back the through too-permeable barrier, like a reversed form of cellular osmosis. "Let all the Hosts of Hoggoth send you back to the netherworld from whence you came!" he cried, and set the force of his will and magic – both his own, and that lent by the Vishanti, for which he served merely as the conduit – against the cold, heavy weight of Chthon's presence.
Matt nodded, and shifted his weight uneasily from one foot to the other, obviously wanting to pace. He talked with his hands when he was out of costume, gestures broader the more agitated he was, and Strange had recognized the signs of a person who didn't like sitting still, who enjoyed grandstanding, who liked to feel in control of his environment. He could guess from experience how long it had probably taken for the other man to teach himself how to stay perfectly still and silent, which he could do eerily well. Not at the moment, though. He had been visibly nervous from the moment they had walked through the front doors.
And taking Steve up on the offer, pretending nothing had changed, would have been fair to Steve. Steve loved him, he knew, but he hadn't been interested in starting a relationship until Tony had been female. He hadn't been attracted to Tony in a male body - it had been Tony's temporary, female body that Steve had wanted, that Steve had thought was beautiful, desirable.
Maybe she had put some kind of whammy on him. As he'd said to Carol, the whole thing was like trying to remember a dream. Several weeks worth of his life were just gone.
Steve folded his arms across his chest, his jaw tilting at a familiar angle. "If Strange is right, that wasn't actually her. And I don't see any reason why we should doubt him."
Jan shifted slightly, moving her head on the pillow.
The weight of the steel beam abruptly lessened, something else taking over the job of supporting it.
With an unthinking ease that Hank tried very hard not to be jealous of, Jan shrank down and flew to perch on the corner of one of the computer screens, where she could watch him from above without getting in the way. Tony was already shucking his armor without needing to be told, pieces of red and gold metal folding themselves up neatly into an open briefcase on one of the workbenches as if acting of their own volition; Tony's Extremis powers were as fascinating as they were mildly creepy.
Ignoring him as if he hadn't spoken, Wanda leaned forward and brushed her fingertips across midtown, bringing her index finger to a halt at Times Square.  "Strange is convinced Doom's ritual to access the spear's power and ascend to godhood will have to be performed here.  Some magics are better performed at a crossroads, and Times Square is the biggest crossroads in the world."
Tony leaned his head back against the back of the couch, closing his eyes, and Steve could see the pulse beating in the long line of his throat. "Sometimes I hate my job." He paused, then his mouth twisted into something that wanted to be a smile but didn't quite make it. "God, that sounds whiney. Ignore me; I'm just tired."
Tony shrugged slightly. "So I'm going to have to try not to use it for anything but running the armor for a few weeks, until we figure out a solution. I know this is a bad time to have me running at less than full capacity," he went on, not giving Steve even a moment's pause in which to respond, "but we got by before I had the Extremis. I can function just fine in a fight without it. I won't be able to monitor data from the cathedral or the NYPD or anything else continually like I've been doing but that's what we have Hank for." Another practiced smile, and his fingers tightened gently on Steve's arm before letting go. "Maybe it'll even keep him busy enough to stop walking around muttering to himself about genetics and Nobel prizes; working on the storage unit for the book kept him out of trouble for a couple of days."
Why did Clint have to rub that in? Especially in front of Jan. "I'm not in the field anymore." Because I'm
If it were activated, Peter would probably be able to track him down; it operated on a frequency similar to his spider trackers.
"Perhaps not.  There were several explosions."
been too good to be true. "I would have done the same thing," Steve said, rising and walking around to Tony's side of the bed, wanting to look him in the eye. "You were right about that." Maybe if he turned the situation around, Tony would realize that the issue at hand was that Steve had been worried not about the risk he had put other people at, but the risk he had exposed himself to apparently without even noticing it.
"Of course we all-" Tony started, clearly preparing to assure Rhodey that everyone thought turning sixteen-year-olds into a superpowered auxiliary to the U.S. military was a good idea.
"Yes I do," Hank said. "Otherwise, Tigra, Bobbi, and Clint will be holding down the fort in LA by themselves."
He'd given up wondering why Tony kept pulling this particular stunt. He'd never managed to keep track of how much power he'd had left in the old chestplate either, back when it had been the only thing keeping his damaged heart beating. And this from a man who could tell you exactly how many feet the giant robot had thrown him.
"The costume has nothing to do with what happened." Hank's voice was loud in the charged silence. Tony turned to find him staring fixedly up at Wanda, his body angled carefully away from Jan. "Wearing it will get easier."
"They gave him a shot of anti-venom and some steroids for his lungs," he told Steve. "The SHIELD medics think he'll be fine."
"Congratulations," Strange said, his voice heavy with irony. "You're going to be a mother."
"Where did they teleport you in from?  Do you have any idea where we are?"
"I was busy. It was so late by the time I finished everything that it was easier just to stay here. The geothermal plant's official opening is next week," he added.
Steve was already there, of course. He'd probably taken the subway, which at this time of day was often faster than trying to drive.
"I don't think I've changed," Cap said after a minute.
"Tarot cards don't actually tell you the future, Clint. Don't worry about it. It's not the cards; it's all the ambient chaos. Try flipping a coin ten times in a row and seeing what happens."
Hank stared at her for a long moment, his expression frozen and faintly trapped. "What do you want to talk about?" he finally asked, his voice sounding strained.
Steve sounded slightly annoyed. Carol sympathized.
The fighting actually halted for a moment, as both the Avengers and the Masters of Evil all turned to stare at him.
The voice came from directly behind him, low and sultry and unmistakably feminine.
Tony met her eyes before he spoke, making certain she knew how serious he was. "We wouldn't let that happen. Not again."
Tony's eyes went back to the bits of computer he was still holding loosely. Without any particular emotion in his voice, he asked. "Remember the way Miriam Sharpe looked at us, in that restaurant in DC? Remember those anti-mutant protestors who camped out around the mansion when you brought Wanda and Pietro onto the team?"
He'd almost started to feel comfortable in a female body, but having his own back was... he'd stopped expecting to ever be normal again, to be able to move in a fight without reminding himself that his reach was shorter, to look Steve and Sam and Hank in the eye instead of looking up at them. He'd missed that last the most, even more than the additional strength and mass that gave him better leverage when he was manhandling pieces of machinery into place.
"You'll have to settle for a grumpy doctor," she said dryly. "If it helps, the doctor I'm thinking of inflicting on you is also blond."
Please, Wanda thought, let it not really be her. She threw the next hex sphere at the candles.
Swallowing hurt. "What do you want to do?" he asked, bracing himself for the answer. He couldn't blame Tony if he wanted nothing to do with Steve after this.
Grant interrupted Layton, cutting him off mid-sentence. "If we did, the US Government would swoop in and take over the program. Or do you really think Senator Byrd's given up on that?"
"So did the last person claiming to be one of Mr. Stark's relatives, and he had a camera around his neck."
Tony launched a kick of his own at Steve's side, and Steve twisted out of the way and tackled Tony -- who was off balance again -- to the mat.
There were moments when it did feel like the Avengers were whole again, the entire messy disaster of Registration over with, but the aftereffects still lingered. The police had seemed relieved to be able to hand the A.I.M. situation over to the Steve and the others, but some of the bystanders who had gathered to gawk at the fight with A.I.M. had just as much fear and suspicion in their eyes when they looked at the Avengers as they did when watching Madigan rant. Nearly a year since Stamford, two months since the SHRA had been repealed, and some people were still suspicious of anyone in a costume.
Jan winced, looking away. "That was a little different than this," she said. "And I've never seen you take your anger out on someone else physically. On lab equipment maybe, but not on people."
He had though the blast Loki had aimed at Thor was an attack, some kind of sorcerous lightening bolt that the armor would harmlessly deflect. Instead, he had ended up like this, after throwing himself directly into the path of a petty Asgardian attempt at revenge.
Sam spread the plans out across the tall receptionist's desk, shoving a bowl of wrapped candies, a pen on the end of a silver chain, and a potted African violet out of the way. The building was old, only nine stories, and the stairwells were located at the east and west corners. Elevators were in the center, but they could count those out; anybody who could put a gas in the ventilation system could probably be counted on to tamper with the elevators.
"Honestly? I think there's about as much chance of Peter signing on for anything that's got 'Initiative' in the name as there is of Roxxon Oil suddenly deciding to sponsor Greenpeace."
"No. War Machine's going to be here any minute, and if the three of us leave now, we'll be just in time to be fashionably late."
Doom laughed, raising the spear above his head.   "That fool?   He'll be the first sacrifice I offer."   He swung the spear to point its tip at Sin.   "You'll be the second.   Elder god or mortal woman, whichever you are, you're going to make me invincible."
Sharon shook her head jerkily. "This is Sin. She likes to hurt people. For all we know it's something designed to kill slowly and painfully."
His shield was back in his hand now, and the edge left long dents and gouges in Doom's armor.  It was sturdier than the recent batch of Doombots had been; he obviously saved the stronger — and rarer — alloys for his own armor.
"The flirting."
"Hey." Steve leaned forward, putting a hand to the back of his neck to protect it from Patton's sudden and violent affection. The cat flicked one ear back, and glared at him with baleful blue eyes.
Clint heard the rustling sound of the plastic curtain being shoved aside, followed by a pained groan. He looked up and found himself staring at a familiar set of flat, Scandinavian cheekbones, set in a face that would have been pretty if it weren't for the flattened nose, which had to have been broken at least once, and the thin lips. Granted, he was more used to seeing that face towering above him and twice as broad, and there was usually a winged helmet above it instead of an ugly, shapeless hat, but there was still no mistaking exactly who was currently starring at him with a distinctly deer in the headlights look.
"You told me you were a virgin," Hank said.
Who, Tony filled in mentally, was almost unimaginably powerful. He hated magic. He really, truly hated it.
Tony's eyes remained fixed on Steve, not even glancing at Carol despite the fact that she had just sat down next to him. It was starting to get more than a little disconcerting; Tony wouldn't talk to him, but neither would he take his eyes off him. Weeks ago, after they'd gotten back from Washington, Tony had admitted that when he woke up alone, he had trouble believing that anything that had happened over the past months -- their relationship, Steve coming back -- was real.
The building was nearly empty at this time of night, but the lights in the lab were still on. Scientists like working late, particularly those working for secret organizations.
If Doctor Strange hadn't been able to stop her...
Either way, they ought to warn Peter and the others guarding the cathedral that it was a possibility.
"I am not avoiding Steve," Tony announced aloud to the repulsor coil in his hand. "I'm just busy."
, and Tony struggling to find words to explain, when even that took energy he didn't seem to have, and knowing that no explanation would be enough – and he didn't like to think about it too hard or too often.
"He has but to withdraw his power, and I will die again. I didn't live three centuries to perish now."
Steve closed his eyes for a second, hating this, and hating whoever had released that toxin. Tony was hurting, and there wasn’t anything he could do. He couldn't even be there for him, not really, not if Tony didn't even know he was in the room.
Everything had a price. He'd always known that; he'd just thought, hoped, that the price for complying with Registration would be something he was willing to pay. Instead, Happy and Steve had paid it. And Pepper, and May Parker, and Bill Foster, and-- Tony cut that line of thought off before it could go any further. That was over now; he needed to move on. He
"Because if you do so at my instigation," Doom snarled, "it will be the same, metaphysically speaking, as if I had murdered him myself, and the spear will be permanently sealed from us." Curse Strange for his thrice-damned interference, anyway. The spell barring Doom from the spear was a continual insult, too strong and subtle for even a sorcerer of Doom's abilities to break, and the fact that Strange had tied it to a person rather than to the spear's resting place was like a great, ticking clock working against him. If he was not able to act before Murdock inevitably got himself slaughtered by some supervillain or walked in front of a city bus, the locus of the spell would change, and he would have to begin his efforts to find a way around it all over again.
Tony couldn't help smiling at little, despite everything.  That had been true of Peter even when they'd been on the same team.  The concept of checking in and telling other people what he was doing seemed to be foreign to him, and he'd only just been starting to adapt to being part of a team when everything had gone to hell.
The transcript had several lines of asterisk symbols scattered through it, where portions of the conversation had not been picked up by the microphone, but the important part had been perfectly audible.
Why was everyone so intent on jabbing sharp things into him today? Silverware, shots, needles... and wound irrigation sounded both disgusting and unpleasant.
"By liked, do you mean..." Jan gestured vaguely with her spoon. Asking felt weird, intrusive. She was never quite sure when she ought to acknowledge Carol's sexuality, and when she ought to ignore it because it was supposed to be no big deal. Carol herself seemed occasionally unsure; she'd never actually said anything about it to the press, despite not doing anything to hide her relationship with Simon and Jessica from the public eye. In some ways, it was easier with Steve and Tony; before The Article, everyone had acknowledged their relationship to other superheroes and denied it to reporters, just the way you did someone's secret identity, and afterwards, Steve had been very insistent on never concealing or tiptoing around anything, to the point of delivering an embarrassing lecture on acceptance and tolerance if you tried.
It went on for far too long, even though it probably lasted only a minute. Tony sagged, going limp, his breath coming in short gasps. "That's better," he panted.
This time, Steve had decided, he wouldn't be so blind. If Tony snapped again, he would be ready for it.
"There's no way of knowing that." Strange waved a hand, dismissing her guilt. "Chthon may simply have taken advantage of her death and the closeness of her relationship to you and used the opportunity to manipulate you."
The NYPD was not always appreciative of superheroes - they seemed to have an odd affection for Daredevil, but for the most part, they saw superheroes as interlopers who repeatedly attempted to do their jobs for them. When said job involved the Wrecking Crew, however, they couldn't call the Avengers quickly enough.
Tony shook his head, and Steve found himself staring at the dark lines of his eyelashes, at the curves and angles of his too-delicate face. His body was completely hidden under the masculine business attire he hadn't stopped wearing, but the way he had his arms wrapped around himself made his smaller size even more obvious. Funny. Steve had intimate knowledge of the body under those dress shirts and expensive suits now, but the slender waist and soft curves he could see when he closed his eyes weren't really Tony.
Of a sudden, Thor felt tired, the sort of tiredness that weighed on the soul and made him think longingly of the Odin sleep and letting Don Blake face the world in his stead for a while. "You may swear it a thousand times, with any oath you care to name, and I will not believe it. You are kinslayer and oathbreaker and your word means nothing to me. Nothing."
Blood always looked black in monochrome.
The armor came first, always. He was letting himself lose sight of what was important.
Shit. "Tony," Steve said, exercising all of his self-control in order to keep his voice low and steady, "were you exposed to the toxin?"
The blasts of energy almost hurt as they struck her — no, scratch that, they did hurt — and she wondered for a moment if she'd have bruises tomorrow to go with the welt on her arm where the bullet had hit her.  What the hell had Doom done to his weapons?
Cap's eyes narrowed. "You know they weren't given a choice." He sounded defensive, glancing back down at Tony as he spoke.
Hank pushed himself to his feet, moving like a badly controlled puppet, and staggered over to the controls for the energy grid.  He half-collapsed against them, fumbling with something Don couldn't see, and then the energy grid flickered and vanished, along with Jan's cage.
"Nay, you must lay still," Thor was saying.  "You may be injured."
can wield that power, I shall be able to command it easily.  As for Chthon, he will be no match for my new powers combined with Loki's."  Doom straightened, sweeping his cloak back with a flourish.  "My new consort is right — Thor doesn't have the brains or vision to rule Valhalla, and you don't have the strength.  It takes someone with ruthlessness and cunning to truly belong on Odin's throne."
Loki leaned in and licked the edge of his reflection's ear with a long, pink tongue. "I would be your friend, Thunder-god," she purred, as Thor suppressed a shudder. "The halls of Valhalla must be empty without Sif beside you."
The crowd of reporters and general interested bystanders was surging forward now, as the police van left and took the immediate threat with it. They would have to talk to the press, of course. Not only did the Avengers generally need all the good publicity they could get, a supervillain attack on a major tourist site like the Met was bound to have people worrying about terrorism. "I think," Jan said carefully, "that we should avoid mentioning the book full of evil spells to the news crews."
Fury's gravelly voice echoed in his head.
That sounded reasonable. Wanda was a powerful mutant, but Loki was a god, with millennia of experience at this kind of thing. And he was much more powerful than the Enchantress, whom Wanda had defeated several times in the past; her spells only worked within a fairly limited range.
"What does it take," Tony said, his breath still coming in slightly ragged gasps, "for you to get out of breath?"
The silence after the elevator doors shut was heavy and accusing.
ooOOoo
Eventually, Steve was going to ask a few more questions about exactly how deeply Tony had been involved in that side of SHIELD's operations while he'd been director. It wasn't a conversation Tony was particularly looking forward to.
Hank stared at him incredulously. "You already drank."
"Because she told me. And because she was chanting a spell from the Darkhold grimoire when I left." She frowned thoughtfully for a second, then added, "And I think she's the one who helped Loki put that spell on Tony."
"I can't believe," Steve said, quietly, "that you killed someone and forgot to mention it."
Tony smiled ruefully and shook his head.  "Just as long as there's not swing dancing."
- Tony, but no longer looked like him. Maybe because, when he was around this superficially female version of Tony, he found himself halfway expecting his long-standing interest in Tony's body to be returned.
It was past time to end their alliance anyway.  His impatience to leave at the Avengers Mansion had cost the opportunity to capture Wilson.  She'd had him on his knees to her, so close to opening his throat.  If Doom had waited five minutes...
Wanda turned, and her face went stiff when she saw him.
Jan's voice was clearly audible through the sheared-off break in the wall, the tinny comlink echo creating a weird Doppler effect. The ground shook slightly as she moved away, her footsteps loud and solid enough for Carol to feel them in her bones.
But solving Tony's problem was more important than her personal feelings; it was time to be an adult about things. She could handle having Hank around for a few days; it wasn't as if they would actually have to spend any time together. He was just here to help Tony. So she shook her head, and said, "No. Tony might need you. You're right; you're the one who's run all the tests on this. And you're a good scientist, everything else aside. You always have been."
"The Meridian," Steve told him.
Wanda straightened, slowly uncurling her fingers from the brass rail and stepped away from it. She could feel cold sweat prickling up and down her sides, sticking her clothing to her skin. She wouldn't be able to hold him out for long – driving him out in the first place had already exhausted her.
He'd been very aware of the risks of donning the armor in a crowded room when he'd already been exposed, but it hadn't occurred to him to say anything to the others -- for one thing, part of him had already been worried that they were dead, but even if that hadn't been the case, he wasn't sure he'd have thought to say anything; after keeping his heart problem a secret for so long, concealing his physical condition was second nature.
"Even if I was, even if SHIELD-" Tony broke off, shook his head sharply, and went on, "I couldn't leave any of my technology in
"Yes," Tony admitted. That much was a given.
Jan had already partially disabled one of the others, diving inside its defenses and ripping the vital wiring in the back of its neck out with her bare hands.  It was stumbling around blindly now, swinging its fists at empty air and getting in the remaining Doombot's way.
"I ran SHIELD for three months. And I had no illusions about how Fury's people worked even befor that. Compared to the CIA, their consciences are spotless."
"No!" She shook her head, hard, dark curls swaying with the motion. "You and Cap and the others are some of the only family I have left. I don't even know if Pietro's still alive, or if he'll ever want to see or speak to me again if he is." She paused, meeting his gaze and giving him a long, serious look; Clint had to fight the impulse to glance away. "Clint, I killed you. Twice. And Scott, and Vision. And..." her voice broke, and she looked away, her face twisting. "You sleeping with me while we were both under mind control isn't even in the same league as that."
"We were just the distraction," Clint put in, his voice laden with vindictive satisfaction. "The rest of our team's spent the last half hour disarming them all."
He couldn't stay away from the office forever, though. There was the board meeting the day after tomorrow, and...
Hank flexed his fingers, his knuckles still smarting from their impact with Clint's nose. "You know, I really prefer either being small enough that I'm nearly invisible or being bigger than anyone else in the fight." In both cases, you were less likely to get in your own teammates' way.
When she'd confronted him, he'd sneered at her and said that they had two other Avengers and Wilson's capture was immaterial to their goals.  "To your goals, Victor," she muttered, "but not to mine."
Construction, Wanda assumed, to repair the damage she had done. Saying yes felt strange, presumptuous, after everything that had happened, but she could think of nowhere else to go.
"They prescribe it for all kinds of things; how should I know?" Hank frowned, something finally penetrating his mad scientist glee. "Why are you so interested in this?"
"Damn," Hank said softly.  He leaned back against the wall, his gaze going from Don to some unknown point off in space.  "I think Tony was right.  I thought he was just delusional from stress."
The Helicarrier has state-of-the-art medical facilities." He was already moving toward the door, body language shifting subtly into crisis/command mode.
Tony thought.
Tony opened his eyes, frowning up at Hank blankly. "What? Of course I still want you working on it. I trust your science a hell of a lot more than I trust Strange's magic."
The explosion of pain as Doom's fist caught him in the kidneys was like a flash of light behind his eyes, but then Clint was free, the cloak just a cloak again.
Lighting was crawling over her skin, her hair lashing wildly around her head in a non-existent wind.   It was sickeningly reminiscent of the way Wanda had appeared when Chthon had possessed her; any moment now, she would start levitating.
It was a prescription scrip, not a scrap of engineering print-out. A prescription for... Clint squinted at the name, unsure of what it was or even how to pronounce it.
"This is not the time, Hank."  Jan's voice was sharp, stern, and made absolutely no impact.
"Right," Peter nodded. "Um. Nice to meet you."
"Calm down, big guy." Jan laid a hand on Thor's arm, only to receive an icy glare in return. "Tony wasn't suggesting we trust her-"
"No one double-crosses Loki and gets away with it." Loki brought one hand up, pointing it at Tony. "Let us see you perform your ritual when deprived of your vessel and sacrifice."
Wanda frowned down at her hands, studying the tracery of black tattoos for a moment, then looked up again.  "We still don't know how Doom's planning to get the spear out of the cathedral.  Strange's spells ought to keep him from even going inside.  I assumed that's what he wanted the Dee manuscript for, but maybe he's planning to use her."
"It's already effectively soundproofed, there are drains in the floor, the restaurant hasn't been open for-"
The silence stretched out, just long enough to be awkward and for Steve to again consider apologizing for bringing the topic of death up at all.
"So," Sam said, after considering that for a second, "are you going to have one of those sword bridge things?"
There were times when Steve's nineteen-thirties upbringing showed. Usually in things involving musical taste, pulp literature, computers, or discussions about unions – in Steve's world, they were still vitally needed guardians of workers' welfare, rather than corrupt organizations bent on driving half the industry in the country out of business, and even the transit strike a couple of years ago hadn't convinced him otherwise – but his conviction that the ability to prepare a home-cooked meal was an essential life skill was apparently also included.
Steve folded his arms and leaned against the wall, to all appearances settling in to stay. "I'll wait."
At least he'd been at the office, where he didn't have to use the woman's bathroom. He still couldn't conquer the expectation that someone would scream and tell him to get out that he felt every time he entered one.
So he hovered, paralyzed, while she took a deep, shaky breath, and slowly uncurled from her protective ball.
Tony had been landing fewer blows than usual, though his defense hadn't suffered as much from lack of practice as Steve had expected. Before his transformation, Tony had been barely two inches shorter than Steve, his reach nearly identical. Now, he was half a foot shorter than he had been, and he still hadn't learned to compensate properly for the loss in both reach and mass.
left on her boot, and knelt to plant the first of the explosives. She set the timer for fifteen minutes. Any of her men who took longer than that to get out of the building deserved the death they would get.
Barnes slapped his good hand down on the table, muttering something in Russian that was obviously an obscenity.  "I don't know.  We didn't bother to find out; all we cared about was stopping it."
Tony's eyes were drawn down Steve's broad chest to his stomach, flat and ridged with muscle and completely unscarred. Perfect, as if Sharon Carter had never shoved the barrel of a gun against it and pulled the trigger at point blank range.
"Lukin spoke to me, before I killed him," Bucky said, slowly. "He asked me to shoot him quickly, to let him die as himself. I thought – I hoped – I was killing both of them. But Lukin was the one I saw when I looked into his eyes." He swore in Russian, crumpling the print-out into a ball. "How many times do I have to kill him?"
Sam caught her eyes, irritation clear on his face, and Jan felt a moment's kinship with him; he didn't like being left in the dark about whatever was causing the silent tension in the room any more than she did.
"Tony?" Bobbi's voice. "Do you need back up? Who are you fighting?"
The impulse to pull Tony even closer to him warred with annoyance. "I get to decide who deserves me." Steve settled for grabbing Tony by the arms to prevent him from pulling away. "I was dead," he said, remembering what he'd told Luke Cage months ago. "I can sleep with whoever I want. And I don't care who knows about it."
Tony was making little moaning sounds, barely audible over the sound of the shower. He grabbed at Steve's hips, trying to hold him in place.
"The paramedics were following me up," Clint said. "They should be here soon."
"Some kind of NDRI, and lithium.  The SSRIs made things worse.  I think it's the same thing as Wellbutrin, but a different brand name."  The words tumbled out in a rush, while Jan touched Hank's hair, his back, his arm, as if unsure what to do.  "Is he dying?" she blurted out after a short, jerky pause, her voice cracking.  "Tell me he's not dying."
' that expression said.
"We're not discussing it. She's leaving." Apparently, Tony hadn't had his fill of working with manipulative scum who wanted to destroy them. One would think he'd have learned, by this point, that there were some people you didn't want to get into bed with, no matter what they threatened or how persuasive they could be.
"I'm just saying, it can't hurt to keep our options open." Sam watched Thor go, frowning thoughtfully. "You saw what that thing did to Dr. Strange."
He felt a hard blow against his side, and something cold slid between two of his lower ribs, and then Matt was on the man, ripping him away from Strange and landing three hard, effective blows with hand, elbow, and foot.
"Yes," Tony, Clint, and Jan chorused immediately. Then Tony and Jan both started to snicker.
Jan grinned back; she had a pretty good idea what Steve had been doing. "What was he singing?"
in," Tony corrected, wincing inwardly. He hadn't thought about how it would sound to Steve if he showed up and found himself barred from entering Tony's workroom. "I wanted to finish this without interruptions."
Tony sank down in one of the chairs, and buried his face in his hands, only remembering once it was too late that he was wearing three layers of make-up and that touching it would smear it.
Hank's eyes narrowed. "That's not true," he snapped.
Sam had stepped up to flank Steve's right side, Redwing no longer perched on his wrist.  Carol would be overhead now; he knew without having to look.  Between the four of them, Strange, and Wong, they had them surrounded and outnumbered three to one.  He caught Sam's gaze, then Clint's, nodding towards Doom's back.  Carol and Strange could take Loki.
Every nerve on edge, Wanda made a careful circuit of the house, finding no one. Everything was very clean and neat, almost sterile. She had no books, no photographs, not even so much as a vase of flowers. The house was like a cottage in a children’s picture book; one that was still waiting for someone to actually live there.
"Falcon?" Steve asked.
Tony's bizarre obedience lasted just long enough for Steve to get him out of the shower and dry. Then he began insisting that he ought to leave.
He'd initially thought that moment of dizziness he'd experienced after the meeting with the Department of Energy had been low blood sugar, or maybe an after effect of being sick, but it had happened again, several times over the past week. And then, yesterday, during the fight, he had turned sharply at high speed and momentarily greyed out from the G forces. Only the armor's built-in fail safes had kept him from crashing, and the Wrecker had been able to take advantage of his disorientation to bat him out of the sky with his enchanted crowbar. There wasn't any pain, not the way there had been before, when every failure of his chestplate had meant agony, but his entire body felt wrong, off somehow, in a way that couldn't be explained just by being a woman; he'd gotten used to that at this point.
Strange didn't answer. He focused his senses, opening his mind and reaching out through the Eye of Agamotto to see the unseen reality that surrounded them.
The signal buzzed irritatingly in his head, via the Extremis, and Tony closed his eyes.
"I guess you never found her." Carol's voice was suddenly flat. "Or she'd be in the Raft or the Negative Zone right now."
Things were finally starting to get better.
At any moment, surely, Don would straighten up and lunge for Mjolnir, change back into Thor, and take Doom down with one swing, just before Steve and the rest of the team burst through the warehouse doors.
He wasn't sure what he'd been hoping for — that there would, in fact, turn out to be a problem with the Extremis and it would be something they could fix, after which the headaches would go away, or that there would be nothing wrong with it, and Maya would give Tony orders to use it less that he would actually listen to. The former. The former would have meant that Tony wasn't subconsciously doing this to himself, and that there was an easy solution. That he wasn't using the Extremis just as heavily as always and lying to Steve about trying to cut back.
Steve was big and warm and oh, thank God, alive. Tony's face was buried in his shoulder, the edges of Steve's scale-mail digging into his cheek. He was alive, and whatever it felt like, none of it had been real.
Whatever it was, it wasn't likely to be good. Tony didn't go the doctor over normal things like sinus infections; it was always heart surgery and being shot and his armor killing him with electromagnetic fields and experimental poisons that made you hallucinate dead people and other life-or-death or just plain weird things.
"Obviously."  Doom sounded, if possible, even more disdainful.  "But by the time Loki makes her move, I shall be too powerful for a minor chaos deity to touch, something you, my dear doctor, are going to help me with.  Once I've absorbed the power of the spear and attained godhood, I shall return here and revert you to your true form.  When I sacrifice you to myself and devour Thor's soul, the power of the Odin force will be mine to command.  I will rule Valhalla as well as earth, and Loki's powers will useless against me. "
drag you back here. Or I could drag you to Caesar's Palace. They like me there. I always make sure to spend enough on gratuitous room service bills to make up for cleaning them out at the tables. Or, I did." He made a wry face. "I generally accomplished that by buying incredibly expensive champagne by the case."
Steve took another slow step forward. "Tony," he said, still gently, "I need you to take off your armor." Before you hurt someone. Before they found out that whatever this was
It felt empty, these days. Tony had never thought he would actually miss the terrariums full of assorted creepy crawly things, but the lab seemed much more sterile with none of Hank or Scott Lang's pets in residence.
“Sam.”  Sharon bent down, peering at Sam’s face and frowning at Redwing, still a terrified mass of feathers against Sam’s chest.  “Steve said you and Redwing were hurt.”
"I'll see you in the morning." Wanda turned to go, then hesitated, adding, "Between myself and Bobbi, we should be able to put together a full set of clothes for you. I'll leave them outside the door to your room."
Steve told himself.
Sam frowned.  "We don't know that Doom has them," he pointed out once again.  "Sin's the one that took them, and she didn't sound happy with Doom when they left."
"She's one of Stephen's students," Wong said; he didn't look at the woman while he spoke, his gaze clearly on the camp bed where Strange lay, an IV line in one elbow and bandages wrapped around his torso and both his hands. "She's staying with us at the moment." He turned his head slightly, his attention refocusing on the Night Nurse, and added, "You didn't give me much information over the phone. What happened?"
Strange shrugged, an elegant motion. "After my failure to help you earlier, a place to sleep is the least I can do."
She got off the subway in midtown, emerging onto the street to see a familiar cathedral spire visible a few blocks away. The giant cross that topped St. Margaret's stood out starkly against the pale violet of the evening sky.
"I hate to admit it," Sam said, turning away from Wanda and joining the conversation, "but that is actually a good point."
One cold hand gripped his jaw, just under the edge of the mask, holding him in place like a vise. Doom started to grab for her wrist, then made himself stop. Failing to meet her challenge would be showing weakness. He was Victor von Doom, and he did not back down from a challenge; he had revealed his bare face before when it served his purposes, and he could do so again.
"Stephen Strange," Agatha was saying. "Are you sure that's a good idea? His power is very different from yours."
"We had a plan," he said, keeping his voice level with a supreme effort of will. If he shouted in here, the sound would echo off the roof and walls and be audible outside. "No part of the plan involved you attacking SHIELD agents in Central Park." He slammed a mailed fist into the wall, feeling brick crumble under his hand; it wasn't as satisfying as putting the same fist through her empty skull would be, but it would have to suffice. "Your rash actions have cost us the element of surprise. Every fool in a costume will be on guard now, knowing that you're in the city."
Doom just stood there, making no move to attack the quinjet while Sam, Clint, and Carol exited it.  Either they weren't even worth the effort of attacking anymore, or the ritual he had begun required all of his attention and energy.  Steve hoped it was the latter.
Clint hated having his own logic turned against him. "Fine," he said. "But I'm coming right back up as soon as they slap a band-aid on me."
Steve kept himself tense, carefully braced over Tony’s body and trying hard not to lean any weight on him as he buried his face in Tony’s neck.  Tony’s skin smelled like antiseptic and some undefinable scent Steve associated with hospitals, but it was warm and alive, not clammy with shock, and he could feel Tony’s breath against his ear.
Hank half-turned, a concerned look on his face.  "It was in my pocket," he said.  "I forgot about it when I went to bed."  He was staring at Don oddly, but before Don could comment on it, he shook himself visibly and turned back to his task.  "I wish I'd forgotten the entire shrunken tool kit," he muttered.
"That makes it worse," Carol added, and if Jan had still not believed her insistence that she didn't blame Wanda anymore, the odd, subdued note in her voice would have convinced her.
believed them.
Tony’s smile slipped for a moment, and Steve remembered the raw grief on his face in those magazine photos.  Before he could apologize, the smile was back, if a little too bright.
Steve hauled him over to the couch and pushed him gently down onto it. There was one free socket on the wall outlet, but Steve unplugged the lamp anyway. It gave him something to do, and for all he knew, Tony might need both outlets.
"I think we sent her away too soon," he said, for the second time. "We should have heard her out."
Tony shook his head. "You know," he said softly, leaning his weight against Steve for a moment, "if you hung it on the wall, the cat wouldn't be able to chew on it."
"Morals," Steve said firmly. "Ethics. The Geneva Convention. Or the fact that a lot of your plans involve disturbingly high chances of you blowing up."
Out of all of his teammates, Hank Pym would be the one he ended up chained up next to.  Don sighed, and rested more of his weight on his bad leg, trying to take some of the pressure off his arms — his arms and shoulders were starting to ache almost as much as his bad knee, but anything was preferable to the sickening pain that came when he put any weight on his injured leg.  "I'd really rather not find out, since it's my soul, too."
Steve winced. The museum's two-star gourmet restaurant was undoubtedly very nice, but it didn't match the low-key afternoon together that he'd had planned. "It's ridiculously over-priced," he pointed out.
He knew the others didn't trust him out in the field anymore, not until he'd proven his ability to handle the stress of superhero work and stay stable, and rubbing it in wasn't necessary.
Hank turned his face away, breaking the kiss. "Tony, stop that! I'm married!"
"How is that any of our business?" Cap  asked.  He stretched as he sat down, laying one arm over the back of  Tony's chair.  Again with the subtlety and lack thereof.
As he left, he could hear the receptionist saying to Aunt May, "So, is he really Spiderman? I thought he'd be bigger. Oh, and what's it like being Spiderman's mom?"
Steve didn't reply to that, but Tony could see his anger in the stiff set of his shoulders and the way his hands suddenly became even more careful, their movements more precise. A lot had happened while Steve had been... gone... and Sharon and Barnes had clearly seen no more reason to fill Steve in on certain specific details about their attempts to take down Red Skull than Tony had to tell Steve about some of the nastier things he and Hank and Reed had had to do to try and keep Norman Osborn off their backs and Dickstein and his committee appeased. Most of it had come out in the congressional hearings, anyway. There had been no need to rehash it.
Aaaand, that's where we'll leave them for the moment ^_^.  Not
Making Tony stay on the Helicarrier had been the right thing to do, but at the moment, Steve found himself wishing he'd given in to Tony's arguments and let him come back with them.  Tony kept the nightmares away, and when he didn't, he still managed to calm Steve down enough for him to fall back to sleep without fear of having more.
"Don't tell anyone," Tony said quickly, grabbing her by the arm as she turned to go.
"Pit viper venom." Hank said firmly, as if there were no room for doubt, but he was already moving smoothly to a rack of test tubes and a miniaturized spectrometer to test the swab he'd taken from the knife blade. "There's a standard anti-venom for that, if it's from one of the common North American species."
She had the right kind of voice for jazz -- alto instead  of soprano, and slightly husky -- and Steve enjoyed listening to songs  he remembered from before he'd gone into the army, but this time in a  setting that was refreshingly free of cigarette smoke.
Tony was staring after Thor as well, eyes on the empty doorway. Nothing but a faint frown showed on his face, but his eyes held something close to the empty, damaged look they'd had just after Steve had come back. Not regret, precisely, or shame, or hurt, but some complicated combination of the three, probably with a sizable helping of guilt and self-loathing to round it out, Tony being Tony.
Steve didn't dignify that with an answer. "So... you're okay with being my best man, right?" he asked, as the two of them picked up their towels and left the gym.
Both men had substantial business holdings in both China and several African nations, and SHIELD had been trying to get the extensive arms and heroin smuggling ring they ran shut down for months through legitimate channels, with no success.
Thor considered this for a moment, then said, "Captain America, Ms. Marvel, and the Falcon have all told me that my refusal to speak to thee endangers the Avengers as a team. I fear they are correct." It was somewhat embarrassing to admit, for it had not been his intent. "I fear also that this illness of thine, if untreated, will likewise endanger thy fellow Avengers."
He offered Sam a weak smile.  "I don't suppose you could recite the engineering schematics for quinjet engines?"
He wasn't going to think about that tonight, especially at a party where he'd be surrounded by alcohol. Tonight was for business, and he had too many people at SI depending on him to be allowed to fuck up.
ooOOoo
Thank god Wanda and Chthon hadn't used those particular memories against her. They could have, so easily. If the whole thing had gone on a little longer, another of Marcus's dopplegangers might even have shown up, drawn there by deliberately created bad luck and altered chance.
He kept forgetting that Tony was a woman now, at least physically. It was so easy, when Tony was in the armor, moving and speaking and fighting exactly the same way he always had, to imagine that nothing had changed.
The uncertainty had fallen away from Hank's expression, leaving just the shy smile behind. Hank was cute when he smiled like that; it was a shame he didn't do it more often. Jan found herself smiling back.
"Of all the people I couldn't risk having access to my tech..." Tony shook his head. "Russia sells arms to anyone who wants them these days. Who knows where my designs could have ended up?" He gestured vaguely at the air around him with a slender hand that still didn't look like it belonged to him. "China. North Korea. Afghanistan. I could have been responsible for the next major terrorist attack."
"He was hallucinating earlier," Cap said, very softly. "When I got up there, he said-" he broke off, suddenly pale, and closed his eyes again. "Not still. He thinks I'm dead again. He said 'repulsor burns don't bleed.' He thinks I'm dead and that he killed me."
"No," Steve said, and bent to see if his mouth on Tony's breast would get a similar reaction.
"You will get your revenge later," Doom said, with admirable patience. "After we've gotten the spear." There was a reason he usually preferred not to work with the criminally insane, and he was reminded of that anew with each day of his association with Synthia Schmidt. The Red Skull might have been Nazi scum, but at least he had been coherent and lucid. And the thought of how deeply it would have offended the Red Skull to know that he would have owed his ultimate revenge over his greatest enemy to one of the undesirable people his kind had wanted to destroy had almost made the struggle to stand in his presence and not kill him worth it. Doom had savored that thought almost as much as he now savored the fact that it had been his own actions in reviving Steve Rogers from the dead that had brought about the Red Skull's demise. "You do remember the spear, don't you?" he asked the Skull's psychotic daughter, not bothering to keep the contempt from his voice.
Wanda opened her mouth to speak, but Steve beat her to it.
"Really, I think I just need a band-aid," Clint started. "The bleeding's stopped, and-"
Last night's confrontation with Sin and her followers had been unsatisfying, ending as it had in a stalemate — they had recovered the grimoire, but she had fled. Now, they waited while Tony attempted to determine the maker of the device she had used to escape, and the grimoire sat in one of the museum's temperature controlled vaults under lock and key while they arranged to have it transported to the Avengers Mansion, where any further attempts by Sin to obtain possession of it could be more easily thwarted and would not put the museum's people or property at risk.
