“No,” he answered simply, “I don’t … eat. I was looking for clues to where Lucifer might be, but I thought I heard my name from in here.”
Dean called Cas for what felt like the hundredth time, he was having trouble staying focused on the road, trying to keep his mind from jumping to the worst conclusions. He knew he shouldn’t have let him go alone. The other angels hated Cas, what if they’d had some kind of trap waiting for him? And what was with the demon ambush at the bar?
, we say “he” when we’re talking about him and everything,” Cas’s posture, which before had been as proper as possible when seated on a sofa, deflated a little as Dean continued “…. And same with Raphael I mean, we saw him in a couple different vessels but no matter what he looked like, he was still a dude.”
that I had someone who looked at me the way he looks at you?” Dean was silent, but he set his jaw defensively and Sam knew he had struck a chord.
“Great,” Dean said, and for a moment Cas almost wanted to stop him. To confess. But he didn’t. “I’d like a beer,” Dean said, hastily pushing past him and leaving Castiel alone in his room.
“Sorry Dean,” Castiel said, hovering in the doorway. Dean still radiated anger. Castiel had known he would be upset; had known he wouldn’t understand. But, as much as Castiel hated lying to the Winchesters, he had to, for their own good. “Um, I just wanted to return this,” he said, placing the cassette tape Dean had given him on the desk. He knew that Dean giving it to him had meant …
Mary looked down, “I know …” She said, then restarted, “I wanted to be a good mom,” she said, meeting Sam’s eyes. “When I woke up in the forest and Dean found me, I was so determined to be good to you, to make up for lost time. But … I guess I never got much practice at it,” she said with a wry chuckle, “I didn’t know how to … be there for you.”
“Well, yeah,” Dean admitted, “yeah, we matter to each other. We have been through a lot together, and I mean A LOT. Things you probably can’t even imagine – and yeah, we help each other out and protect each other. That doesn’t mean anything like
“That’s another thing,” Sam interrupted. Some part of him knew that he shouldn’t have cut Dean off, that this was one time when Dean was choosing to be vulnerable, but he didn’t care.  He didn’t care what he’d said to Dean before, or what Dean had realized. He was tired. “You, me, Cas – we always seem to find a way back. Whether it’s demon deals, angel plans, God or just plain luck – we’re all still standing. But then we lose someone else and … nothing. Y’know, I guess we just don’t care enough, or don’t think they’re worth it.”
“Ah – We don’t know that for sure,” Sam interjected before Dean could speak. “All we know is he say he has
He stared up at the night sky. In some ways, it was like his time in The Empty had never happened. He had no idea how long he had been there, and it all felt like a strange dream … the kind that faded as the sun rose and you found yourself back in reality.
“What? No, I mean like …” Dean didn’t understand Cas’s objection, and searched for another example of what he was trying to say, “Like, Crowley, he was … a guy. Sure, he could possess a woman if he wanted to, but that’s just kinda like … if he put on a dress or something. Like, Crowley’s still a man no matter what he’s wearing, right?”
Dean rolled his eyes and stood up from where he was sitting. He gave Sam a shit-eating grin. “I smell like a bed of roses.”
Castiel began to rise into a sitting position as he returned to Jimmy Novak’s body. Dean subconsciously trailed after the white smoke as it left his mouth, closing the distance between him and Castiel’s true vessel. They both inched closer to contact as the cloud that was Castiel transferred between them.
To Dean, It all made sense in that moment. Every hidden glance, choreographed touch, charged moment. Dean couldn’t imagine being content without him. He felt like a puzzle whose final piece had just clicked into place.
Castiel closed his eyes for a moment, opening them to meet Sam’s gaze. “He is currently dreaming about being in a high school musical theatre program. I assume that on some level, he is processing the show alongside me.”
The drug reference gave Castiel pause. “The process shouldn’t be painful. It may feel uncomfortable at times as your body attunes to housing a celestial being. You may experience sensations that the human body is not equipped to feel.”
Castiel smiled at him before dissolving into Dean’s reflection. Dean lifted his hand and rubbed his face, watching his reflection follow his movements exactly. Everything was back to normal. He nodded at the empty mirror and turned on his heel to start his day.
Castiel turned the book around so that Dean could see the pages. They were all blank. “Your brain didn’t know what words to add. Try something that you know.”
What Sam saw was Dean breaking out of the ghost’s psychic hold, thrusting his hand through its chest, and the ghost burning away from the inside out.
Dean’s reflection avoided eye contact. “I understand that humans are very protective of their genitalia. I apologize. I did not intend to—”
“The mind of a shared vessel is difficult to describe in terms you can understand,” Cas shared after a pregnant pause. “There is no branch of human studies that can be used as an accurate reference.”
Castiel hummed. “The spell seems to have run its course. It should be entirely safe for me to return to my vessel.”
Dean took a deep breath and closed his eyes, picturing what he wanted Castiel to have in his mind’s eye.
Sam paused for a second, then rolled his eyes when he understood. “I’m just saying, Dean. This is uncharted territory. Who knows how angels and vessels affect each other? The Men of Letters’ research on them is all theoretical.”
Dean barked out a short laugh to distract from thinking about it too much. “Thanks for the fine print. Anything I should be on the lookout for?”
Seeing someone using his meatsuit would normally make his hand itch for a silver blade, but something about this felt different.
Dean and Castiel both leveled Rowena with steady stares. She closed her eyes to center herself before speaking again, opening them to look at Castiel.
“I’m glad I look normal.” Castiel sighed. “The spell is one that targets my grace, so humans are unable to see what the witch has done.”
Dean nodded while spreading peanut butter on a piece of bread. “I feel like I ran a freakin’ marathon.” He ran his thumb on the side of the knife to gather the remaining peanut butter and stuck it in his mouth. “I’m gonna eat a peanut butter and jelly sandwich, eat another, down a beer, and then crash for the night.”
He felt brisk air as it hit his exposed forearms, cooler than the warm summer night he had just been in. He opened his eyes to see himself standing in the middle of the countryside in front of a barn. A familiar barn.
Dean took a deep breath. “Cas, you’re my only happy ending. It’s you.” It was a revelation. “And I want a happy ending. I want a happy ending so bad it hurts.” Dean moved his hands to grip his trench coat by the lapels. “I’ve fought for it. I’ve died for it. I need the sun to set, Cas. I need you to be by my side when it does.”
Castiel took a moment before speaking, no doubt firing a trillion of his and Dean’s currently shared synapses. “We share subconscious minds in this state, but our conscious minds remain our own. Instincts and emotions are shared before coherent thought.”
“It’s bad.” Rowena finally said, her eyes flicking between Dean and Castiel. “You boys tussled with the wrong witch.”
The nighttime was when it felt truly bizarre. Dean had to lay in bed and try to fall asleep, knowing that Castiel was just a sharp inhale away. He had been tossing and turning for almost an hour. Angels didn’t sleep, so Castiel must have been just watching this all happen. He couldn’t fall asleep if he thought about it.
Rowena held up a finger and rooted through her purse as the men had an impromptu staring contest. After a moment, she pulled out a small hex bag. It fit snugly in the palm of her hand. She loosened the string tying it together slightly to create an opening.
The sunlight was filtering through the dingy hotel room’s curtains as Rowena examined Castiel with a series of powders, juices, and soft-spoken Latin chants. Dean watched as he leaned against the wall, subtly texting Sam an update on their hunt. Dean and Castiel had been trying to take out a witch just west of Lincoln when she blew a shimmering powder into Castiel’s face. He had spent the following few minutes coughing up a lung while Dean shot the witch between the eyebrows. Unsure what to do, they called Rowena when they returned to the hotel room. She was leaning over Castiel as he sat on the side of one of the beds.
Rowena continued, “I suggest that you leave your vessel before you go to bed. There hasn’t been any damage done that you won’t recover from, but that won’t be the case when you wake up tomorrow.”
“The whole...” Dean waved a hand around as he thought of how to word it. “Smoke-in-the-mouth thing. I mean, I smoked my fair share as a teen, but I’m no iron lung.”
After some more minutes, Dean finally falls asleep and he dreams with Cas sleeping next to him. But at least he gets enough rest to work as properly as he is supposed to in his job. He has managed to shut down his thoughts about Cas while he is at the garage, although sometimes they come back, but they aren’t as persistent as they were.
He is starting to hate himself a little bit less, but he still has a hard time accepting the wonderful words that Cas tells him. He says them so easily, believing each of them, and Dean is left speechless, trying to process and accept those words. But he is slowly letting those beautiful words sink under his skin, letting them to form part of him, to get rid of the ugly words that were carved in his bones and soul.
Castiel steals a kiss from Dean’s lips and he tightens his fist around Dean’s cock, making Dean shudder and moan, pulling away from the kiss. Castiel chuckles and moves his mouth to Dean’s other nipple, never stopping the slow and tight movements of his fist. Dean mewls and moans and keeps moving his fingers on Cas’ rim, making Cas moan against his nipple.
Before Cas and Kevin come back from the kitchen, they stop talking about it and Dean gets some time to calm himself down and let his blush disappear. When Cas and Kevin sit back again on their seats, they find the group talking about some funny case Sam got this week.
Their governess opened the door and smiled at him softly. She was always thankful about Castiel’s obedience and quietness. If only she knew where Castiel had been that day… “Mister Novak, it’s time to prepare yourself for dinner,” she said quietly.
In the bunker, Cas tries to apologize, but Dean tells him that he doesn’t need to, because he was under a spell, so it is fine. Then, when Dean groans in pain, Cas stands up and tries to reach for Dean’s face.
Even mad at each other, they still gravitate towards each other. Even when they fight against that pull, they still find themselves standing close to each other. There is still some space in between them, but not as much as the space they purposely kept these past few days.
At first, Cas seems shocked by the hug, but he immediately gets his arms around Dean, hugging him tightly too.
Dean pulls away from the kiss and Castiel spreads his legs. Dean is putting the lube in his hands to prepare Cas. It is funny to think that it is the end and they still have lube for their wasted sex.
He couldn’t help but smile a little as Sam dropped the lit pack of matches on the ghost’s salty and gasoline-drenched bones. Said smile turned into frightened eye contact with Sam when the ghost didn’t disappear.
“Cas.” A growl came out of Dean’s throat and he rubbed his eyes with the heels of his hands. “Whatever it is you’re doing, man, you need to pull up. This is too much.”
Castiel noticed his repetition and watched him idly. “Sam and I are refilling the grave. Would you like to take back over?”
Sam rolled his eyes and used his phone flashlight to examine the body of Jimmy Novak. Dean followed him and lingered by the bed.
Castiel continued to walk closer to Dean. “I apologize for the abrupt change in scenery. This is the first location I could think of to take you.”
Dean suddenly remembered what situation he had just escaped from. “Wait a minute, if you’re here, who’s handling my body?”
Dean and Castiel ended up in one of the extra bedrooms, one which Dean liked to call Castiel’s room. Castiel hardly used it. He was sitting on top of the unwrinkled bed covers while Dean was pacing, trying to tamper his anxiety.
Dean snuck a peek at Castiel. He nervously bit the inside of his cheek. No one spoke for another few moments.
“Good. That’s… good.” Dean felt embarrassment in his gut from the compliment, unsure if it was his own or Castiel’s. “You aren’t bored?”
“Me? Peachy.” Dean pushed himself up into a sitting position. “How’s Hotel Dean? Do I need to call housekeeping?”
“It’s all in your brain, Dean.” Castiel set the walkman body on the bathroom counter and took the headphones from Dean. Dean felt the soft brush of his fingers as he did. “The same brain that is letting you see and hear illusions can let you feel them too.”
“She was a young woman. Carlotta Richards.” Dean thought he could feel the phantom puffs of Castiel’s exhales on his cheek. “She left her family as a teenager. They didn’t approve of her.” Castiel looked at Dean meaningfully. “She saw me as a blessing. She didn’t realize she was cursed from the moment she let me in.”
“You haven’t seen any hex bags today, correct?” Rowena asked, causing them both to look back at her.
“He said that would be the only time.” Sam motioned to the counter where Dean was making his sandwich earlier. “He apologized.”
Dean forced himself to take a full breath. “Okay. Okay.” He shook his head slightly to shake off his anxiety. “Put the headphones on.”
“Nah, I’ll let you handle the heavy lifting.” Dean finally planted himself by the table of various weapons and leaned against it. “How does it feel?”
Dean’s lips quirked up. It was nice to hear his voice again. “Yeah.” His mouth was a little dry. He tried again. “Yeah, Cas. That’s better.”
“This is before I turned it into an EMF detector.” Dean wanted to reach for it, but hesitated. His hands would probably pass right through it. “It’s nice to see it again.”
“I’m beginning to appreciate the taste of beer,” he said to Sam. “The creation process behind it is very compelling.”
The case was supposed to be a simple salt-and-burn for a ghost that had been spotted a few times in a Topeka graveyard. Just a quick day trip. Everything was going according to plan until… Well, Dean’s neck hurt. Thankfully, they had dug up the grave before the ghost showed up. Double thankfully, the ghost’s attention was entirely on Dean.
“Okay.” Castiel sat. He put the headphones back on and fiddled with the buttons. He closed his eyes. “I’ll be here.”
In the blink of an eye, Castiel appeared. This time, he was lying in the bed next to Dean, under the covers in three layers of clothing. Dean felt underdressed in his pajama pants and old band shirt. The two men were lying on their sides and looking right at each other. Dean thought about telling him to give him some space, but it didn’t matter. He wasn’t physically there.
Castiel’s eyebrows drew together. He looked up at Dean and then back down at his beer. “I’d like to finish this first. It’s pleasant to drink with you two.”
Dean opened his eyes to see Castiel holding a copy of the Bible. It was small and leather bound, with the title embossed in gold. It looked like an exact copy of the one that his dad used to keep in the trunk of the Impala.
The two men continued in silence as they pulled out of the hotel parking lot. Castiel had come to appreciate silence in his time on Earth, but this particular moment rang with unsaid words. He knew that Dean would voice what he needed to say before too long. This time, he only had to wait for three-and-a-half Metallica songs.
“So, what?” Dean turned his attention to Castiel. “You’re just gonna find some other holy trench coat to possess?”
Dean forgot what he was going to say. His mouth was suddenly dry. He licked his lips and broke eye contact. He could still feel the weight of Castiel’s gaze.
“To be your new vessel.” Dean snuck another peek in Castiel’s direction, taking time to rake his eyes across his face. “If I can handle Michael, then I can handle you. Right?”
“You have to charge it for a few hours every day or two,” Sam said. “I’ll put a charger in your room later.”
Sam was walking to the kitchen in the early hours of the morning when he heard sound coming from Dean’s lounge (which Sam refused to call
“Of course not,” Dean backtracked immediately. “I’m sure you’re, y’know, good looking. For a guy.” Dean would have to change the subject if he didn’t want Castiel to notice his blushing cheeks. “It’s just something people say.”
Dean grabbed the phone from Castiel and examined it, testing the power button a few times. “When’s the last time you plugged it in?”
Dean opened his eyes. He hadn’t been aware that he closed them. Sam was banging on the other side of the door. They must have been making noise, even if he didn’t realize it. He stumbled up from his chair and almost instantly banged his shin against the bed frame.
“Dean,” Castiel said, breaking the silence that fell when Rowena left. “This is a manageable problem. There is no need to worry.”
The tendril of Castiel finally reached Dean’s lips. For a moment, it felt like he had used TV static as chapstick. The static feeling filled Dean’s throat. It spread over his head and spilled down his chest as more of Castiel flowed through him. It felt like the borders of his body were being erased, like he was expanding to fill the bedroom. His head was floaty and blurry, as if he was back to being seventeen and smoking Js with other nomads outside of run-down hotels.
He spent a longer time than normal picking out clothes, still putting off having to deal with Castiel possessing him while he showers. Finally, he entered the bathroom he claimed as his own. There was just enough space for the basics: toilet, shower, sink, counter, mirrored medicine cabinet.
Castiel didn’t say anything, choosing instead to close the distance between Dean and him. For a second, Dean thought—
Dean could tell that Sam knew it was time for Castiel to go back. Dean knew too. He was eating breakfast when the man himself made an appearance.
Dean’s eyes threatened to fill with tears, but his eyebrows were set sternly in place. “Please, Cas. I won’t ask you twice. Stay.”
Dean suddenly realized that the bathroom didn’t have much room for privacy. He looked around for a moment before lowering the lid of the toilet.
He said it as if it was the easiest thing in the world. The sky was blue, two and two was four, and Dean Winchester was from the heavens.
Castiel swung his legs on top of his bed, shoes and all. He leaned against the headboard in a sitting position. Dean bit his tongue when he worried about the dirt tracking onto the sheets.
“You don’t have to worry ‘bout a thing, Sammy.” Dean took another sip of his beer. For some reason, he felt nervous to tell Sam. He pushed it down. “Cas is gonna stay with me.”
“Um…” Sam floundered for words for a moment, suddenly struck by the strangeness of the situation. “Do you want any coffee? I’m starting a pot.”
Dean walked over to the side of Castiel’s bed. “My answer hasn’t changed since the last time you asked.”
“I’m glad you like it.” Sam chuckled airly. “So, what happened with the witch? You look totally normal to me.”
“Well,” Dean said, setting his beer on the table and moving to get out of his chair. “What do you say, Cas? No time like the present?”
no matter how many times Dean threatened to cut his hair off). He changed course to investigate, his socked feet making soft
There were sigils and graffiti painted all over the walls. He knew those sigils. He painted them with Bobby.
“Not necessarily,” Rowena interrupted. “The spell is only affecting Castiel’s physical form. If he were to” —she struggled to find the word for a moment— “exit, the spell would run its course and eventually fizzle out. I don’t see why he couldn’t return after that.”
“I’m not opening that can of worms,” Dean finally said. He patted Sam’s shoulder as he moved past him to leave the room. “I’m starving.”
Castiel was the one who closed the space between them. It was electricity in motion. Their kisses were clumsy, awkward, but neither of them would change a thing as they fell onto Castiel’s bed and the kisses began to deepen.
He reached his hand out for the door handle, but the doors opened in a burst of sparks and splintering wood before he could even touch it. The inside of the barn was revealed.
After a cup of coffee for breakfast, Dean started to become aware of how dirty he was. He never actually had the chance to take a shower after the fight with the witch. Thankfully, she was staying in a classy apartment rather than a cabin in the woods, but still. He probably smelled like an entire gym locker room. He put it off for as long as he could, not knowing how to bring it up to Castiel. He almost made it to noon by reading lore in a storage room before Sam leaned over him to see what the book said and scrunched his nose.
He adjusted his position on the bed. “Come on, man. You’ve gotta take what I’m giving to you. I wouldn’t say it if I didn’t mean it.”
Dean’s reflection tilted his head and lowered his eyebrows slightly. Seeing Castiel’s mannerisms on his body made his hands twitch. He had to stop himself from touching the mirror. To shatter it or caress it, he didn’t know.
Castiel stood up and moved his eyes around the room before ending on Rowena. “I would be able to sense if there were any present.”
“Do?” Rowena began to gather her supplies back into her large purse. “There isn’t much that can be done, I’m afraid.”
“It’s great.” Dean adjusted his position in the seat. “There, we talked about it. Can we stop by a store? I need to pick up some protein.”
Dean felt the tips of his ears begin to burn as he remembered what he had just been doing. He cleared his throat and changed the subject. “So what, you’ve been busy reading my thoughts?”
It was like touching the surface of the sun. Dean leaned into Castiel’s body for a moment before pulling away. He felt like he was burning.
Dean looked up to tell Sam no, but jolted when he wasn’t standing by the doorway anymore. He looked around the room and flinched again when he realized Sam was a few feet to his side.
Castiel looked out into the darkness, giving Dean a view of his side profile. “You’re the strongest vessel known to man. I am… exceedingly comfortable.”
Thank God that Dean’s tastebuds were still working. If he started tasting molecules instead of flavors, he would have to kick Castiel out. He piled his plate up high with the chicken alfredo that he spent the past few hours cooking. Sam had already served himself a plate of the pasta before Dean added the chicken and was sitting at the kitchen table, reading something on his laptop with one hand while he ate with the other. Dean grabbed some silverware and sat down across from him.
Castiel hummed idly and then lifted himself to look Dean in the eye again. “Are you ready to be possessed?”
“My phone stopped working a while ago.” Castiel pulled it out of his pocket. “It no longer turns on.”
It was beat up, with countless chips in the plastic. The wire to the headphones had a kink or two in it, but Dean knew that it would still work. It was loaded with an AC/DC track that Dean stole from the Impala’s glove box when he was 17.
“Dude, you need to get a sleep apnea machine.” Sam laughed from where he was sitting behind the steering wheel. “You sound like an airplane.”
Castiel nodded and pressed it. He looked at Dean with a smile. “It’s working!” he said, a bit louder than normal.
Despite feeling anxiety grow in his gut, Dean felt calmness attempting to wash over him. He looked at Castiel.
Rowena made a noncommittal sound as she examined Castiel lightly with her eyes. “Oh, a few days to be safe. These things move faster when the mind isn’t present.”
“Sure, maybe one that a dog just peed in.” Sam chuckled under his breath. “Maybe you can ask Cas to zap you clean.”
He heard cracks of lightning. Castiel was no longer looking at him, deciding to move his gaze to something behind him.
Dean laughed dryly and shook his head, looking away again. “This is weird, man. I feel like Jamie Lee Curtis.”
Sam quickly glanced at him, keeping his attention on the road. “I don’t really know. Cas took over to kill the ghost and clean up, but then he just sat silently in the car. It was creepy.” Sam shrugged. “I just said something when you started to snore.”
“I see.” Castiel relaxed his arms and allowed his gaze to trail up to the ceiling. “I never understood human beauty standards. I have a hard time evaluating my vessel.”
Dean chuckled at his own humor as he walked to his bedroom to grab a fresh set of clothes. Once he realized that he needed a shower, everything felt uncomfortable. It would be nice to get under the bunker’s perfect water pressure again.
“I have no other choice,” Castiel said. “But my vessel will survive without me until the spell runs its course.” Anticipating Sam’s question, he added, “I’ll be able to return to this vessel in a few day’s time.”
Castiel tilted his chin up and inhaled as he thought. “You have a higher white blood cell count than Jimmy. Your cholesterol is higher than his as well.” He paused. “You also have more” —he squinted his eyes slightly as he decided on a word to use— “brightness to your vessel.”
Dean continued, comparing his small failures to Castiel’s, as though they even held a candle to his, “Me and Sam, we had her. We had Kelly and we lost her.”
“Hey, Dean, what do you want to watch tonight?” Sam asked, walking into the library where Dean sat at his computer.
The cosmic entity had tried to discourage him, had tried to remind him of his failures but … it hadn’t worked. Maybe it had to do with the hope the Nephilim had given him, or maybe dying had somehow cleared his head but, he didn’t feel as weighed down by his failures as he previously had. It was true, he had disappointed Dean – and Sam, and himself – many times. But he kept on living. He knew he couldn’t erase the bad things he’d done – where he had come from – but the future, where he was going … certainly that was more important than anything that lay behind him.
“Well,” Sam said, pulling up a specific page, “since he’s always been really into girls, we know he’s not
thing he could do right now, was use his connection to heaven to save the Winchesters from this mess they’d gotten into. But Dean didn’t see that. He always grew cold when Castiel disappointed him, but once Dean had moved on, he acted as though nothing had happened. As though his forgiveness should have been all Castiel needed to keep moving forward.
“Of course I’ve noticed,” Castiel interrupted, “but no, I haven’t talked to Dean about any potential ‘feelings.’ In case you missed it, Dean doesn’t share unless he wants to.”
Sam glanced between Dean and Cas, clearly noticing the tension. “Ok,” he said, “So … we know what we really need for the spell now,” he hesitated, nodding a little at Cas, “thanks,” he said uncertainly, “Uh – I’ll start hitting the books, see what the lore can tell us about them.”
Sam had sat in silence most of the car ride home, silently processing everything that had happened that day, while Dean processed it loudly in the driver seat. He hadn’t shut up for more than a minute since they’d woken up in the park with Castiel and Kelly long gone.
she got mixed up with us,” he was tired of always looking for the explanation, the things they told themselves to feel better, to move on, “and then she came to us for help, but we couldn’t do anything. So, y’know, I kinda feel like it was on us.”
He took a deep breath, “I think … I think I do love him,” he said carefully, “emotions are … complicated. I’m not sure if what I feel,
“Oh,” Sam said, and he also glanced at Castiel, before returning his full attention to his cup of coffee. “Yeah, it can be hard for Dean to open up,” was all he said.
“The thing,” Dean repeated, standing up, “where you’re worried about me, so you try to be extra nice to me. Stop it, I hate it.”
Castiel took his time answering the question. How did he feel about Dean Winchester? That was a complicated question. He knew what he wanted to say, and he knew what Dean thought he should say, but somewhere in the middle lay the truth. Dean would say they needed each other and leave it at that. But Castiel … he did need Dean. More than anyone he had ever known. Although Dean could be cruel when he felt betrayed, although they had both hurt each other countless times, Castiel couldn’t imagine his life without Dean Winchester. He’d had a long time to think while Lucifer was parading around in his vessel, and Dean had been at the forefront of his thoughts. Out of all the things he had missed while he was trapped in his own mind … When Dean had tried to free him from Lucifer, and he’d had that small moment of control – seeing the concern in Dean’s eyes, the desperation. That had snapped something in him, it had taken a moment to set in, but once Lucifer was gone, Castiel knew he never wanted to be parted from Dean like that ever again.
“You gotta eat something,” Dean said tersely, then he noticed the box open on the bed, the letter in his hand. “What are you doing?” he asked, sitting opposite Sam on the bed and grabbing for the box. Sam moved to stop him, but without much effort. Dean looked at the contents – pictures of them, the prop they’d gotten at the high school theater production, other tid-bits and trinkets Sam had been collecting. Sam shifted uncomfortably; it wasn’t like Dean didn’t know about this box, just that he’d never let him pick through it before. He felt like a stupid teenage girl getting her diary read.
“You didn’t tell me you got out too,” Mary said, surprised. He’d mentioned that Sam had gone to college, but Dean made it sound like hunting was the only life he’d ever known.
“I’ve read a lot – personal blog posts, academic articles, social experiments, psychology books – you name it.” Sam said, sitting on his bed beside his mom, laptop in hand. “Our friend Charlie helped a lot – she was kinda like a sister to us,” he said, smiling softly at the memory. “Also a lesbian, so she kinda introduced me to the LGBTQ set of terms, and online communities and stuff.”
Mary was reading the screen intently, and Sam had an odd moment where he almost expected her to turn to him and ask
As he stood and waited, looking up at the moon, another thing the Empty had said came echoing back through his memory:
“Dean,” Cas sighed, rolling his eyes, “I acted different because Jack gave me something I haven’t had in a long time. He gave me hope, something to believe in.”
I feel, can really be compared to human emotion… but I know he means … everything … to me.” Sam only nodded silently, and Castiel felt like that silence was a sentencing of some sort.  “Promise me,” he said, “that you won’t ever tell Dean that I said that.”
Sam had to admit that Dean had a point. This was part of a toxic pattern, but he also couldn’t blame Castiel for what he’d done. Sam met his brother’s eyes and simply asked, “would you really rather have let mom die for us, after we just got her back?”
“What?!?!” Dean exclaimed, letting out a harsh laugh. “Cas? NO. Mom, what the hell? Why would you say that?” Mary shrugged her shoulders, ready to let the matter drop, but Dean pushed. “Why would you say that? What could possibly make you think that?” He was trying to laugh it away, but the extra wall of defenses was definitely there.
” he admitted, “it felt like … everything was on fire. Like I could feel bits of myself disintegrating slowly. And I knew there was nothing I could to do stop it.
“Then he’s fine,” Sam said evenly, “and this time we know for sure, because he’s here with us.” Dean still seemed dissatisfied, and Sam sighed, “listen, Dean, Cas took care of himself. He’s fine. You have to realize that it’s not your job to take care of all of us, all of the time. I know that you want to, but you can’t. You’re just one guy.”
Dean was quiet for a moment, thinking. “Sam, I’m sorry,” Dean began eventually, standing, “I really am. Eileen was – she was awesome. So was Charlie, so was Kevin, none of them deserved what they got … And I know, we’ve lost a lot of people but … we can’t stop fighting. I know, I was ready to stop not too long ago. I was … closer than you know,” he admitted shakily, “but then we got Cas back and I realized –”
He didn’t know why this line should have stuck with him. It wasn’t like he hadn’t heard similar sentiments from countless others – people were always taunting him about his connection to the Winchesters – specifically to Dean. It wasn’t like it was some grand secret. But … the way it had been said … the knowing glint in The Empty’s eyes …
“I know,” Sam said gently, but Dean could tell he was in a hurry. There was a problem to fix, they could grieve later. “I know Dean, and I can’t – I don’t know –”
He gets up slowly, not trusting his body completely. Dean stands up quickly, watching out in case Cas falls down, but the fallen angel seems alright.
Castiel wakes up feeling cold and he blindly grabs the sheet to pull it up while pressing closer to Dean, who chuckles next to him. Dean is already awake, but Castiel is still more slept than awake. He envies Dean’s facility to wake up.
“There are still so many items to label and categorize. We obviously won’t finish this weekend. So, we could go somewhere next weekend so Sam can finish this.”
“No, I did it yesterday,” Dean answers as he puts on a t-shirt. Then he touches his face, feeling how some stubble wants to appear. “We should get some of those electric shavers. It would ease things.”
Before Dean pulls his fingers away, they share a passionate kiss. Then, Cas gets both of his legs around Dean’s waist and Dean pushes inside him, making the two of them groan at the sensation. Dean can’t help but close his eyes as he moans. Cas feels so damn good around him.
“You like to point that out every single fucking day, love,” he says with a sassy look, and Castiel presses his lips into a thin line, trying to suppress his smile, but failing at it. “But y’know,” Dean keeps saying, looking around the bedroom. “We could come here for Christmas and for every summer. I’d love that, y’know?”
But Cas looks at him with decision. “Dean, you've already taken the Mark. You can't take it again. I can. It's the only way.”
“Take care little bro.” He walks towards Cas and squeezes his shoulder in that brothering way of his, giving him that warm but concerned smile. Castiel smiles and his brother leaves the Roadhouse.
Dean feels that familiar tightening feeling around his chest. He thought that Cas came to stay here, but he wasn’t expecting this. This is so unexpected and right now he’s paralyzed, not knowing what to do or what to say. His brain can’t work properly and he doesn’t want to screw anything up. He doesn’t know if he should say anything or not.
“Yeah.” He begins to walk towards Cas until he is next to him and he places his hand on the small on his back. “I know you aren’t a great cook, but I think it’s time you start learning how to cook.”
“Hey,” Charlie says kindly. She is kneeling on the floor and one of her elbows is on the mattress. With her other hand, she starts to caress Dean’s hair. “It’s been a few days since we last seen.”
“I’m a joy to be around,” Dean said as he sat on one of the biggest and thickest branches. Castiel made a sarcastic smile. “Yeah, okay, I can be a bit insufferable, but you still like me.” That was true. Castiel couldn’t deny that. He liked every aspect of Dean’s personality. “C’mon, Cas! Climb the tree!”
Castiel hides his eyes from Dean’s and he keeps painting, trying to run away from this awkward conversation. Dean turns his face to look at the library. As he looks at it, a question is scratching in his head, craving for escaping through his mouth.
He rubs his face and he looks at the pile of exams the students did yesterday. Teaching them isn’t easy, some of them slightly panic when they see blood, others throw up, but the worst is when they seize up and they don’t know what to do. Castiel has to teach them how to keep calm and think. Correcting exams is easy, it’s knowing if they have enough knowledge of diseases, if they have acquired relevant enough experience through their theory of surgeries enough to do it practically. He should mark the exams but he’s tired from this morning’s surgery.
They get dressed after the shower and they go to have breakfast. Castiel misses his coffee and Dean’s breakfast, but their breakfast here isn’t that bad. Still, he wishes they could have their homey breakfast.
Castiel adores Charlie. He has adored her since the first time they met. She was so happy and excited about meeting him, a thing that Cas barely saw during those years; Dean had the Mark and he seemed glad to see him, but not like he used to before he got that curse in his arm and Sam was really worried about his brother and he was glad to see Cas because he could help, but Charlie was extremely happy and she pulled him into a hug and Castiel fell a love and a care that he had barely felt during that terrible year. Her death destroyed and hurt him, but luckily, he managed to bring her back to life a few months later.
And Dean fights, he really fights. But there is a moment when the darkness takes over him and he can’t do anything about it.
“Well, I’m surprised that he’s back, but I’m not surprised about you two going out together, as friends or whatever you were when he parted.” How can Kevin be so casual with this situation while Dean is having some sort of feeling crisis with a heart attack? “Dean, the moment you saw Castiel come in here a couple of minutes ago, your eyes lighted up like you just saw a lost love.”
Once he opens the apartment and sees the darkness in it, he switches on the lights and closes the door. Part of him wishes there could be someone already waiting for him after these longs days. Castiel has gotten used to be alone, but he hasn’t gotten used to the loneliness. Sometimes his apartment is too quiet, too lonely, too cold. Maybe one day it won’t be like that; maybe one day he will have someone already waiting for him, smiling when he is back home, someone with green eyes and freckles kissing him as a way of greeting him.
“Of course I did,” Dean says. “I never told you that I loved you ‘cause I thought that you couldn’t feel things like humans did. That’s why I never said anything. But I’ve been in love with you for a long time, Cas.”
When Dean has the head of Cas’ cock pressed against his throat, he hollows his cheeks, sucking him, and Castiel makes a loud and filthy moan. Dean looks at him, feeling his cock twitch at the beautiful image or Castiel being rapt by him. Dean bobs his head up, and then down, pressing his lips tighter and swirling his tongue around Cas’ length, tasting him. His bobs his head steadily, not taking his eyes from Cas as he swallows him down.
“I know, Dean,” Castiel says as he makes soothing circles on the small of Dean’s back. “We should bring the remaining items back to the Impala and then grab what we need to destroy the relics.”
“Okay. We’ll have breakfast and we’ll go.” He walks towards where Cas is and he squeezes his buttock, and action that startles Cas a little but makes him smile in a rogue way. “We didn’t have to do anything today, huh?” he whispers, smirking.
“Love it when you are so tight,” Castiel moans as his hand goes from Dean’s ass to his hair. “Ah—!” He tilts his head up and Dean seizes the occasion to kiss Cas’ adam’s apple, feeling how it trembles as he swallows. He tightens his grip on Dean’s hair and he presses their foreheads together. “Dean— Dean— Dean—” He moans in a desperate and sweet way.
“Yeah? Well, I’m glad about that, buddy. But I should’ve made sure you were okay instead of just asking you to deal with my crap.”
“Of course I’m staying.” Dean says with a happy smile. He kisses Cas’ head. He thinks he shouldn’t do that, but Cas doesn’t seem to mind about it, he even makes a shy smile.
“Maybe next time.” He stretches out. He has to do some homework but he is lazy about it. “How are you and Jessica doing?” he asks with a mischievous smile. He asks it because he loves the way his brother’s face suddenly gets all red. Even his ears turn red.
Castiel punches his arm and Dean frown at him, half confused and half angry. “Dean, I don’t overrate you at anything. If you were terrible at something, I would tell you, you know it.”
Dean drives to town, followed closely by Cas. They could go in one car, but it’s easier this way. Cas has all his gardening stuff in the pick-up truck, besides, they never end their working schedule at the same time, so it’s better to just head back home when they are done instead of waiting for the other.
“Hey, we’re fine,” Dean insists. “The cabin’s great and we aren’t in danger. It’s not like we’re running out of time or anything, so take things at your own pace.”
“I’m gonna take a shower first, if you don’t mind,” Dean says as he saves his phone back inside the pocket after turning off the alarm.
“Yeah. I didn’t want you to waste your time with someone who didn’t deserve you. That’s why I said all those things.” He looks down and then, he rubs his eyes. “But the main problem was something else.” Dean now looks up, seeing that Cas moves his eyes up to meet his. “The problem was that I didn’t want to admit that I was in love with you.” With that Castiel’s face turns into a shocked one and his eyes shine with tears on them. “It took me a long to finally admit that I love you. And— maybe if it isn’t too late for us, maybe we can fix everything and be together, like, y’know, a couple.” He shrugs his shoulder in a timid way.
They keep holding hands, tightening the grip when the pleasure reaches those overwhelming levels they both love. Dean begins to kiss Castiel’s jaw, neck, mouth and everywhere he can reach. His pace increases, feeling the heat building in his belly. It only takes him a few thrusts to come inside Cas, falling apart onto him. He keeps thrusting in and out of his husband, and Castiel comes, burying his face against Dean’s jawline, his body tensing and arching with his release.
“The patrons of the answers were all b. It doesn’t matter if you are one hundred percent sure your answers are correct. If the answer to twenty questions is the same freaking letter, it will make you doubt.”
“Are you fucking kidding me?!” Dean yelled, and his voice echoed in the kitchen. Castiel didn’t remember seeing Dean as pissed off as he was. “Your fiancée is sleeping with the guy that wants to be the King of Arpret! Don’t you fucking dare to tell me that you don’t know what this means, Cas!”
He replays Cas’ words in his mind. He will never forget the way Cas teared up as he told Dean that everything he had ever done, he had done it because of love. That he had changed Dean. That he loved him.
They spent their afternoon doing laundry first and then doing a puzzle of a thousand pieces. It takes a long time to complete it, but they eventually manage to have the
Cas throws his boot away, ending next to Dean’s, making a racketing sound. “Did you think you weren’t going to make it?”
Sam leans a little on the table, and Dean arches his eyebrow. “But you’re gonna ask him out, right?” Sam whispers, checking that nobody from the kitchen is going to come.
Dean’s hands stop and they look at each other’s eyes. Castiel can see pain in them, but he can also see in Dean’s face that he is locking in himself. Dean takes a deep breath and grabs the bandage and he starts to roll it over Castiel’s hand. “Nothing,” he says without looking into Castiel’s eyes. And Castiel knows that Dean is lying, but also that he doesn’t want to talk about it either.
Dean clenches his jaw and turns his face to look at Cas. He always looks so beautiful when he’s naked and lounging on the bed after sex. Dean likes when they are lying together after sharing some awesome sex. He has never had this with any other client. He has never had or felt anything like this with anyone who wasn’t Cas.
They take each other’s clothes off, wasting as little time as possible, being eager to feel the wonderful sensation of skin against skin, without having anything in between each other. Their hands praise the skin revealed with every piece of cloth that it is taken, touching restlessly, hands tracing down their bodies and their mouths kissing everywhere.
As they have dinner, both Dean and Cas inform Sam about what they found on the internet, and the three of them theorize about the monster.
Castiel laughs. He really laughs, and fuck, Dean would give anything to hear that sound more often. He finds himself laughing too, like he hasn’t done in a really long time. It is a true one, not like the forced and weird ones he has been doing lately. It is a laugh that echoes though his heart and it makes him feel better than what it feels like years.
“You’re a rabbit food lover,” Dean says as Castiel gives him the last of his onion. “How can you not like onions? You’re a shame to all the rabbit food lovers!”
“What do you want for breakfast?” Dean asks as he stretches next to the bed. His healed leg feels amazing now that he got rid of the plaster three days ago. “Apart from coffee,” he adds, aware that that was what Cas was going to say.
“Shut up,” he says with a high pitched voice, clearly feeling timid. He flushes immediately and looks away from that cute, proud face Castiel is making.
Dean holds him tightly on his hips, helping him with his wonderful movements. Dean is a moaning and whimpering mess. Cas is so tight and warm, but all of that intensifies when Cas squeezes and the hunter can’t help to bend his knees, moving his legs restlessly and swearing, which makes Cas smirk.
Dean dares to look at Cas, but he isn’t meeting his eyes either. Dean wishes he didn’t have to do this, but he has no choice. Hopefully, when he is able to tell Cas the truth, he will understand.
Dean isn’t sure, but he swears the phone from the living room is ringing. He is in the middle of his song and he isn’t going to pick up the damn phone. It’s not important right now. So he keeps singing, “
Castiel rolls both of them, being Dean the one pinned in between Cas and the mattress. He pulls away from Cas’ swollen and wet lips and he arches his eyebrow, earning him a challenging look from the ex-angel. Dean grabs Castiel’s wrists and he rolls the two of them, pressing Cas’ back against the mattress.
Sam walked through the halls of the bunker, heading to his room. This day had taken a lot out of him. Seeing another yellow-eyed demon – he’d been terrified for a moment that Azazel was back. For a second, he was a 24-year-old kid again, filled with anger, hellbent on revenge, and scared out of his mind.
“Dean,” Sam’s voice sounded like it was underwater. Dean had a sense that he was there, running toward him, but it wasn’t like it mattered. “Dean,” Sam repeated, and Dean thought he felt a pressure on his shoulder; a hand. He blinked, and things started to come back into focus, he saw Sam, his little brother, kneeling in the dirt beside him. Sam looked worried, like he wanted Dean to get up, do something. But Dean didn’t want to do anything.
, he’d said, breaking eye contact. That wasn’t a phrase Dean had heard much in his life. He could count on one hand the times he remembered someone saying it to him. And although Cas had been speaking to all three of them – him, Sam, and their mom – Dean couldn’t shake the feeling that it had meant something … more.
want to hurt them. And when Jack had called himself a monster, he had looked straight at Dean, seeming to seek confirmation.
Cas looked at Dean and found himself with a question he was afraid to ask. On the one hand, Dean was the most important person in his life. He admired him, trusted him, loved him, even. Working the case together, spending time where they didn’t have to worry about the fate of world, even pretending to be cowboys, had stoked those feelings within him. Cas loved just existing beside this man, it made him feel … real. But on the other hand, he knew from personal experience that when Dean wanted to hurt someone – well, he didn’t pull his punches. Even sometimes when he
Sam, Dean, and Castiel sat around the table in the bunker, drinking and chatting. Castiel had an odd, twisted feeling, knowing that he was the only member of his old battalion still living. Even knowing that heaven had been corrupted, even with everything he had done, they were still his brothers. He still had fond memories of them and the years they’d spent together. And here he sat, with his … new battalion, his new family. He didn’t regret the choices he had made, but that didn’t erase the relationships he’d had before. Everything he had now destroyed.
“Cas,” Dean said, and Castiel stopped “You can’t… With everything that’s going on, you can’t just go dark like that. We didn’t know what happened to you,” although Dean still refused to look at him, Castiel could tell that his tone was softer, more earnest than before. He was angry, but it was because he cared. He cared too much, sometimes. It would be so much easier to take care of him if he didn’t. “We were worried. That’s not okay.”
Mary sighed and rolled her eyes, and Sam understood the frustration. As much as he wanted to, this wasn’t something he could just kill. This was deeply complex emotional stuff that Dean was dealing with – and Dean never dealt with that kind of thing well. He repressed, and he drank, and he sublimated, and they were lucky when, or if, he actually opened up. He’d been getting better at communicating, as had Sam – the two of them hadn’t fought they way they used to in a long time – but he still just kept pushing forward, refusing to process everything they’d gone through. Everything they were still going through.
Eventually the song came to an end and Dean pulled the Impala over to the side of the road. Cas was looking at him expectantly, patiently, and it made Dean want to scream.
“You’ve been thinking about this for a long time, haven’t you?” Mary asked, a smile pulling at her lips. So far, her conversations with Sam had been stilted and short. They both had so much they wanted to ask each other but no idea how to start. But right now, Sam seemed comfortable, even eager, to talk. As if he’d been waiting for someone to share this with for a while.
Dean stared at Cas, feeling like he didn’t recognize him. Dean wasn’t unfamiliar with making the hard calls, he knew morals had to bend sometimes, some people had to be used, but this … turning Donatello into a vegetable? Sometimes he forgot how inhuman Cas could be. Of course, he wasn’t human. He may have had a taste of humanity when he lost his grace, but he was an angel, a celestial being trapped in an earthly vessel, whose true form and voice would blind and deafen a human.
The day after Sam and Dean got back from helping Donna, Sam didn’t feel like getting up. He’d spent the night staring at the ceiling, slipping in and out of restless dreams. Dreams of people they’d known. People they’d saved. People they hadn’t.
Sam swallowed, “Gender has always been … weird for me,” he admitted, “I mean, I’m definitely not a woman, I know that,” he said with a breathy laugh, “but at the same time … I don’t know, I play the role of ‘man’ because its what people expect from me, but … I don’t know if it’s really
Castiel waited by the telephone booth. Sam and Dean hadn’t been close when he called, so he knew he’d be standing there for a while. It didn’t bother him. It wouldn’t be the first time.
Sam sighed and shut his laptop, laying it aside, “the thing is Mom, it’s not really our place. Even though we’re his family and everything, it’s his life. It’s
“Cas,” he said, answering it, “I was just about to call you.” He had actually just decided to not call Cas, not until Rowena finished her spell. He’d wanted to, but he hadn’t wanted to seem … clingy?
He headed up to the library, eventually grabbing a seat as far away from the war room as possibly, leaving Dean and Cas standing by themselves.
“Dean,” Castiel was exasperated, “I wish …” he started, but seemed to think better of it. They trudged on for a few more moments, the crunch of dead leaves filling the air.
Sam chuckled, “because, you hate it when I pick, and we both know that if Cas picks, we’re gonna end up watching a three-hour Netflix documentary on bees.” Dean laughed; it was true, they’d learned their lesson after a couple of failed attempts.
Sam chuckled, “Right, yeah.  You’ve been dead since the early eighties,” he paused, realizing that that was an insensitive comment, and glanced at his mom, but she seemed unphased so he continued, “it stands for Lesbian, Gay, Bisexual, Transgender, and Queer. Basically, anyone who’s not – you know – straight.”
“Uh yeah, I guess,” Dean responded, gesturing for Cas to follow him into the room and taking a seat. He got the feeling Cas wanted to have some sort of … discussion, though he had no clue what it was about, “I wasn’t sure but, I’m starting to think Sam was right. Kid’s got potential.”
special, and he hoped returning the gesture would help to heal some wounds. At least if Cas died today Dean would be able to have his favorite music back.
“Why would you bring him up?” Dean asked softly, and Sam scoffed. He couldn’t believe Dean would still deny it.
Well that was new information, but Mary was on a roll now. “After that, he did everything you asked. You sent him out searching for Sam while you sat here with me, and he didn’t complain. He is incredibly loyal to you. And I swear I caught the two of you glancing at each other in the car ride when you thought the other wasn’t looking,” Dean scoffed at this, “When you didn’t want me to follow you into the house – which, again, was a stupid decision – you and he had a … a silent conversation with just your eyes. The kind of conversation I’ve only ever had with John. He seems to be very protective of you.  Then I find that he lives here, in the bunker, with you and Sam.”
Cas looked contemplative, “I’ve never made a study of it, but I know that countless cultures have included people who don’t identify within the binary of man or woman. It would make sense to me.”
DEAN: So, if it's gone, then that means that we can't open that door again. [yelling] If we can't open the door, then I should've never come back! [Dean throws his hand across the table, scattering things onto the floor.] Son of a bitch! Every time! [He puts his hands on his head and turns away from Sam and Castiel, who look on in shock.]
Sam chuckled, “yeah, sure man. Don’t worry about it. I won’t tell my brother you have a crush on him.”
But he remembered now. Ever since Cas had come back from death, he’d had a drive, a passion, that Dean hadn’t seen in him for a long time. He carried himself differently. He fought ferociously. And he wouldn’t let anyone get in his way … even Dean.
Mary and Dean sat at the kitchen table, sipping coffee in silence. Mary smiled at Dean, “So,” she began, only a little awkward, “do you mind if I ask you some … getting to know you questions?”
Dean didn’t know what he’d do. They’d just gotten him back. There hadn’t been time for … for anything.
“I get that man, I really do,” Sam said, “and, I mean, it’s up to you. But I’ve learned that sometimes, if you don’t rock the boat, you could end up somewhere you never wanted to be.”
“That’s an understatement.” Castiel said gruffly, “the … cosmic entity I annoyed, he said nothing has ever woken him up before. If Jack can do that … We have no idea what his potential is.” He stood with his hands in his pockets, brow furrowed, and Dean couldn’t help but feel like he was concerned.
Sam cleared his throat and sat up a bit taller, as if he were preparing himself for some kind of attack. “Ok, yeah. Actually we were … we were thinking of asking you about it, if Dean’s talked to you or if you’ve noticed –”
And suddenly words failed him. His throat felt caught by something, and he fought back tears that he felt creeping into the corners of his eyes. He’d lost Cas before, and he felt like all the grief he’d been pushing down for years was beginning to bubble up. Even as he stood right in front of him, the feeling of helplessness, of failure, started to consume him.
Dean shook his head, mouth full, and Sam thought for a moment that was all he was gonna get, but eventually Dean spoke, “I just …” he swallowed, “I just can’t believe we didn’t know that Cas was – that it wasn’t Cas we were talking to. How did we not pick up on that?”
“That is exactly the problem,” Sam said, “you think it’s all on you, that you’re the only one who can do anything. You always have. Hell, even when we’re on a basic hunt, you rarely listen to me once you’ve made up your mind. You go charging off to ‘gank the witch’ or whatever, even when all the evidence points to you being wrong!” That was just the most recent example Sam could think of, but it was something that had bothered him for a long time.
She rested her head on his chest, then laughed weakly, “Oh Sammy,” she said, stepping back and holding him at arm’s length, looking up at his face, “how did you get so big?”
Castiel’s eyes were narrowed, almost accusatory, “I guess I just expected … I mean, we fight for each other, right? You always …” he cut off, confusion flickering across his face, “but you burned my body? You … what, you didn’t want me to come back?”
Before he could yell something back to Dean, his brother pushed the door open and came in, a plate of pancakes in one hand.
Dean look at Sam like he had gone insane, but Sam was tired of letting Dean take charge in everything. “Are you serious?” Dean asked, “I’m sorry Sam, but do you really want me to list the
Dean: “and you have been with us every step of this long crazy coat ride and no matter how crazy it got you never backed down”
Castiel nodded, although he stayed silent. Dean looked at him, wondering what he was thinking. Unbidden, the memory came back to Dean’s mind. Castiel, looking up at him, helpless and dying.
Castiel sat on Sam’s desk chair, honestly more nervous than he should have been. Sam sat on the edge of his bed, with his hands clasped in front of him, waiting expectantly. Castiel had a feeling he should try to build up to the conversation topic, but he didn’t know where to start. After a couple moments, he decided to just jump right into it. “I know what you’ve been discussing with Mary,” he said, meeting Sam’s eyes.
Dean looked at Sam, steel-eyed and silent. Then he shook his head in frustration, grabbed his sandwich, and walked away.
Sam shrugged, his face a mixture of concern and exhaustion, “I don’t know, maybe he’s in the middle of something right now. I’m sure if there was something to be concerned about, he’d tell us.”
did to Lily, was pretty damn jacked-up. But if she ever comes looking for you, you know I would be there to stop her.”
“He’s—” he took a shaky breath, and, involuntarily, his eyes darted down to the body that lay in front of him. The empty shell that used to be Castiel.
“Well, yeah,” Dean responded, taken aback, “We got back safe, the bad guy’s dead … that’s a win in my book.”
“It’s ok, Mom,” Sam said, almost instinctually, “we get it.” And he did. He had always been the one in the family to take the brunt of the emotional baggage. He hadn’t really expected that to change when Mary arrived.
“Yes, dumbass. We.” Dean answered, his tone said Castiel was an idiot to have asked that. And yet … despite the condescending tone Castiel felt something like a warm glow inside himself. “You, me, and Sam, we’re just better together,” Dean said, standing, his voice becoming more sincere, less laced with frustration. “So now that you’re back, let’s go, Team Free Will,” Cas felt himself nodding slightly at the reference to years before. Days spent in Bobby’s cabin, preparing to stop the apocalypse. It was fitting, with the next apocalypse on the horizon. And reassuring, as though nothing had really changed. It was the three of them up against the world, “Let’s get it done.”
“No! God, no, Cas I –” Dean exclaimed, reaching forward as if to grab Cas’s hand, “of course I wanted you back!” He hated the pleading tone that crept into his voice, but he couldn’t do anything to stop it. “I didn’t know what to do. I knew – I knew that Chuck had brought you back before, so I prayed. I prayed for the first time in I don’t know how long but – he’s gone. And you were gone. And, I – I –” he swallowed hard, fighting the trembling in his voice.
“Yeah, we’ll find him,” Dean found himself saying, “we will.” He wanted to say more. He wanted to tell Cas that he would never let anyone hurt him again. A part of him said that that was ridiculous – Cas was an angel, even when he was weak, he was stronger and more powerful than Dean – but that didn’t seem to matter. Sure, he was an angel, but he was
“Oh, I was just, telling mom here some stories about our grand adventures,” Dean said smoothly. A moment past, then he stood abruptly, “anyway, I should go … shower.” And with that, he was gone.
that wasn’t the case. He could feel it, like the balance of the world had somehow been made right. Cas was alive.
Mary nodded in understanding, and turned back to the computer, obviously trying to hide how amazed and confused she was by the way technology had advanced since her death. “So,” she said, steering the conversation back on track, “what does all this tell us about Dean?”
Mary took a moment to compose herself, and Sam tried to understand the twisted-up emotions he was feeling. He loved his mom. That was a decision. He had decided to love her, to trust her, when she’d picked the Men of Letters. Despite how badly that had gone, he wanted to keep choosing her. The way he’d chosen Dean over and over and over again. But building a relationship with a 33 year gap – that was going to take time.
“In my experience,” Sam said, “Dean has … his own way of saying it back.” Sam had learned long ago not to expect too many words of affection from his brother, but that didn’t mean that he didn’t show it in different ways.
Dean sat up straighter, pulling his hand back, making an effort to be nonchalant. “Yeah, it’s – it’s crazy. We never get a win like this.”
“I mean …” Cas heaved a tired sigh, “In Enochian, we have 8 different types of gendered pronouns, and even those don’t always fit all of us.” Sam set aside his journal, leaning forward intently as he listened. “When we speak English,” Cas continued, “we try to pick one of the two genders available that best fits, but it’s not entirely accurate. Some angels will have a preference, choosing mostly male vessels, or mostly female vessels, but at the end of the day, we are neither men nor women. We are angels.”
“Huh … interesting…” that gave Dean a lot to think about. Because … Anael was hot. Or, her vessel was hot. Not that he would ever do anything about that, he wasn’t crazy, but it was the truth.  But technically she wasn’t a woman … so was finding her attractive the same as being attracted to someone who was … not a woman? Because if Anael wasn’t really a woman, that meant Anna hadn’t been either. Although her vessel certainly had been. Did that even matter, separating the angel from the vessel? And if all angels were neither men nor women, what was the difference between him kissing one like Anna versus, for instance – “So,” he said, trying to keep a rein on his train of thought, "what about you? What … are you?”
The Winchesters finished cleaning up the bunker, although Sam thought it would still smell like blood for days. All three of them sat down, cracking open some well-earned beer.
“I’m leaving tomorrow,” Castiel said, breaking into Dean’s train of thought, “I think I have on lead on Kelly.”
Dean met Castiel’s eyes, daring him to pretend that Dean hadn’t already done countless unspeakable things. But after a moment, Dean looked away. He knew Castiel was right. No matter how much they believed it to be necessary, he and Sam would not be able to kill Kelly. He didn’t want to be the kind of person who could. Never again. “We will find a better way,” he said in an almost resigned tone.
Sam nodded empathetically. Slow but inevitable was the worst kind of death in his opinion. But at least it had given Castiel the opportunity to say some last words, although thankfully they hadn’t ended up being his last. “Thanks, for what you said, by the way,” Sam said, “I know maybe I wasn’t the … main audience but – well it meant a lot.”
Dreaming … such an odd sensation. He remembered it from when he’d been human. However, he knew that what had happened to him was no dream. He had died, stabbed by Lucifer. That had really happened. But somehow, against all odds, he was back on earth.
Silence. And then, “I don’t know, Dean,” Cas said, “I’m … I’m trying to stay focused. We need to find Jack. That’s what matters. That’s all that matters.”
He really did? Well, alright, then she was going to lay it out for him exactly as she had seen it. Maybe it was presumptuous of her to think she knew his emotions better than he did after only a few days of knowing him, but what was it they said about a mother’s intuition? “Well, alright. First, when I first met him. You guys hugged, he seemed
“It’s uh … something Cas said. God, years ago. But it stuck with me, I don’t know why,” he shook his head. “But the tricky thing is, I don’t think either of them are willing, or maybe even able, to admit it. See Cas is an angel, and as human as he acts sometimes, there’s a lot he still doesn’t understand about being human, about emotions and everything. And Dean … well he’s wrapped himself in so many protective layers of toxic masculinity that sometimes I’m not sure when it’s him talking and when it’s just a defense mechanism.”
“Yes, I know,” Cas said, looking over at Dean, “I was just … contemplating the value of something that fails to perform it’s intended task. What function does this telescope serve, if we can’t see the stars through it?”
The tears started to fall, and they were hot, angry tears. Angry at Cas, angry at himself, angry at Chuck for ever letting any of this happen. “Why did he do it?” he asked, unsure what exactly he was referring to. Not answering his phone? Lying to them? Running off with Kelly? Charging against Lucifer, knowing he would lose? “Why does he always have to be so goddamn stupid?” Dean asked, his voice small, “why couldn’t he – why didn’t we just –”
“Yes, dumbass. We.” Dean answered with no hesitation. How could Castiel doubt that? “You, me, and Sam, we’re just better together,” he said, standing. “So now that you’re back, let’s go, Team Free Will,” though they hadn’t used that name in years it was still who they were. Fighting against what the powers that be said was right and using their own agency and moral compasses to let everyone have a fair shot. They were going to save Kelly and this baby and help them live normal lives, away from the conniving plots of angels and demons. But Team Free Will wasn’t complete without Castiel.  “Let’s get it done.”
They take a couple more photos after that one. Dean encourages Cas to make funny faces on some of them, and they turn to be really great photos. Dean adores every single photo, and so does Cas.
Dean spends whole days in Cas’ bedroom, sitting on a chair, next to his bed, with one of Castiel’s hands in between his, holding it. He only leaves that bedroom to go to the bathroom. He doesn’t even sleep in his own bedroom, he falls asleep in that chair, not caring about how his whole body hurts and misses a proper bed. He is hoping that Cas will wake him up to let him know that he is awake and getting better, but that never happens. And Dean is starting to fear that it will never happen. Waiting is the worst. What if Cas never wakes up again? No. Dean can’t think about that. He would rather tear his own skin apart than get used to the idea of Cas dying.
Dean nods. Suddenly, his mobile beeps and he grabs it; he has a text message from Cas. When he opens it, he can’t help a smile. Cas sent him two pictures; the first one shows some ravioli with tomato sauce and the other one shows said pasta but he can also see the kitchen. After those photos, Cas wrote,
Castiel pulls out of Dean and he kisses him sweetly, he takes a deep breath. “You leave me exhausted.”
Dean smirks and blushes. The lift’s doors open and they step inside. “Didn’t I tell you not to praise me yesterday?”
Dean rolled his eyes and chuckled. “You’re a sap, Cas.” He leaned and kissed him. When he pulled away, he placed his elbow onto the pillow and rested his cheek on his hand, looking at Castiel as his free hand caressed Castiel’s hip. “Tomorrow’s gonna be an important and long day. Are you ready for that?”
“I will, don’t worry.” Sam takes a deep breath. “Okay, Eileen is going to text you all the ingredients you’re going to need. Most of them are in the Impala. But you also need to get some lavender and some soil from the witch’s house.”
“Then, why are you there?” His voice breaks a little and Dean hates it. He can’t get sappy; he isn’t like that. He is too tired with all of this shit and complicated feelings.
“But I know what you and Sam have told me about him. And the only thing you and your father have in common is the Impala.”
“Are you sure you don’t want me to ride you to your place?” Dean asks as he stands up from the couch, only to rest himself on the back of it, watching how Castiel walks towards him. He doesn’t want Cas to leave.
“Hey, Charlie,” Dean greets as he hugs her tightly. She has been gone for a bit less than a month, but Dean has missed her so much. “It’s good to have you back.”
His legs give up and Dean kneels on the grass, crying and sobbing, feeling lost, shattered and hopeless. He presses his forehead against the ground and his hands grip some grass. His body starts to tremble again.
Getting back to work wasn’t any hard at all. He would have liked to have more holidays, of course, but he always does. And he was really glad to see his friends again and Sam and Jess after their trip to Paris. The whole gang has already met two nights to talk about their holidays and spend some time together. And as always, it was awesome.
“You sure this’ll work?” Dean asks. They have barely discussed their plan because they don’t want to risk Michael hearing them. They know he will betray them, so they know they can’t talk about their plan explicitly.
Dean looks at Cas; he is wearing a blue grayish shirt, a black blazer and jeans, along with his trench coat. He looks like he was going on a date. Dean arches an eyebrow and Castiel blushes.
His eyes focus on his strong arms, the tanned and beautiful skin of it and he wants to feel the curves and the shapes of those arms as much as he wants Cas’ arms to hold him. Dean wants to trace every inch of Cas’ body, to feel his heat on his skin as his hands trace down that long body. And he wants to feel those lips on his, until both of them are craving for air and left with swollen lips.
The ovinnik turns around, noticing Cas and it grabs him by the neck, pressing him against the wall, lifting him without any effort at all. Castiel tries to free himself from its tight grip, but it is useless. He tries to kick him and punch him, but the ovinnik, once again, is unaffected.
“Shut up,” he says blushing. He looks at Dean’s eyes, all filled with warmth and love and Castiel can’t help thinking about Sam’s words. “You are an assbutt.”
“I hate it when you feel like that, Dean,” Cas says. “Whatever those thoughts are telling you, they aren’t true.”
When Castiel turns his face to look at him, there’s softness and appreciation in his eyes, but there’s still sadness. “It’s just that I’m tired of this film. As soon as we finish filming, I’ll be okay, don’t worry.”
Dean parks outside. He sees Jack struggling to walk, so he gets to him and holds his shoulders, helping him to walk.
“I should take a shower,” Castiel announced. He needed some alone time to think, and probably the shower would give him that.
Almost immediately, Dean starts to ride Castiel, pushing the cock in and out of him, rocking his hips just the way he knows it makes Cas’ whole body to tremble and his back to arch.
Castiel works his tongue in Dean, slowly opening him up, hearing all those wonderful sounds Dean makes because of him. He soon joins one finger, loosening the tightness a little bit more, still rimming him enthusiastically. He adds another finger and removes his tongue, finding Dean with a blissed face. He keeps fingering Dean until he has four fingers and Dean is completely loosened up. He pulls his fingers out and Dean grunts unpleased, which makes Castiel smile, because he hates it too when Dean leaves him empty.
“No. Insomnia.” He moves his legs until he can bend them and press them against his chest. He rest his chin on his knees after that.
There is a table and a chair next to the window and Castiel decides to sit on it to watch how it rains. He loves the rain. He loves its sound. The only thing missing is a book. He should have grabbed a few books before he left the bunker.
Castiel places his palm against Dean’s, and when he stands up, they hold hands while they walk the small distance that separates them from the dance floor. With slightly trembling hands, Dean places his hands on Castiel’s waist while Castiel places his on Dean’s shoulders before they start swinging.
Cas’ eyes go directly to the other bandage; it is partially hidden under Dean’s underwear except on the hip. Cas’ hands go to his boxers and he takes them off slowly. The hunter lifts his hips, helping him to take them off completely. It has been a while since he was completely naked on their bed.
“Eat me out while you stroke me,” he finally says, rolling his hips, desperately looking for friction.
He crosses the street and gets into the tattoo studio, where a woman with green hair looks up from her book and gives Dean a half smile.
Dean sighs and feels some blush coming to his cheeks. He hates having to admit the truth, but they have lied to each other too many times, and some truth could do them so good, so Dean answers, honestly, “I don’t want you to get hurt again or— or something worse.”
“Yeah,” Dean explains as he starts approaching Cas, who looks even better up close. “Garth called, he needs our help with a relative of his. Me and Sammy are heading to his house in a couple of minutes.”
It is a question Dean has wanted to ask for a while. Cas left after Jack showed him something. Something that made Cas believe that Jack should be born and made him fight for it, to the point that he left Sam and Dean and didn’t let them know where he was or what he was doing.
Sam just chuckles and he and Charlie step out of the kitchen, but Cas stays. “Can I stay here, Dean?” Castiel asks approaching Dean, who arches his eyebrow in question. “I want to see how a Christmas dinner is done.”
“And you think that hate and anger, that's— That's what drives you, that's who you are. It's not. And everyone who knows you sees it,” Cas says, meaning every single word. There are tears in his eyes, exacerbating all the emotions in his beautiful blue eyes.
“I like to think so.” His life wasn’t as terrible as Dean, but he wasn’t free. He always dreamt with being the owner of his own life and with Dean having the life he truly deserved. “To be honest, part of my life has improved because I met you. So that’s a thing.”
“How dare you, Castiel,” his Father said, putting hate in every word he said. He pulled away from Dean and with his hand he indicated two of his men to hold Dean while he walked towards Castiel. “Do you really think you are in position of negotiating this?”
“Eh?” Dean asks confused. Charlie and Sam are looking at him, but Cas’ eyes are on the TV. “Yeah, yeah.” He says walking towards the couch, sitting on the free spot, next to Cas.
Dean smiles. “Yeah.” Then, he notices a grey hair on Castiel, and Dean grins. “Looks I’m not the only one getting gray hair.” He points where it is and Castiel looks at his reflection as well, smiling and something in Dean’s chest flutters. “You’re getting old with me.” His voice comes a bit shakier than he wanted to, which makes Castiel look at him in concern. Dean chuckles. “I just love that.”
Dean opens his green eyes to see that Cas has that look, that one that makes Dean’s heart warm and skip a beat. Cas looks at him as if he’s the most extraordinary being in the whole universe and with Cas looking at him like that, he remembers all the things Charlie and Sam said about Cas being obviously in love with him. It can’t be like that. They are lying. Cas isn’t in love with him. But that sight— No, he is only seeing things in the heat of sex.
When Dean stands next to her, he makes sure that he kicks her calf softly, but warning her. “It’s nice to see you again, Cas.” His eyes go directly to Castiel’s blue ones and both of them smile.
Sam chuckles and arches his eyebrows in disbelief. “He loves you, Dean. Have you actually seen the way he looks at you?” At that Dean is about to give Sam an answer, but Sam keeps talking, “I mean when you two aren’t looking at each other, which I must say, that should be a pretty obvious hint to know that he loves you.” Those words make Dean blush quickly, the flush spreading to his ears, warmth getting intense. “When you aren’t looking at him, he looks at you as if you were the whole universe and you placed the stars in the sky.”
Kevin works in the bookstore to help him pay for college. He has scholarships, but he needs extra money for other stuff. Dean offered him the job and Kevin accepted. Dean adores Kevin too; he is as geeky as Sam, which is why those two get along very well, but he’s also a really nice kid.
They find a motel that has a room for three people. When they make it to the room, they find two beds; one is a queen size bed and the other is a twin.
There are so many things Dean wants to do, but both of them are eager and hungry. They have been waiting so long to do this, and he knows they aren’t going to last long. He doesn’t care. Whatever he and Cas do tonight, is going to feel awesome. It is already awesome and they are only kissing and doing some frottage.
“I’m going to leave my vessel before morning,” Castiel noted, gracefully changing the subject. “Would you like to be in the room while it happens?”
“Still me,” Dean said, shaking his head. He could finally look at Sam directly without feeling like his face was melting. He sighed.
in the morning silence. The door was slightly ajar, so he pushed through to see the TV on and Dean sitting on the couch. Sam could have sworn that he recognized the show, from some article or meme that he saw online. Finally it clicked.
Castiel did. He picked up the walkman from where he set it on the counter. “What button should I press?”
Maybe Dean shouldn’t have been so adamant about taking a case while Castiel and him were shacking up.
Dean let out a humorless laugh as he rubbed his thumb on the steering wheel nervously. “Listen, man,” he said, his voice an olive branch. “I could learn how to say it in Enochian if English ain’t enough.”
Dean pulled the chair up to the same position, mind only spinning a little bit from seeing two Castiels in the same room.
The mirror didn’t change. Dean wondered if maybe he imagined the entire possession. He clicked his tongue and turned away from the mirror, but jolted when he saw Castiel standing next to him.
“The mission I used her for ended and I returned to the celestial plane.” Castiel continued to avoid Dean’s eyes. “Her heaven is beautiful. She spends her time in an eternal Saturday sunset on a picnic with her soulmate.” Castiel finally looked at him. “Dorothy.”
“I’m going to grab a beer, want one?” Dean called over his shoulder as he headed towards the kitchen.
“Besides,” Dean started, trying to distract from the building burning in his cheeks. “It’s a win-win. You get a vacation in
The wind picked up as Dean walked closer to the barn’s doors. The roof started to stutter and creak. The doors began to shake.
Dean scoffed. “What, me worry?” He sighed and grabbed his keys from where they were sitting on the nightstand. “Let’s get back to the bunker before you do anything crazy.”
Castiel moved his gaze in Dean’s direction, not quite looking directly at him yet. He couldn’t disagree. “Your history with Michael—”
“Perfect,” Rowena said as she retied the string, nonplussed by Castiel’s behavior. She passed the completed hex bag to Castiel. “This will keep the lights on while you’re not home. Keep it in one of your pockets until you return.”
Dean jolted when he saw his reflection move without him in the mirror. He furrowed his brows and looked pointedly down at the faucet.
“Huh.” Sam leaned back in his chair for a moment. “So will you just” —he waved his hand through the air nervously— “float around all day?”
Sam looked different. It looked like someone had taken a long exposure photograph of him while he was moving. There was a glow to his body that made it look like he was radioactive. It made Dean feel like he was burning. He screwed his eyes shut.
“This will help keep your vessel in working shape while you’re away,” she said, presenting the hex bag to Castiel. “I just need a drop of dear Mr. Novak’s blood.”
Castiel gave him a thumbs up back. “I’ll just… um…” He looked around for a place to be while Dean undressed. He pulled the headphones off for a second. “Where should I go?”
“Dean,” Castiel said, stopping him in his tracks with just a word. He turned back to Rowena. “Explain. Please.”
Dean chuckled to cover his blooming blush. He relaxed back into his chair. “I’m just glad we corrupted an angel.”
“Pretend I’m here physically,” Castiel said, not mentioning the jedi mind tricks he was no-doubt pulling. “Show me how to use the walkman.”
Something clicked in Dean’s mind. “Wait, was that…” Dean bit his tongue. He hesitated before speaking again, pointedly not looking Castiel in the face. “Were you embarrassed earlier?”
The bunker door slammed loud enough to ring through the halls. Dean gave a holler to Sam anyway, in case he didn’t hear him and Castiel come in.
“Nothing major.” Dean kept expecting to see Castiel’s blue eyes when their gazes linked. Something about making eye contact with himself felt weird. “You were created to house the most powerful archangel in heaven, so there’s no chance of unintentional damage to your body on my behalf.”
Sam looked confused for a second before realization dawned on him. “Cas took over for a few minutes. He told me that everything is going according to plan. It will take a few hours for you to get ‘attuned’ enough to communicate. Whatever that means.”
“It’s time for me to return to my rightful vessel,” Castiel said, sitting in the chair across from Dean that was empty a moment before.
Dean cut him off. “Okay, we’re not going to talk about genitalia. New rule.” Dean worked furiously to think of a way to change the subject. Finally, “Why don’t I feel any different?”
“No. Well, it would be helpful since you’re already here.” Sam looked up at Dean hopefully but shook his head when he saw the look on Dean’s face. “But no. Definitely not.”
Dean woke up and headed to the bathroom on autopilot, his bladder sending alarm bells to his brain. He went through the motions as usual, yawning and scratching his tummy as he relieved himself. When he looked down to make sure that the tank was empty, he felt a wave of embarrassment wash over him. His eyebrows pulled together and he touched his cheeks with a free hand. There was no reason why he should be blushing as he takes a whizz. He would have to do some googling later. He filed the feeling away in his mind, and the embarrassment passed as he put himself away and moved to the sink to wash his hands.
Castiel furrowed his brows. Finally, he answered, “No. It would be less invasive than sleepwalking.”
The water was running. Moment of truth. Dean took a deep breath and pulled his briefs off. He didn’t dare to look at Castiel in this state. He had to bite back a hysterical laugh from the absurdity of it all.
“You’ve got nothing to worry about, man.” Dean tried to backtrack. “Chicks dig the whole dorky, just rolled out of bed look.”
“I’m not going to church anytime soon, if that’s what you’re thinking.” Dean paused. “Are you asking to research me?”
“Of course, Dean.” Castiel leaned imperceptibly closer to him. “I would never strip you of your autonomy.”
He had almost forgotten what had happened the night before in his post-hunt adrenaline crash. The reflection, which must be Castiel, had better posture than he’d ever had in his life. It looked like he’d gained an inch in height.
Right, he needed to turn the water on first. He had to awkwardly bend around Castiel’s knees to reach the faucet handle, but thankfully Castiel ignored the movement. He could almost feel the warmth of Castiel’s imaginary body heat on his torso. He adamantly ignored it, for Little Dean’s sake.
Castiel was cut off by Dean re-entering the room, holding three beers. “Brewski time!” he called, waggling the beers with one hand. He put a beer in front of Sam and Castiel, then took one of the open seats at the table and took a swig from his own bottle.
Dean carried the chair to the side of the bed and sat in it. It was strange to see Castiel laying down. The only other times that Dean had seen him in this position, he was bloodied from a fight. Castiel moved his arms to lie down completely, turning his head on the pillow to look at Dean.
“I’ll just do it the old-fashioned way.” Dean scooted around Sam and made his way to exit the room. “Kids these days, always looking for the easy way out.”
“What did she do to me?” Castiel’s eyes calmly tracked Dean for a moment before they flicked to meet Rowena’s gaze.
It was easy to feel regret now, as he was being held against the back of a gravestone psychically by his neck. But hey, pobody’s nerfect. Maybe it was Sam’s fault for agreeing to come with him.
“So what’re we doing right now?” Dean couldn’t help but circle around Castiel slightly, echoing his footsteps from years ago.
“I don’t see why you couldn’t take over while I’m getting my few hours,” Dean said carefully, looking back at Castiel. “If I can’t tell the difference.”
“The damage so far is minimal.” Castiel shrugged. “I hardly noticed until Rowena brought it up. She said that the rate at which the spell devours my grace would increase unless I left my vessel.”
Castiel blinked into existence again when he opened the door to his room. Dean turned on the light (thanking Sam for replacing the lightbulbs) to see him staring at his prone body from where he was standing at the foot of the bed.
“Here, put these over your ears.” Dean grabbed the headphones on instinct. They felt solid in his hands. The feeling stopped him in his tracks. “I can touch this?”
“Yes.” Castiel turned his attention back to the show. “Claire recommended this show to me. She said that I would find it funny. I’m not sure I understand the joke.”
Dean felt a blush begin to rise in his cheeks and pointedly ignored Sam’s gaze. “That must have been Cas.”
“Are you okay? Your eyes were...” Sam peeked around Dean to see Castiel’s empty vessel laying on the bed. “Is he…?”
As Dean was rustling through his pockets to pass Castiel his knife, Castiel just bit the tip of his index finger with his front teeth. He held the finger over the bag as the blood welled up and finally dripped down. When the droplet of blood hit the bag, a barely-visible puff of blue smoke was created. Castiel ran his thumb over his index finger, healing the small nip.
“It should be all rewinded and everything. Just press the play button.” After a moment, Dean added, “It’s the triangle.”
Without thinking, Dean wove his fingers together on his lap and lowered his head. He sat in relative silence, mouthing something inaudible under his breath.
Castiel furrowed his brows as he watched Dean’s hand touch his thigh. Dean moved his hand back to its neutral position once he noticed Castiel looking. He felt a blush begin to heat his face without understanding why.
Dean hummed an affirmation. He tried to think of something that Castiel would like. He closed his eyes shut and imagined Castiel holding it.
“So yes. Of course, yes.” Dean let go of Castiel’s now-crumpled trench coat, leaving his hands to slip and rest flat on Castiel’s chest. “Yes back then, yes today, yes tomorrow. Yes to you every day until I’m dead in the ground. Yes to every day after that.”
“Damnit Cas, I told you to let me stay behind the wheel.” Dean said with very little heat behind his words.
Castiel placed a hand on Dean’s shoulder, standing behind him. “I will take care of it. Close your eyes.”
“Yeah, I don’t think anyone does.” Sam chuckled breathlessly. “Does Dean know you’re making his eyes watch this?”
“No, not the digging.” Dean’s thumb rubbed against the rough wood of the table. He lowered his gaze slightly, too embarrassed to say it while looking at Castiel. “Do I feel any different than Jimmy?”
It wasn’t like the demon possessions he had seen, where the victim screamed as the demon’s black cloud rushed into their mouth. Castiel closed his eyes and exhaled slowly. A small, wavering tendril of bright smoke seeped out of his mouth.
“Y’think?” Dean gritted out his words through clenched teeth. He made a snap decision. “Cas, take the wheel!”
“I can remain completely dormant if you’d prefer.” Castiel kept Dean’s body still as he spoke, save for the slight tilt of his head. “I do not wish to make you uncomfortable.”
“You,” Castiel said in a low voice. “This body is no closer to what I look like than yours is. I’m not a man with dark hair and blue eyes. I’m not a man at all. Angels’ true forms are their most personal expressions of the self. You deserve to see it.” Castiel’s voice was soft, so soft. He was nearly whispering when he spoke again, his eyes burning into Dean’s. “I wish that you could see who I truly am.”
Castiel appeared, sitting on the side of Dean’s bed. He turned his head to look down at him. “Hello, Dean.”
Dean felt the fizzy numbness of his body recede even further. His body felt almost normal. His eyes opened hesitantly.
“I’ll do an examination of the vessel before I return.” Castiel watched Dean wipe the milk off his lip. “But I believe so.”
“Lovely,” she said, making it clear that she thought that it was anything but. “She must have been a powerful one then, if the spell is surviving past her.”
“However you want, bud.” Dean flexed his jaw and swallowed. “It’s up to you, I won’t be coming in here until the spell times out.”
“I’m serious.” Castiel’s voice compelled Dean to look him in the eyes. “I would not think any less of you for changing your mind in the eleventh hour.”
“Yeah, give me a second!” Dean responded, traversing through the bedroom in the relative darkness. His adrenaline was still pumping, leaving him feeling tight and thready. He finally made it to the door and opened it for Sam.
“I’m sure you two can handle it,” Sam said, taking a sip from his beer. “I’ll be down the hall if you need anything.”
Sam walked into the room from the direction of his bedroom. “What the hell, Dean?” he said. “You can’t just text me, ‘Cas got witched. Be back before midnight.’ and then not respond.”
“Shit!” Dean yelped. The lightbulbs in the room popped in a sharp shatter of glass. He flinched at the noise.
The reversal process was the same level of strange. It felt like someone was painlessly turning him inside-out. He could still feel the static over his lips as the white light trickled out of his mouth. He felt Castiel’s grace rubbing against the inside of his skin as it retreated up his body. Dean was glad he was sitting down, because his knees felt like they were made of Jell-O.
“You’re not Michael.” Dean shook his head lightly, turning back to the road. “Come on, Cas. If everyone was the same as their older brothers, Sam would be blacklisted from about twenty more bars than he already is.”
Dean just looked at Castiel for a few seconds. This was so weird. He trusted that Castiel wouldn’t try to spy on him, but he was still sitting less than a foot away. He hesitantly took his shirt off. Castiel didn’t react. Socks were next. Pants followed soon after.
Instead of the half-made peanut butter and jelly sandwich that Dean was making, there was now a plate of two completed sandwiches (cut into triangles) and an opened bottle of one of Dean’s favorite beers, fresh from the fridge. Dean’s stomach growled.
“Just don’t do anything weird.” Dean relaxed back into laying down on the bed. “Take care of my body.”
Castiel disappeared after that, leaving Dean to walk to his room alone. He knocked on Sam’s door as he walked by it.
“Eyes had a spiritual significance for the Celtics. Maybe he is using them for something.” He steals a quick glance to the owner of the bar and then he looks at Dean. “He is not a Celtic god.”
“I’m trying,” Dean answers as he rolls onto his side, watching how Cas walks towards the bed. “But falling asleep is fucking hard. Especially when you’re beaten.”
“You are the author of those flyers?” Castiel asked perplexed. Dean nodded. “They don’t look like yours.”
“Dean, it’s the same mattress we had in the bunker. You didn’t want to leave it behind,” Castiel deadpans.
Dean rings the doorbell and he waits for the door to open. Cas is wearing a worn garnet t-shirt and black sweatpants. His hair is more messy and chaotic than usual and Dean must admit that he finds Cas cute like that.
“Stow it, Cas. You're coming. That's final,” Dean interrupts. Ever since the two of them arrived to Purgatory, Dean knew that he and Cas had to leave together. Not once did he ever think otherwise. They arrived together and they will leave together. That’s it.
“Isn’t this considered exhibitionism?” Castiel asks, pulling away from Dean’s lips an inch, arching his eyebrow.
Before Dean can blush or say anything, Castiel kisses him, cupping his face, holding him as if he was someone important. Cas has that power; he makes people feel as if they were special and important even when they aren’t.
They got out of bed and walked towards the bathroom, holding hands as they walked. They got the bath ready together and they got inside the bath together, kissing and caressing each other for a while before they washed each other. They did that every morning and they both loved it. It was a great way to start the day.
The first thing Castiel did the night of the day when Meg left, was to get on his horse and ride towards Dean’s house. It reminded him of when he went back to Esomal in April and he had to wait until his parents left to leave his bedroom and meet Dean in the woods.
Cas smiles, in that way that he only does for Dean, the one that makes Dean fall even harder for Cas, and then, he caresses Dean’s cheek, brushing the path of freckles. Dean leans onto the touch and smiles, giving Cas a look of love.
“Hell, no,” Dean says, chuckling. “We aren’t leaving this bed ‘til midday at least. Then, we can go back to the house to keep working on something. But after all the work we did today, we deserve a rest, don’t you think?”
Dean makes a disgusted face. His brother gets too sappy sometimes. “Whatever Sammy.” He mutters. Sam is about to say something, but Dean interrupts him. “Enough with the chick-flick.”
What is his doing? Feeling sorrow about Cas isn’t going to do any good; it never did. He is still in love with Cas, but Cas isn’t in love with him and he will never be; Dean is well aware of that. He can feel like shit as long as he wants to, but in the end, it isn’t going to do him any good at all, it isn’t going to change anything. He has to try harder and suppress all those feelings, all those memories and all those thoughts. He can’t live in the past. Dean and Cas are working on this friendship and if Dean keeps only thinking about how much he wants to be with Cas again and how much he loves him, things are going to fall apart and they will be destroyed.
Castiel laughs and he sees that beautiful grin of Dean. “That will work,” he agrees after his laughing has calmed down. Then, he stands up and grabs his plate and his glass and he walks towards the kitchen, to place them in the sink; followed by Dean. Castiel doesn’t know how, but he trips over before he arrives to the sink. The dish falls into it, surprisingly without breaking, but the glass breaks and Castiel’s hand ends up on those broken pieces, which get stuck in his hand painfully.
When Castiel opens his eyes, he notices Dean’s eyes on him, and Dean blushes, but he doesn’t look away immediately. They hold their gazes for a moment as they walk, until Dean finally breaks their eye contact, afraid of getting even more lost in those blue eyes, afraid of being able to reveal the secrets in his heart.
“Because you’ve become someone very important to me. It sounds weird, knowing this agreement we have, but— you are important to me, Cas.” Dean confesses.
The movie keeps playing and Forrest is now with Dan and fishing shrimps. It doesn’t take too long until they arrive to the part where Forrest’s mother dies. Castiel feels his eyes getting a bit glassy, but he doesn’t let any tear out.
Castiel nods. Dean stands up and so does Castiel, who walks towards the record player to pick up the record. Maybe Castiel is in a better mood and Dean managed to make him forget, but not completely. Dean can see that Cas tonight isn’t as full of energy, desire and lust as always. But at least he looks much better than when Dean saw him behind the main door.
“Sorry.” Thankfully, he is driving slower than usually. He is a bit tired and he also wants to dilate his time with Cas. “You’re gonna end up liking rock as much as I do for what I’m seeing.”
Dean laughs and reaches Cas’ lips to kiss him sweetly. Cas knows him so well; he always knows when Dean needs humor to ease things up. It’s surprising how well Cas knows Dean. “I love you so fucking much.”
“Yeah, she’s awesome,” Dean admits with that happy and proud smile. “Though she likes to steal the things I cook.”
“I know that face,” Dean says, almost whispering. “You’re about to tell me something sappy, aren’t you?”
Dean glared him. “Hey, you were discreet, you barely made public appearances, and no offence, Cas, but as a Prince, you aren’t valuable for the rebels. Only politicians and the King are the rebel’s interests.” He gave him a grimace and Castiel pressed his lips into a thin line, hiding his smile. “Besides, I never told anyone about us, only Sam, and he only knew you as Cas. And also, I’ve told you that I work more in the shadow with the rebels. There are public faces like Charlie, and then there are people like me or Dorothy who aren’t public faces of the rebellion.”
Dean remains still, unsure of what to do. He doesn’t have time to make a choice because Cas stirs in his sleep and opens his eyes, finally aware of their closeness. Immediately, he pulls away and Dean tries so hard to not let his hurt show in his face.
Castiel smiles. “I love you too.” He kisses Dean sweetly. He makes a happy sigh when their lips part. His eyes catch Dean’s hand, which is still caressing Castiel’s black feather and he smiles.
“I’m looking for someone,” Dean says as he fishes his phone, looking for a photo of Cas. “He might be staying in here.”
Ishim asks the other angel, Mirabel, to check outside to see if they have been followed. When she exits, Ishim keeps just adding sugar to his coffee, but doesn’t say a single word.
Castiel pulled him into his arms and kissed his hairline. Dean didn’t resist him. “We will be okay, Dean. We only need to be patient,” he whispered into his hair.
Dean chuckles; it is true. He looks at the pie, seeing that in five minutes it will be done. As he promised Cas, he is baking him a pie to thank him for taking care of him while his back was burnt.
Bobby takes a careful look, searching for any lies in Dean’s words and behavior, but Dean knows that he isn’t lying. He is okay. He could be better, he has been better, but he is feeling much better than a few months ago. He is okay, all things considered.
Castiel scowls at him. “After what we have been through with this witch, I am quite sure that all that gold holds a terrible curse.”
Castiel rolls to his other side and guides Dean’s arms to hold him as he snuggles against him, pressing his back against his chest. Dean immediately holds Cas, little spooning him and drawing him closer. Cas places his hands on top on Dean’s, sighing happily as Dean gets his leg on top of Castiel’s. The green eyed man kisses Castiel’s hair and nuzzles it.
“That’s what the pink liquid was for?” Castiel asks, making an amused smile at the foam and at the bubbles. Dean nods and hums in affirmation. “I love it,” he says, kissing Dean’s cheek.
Cas looks at him with anger. “Oh, no. No, please don’t compare this with your suicidal plan. Just stop.”
“Thanks, Cas,” Dean says with another big smile. “Aren’t you gonna go after some silver and holly water too?” He asks with a wicked grin before taking a sip of his coffee.
But at least things for him are getting better and his heart is putting itself back together. Finally.
I'm so sorry for the long waiting, but finally. All of you have been so lovely and patience and I'm so grateful about it.
When they stop kissing, they look at each other’s eyes, both of them smiling happily. Dean starts to push into the heat and tightness of Cas, feeling how the ex-angel adjusts around him. It doesn’t take him too long to be fully settled in and Cas immediately spreads his fingers on his freckled back, pressing their bodies impossibly closer.
They say goodbye to each other and put their coats on. Before Dean and Cas leave, Sam and Jess tell Cas that it was a pleasure to meet him and that he is welcomed to come by whenever he wants and to another friend meeting like this. Cas smiles pleased.
Dean won’t be making supper until a few hours later, but his stomach is growling already, so he will eat a slice of the pecan pie he baked the other day in order to hold until dinner.
Dean quickly makes it to the front door. For a second he hesitates, feeling nervous, but he then opens the door, ready to welcome Cas and kiss him, and tell him that he loves him, and heal him.
Castiel walks out from that door. Dean has lost count how many times he has seen the blue eyed man leaving his bookstore. He wonders how many more times he will see him leave the store to come back again another day. And he wonders when he will see Cas leaving the bookstore for the last time and never come back.
“Yeah, I love you Cas.” His affirmation came out as honest and truthful as possible and Dean made a tiny but warm smile. “Of course that I love you.”
“I believe those things are a manifestation of our fears,” Castiel supplies. “As for where we are, I am not sure.”
He looks at him in a soft way, the way Dean has never thought he deserves to be looked by anyone, and much less by an angel of the Lord, but it makes him feel worthy of something. It is the kind of look that makes Dean wonder if Cas feels something about him. Because there is so much care in those eyes and in the way he says Dean’s name, like something soft and holy.
“Sometimes,” Dean answers, moving the glass in his hand so the liquid can swirl. “It also depends on how much you drink.”
He doesn’t bother knocking on the door. He hasn’t even cared about closing the door. Cas looks angry and hurt. His fits are clenched and so is his jaw. His whole body looks almost ready for a fight. Dean had noticed that Cas was unusually quiet while they were having supper, but he wasn’t expecting Cas to snap like this.
Castiel kisses Dean fiercely and needy, arousing filling the kiss, hands everywhere tracing up and down Dean’s body. Dean never realizes how much he has missed this during the week. He knows he misses it, but once Castiel starts to touch him like this, to kiss him with this anticipation, this eager, this need, Dean realizes that he missed this too fucking much.
They rock their hips with the same rhythm; Dean increases the speed and touches that wonderful spot that makes Cas almost jump out of their bed and he clenches around Dean so tight that it makes the hunter’s knees go weak.
After he parks the Impala, Dean gets out of the car and sits on its hood, letting the soft sunrays brush his face, warming it softly. He smiles at the feeling.
They start doing all of that, and by the time Nora comes back, Tanya’s fever is gone, Cas’ palm is more or less cleaned, (although it still needs to be bandaged), there is no body, and the house is extremely clean. Nora looks puzzled at Dean’s presence, but Dean explains that Cas panicked when Tanya started having a fever and he offered to come and help him. His answer earns him a sweet and appreciative smile from her.
Dean smirks and he turns his face to press his forehead on Cas’ cheek. “You thought I was bluffing?”
Dean’s phone rings. He instantly grabs it, as he has always done, not considering how bizarre it is to get a call when the only people left on Earth are in the bunker right now.
Dean opens the door and he lets himself in, finding Castiel on the bed, reading a book that’s placed on his lap.
“What the hell are you two doing?” Jody says as she appears in the kitchen after taking out the trash. Both Dean and Castiel turn their faces to look at her.
Dean nods. “I was waiting for you to be ready too.” He starts to caress Castiel’s side and he smiles.
As Dean walks towards the table, Castiel notices the bandage on Dean’s thigh. “How’s your wound going?” Castiel asks.
Even if Dean was only one man, he fought better than the other three men. He punched and kicked them, and Dean was able to give more than he received, but he still got punched a couple of times.
“You sounded like when you come,” Dean says. He might be exaggerating a little, but truth is that Cas sounded almost like when he comes.
“Don’t worry,” Castiel says. He is really flushed but there’s a wonderful cute smile on his lips that it is all teeth and gums. “I really like kissing you.”
“Hello, Charlie,” Castiel says with a wide smile. When they pull away, he frowns curiously. “You are joining us for dinner?”
“Because it’s not like that!” Dean says irritated. “We don’t want anything like that. We like each other and we feel good to be together. It eases the things to be just what we are.”
“Well, it's the funniest thing, but they've all been rewritten. They all end the same way now; with the archangel Michael escaping your mind and using you as his vessel to burn down this world.”
“No, you aren’t,” she says calmly but serious. “The thing is that it can mean what you think it is or it can mean nothing,” she adds with a sad grimace. Dean already knew that, but he is glad to know that he isn’t going insane. “There’s too much history in between you two, Dean.” She sighs and makes tender, worried smile. “And you two spent fifteen years apart. Fifteen years is a long time, a lot of things happen in just one year, so imagine how many different things can happen during fifteen years.”
The thing is that sometimes Dean can’t stand just being a friend to Cas. He sometimes looks at Cas and he wishes he could kiss him and hold him and tell him how much he loves him. He wishes they could live together in Dean’s apartment, that they could sleep in the same bed, that they could make love, that they could wake up together every single morning. Dean wishes they could have the life they wanted to have. But it’s too late for that.
Desperate to get away from it, to feel less miserable, suffocated and lonely, Dean tries to find a case for days, until he finds one. He finds Sam and Eileen in the kitchen, laughing. Dean’s chest might hurt from longing to have with Cas what Sam and Eileen have, but he still is happy for the two of them. Eileen is a great woman, one Dean really likes, and Sam has no idea how lucky he is.
Dean laughs. “Yeah, that’s one way to put it.” He places his hand on Cas’ knee and gives it a soft squeeze, then he pulls his hand quickly. “What about you? How are you feeling after going through that spell?”
“Then lie,” he begged, leaning into his touch. His hand brought Castiel closer and Castiel could see his glassy, green eyes better. “Please, just stay a little bit more.”
Castiel closes the door and the moment he closes it, he rests his forehead against it and he starts to cry. He hates feeling like this, he hates wanting to have Dean’s arms around him holding and protecting him, he hates that aching feeling in his heart. This can’t happen, they were making progress, he was really comfortable with their situation and suddenly Castiel started to fall apart in front of Dean, without any reason at all.
Dean smiled, aware that Castiel was not going to order him a painting. “Okay, Your Majesty. Tomorrow I don’t expect any client to come, so feel free to come at any time you wish.”
Dean moves one of his hands from Castiel’s waist until he can reach his and Castiel’s cock, wrapping his hand around them and giving them a slow caress that makes the two of them moan. Castiel immediately brings his hand to their cocks, joining Dean’s hand, and he begins to stroke the two of them.
Castiel grunts and lies on the bed, the sound is an expression of exhaustion and sadness, rather than angry or annoyed. His hands come to rest onto his own belly, sticky with Dean’s come and he looks at it. He grabs a wet wipe and he cleans himself, cleaning Dean after, for that, he sits on his lap and Dean looks at him.
He presses one of his hands on Cas’ back and helps him sit down, keeping him in place. Then, he tentatively places his hand on Cas’ face. For a second, Cas flinches, and something cold runs down Dean’s spine as his heart breaks.
Dean grins. “Sammy, you should know that the worst way to prevent something from happening, it’s forbidding it.”
Cas cups Dean’s face and kisses him deeply. And when he pulls away, Dean chases his mouth again, not wanting to let go just yet. Cas moans delighted at this.
Dean makes a shocked face and he doubts for a few seconds, but he walks the small distance that separates them and he hugs Castiel. The moment Dean’s arms are around him, pressing him against his chest, Castiel lets out a breath he didn’t know he was holding. His hands come to rest on Dean’s blades, feeling the coldness of his leather jacket. He rests his chin on Dean’s shoulder and closes his eyes. He forgot what a great hugger Dean was. He lets Dean’s warm wrap him, feeling his overwhelming smell mixed with the scent of leather and the Impala.
“Okay,” Dean says nodding and making a tiny polite smile. “See you.” He turns over to do something on the sink, avoiding Castiel’s eyes, trying to distract himself.
Sam calls Cas, but Cas doesn’t answer, so he leaves him a message, telling him about Chuck and Lilith.
As they watch how the corpses of the werewolves burn in a hole the three of them dug up, Dean looks at his husband. Cas got a scratch on his abdomen, on the left side. His black t-shirt is torn by the claws and it also has his dried blood on it. Sam got a scratch on his right shoulder, and his jacket and shirt are in the same condition as Castiel’s t-shirt. Dean also got his scratch; his is above his left pectoral. Luckily, none of those scratches are too deep, but they are going to have to do something about it soon.
Castiel leans his head in the wall and takes another puff. He remembers the first time he smoke a joint, at first it make him feel dizzy and the taste was weird, but now, he was used to all of that, maybe too used.
Castiel manages to get three more balls into the pockets, but he misses when he tries to get the ball number seven, which means that Dean has another chance. As Dean gets ready to shoot, Castiel decides to distract him, just to get a tiny revenge. Dean’s distraction didn’t screw his shoot, but that’s because Castiel is good at concentrating. To distract Dean, he puts himself in front of him and he starts to caress the stick, using the same movements he does when he jerks Dean off.
Suddenly, the door to the bunker opens, and Dean quickly turns his face and instantly hides his cigarette, but immediately relaxes when he sees that it is Cas.
When they separate their lips from each other, their eyes meet, as they always do. They look at each other with a happy smile.
Unable to utter a word, Dean simply nods and closes his eyes. He leans onto Cas’ touch and tries to breathe. He still can feel the reminder of Hell on his skin and he can hear the painful screams of the souls he tortured.
Dean sighs. “Promise me that you won’t tell this to anyone. Not Sammy, Kevin or anyone, you got me?”
Dean looks at Charlie, then at Sam, and finally at Cas. This is all he has ever wanted and he finally got it.
This is hard, really hard. He swallows, an act that it is supposed to be really easy, now feels like the most difficult task.  His hand goes directly to the bridge of his nose, to pinch it again. He has to try, he doesn’t want to screw this up, he wants to do it nice for Cas, for the next chance they see each other or talk on the phone. Whatever that happens first.
They keep riding in silence. Dean hates the fact that the bunker will be empty when they arrive. It hurts that Cas is away again, after he came back only a few days ago. Dean was hoping that now that Cas had just came back from the dead, he was going to stick around for a little bit more, that they were going to spend some time together, making up for all the time they were apart. But he was wrong. Cas left as soon as he could.
Rowena looks shocked about it. “Boys? Fix it,” she says, easily. “I don't have many regrets, but the few I do still haunt me. Making Napoleon so short was just bitchy. Telling Mick Jagger he had no future when I dumped him. And, well, everything with dear Fergus. Then one day, you die, you go to Hell, they make you queen, and… You can't make it right.”
Castiel couldn’t help smiling at that. He pressed a kiss on Dean’s forehead and sat down on the chair he had next to Dean’s side. He looked at Dean, wondering when he would wake up. He sighed and then looked at his brother, standing on the other side of the bed. “What are you going to do now?” he asked. “Are you going to stay here or are you going to leave?”
“I’m not antisocial, I prefer spending my time with a small group of people, and preferably with people I consider my family and or my friends.”
Sam chuckles and Cas presses his lips into a thin line, trying to avoid a smile, but in a failed attempt, making him look so damn cute. The concert hasn’t even started and Dean is already adoring everything so far.
“I’m sure you will be,” Castiel said, convinced. Dean gave him an incredulous look and huffed. “I have never seen anyone as talented as you, and your drawings are amazing. You will be an amazing painter, Dean.”
“Yes, I did,” Castiel answers, rolling onto his back as well, putting even more distance in between them. “I want to thank you again for staying with me last night.”
“Yeah, just let me brush my teeth and grab my leather jacket,” he explains hurriedly. “Sit down on the couch meanwhile,” he adds as he walks towards the bathroom.
Cas calls, saying he is in Pontiac, Illinois, and that there is an emergency. So Sam and Dean drive to where he is. But when they find him, it is not really an emergency and Dean tells Cas so, which pisses Cas off. Now Cas feels responsible for Claire Novak, and Dean doesn’t know why.
Castiel makes a thoughtful face. “No, I think I’m going to take a rest. I will continue tomorrow. Besides, we have to go to Sam and Jess’ to have lunch, and you know that if I start writing, it is difficult to make me stop.”
Dean leans to kiss Cas and he starts to move inside him. His thrusts are slow, sweet, and delicate, and it drives both of them crazy. It is like coming home over and over again, and Dean realizes in that moment that his real home is Castiel. He closes his eyes at that thought, making what sounds like a half-moan, half-groan, and Castiel tightens his limbs around him, moaning loudly.
They walk towards the Impala. Dean gets in the backseat and holds Castiel in his arms once Sam starts driving, faster than he has ever done, making Rowena grip her seat tightly.
Dean looks at him unsure. “You sure?” Castiel nods. Dean exhales sharply. It isn’t anything related with his feelings, but it is something that he has always wondered. “Why did you even want to be with me back then?” he finally asks. The question seems to catch Castiel off guard because he makes a confused face. He probably was expecting another question. “I mean, you were that fucking smart kid and I was a big dumb shit.”
The brothers don’t say anything else. Castiel hears the ruffling of clothes and sheets and the lights are off soon. He can hear Sam’s and Dean’s breathings, and he envies that the Winchester brothers can manage to sleep that easily while he is begging for slumber to come for him.
“Stay, only for a little bit,” Dean said with a pleading look. Castiel sighed, frustrated. He understood that Dean hated it when Castiel had to leave, Castiel hated it too, but he couldn’t stay for longer. Dean leaned and started kissing the skin behind his ear, one of Castiel’s weakest spots. “Let’s have a quick one.”
Dean remains silent for a moment, letting this revelation sink in. He can’t believe Cas made a deal and he kept it secret. But what worries him the most is that Cas is choosing this moment to tell him.
“Yes, we are.” He manages to make a smile, but it quickly disappears. “I began to feel things for you almost since we met, but I didn’t know what those things were back then. I have been so used to hiding them, to live with them without addressing them to you, that it is what feels normal to me. I have always been scared of telling you because I wasn’t sure if you felt the same way, and I was scared that my confession would make me lose you as a friend.”
Castiel hums as he sips his first coffee. He still needs two mugs to wake up. At least. “I think I’ll be done by midday.”
Castiel chuckled, brightly. It was close to the laughter Dean remembered and always loved. “That’s a nice compliment, Dean.” He looked him in that special way of his. “Still, at least you should have known that I was the Prince.”
Dean chuckles, bitterly. “Yeah.” Then, he takes a deep breath and lets himself drown into the sea of Cas’ eyes. “So, you really love me?”
“Do you even have to ask that, Cas?” Of course that he will wait. He will wait for the blue eyed man to come back. Cas always comes back to see him.
Castiel starts walking and Dean follows him. As they advance through the place, Dean seems to be more familiar with his surroundings.
Castiel laughed again before kissing Dean. He loved feeling Dean’s smile when they kissed. It was a wonderful feeling. Dean pressed him closer, until there was no space, deepening their kisses as their hands mapped each other’s bodies and they started to take off each other’s clothes slowly.
Castiel smiles and pulls away, getting back to paint Dean, who feels how the brush moves with the blend of water and watercolor. Cas is delicate but firm with every brushstroke. And whenever he manages to take a look at Cas and the masterpiece he is painting on his back, Dean can see that Cas is really enthusiastic with the brush. It makes him really happy.
In between Dean’s legs, Castiel had a perfect view of Dean’s ass and his rim. He looked at Dean briefly, who gave him a curious look, not knowing about Castiel’s intentions. Castiel approached Dean’s rim and he pressed a kiss there. Dean gasped and moaned slightly, so Castiel repeated the motion, and the grip Dean had on his hair became tighter, which meant that he was enjoying that. Without thinking it twice, Castiel licked his rim, and that time, Dean moaned really loud, so Castiel kept licking his rim, loving how Dean sounded with every press of his tongue.
“Why don’t you give me the keys and I drive around town to get some supper?” Sam asks. “It’s quite late, so we won’t be able to do much until tomorrow.”
“Still—” Castiel took a deep breath and looked down, feeling really tired. He was feeling really cold from the rain. “I should have been more cautious. Dean wouldn’t be in this situation if I had—”
Cas takes a deep breath. “I don’t know. Either way, I wish I could have done something to prevent it.”
“Hey,” Dean said, approaching Castiel and pressing a brief kiss on his lips. It made Castiel blush. “Want some tea?”
Dean arrives at Cas’ apartment and he rigs the doorbell, like he always does. Like every Saturday, Cas is dressed with one of his worn t-shirts and jeans. Cas told Dean that he works from Monday to Friday at the hospital and he is free on Saturday and Sunday. That’s why on Fridays Cas is so well dressed and on Saturdays he is more casual. Anyways, Dean likes both of the looks. Cas looks so attractive with his pants and his shirt and he looks too freaking cute with his worn clothes.
and he runs towards the door as fast as he can. He might be way too excited, he knows it, but he doesn’t care. He just runs upstairs and he opens the door, revealing Cas. And Dean grins wider than in his whole life, and Castiel blushes a bit, in that adorable way of his as a pretty smile shows up on his lips.
He shouldn’t get too attached, because once Castiel stops filming in Vancouver, he will leave and it is probably that they won’t see each other again. But Dean can’t help liking Cas. He is a likable guy and he knows that this is starting to become a friendship, but will it last once Castiel leaves?
Castiel is standing next to him, with his hand resting on the small of Dean’s back. “I just found it.”
“Great!” Charlie says as she steps into the kitchen and looks for a bowl for her cereals. Sam steps inside too, but he goes directly to where the mugs are.
When Castiel pulls away, Dean looks puzzled, although there’s some anger in his eyes and face. “I knew you were going to react like that, because I know this isn’t the most normal thing—”
“I think Cas and I have already taken than decision.” They decided to be friends and it is working. Dean might have feelings, but they aren’t returned and Cas doesn’t know about them, so they don’t matter to their friendship. Everything is better than Dean expected and things should stay like this. Both are happy. It doesn’t matter what Dean truly wants.
He wants to tell him about Amara’s power over him, about how she kissed him and Dean couldn’t fight back, even if it felt so wrong. He wants to talk to Cas about all the things that Dean doesn’t understand and that scare him, and he wants to get some advice and some comfort from Cas, but  he is forced to watch Cas go away.
“I’m good at that. At least,” he says with a grin. Dean can’t help smiling. “And what else do you recommend?”
Dean’s hands trace down Castiel’s sides, feeling the shape of Castiel’s body, and they go directly to the inner of his thighs. Dean touches them delicately but in a really arousing way. As he does that, Dean’s mouth leaves Castiel’s nipple, which is hard and swollen, and he leaves butterfly kisses down Castiel’s abdomen, tickling him and making him giggle.
When Dean’s fingers touch his prostate, Castiel moans louder. “Dean—!” Dean touches his prostate again and Castiel’s back arches. “Oh, fuck, Dean!” He moans desperate.
“I doubt it. The circle is one of the most common shapes in the universe. Not only does its shape enclose the maximum area in a perimeter, it also has a constant radius and a perfect and infinite symmetry. It’s the most efficient shape.”
“Dean— so good— oh, Dean—” Castiel moans. Dean clenches his hole and Castiel moans and groans louder and even his back jumps a little. “Dean—! Do that again!” He asks for desperate. Dean does it again and Castiel moans louder than before. He even nails Dean’s chest. “Oh my— Dean—!”
Rowena nods and she starts to say something in Latin while her eyes turn purple. Dean looks at Castiel’s face the whole time, praying to him, even if it will be useless.
Dean kisses his temple. “Yeah, it was.” With his hand he rubs Castiel’s shoulder, and those blue eyes meet Dean’s green ones. “I really like you enjoyed it.”
They start having breakfast. Everything tastes really good and Dean lets Cas know it, which makes the ex-angel blush and smile. Dean can’t help the happiness he feels. Cas made him breakfast and brought it to bed. It might not be an awesome breakfast, but it is for Dean.
Dean grins and looks at Castiel before he throws the condom to the trash bin. It doesn’t end up in it, but Dean doesn’t care. He will pick it up tomorrow. He grabs the duffel bag and looks for some wipes to clean Cas’ mess on both of their stomachs. “I didn’t squeeze your lemon ‘til your juice fell down your leg, but I was close,” Dean teases as he cleans Cas.
“Boy knows how to leave us full.” Bobby says taking a deep breath. The old man doesn’t eat too much, but when Dean is the one cooking, you should better grab some food before Bobby eats it all.
When they have thrown everything they could reach to each other, they sit down on the dirty floor, a big grin on all their faces. “Four grown adults just had a food war,” Sam says, chuckling and shaking his head. “It’s crazy.”
“Dean.” Castiel starts to say with that breathless but sexy voice. “Finger yourself with the other hand.”
Castiel smiles and he kisses Dean, softly. “Okay, I’ll sleep here, but you better not growl at me when my alarm sounds.”
His little brother takes a deep breath and runs his hand through his long hair, almost combing it. “Well, if you see it like that, it kind of makes sense, but—” He sighs and looks at Dean’s eyes. “Maybe you could try to be with him once he leaves.”
Everything falls apart and crashes into million pieces, bringing Dean back to the painful reality. “Can’t you stay a little bit longer?” Dean asks with a shaky and sad voice. He caresses the small of Castiel’s back, hoping it will make him stay, but deep down, he knows it won’t work.
Dean falls onto his knees, unable to do anything else because of the terrible pain of his broken bones.
Dean sleeps for longer than usually, and when he wakes up, he hears some noises coming from the kitchen. He first goes to the bathroom and then to the kitchen, feeling curious about the noise, and he finds Cas, attempting to make some scrambled eggs.
“I can take charge of the bookstore while you are gone, don’t worry,” she says casually, grabbing from Dean’s hands the book of the second customer. “You barely go out lately and you truly deserve a day off. When was the last time you took a vacation?”
“It is supposed to be a surprise, Dean,” he sasses. Dean just laughs. “I think I’m going to get yours first.” He pulls away, slowly, letting Dean’s hand go from his arm.
Cas takes his invitation and he snuggles against Dean’s side. Dean rests his hand on Cas’ shoulder and then he briefly kisses Cas’ head. Cas, meanwhile, places his hand on Dean’s nape and his fingers brush his hair.
He doesn’t just want Dean for sex, he wants him to be something more, something bigger, not only friends who frequently have sex because Cas pays Dean for it. He wants something very different from that and it is driving him crazy.
“I really like the photography of this scene.” Dean murmurs when Luke, Leia, C3P0 and R2D2 look at a galaxy through that immense window. “The only one I miss there is Han Solo.”
“You should be proud of who you are, Dean,” Castiel says with a tender and deep voice that makes Dean’s spine tingle. “I know you don’t believe it, but there is so much worth in you.”
By the time Crowley is back into his vessel, he says that it was all useless, that Lucifer has a strong hold on Cas.
They keep dancing in the kitchen, following the rhythm of Dean’s humming, accompanied by the drumming of the rain outside. They twirl together, and Castiel’s laughter is beautiful. It echoes in the kitchen and it brightens Dean’s heart, making him grin widely. Dean never thought something as simple as this could bring him so much joy.
Both Dean and Castiel attack her with iron, but she reappears quickly, attacking them and throwing them against the closest wall.
The moment they get into the restaurant and wait for an Asian guy to guide them to a table, the smell of food is overwhelming and Dean feels how his mouth starts to water. The smell is delicious, really delicious. He can almost taste the food he is going to eat by its wonderful smell.
Dean keeps getting dressed in the living room and then, he starts to make breakfast. He is going to make some scrambled eggs with toasts and cereals with berries. He would do some pancakes, but today Cas doesn’t have butter.
“I know I didn’t do my best to protect you in the past,” Castiel continues, looking at their hands. “But I was better than I am now.”
Dean turned his face and he looked at Cas with a sassy look. “I think you love seeing my ass covered with your come way too much,” Dean said, mockingly.
After they finish their breakfast, they shower together, get their federal suits on and drive to the police office, asking for the sheriff, whose face goes white the moment he spots them.
Before Dean leaves the bathroom, he presses another kiss to Cas’ shoulder, and the ex-angel can’t help grinning. Dean loves the domesticity they have developed since they got together. He smiles to himself and starts packing their stuff. Cas comes out of the bathroom, now completely dressed, and helps Dean. They don’t have much to pack, but Dean appreciates the help.
“I can’t believe I’m finally getting what I most want to.” He sighed, contently and looked at their joined hands. “I know I am going to have some duties, but I’m going to have my life, finally.”
But Dean tries to pretend that things are fine. Cas won’t come back, so he has to get used to a life without Cas. He doesn’t want to, but he has to. He won’t get Cas back. He lost him forever. Cas left because he wanted to. There is no changing that.
“You should learn to live a little,” Rowena says as she drops her bag onto the table. Then, she gives Castiel a flirtatious smile. “Hello, Castiel.”
Before Dean can say anything back, a guy comes out of said vehicle and starts following the couple of friends. The moment he is about to be away from the security camera’s reach, when he is about to take a hold of the two people, his eyes lights up, as well as his arms, covered in tattoos.
“Dean, I won’t. What’s wrong?” She sounds genuinely concerned and Dean can’t help thinking how lucky he is for having a friend like Charlie.
“You wear too many layers,” Castiel complains after taking off Dean’s black denim jacket, his read plaid shirt and his t-shirt.
Dean chuckles. Cas isn’t forbidden to cook. But it isn’t advisable to let him cook alone. Last time he tried to make a burger, it started to burn. “You would rather admit that you are a terrible cook instead that admitting that you adore my cooking skills?” he asks teasingly and mockingly.
“Yeah, a bit.” Dean chuckles. “Thanks a lot.” He takes the last sip of chocolate and he looks at his watch. “I should better go.”
“Space,” Rowena answers as she rolls her sleeves. She looks at Dean, who is still looking at Castiel’s motionless face. “Dean. Move away.”
The only time Cas looks like himself, is when he tells Sam that he isn’t okay and that he can’t heal him. For a brief moment, Dean is speechless, because he is worried about his brother and because he just saw the Cas he has always known, but then, Cas is back to this soldier version of himself and Dean’s little hope disappears.
