John drags his chair closer to the table and slides his palm up Sherlock's forearm, gripping it just below his elbow. The restaurant is quiet; the sun has set, and their corner behind a row of potted plants offers some seclusion.
"There was… falling, when I remember the mask on my face. I've felt that before when put under, but this time it was… I had questions, I think, but they ignored me. I'm not sure I even said anything, though. Can't remember being taken to the OR, which is illogical, considering I'm quite sure I remember things which happened while I was
"Oh, my poor son-in-law, having those throat issues again. Isn't there anything for it?" Violet demands while washing her hands.
While waiting for the patient to begin taking their first breaths, supported by the ventilator of the anaesthesia workstation, John chats cheerily with the rest of the OR staff. The scrub nurse is disposing of single-use sharps, arranging instruments onto boxes and trays so that they can be put into the autoclave. The supervising nurse helps John remove all the drapes — as usual, Sherlock has left the detaching of the Sugita to him though there is
A theory had formed in his head on the walk regarding why Mycroft had picked this safe house. Not just because he'd think it funny — Sherlock trying to manage in an environment as far removed from their native London as possible, that is — but because here, he couldn't start using out of boredom. There's nothing available out here, and perhaps Mycroft had known he'd be so occupied with keeping himself clothed, fed and warm, that other things would be cast aside.
. He welcomes Sherlock to book an appointment with him if he feels the need, and references the same thing Lestrade had mentioned: something called '
"Could point to the suspect having struck him from a lower position. As you said, perhaps he was picking up the axe after dropping it." Holmes' eyes have narrowed, and his fingertips are resting thoughtfully on his lower lip.
He's not good at identifying his own emotions. This is a problem he was born with, one that Joanna Pichler has been helping him with. Anger, sadness… he can spot the easy ones, but what if the dominant emotion can be characterised by an absence rather than the presence of an impulse? What should it be called, then?
? There's nothing for him here on Westray — no work, not the sort of overwhelming and intoxicating sensory stimulation that London can offer. His brother isn't here, either —
He calls the clinic again, makes some more notes, and returns to his bedroom to get dressed.
"You really think so?"
Sherlock, back at his laptop with the cord now plugged in and the screen glowing white in his email program, flicks a dismissive wrist. "I need to email Lestrade."
"He could never disappoint me in the same way I disappoint him. He works hard to compensate for my faults."
"You wouldn't mind what?"
You get a text, assume it's from the locum agency asking about your availability.
They're his fault, but you don't tell him this. You welcome them, because they're brought on by relief and his welcome and exhilarating proximity. At least they're less alarming to the cause than an erection would be.
Suddenly, the memory of the conversation I had with Culverton Smith at the hospital drifts in. In that moment, the intensity of my desire to live, after all, shook me to the core. That is precisely how I feel right now,  burning with desperation for more, for another chance.
Sherlock shoots him a glance of disapproval. "That's mine."
"Alright, yeah, good," John hurries to soften. "I'm glad. I guess I wasn't wrong then, thinking you've been a bit short-fused lately. And you sleep and eat even less than you used to. And I haven't seen you really excited about anything lately or doing your projects at home as much."
Bethany's jaw has dropped, too. "Into
"There is no curse of
John knows he has probably ruined any chance he ever had of getting Sherlock to eat this particular meal, but he'll sacrifice it for the sake of future nutrition.
"If John knew everything… if he knew that I nearly failed at medical school and that I ended up at Burgess Hill, I don't know what he'd think of me. If he knew everything, he wouldn't expect me to be in a relationship. He wouldn't expect me to manage. And why would he want to be married to someone like that?"
They fixed the cords keeping his valve together. Now, you'll start fixing the tethers which will reconnect him to his life.
Slowly, he makes his way to the door and back. Doesn't ask you to even open it. He's breathing hard, tears prickling the edges of his eyes once he's back on the bed. Once again, he declines an offer of more pain meds, and you wonder why. Is this some macabre exercise to try to prove something to himself, or to you? An act of defiance, maybe? For someone like Sherlock it must be a profound humiliation not to manage even a short trip outside his room, and he chose to ask for your help instead of doing this when you were absent.
"He's physically fine."
"I'll ring out department head, see if we can get the approval. I'll say he declined GA, so we have to go for the next best option."
_____________
a sister. At least that's what they told us. Those ultrasound machines back then weren't so good, as you must know; I hear that they still can't promise a hundred percent accuracy in determining the gender," Violet laments. "Nowadays, young people seem to think that an… medically ending a pregnancy just an alternative to prophylactics. Back in the day it was… one didn't speak about such things so freely. Or at all."
It's not his fault. He's just reacting to something he can't resolve with his massive intellect.
"Ha bloody ha. Will you listen? You can shout at me later if you still feel like it? Wouldn't a detective want all the facts before they passed judgement?"
Instead of being a National Trust property like so many grand-but-expensive-to-upkeep country piles these days, Walstead House is owned by a City Banker who'd struck gold with some hedge fund. Last night at dinner, Violet had told Sherlock of how much bad blood his behaviour had created. The locals were particularly aghast when he had dared to wall off many popular public footpaths and refused to participate in river conservation efforts. The man did eventually realise how much easier keeping good relations with the locals might make life in a small village, so the permission to hold the market at the estate was granted as a gesture of goodwill.
"How you need to process these things is unclear at this point. Perhaps even just acknowledging them may help. Seeing
"At least you won't have to spend months worrying about a potential operation," you say, disgusted with the forced cheeriness of your tone. "It'll be over and done with quickly. Easy decision. A no-brainer, really."
Suddenly, the rhythm in the ECG graph changes. There are clusters of ventricular extra beats, then pauses of increasing length. Then, it degenerates into just a straight line which, at first, wavers a bit, then becomes the unmistakeable horizon of asystole. You knew to expect it, but Mycroft, craning his neck so that he can see the screen as well, does not.
You lick your lips, leans your palms on the back of your chair for fortification. "Let's change roles for a moment. If you were my patient, what would you deduce?"
"The term
He answers when the phone rings, gritting his teeth when the painful jolt of hearing John's voice hits. It sends him into tachycardia like the sudden shock of being submerged in glacial water.
He needs you. You can do this. He always pushes himself one more bit beyond normal endurance, that one step beyond normal in every way. You have no idea how he'd react if your roles were reversed. You don't care. People think he doesn't feel things, that he has no empathy. Fuck them. They don't know Sherlock at all.
He slips out his own phone from his dressing gown pocket. "Mycroft must have some."
"But you
She grins. "Not quite. But I hope you could accept that when you become aware that something's bothering you, it’s  a sign that a talk might be in order. I know you fear John's reactions to whatever revelations you think remain about your mental landscape and your past, but judging by everything I know about your husband, I'd say you have very little to worry about. The two of you have been through quite a lot. In sickness and in health, Sherlock."
"Exactly." Sherlock sounds relieved.
"If you can't deduce that, I'm glad you're an anaesthetist and not a detective."
___________
"I have asked that question myself sometimes — why me. Why George would choose to work so hard for a family that had its challenges. He did it because he wanted to, and he told me once that he found it insulting when I questioned his motives."
Sherlock rarely reads the papers, doesn't care about the news, which is for the best. If he was fully aware of how the media is celebrating him right now, would he feel flattered, or assume like he always does with people that any positive attention is either sarcasm unrecognised, a part of a plot for his destruction, or something that will wane and turn sour once people really get to know him?
cusp = the mitral valve consists of several cusps aka leaflets
He gets told the same he did an hour ago. It's now eight in the evening, and John can't even imagine what they could be doing in there still.
John's tone is endeared — perhaps even a bit amused. The contrast to the version of him which Sherlock had just escaped from in his dreamscape is staggering. Feeling hag ridden and confused, he climbs to his feet and sits on the edge of the bed, fingertips tingling still from the adrenaline.
"Agreed," John sighs.
Sherlock can’t quite follow John’s train of thought. Is he septic? That would explain why he’s saying confusing things. “I shouldn’t think fun is involved.” He grabs a portable blood pressure meter and begins tying the cuff around John’s arm.
"That works both ways."
Feeling profoundly out of himself, Sherlock trails behind her into the appointment room. By the time he slumps down onto the sofa and starts hyperventilating, he feels as though he's properly left himself behind and is watching the scene from afar in bewilderment and alarm. When he'd felt most embarrassed as a child, most put on the spot, most ashamed of who he was, he had imagined stepping out of the scene like a character crawling out of a painting, feeling nothing but the vague interest of a spectator looking at a tableau they couldn't quite decode. A tableau of his emotions. The emotions of others.
"What follow-ups?"
, John thinks firmly.
"It's admirable that you've adopted such a policy of honesty, but what would be the benefit of such disclosure?" asks the director.
John is aghast.
"Let's back up a bit," she suggests. "It's important for you to look presentable at the reunion. Why?"
"Even if it's me asking and not him?"
turbulent in terms of blood flow = as opposed to laminar, which means a flow without any maelstroms, turbulent flow is like that of a river with lots of rocks. To put it in more scientific terms, there are changes in pressure and flow velocity in a turbulent flow while in a laminar flow those things are more constant.
There's hoarse muttering from underneath all the bedding. John has pulled even Sherlock's half of the duvet on top of himself.
"What does that mean?" He doesn't like being predictable. It sounds average and trite. "What do you mean, '
"Best rest and regroup a bit, then, eh?"
"It's only a bit past nine," Violet points out.
"Your mood may be making you twist everything into the worst-case scenario, including what I tell you. And that's actually why I was asking all that stuff earlier. I'm just worried that your mood... has stopped being a weather and turned into a climate."
He looks a bit pale, likely rattled by what they've just gone through. He turns off the portable respirator. The patient is still under the effects of the muscle relaxant from the intubation, and John sees one of the nurses inject the ordered amount of opioid into her system to make sure her passing is comfortable.
He tries the handle, which is unlocked, and steps in to witness quite a sight.
', Sherlock has informed him. John had then asked what people do say to him.
The lighthouse itself is not very high — it wouldn't need to be on such an elevated spot. The design is simple and looks not unlike a modern chapel. The light itself is housed in the dark grey metal top of the tower that looks like birdcage. A low, square 1-storey annexe must house the living quarters. There is a wall around what one might generously call a kitchen garden, and a fenced pen which Sherlock assumes is for the ram they coax out of the backseat. Sherlock knows nothing about sheep, but Edward looks rather smug about his adventure and about hitching a ride home.
"Did you read Greg's email?" John asks when they reach the front door. "It doesn't sound like you did anything wrong."
John closes his eyes and leans his face on his palm as two officers rise to escort Sherlock out once the judge has held him in contempt of court.
If John knew about these things, he'd never look at Sherlock the same way
After a moment's hesitation, Sherlock scoots closer, allowing his mother to hug him briefly but tightly.
There are other terrifying but also wonderful words I have for him. Words I've said before. Didn't you hear me, John, at your wedding? Perhaps my timing was off as usual. You know social cues are not my forte. Didn't you hear it on the phone when you looked up and saw me standing at the edge of the roof? Didn't you hear it every time I said your name through the years?
"Some tendons connecting his mitral valve to his left ventricle have ruptured, and there's a severe valve dysfunction which needs urgent surgery."
Some stars, when they reach the end of their celestial lives, diminish into white dwarves. I remember that this notion disturbed me as a child as I devoured countless books on science. I was much more pleased with the notion that some of them expanded into red giants and exploded into supernovas. Eventually, what remained was a black hole or a beautiful nebula. What is the point of it all, unless you can leave behind something beautiful and everlasting — or take everyone down with you in revenge if your life has been an endless line of adversity and suffering.
John knows he's stuck; he keeps getting discouraged by how long it's taking him to try to talk to Sherlock about what's going on, and that makes him hesitate so much that more time passes without him opening his mouth. He hates the awkwardness of trying to talk about his own or Sherlock's feelings, hates having to walk on eggshells, loathes struggling to choose the right words. He likes concrete things; operative medicine, injuries and other physical problems that can be fixed with actions. Abstract things such as feelings, he still finds difficult. He is not a therapist.
quit, because you and Mikey are the most important thing in my entire life and I couldn't stop trying, could I? Only an idiot wouldn't see that John is the most important person in your life, so you wouldn't forgive yourself if you gave up on trying to be his husband. And I don't think you have been doing badly at all. In fact, you have surprised your father and I, and perhaps Mikey, too — not just because you got married but because you've stuck with that decision and work very hard to be happy with John. That's more than Mikey's managed, you know. I pity the woman who would try to wiggle their way into his daily routines," Violet says with a small smile, "though God knows it would do him a world of good."
. We didn't think of her as a
Emma removes the dressings. After you've donned a mask and a pair of sterile gloves, you cut the thick sutures fastening the drains to Sherlock's chest. The drains come out easily, followed by snake-like slivers of clotted blood.
, save for the fact that the modus operandi includes something as unsavoury as sexually motivated homicide. Someone is picking up men from bars, going home with them and, in the process of a tryst, killing them. London has seen murders with certain similarities before, the most notable example of internalised homophobia channelled into serial homicide by Colin Ireland, dubbed "
Whatever I may have wanted to achieve by coming back to John have slipped through my fingers. All I have left for him is the vow I made.
"It's definitely sunk in," you confirm to the older Holmes "What's happened to him. The arrhythmia burst the bubble that nothing's going to be different in the future, that there can't be complications or that he doesn't have to be mindful of the new valve."
"Different slices, different projections. Not enough for this."
"That's the worst version of
deserves, because you've always sensed it in the way he carries himself, in the careful way he exists around others. Why else would he have given in to addiction in the first place? Just boredom? No.
John sighs. He feels so tense that he must have been clenching his buttocks on the hard bench at the back of the courtroom from the minute he'd sat down.
Any good?"
Yosuke shrugs, looking sceptical as well.
Instead of their bed at home, Sherlock finds himself back at Bastion, nauseous and shivering with fever from food poisoning where he lies on the cot in John’s dusty office. Glancing up, teeth clattering in the desert night cold that has seeped into the mostly empty side building, he can see stars through the window. He hears footsteps outside, distant mortar fire, the hum and crackle of electrical wires short-circuiting. Freezing even under the coarse woollen blanket, he shoves his tingling fingers into his armpits, but the wetness there on his right flank makes him draw his hand out and inspect it in the dim light. It’s coated with a black, slick substance that cannot be anything but blood, yet it’s cold. Trailing his fingers up across his chest and down his arms underneath the borrowed T-shirt to find the source, his fingertips happen upon a hole the size of a penny on the left side of his chest. It’s still trickling blood.
the Senior has booked this appointment. How the hell has he managed to get John's secretary to shove it in against his explicit instructions that no patient should ever be booked on his paperwork time?
You pick up his duvet, noting with gratitude the fresh sheets which are Mrs Hudson's doing. They do little to banish the sense of malaise and stagnation which lingers like a fog in the flat, but these days you notice even the small things that cut through the emotional ague. You bring the duvet up to your nose, inhale the scent that is a marriage of dust and lavender and detergent and Sherlock.
my surgical work," Sherlock argues. "People ask about what do I because they are curious. Apparently,
"You do know what the number one cause of increased reflux symptoms is?"
, he would have said, his voice tight but resolute, thick with emotion but contained, spine snapped straight like a soldier’s should be.
"How so?"
Sherlock doesn't sleep a wink that night.
Sherlock nods. His fingers then grab the edge of John's jacket sleeve. "This is why you've been so strange at home. You know what's going on."
"He'll spout… a–– bunch of jargon… which you will then explain," Sherlock corrects tiredly. The sudden defeat in his tone is frighteningly far from how he usually behaves in hospitals. It has sunk in how serious this is, and he's losing control over his moods, which are a weathervane with a screw loose on the best of days.
, that I was not a hopeless case to be tolerated only because of my potential as a surgeon. Perhaps John's ensuring, endearing mission to get people to like me has not exactly been the success he'd hoped for––"
"You've gone broody," John points out as he leans over the railing to pull his first cod in. It's small, likely not more than two kilograms.
, but that threat was purely physical. After Bastion they were stuck in this flat together just as they are now––
It doesn't get better. There are more specialists, and finally, I am subjected to a bronchoscopy which — believe me — is worse than getting shot. At least it lasts longer. I'd let slip to John that was the diagnostic plan, and he insisted on coming with me; I vacillated between telling him not to and wishing him there. It's not as though I was going to ask Mycroft.
(See the end of the chapter for
—————————
"Your mitral valve isn't holding at all. Because the blood keeps going back to the atrium, there's not enough blood circulating in your––" you start to explain.
A small ad poster catches his eye: it's advertising something called '
"There's stuff about when you were a kid that you agree has been good to talk about," John suggests carefully. Sherlock seems to willing to talk — at least complain — and he wants to cherish the opportunity. "With Pichler, I mean?"
, you know. There's no need to make it this difficult. I see this all the time, surgeons thinking there is nothing we can do for them, and they're wrong. A little trust could go a long way."
–– your father's words, forever etched into his tombstone inside whatever passes for your version of a Mind Palace. Memories are places in the mind, and you'd give anything to not give the vision of Sherlock in that ITU bed permanent residence.
"Perhaps. But he must have considered the possibility and decided to rise above it by inviting me."
. If he wasn't too busy trying to hyperventilate, Sherlock would probably call him an idiot.
He doesn't get to see Sherlock for hours. All John gets to see is the suspect being brought out, hand bleeding, escorted by an entire tactical team and shoved into a waiting armoured van. When he ducks into the command tent, he is promptly removed and told to wait. A shouting match ensues with the officers keeping him from re-entering the tent; John doesn't let up until a female officer in civilian clothes slips out to tell him that the hostages have been escorted out through the staff entrance and taken to another hospital for a check-up, after which they will be taken to the Met headquarters for interviews.
And he can keep them for now.
Violet is shaking her head, now, as she opens the oven door and glares at the baking tray laden with still raw shortbread. "Thank goodness I didn't have
"I had a hysterectomy. The reason was a benign myoma; nothing for my boys to worry about, no need for advice from Sherlock or his husband. They assured me it was very much a routine procedure, and I stayed only three nights at the Princess Royal — the Haywards Heath one, it's quite close to us."
One of his army mates had been a professional athlete before joining the service, and he'd got John interested in the medical challenges of such a lifestyle. Instead of trying to get grannies to use their repaired hips at least a little, he would be trying to prevent professional athletes from putting their newly repaired tendons, muscles and bones to extreme duress too soon.
They can make do with permissive hypotension if there's no acute traumatic brain injury, but if there's a risk she might be having intracerebral pressure problems, that blood pressure needs to come up and fast. "Baseline BP? Bethany?"
This is a place of beauty, but not the lush sort that gets featured in travel brochures, not the sort that the people his brother described the goldfish masses of Britons dream of for their holidays. No, this is a beauty which requires humility and skill to enjoy.
"John, no. You'd worry too much. You'd worry about Rosie, what would happen to her if you––"
John has just injected a bit more lidocaine into the patient to make doing the stitches that will hold the central line in place less painful, when the OR door slides open and Sherlock strides in. He isn't wearing his glasses — since he wears prescription surgical loupes or looks into an adjustable microscope as he operates, he often leaves them in a  jacket pocket in his locker. He is in scrubs, his hair tucked into one of his cotton hats. This is the one with the bees, one John had given him years ago as a Christmas gift. It's a bit worn; all other similarly scruffy old ones Sherlock has thrown away eventually, but not this.
He manages, and John had told him nobody would expect more from him, but that's the thing — he has never just managed. No, he enjoys his work usually, even when he gripes about tedious routine cases beyond his level of intelligence. It's still surgery, but he hasn't enjoyed a single moment in theatre after what had happened with Zezelj.
This seems to satisfy John. "Makes sense, I guess. You'll tell me if there's something I need to know? Keep me in the loop?"
_____________
this about him.
John realises they don't have any paper bags and it's mostly a placebo thing, anyway, so he springs to his feet, grabs a wrist to pull Sherlock to a standing position as well, and then wraps his arms around the man in a tight embrace. It's tight enough that Sherlock should feel deep, calm breathing, feel his heart that's picked up its pace but isn't racing frantically. John needs to ground this man he loves, needs to offer real and safe sensations instead of the intangible ghosts in Sherlock's head trying to overwhelm him.
before having to detach himself from Sherlock.
. Losing the mere chance of witnessing another of John’s full body laughs at yet another case anecdote. How could he be ready to risk it all? He had turned down so many opportunities by now that the weight in his chest is almost natural now.
Refusing to let it all overwhelm him, John hurries back downstairs, busying himself with setting the table and reheating some of the leftovers. He’s not sure how long he remains there, staring at the two plates and empty chairs, trying to shut down the voices inside his head, but Toby is the one pulling him out of his head, coming to greet him with loud barks. Sherlock is not far to follow, and John straightens up, clearing his throat, “You’re back.”
Sherlock, apparently pleased, heads back downstairs, leaving him alone. John falls on his back again, sighing louder. So much for compromising positions. He doesn’t linger on the slight disappointment washing over him, getting to his feet instead and picking an outfit for the day. Sherlock is pacing when he gets downstairs. His phone in hand, he looks up while John puts on his shoes.
we’ll go together to
"You don't need to apologize again," Sherlock breathes.
I’m listening.
Sherlock nods twice, sharp and serious.
a constant rush of need for
Can we meet somewhere later today? Maybe dinner?
“You’ll let me know?”
"No." And then, "Yes."
“So,” he forces himself to say without having anything else to add, and he glances at Sherlock only to find him frowning even more than before. They stare at each other for a long moment, still holding hands and yet John can’t remember feeling so lost. He opens his mouth a few times, words forming in his throat without ever breaching his lips, and he finally gives up with a loud sigh, “I’ve made it awkward.”
“Yeah,” John replies, tongue darting out to wet his lower lips. “Yeah, ok.”
“I don’t need you here, John. I managed just fine without you until now,” Sherlock snaps, abandoning the dishes in the sink and walking toward the garden.
Am I building barriers again?
"Beautiful," he breathes. "Absolutely beautiful."
. Not when Sherlock has started to laugh again, truly laugh, head thrown back and wrinkles crinkling around his eyes. Not when they were sharing comfortable silences again, filled with all the words John isn’t ready to speak out loud and yet surrounding them as the seconds tick by. He can't back away now, won't allow himself to doubt everything once more.
when I’m back.
John glances at Sherlock, impressed. “You made a reservation?”
worry. Alright?
Of course you don’t. We can forget about this, if that’s what you want.
(See the end of the chapter for
something quick
Sherlock gives him a sharp nod, saying “I’m taking Toby with me” before turning his back to him again and disappearing down the hall.
“Angelo didn’t place a candle on the table this time.”
A middle-aged women opens, greeting them both with a warm smile.
“You’re the one being obtuse here.”
That first night, as John exhales loudly above him, Sherlock’s lips finds that spot over and over again.
prepare myself. So
Unable to suppress a wave of relief, John finds himself now expecting impatiently Sherlock’s footsteps up. He’s been sleeping for the last four nights and there’s a high chance he’ll soon decide sleep is boring again, but not tonight apparently. John doesn’t give any sign of being awake when Sherlock joins him, keeping the lights off and getting into bed almost too quietly.
“I’ll be right there,” John says, going to the bathroom and making quick work of his own routine.
Yes. I’ve always wanted
Sherlock shrugged and made his way to the door. He closed it slowly, whispering his goodbye before walking away.
. Heart sinking, he takes a step back but then notices the two different marks on John’s neck, men, plural, trying to make him his.
) It was just…
“But you want this too right?” Sherlock asks, eyes searching his.
He can’t start to back away now. Not when he has been touching Sherlock again, just like
He doesn't look away, daring to hold Sherlock's studying stare.
Repressing a smile, John holds on tighter to the hand Sherlock had insisted he didn’t need to open the door. He lets his eyes flutter closed for a second, focusing on the memory of Sherlock’s lips against his own not a minute ago, and finding that he’d rather like to be kissing him again right now than waiting for a bloody door to open.
He shoves it in his pocket and heads back for the kitchen, placing Rosie in her chair and, finally, making himself busy. “Alright, what’s for you this morning?”
The second time I thought about kissing you was two days later. The third a few hours after. Then, I’ve stopped counting. The fact is, Sherlock, I don’t think there has been a day where I haven’t thought about pressing my lips to yours. Not one. Including the two years I believed you dead. Some days, I couldn’t focus on anything else. It was all I could bring myself to think about, looking at you sitting in your chair, lying on the sofa or kneeling at a crime scene, and all I could do was wonder what our first kiss would taste like.
“Mm,” we sit perched on the couch, huddled together over John’s laptop.  I watch now as he scrolls through photos of Mary, hair long and dark, face bright and youthful.
is what he’d said.
John lies on the lush grass of their new back garden, staring up at the sky as the sun begins its slow descent, casting a warm glow over the expanse of flowers and trees that surround him.  He breathes in the mingling scent of sweet peas and hydrangeas, closing his eyes for a moment to fully appreciate what he now has.
on the back in black ink.  It had appeared under her door the day after Holmes' death.  Pulling her mobile from her pocket, she wavers for only a moment before dialing.  The posh voice that picks up sounds wide awake, despite the ungodly hour.
“Surreal,”  Is what slips out.  He opens his eyes to find her watching him curiously.  “I can hardly believe it, Molly,”  She gives him an understanding smile, then lies down beside him.
his mind supplies—can give you.
“All right,”  John mutters, cracking open one eye to peer blearily up at him.  “I’m up,” He adds, smile widening.  Satisfied, Sherlock falls back to lie beside him, dragging him over to spoon up against his chest.
Hands still slippery with shampoo, I slide one down his torso and take his erection in hand.  The other snakes down between his cheeks to massage lightly along the crack. He breathes out a long moan and leans back against my chest, pinning my arm between us.  I stroke along his shaft, torturously slow, as my fingers continue caressing the sensitive skin along his arse. My strokes gradually increase until I’m feverishly tugging, John whining and groaning beneath my fingers.  My wrist flying, jerking, grip tightening, I feel him begin to unravel. I stall the slow slide of my fingers between his cheeks, pause--searching--and then push--
“No, actually.  Mummy mentioned that he’s been in Germany when she called last week,”  I take a moment to feel sorry for the population of Berlin. “God only knows what he’s up to.”  He’s actually been considerably more tolerable in the last few years—since the events our sister thrust upon us and her subsequent death.  It had clearly affected him as much as it had me, but he had no one to help him keep his head above water, as John had done for me.  I saw him occasionally during that time, but we didn’t speak much of Eurus. We’re kinder to each other these days, but still haven’t found a way to set aside our decades of disdain entirely.
I carefully extricate myself and roll out of bed, following Rosie into the kitchen.  She clambers up into a chair at the table, where she already has her colouring supplies set up.  So independent, just like her parents. Luckily she’s got more of John in her than Mary—sensible and loyal.  I start a pot of coffee and gather the supplies to make omelets. She’ll consume anything involving eggs and cheese.  I watch her carefully colouring—almost within the lines—and smile.
I attempted to interview the staff, to no avail.  They either truly have no information on who chartered this flight or they’ve mastered their collective poker face.  No data to be gleaned. I haven’t managed to learn a thing about our questionable client in the past couple of days, and we’re no less in the dark about this case.  We did question whether we were simply being sent to our death by getting on this plane, but in the end decided that it’s quite unlikely. There are much less expensive ways to eliminate us.
“I can feel it,”  She looks at John, then back to meet my questioning gaze.  “Her absence. Wouldn’t you?”
Monika song got a lot of play while I was writing this.  It brings up feelings I've had throughout my life of deep human connection and profound loss.  It helped me to imagine what both of these characters would have gone through, after finally finding someone who really sees them and then losing them in such a traumatic way.  And then, somehow, finding them again.
Something he was capable of when he couldn’t manage much else.  He hasn’t touched the blog.  That was an ode to Sherlock, a record of their time together.  Whatever this is, it isn’t something to be broadcast to the world.  Instead, he’d opened a Word document, left it untitled, hidden it three folders deep on his desktop—despite the fact that there’s no one around to find it—and visited it often throughout this isolated hell he's been living.
But then the absolute prick went and died—
as he’d said—to bring me around.  But it still breaks my heart—intensifies that persistent ache—when I think of how long it took me to really
on the sixth.  Each time since has been met with an exasperated eye roll.  I know that he’s right. Henry doesn’t strike me as the most skillful actor, and if Hal suspects even slightly that he failed at spiking our coffee, he may be in serious trouble.  And so, here we are—waltzing through the doors of the nearly empty bar on a Monday evening.
“That’s why you haven’t been cashing my checks.  I thought—why would he do that?”  A crease has appeared between his brows.  He drops back down into the chair, gaze drifting to the side, seemingly lost in thought.
“Hi,”  She smiles at John and me, then fixes Rosie with her gaze.  “Ready to go?” Rosie throws us a quick goodbye, then runs off to fetch her trainers.  “What’s this I hear about you two, then?” Molly asks, voice hushed. “Are those idiots only messing with me?”  I roll my eyes. Honestly.
He’d love to blame it all on that greasy haired, scraggle bearded, incompetant bloody meddling, useless imbecile and the four bloody shots he’d lined up in front of John and him both.  He’d absolutely love to say that this wasn’t on him, this situation that will surely be the end of him—
“John,” We’re sitting at the kitchen table, each perusing a section of this morning’s paper.  Rosie’s back at school during the day now—the summer holidays have ended at last. We’ve had one case after another in the past two weeks since they moved back to Baker Street—a series of (still unsolved) murders that seem to be linked—and I believe Rosie was beginning to wear Mrs. Hudson out.
We shuffle furniture out of the way, rolling the carpet up as we gradually reveal the original floor.  When we’ve reached the edge of the room and have yet to uncover a trap door, I stand, hands on hips, and scan my eyes across the wood.  Where did I go wrong? I was certain that this is the answer. I pace the room, stopping to shift my weight on different areas of the floor.  Testing. Listening. Solid. Until--
to realize there was something between you?  Bullshit,” Danny had evidently told the rest of them that our long-term romance was a ruse for the case—and they’ve wasted no time asking us about it.  I roll my eyes. It certainly hadn’t taken me twelve years to realize, but what can I say? It took me that long to speak up. It took John even longer.
“Sherlock, I—”
We sit side by side in our little car—John behind the wheel once more—cruising down a hill toward town.  We’d had a brief, uncomfortable conversation about how this will go now that we’re officially playing partners, and decided that we won’t need to do much beyond having our story straight.
bringing John’s hand up to his lips briefly before letting go.
that if she’d seen his name on the screen—a friend, an ally, reaching out—
He isn’t sure how much time has passed—knows only that he’s been drifting in and out of sleep.  At some point Sherlock seems to have tidied them up and fused himself to John’s side, head on John’s chest, fingers dancing through the hairs on his belly.  John lifts his head just enough to press a kiss to his temple.  A greeting, of sorts.
(See the end of the chapter for
“And?”
I watch him rise out of the well of thought he was submerged in.  He turns his head toward me against the cushion. I mirror him, our faces close.  “Everything that’s happened—all of this,” I wave my hand vaguely toward the laptop. “We can talk about it, if you like.  You know that, I think. But I fear that you’re afraid it’ll hurt me, to hear about her. To hear that her death has been difficult for you.”
Instead, he’s stuck curled up and sulking on the sofa, where he’s remained all morning and well into the afternoon.  The sun never once made an appearance, but his internal clock tells him it’s half eight or thereabouts.  He will momentarily have some form of relatively healthful takeaway
home and leaving you here while I put up a plastic bloody tree,”  John warns, shivering in the frigid December morning as Sherlock stops abruptly and turns to stare back at him.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Glad you boys could make it!  Come in, grab a drink,” Ben says enthusiastically, nodding toward the house.  “Hugo and Danny just got here. You’ll like them, they’re an easygoing sort, you know?”  I don’t, really. I wouldn’t call anyone in my life
Of course he bloody is.
Sherlock smirks, then deftly pops the cap off his bottle and repockets the lighter.
“I’m so sorry,” He sobs into my neck, arms squeezing firmly around my waist.  “God, I’m an idiot. I’m so sorry, Sherlock. Christ.”
“Hello,”  Rosie says a bit shyly, dragging her gaze away from the telly where she’s been watching some claymation holiday programme from the seventies.  She lights up when she sees the frankly massive bag of gifts that Harry has in tow.  “Are they for me?”  John rolls his eyes.  It had taken a few visits for Rosie to warm up to Harry.  They hadn’t spent much time together until this year.  But things are better now.  For Harry and for the rest of them.  And Harry had learned early on that if she brought presents, she could simply bribe her way into Rosie’s heart.
We spend the day lazing about the cottage—John with his nose in a book and my own eyes glued to my laptop.  There’s little we can do to move forward with the case. Infuriatingly, we need to spend more time with Hal before that will change—and we’ve decided to take a day off from his agonizing aura.  And so the hours tick by, searching fruitlessly for any record of an experimental drug that resembles our sample. It’s exhausting—frustrating—sifting endlessly through records and research archives, only to come up empty handed.
has been slowly rising to the surface over the past week.  He doesn’t know what’s changed.  Or he
“I’ve been abroad,”  He doesn’t elaborate, and I don’t ask.  I know better.
He slides an arm around Sherlock’s waist, pulling him closer and pressing his lips briefly to the crown of his head.  His thoughts drift to what he should make for dinner, to Harry’s upcoming birthday and what they should give her—the basic day-to-day necessities that these two humans rely on him to remember.
“You hum it every bloody time you bustle about the flat
His eyes are warm, open.
“Oh, John,”  Sherlock is quiet.  Very quiet.  He hasn’t looked up from the paperwork, but it seems he’s got the gist of it.  John clears his throat, tries to reign in his emotions yet again.
I’m suddenly
Once we’ve finished eating, things begin to feel a bit strange between John and I.  We’ve been distracted by Rosie for the past couple of hours, but now she’s fallen asleep, tucked up against John’s side.  We sit in silence, sipping tea, occasionally glancing at one another. Today has been odd. I believe that we actually went ahead and decided to venture into the unknown together, but our vague conversation on the train didn’t give me much to go on.  I’m in uncharted waters here, and it is
succeed, with me—although I have a feeling I wasn’t his intended target,”  His hand moves to the small of my back, pulling me closer. “Henry has made it clear to us that Hal is a violent, vengeful, manipulative man.  We’ve known him all of a week and we’ve already seen some of that. What if he suspects you’re on to him? What if you piss him off? We can’t create a situation where he has a chance to hurt you.  We’ll find another way,” I suspect John can’t help but consider the many times I’ve run off without him. It never does seem to end well, in situations such as this—a memorable example being the day I found myself alone with Moriarty and was forced to jump from a rooftop and disappear for several years.  His concern is genuine, and I love him for it.
“Has he been identified?”
He says nothing, just strips to his pants and climbs in.  I had planned on being stubbornly solitary. Isolating myself on the far side of the bed.  He places one hand on my back. A reminder.
John has spent the last ten minutes sitting cross-legged on the window seat, leaning against a bookshelf and watching contentedly as Sherlock and Rosie make their way around the room, studying each bird artfully represented in pigment.  Sherlock dutifully supplies her with the common name, scientific name and a string of facts about each species they encounter.  He’s certain that Rosie is comprehending none of it—that she simply loves the sound of his voice and the feeling of being the sole recipient of his attention.  John knows that feeling well.
“You don’t think Molly will be upset?”
“John, what is this?  What’s happened?” My arms are lying useless at my sides, so I twist them up behind his shoulders to cup my hands around his nape.  I lean back within the circle of his arms to look at him. He’s turned away, won’t meet my eyes. I slide my hands up, holding his head gently between them.  Thumbs brushing his temples and my fingers tracing slowly through his soft hair. I tilt his head back slightly, forcing him to meet my eyes. “Tell me, John.”
“On a permanent basis.  Or if you’d prefer separate rooms,”  Sherlock rolls his eyes, then narrows them infinitesimally.  “It’s fine either way,” John rushes to add.  “Of course it is.  I’d just like to know.”
Sherlock intends to.
“Let me get this straight,”  Ben sits across from me, brow furrowed, in the booth all six of us have managed to squeeze into.  We’ve found ourselves trapped, being questioned over breakfast in this packed diner that they've insisted on visiting.  “It took you
“Starving.” The grin widens.  “Shall we go out?” I’m surprised at the suggestion.  The events of today have been world-shattering for John.  He’s been issued a demand to grieve a woman he’s just learned he never really knew.  Outside of our little cocoon, I’m afraid it’ll all catch up with him. And aside from that, we still don’t know if he’s being targeted.  Not enough data. I want to keep him safe, keep him physically and emotionally whole. He must see all this on my face. Ever-observant of emotion, my John.  “Sherlock,” he begins. “I haven’t forgotten everything that’s happened today. I’m going to have to deal with it all very soon. Right now, though, I'm going to focus on the best thing that’s ever happened to me—that’s you, you bleeding idiot—and I’d like to take you out.” He’s smiling. “Besides, you know Mycroft assigned us a security detail hours ago.  They’ve been outside.”
“Yes.”
✕ Eight (8) asstd. women’s undergarments
“I know.  So am I. I should have seen--I thought maybe a pint or two would calm you down.  I should have realized.” He’s not done yet. I see the gears turning as he searches for the words.  “Do you think--was it just the usual? The way you get on a case?” Perhaps. But he’s right that adding alcohol was a colossal mistake.  “You’d tell me if there was something else on your mind, right?” Would I? I think I would. Is there? Not sure. Aside from the panic that rises, uninvited, on a regular basis these days.  Are the two things related? Manic panic? Now I’m just being facetious. This really isn’t a joke.
He was quick to dismiss John’s gentle probing into his nonexistent love life when they’d first met.  He’d told him flat out that he didn’t partake in such things, that it was a ridiculous waste of time.  He’d told him in their first week as flatmates that he doesn’t believe in sentiment, doesn’t need it, doesn’t seek it out.  And that was true, at the time.
We sit in silence for quite a long while.  Each lost in our own maudlin minds. Eventually, he stands.
this feels good.  This startling intimacy, the relief and the novelty and the newness mixed with an aching familiarity.  This is John.  This is
“It’s a Land Rover, John,”  Sherlock huffs, eyebrows raised.  “A restored 1992 Defender in Coniston Green.  Idiotic name for a colour—Coniston isn’t any greener than the rest of England—but I quite like it.  It was my father’s, and I had it, you know—”  He flaps his hand carelessly toward the vehicle.  “Fixed up.  You can take it to the shops, or—wherever it is that you go when you’re not in my presence.  But this isn’t what I wanted to show you,”  He smirks, tugging on John’s hand and leading them toward the lone door on the back wall.
bloody brain, unbidden, swamping his suddenly alert senses with every ounce of the data that he should have been well aware of by now.
“What about—I mean surely there were—cuddles—or, I don’t know—”
“It went well,” Sherlock rumbles, never opening his eyes, never otherwise acknowledging John’s sudden presence at his side.  There’s a hint of resigned bitterness in his tone, making it brittle and a bit startling.  John stares at him, bemused, drinking him in, stealing this opportunity to bask in the beginnings of an unprecedented transparency that’s been developing between them.  They’ve had a few close calls in the year they’ve known one another, most of them occurring in the last month or so.  A few terrible reminders that all this could be stolen from them before they even realize what’s happened.
anything.  Their assumptions, no doubt, are far from the truth.  I shrug.
Workload aside, Greg still hasn’t managed to be anything but angry with the man for what he’s done.  Angry and bloody guilty.  His mind can’t help but return—over and over again, a hundred times a day—to how badly he himself had buggered it all up.  Sherlock was not a fraud.  He knew it.  He knows it.  Why did he go along with it?  Something about the entire thing doesn’t sit well with him—he feels as though he’s missing some crucial element that would explain the entire catastrophe.
I glance over at John, sitting directly to my right, and watch him laughing with Harry and Molly, wildly gesturing with his hands as he tells them of one of our more eccentric clients and her lost tiara.  They’re both snorting with laughter, completely engrossed in his charming narrative. He’s magnetic. I smile and slide my hand across his shoulders. He turns to me, beaming, then leans against my side and continues his saga.
likely.  He had already decided to, although I didn’t know it at the time.
Heat now dominating my senses, I break away and take his hand.  Glancing around the room, my eyes land on the stairwell and without hesitation, I drag him through the door.
“This is nice,” John says, still one to state the obvious, despite the years of snark he’s endured as a result of such statements.  Sherlock says nothing, but gives him an amused look over his glass, lowering it to reveal a small, fond smile.  John stares helplessly at his wine-stained lips, fighting the urge to taste them, to express his current contentment physically.  He’s always been better with actions than words.
“You never saw her again,”  I didn’t. She had quickly grown bored of her plans of seduction once we’d actually begun a conversation.  There was nothing there, on either end. It was obvious, even through our texts. Our entire acquaintanceship had consisted of unanswered dinner invitations with sexual undertones that neither of us had actually felt.  She’s
“Perfect,”  he says, as we exit the car.  I linger for a moment—not entirely convinced that we should ingest anything that’s been in this building—but John just grabs my hand and drags me through the door.  We’re led to a large patio out back, and I’m instantly a bit stunned by the view. Rolling hills, as far as the eye can see—distant vineyards and buildings in miniature scattered across the landscape.  It’s all a bit overwhelming. There’s no one else here—we’ve got this corner of the world to ourselves—and as soon as the hostess disappears inside, John turns to me. “Sherlock,” He says quietly, placing his palms flat against my abdomen.  I feel the warmth of his skin through my thin cotton t-shirt, and my heart immediately begins to race. “I’ve been reminded today—I—I’ve been missing this. I’m not sure I realized how much. Even just sitting around a lab with you—” He pauses, slides his hands to my waist.  “I want that back,” His expression is fierce, as if he needs to convince himself that it’s true. “When we get home—whatever I have to do. I want it back,” Of course he can have it back. Why shouldn’t he? I still don’t understand why he walked away from the work in the first place.
“Sit down,” Sherlock offers, pointing to the sofa on his way back to the table.
He plucked a few things from his bag, mainly some new underwear and a jeans. There would be toiletries supplied by the hotel and either way he was used to the bare basics. He didn’t even think about grabbing a shirt when he entered the bathroom. Neither did it come to his mind as he showered, enjoying the spray of the hot water, the nice bathroom around himself and the blessed absence of hurry.
Also, this story is about to earn the explicit rating from now on, so there's that!
felt like all those years
"I already told you," John smiles, "I don't mind."
“I guess I should go get my bags back.” John finally declared, his eyes crossing Sherlock’s for less than a second. “It was nice meeting you, Sherlock Holmes.”
“I want to show you something,” Sherlock says, looking at him with a small, private smile. “And I’d figured we could take advantage of my parents fussing over Rosie to have some time of our own.”
John nods slowly, “The moment I noticed you, I couldn’t stop myself. Someone was trying to get closer, to dance with you, but you had your eyes closed and he wasn’t sure, but when he reached for you and you pushed him back, I knew I couldn’t just stand there and wait for the one that you wouldn’t push away.”
John shakes his head, voice trembling, "How long has he been living here?"
XX67: Yes.
Bracing himself for more Victor, John reminds himself that Sherlock is absolutely free to have all the friends he want. He has nothing to say on the matter, no right to object. If Victor Trevor is going to be part of Sherlock’s life again, then John is going to welcome him in too.
“I want..” Sherlock began before stopping. He breathed out slowly before staring right into John’s eyes. “I want to see you.”
Sherlock moans, tilting his head back and panting, “Only important questions then.”
The smile John gives him makes his heart miss a beat. “I’ll call you?” Sherlock nods before frowning when John takes a step backward. “Goodnight, then.”
John licks his lips. He can't help the light laughter that escapes him.
co.uk
Sherlock's eyes drop to his chest, "I believe it'll be easier if we undress."
Their mixed scent was still settled deeply in the sheets and Sherlock knew it would take him hours to fall asleep.
I meant what I said,
“Yes.” Sherlock replied briskly, wrapping his mind around John’s still friendly behavior.
One of John’s hand find his chest, forcing Sherlock’s eyes back to his, and they stare at each other for a long moment, silence settling between them again. Sherlock keeps all he still has to say to himself, letting John’s fingers begin to trace patterns, from his navel to his sternum, slowly moving up and down without ever going further. Sherlock wonders if John has thought of this too, about what it’d feel like to let their skin discover each other.
“That’s perfect,” he says, moving to the window overlooking the garden.
“There,” he says, and Sherlock has to close his eyes again, fearing it might already be too much.
“You know John?”
XX32: Good.
"I should have said so when I first realised I couldn't spend another day without you," John continues, shifting ever closer.
“So,” Tom finally says, a bright grin on his lips. “I haven’t seen you in a while. Any changes in our quest?”
“Good, good, thank you. Have you seen Rosie?”
"Fuck," John moans, closing his eyes as he continues to push in. "You feel amazing."
“-and my sister never recovered.”
“Yes,” John breathes out, “But it would have it even better, that much is certain.”
“Yes,” Sherlock finally breathes out, his answer hanging in the air like a promise. “Let’s do that.”
“Actually, I was thinking we could share body heat.”
"I told you to shut the fuck up!" John yells directly into his ear, anger boiling.
“Left side,” he says, not quite a question.
He wakes up again to the sound of violin being played downstairs. He doesn’t open his eyes just yet, chasing the ghost of Sherlock’s body against his. Having no idea how long he ended up sleeping, John figures just a few minutes more won’t hurt. He rolls to his stomach, looking for Sherlock’s pillow but finding that it doesn’t compare to thick, deep curls. Still, the fantasy of this morning lives on just a little longer.
“That’s not the quest-”
Sherlock searches his face quickly, “Are you?”
"We can wai-"
"But," John continues, his breath warm against Sherlock's lips, "I won't mind because I'll only have to search for you and know I don't have to keep it all inside anymore."
Panic flows through Sherlock’s body, his every sense on alert and his breathing coming to an entire stop.
“Not very interesting,” Sherlock replies, leaning a bit closer.
Are you?
Mycroft remains silent for a long moment, and John considers going directly to his office and demanding to see the files Mycroft most likely has on this Matthew.
He can do nothing else but hold on, fingers leaving marks on John’s shoulder for certain. Pleasure seems to last forever, John rocking into him a few more time before he’s spilling inside him, crying out Sherlock’s name. Sherlock gathers him into his arms, finding that all of John is shaking now. He kisses his temple softly, hands roaming over his back. He doesn’t say anything when John holds him a bit harder, nor when he feels something wet against his shoulder.
“Good, good,” John says, looking at the front door and breathing in deeply before raising his hand to the door, not yet knocking.
“Great idea,” Violet exclaims. “I’m sure Rosie would love to see your old treehouse, Sherlock.”
John looks towards the bedroom as he says, “Tomorrow?”
“But, what I can tell you, is that I really was trying to find out if you were single during diner at Angelo’s, and that your reaction made me suddenly very well aware that I could never be an interest to you. So I panicked and made a fool of myself I’m certain.” John takes a deep breath, looking down at his place. “And yet, I spent the next hours trying to decide whether I should kiss you or not, because I really, really wanted to and there were moments when I thought you might not mind if I did.”
John growled, “Bed!” He didn’t even let Sherlock act for himself but just picked him up from against the door. For a moment he was startled by the lack of weight. Sherlock was a lot lighter than he had expected but he didn’t comment on it,  just pushed him down on the bed. The sheets were already crumpling up around them. So John simply pulled the duvet off the rest of the way when he crawled over Sherlock. He pressed their lips together with one hand already sliding its way underneath annoying fabric onto smooth skin.
“Yes,” Sherlock replies, sounding just a bit softer. “I bought them after I moved in.”
“Body heat,” John repeats, looking everywhere but at him. “It seems like the most efficient way of warming up. I’m sure you know perfectly well how it works.”
John is the one to pull them up, not letting go of his hand for single second, and Sherlock breathes out deeply. “Come on,” John says, smiling lines around his eyes. “Your bees are waiting.”
4) Because I could have done something else. Almost did, actually, and I’m ever so grateful I didn’t now. Another thing you should know, that I’ve kept to myself when I should have been seeking help. When… when you were gone, exactly forty-six days after you jumped, I sat in our living room and stared at my gun for an entire afternoon. It seemed like the simplest solution at the time, and yet the hardest one, too. I had nothing, Sherlock, absolutely nothing. I was living on automatic, having nothing, noone to come home too, not a single idea of what to do the day after, and the one after that, and the one after… I don’t know what made me put the gun away in the end, and it’s probably thanks to Mary that I never took it out again. So she did that at least - kept me alive long enough for you to come back.
“Not sure he thanked us the last time we earned him a meeting with his superior,” John points out, pushing the TV back against the wall.
Right?
Sherlock nods quickly, eyes wide.
“You must never be bored,” John says, still smiling, and Sherlock can’t help but wonder if he can manage to make him smile for the entire date.
XX67: (
John scoots closer, circling Sherlock's waist with both arms, "Yeah, I did."
Sherlock shakes his head, taking the final step that still separates them and whispering almost directly against John's lips, "I wasn't dancing, John, I was working a case."
“If you’re that repulsed by the idea, we can just tell them and be done with it,” Sherlock practically spat out, getting to his feet and walking to open the window.
Another ten seconds pass before Stamford digs into his pocket for his phone, keeping his questions to himself and Sherlock silently thanks him. He always liked this about Stamford, his ability to stop talking when he knew he wouldn’t get an answer. Barely two minutes after pushing the door open, Sherlock leaves with John’s number in his phone and his head spinning just a little. He waits until he’s outside to inhale deeply, his fingers still closed around his phone. He stares down at it, heart pounding as he unlocks it and opens a new message.
“I won’t,” Sherlock replies, eyes falling shut.
“Oh,” Sherlock breathes, realising he must have ended up locking himself in his mind palace after all. “You said you’ll be quick.”
, John realises, not sure to understand why yet.
Sherlock’s eyes snap back open at the word, and he finds himself staring at an apparently still dazzled John. He estimates his window of escape to be only a few seconds, and takes advantage of them to memorize the lines on John’s face, eyes still closed and his breath short. He wonders for just a moment if he shouldn’t just drag John out of here and let whatever
“So?” He asks, eyes meeting his for the briefest of seconds.
XX32: I always knew you were a romantic.
“I said stop,” John breathes, closing his eyes and inhaling deeply. “Just stop.” He lets the silence surrounding him fill his mind again, his breathing slowing and his head spinning just a little less. It’s packed now. He can’t back up, can’t pretend he hasn’t been thinking about leaving this town too full of memories and start new. He can’t do this anymore, can’t fool himself and let time take all he ever wanted from him. Rosie would be the one pushing him out the door if she was here, and John can’t help but smile at the thought. She’s been begging him to leave for weeks, to finally get a grip on himself and do things right. As if it was that easy, John had replied, closing the discussion once again but his energy to fight the inevitable growing weaker.
It was only two hours later that Sherlock found himself in front of yet another gate. He sat in one of the chair and unlocked his phone, texting Lestrade about his return. The DI would probably want to see him right away and Sherlock actually looked forward to explaining everything.
“John, wait.”
“I’ll bring it upstairs,” John continues, “and after I showered too, we can continue our conversation?”
John laughs in return, "You did."
But then, as Sherlock turned around and came to face the owner’s voice, he only managed to reply:
I hated being part of making it happen. I hated being by your side. I hated playing that song for all of those people. I hated watching you dance with her. I hated giving that speech for all that was left unsaid, all that was to be read between the lines. I hated that the only pleasure I took was from solving the case because for just a second, it wasn’t your wedding anymore, for just a second, I forgot where I was. I hated that you laughed and smiled and held and kissed her. I hated your vows and your shaking hands when you took hers. I hated that I couldn’t control this
“I don’t understand,” Quentin says, taking a step toward him. “You never said anyth-”
“Enjoy your lunch, Tom.”
“John!” Sherlock cried out loudly, an edge of desperation in his voice that just made John want to take him apart even more.
“She’s finally asleep.”
for too long.
live with him at the same time. Sherlock, of course, had been more than pleased, and in the past few days, they had moved all of John’s belongings to 221B once more. John only feared the first nights with Rosie having to sleep in a new room, but he’s certain she’ll get used to her new environment pretty soon - Sherlock deduced so, even.
John swallows with difficulty, "Yes, I know."
Without giving him time to reply Greg hangs up, and John can’t help but laugh as he walks to the door and greets the way too cheerful DI behind it, “Good morning!”
“Especially with a mind like yours,” John adds.
Sherlock stares back at him for a moment, and John marvels at the sight of a faint blush spreading to his neck and cheeks. He promptly looks away, not sure yet on how Sherlock will react to any of this.
“God, yes,” John moans. “For so long.”
John frowns, “A friend?”
Sherlock looks away at the words, "I might have been trying to make you jealous."
Sherlock clears his throat, "You can do it."
Sherlock closed his eyes. He wanted to laugh and turn around to kiss the man. But instead he took a deep breath, turned slowly and was greeted by another of John’s radiant smile. Sherlock felt his own lips stretch into a smile, none of them talking or even moving for a long moment. Sherlock realised how stupid he had been believing he could forget about John Watson. Not when the man was once again proving how brave he could be just by risking his chance with him, after Sherlock had left like a thief in the early morning because he hadn’t had the courage to face him.
And here comes Rosie!
John shakes his head fondly, finding it hard to keep their mouths apart. "A killer?" Sherlock nods slowly, hands tightening around John's costume. "Are you being careful?"
John glances back at Mrs Hudson, reading in her eyes just how desperate he must sound like, "I can't just do nothing. I need be certain, need to make sure he's..."
“Why are you here?” Sherlock asks eventually, not having touched his coffee.
“Quentin agreed to meet at their flat,” Sherlock says on their way out. “If Timothy really disappeared, his bedroom is a good place to start.”
He turns back to close the glass doors in the kitchen, remembering to get his phone upstairs before letting Toby out for his daily walk. With the closest house three miles away, Sherlock doesn’t have to worry about leashes, and Toby is already happily running ahead of him when Sherlock closes the front door. He checks his phone quickly in case Montgomery has replied, but his lock screen is empty except for the most recent photo Rosie sent him of her on campus. He smiles, thinking about her call two days ago and remembers her voice as she explains just how dull the lab’s mandatory schedules were. She seems to like boarding school a lot considering all the excited texts Sherlock receives regularly, and he’s glad she had found her way despite the nightmare that had been convincing John to let go.
“Ok, says hi to Pa’ for me,” she replies.
Why not?
John doesn’t reply but Sherlock can feel him relax a little. The music fades into the next one, quicker, louder, but John doesn’t change their rythme, holding tighter to his hand. Sherlock closes his own fingers around his shirt, struck once more by the pure need of bare skin, and the possibilities offered to him now making it hard to breath. He pulls away just enough to meet John’s eyes again, still looking amazed.
Goodnight.
(See the end of the chapter for
“In that case,” he nods them both goodbye, heading for bathroom.
Greg laughs, “Probably right, it’s become harder to read him - as if it was easy in the first place. Are the two of you still talking?”
“Hurry up, John!”
“When you woke up, it was already dark outside and you immediately burst out laughing at yourself. You asked me if I had performed experiments on you while you slept, but I could read on your face you knew perfectly well I wouldn’t have dared. I realised you knew me too well and that I didn’t mind, that I only wanted to hear you laugh again, and maybe even kiss the sound directly from your lips.”
Violet waves them goodbye at the door, waiting until they’re inside the car before closing it.
“I consider you my friend, John.”
“Yes, of course,” Sherlock smiles, stepping aside to let her in. “I’ll go fetch some.”
"Oh John," Mrs Hudson smiles, gathering him into her arms. "I knew it. Now I do hope the two of you will stop acting like idiots."
XX32: Yeah. Right. Noon, then?
“Why?”
Sherlock nods, not saying a word.
John bursts into laughter, quickly followed by Sherlock. He kisses him again, needing to taste it directly from his lips.
“I kissed you,” John breathes out slowly, the words ghosting against Sherlock’s lips.
Sherlock followed as John lead to the lift, the both of them walking far too close to each other. Sherlock smiled as their hands brushed against each other with every step and he didn’t step away when John almost leaned into his side in the elevator, both of them staring at the floor numbers passing by. Sherlock could almost feel all the tension hanging around them, John’s breath coming quicker and quicker as they approached their floor. They were out of the lift in seconds, John already taking out his key card and opening the door for him.
“Ready?” Lestrade asks, both hands on his shoulders.
“Of course,” John laughs. “What was it you wanted Tom?”
"Don't worry, she didn't tell me what the two of you talked about," John assures him, and Sherlock looks away again. "She thought it would help me understand that there are things I've been keeping to myself for years, and that it was about time I do something about it. So I want to do just that. Now. " John waits for any sign of discomfort or rejection from Sherlock. Their eyes meet for the briefest of seconds but all John catches is a glimpse of the bare fear in Sherlock's. Forcing himself to control his own fears, John finally lets it all out. "What I did to you is unforgivable. All that I've done to you. From the moment we met. I have issues, I know that now. I can't control my anger, well, couldn't. I've been working on it, every single day for the past six weeks."
At the end of the bed, two pairs of socked feet find each other.
John stops himself before thrusting into his hand, cursing under his breath. Sherlock looks up sharply at him, frowning, and John brushes their lips together, "This is amazing." Sherlock smiles back, trapping his lower lip between his own. And, god, John should have known he'd be brilliant at this too.
“I didn’t realised it would be harder to kiss you this way,” Sherlock says after a moment.
John checks that he isn't blushing as he manages to reply a weak, "Absolutely nothing."
The music is much too loud but John doesn’t mind. He had been dancing with a few lieutenants for most of the evening, enjoying the moment much more than he would have thought in the first place. Greg’s party was a well success considering even Sherlock seems to be having a good time. John had made sure to glance at him regularly while dancing, their eyes meeting for long seconds before breaking away. The thrill had never been more exciting.
I wanted to end this letter here, but now I’m finding myself thinking about jealousy again. Because you see, jealousy isn’t something I don’t care about or know about. I do know, quite a lot actually. So I’m going to say this despite knowing I shouldn’t,
Even now, as John is putting Rosie to sleep, I don’t know what I’m supposed to do when he comes back. Should I kiss him? We haven’t yet. Not today. Is he waiting for me to do it? For me to make the first move? Or has he changed his mind already?
“Look at that.” John murmured to himself “Perhaps now I get my chance to turn your head.”
10:32
“You should go before he starts pissing off the paramedics, soon no one is going to want to take care of him if he’s hurt.”
John frowns, having not expected Sherlock to bring the letter up so suddenly. He presses a soft kiss against his nape, holding him just a little tighter. “Only if that’s what you want, too.”
“With the years, I told myself that it was good that I didn’t kiss you,” he says, eyes fixed on Sherlock’s.
“Weren’t you supposed to meet Molly today?” John asks.
“Told you he wasn’t listening!” Montgomery exclaims, walking toward him with John. “We’ve been calling you for the past ten minutes!”
“You,” Sherlock replies.
As you can see, this letter is introducing the whole sexual aspect of this fic, so this is a little reminder that this fic will be an explicit one, just in case this isn't something some of you enjoy.
“Didn’t you say someone is going to come to get some honey too?”
“Slowly,” John breathes, lips descending to his jaw and neck. “Yes.”
Sherlock looks at him for a long second, “Thank you.”
“We still haven’t take care of your mattress,” he says, not looking up.
_________________________________________________________________________
“Sherlock, shhh,” John smiles, kissing him quiet. “There is absolutely nothing to be sorry for. You can’t plan everything, sometimes it just feels good to follow what your body wants.”
It takes a long second for Sherlock to understand what John just said, the words having rushed out his mouth so fast. And then, his own voice breaks as he says, “What?”
John stares, and stares some more, another laugh escaping him but the sound dies in his throat quickly when he notices Sherlock's thumb stroking Matthew's arm slowly. Not sure how much longer his legs will hold him, he instinctively sits on his chair, trying hard to remember how to breathe properly. "You're engaged?" he asks, eyes fixed on Sherlock.
“Impressive,” he comments.
He glances down, John’s erection still pressed against his thigh.
“Now I get to know,” Sherlock says, sounding all too serious as he cups John’s cock in his hand. “Perfect.”
“I…” John begins before swallowing back what he was about to say, and Sherlock wishes he could chase the words back with his own two lips. Another long moment passes without either of them moving, and when John’s lips turn into a small smile, Sherlock feels himself grow bolder. But John is chuckling softly as he says, “At least we’re not cold anymore.” and reality crushes back down Sherlock’s shoulders.
Sherlock.
Sherlock goes very still against him, and John actually fears for a moment that he has gone too far, but then Sherlock is pressing them tightly together, still very hard. "John," he says, out of breath before crashing their mouths together, and it takes all of John's self control not to properly roll on top of him. He tries to take control over the kiss, giving Sherlock what he wants without giving too much, and when they part, Sherlock's eyes are dark with desire.
Realising how much of an easy prey he must look like, sitting at a bar without a drink, Sherlock finally decides to get in there. He abandons his seat, focusing on the music only and goes to find a place in the middle of the mass. It’s always been easy to lock himself in his own head, even when surrounded by so many people, and right now, Sherlock is alone in this room, alone with the music. He takes his time, his body swaying slowly at first, letting the rhythm settle deep inside his chest before truly starting to dance. He keeps his eyes closed, arms and legs and waist following each beats.
“I know. I know.”
No, to prove I am indeed Sherlock Holmes, I’m going to talk to you about John.
“You have nothing to be afraid of. I don’t expect you to stop feeling like this right now, but I know you will. With time.” John smiles, reaching for Sherlock’s hand on the table. “I have no more doubts now. We are going to be brilliant together, no matter what happened before. You want to know why I’m so sure?” Sherlock nods, eyes roaming all over his face. “Because I never stopped thinking about kissing you since that night. I thought about kissing you all the bloody time, before and after you jumped, before and after Mary, before and after the I moved back. I have been so desperately in love with you all this time that I have not a single doubt I am going to make sure this works.”
John growled, the sound making Sherlock shiver before they were kissing again. Agreeing to share this room may in fact be the smartest thing Sherlock had ever done.
John lets his thumb stroke Sherlock’s hand softly, “Can you imagine the reactions when we’ll walk into a crime scene like that.”
“Sherlock,” John says, firm but smiling, “Stop worrying. I enjoyed this a lot, very much actually, and I would love to do just that again, right now in fact.”
He's not sure how long he remains there, eyes closed and the water making his skin redder and redder. It's only when Sherlock calls his name on the other side of the door that he remembers he can't just stand there, wondering what it would have been like to touch Sherlock in all the right ways at least once.
"To some of them, I hope, yes," John replies honestly. He brushes a curl off Sherlock's forehead, sighing. "I realise it's not the best timing, but I know for certain you're going to regret not spending more time with her. Especially to worry about something you really, really don't need to worry about." He leans in slowly, giving Sherlock plenty of time to pull away, and presses his lips to his forehead, lingering there for several seconds.
The two man start laughing, John getting up to walk Montgomery out, but Sherlock doesn’t move. He stares at the different plates on the table, reliving in the ordinary he had hated for so long.
“Then what do you want? What do I need to do?” John asks, an edge of desperation in his voice.
John exhales loudly. “Ready.”
“Stop,” Sherlock warns, already prepared to run away from this conversation at the first opportunity.
"Talking," Sherlock replies after a second, sounding all too in control when John still feels as if he could either explode or implode at any moment.
“Goodnight,” he murmurs, deciding this is how he’ll fall asleep every night from now on.
“Trust me,” John replies, barely standing on his feet, “I had no idea.”
“Goodnight,” Sherlock suddenly says, giving John yet another scared jump. “Sorry.”
“Yes,” Sherlock says immediately, “Yes, more than I ever imagined, really.”
John smiled softly and kissed him gently. “Bit of a romantic?”, he asked but didn’t really leave time for an answer as he claimed Sherlock’s lips again in an instant. After all he was a doctor, he didn’t need to see to know what he was doing. Carefully, as if Sherlock was a prized possession which could easily break in half if you touched him wrongly, John circled one slick finger around the puckered muscle. It was a simple act of persuading a few muscles to relax, nothing more. The first breach of his finger was punctuated with a soft whine. John stopped, making sure Sherlock eased into the sensation before he continued to prep him with one finger. He liked to used just one single digit for a  nearly torturous amount of time. It usually got his partner back into the game and Sherlock was no different. Soon he was writhing and pushing down.
Sherlock seems to think over the offer for a moment, the prospect of going shopping having absolutely no appeal, but still. He eventually shrugs, whispering a quiet, “Maybe,” and that’s enough for John to write ‘shopping’ down on Sherlock’s list.
John takes a deep breath, “What about we get it off our chest once and for all, talk about all the time we wished for this and then we try and forget about it.”
Darkness comes except from the splash of light of Sherlock’s phone. John listens to him typing for what could be hours or seconds, who cares really. Still, he’s not ready when it suddenly stops, complete darkness surrounding them. Sherlock settles down his back, the mattress moving with him, just as John’s body. Silence, again.
Lestrade just looks at him for a long moment, something close to pride or softness passing through his eyes, but Sherlock choses to ignore it for the moment. “This John is looking for you, just write something to let him know he found you.”
It looks like this story will have 63 chapters in total, so we’re approching this end....
"I liked yours a lot, as well," Sherlock says, blushing.
And so, sitting alone in 221B Baker Street, John learns to love silence all over again.
Sherlock’s entire body shiver, his voice so very deep now, “I don’t know.”
“All flights have been cancelled for the night.” The man replied, “So if you please, my office is this way.”
(See the end of the chapter for
John stares at him for a long second before laughing, “Well, I’m not. That was absolutely amazing, and I hope it was for you too.”
It takes a small eternity for Sherlock to turn around, just the time for John to know, to
something to eat?
I will try. But
"Too bad," the man sighs, not moving. "I don't know why I thought a halloween party in a club would be a good idea anyway."
“No you aren’t,” Sherlock replies, shaking his head. “You’d hate it.”
Sherlock stops dead, glaring at him, “If that’s all, you can go.”
rather than mine explaining
"Yes," John smiles, wondering just how often he must talk about Sherlock for her to already remember his name. "We haven't seen him in a long time, have we?" He continues, finally managing to slide her head into the dress. "He will be very happy to see your costume, you know.” He takes advantage of his daughter’s apparent fixation on his every word to brush her hair quickly. "He always said he hated halloween, but with a costume like yours, he won't be able to say no to trick or treat."
Sherlock laughs lightly, "I'm worried, Mycroft. Did it really take you that long to notice."
His body reacts first, pulling Sherlock more firmly against him and titling his head to the side so that he can deepen the kiss. Sherlock parts his lips immediately, a soft, longing moan echoing in the living room and John is walking him back toward the window without breaking them apart. Sherlock’s hands are already around his head when his back hits the window, and John forces himself to pull away for air. Panting against each other’s mouths, John tries to collect himself but then Sherlock’s lips are against his jaw, kissing so very softly, almost shyly, and there’s nothing John can’t do but give in. He slides one hand up Sherlock’s arm, shoulder, neck and finally hair, silently bringing their mouths back together.
10:18 Google Sussex, Yellow Garden address - Google search
"Why now?" Sherlock asks, the question having tempted him for too long.
Sherlock rolls his eyes, "Yes, you did."
“I want to know all of your secrets.”
Sherlock’s breath is now warm against his lips, and John isn’t sure he can focus long enough to say anything else at this point. He does his best to hold Sherlock’s studying eyes, and lets the feeling that had been developing all evening show as best as he can.
“You are staring,” Sherlock says, looking pleased.
Sherlock nods, "You had to notice. Tell me you noticed."
“Can we stay like this,” Sherlock asks, eyes closed. “Just for now.”
“I’m listening.”
“What?” John says, something close to a laugh escaping him, “Lying in bed completely clothed?”
02:35
Sherlock rolls his eyes but there is a smile on his lips and John kisses it with a passion he had never believed imaginable. They kiss lazily for a long moment, neither of them moving until Sherlock is canting his hips in a clear invitation. John guides himself blindly, massaging Sherlock's entrance with the head of his cock before beginning to push in slowly.
I wish I could tell you about the first time I thought about kissing or touching you. I wish it could be that simple, telling you how much it made me sick with want, watching you move around me and never being able to reach out. I wish I could tell you about all the times I stood outside your door, barely breathing and wondering what would happen if I just walked in. I wish I could tell you about all the times my body took over, all the times I took pleasure thinking about you and felt raw, guilty afterwards. But I can’t, John, because that would be ruining it, too, wouldn’t it? It isn’t normal to feel this way about someone else, to want to crawl inside their body and stay there forever.
“You already are making me feel all of this,” Sherlock says, lacing their fingers together. “And I am never, never letting you go, John.”
long. He can’t do this forever, can’t come back every now and then to Sherlock’s parents and have to do it all again. Act madly in love when he already is, act like a family when they already are.
“Humanly interesting?” He asks once they’re far enough, Sherlock only shrugging in response.
“It worked just fine when I was little,” Rosie says as a matter of fact.
“Sure, dear. Go ahead but don’t worry, he’s just being a child again.”
XX67: He’s not only writing from another universe, John, but from the future too. (
“Alright everyone, attention please!”
“Everything,” Sherlock replies, having no idea how to explain any of it. “You. Me.”
“So even if we already agreed I’m an idiot,” John continues, “I need you to know being with someone has never felt this intense before, and what we shared just hours ago already surpassed everything I’ve imagined.”
"Exactly," Sherlock replies, setting the painting down on the bed. "Call Montgomery, we're finished."
“No,” Sherlock corrects him quickly. “I’m a consulting detective, only one in the world. Whenever the Yard need help, they call me, which is often, as you can expect.”
Despite the early hour, the airport was already crowed. Sherlock made his way towards the reservation desk to ask for his new flight. The queue in front of the several desks made him sigh and he prepared himself for a long wait. He went over yesterday’s arrest and stored away the details he needed to remember, deleting the rest. He made sure not to think about John waking up to an empty room.
“It was you. It will always be you.”
John sighs, rubbing his hand gently against Rosie's leg, "I don't understand, babies usually love car rides." Rosie's criers a little harder at that, as if to prove him just how wrong he is, and John tries to shush her softly. "It's alright, sweetheart, we're almost there."
Another laugh escapes him, but the intense concentration in Sherlock's eyes forces John to fall silent. They don't say much for a long moment, Sherlock exploring all of him with some remarks here and there, and really, it shouldn't be that arousing. But John is now aching for more, his entire body shivering under Sherlock's touch, and when he's being pushed down onto his back, he can't help but moan Sherlock's name.
“There is nothing to be sorry about,” John murmurs, his breath warm against Sherlock’s face. “Absolutely nothing, my Sherlock.”
John searches for his lips, nuzzling their faces together, "Sure you don't."
Sherlock stares at him for a long moment, "There's something you need to understand, John. Fantasies are all I’ve have for years, but you are very real right now. And earlier at the club, feeling you desperate for me made me realise that all those fantasies weren't enough. When you take me to bed tonight, I believe that how they say, I don't want just friction and kissing."
“Yes, thank you.”
“Did you solve it, then?”
“I haven’t played in a while,” Sherlock replies.
This is the last chapter ! We hope you liked this story, were sure had a great time writing it together !
John rolls his eyes, “I know that, yes. But with your whole mind over transport thing, I thought maybe this wasn’t something you…. experienced.”
I know. I’ve missed it.
“I didn’t,” Sherlock says, looking back at him. “I wanted to upset you.”
“Well I don’t want you here talking about banalities,” Sherlock snaps, hating how John can still make all of him ache.
“Of course.”
In each universe, everything goes the same until… until that moment. So each Sherlock, each John felt the same, and so… And so it could have happened. I could have kissed John after we came back home. He could have kissed me.
“I wouldn’t say awkward,” Sherlock replies, the ghost of a smile on his lips.
Sherlock knows before he hears it that the sharp inhale of breath echoing in the room comes from him, “You…”
"Really?"
John holds his stare, searching Sherlock's eyes for any sign he might be lying but finding only determination and focus there. They both jump in surprise when Lestrade gets into the car, turning the engine on with a loud sigh. They drive in silence for a long moment, Lestrade talking over the radio to his officer.
Sherlock falls back silent as John lies down, waiting patiently until Sherlock rearranges himself on top of him. They stare at each other for what could be an eternity, and when John tentatively pulls Sherlock’s head for a kiss, he feels him tense just a little. He tries to make it go away with several tender kisses, but Sherlock’s eyes are shut tightly when he lets go, “What is it?”
“John,” Sherlock cries out, his movement getting more and more out of control. “John.”
“We’ll make time for the two of us,” John says. “We can asks you parents to keep Rosie tonight, go have a proper date. You said it yourself, they won’t mind.”
"I'm not even sure why I'm going," he says. "Why I'm even here."
And I just "can choose to ignore them" if I want to. He is an idiot? Am I an idiot in all those universes?
This other Sherlock…
John sighs again, giving up entirely on making her stop fussing, and turn back to sit properly on his seat. Sherlock's right, they're still far from their destination and with no break planned, Rosie will simply have to finally fall asleep. They had left early, hoping she will finish her night in the car, but she had apparently other plans entirely. Glancing at her in the mirror, John can't help but worry about their time away. She's not used to leave her home, and John can't help but think spending three nights at Sherlock's parent's is going to be difficult.
"Fine," Sherlock replies, not looking away from his phone.
Sherlock stopped and turned to face the soldier again, “I’m 21, so old enough to make my own decision and do what I want.”
Sherlock had barely managed to hold back his moan as John had switched their position, the mere thought of riding him making Sherlock shiver with anticipation. His eyes never leaving John’s, Sherlock took hold of John’s cock and positioned himself just above it. Biting down at his lower lip, Sherlock slowly bore down, making sure John could see his every emotion as he breached him. Sherlock wince slightly at first, the head of John’s cock hot and so very hard against his entrance. He placed one of his hand on John’s chest and continue to impale himself down on this gorgeous cock, stopping only when he felt John’s pubes brush his bare arse. His second hand gripped at John’s knee and Sherlock undulated his hips, getting used to the feeling. He continued to look down at John, taking in the way John licked his lips and the hunger in his eyes. He felt John’s hand coming to rest around his hips, his fingers digging into Sherlock’s skin and he understood the message quite clearly.
“Then I’ll just have to spend the night here,” Sherlock replies, the idea quite appealing now that John is back facing him. “I didn’t plan to sleep anyway.”
John closes his eyes, breathing out deeply, “I should go.”
have all the time in the
XX32: Can we- (
John’s thumb is stroking his palm again as he says, “What do you have planned for today?”
John sighs, a quiet sound that send shivers throughout Sherlock’s entire body, and lets go of his hand. “See you in a bit, then.”
“Why?” John asks in a whisper. “Why would you want to remember it all when it means we can never move past it?”
“Yes?”
Sherlock stares at the phone, teeth nipping at his lower lips, “Why didn’t you just use my phone?”
And so I should go
“Yes, I want that too.”
again.
09:36
I am too. But just be
I hope you'll like this chapter, I know you've all been waiting for it, and I promise that from now on, it's only going to be pure fluff!
“The suspect managed to escape us, but a new lead came up this morning and the Yard got him.”
"So you know preparation is important," John continues. "Very important. So no more slow is boring."
Three knocks on the door, “John? Are you awake?”
Sherlock resumed walking and smiled slightly when the stranger followed. He didn’t plan for any help at all in this case, but surely a military man craving adrenaline could be useful.
“I will. Bye, sweetheart,” John smiles, and he hears her own smile in her voice when she tells him goodbye before hanging up.
“Sir, sir,” the now alarmed woman says. “Don’t worry, I’m sure we can do something. What’s your brother’s name, and where was he supposed to go?”
Sherlock studies him for a long moment before saying, "Do we have the answers?"
John closes his eyes, breathing in deeply.
More movements, much closer now. Sherlock whispers to himself, having probably found what he’s looking for. John doesn’t recall any case, but surely Lestrade called with something new. He just needs to let Sherlock work it out a little first and then he’ll ask.
"I believe it's none of your concern," Sherlock replies, hating just how weak his voice sounds even to his own ears.
Mrs Hudson nods at him one last time before walking back towards the door, "John, don't give up too quickly, will you?" she calls softly. "You've always been special, you know that."
"Just look at the two of you," Rosie mocks gently, bumping John's shoulder while laughing. "I'm only here for the weekend, I have to go back Sunday afternoon."
He wakes slowly hours later, wondering at first what’s changed only to register the all too familiar scent imprinting the pillow his face is currently smashed in. He sits up straight too quickly, his head spinning just a little. Sherlock is nowhere to be found and so John allows himself to breathe out deeply.
for agreeing to come.
I really just wanted to write Rosie and Sherlock together, so it's really short, but I hope you liked it :)
I’ll be there.
It takes some more kissing before they can detach themselves from the other, John rolling to his back and making a quick work of undressing, using his shirt to clean himself. He throws it all on the floor, turning on his side right after to look back at Sherlock. As expected, the whole nakedness of him is absolutely breathtaking. For long minutes, neither of them say a word, silently discovering the other’s body with their eyes only. John tries not to think of the softness around his middle, nor the too many marks on his skin, but watching the amazement in Sherlock’s eyes makes him think he’s doing quite okay.
"It was almost too easy in the end, you know," Matthew says, his tone changing into something darker.
“Go to him, John.”
he said, as if knowing a secret John still hasn’t discovered. The time to get ready for the date comes quicker than expected, and suddenly, a bundle of stress begins to grow down John’s stomach. He takes a rather long time in the bathroom, pretending Sherlock hasn’t deduced why already. He goes through one two, three different shirts before picking one and then makes sure to put on his date shoes, glad to have taken them with him for the trip. He’s still isn’t sure why Sherlock called them so, probably because they are his fanciest, but John finds that if it proves Sherlock just how serious he is about it all, then he can call those shoes whatever he wants.
“The occasional texts, yes,” Sherlock replies, not commenting on John’s insistence on the subject and John thanks him silently. “And she came to visit once, with Kate.”
No reason at all.
So, yes, I know, it won’t be easy. And yes, there are things you’d like to keep to yourself; I lived them all too. But trust me, it will only feel
there’s still a lot we have
XX32: (
“What make you think he will not take his briefcase to the toilet ?” John asked, actually pointing out a possible flaw in his plan.
“Yes, alright,” John breathes in the limited space between them.
“Yes,” John moans.
John almost doesn’t grimace at the name, “Sure. When is he bringing that last paper?”
“Yes,” John replies, picking up his suitcase again and following Sherlock as he passes by him. “I still had the address you gave me. It’s a beautiful house.”
“Hold on to that fear,” Sherlock repeats softly.
Sherlock sits up, glancing down at him, "We're alright."
“Now, tell me your favorite memory of your teenage years,” Sherlock says.
XX32: Are you certain about this?
Sorry.
John doesn’t reply, not sure which words would come out of his mouth if he did, and Greg seems to get it. He turns to Rosie, asking her about her toy, and John thanks him silently. His eyes find his phone again, fingers drumming on the table. He only has to pick it up, just pick it up.
"Wait," John says after a moment, reaching blindly for the lube and pouring some on his hand. He straightens up a bit, staring down at the both of them and barely repressing a moan. "It'll be easier," he explains, lubing Sherlock's erection and getting the most sensual reaction out of him immediately. He chuckles, dropping some lube on his own cock, and Sherlock is quick to stroke him again.
“Not since, no. Dad mentions that he’s now living in Canada if I recall correctly.”
I’d rather stop now, their private affairs having to remain just that despite our close connection. I’ll explain the fourth universe in my next letter.
“I’ll need to see the accusation,” Sherlock replies. “Your files and all that could innocent you.”
"I didn't even think when I came to lie down here," Sherlock replies, closing his eyes. "I left you alone to deal with the dishes and Rosie and Mrs Hudson."
(020) XXXX XX32: Sherlock, it’s me. John, I mean. I (
Sherlock smirks, "Weren't you?"
“I want to fall asleep again like this,” Sherlock murmurs, closing his arms more firmly around John’s back.
Sherlock sighs deeply before saying, “I don’t know, it just doesn’t feel… I don’t know.”
“Together.”
John strokes a curl off his forehead, "Sherlock, I don't want you to worry about sex. We've both been thinking about this for quite a long time, and I'm certain it'll be brilliant, we'll be brilliant."
John shrugs, "I think tonight was a good start. Yeah?"
XX32: And there’s a letter for me? From another version of myself?
John holds his breath, keeping all the questions jostling inside his head silent.
“I’m glad they do,” Sherlock replies. “I should have more soon.”
WARNING for mention of drug use, violence and torture.
Sherlock frowns, trying to figure out what John could be talking about, and it only takes a slow roll of his hips for him to get it. “Oh,” Sherlock breathes, suddenly very much aware of his renewed arousal. “Didn’t we pass that earlier?”
“Nothing,” Sherlock says, turning to face away from the mirror.
Until I broke down one night and John pulled me back together. He didn’t laugh at me, mock me or even call me an idiot. He simply held me. He stayed with me, lying in my bed fully clothed, and he let me read it all on his face. How much he was already feeling for me, how much he wanted this, wanted me. It was all right there, had been all along, but I had been too caught up in my own head that I had failed to see.
“You didn’t?”
XX67: I’ll see you tomorrow then, for the letter?
“What did you mean by that?”
“Sherlock, please, look at me.”
John nods, the hand still cupping his face sliding to his nape, “She said it was the only thing keeping me from finally feeling at peace with myself.”
It was actually a nice one, yes.
My name is Rosie Watson-Holmes, and I've never been happier than I am at this very moment.
"That's because you didn't know it could feel like this, love," John replies, brushing a curl off his forehead. "Was I better in your fantasies?"
“When?”
1) I failed my mom and sister. No matter what Harry said, no matter what my mom used to say, I didn’t protect them the way I should have. My dad hurt them in ways he never dared to use on me, and I let him. I was too scared to do anything, too scared he would lash out if I said something, did something. Too afraid he’d hit them harder, just to punish me. So I never tried, never raised my voice, and simply closed my eyes and covered my ears when my mom’s cries were too loud. I was a coward, and it doesn’t matter that I was only a child, we hear stories every day of kids doing the
John is already scooting over on the bed, leaving enough space for Sherlock to lie down next to him, and neither of them say a word as he does so. Silence fills the room once more, and John's quiet exhale next to him makes all of Sherlock shiver again. He feels John's stare on him again and with a deep breath, he allows himself to turn his head, facing him.
“I did,” John says, rubbing a hand over his eyes. “I don’t even know why I brought up sex. Clearly you weren’t thinking about it, and I don’t even want to have sex with-”
Sherlock Watson-Holmes,
“Who’s Lestrade?” John finally says, looking back at him.
He looked at the display of snacks lined up in the fridge section of one of the convenience stores. Somehow nothing on offered looked liked any food he actually wanted to put it into his mouth. What he craved was a nice hot dinner. As his eyes were browsing the display his mind was already thinking about how many problems he would have to find a hotel in London. There was nearly no question that at some point during the two weeks he would fall out with his sister. It wasn’t really what you could call optimistic, more realistic.
universe we exist in.
“Yes,” John replies, sitting down.
Sherlock only tilted his head slightly in response, not having any time to waste. He heard the waitress come to their table but he only waved his hand at her when she asked what he wanted to drink. John ordered for both of them, waiting for the waitress to go before saying :
been seeing each other
"I am," Sherlock replies, their eyes locked. "It ends tonight." John doesn't try to hide his relief, and Sherlock exhales loudly. "I can't let him alone too long or he'll come look for me." John nods, not yet ready to let go. Sherlock's hands fall back to his side, "Don't go too far, and wait for my signal," he whispers before pushing himself off the door, reaching for his hat still on the floor and leaves the room.
John sighs against his lips, and Sherlock realises he’s not the only one shaking.
I want us to bare our mind and body, and not be afraid.
He will let me. He liked those kisses, told me so. Many times. And I have to trust him, I have to believe what I can see with my own two eyes. He told me. He showed me. He kissed me.
"Then off you go," she declares, letting go of him. "I have everything I need for Rosie here, so you take your time, understood?"
I’m not sure…
what is going to happen, and John smiles that bright smile of his, so Sherlock lets go and breathes. He’s careful not to locked himself into his mind palace, fearing he might not be able to come back until he’s stored every seconds of the day they just have, and when Rosie announces she’ll shower first, he forces himself to offer, “Would you want a hot chocolate after?”
Obviously the lady at the reception desk could only offer them one room. “It is quite spacious but it only has one bed.” She smiled and John tried very hard not to do the same.
“They’ll fix it soon enough,” Sherlock tries, actually having no clue on the efficiency of the heating company on Christmas Eve.
"Is he watching?" Arnold asks, the words breathed against his neck.
"Do you think she would have hurt you in return, considering who she was?"
“Alright?” He whispers.
Sherlock sits back next to him, glancing at Lestrade’s phone, “Are you saying I should reply, then?” Lestrade looks confused for a moment, and Sherlock rolls his eyes, “Yes, I’m asking for your advice.”
“I didn’t know you would be h-”
to any letter you write me.
Something important.
The two of you can’t go any further if you don’t learn to trust each other. Trust me.
The suspect was just within Sherlock’s sight and with John’s broader body obscuring him, the man couldn’t spot Sherlock watching him. Sherlock only needed to find something that could incriminate him without any doubt. If he arrested Jason now, without any reliable proof, the police would let him go and Sherlock’s chance of finding him again would be reduced to naught.
“Did Molly come by too?”
"I wouldn't worry about that," Mrs Hudson replies, smiling softly at him before pushing him towards the stairs with a pointed look. "Up you go."
He lets go, abandon his heart and body in John’s hands, trust him with his own fear and overflowing love.
"I don't care if he's your ex-boyfriend, a friend or a stranger," Arnold says with a pointed look. "But if you want to make him react, show him you can have fun too, then it's your chance."
“Sherlock slept in my bed last night,” he blurs out, watching Tom nearly choke on his food.
“Wait, you didn’t notice it right away?”
It took him a few moments to regain his breath and slow his pulse. When he completely opened his eyes again, he found Sherlock lying on his chest by the looks of it completely spent and utterly exhausted. Carefully John closed his arms around the younger one, stroking with one broad palm softly over the skin beneath Sherlock’s shoulder blades.
Home and bored.
And kiss too, that
“It was a nice way to wake up,” John says, keeping to himself how he would have prefered finding him in bed still. “Have you decide what to do today?”
I watch John for a moment, choosing my words carefully.  I’ve decided to wait until he has nowhere to run off to, to begin a conversation again.  There are still things that need to be said, questions that need to be asked. I’ve thought of little else since that unexpected turn of events in the kitchen of 221B, and I want to understand.
“--it’s been nine months since the first, four since the second, and we think they’re gearing up for a third.  There’ve been whispers. We’re trying to get one step ahead of them, they’re sneaky bloody bastards. Sally’s about ready to flip her lid over it.”
“Right, well I’m sorry to say that we must be going,”  He gestures at our empty pints. “I promised him we’d only stay for one.  Been a long day. See you around?” Hal looks slightly taken aback—John no doubt interrupted whatever tangent he’d been going off on—but nods, standing to take his leave.
that he was even capable of pursuing this with me?  Perhaps because despite our newfound ability to seek comfort in one another, I am still utterly plagued with doubt about his sincerity?  He seems to have forgotten how quickly he’d torn me down when I’d told him I want to be with him two months ago. He seems to expect me to be able to trust easily that this is actually what he wants.  Whatever is written on my face seems to convey at least some of this, because he sighs, grabs for my hand. “I’m not going to change my mind, Sherlock,” Laces our fingers together and grips them tightly.  “I know that it’s new, and that we have much to figure out, but I’ve known for awhile now that I wanted to find my way here.”
They climb back into the Jeep and wind their way down into town.  They find a pub that hasn’t yet been sullied by modern aesthetic, claim a battered wooden table in a quiet corner and order two pints of stout, brewed on site.  They share a basket of buttery garlic ciabatta and a plate of perfectly seasoned mussels from the very sea they’d spent the last half hour staring at.
John turns to liquid against him; it only takes a single moment and he’s lost.  The pained,
anything,”  Reaches behind the cushion to his right.  He hands me a stack of six sealed standard white envelopes, all a bit rough around the edges.  Each of them dated, but otherwise unmarked. “These already belong to you, anyway,” What does that mean?  I don’t recognize them. I look closer at the dates. All during my time away. I glance back up at John.
I don't see John, so I walk for awhile.  Buy a cup of tea. Walk some more. Toss the cup.  I've spent these last years with one foot in my mind palace and the other barely straddling reality.  Being here, being home, feels false. Surreal. As I walk, I listen to the John in my head narrate my surroundings.
He grabs my hand, then.  Fingers threaded through mine.  Appears to be thinking it all over.  “Well we can’t just hide here for the rest of our lives,” A sigh.
“Yes, John, but now you
Lestrade is rambling on about a case we distantly assisted with last week.  He had texted John a series of crime scene photos, asking for his medical opinion on various wounds found on the body.  The only one that had ended up mattering was the hatchet to the throat, leading him straight to her woodsman ex-boyfriend.  Bit obvious, really. Idiotic choice of weapon, considering. Not many smooth criminals in England these days, it seems. Apparently they’ve finally tracked down his cabin in West Sussex and brought him in.  I can’t muster any real excitement over this news. Less thrilled by murder than I used to be.
“Maybe, yeah,”  John says to his beaming daughter.  “I’ll give her a call, shall I?”
“Dinner?”  He asks instead, feeling slightly fidgety.
“Tell me,”  John sighs, taking a seat across from Sherlock at the kitchen table.  “Why leave Baker Street?  Why not come talk to me if you thought something had to change?”  He doesn’t really know how to have this conversation.  Doesn’t know the right questions to ask to get the answers he needs.  Hopefully repeatedly asking
“Yes,”  I needed him to believe it, and he did.  He pulls me in, arms circling my waist, face buried warmly in the crook of my neck.  I sigh, resting my chin on his head and holding him tightly in return. “But I never let you go.”
“What have you done, you absolute maniacs?”  John stands stunned on the red brick pathway leading up to the cottage, staring in dumbstruck befuddlement at the two paint-covered idiots sitting cross-legged on the ground, giggling and admiring their work.
“She’s done just fine climbing up,”  He nods down at Rosie as they reach the loft without incident.  “Not much danger of falling, and she’ll adapt quickly.  But I suspect descending will be another matter entirely,”  He looks pointedly at the stairs, which do look rather ominous from this angle.  “And so—I’ve ordered a slide.”
“Where have you two been?  Thought I heard—you know what, no.  Don’t you dare answer that.” I smirk.  John still looks stupefied.
Greg waits.  She’s been acting bloody strange all night—a bit erratic—clearly has something formidable on her mind.  Molly doesn’t do so great with bottling emotions, and he knows by now that she’ll spill if he just gives her some time.
funeral,”  He swallows, huffing quietly at the memory and looking away for a moment.  “What could you possibly want from me now?”
“You’re serious,” John whispers.
.  Only he’s allowed.  Jeans unfastened, I yank them down, throw them aside, pants and all.
I hesitate, look up at him.  “I think it’s time I tell you what happened while I was away.”
“I know,”  He says, quietly.  He does know. I don’t need to remind him.  “But she—you—”
“Yeah.  God, yeah.  Think I just needed to hear your voice,”  He can hear Sherlock sigh—relieved, content—a small, amused chuckle slipping out at the end.
Once we reach Main Street, we decide to first locate the bar so that we know where we’re going tomorrow evening.  It’s easy enough to spot, tucked amongst the shops and restaurants that line the street—dark wooden siding with a large, neon rainbow on full display.  We pull off to the side of the street and park.
They’ve installed a headstone and everything.  An offensive amount of paperwork and a bloody poorly-attended funeral.  Not to mention that impeccably orchestrated but absolutely foolhardy jump.  Overall, a ridiculously elaborate scheme to save the mundane lives of three ordinary people.  If Mycroft had a bit more backbone when it comes to his brother, he’d have shut it down immediately.  But he’s seen what this stalwart soldier has brought to Sherlock’s chaotic and rather solitary life.  Structure, security, affection.  Mycroft may disapprove of such sentimental concepts, but he could not watch his brother fall back into the trappings of drugs and a tepid, lonely existence.  The two of them are different in that regard—Sherlock needs
“Arrogance,”  I spin around, caught a bit (only a bit) off guard as Irene strides in, stilettos clicking lightly against the linoleum floor.  John moves to stand in front of me. Protective. Defensive. A swell of tenderness blooms behind my ribcage and I take a step closer, wrapping my fingers around his wrist.  She raises both of her fastidiously tweezed brows at his response to her sudden presence, but carries on. “As well as an astounding lack of tact,” She meets my eye, the corner of her mouth tugging upward slightly.  “Inimitable genius. Staggering beauty,” Her gaze drifts over my body and I can’t help but huff in annoyance. She’s putting on a show. “Hi, sweetie,” She walks straight over to Ben, wraps her arms around him. He pulls her in and I watch, confounded by the genuine affection between them.  They stand in a comfortable embrace, and when they part, Irene remains close, Ben’s arm wrapped tightly around her waist. He says nothing, just stands at her side in a clear display of solidarity, waiting to see how things play out.
—boring desperately into my body, nearly sends me over the edge.  My cock glides between us as he feverishly snaps his hips—we both cry out, now, with every frenzied thrust—every blazing brush of our flesh.  When he calls out my name, a burst of molten heat courses through me—pressure building, pleasure coiling—expanding like magma, rising up to break free.  Body shaking, quaking—shattering, breaking—back arching violently and a pained, strangled shout as I erupt between us and begin to melt. John
whatever was in the coffee, then?”  John pulls me from my thoughts with this question—apparently he’d been pondering the case as well.  I do indeed believe that whatever Henry dropped into our coffee was one of Hal’s creations—Ben referred to him yesterday as a
When he flings it open, they step through to find a really
with what I feel for you.  We have something that I, at this point,
“This has been good, actually, Harry.  You know—all things considered.  Think it’s about the best we’ve managed in a long while,”  And that is certainly true.  John can hardly stand to be around her when she’s pissed, and for as long as he can remember, now, she has been.  But she’d cut herself off several days before all this began.  She’d stopped drinking, seemingly on a whim, and had gotten through the worst of it before he’d arrived.  And despite an injured ankle and the tail end of an inconvenient concussion, he’s felt, these last few days, that he’s beginning to get his sister back.
