“What do you think, dear boy?” Holmes took a draw on his pipe and blew out a perfect smoke ring, which drifted over our heads. “He was incensed. He said that such nonsense was perfectly all right for gypsies, Jews, Italians, and other foreign riffraff, but I was the grandson of an English earl and he’d rather see me dead than exhibiting myself on stage for the entertainment of the common throng. And then he horsewhipped the poor violin master. That was the end of my musical education, to my deepest regret.”
“She’s after you,” James said bluntly. “Mr. Sherlock says so, too. She’s come to the door a number of times, but I was always able to put her off. I don’t know how she followed you to the park this time. She must have a nose like a bleeding bloodhound on the trail!”
The door of the house opened and a tall, dour man emerged. He came down the walk and opened the gate, shouldering my trunk and picking up my valise. I took my bag and the box of books and followed him back up the walk and inside.
“Yet this handwriting is not Irish,” Holmes opined. “It looks more like that of a man educated at a second-rate public school, probably in Derbyshire. With some Army background. Right-handed, too. But that’s obvious.”
Thommie seemed quite familiar with the place, for he immediately hung up his jacket on a peg and then took off his boots.
“You seem nervous, sir,” said Thommie, who showed no trace of disquiet at being in a hansom with two strangers on his way to have sexual congress with them. Or so he believed.
“It is not too late! Finally, we are one mind!” Holmes cried in triumph. But then his expression changed to one of distress. His eyes closed as a spasm of pain went through him.
“My brother,” I said in sudden panic. “He’ll be coming home from his office soon. He’ll wonder where I am.”
“In which to place Wiggins’ cat. Unless you expect to carry it through the streets of London in your arms, which is not terribly feasible considering the contrary personalities of most felines.”
“Moggy must have followed me and Gladstone when we came up from the kitchen,” said James. “Can I pour you a cup of coffee, sir? Mrs. Hudson made it fresh.”
“No,” admitted Major Griffith. “I would not let them in until Barton and I had gotten Charles into bed. And Barton took away the... the rope and righted the chair. I wished to spare them... this... this disgrace!”
“We would certainly be interested in your continued company,” said Holmes, his tone business-like. “And your name is?”
I put my hand to my head in dismay. “I see. Thank you for informing me, Mrs. Hudson. I was unaware that I was Holmes’ favorite charity.”
I was met by the porter. As befits the Diogenes Club, where everyone is silent and unsociable, the porter spoke not a word, but led me upstairs to a part of the club I imagine few people, not even the members, have ever explored. He opened a door, and then another door, and yet another, until we were in a darkened hallway. A figure loomed, like a spectre from a nightmare, large and shrouded in black. He extended a clammy hand in greeting.
“There’s a nasty burn from the rope on his neck, but it is not life-threatening. And he can speak, so I doubt there is permanent damage to his larynx. But whatever it is that caused him to attempt to take his own life still remains. If he is in so much despair, he may attempt it again – and next time succeed!”
Men were standing at the bar or sitting at tables, drinking and speaking together, their heads close. A common enough scene, yet not so common if one knew what to look for. No females, not even a barmaid. And many young men who were – how shall I put it? – of a theatrical bent. It seemed an alien world to me now, but that had not always been the case. No, not at all.
“Yes,” I said. “I mean, no. I mean, not exactly. The Hall is lovely and everyone here has been deucedly kind to me in my convalescence, but I miss Baker Street. I miss Mrs. Hudson and Gladstone. I miss being in my own bed, by my own hearth. Perhaps it’s foolish, but it’s the place closest to my heart, the only place since my childhood I could rightly call home.”
It made me happy to contemplate my success at working the program, but at the same time I was thrown into despair at the knowledge of what I’d be leaving behind.
“No,” Fred said proudly. “John’s made excellent progress.” He paused. “Once certain disreputable elements were... diminished.”
“I didn’t mean to, Guv,” he explained. “But there was a chap at the telegraph office, Lewis Pratt. He was always wearing flash gear and bragging about the places he went to and how he mingled with all the toffs. He took me to public houses like the Salisbury and the Crown where kindly gentlemen go to meet agreeable boys. It was easy money and I always been ever so agreeable. I like gents and the gents like me.”
“Now, now, my dear lady,” I said, patting her hand. “I do what I must do. I was a soldier and a soldier must do his duty. That’s what being an honourable gentleman means. You may not shrink from danger, no matter what the consequences.”
When I arose I found it was still early. I knew Holmes would be at breakfast, perhaps perusing the morning papers for news of the capture of two suspected murderers in a low lodging house in Soho.
I stood up and gently guided James to the door of the sitting room. “Follow your heart. If you do that then you will never go wrong.”
I walked out of the room, closing the door behind me. I put on my hat and coat, took my bag, and left Mycroft’s rooms. The usher at the front entrance nodded to me as I exited.
“That’s hardly fair, Holmes,” I protested. “He’s a mere boy! Surely his tastes are not warped for life?”
Mick frowned. “Just about everybody, Guv’nor. Bill owed money to every bookmaker in town, as well as being in arrears at a score of pubs that was stupid enough to advance him credit. That’s why he was so hard on Charlie Griffith – Bill knew there was lots of money there. But even with the other gents we put the finger on, Bill always took the lion’s share, while me and Dilly got the leavings.”
The Irishman came back in the early evening. He poured me a small glass of burgundy, just like the first one.
The Irishman leaned back against the leather seat and carefully lit one of his long French cigarettes. He did not offer me one. He silently smoked for some moments, gazing out the window at the passing streets.
Until I found my gambling debts catching up with me. I was barred from my club until I paid my debts of honour. But my brother, already beginning to sink in his own financial seas, would not settle them. Then a fellow I considered a good friend became engaged. I also owed him money and he demanded it, needing all the ready cash he could gather to set up his new household. I gritted my teeth and paid all I had. Other creditors pressed me and I tried to make good. But my allowance was not enough. I resorted to the pawnshops of Holborn and gained a little money from my possessions, but it was still not enough. I asked for a loan from my countess, but she refused and broke off our liaison. Then the wife of the MP, deciding I was now a liability, closed her door to me. I began to panic, not knowing which way to turn.
“Nothing to do with me,” he dismissed. “I’m still plain old Sherlock Holmes. Or the Honourable Sherlock Holmes. Some tosh like that. Titles might once have served a purpose in society, but they are not rational in this day and age.”
There I paused for a while in Salzburg, listening to Mozart, marveling at the Alps, and eating cream pastries. Then I took a train into Italy, stopping in Venice, Florence, and thence on to Rome, the Eternal City.
I opened the jar. It smelled mildly of vanilla and cloves. I rubbed a little on the back of my hand to be sure it would not irritate. “This should do.”
I narrowed my eyes at him. “You never take more than coffee and a crust of toast! You fed the dog all that food on purpose, just to plague me! You knew the effect it would have upon his digestive tract!”
“I suppose not.” Inside the box was a beautiful golden stickpin adorned with a perfect sapphire. “It’s exquisite!” I exclaimed.
“Good lord, Holmes! If you want to speak with me, why not come through the main door like a normal person?”
“Yes,” he said. “I cannot have you remain in London until time has permitted things to be confirmed between us. And I am sure you do not wish to be shut up in this house for months at a time.”
I thought of Charles’ pale face and his distress over Dilly’s involvement in the sordid business of blackmail. “Yet you did not inform him that his lover was in hospital in London, likely in the final stages of consumption.”
“Oh, Mr. Holmes,” said Mrs. Griffith. “I’m so happy you have come! And Doctor Watson, too! I have been so worried about my son.”
I felt my face go hot. “My feeble attempt to write a story of mystery and romance. I was paid almost £2 for its publication.”
As I stepped further into the room I heard a familiar woof. Gladstone waddled over to me, wagging his stubby tail. “Good fellow,” I said, giving him a pat on his broad head. “Did you have a fine dinner as well?”
Holmes looked at me sharply. His eyes were still red-rimmed, but no longer bloodshot or bleary. I did not know if he had packed the morocco case that contained his syringes, but I had hope that he had not, hope that this stay far from the cares of London would give him a chance to uncloud his mind and purge his body of the hateful toxins with which he insulted himself.
I never ask where Holmes goes at all hours, sometimes for days at a time, returning dressed in rags, or smelling like chemicals, or with unexplained wounds on his body. I never ask. It is not my place to ask. Even when I sit up for hours into the night, staring out of the windows of the sitting room at 221b, listening to the passing hansoms and drays, the whistle of the policeman on his beat, watching the fog thicken and swirl. Wondering if he will ever return.
“The amount you pay for your share of the lodgings...” She winced in chagrin. “It’s only half of what Mr. Holmes pays. I have been compelled to raise the rent a number of times over the years due to growing expenses, but he told me not to say anything since your Army pension was so fixed. He’s been making up the difference. I’m so sorry, Doctor. I didn’t mean to tell you!”
“Dilly Mitchell, I fear, is a lost cause, but Wiggins – Ah! I had great hopes for that lad,” Holmes said regretfully. “I had never thought to see him on the wrong end of the hangman’s noose.”
“Sit here, Watson,” he said, indicating the place directly next to him. “Lovell is sure to seat you at the far end of table, as if we are at a dinner party for the Ambassador from Mongolia – with you to be seated as if you were IN Mongolia, no doubt.”
“Yes, my so-called sensibilities have been assaulted,” I stated. “But seeing those two boys behind bars is far more upsetting to me. Dilly Mitchell is certainly dying – and without treatment I doubt he will live to see his own trial. And Mick Wiggins...” I paused. “Even his irrepressible spirit is being beaten down by his incarceration.”
This was not to Holmes’ liking. “Dash it, man! I wanted to show you the hives! They are extraordinary. And the beekeeper is a droll fellow. His hives provide honey for all the villages in the area. There is some in this pot, I believe. Lovell – this is the Sherringford honey, is it not?”
“I say, my boy.” Holmes sat up and leaned towards me. “What do you make of this?” He thrust an engraved card into my face.
“Mr. Sherlock will get no dessert until he finishes his greens.” I sat back smugly. It felt good to command.
“And I swear I am not,” he said firmly. “And if our assailant had not been in such a hurry to kill me, which hindered his aim, we both might be the worse for a tear in your pants!”
“He’s a reader,” observed Holmes, indicating a stack of magazines on the bedside table. “‘The Police Gazette.’ ‘Blackwood’s.’ Even ‘The Strand.’” He picked up the topmost. “I believe this is the issue with your last story in it: ‘The Adventure of the Rajah’s Tomb.’”
I froze. He only ever called me by my Christian name when he was the worse for the needle, his head befuddled with narcotics. Only then could he break through that barrier of determined formality, that wall that had always separated us, no matter how long we had been intimate companions.
That sent up a gigantic red flag. “You don’t need help with the rent, Holmes. I don’t know where your money comes from, but I know you have it.” I pointed to his watch. “That’s a Patek Philippe worth God knows how many thousands of pounds. I used to know someone very well who wore one. So don’t deny it.”
“Yes?” I looked up to see Miss Mary Morstan standing beside the bench. I immediately stood and removed my hat. “Good heavens, my dear lady! What on earth are you doing here?”
The next six years were bleak ones. The school I attended was the same one my brother had passed through, a strict Jesuit establishment on the coast of Yorkshire, facing the wild and windy North Sea. The order of each day was prayer and study, prayer and more study. The Jesuits did not go in much for the games that are the rage at most public schools in England, although we did play cricket, learned to shoot and ride, and had rudimentary lessons in music and art. But the main study of these stern men in their black Spanish robes was Logic and Latin. On those two things everything else hinged. And if you stumbled in either you felt the pain across the back of your hand, or, if it were a more serious error, across your backside. And I don’t mean the simple swat of a cane. No, the Fathers knew how to inflict pain in ways that make me cringe to think of so many years later. I often fancy I know what the Inquisition must have been like for those poor Jews and heretics, for we were all subjected to the same flinty-eyed Inquisitors.
On a Saturday evening that part of town, so near to the sinister pleasures of Piccadilly and Soho, as well as the theatres of the Haymarket and the hotels and restaurants of the Strand, it is as bustling as Regent Street or Covent Garden during the daylight hours. I was sure I would be able to slip into Mycroft’s building under the cover of the darkness and the crowd, but I did not want to take any chances. I had the driver let me off at Trafalgar Square, then I walked, twisting, turning, and doubling back, as Holmes had often instructed me, through the nearby streets, hoping against hope that if the Irishman was having me followed, my shadow would be lost attempting to mimic my perambulations.
Holmes. But it was impossible. I thought I saw him, but it was impossible. He was in London, in Mycroft’s rooms. That is where I had left him. He could not be here, on this muddy roadside. It was proof that I was dying – that my final wish would be granted with the sight of him, even if it was only a fantasia.
“You must believe me to be a veritable Hercules!” I returned. “There is only so much I can accomplish in a single night. My manhood also needs a respite in order to realize your insatiable demands.
I closed my eyes and pictured Holmes. Imagined him there, in my arms, the way I had so often pictured him, when I was with a female or, more recently, with Mick or Thommie or even the attendant at the bathhouse.
“I would never wish to cause you distress, my boy,” he replied. “The Langham dining room is a welcoming presence. You will feel better once you have had a meal. This has been too long a day.”
The Irishman’s lip twisted. “Then you do not know yourself, Johnny Lad. You are in a fog of denial. But Sherlock is not. No, he knows all too well.”
“I am simply being cautious,” the Irishman reassured me. “England is no longer congenial to my endeavours – at least for the time being. But I have some enterprises in the works on the Continent and also in the New World. That is where the future is, Johnny Lad – America! Shortly we will leave England safely behind.”
Major Griffith strode in behind Alfie, snorting like a crazed bull. “I thought I told you to keep away from my house, Sherlock Holmes!”
Holmes found a folded towel on the shelf above the cupboard. I took it and carefully opened the small door. “Here, Moggy. Good pussycat.”
“No,” Holmes replied. “I would only stoop to such illicit measures if all else had failed and their lives were truly in danger. We must endeavour to free them lawfully and clear their names. That is the way Justice prevails.” He paused and pulled out his pipe. “Although if I wanted to break them out, I could do it in a heartbeat.”
The Irishman smiled poisonously. “Some men would say you would be more a fool to come here unarmed.”
“Poppycock!” said Holmes. “You may ring until your arm falls off, my dear fellow, no one will come. Lovell would sleep through a cyclone. And what if I needed you in the night? What if there were to be an emergency?”
“Quite,” Holmes sniffed. “Which brings me to the proposition I mentioned earlier this morning before our... encounter. I’ve taken a flat and I find there are two bedrooms. I believe it would be beneficial if I had a roommate of good character and stable habits to share it with me and help me with the rent.”
That concerned me. “I must go over and see Dilly today. That cell is damp and airless, the worst possible place for a consumptive.”
“She will be no trouble at all. Some scraps of meat and a bowl of milk should suffice to keep her in trim.” A small, white-mitted paw poked out from between the slats of the box and began batting at the air.
“Now, see here, Holmes,” I said, still clutching the box. “We can’t simply pass off Wiggins’ cat on Mrs. Hudson.”
“I will, Mick, I promise,” I said. “And Mr. Holmes is working hard, too. You will both be free soon.”
And before I could move or call out, the Irishman seized me and wrenched my cane from my hand. He braced it against his boot and withdrew the sword, pressing the deadly steel against my throat.
“Built by the Fifth Earl,” said Sherlock, looking up the hill at the strange edifice. “Or was it the Fourth? No matter, both were on the outs with the German Georges. Of course, the family owed their fortune to the Buggering Stuarts, so they wouldn’t have been all that happy with a change in dynasties. Are you ready to attempt the climb?”
Unfortunately, such lads as Wiggins often fall into crime. A keen and active mind must be used, and when it is not employed for good then it must be employed for ill. It was heartening to know that my good friend Holmes was directing his Irregulars to the benefit of society and not the harm of it.
“I was born in Calcutta,” Miss Morstan confirmed. “But I was sent home at an early age after my mother died. My father was a captain, but he never served in Afghanistan that I know of.”
“I... I think so.” My head ached and my limbs were trembling. I reached for my top hat, which had fallen from my head.
“How did you take it when you heard that Mr. Sherlock shot you with your own gun?” James said ingenuously.
There was no reply, so I gently took the pipe from his mouth and set it on the bedstand. “Another time, then,” I whispered. Then I, too, shut my eyes and surrendered myself to slumber.
Mrs. Griffith was sitting by Young Charles’ bedside. The lad looked decidedly better, but the bandage was still around his neck, hiding the marks of the ligature.
“A gentleman might want to wear it different on different days,” James explained. “Not that you’re not a gentleman! You’re quite a fine gentleman, I’m sure.”
“You are a wicked little boy,” he growled. “You don’t know what or who you are. That is what intrigues me. You are unformed, like common clay.”
I scratched Gladstone behind his ears, trying to focus my attention away from James’ pointed queries. But the young man was sharp and he was guileless enough to ask questions from which a more jaded man might refrain.
“You heard the doctor,” said Holmes, herding the contingent to the door. “Allow him to examine the patient in peace.”
“Ah, yes,” said the Irishman. He put his hand on my shoulder. His touch felt too familiar. “Should I search you further? Are you carrying a revolver?”
Confound the man! I knew for a fact that Holmes hated the country and became restless if he was separated from London for more than a few hours, that he detested walking, unless he was in pursuit of some miscreant, and that history had little significance to him if it did not shed light on a case. Yet he had set his mind on this trip to his brother Mycroft’s estate in West Sussex and he would not be denied.
“Good Lord!” I exclaimed, taking out my handkerchief and covering my nose. “He’s been doing that all morning! What in the name of heaven did you feed him, Holmes?”
“You speak of criminals,” I pronounced. “The underworld. Men without morals or respect for society!”
“Yes, my dear lady, and I know you will do what you can to aid us in his case. And that means seeing to the comfort of his beloved pet.” Another yowl issued from the box. “I will carry her downstairs.”
An elegant female in a fur wrap came by, walking an imperious-looking white poodle. The dogs touched noses and Gladstone wagged his stump, making acquaintance. The female likewise looked me up and down. She was too forward to be quite a lady, but too well-dressed and bejeweled to be a woman of the town, therefore I surmised that she was a denizen of St. John’s Wood, that nearby enclave of houses owned by wealthy men but lived in by women who are not their wives.
Holmes’ words put my mind into a turmoil. I thought of the Irishman and the time we had spent together. The times when I feared and hated him. And the times when I loved him. “All that is in the past,” I said finally. “It doesn’t matter now.”
“No, thank you. This is quite sufficient.” I closed my eyes and could not help but remember my first days in India. The heat in that June was stifling to a man who had known chiefly the cool dampness of the British Isles. Although I was heading into a war, I was glad to leave the steam of Bombay for the cool highlands of Afghanistan. Alas, I did not enjoy my sojourn there for long. The next few months after I was wounded are a blur of heat, pain, and misery. I remember sweltering in my bed, the only relief the movement of the orderlies as they lifted the netting to see if I were still alive.
“Think nothing of it!” said Holmes. “Dr. Watson is here and so am I. Please lead us to the patient.”
Mycroft’s estate was approximately ten miles outside Chichester on a desolate stretch of road, not within sight of the Channel, but well within reach of the unrelenting wind and rain that blew off it. The sun, which had been attempting to break through the clouds for most of the afternoon, finally gave in the ghost and instead decided to set, leaving us to arrive just as dusk was falling.
“I know,” I interrupted. “We have only been in Rome a week and hardly seen anyone. And we are leaving soon for Naples and Capri. We have taken a villa on the island. It should be rather amusing.” I yawned to show how little it all meant to me.
“I was going to bring your dog up with me,” James continued. “But the women are fussing over him down in the kitchen, feeding him scraps and making much of him. He’s eating it all up with a spoon, I must say.”
“Oh, don’t mind me, Doctor,” said James, grinning as he handed Holmes the glass of whiskey. “Lips sealed and all that.”
“So,” said a familiar voice. “Mr. Sherlock Holmes. And Dr. Watson as well. What in the name of hell are you two doing here?”
“You should never gamble beyond your ability, John,” he said. “Or with your betters. I also seem to recall that you knew little of cards when you were in Rome. You did not even recognize that the men were playing poker, yet you staked your meagre fortune on the turn of these same cards.”
The next day, after my brother left the house, I walked out, aimlessly. I found myself on the High Street, looking into windows, my hands shoved in my pockets, my misery at its height. That’s when I became aware of a large carriage halted in the road nearby. A familiar carriage with a crest on the side.
“Which is why I continue to fight, Watson,” Holmes said. “At least in my own way. Each crime committed is a blot upon society, and each crime solved adds to the good of all.”
I will not name him because any name I give him will be of no consequence. He offered me a name that night at Lady Percy’s, but it was not his true one. In fact, I am sure none of the names he ever used was his true one, just as none of the stories he told about his history was the true one. They may have contained grains of truth here and there, but that is all.
“Of course, my dear lady!” I said, feeling the depth of her distress. “Let us talk of things that are more lighthearted.”
“Then you are an ass,” Holmes muttered under his breath. He glanced at me. Then he stepped swiftly to the inner door and opened it before Lestrade had a chance to protest.
“Did you catch a chill, sir?” James asked anxiously. “I can get a mustard plaster from Mrs. Jenkins. That should fix you up right smartly.”
But one thing I was certain of, he was an Irishman. That he never denied. And so I will call him the Irishman. That is enough.
“See that you do.” Holmes hustled the man out into the hall and shut the door. “He may be of some use. If anyone comes to search their rooms, he’s sure to be right there to hinder them.”
“I ripped up one of Mycroft’s old dress shirts,” he retorted, flinching as I removed the makeshift dressing.
“When we return to London we shall take the railway coach,” Holmes pronounced. “It is noisy and crowded, but I believe the smoother ride upon the rails will be better for you, my dear fellow.”
The tone of his voice terrified me even more than his words. I pushed him away. “Get your bloody hands off me! You’re a madman!”
“Be careful!” Wiggins protested. “Dilly ain’t well. She’ll never last in the clink, Guv’nor. She’s got a bad chest.”
I had to laugh as I rolled over onto my back, utterly spent. “I have never heard you call upon the Deity so often, Holmes. I thought you had eschewed the certain knowledge of a Higher Power in favour of a logical skepticism, yet you continue to yell about Him in my ear.”
“I was still quite ill at that time, having been recently wounded,” I said, and then fell into an awkward silence.
Unless, of course, Sherlock Holmes is present. Then the entire endeavour is reduced to farce. Excellent farce, but farce nonetheless.
After consuming the toast that James brought, I dressed and went to see Dr. Anstruther in neighboring Marylebone Road. He was a no nonsense general practitioner, brusque and unsentimental, but also very ambitious. He was always willing to take on new patients, no matter where they came from. But still he viewed me with a jaundiced eye, undoubtedly believing me to be of a too unsettled and frivolous temperament to be a reliable physician.
“So have we all,” I returned. “We are all sinners. It is all about the degree of our transgressions. But punishment always falls most heavily on the weak, the poor, and the powerless.”
During Affirmations I knew I had to say something. Anything. It wasn’t simply expected, it was required. Part of ‘working the program’ as they say in addict-speak. But I’d been fighting it. And Holmes had been urging me to fight it.
I moved to the door and pulled at it, but it was locked. “And meanwhile, while you are shillyshallying here, your brother – my intimate friend! – is bleeding to death somewhere in this preposterous maze of a so-called club!”
“I did not know enough to talk back then,” I replied. “But I have had many years to form a few opinions of my own. I beg your pardon if they don’t square with yours.”
“Don’t think of it, old man,” Stamford said dismissively. “I was in the neighborhood and thought I’d drop by. Did old Captain Phillips pay you a call?”
“That he may be,” she said. “But the girls below stairs are already all agog over him. He’s a disruptive influence, mark my words.”
“Mr. Holmes,” said the major. “We had word that a physician was visiting Sherringford, so I took the liberty of calling for you. You are closer than the nearest doctor, who is in Market Sherrin. I hope this does not put you out.”
It was amusing the way Holmes and James were conspiring to keep me safe from what they saw as a husband-hunting harpy. But poor Miss Morstan was surely an innocent party. Her genuine concern for my welfare had touched me deeply.
“Never,” I stated. “I would not forget if I had encountered you before. After all, you are the most famous man in London.” Or infamous, I neglected to add.
“Dr. Watson, then,” said Ross. “Please excuse Oscar. He did not mean to be rude, but he is obsessed with the beauty of boys. Anyone who is of a more mature age is beyond his interest... that way.”
He did not reply or even look at me. He got out of the carriage and spoke to one of his servants, while the rest scrambled around the carriage, piling trunks on a trolley to take to the ship. And I sat there, alone inside, considering my fate.
“No, he will not,” said the Irishman. “Has he ever wondered where you were? When you wandered about the Continent, alone? Or when you stayed out all night with your mistresses or gambling with your cronies at your club? Did he ever seek you out, concerned about your welfare?”
“I appreciate your concern,” I said, picking up ‘The Times.’ It was already open to an inner page and the story of a shocking arrest in Soho. “Mrs. Hudson, I must tell you something.”
“If you wish.” His long fingers caressed and threatened at the same time. “But I would be a fool to come here armed.”
“No, thank you.” I did long for a cigarette, but having quit I felt I might as well attempt to make a success at something.
“Your notes? I do not remember any notes from you, Miss Morstan. I certainly would have recalled any missive penned by so lovely a hand.”
“I’ll bring you some chamomile tea before bedtime this evening,” she offered. “It will help you rest.”
“And you found that link immediately,” I declared. “These facts I have only so recently found out. That Moriarty was your Maths tutor. He seduced – no, he raped you when you were under his care as a boy of fourteen, and stole your innocence. Yet you breathed not a word of this to me. You must have thought I was a damnable whore to have lived off such a man for so long. How you must have secretly scorned me!”
“Recreation,” stated Holmes. “That means ping-pong and checkers. There’s also a television set permanently tuned to football or ‘EastEnders,’ depending on the time of day. I am told they once had a dart board until one of the inmates went after his counselor with one of the sharp implements. He missed. Pity, that. Do you play ping-pong, Watson?”
The Salisbury was crowded on a Friday evening, swarmed with men of all classes and categories. But unlike the sordid atmosphere of the Red Cockerel, there was a more carefree air here. Yes, there were low boys who were obvious renters, but there were also well-dressed gentlemen having a friendly drink and taking their ease.
“No!” she cried in dismay. “Don’t say that, Doctor! You can’t go and saddle me with Mr. Holmes! And that lad, and the dog and cat on my hands as well. I won’t allow it!”
Holmes sighed. “I would be a very poor example of a detective if I had not undertaken to find out everything I could about a person with whom I would be living in such intimate quarters. How could I be certain that you were not an agent sent by my greatest enemy to spy on me, perhaps even to murder me?”
“Thank you, my dear boy,” he said, bowing in my direction. “I take that as a high compliment, especially from a man whose taste in literature is impeccable.”
He didn’t show up at dinner, or at evening Rec, or at Affirmations. And he didn’t appear at the party, either.
“That is a faint hope with such knaves!” Holmes cried as he kicked open the wooden door with a strength that always amazes me. “Stand down, Mr. Fisher! You will not escape now!”
“You will know what you need to know when I wish to tell you,” the Irishman said irritably. “And not before. So shut your gob for now!”
Wiggins had broken something in me. Broken my resolve. My discipline. Awakened a monster within my breast. Broken me as certainly as I had been broken in the mountains of Afghanistan, never to completely recover. But that was only my body. This was my mind, my being. My soul, as it were.
“Yes, Mr. Sherlock,” said the butler. “And the cream is from our dairy. Most of the food is from the estate.”
“Yes, sir,” he replied. “I didn’t want to wake you ’cause you were so peaceful, but I didn’t want you to miss your meal.”
“No one could forget you, Mick,” I said honestly. “America is a big country. There should be room enough for you two to stretch out and make your marks.”
“Mr. Sherlock did, when he was a small lad, but he never took it up when he got bigger,” said Mrs. Jenkins as we continued up the stairway. “He was a funny boy – he had his likes and dislikes right from the start. If he couldn’t be the best at something, he didn’t want to do it at all. It was like that business with his mathematics tutor.”
“Yes, and more.” I swallowed, trying not to lose my composure. “But you must heal now. I fear I have let my enthusiasm get in the way of your needs.”
“No, indeed, Doctor,” said Mrs. Hudson. “They went to that nasty gaol. Cleaned out my pantry of leftovers. Mr. Holmes says Mick Wiggins and that other boy are not getting proper food. Is that right?”
“Certainly, Lady Percy,” I stood and pulled out a chair for her. She looked older and sadder, but perhaps that memory is only a mirror of my own melancholy mood.
“Then find another way to free Mick and Dilly. You can think of a way – a powerful mind like yours.”
“Can’t you guess?” he said, his voice very faint. “He... seduced me. No, seduce is too kind a word. He forced me. He had been plying me with affection all summer, petting me and telling me that we were perfect companions. Soul-mates, he called it. That together we would perform great deeds and build an empire.”
And all that while I had loved him. Desired him. Hid my hideous yearnings under the veil of friendship. And this was the ignoble result.
“And they moved me in.” I watched Holmes’ hands hold the cigarette. They were quite beautiful hands. Too beautiful. I forced myself to look away. “The members of the Group don’t seem partial to you.”
“But Mycroft is a man of inaction,” Holmes said, regarding the pipe in his hand. “Sitting in one spot for months on end, lost only in one’s own thoughts, would for my brother be heaven upon this earth. For me, it would be a torture.” Holmes sat straighter in his chair, his eyes glittering. “I must have work, Watson! I must have stimulation of the mind! But with it I must also have action of the body. The two must needs work together or else it is all in vain! Then I must numb myself. Or seek stimulation of a different kind.”
“I’ve already had those things,” I reminded him. “The killers of William Fisher. I want them handed over to the authorities so that Mick Wiggins and Dilly Mitchell can be freed.”
“No, that they certainly are.” My hand automatically went to my shoulder, feeling for where the Jazail bullet had entered and changed my life utterly. “But I suppose I’d fight like the very devil if my home was invaded by strange heathens in bizarre garb, speaking gibberish and bent on ruling over me.”
I nodded. He was right. It would be best if I left London, left England. I wanted to be as far away from the Irishman’s machinations as possible.
“It seems that Young Griffith was sent down from Oxford last year for being involved in a contretemps with a coterie of like-minded young gentlemen,” Holmes related. “They were would-be Aesthetes in residence at Magdalen College, many of them titled or the sons of peers, who fancied themselves poets and rebels against convention. Now, I can understand their impulse to defy the dictates of a narrow-minded society, for I have felt that impulse myself. But their error was in seducing the young son of a respectable townsman into their debaucheries. The more connected members of the circle escaped punishment, but the more vulnerable boys, including Young Griffith, were promptly cashiered. The entire incident was hushed up and poor Mrs. Griffith was told her son had merely failed to pass his exams. Unfortunately, that was a falsehood intended for the family to save face.”
“You can tell the Guv’nor you saw how I was doin’,” he said. “See that his consideration ain’t gone to waste.”
“Of course, my dear fellow,” Holmes pronounced. “No strings whatsoever. We shall be bosom companions, as gentlemen lodgers were in the Old Days. And nothing more, as you would wish.”
Sherlock Holmes was already in his country clothes, his red cravat loosely tied. “Get up and dress! It’s an emergency!”
How can a young man survive an attempt of that kind? To prefer death to life is anathema to me. I, who fought so powerfully to live when my life was thought forfeit more than once. There were times when I came close to giving up, but I always rallied, always hoped a better fate awaited me than death in a far away country. And so I lived – wounded and a shadow of myself in my prime, but alive. And with a life still yet to live.
The girl brought up the tray and I poured myself a cup of tea. Holmes prefers the Earl Grey while I like a lighter blend, a Ceylon or China. Of course, Mrs. Hudson sent up Earl Grey.
“That you are,” I agreed, raising an eyebrow. “And an expert in all the arts and essentials of love.”
Alas, you can imagine how it was. I lost and continued losing. The gambling establishment allowed me credit, which they must have known I could not repay. But I plunged ahead, deeper and deeper, until I was all but lost. I realize now that it had all been decided beforehand. I was a dupe and never had a chance.
“No!” I lashed out weakly. “Don’t touch me. Don’t...” But exhaustion prevented me from further protestations.
I stared at the lad. Wiggins of the Irregulars, Holmes’ contingent of street arabs and urchins. His eyes and ears on the streets on London. When I first came to know Holmes, Wiggins was called his ‘lieutenant’: a filthy child with a sharp eye and a quick wit who was the chief of the Irregulars, the one who took orders from Holmes and sent the boys out to do his bidding. He also collected their fees and, I assume, distributed the same to the boys, according to their deeds.
And at that moment the Irishman appeared. He always appeared at the exact moment when you were discussing him, as the Devil is said to appear whenever you speak his name out loud.
“I would entrust my secret with no one else, John,” he said, accepting the kiss. “Only you. There will never be anyone else. Do you understand what I am saying?”
I strode past the servant into the parlour. Over the mantel, where an old Spanish masterpiece once had hung, was a new work. Or not exactly new, but new to that place. It was a portrait of me, done not by the Sicilian in Italy, but by a fashionable portraitist in Paris. I looked like a young and arrogant lord in my expensive suit, my hair golden and my head tilted at a haughty angle.
“Ah!” Holmes nodded. “And how is the clinic of the admirable Dr. Koenig? That is where you landed, isn’t it? He’s a former flame of the Director, so I assumed they wouldn’t hesitate to make use of your talents, not to mention your agreeable nature.”
I shook my head in mystification. “Only the very wealthy could conceive of building such an absurd thing! And in London children were living in the street, hungry and friendless. As they still do to this day.” I thought of the young Mick and Dilly forced to make their way in the world from the moment they were able to walk out the door of the Workhouse.
“Who said anything about sodomy?” replied Holmes. “You haven’t healed enough for any vigorous sodomy – at least not yet. And what do I care for honours and titles? Mycroft has titles galore and they haven’t made him happy for a single moment of his pitiful life.”
“I am not a casual observer here, Lestrade,” said Holmes. “I am seeking redress for a young gentleman who was being blackmailed by this William Fisher. Others must also have been abused by the victim. And he may have had accomplices. Blackmailers of Fisher’ class rarely work alone. I wish to question the suspects. Have they been removed from the premises?”
The house itself was of Jacobean origin, but the main hall had been built upon over the years so that it sprawled outward, without rhyme or reason, in a mishmash of clashing styles. From the road it looked thoroughly forbidding, a draughty old pile without a hint of cheer to brighten our coming stay.
“He refused to go to one,” Mycroft explained blandly. “He was wounded in St. James’ Park, apparently, and walked from there. By the time he reached the club, he’d lost a fair amount of blood.”
“A sorry business,” I mused, as Holmes and I sat in the library that evening. It was filthy weather outside, with the rain coming down in torrents, and the chill that infested the old house had caused us to draw close to the hearth in search of warmth.
I finished my tea while my patient rattled on. I knew Captain Phillips would never see that the real danger to the British Empire wasn’t in pursuing half-wild tribesmen into punishing mountains, but was here, on the squalid streets of London, with the poor and the sick, the desperate and the unscrupulous.
“I can,” he said simply. “For I am a prodigy. I could do advanced calculations from the cradle. My mind is like a machine – if such a machine for calculating existed. It does not – yet – but I do. And I am not the only one who can do this. I have, in my travels, met two others whose minds can almost match my own – almost. It must be a trick of lineage, for they are brothers. Perhaps we three are related through some far distant ancestor. That would truly be an irony. So you see that I do not believe in luck. However...” he paused significantly. “I am Irish, which means I do believe in fate.”
“Sometimes a story might seem fantastic, but is in fact truer than true,” I countered. “I have seen things in my life that, if written down, would cause a reader to doubt their possibility. Some of the cases of my good friend, Sherlock Holmes, are bizarre to a fault, yet they are very real.”
Holmes shrugged. “A spot of bother with the landlady. And the neighbors. And the local constabulary. But that won’t be a problem here, my dear boy.”
“It’s good for you.” Lovell brought out another plate and placed it in front of Holmes. “Fresh watercress and braised leeks. Your system could use some cleaning out,” I said. “So eat it. All of it. Or you’ll get no dessert. There is dessert, is there not, Mr. Lovell?”
“Yes,” I said, turning my eyes away from Holmes’ gaze. “I think I know the place. Quite gaudy, at least from the outside.”
“You are far too blunt with people, Holmes,” I chastised him. “A little bit of a bedside manner might serve you better than confrontation.”
Mrs. Hudson set the cup back down and put her hands on her hips. “Oh, no you don’t, Doctor! You’re not leaving this house and having Mr. Holmes stay behind to be-devil me! You’re the only person who can handle him, because Lord knows I can’t do it! What has gotten into you, Dr. Watson?”
“I...” I stopped, unable to think of a good reason. I could not very well tell Stamford and his wife that I could not dine with him because I was preparing to abandon my long-time lodgings, my profession, and all I held dear in order to indecently cohabitate with a master criminal who was otherwise bent on murdering the man with whom I was in love.
Sunday. I had that much time. Or that little time. Until I went to the Irishman. Or until he came for me.
The next day I was called into the office of the director of the facility. I’d only seen her once before, when I made the arrangements to be admitted. She was behind a large antique desk. Fred was sitting by her side, holding my file.
“And I was not included?” Holmes lifted an eyebrow quizzically. “Is that fitting? Inviting a fellow and neglecting his... friend?”
“I’ve been meaning to write you, old chap,” I apologized. “But Holmes and I went away for a few days, to Sussex, and then I had patients, and...”
But I was deceiving myself. I wanted to see him again, if only for one last time. There were so many things I needed to say to him, especially to explain to him why I was going away, even if it was a lie concocted for the occasion.
I paused. What to say to James? He was not a stupid fellow, but he was also an innocent. How could he possibly understand my... my wayward conduct?
“That is fortunate, for I am not interested in Mr. Wilde in ‘that way’ either,” I replied. “You may tell him I was not insulted by his words. Those pictures are here in London and people will see them. I must resign myself to that fact.”
“This should be ready in a moment, sir.” James hummed to himself as he tested the water with his elbow. I had wondered where the two footman were during dinner, Mr. Lovell being the only servant visible throughout the meal. Obviously, James and his compatriot were preparing the water for the baths while Holmes and I dined.
A sad-eyed woman in a faded blue cardigan held up her hand. “I’m Betty and I’m addicted to prescription sedatives. I just want to say that I’m so very happy to be here and I’m glad to be getting help with my problem. Everyone here is so supportive and I’m happy to be here.” She paused, flustered. “I already said that. But I am happy to be here.”
That made me laugh. “Would you prefer to go three rounds with one of those bruisers at the Punchbowl? Or at Alison’s rooms?”
He walked me up to a large chamber. In that room was a fireplace, some nondescript furniture, a tall bookcase overflowing with thick tomes, and a curtained bed.
“Raped you,” I said. “For that is what it was. And for that your... tutor should be damned to the lowest circles of Hell. You should have told so he could be punished.”
I gazed into my glass at the blood-red vintage. This was difficult, but it was necessary. I could do it – and I would do it.
Finally, the Irishman opened the carriage door. “You will be taken back to the train station. A compartment has been reserved for you. Tomorrow go to my bank in London. There will be a payment of cash waiting in your name. But spend it wisely – you will get no more from me, John Watson. You will get nothing else from me, do you understand?”
“The very same,” answered Holmes. “This is where he met Dilly Mitchell. And where we are going to find our contact to take us into Cleveland Street.”
In the end he gave his permission, but only because he was preoccupied. Having me busy and elsewhere freed his mind for his greater attentions. So, ironically, I had Scotland Yard and their crackdown on crime to thank for my taste of freedom. I plunged into my studies, while keeping myself aloof from the other students. Perhaps they thought I was a snob, or perhaps they didn’t think of me at all, but I remained apart, still fearful of the Irishman’s wrath.
“Please end this bickering!” I cried. “My head aches enough without a row! James, if you would go down to my consulting rooms and bring up my bag. All I will need is in it. I’ll take care of my wound myself.”
I could not stop myself, but picked up his pillow and pressed it to my face. His scent, his essence filled my being.
“Nothing,” I said, sitting up. “I beg your indulgence, Holmes, but I think you should go back to your own room now.”
James left the room and Holmes settled on the edge of the bed. He reached out, very tentatively, and touched my head, my hair. Then my cheek. And then he bent over me and kissed me. “Good God, Watson – never do that to me again!”
“I served my Queen and Country and I am not sorry for it,” I declared. “You may not believe this, but my life is more than satisfactory. I don’t have a surfeit of money, but I am comfortable. I have a small medical practice in which I trust I contribute to the common good. And, contrary to what you may think, I have a loyal companion in Mr. Holmes. We are well suited to each other and live as friends – and nothing more!”
“You have a scar, sir,” said James. His finger lightly touched the line transversing my shoulder that was still red even after so many years.
“Watson! Steady, old boy!” he said, his voice breaking. “I have you. You’re safe now. Safe and sound.”
“Mick is as chipper as ever,” Holmes replied. “He is quite the fixture at Scotland Yard these days. He even told Lestrade that he was thinking of joining the constabulary. Of course, Lestrade was properly horrified. But believe me, there are worse men in the ranks than a former renter, and if only Lestrade would remove his head from his posterior and face reality he might come to see that Wiggins would make a better detective than most of the inspectors already at the Yard.”
The Irishman grabbed me by the throat like a dog holds a rabbit. “I said do not question me! Go now and do as I say.”
“Yes,” he said. “She was my grandfather’s mistress. And her son, my father Osric Holmes, was born on the wrong side of the blanket.”
I closed the door and sat on the bed. My hands were trembling as I tore it open and read the message.
He worked his way up the front of my thighs and then paused. I could hear his heavy breathing against the background of dripping water and the muffled din of Trafalgar Square beyond the thick walls.
Stamford’s house was a tidy domicile on Christchurch Street, not far from the old Royal Hospital. Chelsea is a pretty area, remote from the city proper, yet accessible – perfect for a young doctor and newlywed making a name for himself. Stamford was a few years my junior, yet he was settled and well on his way to a successful career, while I... well, I did not want to contemplate my own bleak future.
“That won’t be necessary.” I shifted in distress, for Holmes was chortling beside me and I feared the servant would discern that something was amiss.
The Irishman’s hot breath was on my neck. “Moran is... useful. But he’s not a favorite. I have no favorites. No one knows my mind. I let no one know it. I have learned my lesson on that account.”
“No,” he said. His face was against mine, his cheek wet. “Watson – John! Stay with me! All will be well, I promise.”
He smiled that snake-like smile. “I knew my invitation would find its mark. But perhaps you were not my target.”
In the morning we rose, dressed, and a carriage took us to the dock, where a steamship was boarding passengers for America. A late summer rain was falling and we sat in the carriage, waiting for our turn to embark.
“It’s us against them, Watson,” he maintained one evening. They were showing a film in the Recreation Area, so Holmes and I had retreated to the corner of the forlorn garden, Holmes puffing his final cigarette of the day. “We’re besieged by the mob mentality. My brother thinks I can be broken down, but he misjudges the strength of my will. Mycroft has always discounted me. It’s because I’m the younger brother.”
“He is a brilliant man,” Fred acknowledged. “He’s also a menace to himself and others. Don’t let him be a menace to you, John. I think you will be a success here. Don’t let Sherlock and his negative attitude sidetrack you.” Fred stood, ending the conversation. “It’s nice that we’ve had this little chat. I’ll see you at dinner.”
“Yes,” said Holmes, glowering at Fred darkly. “No funny business, my dear Watson! They want us to get to it, without actually getting to it.”
“Ever so light-headed,” he said. He touched his long yellow hair, which was tangled with filthy straw. “I must look a fright.”
We waited through the long morning and then the afternoon as Dilly sank into a listless sleep. Even Mick grew weary and he came out of the niche to relieve himself and breathe some fresh air. But I noted that his face lit up as he pulled James aside and they spoke closely together.
I thought about Mrs. Jenkins’s words as I undressed and prepared for my bath. That no one had ever cared enough for Holmes, as a boy or as a man. Until I came along. But what was my responsibility to my friend? And did he understand how that caring sometimes skirted what was decent and honourable – at least in my own conflicted mind?
“Splendid,” said Holmes. “The air will do us both a world of good. And we’ll bring the dog. It will do you good, too, won’t it, Gladstone?”
“But how did you know?” I probed. He did not answer. “Then why don’t you play yourself? You could win a lot of money.”
I knew Fred had my best interests at heart, but as I left the office all I could think about was Sherlock Holmes and his last chance.
“I’m alive,” said Holmes, opening his eyes. His eyes are hazel, green in some lights, golden in others. “Don’t worry.”
“I am not going to attempt anything, John Watson,” he replied. “And I am not a sodomite. I do not put such labels upon myself. It is limiting. I open myself up to all possibilities, as should any truly rational man.”
“Oh, I don’t know,” said the first fellow, looking me up and down. “I don’t like the suit, but I certainly like what’s underneath it.”
Charles shrank from Holmes and turned to me in dismay. “I was in love, Doctor! I poured out my soul in them! I wrote that I didn’t care that Dilly was... what she was. And I wrote her poetry, too.” He looked up at Holmes, tearfully. “It was quite good poetry, if I do say so myself.”
“I’m sorry,” I said, thinking of my own mother’s beautiful face, her golden hair and gentle blue eyes. “It sounds a beastly existence.”
“John, calm yourself!” Holmes admonished. “I fear that telling you everything will only upset you. And you need quiet to heal properly.”
Is it any wonder that after I obtained my medical degree I was eager to leave England and make my fortune with Her Majesty’s forces in the East?
“I know.” I sighed and took out my watch. It was getting late and in the morning we were to get into Mycroft’s carriage and begin that long, wet journey back to London. But I did not wish to quit the library – at least not yet. This might be my only opportunity to visit Holmes’ boyhood home, my last chance to learn something of my reticent friend’s early life. “I’m sorry I did not visit the hives with you yesterday. You seem to put great stock in them.”
“Don’t know? Why you know me, Doctor!” he cried. “You know me sure as the nose on your face! I’m Mick Wiggins!”
“How the devil did you get in here? The door did not open and I doubt you climbed in through the window.”
“I have eyes everywhere in this city – never forget that,” the Irishman hissed. “I know how you live and I know where you live. I have known it since the day you moved into that rat hole in Baker Street. It is beneath you, Johnny Lad! And Mr. Sherlock Holmes is beneath you. He fancies himself a genius, but he is a fraud. His egotism verges on the unbalanced. Mark my words – he will end up in an asylum before long. There’s a wide streak of insanity in the Sherringford family. The old Earl was barking mad – and so will be Mycroft and Sherlock in their turn.”
My two patients were spot on time: Mrs. Campbell, a no-nonsense Scotswoman with a goiter, and Mrs. Ralston, the recently married lady with a new complaint of nausea in the morning. For the former I prescribed regular doses of iodine, and for the latter plenty of rest, bland food, and the expectation of an heir in about six month’s time. Mrs. Campbell promptly paid her bill and went off to procure the iodine, while Mrs. Ralston burst into copious tears. Women often do that on being told they are expectant. The first time it happened I thought the woman was upset at the idea of pregnancy, but I soon learned that females cry with happiness almost as often as they cry with sorrow or pain.
“Now see here, Holmes!” the major thundered. “I summoned the doctor to treat my son, not to have the Earl’s busybody brother stick his nose where it doesn’t belong!”
“Yes,” said the housekeeper. “There’s a small portrait of the Mademoiselle in the Earl’s bedroom in the other wing, painted by her brother. They say she came from a family of famous artists over in France. Mr. Osric certainly loved to make pictures. There are boxes and boxes of drawings and paintings he and his lady made on their travels, but they are stored away and no one looks at them nowadays.”
I ignored her went onward. But then a young man began walking alongside me. He was a guardsman in uniform, tall, robust, and sandy-haired. I knew that some young soldiers often padded their meagre incomes with “presents” from gentlemen, but I had never been accosted by one of them before.
“Yes,” Alfie agreed. “But this is... is something worse, Doctor. It isn’t the one who the letters was written to who demanded money from him, but another, an unscrupulous villain! He drained poor Mr. Charles of his allowance and even caused him to pawn some valuables he inherited from his grandfather. And when that was gone, he borrowed money from his sister, Miss Anne. But when he could no longer pay, the cad went to the major. He showed him one of the letters and said he had more. And he threatened to reveal the contents and leave poor Charles in disgrace!”
“Good to be where we both belong,” he added. “And together, my dear boy. That is the most important thing of all. Soon, Watson. Soon, in Baker Street.”
“Group,” said Holmes. “Oh joy. At three o’clock. Yes, I think we shall remember. We’re not raving idiots -- at least not yet. But give us sufficient time and we may surprise you.”
“Quite,” he said, raising an expressive eyebrow. “It means fair-headed one, which is entirely wrong, as you can see. My head is dark, as were all the members of my family. My brother is getting rather bald now, but the hair he has is dark as well. The Holmeses, evidently, have a queer sense of humor when it comes to names. My father’s name was Osric and my brother’s is Mycroft, so that gives you some idea.”
“We are both bachelors,” Holmes answered, taking out his pipe and lighting it. “We reside together in Marylebone.”
“Don’t be such a prig, Watson,” said Holmes. He was scanning the throng, looking for something – or someone. “This way.” He pulled me along with him. A tall, thin man was standing in the corner, smoking a thick cigar. “Pardon, but are you the proprietor of this establishment?”
“Yes,” Charles agreed. “We all warned him, but Reggie wouldn’t be dissuaded. He wrote the boy verses and enticed him to my room when I was out. There he seduced him. The boy cried and fought, but Reggie had him anyway. Then he ran home and told his father. After that there was the devil to pay.”
Yes. Where was the doctor? No, I was the doctor. I used to be a doctor. Long ago. When I was alive. In another life.
That was no surprise. He’d had no new case in weeks and during such periods of inactivity he often resorted to the anaesthetizing effect of morphine or the false stimulation of cocaine. He was quiet, almost comatose, rather than restless and glittery-eyed, so I posited that he was under the influence of the former.
“Work keeps me alive,” he said. “And I have much work to do.” The servant was standing behind him and the Irishman nodded to him. “Take Dr. Watson’s bag, and his hat and coat.” The fellow stepped forward and took them from me. “Now give me your cane, John.”
“I say, Holmes – is this... wise?” I was still shaken by the knowledge that James had been Holmes’ confidant.
“Simply making conversation,” I answered. “Unless you wish for me to remain completely silent for the rest of my natural life?”
Gladstone would have been fine staying with Mrs. Hudson. He’s stayed with Mrs. Hudson dozens of times. He’s perfectly happy with Mrs. Hudson. She feeds him leftover shepherd’s pie and makes a fuss over him.
At 7:15, after telling Mrs. Hudson and James that I would be going out for the evening, I slipped the revolver into my belt, put on my coat and hat, gripped my bag and my swordstick, and went out to hail a cab to take me to St. James.
“She won’t need to last very long,” said Lestrade. “This is an open and shut case. Look at his hands, Mr. Holmes. Covered in blood they are. He’s the murderer and the other is his helper. They’ll both swing for it – and promptly, too.”
“Is that really necessary?” I asked as he hung his dressing gown on the bedpost and settled in beside me. “That hidden passage is the worst kept secret in the county.”
Holmes curled his lip in distaste. “Yes, yes. I’m supposed to go every day to some meeting place in a church hall around the corner from here. But what about you? Are you doing that?”
One hot afternoon, as I sat in a Roman café  with an elderly English lady who had befriended me, she upbraided me for consorting with the city’s most infamous sodomites.
A trio of cello, violin, and flute was playing, so I listened for a while. Then I moved off to the card room. Some ladies were playing at whist, but a table of gentlemen in the corner were engaged in a game with which I was unfamiliar. They were seriously intent on their cards and gambling heavily – I saw piles of money that made my palms itch. I squinted, trying to understand what the game was about.
“My name is Holmes,” he corrected. “Certainly. I always have something to say.” And then he was silent.
“Begging your pardon, Dr. Watson,” said Collins. “But orders from Inspector Lestrade say both prisoners are to be kept here, on close watch.”
“A little,” I admitted. The truth was very little. I’d sold two stories, the safari one and another adventure based on an incident I witnessed in Bombay, and made the sum total of £3, which was hardly enough to keep me in paper and fine-quality pen and ink. Still, it was something.
James brought up my breakfast and I was almost finished with it when a summons came from nearby Gloucester Place. A young boy had fallen from a tree and broken his leg – would I be available to set it?
I knew James was obliquely referring to the blackmail plot that had caused Charles Griffith to attempt to take his own life. The servants at Campton knew all, which meant that their compatriots at Sherringford knew all as well. There was undoubtedly not a kitchen or stable in all of West Sussex that did already have intelligence of the entire sad story.
“I observe,” said Holmes, lifting a cunning eyebrow. “You charmed even that old dragon Mrs. Jenkins, and that is not a mean feat. She told me she wishes we would visit more often. You never did get to view the Folly, did you? Perhaps next time. The views are deucedly romantic, if one believes in such twaddle.”
I turned to look and saw a fresh bruise slowly blooming just where my right shoulder met my neck. “Nothing. Nothing at all.”
The Irishman examined the cane with interest, pulling it apart to reveal the blade hidden within. “Johnny Lad has a sting these days. He’s no longer a boy, but a man who mustn’t be crossed. Did you come here to run me through, John?”
“You had better catch him before he jumps into the water,” I advised. “If we bring him home wet and muddy, Mrs. Hudson will have all three of our heads!”
This sounded like superstitious nonsense, even more dubious from a man so invested in reason. “You mean kings and queens? And not those in a desk of cards.”
We stood on the dock and waved the ship away, watching James and Mick on the deck until they were mere specks, and until the ship was lost in the mists of the Irish Sea.
“I don’t understand,” he said, shaking his head. “You hate me! You have made that clear enough the last few times we met.”
“Really, Watson, I’ve rarely known you to be so out of temper,” said Holmes, rapping on the front of the carriage. The coachman opened the slot. “We will need a few moments of respite, Webb. If you would be so good as to pull to the side of the road?”
Needless to say, those charms did not disappoint. Paris is a city with a reputation for sin, especially for jaded Englishmen. But I was far from jaded, which worked to my advantage. Even relative innocence has its appeal, and compared to the usual run of English sinner, I was a mere babe in the woods. As elsewhere on the continent, my youthful enthusiasm and fresh face opened doors to palaces and brothels, ballrooms and low dives, theatres and racecourses, literally anywhere that offered amusements I had scarce dreamed of in my Spartan Jesuit school.
Miss Morstan’s face turned melancholy. “He died a number of years ago.” She hesitated. “It’s a sad story. Perhaps we may speak of something else?”
And with that I followed my new-found friend out the door of our room and into my first day of drug rehab under the tutelage of Mr. Sherlock Holmes.
“No,” said Holmes. “I only told him that he need no longer fear further discovery – as long as he ceases to place his more illegal amorous twaddlings down on paper. I also returned his letters to him.”
“I understand, my dear boy,” he said. “I am not a beautiful young boy, like that fellow at Cleveland Street. Or even like the captivating Mick Wiggins. I’m older than you and my experience of... of love is limited and probably lacking. I realize that I am hardly the picture of a desired love object for a man like you – a man who can have anyone he desires, male or female.”
By now the entire Group was agitated and irritated. Poor Betty kept wiping her nose on the sleeve of her ratty cardigan and a burly black-haired man in a Metallica tee shirt glowered, his demeanor more than a tad intimidating.
Holmes and I walked out into the night air. A small crowd had gathered in the narrow street to watch the charade of the dangerous criminals being taken away. We waited until Lestrade and his constables got into the van and clattered off before heading back up the alley to Old Compton Street.
“It is possible to be an American and also Irish-born. The United States of America is full of immigrants.” He blew a puff of acrid smoke over my head.
I was truly taken aback by Alfie’s revelations. My mind immediately flew to the Salisbury and other such ‘theatrical’ establishments. But I imagine the low dives where such she-men ply their trade are not to be found on St. Martin’s Lane or even Charing Cross, but deep in the shadows of the City, far from the knowledge of decent folk.
“My landlady doesn’t allow one,” I confessed, pouring myself a cup. “Or a hot plate. The electric kettle is the only appliance permitted. I usually make myself a piece of toast when I get to the clinic. Or else I pick up a pastry or something on the walk over there.”
The rain had ceased, but we stepped out onto a disgracefully muddy road that sucked at our boots and spattered our trousers. The grass on the verge was even more sodden, but Gladstone snorted and sniffed there quite happily.
“If you feel well enough to travel, I’ll make the arrangements tomorrow!” he vowed. “I shall wire Mrs. Hudson and tell her to air out our rooms – as long as she promises not to touch anything! That damned woman and her dust-mop will be the death of me!”
“I suppose it won’t do any harm,” Collins said grudgingly. He was not a hard man, but dealing with criminals every day had jaded him. But unlike some in positions of power, he seemed to have no wish to inflict undue hardship on the prisoners under his sway. “You may visit Wiggins and Mitchell.”
I referred the man to a specialist in Harley Street; I fear he has a weakness in his heart which is causing a lack of blood flow. A serious complaint and one beyond my ken, I fear.
“Mrs. Hudson installed a lavatory room two years ago and it’s a wonderful convenience. Of course, the maids are always washing the clothes in the bathtub. And the water is never hot enough.”
“Mycroft has offered us the use of his house in Sussex,” he said. “If you can tear yourself away from your practice for a few days, I thought we could leave on Friday.”
“Watson has spent time in India,” said Stamford as we sat down in the drawing room to await dinner. “Miss Morstan’s father was an officer in an Indian regiment.”
At close range I could see that my patient was young, scarcely more than a boy, perhaps 19 at the most, and strikingly handsome. And his eyes were full of fear. He opened his mouth to speak, but nothing came out but a strangled rasp.
The Irishman watched as she hurried across the piazza to her carriage. “That woman is a meddler,” he pronounced. “But she’s old. She might not live much longer.”
“Don’t be preposterous!” I have always known that Holmes had a depraved streak, but on this trip he seemed particularly determined to provoke me.
“No,” I said finally. “When Mr. Holmes needs my assistance, he will summon me.” But then I realized that if he did not do so soon, then it would be too late. “James, I must tell you something. I might need to go away myself. If that happens, then you must do whatever you can to aid Holmes. In my absence he may need... someone. You came here to be a valet, to be a good servant, and Holmes will need that when... when I am no longer in residence. Mr. Holmes is a brilliant man, but he can be very disorganized and slipshod when it comes to his personal habits.”
And always in the background stood the Irishman, smiling grimly to himself. Always on the fringe of it all, watching me. Sometimes he’d disappear for days and I knew he was off somewhere, doing business. I did not ask what that business was. I didn’t want to know what it was. But that thought of it kept me awake many, many nights.
The footman entered, carrying a large silver tray. “I brought you tea and toast, sir. The toast is cut on the diagonal, just the way you like it. Couldn’t let you go to bed without a nibble, could I?”
How much was this my fault? There was my connection with Holmes and my connection with the Irishman – I was the sole link between them. The only tie. The Irishman had sent Holmes the drawings of me, which he had never mentioned. The Irishman had set himself up as Holmes’ nemesis and rival. He told me he had been watching me – watching us – for years. Watching – but to what sinister purpose?
“And so it is,” replied Holmes, his eyebrow raised. “His through inheritance. As the elder son, it’s all his – lock, stock, and lack of heat. This is Dr. Watson. He will be my guest.”
“You will need to cede that control tonight,” I breathed as I guided him through the door of the bedroom. “Because now I am in command. And you must yield to me – entirely.”
Fred raised an eyebrow, but then he nodded. I knew he was pleased. The entire group began nodding encouragement. All except Holmes, of course.
Major Griffith slumped down onto the chair and covered his face in his hands. “I cannot tell you, Mr. Holmes! If I do, it will be the ruination of our family!”
“I’m a physician. That’s a sort of gentleman,” I said, thinking of my conversation with Holmes. “And I was an officer in the Army, so there’s also that.”
My father died while I was in the Dutch seminary, so I had a small allowance from my inheritance, as well as a sum of money in trust for my education, whatever I should choose to pursue. But I was sick of study, sick of being cooped up, sick of being told what to do from morning until night. Therefore I decided to remain on the continent for at least a little while longer.
“Well!” said Homes. “There’s no need to swear, Watson. I thought it obvious. I came through the secret passageway between my room and Mycroft’s. This house was a gift to my ancestor, Henry Sherringford-Holmes, from King James the First. My theory is that the passageway was created for the king to have effortless access from this room, which was the Royal Guest Chamber in olden times, to Henry’s room next door.”
“He is incarcerated, yes,” Holmes confirmed. “He and his friend, Mr. Mitchell. But we hope they will soon be released.”
And then there was Holmes himself. And the whole love disaster. I knew if I moved in with him I was leaving myself open to more grief and certain heartbreak.
Two nights before I was scheduled to be released I almost said something. I couldn’t contain myself any longer.
“I understand.” I said. I knew that to admit he was in love with me was beyond his ability to say. But I knew what was in his heart. The words were not necessary. “Now it’s time for sleep. I think I heard the clock strike three.”
Holmes’s keen eyes raked the room. “That cupboard.” He pointed to a small door in the wall, which was slightly ajar. “He nudged it open and reached inside. “Damn it!” He cried and quickly withdrew his hand. “We have found Wiggins’ pet, Watson.”
As the morning turned into afternoon, I waited for Holmes, but by two o’clock he had not returned to Baker Street. There was so much I wanted to say to him, but I had no idea how to say it, or how he would receive my confessions. I began to pace, my nerves getting the better of me. But my body, and especially my leg, was stiff with the tensions of the past few days. I was also exhausted, my sleep being sorely troubled. I needed something to temper my aches and take my mind off my worries. So, with no further patients anticipated and no word from my compatriot, I put on my topcoat, walked out of 221b, and hailed a cab to take me to the Turkish Bath on Northumberland Street.
“I need to go back and close down my medical practice,” I said. “I have an acquaintance who will take over my few patients. And I must settle my accounts. I wish to leave no debts behind.”
“Yes,” I conceded. “I have always liked blonde women, especially when they have some wit about them.”
“And the morocco box. I began that when I was at university. It was a minor pleasure, but it also alleviated boredom – and desire. I had a friend at my college and I felt things for him that I did not want to feel. And so I did not feel. Soon that pleasure became a necessity. Over the years I have tried to control it... but you know that I always go back. I cannot shake it.”
“Mr. Mycroft is the picture of his father, except more...” Mrs. Jenkins hesitated, unwilling to say a word against her master.
I followed the lad over to a corner table where the gentleman in question was standing. I recognized him instantly. It is difficult not to recognize one of the most notable men in London society, especially when that man is over six feet tall, stout, long-haired, and wearing an extravagant dove grey suit with a flowing purple cravat.
“Do you still believe in God?” he asked. “What a proper little Jesuit you would have made, Johnny Lad. But that would have been such a waste. You are much more suited to your new occupation. You have a composed exterior, but beneath that I perceive a restless and passionate nature. At least the females you have found pleasure with have been complimentary of your skills as a lover.”
“Come on, Doctor!” Wiggins urged. “I’ve a friend who’s the bar boy at the Salisbury. We’ll be made welcome there.” He grinned at me winningly. “I’ll pay. I told you I was flush!”
Alfie’s eyes widened. “This was about letters, too, Doctor!” He paused, unsure whether to offer further intelligence. “Love letters.”
I stumbled back to the carriage, slamming the door behind me. It was several minutes before Holmes returned, tugging at Gladstone’s lead. The dog jumped inside, his paws filthy with muck. He sprawled on the floor of the carriage and began noisily licking himself. Holmes likewise settled on the opposite seat. He rapped sharply on the barrier and a moment later the carriage lurched forward.
“You should be, John,” he said, his voice mesmerizing. “You have no idea of my power. Or of my grand plans. In your entire life you will never meet anyone who is my intellectual equal. I am offering you a chance at greatness. You will have more power, more wealth, more satisfaction than you have ever dreamed of. That is my promise. What does the mundane world have to offer you? A pittance! A small allowance on which to live. A dismal career as a solicitor like your boring father. A drab middle class female as wife. A hobbled little life. That is what you can expect. What a waste of beauty that would be! I collect beautiful things, you know. And you are extraordinarily beautiful.”
I rolled my eyes at him, then turned to my patient. “How are you today, young man?” I removed the bandage. The scoring was still red and angry-looking.
“And you test my patience,” Holmes said through gritted teeth. “Here comes the lad. Let us go and find a cab. The night is yet young and our next stop is Cleveland Street.”
I pointed out that the Jag had no rear seat and a boot that would take a single suitcase and not much else.
“This is not your room,” Holmes replied. “It’s Mycroft’s room. Perhaps you were expecting him and are sorely disappointed?”
“Your passion is evident,” I said. “I’m surprised you did not pursue biology or another study that related to the natural sciences.”
He tried to make it seem as it everything was fine, but I knew otherwise. The Irishman did not change plans on a whim. Something was wrong. Very, very wrong.
“Yes. An empire – of crime.” His eyes closed as he remembered. “And this thrilled me. He spoke of the world that existed underneath London – a world of money and excitement and power. He said we would be mightier than the police, more influential than the government. We would rule London, and then England – and beyond. He said nothing was beyond our grasp. And he stroked me and kissed me and drew me in more and more each day. And then... my grandfather sent word that he was returning to Sherringford from Paris. My tutor urged me to run away with him. He said he cared for me and we would hide where the old man would never find us. We would always be together. But first...”
Constable Clark waited while we dressed and then drove us across the city in a police van. While in the maria, we did not speak. We all knew this day was coming, but I hoped it might be delayed a trifle longer. Poor Dilly’s life had been so short and tragic, and now her – his – death was destined to be equally as lamentable.
“A fruitless oath, since you never knew that unfortunate lady,” Holmes retorted. “Now when are you going to tell me the entire truth?”
That startled me. That is what the Irishman always said after he took a drop. He often said that whiskey was a gift from the gods, created to stimulate and inspire mankind. Of course, he usually spoke these words as he was plying me with alcohol to keep me docile and pliant, so I viewed his philosophy with a somewhat skeptical eye.
“An Irishman,” I said with confidence. “My mother was Irish and I well remember her soft accent. You have that slight softness in your speech that Englishmen do not have, but which is common in Welshmen and Irishmen. And a moment ago you said ‘tink’ instead of ‘think.’ I heard you make the same mistake when you were talking about your estate in Virginia. The Irish don’t pronounce the ‘th’ sound. You were careful to say it most of the time, but sometimes you slipped, like you did when you were annoyed with me.”
As soon as I had taken one sip I knew it was drugged, but I finished it anyway. Rather drugged senseless than to be fully aware and fighting a battle I was bound to lose. For there was no point in fighting. If this consummation had happened in another way, at another time, another place, I might not have been fighting it at all. That I was attracted to the Irishman was not in doubt. He was magnetic, even mesmerizing. I often wondered if he used a form of the hypnotic arts to lure men into doing his will – the power of his mind was certainly strong enough. Still, this was not the way I would have chosen to meet my fate. Unfortunately, that choice was not mine to make.
“Our landlady, Mrs. Hudson, has a small staff and they meet our basic needs. I had an orderly in the Army, but otherwise I have always taken care of myself, as has Holmes.”
“I see.” The discussion was making me extremely uncomfortable. “I say, Holmes, is all this necessary?”
“Pack, John,” the Irishman ordered. “We take the train to Liverpool and leave for New York in the morning.”
“My dear boy,” he said afterwards as he lit yet another pipe. Now that he was out of rehab he’d exchanged cigarettes for a black briar which burned some potent and distinctive-smelling blend. “What’s that mark on your shoulder? I certainly did not make it.”
He pushed me to my knees and I did not falter. I did what was required of me and performed my duty to the best of my ability.
But Wilde’s friend, Mr. Ross, was staring at me intently. He leaned over and whispered some intelligence in Wilde’s ear.
“Ah!” said Holmes. “I doubt I was ever a baby. Mycroft -- possibly. He’s round and pink and cranky like a gigantic infant. But I believe I was born fully formed, adult and in the full power of my intellect, like Zeus.”
I was tired from the long journey, but I was also restless. “Perhaps it would do me good to get out. And we haven’t dined at the Langham in a dog’s age.”
“Resting comfortably,” said his brother. “Or as comfortably as Sherlock is ever able to rest when he is on the scent of a mystery like a hound after a fox. In here.” He indicated yet another door.
“I have engaged an attorney for the boys,” said Holmes, imperiously. “Mr. Humbolt Savage, barrister. He, along with their solicitor, Mr. Leland Grooms, will be seeing them tomorrow. In their absence, I am to be their representative. I have brought Dr. Watson, who is known to you as a first-rate physician, to examine them and ascertain the state of their health. I believe Mr. Mitchell is ill.”
I got out of the bed and washed while she changed the dirty linen on which I’d been broken in. When I was clean, I put on the silk dressing gown and looked at myself in the mirror. I was still the same as I’d been before – my face still smooth, my hair in golden curls, and my eyes as blue as the Italian sky. But now I knew what I was, what I was born to be. Not a priest, or a solicitor, or a physician, or a even worthless layabout. I was a whore. A thing to be used by men stronger and greater than myself.
The boy in Gloucester Place had a simple sprain and not a break. He was in some pain, but he was more interested in the bandage I wrapped around his ankle. His mother was the one who was most distraught, crying and wringing her hands.
“You’re early,” he remarked. His face was grim. “I was afraid I would have to send someone to collect you.”
“Yes.” I didn’t even blink to admit the truth. “I’ve been going at least three times a week, as well as checking in with a substance abuse counselor who works at Dr. Koenig’s clinic. But I’ll go with you, even every day, if that’s what it takes.”
“This pigeon is unlikely to fly very far,” I returned, leaning close to Holmes. “It’s as I feared. Galloping consumption, I would say. Dilly needs to be seen by a specialist to confirm the diagnosis. And she – he – needs treatment – immediately.”
“Perhaps you should sit down?” Holmes guided me towards the main salon. “There are chairs over here. Did you notice that large portrait of the female in blue? That’s a Vernet, and a damned fine one! I knew there was a reason I was sent that invitation.”
The Earl, Holmes’ grandfather, looked a right reprobate. He was dressed somberly, but had the flushed face of a heavy drinker and the red-rimmed, leering eyes of a practiced sinner.
“Yes, he was arrested with a large amount of drugs on his person, enough to brand him a dealer, although he claimed it was a supply for himself alone. His brother, who is a rather influential man, was able to get him admitted here instead. But this is his last chance. And he’ll remain here until he shapes up. However long it takes.”
“They build,” Holmes asserted. “Their hives are amazing works of architecture. And the honey they create is sweeter than any food man can devise. When I was a lad I used to spend hours observing their comings and goings. Mankind would do well to emulate them.”
“Innocence is a relative term,” the Irishman reflected. “In the eyes of most decent people, those two are hardly innocent and deserve whatever penalty they draw.”
My face went red at the realization that my body was betraying my interest in what had passed on the stage.
“Of course, it is only the dictates of so-called proper Christian society that have proscribed such relations. Any man who has read the Greeks, especially Plato, would know that the Ancients had a much more enlightened view of men who desired other men. And Renaissance Italy offers us Michelangelo and Leonardo and their sublime creations as proof that sodomy need not preclude genius. Even the Immortal Bard wrote blissful sonnets in praise of a beautiful boy.”
I had three patients in my consulting room: a man with numbness in his extremities, a woman with a nervous complaint, and a mother with a child suffering from catarrh.
221b was little changed in our brief absence, except for a large pile from the Post, which Holmes immediately pounced on.
I had no doubt I would be accepted, and I still had my father’s money in trust for my education to pay for my fees and books, so the main obstacle was, of course, the Irishman. But I needed to waste no time, for the term was due to start in a few weeks.
James’ eyes widened as he took the ticket. And in a moment James and Mick were in each other’s arms. “Thank you, Mr. Sherlock! Oh, thank you! You won’t regret your kindness!”
“Take your mistress inside and give her this.” I pressed a sedative vial into her maid’s hand. “Call me if there is a further problem.”
“And never had a boy since then?” Thommie marveled. “Many of the gents that hire me are married gentleman. They don’t say so, but I can tell. Some are regulars. Once they have Thommie, they always come back for more,” he boasted.
Thommie, the dark-haired lad, knelt before the muscular fellow and took his manhood into his mouth. A man sitting in front of us gasped and whispered to his friend. The friend, in turn, reached his hand into the first man’s trousers and began to stroke him. I turned my head away, but there was no place in the room I could look without seeing something that I wished to avoid. All around us the watching men were pleasuring themselves as the scene before us all continued.
The door creaked open. It was one of the counselors, George, a wizened former heroin addict with tattoos covering his skinny arms. “Fred says this area is off-limits during evening hours. And the film is over -- it’s time for Final Affirmations.”
“I appreciate your consideration, James.” I rose from the water and he immediately wrapped me in a large, soft towel. “I can dry myself, if you please.”
I followed the lad out of the Salisbury, up St. Martin’s Lane and then towards Charing Cross and the warren of alleys between that thoroughfare and nearby Covent Garden. We paused before a nondescript building and Wiggins pushed open the door and trotted up the stairway, beckoning me.
“Thank God for that!” I exclaimed. “I’ve had a deuced time in carriages recently. The train cannot be any worse!”
I smiled. He did not often fall into a parody of the Stage Irishman, but when pressed, as now he seemed to be, his pretenses fell away.
Wiggins sauntered into the pub as if he owned the place and was greeted by another lad in an apron, carrying a tray. “’Allo, Mick!” the boy cried.
Finally a hansom came by and I flagged it down. I brought out my trunk, my valise, and a box of books tied with twine. The cabbie loaded them into the boot and I climbed in, my medical bag at my side. I looked for all the world like a prosperous doctor starting off on a long vacation.
“So everyone knew this whole story – except me?” I shook my head wearily. “I’m surprised it wasn’t on the front page of ‘The Times’!”
I stared at him, my face flushing. “If you knew I was in there, then why the devil didn’t you come in?”
“Yes, Doctor!” said Alfie Barton, brightening. “Campton Grange is part of the larger Sherringford estate – the major is the Earl’s tenant – so many of us in service here were trained at the Hall. My mother and Mrs. Hopkins are sisters, and my own sister is a parlour maid there. Jamie and Harry and I was all born at Sherringford and raised up there.”
“I am not too familiar with the Indian regiments or with the eastern regions,” I said. “After Maiwand I was invalided home from Peshawur by way of Bombay.”
“The lad means well.” I swabbed my forehead with alcohol to clean out the cut. It stung, but only a little. Then I applied some healing paste, covering it with a small plaster. “Done! I am still capable of doctoring myself. Now, you were saying about this air-gun?”
He returned to the carriage and the door slammed. I watched the conveyance clatter down the narrow street into the enveloping darkness.
And so I spent my first year of study. And I did well. I was not at the top of the class, but I was not at the bottom, either. Being in the anonymous middle was exactly where I wished to be, just one of many, not standing out in any way, either for good or ill. I put my expensive suits and my jewelry away and dressed somberly. I proceeded as I had among the Jesuits, eating simply, drinking not at all, exercising my body and expanding my mind – and I thrived on that regimen.
“Obviously,” Holmes sniffed. “Now you’re one of them -- JOHN.” He emphasized my name like it was an obscenity.
“Yes,” said Charles. “And Claude Warwick and Aldie Bancroft, all members of our set but with nothing to do with the boy’s violation. We were made scapegoats, Mr. Holmes, while Reggie Avonmore was spared! His father is the Duke of St. Austell and the college turned a blind eye to the real culprit for fear of angering such a powerful peer. Reggie took a brief holiday on the Continent and is currently back at Magdalen, seducing everyone within his grasp. It’s not fair!”
“You have struggled?” Holmes cried. “And so have I! Struggled with emotions I never wished to feel. Struggled with thoughts I masked with ceaseless work, and when that no longer sufficed, with drugs. When I met you that day at St. Bart’s I felt a connection I had never experienced with another person, save one. I was drawn to you as I never am to others, not even to members of my own family. When we went to Baker Street and looked at Mrs. Hudson’s rooms I was of two  minds – I wanted you to say you would come and live with me, but I also wanted you to go far away from my sight. Because I knew your presence would trouble me. Trouble my mind. And also trouble my heart.”
How could I explain that I was going away with the man who had so damaged him in order to save his life?
Those words struck a blow to my heart. “You wouldn’t!” I felt my cheeks flush with a righteous anger. “If you do anything to her, you’ll be sorry! I swear it!”
After a while I thought I’d go mad if I didn’t get out of there. I began to pick up the books on the Irishman’s private shelf and read them, trying not to let my mind rot or turn to evil. His personal library was an eclectic one, containing everything from the classics in Greek, Latin, and Hebrew, to the sensational novels of Wilkie Collins, but tilted towards the sciences, both practical and theoretical. And so I read. I believe those books saved my sanity, but I didn’t understand how I would be saved until much later.
“I’ll make it up that hill before he does,” I remarked. “He’s fatter than ever. Mrs. Hudson and the girls will spoil him to an early grave.”
Before he entered the carriage, the Irishman took out his pistol and checked the chamber. Then he hid it in the folds of his overcoat and stepped in beside me. Moments later we were off.
“Suit yourself,” she shrugged. “But you’ll come around. You should cheer up, young gentleman. I never saw the master take so to anyone. He’s quite besotted, he is. You could have anything you desired. He’s wealthier that you can imagine, although he don’t put on airs.”
“This is all I need!” sighed Mrs. Hudson. “I will carry the box.” She took it in her arms. “You had better go up to your rooms. You have a visitor and I expect you and Mr. Holmes to deal with him.”
I got into bed. James was correct – the bedclothes had been warmed very nicely by the flannel-enwrapped brick.
“Madam, you would not dare charge extra for that mangy feline!” Holmes blared. “I know for a fact that she has caught at least ten mice that were lurking in your kitchen and would have infested the entire house had she not impeded their progress. I should charge you for her services!”
I had obtained a suit of clothes from a wealthy young gentleman who left Rome to return to England and discarded his extra belongings so he wouldn’t have to take them on the train. The suit was almost new and I took it to a local tailor who altered it to fit as if had been made especially for me. I went to the market near my pensione and bought a length of silk and the tailor made me a fine cravat for only a few pence. Thus, I was ready to attend Lady Percy’s salon in clothing I wouldn’t be ashamed to stand up in.
“I’m going,” I said serenely. “Give my regards to your charming wife. Tell her that her son needs rest and a mother’s care and all will be well.”
And with that Sherlock Holmes and I continued up the Strand and into the City to the courts and gaols of the Old Bailey.
Something crept up my spine, like I’d seen a snake. “No. I’m a free Englishman. I profess no religion – anymore.”
The door was opened by a man equally nondescript. He looked more like a clerk than a male madam: of middling height, with a dark moustache and thinning hair, in shirt sleeves. This was Hammond, the proprietor.
I set down the box and walked to the small window, which looked out on the yard and another building. “Not a very cheerful view.”
She looked at me as one looks at a silly, wayward child who is racing towards the edge of a cliff. “You left Rome last time without taking my husband’s stickpin. I promised it to you.” She opened her reticule and took out a small velvet box. “I was hoping to meet you today, so I carried it with me.”
“There is no case,” I pointed out. “Major Griffith is unlikely to hire you to find his son’s blackmailer, especially since you quarreled with him and he undoubtedly thinks you are a damned conceited ass.”
“Neither have I,” said Holmes, turning it over with his long fingers. “Glendalough is an Irish placename, is it not?”
“I’m preparing your bath, sir,” said James, the youthful footman. “Mr. Sherlock told Mr. Lovell that you was to have a hot bath every evening. I’ve just been hauling up the water.” He poured a brimming bucket into the copper tub.
Stamford laughed. “I know what you mean, old man. Women have marriage on the brain, that’s the truth. But it wouldn’t hurt you to meet the lady in question. It might even help.”
“Mrs. Hudson will be glad that her provisions are appreciated. And how are you, Mick? You look tired.”
“This one,” said Holmes, his ear to the door. “There seems a disturbance in our Mr. Fisher’ room. Perhaps he and his compatriots are enjoying their ill-gotten gains. Or arguing over them.”
“And...” he added in his baiting manner. “You had Major Griffith’s good lady eating out of your hand like a prize cow.”
“Come, Watson,” said Holmes, linking his arm with mine. “Let’s hurry! I’m deucedly hungry! It was quite unneighborly of the major not even to offer us so much as a crumb of toast or a cup of coffee while we were at Campton Grange. I will need something to feed my body while my brain feeds on thoughts of blackmail and sodomy!”
“If he is, in fact, her brother, and not another lover.” Holmes paused from his pacing to re-light his smoldering pipe. “And these letters you wrote – they were explicit?”
On stage the muscular man had moved the boy into yet another position, once again on his back, but it was obvious that their exertions were nearing a climax. The man grunted and pulled his glistening manhood out of Thommie, spending thunderously all over the lad’s pale chest. He then bent to lap up his own emissions like a cat, as Thommie panted in exhaustion. It was obvious that many members of the audience had also reached their culmination, as a flurry of handkerchiefs were produced to arrest the damage.
“Can I come, too, Doctor?” James asked, meeting me on the stairs with the bag in his hand. “I’ll carry this for you!”
The dining room at Sherringford Hall was, like the rest of the house, murky and cheerless. It was paneled in dark, ancient wood that I am certain was historic and priceless, but it did not put one in the humor for a companionable meal.
“We might do just that,” said Holmes with amusement. The whistle blasted again. “Get on board, gentlemen. The time is nigh.”
“Well, I will not brook this!” she angrily notified me. “If you and Mr. Holmes have had a falling out, I say that you should make up with him and have done with it. But do not go off in a huff and leave me to deal with his rants and tantrums! Nor to mention his horrible chemicals and that gun he shoots off whenever he is the worse for drink or whatever it is he takes when he’s bored!”
“So you and Mr. Wiggins are on a first name basis?” I teased. “What would your mother say to you befriending the likes of Mick Wiggins?”
“I think not,” said Holmes. “Because you and Dilly Mitchell and William Fisher have been in the blackmail business for quite some time, even before Dilly became mixed up with Charles Griffith. And what about the boy brothel on Cleveland Street, where you have been working regularly for over two years? When were you going to mention that nasty business?”
“Mr. Sherlock showed a great ability for numbers and such like, so the old Earl brought a friend of Mr. Mycroft’s from Cambridge who was supposedly a great scholar in that subject to tutor the lad. Mr. Sherlock was only 14 or thereabouts, but he was already as sharp as any grown man. He took to Mr. Mycroft’s friend like I’ve never seen him take to anyone. For months they were inseparable. And then...” she paused, a troubled expression on her face.
“‘God for Harry, England, and Saint George!’” Holmes finished. And he took my hand in his. “Are you with me, John?”
It was there that I began to dream. I suppose I was a late bloomer, but when my body finally came of age, it came with a vengeance. My nocturnal sins visited me almost every night, no matter how much I prayed, fasted, purged, and even scourged myself to stop it. Nothing helped. I sickened and wilted, unable to support the guilt I felt. I knew my body – young, healthy, and full of uncontrollable animal spirits – had failed me.
“This is the place,” said Holmes, rapping on the roof of the cab. The vehicle halted before a lively public house. I heard music within and the sound of shrill laughter.
“Dilly was prob’ly watching her. She has the room next to mine. Some gents don’t like a cat prowlin’ ’round the place when they’re on their game, you know what I mean? But you’ll do that, won’t you, Doctor? Take care of Moggy for me? Please?”
We waited for the taxi to arrive, then the two of us carried down my possessions. The landlady, her son, and daughter-in-law came out to watch the fun. They especially took note of Holmes, his attire, and the Jaguar.
“Oscar keeps a room at the Savoy for his assignations,” said Ross. “It’s not far and I have the key.”
“I want to...” I began hesitantly. “To say that I’m glad I’m here.” It sounded so cliché, but I plunged ahead. “I need to be here. I couldn’t handle the pressure... or the pain all on my own and so I relied on the drugs until I couldn’t handle them either. But I have to do it now. So I want everyone’s help. I would be happy to have everyone’s help.”
I must have blacked out momentarily, for when I opened my eyes I was face down on the pavement, with Holmes on top of me. He rolled to the side and seized me in his arms.
“No,” Holmes affirmed. “Mycroft and I were not confidantes. My tutor did not return to Trinity. I believe he went abroad for a long while. But I have never told anyone what happened... until now. You are the only one who knows. You... and my former tutor.”
“I don’t care for your choice of playmates,” he upbraided me. I thought I even detected a note of disappointment in his tone. Or was it jealousy?
“One day, my dear Watson,” he has said to me on more than one occasion. “One day you will reveal my techniques to the greater world, bringing me fame unlike any ever known by a modest consulting detective and resident genius. You shall be my Boswell, for every great man needs his official biographer.”
“And I doubt you will see him until next Christmas,” said Holmes. “And if he arrives in the middle of the night and finds Watson in his bed, then he will have to deal with that as he will. He might actually welcome a warm body in his bed. It’s dashed cold in this place, even in April!”
I decided to wait until that night. Then Holmes couldn’t get away, or wiggle out of it, as they say. He would have to listen and answer to me about Miss Mary Morstan.
I considered retreating to the continent or even America, but I had no ready funds. If I fled, it would be in complete penury and that I could not contemplate. I also thought about joining the Army or Navy, but I would need to buy a commission – I knew I would never survive in the ranks of common soldiers or sailors. And I dared not ask my brother for another pence. I went into the drawing room and stared at the portrait of my mother that had once hung in my father’s house in Guildford, a house long since sold. It was the only thing left of my childhood, yet as I gazed at it, I thought only about the value of the gilt frame and what I might get for it at the pawnbroker’s. That’s when I cracked, weeping until I had nothing left. That night I lay in bed and turned over in my head the many ways a man might kill himself.
“We will leave England,” he whispered, after a parade of doctors had examined me and pronounced that there was nothing wrong with me – at least, nothing physical. “We will travel to the Continent. These people in London are worthless. They are not fit to lick your boots. And your brother is the worst of them. He will not be so high and mighty for long, Johnny Lad.”
“It’s capital!” he boasted at the Criterion Bar where we had met for a drink a few days before. “You must marry! It’s quite the best thing I have ever done. Clean shirts, decent food, someone to order the servants about – and other advantages, too, if I may say so!” He winked and dug his elbow sharply into my ribs.
I paid the driver and tipped him well. I would have no need of money when I was with the Irishman. I was left standing at the gate, my things around me on the pavement.
“Never fear, Watson,” said Holmes. “James knows all. During the many hours we sat by your bedside, I unburdened myself somewhat. I needed to communicate with someone and James was the most likely candidate.”
“All right.” I stood up and headed to the shower, but then I stopped. “Where did you say this building was again?”
Holmes frowned. “Because the other room is my room and has been all of my life! Don’t be silly, Watson! This is the best solution. Trust me. And now, I believe I will take my rest. It’s been a long and tiring day.” And with that he turned over and buried his head in the pillow.
I slept late the next day. Thankfully, my repose was devoid of dreams. I believe my exhaustion and the stress of the events of the previous day collaborated with Morpheus to bring me the respite I so craved.
“A long time, Doctor,” Mick admitted. “She always was frail, but she got worse lately. She lost her voice and couldn’t sing no more. That’s when Bill Fisher said we should turn the screws on old Charlie Griffith and get money off him. Because we all knew Dilly was going down and she’d need money for medicine if she didn’t want to end up in the Workhouse.”
“And I feel the same,” I said, my heart exploding with happiness, terror, and relief. “I have felt the same since the moment I met you.”
The Irishman’s brow furrowed. He was not used to haggling and didn’t care for it. “You cannot save every stray cat from the gutter, Johnny Lad. Forget those two.”
“Shut it, Constable!” Lestrade snapped. “If Mr. Holmes wants to know more of this crime, he can read about it in the morning newspapers.”
“James!” I ejaculated. “I’m shocked by your vulgar vocabulary! You’ve been spending far too much time in the company of Mr. Wiggins and have picked up his impudent patterns of speech. That is not a very gentlemanly description of a respectable and lovely lady.”
But a few days later I was sitting at a café near the Spanish Steps when a shadow fell across my English newspaper.
“Let us have some sherry,” Wilde said, giving the redheaded lad some coins. “And a pint for yourself, Stan. And you, my dear John, must call me ‘Oscar.’ All my friends call me Oscar. I detest false formality. If all the world were on a Christian-name basis we would be the better for it.”
“Yes, indeed,” she nodded. “Here is Mr. Osric and his bride.” She pointed to a smaller portrait of a young couple, the man standing behind the seated woman, his hand resting lightly on her shoulder. They both looked bland and nondescript, hardly the parents of two brilliant minds such as the Holmes brothers. “Mr. Sherlock favors... his grandmother’s side of the family.”
“You’ll pay what I pay,” said Holmes. “Which is nothing. I told you Mycroft owns this building and the flat has been empty. He wants me to live somewhere secure and he wants me to live with someone who’ll keep an eye on me. I’ve consented to move here only if you’ll come in with me. I think it’s a capital arrangement, suitable to both parties – and agreeable to my brother, as well as the idiots at rehab who signed off on my release.”
“Ah!” he cried with undisguised delight. “You have me at a loss, sir, since I do not know your name.”
My thoughts turned to Miss Mary Morstan. She was lovely. And kind. And she stirred my blood. I was not one of those men who could not stomach the company of women. I liked women and had loved many of them through the years, from London to Italy to Alexandria to India and back again. Loved them, yes. But had I ever been in love with one? So I had believed, but in retrospect I knew that I had not. I could not feel about a female the same way I felt about...
The other thing that never occurred to me to wonder about was whether I had a desire to be a priest or a vocation for such a life. That was never a question. It was assumed that I believed and that being selected was the proof. Now all I had to do was be worthy of the honour.
Holmes closed his eyes and smiled. “That is what I am just beginning to understand, my very dear and beloved boy.”
I went into his room. As was usual, it was cluttered and the bed unmade. The print of ‘The Sleep of Reason’ presided over all, but the livid monsters that troubled the sleeper’s dream seemed tame compared with the real horrors of a life lived without honour or love.
I stepped out of the shadows and found myself once more on St. Martin’s Lane before the Salisbury public house.
Holmes was where I had left him, motionless on the sofa. The girl had removed the tea tray, but the rooms were otherwise unchanged. Mrs. Hudson’s housekeeping skills were wasted in our suite – Holmes did not allow her dustcloths and brooms to cross the doorstep.
Holmes advanced on the bed and observed the marks on my young patient, a deep red wound ringing his neck.
“I think you need more of your brother’s water of life,” I said, rising from the sofa. “I’ll get it.”
I was suddenly overcome with an overpowering weariness and only wished to go to my bed, but James had taken the trouble to draw the water, so I was obliged to bathe.
“No,” I affirmed. “Not at all. But I cannot simply disappear. You know Holmes – he would turn the city upside down to find out what had happened to me. And that means he would eventually come to this door. You know him well enough to realize that is merely the truth.”
“I said it is nothing!” I tried to push him away, but he insisted on helping me to my feet. “I must have stumbled.”
“You’d use up your entire wound pension before the summer was out,” said Holmes, reaching for his pipe.
“And that’s a shock? That’s what you do, Holmes,” I said. “You think. You are a virtual automaton dedicated to thinking and little else.”
Finally, the superior there took pity on me and sent me to Amsterdam. I think he was afraid I’d die it I did not taste of the sins of the flesh at least once before I professed my solemn vows.
“And you, too, Guv’nor,” said Mick, shaking Holmes’ hand. “I won’t shame you.” Then he turned to me. “Nor you neither, Doctor. I doubt you’ll soon forget Mick Wiggins!”
Holmes raised an eyebrow and glanced at me. I well knew his opinions about so-called love and such ‘finer feelings.’
I recoiled from the man. “He is not my lover! He is my dear friend and companion. But you could never understand such a relationship. Everything you touch, everything you think upon must be as sordid and corrupt as your own self.”
“And if you don’t, Major,” said Holmes, more gently. “It could mean the death of your son. So which will it be?”
“That will be seen to,” said the Irishman. He nodded to the silent servant, who left the room. “Whatever you need from now on, I will give to you.”
“You may call me John,” I said, my eyes shifting to look at our counselor. I didn’t want to break the rules on my first day. But I couldn’t help asking, “Is your Christian name really Sherlock?”
“We have been acquaintances for a long while, Watson. Since before you went to Afghanistan,” Stamford leaned forward, confidentially. “So may I be candid?”
At that moment the chamber door swung open and Alfie, the valet, rushed in. “I couldn’t keep him away!” he cried. “I’m ever so sorry, Mr. Charles!”
“He staked me and helped me get me situation,” said Wiggins. “He’s a capital bloke, is Mr. Holmes. A real gentleman!”
I do not remember how I got to the Diogenes Club. By hansom cab, I believe. Or perhaps I flew over the city like a bird. I only know that I don’t recall getting there, only reading Mycroft’s telegram, feeling my heart come to a standstill, and then arriving at the door, my medical bag in hand.
“Oh, Doctor!” said Mrs. Jenkins, the housekeeper. “Your tub is ready. James and Henry have filled it for you. Mr. Lovell says you and Mr. Sherlock are leaving in the morning.”
The Irishman’s lip curled. “Did he enjoy the drawings I sent? Did he like seeing you in such... interesting poses?”
Why was I here? What was I looking for? I had only a few nights of freedom left to me, yet here I was, walking aimlessly.
“So,” I said, once inside. “You are a sodomite after all. Are you going to attempt my virtue in this closed carriage?”
Thommie was standing by a small bar at the back of the room. He was flushed from his toils, drinking a glass of beer to quench his thirst.
“That will be splendid,” I said, eager to be rid of him. “I won’t be requiring anything else tonight. Thank you, James.”
But now I needed to face the truth. My feelings for Holmes had grown over the years until they threatened to overwhelm me. My misstep with Mick Wiggins and the weekend at Sherringford Hall had only confirmed the power of my... my attraction to members of my own sex. I had long pretended my relations with the Irishman were the result of youthful confusion, or of the Irishman’s irresistible force of mind. But that was never the entire truth. I may have been compelled the first time, but thereafter I did what I did with him because I wished to. In fact, I had desired it even before he had ensnared me in his power. Even when I didn’t know the name for those forbidden desires, I had them. Even when I was making love to many women and enjoying those carnal pleasures, I still could not rid myself of thoughts of men.
I picked up the gun and opened the chamber. Six bullets were within. I could almost hear him calling to me, “Watson! Bring your revolver! The game is afoot!”
“I will send him a note, telling him that you are visiting a friend and will be gone for a fortnight at least,” said the Irishman. “You will sign this note.”
I stared at my new acquaintance with skeptical fascination. “And what else do you think you can deduce about me?”
“Yes,” I agreed. “Gladstone has his singular attractions.” The beast’s long tongue lolled out of his mouth and he began licking his balls vigorously.
But I refused to look. Indeed, I was afraid to look. I’ve never been one for bars or camping it up or any other overt show. That wasn’t the way I’d been raised. Perhaps some might say I had lived much of my life in denial and they’d be correct. I didn’t come out to my father until shortly before his death and my brother only found out under less than fortunate circumstances. But I’d never denied my feelings to myself. I’d known my inclinations from an early age and accepted them, even if I was loathe to broadcast them.
“Oh.” The landlord turned up his nose. “One o’ them blokes. Well, it’s none o’ my business. But if they don’t pay what they owes me for their lodgings, I’ll toss all their muck out into the street!”
“If I were dying I would wish for the last thing I beheld on this earth to be the face of the one I loved,” I stated. “I believe Dilly Mitchell would wish for the same.”
“Have you seen what you wanted to see?” I said, my eyes never leaving his face. “Are you satisfied? And are you ready to leave now?”
“In the end the tutor was dismissed,” said the housekeeper. “Afterwards Mr. Sherlock was even more obstinate and solitary in his ways. He was even short with the servants, which he’d never been before. Whenever the Earl or Mr. Mycroft tried to get out of him what had happened between him and his tutor, his face clouded over and he dug in his heels and would say not a word about it. He was ever a stubborn young lad.”
I found myself before an unadorned edifice with not even a small marker to identify it. But from Holmes’ book I knew it to be the Denham, a block of exclusive rooms for wealthy gentlemen, many of them officials in Whitehall, members of Parliament, or peers of the realm. An unsmiling usher in a plain blue uniform greeted me as if I had been expected and directed me to the second floor.
In London we did not go out, except very rarely to the theatre or opera. And no one came to the house, which was as gloomy and oppressive as ever. I went back to my old routine of driving in the carriage, or working out with sword or stick, or taking day trips to some scenic spot, always alone. The Irishman had little desire for sightseeing.
“Yes. I recall it.” I also recalled his hot breath on my face. And his hard manhood pressing against my thigh.
“Yes,” said Holmes. “An excellent guess. Completely wrong, but still an excellent guess. He’s an engineer, but he does have the haircut of a suburban solicitor. However, if you observe his shirt you will note that...”
“In a side annex of this establishment there are some interesting portraits on exhibit...” Wilde began.
The Irishman – Moriarty – had been Holmes’ tutor. Had been the man who seduced him. Raped him. Had been the man who turned his head to the study of crime. And had also been the man who broke his heart – who forever made him fear to reach out, fear to release his tender emotions. The man who made him afraid to love.
A log cracked loudly on the fire and the hearth flickered briefly. I heard Gladstone groan as he dreamed his doggy dreams.
“Super, just super.” She stood and offered me her hand. “I’ll make the arrangements. Dr. Koenig will see that you find a place to live near the clinic. It shouldn’t be too difficult. Earl’s Court is chock-a-block with bedsits.”
“Sherlock,” interrupted the impatient Fred. “You know the rules. First names only. Now, John, Group is at three o’clock and dinner is served between five and six. Sherlock will show you to the dining room.”
I promised to do so and we shook hands. I left his consulting rooms, sure that I would never lay eyes upon him again.
The man nodded. “We might have something in that line upstairs. But it’ll cost you. Five bob each for the show. If you make an arrangement afterwards, it’s your own affair.”
“Would you like the chicken, Doctor?” she asked. “I can warm it and have the girl bring it with your tea.”
You must discount Holmes’ immense egotism, which can be disconcerting to people who have never observed his powers of deduction at first hand. But I have. And I can only conclude that although it is immodest to state it oneself, Holmes is in actuality a genius of the first order, perhaps the only one it will ever be my privilege to know.
“Don’t mind her, Doctor,” said Wiggins in his usual cheeky manner. “She’s confused, she is. Dilly’s always a trifle confused.”
“I can’t leave James to do all the work around here, can I, my dear boy?” Holmes sniffed after his most recent return. “Here is a cake from Mrs. Hudson. Don’t let Cook see you eating it. Mrs. Hopkins thinks she is the only one permitted to feed you, but Mrs. Hudson begs to differ and is certain you are being starved to death in some rustic hovel.”
“So I have heard, Mr. Wilde,” I said rather archly. But the man was so open and good-humored it was hard to be cynical about him.
“But you are ready,” he said, moving closer. “He who travels light, travels fast. You are a soldier, Johnny Lad. You travel light and fast.”
We were met by a raucous crowd, a mix of unkempt rogues, young City clerks, and expensively turned-out nobs. In this motley assembly we did not even warrant a second glance. But one thing was notable – there was not a single female to be seen in the place.
I winced at Mick’s misplaced fervor. No doctor on earth could help Dilly Mitchell. His consumption had been brewing for a long time and even in the best of circumstances and with the finest treatments I doubt he could have been cured.
“Eventually,” he said. “We will get to the New World, my lad, by hook or by crook!” He laughed at his own meagre jest. “But we must off to France first. Paris in the spring is a wonder, is it not?”
Holmes snorted. “I used to only be allowed two. The extras are for good behavior. Or somewhat good behavior. For me.”
“There, Watson! God! Yes, that!” Holmes gasped, his eyes squeezed shut in the intensity of pleasure. “Oh, God! John!”
“I think I had better leave Italy,” I said, pushing back my chair and standing up. The entire country suddenly seemed full of hideous dangers. “Now I am afraid to go anywhere!”
“Title?” I thought back to the way James – the footman, not the king – had referred to Mycroft as ‘His Lordship.’
“It is time for me to leave this place.” I brushed off my coat-sleeve where his hand had touched me.
“But only because she had to!” Charles cried, still using the feminine pronoun. “She had a room near Covent Garden where we would go to make love. I gave her money to keep her off the street. Or rather I gave it to her brother.”
“His name is Sherlock,” said Fred, annoyance permeating his voice. “We use only first names here. You know the rules, Sherlock.”
The lad grinned and batted his eyes coyly. “Thank you kindly, sirs. I’m happy to be of interest to you fine gentlemen.” His dark eyes moved to me and swept me up and down, appraisingly. “I see you particularly enjoyed my performance, sir.”
I shut my eyes. It was not Thommie’s face I was seeing. Not Thommie’s arse I was ravaging. Not Thommie into whom I was spending.
“We see, but we do not observe. We sense, but we do not perceive. We feel, but we do not act upon those emotions. We move through this life like sleepwalkers, or like Gladstone there, taking each moment as it comes, heedless of the future and forgetful of the past.”
“It’s fine,” I said. “The work is easy, but necessary. It occupies my mind and feeds my admittedly low self-esteem, not to mention providing the income that pays for this...” I paused and looked around the dingy bedsit. “Accommodation.”
“I don’t know.” Holmes wrapped himself around me. “But for now we still have a few more minutes before I must return to my lonely cradle. We’ll have to steer clear of one another during the daylight hours. You must work your program like a dutiful boy, Watson. And I will continue to be the recalcitrant jester, a bad example to all and sundry. Then we should be left in peace after the lights are doused. Are we agreed?”
Alfie grinned at me slyly. “Why what everyone knows about all the Sherringford-Holmes family, Doctor – that they’re all stone crazy! But if he can ease Mr. Charles’ mind and catch this blackmailer, then I won’t hold being a loony against Mr. Sherlock Holmes!”
“I’d make certain your water was always hot enough, sir,” James murmured. “If I was to work for you.”
He leaned closer. I could feel his hot breath on my neck, smell his dark, musky cologne. “Are you afraid, little boy?”
“Our rooms are fine,” Holmes sniffed. “I don’t want meddling strangers snooping about our premises.”
And still others seemed to be in more dubious exile, gentlemen, mostly wealthy and often titled, who had eschewed their native land for reasons I found obscure. They gathered in the cafés of Rome and Florence, or in villas along the Grand Canal, or they loitered in Saint Mark’s Square, smoking and gossiping as they watched the passing parade. These men intrigued and puzzled me. They also took a keen interest in me and my welfare. They were constantly inviting me to visit them in their rooms, or to take in some interesting local taverns that were off the beaten path, or to travel with them to points south – Naples, Capri, Sicily, Greece, and even Morocco. I would not have to worry about money, they would be happy to pay my way. And they offered gifts, sometimes small tokens of wine or candy, but other times more expensive things, silver cigarette cases or even articles of jewelry. But I consistently declined such offerings.
“A little more,” said Bill. “But just a little. We’ll be back in three days. Then we expect payment in full.”
“Bring the gentleman over to my table. I am always willing to make the acquaintance of like-minded fellows.”
“If you say so, sir.” James shook his head. “But Mr. Sherlock isn’t going to like it one little bit. He’s a jealous man, although he doesn’t show it. And he figures that...” James paused awkwardly.
“But they never do, do they?” Holmes reasoned. “They make their rounds of the floor to ascertain that all lights are extinguished and then they retreat to their break room to gossip, cruise the internet, eat the junk food that is forbidden to us, and otherwise ignore the inmates. I’ve been here long enough to know that the staff rarely deviate from their tedious routine.”
“And if you do not turn up,” he added, his voice sharper now. “I will come and collect you. Because now that you are mine, I am not planning to let you go again. I vow that no one else shall ever have you – only me. Do you hear me and understand, Johnny Lad?”
“We have the ‘Times’ from yesterday,” he replied. “I’m afraid today’s edition will not arrive until this evening. But we have a morning paper from Chichester.”
Once in my chamber I was beset by a strange weariness. I undressed, washed, tended to nature’s needs, and then got immediately into my bed. I had a novel by Mr. Wilkie Collins that I had been planning to read, but found myself unable to pick it up. Instead, I stared up at the canopy draperies and listened to the ticking of the clock on the mantel.
I found him easy to talk to, although my mind kept returning to Holmes, wishing he were the one I was talking to, drinking with, and, after an hour or so of banter, going home with.
“Not in your nature to pry!” I stopped dead in my tracks. “You are the most probing fellow in the entire universe! You will not eat, sleep, or take a moment’s ease until you have gotten every detail out of a problem you have undertaken to solve. Yet about me, your closest companion, you know next to nothing!”
