“Bad call,” Sam said, shaking his floppy head. “I don’t think we should go Fed on this one.”
Wait. Did he say sushi?
“Well,” Sam said, “Several of the victims have family that work as craftsmen.” He pulled out a map of the area they had picked up yesterday and shook it open to the side that focused on the Arts and Crafts Community. “I suggest we start by doing a little shopping.”
That finally seemed to throw Dean, and he had nothing to say to that. Castiel took that as an opportunity to relish having the last word and left, slamming the door behind him.
“Mmmm….” Castiel agrees.
As the cast got back into rehearsal and Dean returned to the set construction group, pondering what had just happened. He’d never asked for Cas to keep it between them, so that he did meant either Cas hadn’t wanted them to know either, or that he picked up on Dean’s wishes. Maybe his telepathy was working after all.
Chuck avoided everyone’s eyes, and when he still didn’t respond, Becky slapped him on the arm. “Chuck, for the love of God!”
He hears Castiel “hmm” in pleasure and decides he made the right decision.
He was not a coward. Would a coward start a war? No, they wouldn't. He would bet anything that dirty little pirate wannabe, who was
A hand was placed at Dean’s back a second before he felt Castiel’s cock at his hole. He was breached slowly, too slowly, and he tried to wiggle backwards.
Castiel sat up, his weight no longer resting on Dean. He was silent for a few moments before he sighed and said, “I was hoping you wouldn’t notice. I should have known better.”
“There are two brooms in the middle set.” At the face Dean pulled, Cas rushed to add, “Don’t shoot the messenger.”
As Dean predicted, he could barely stomach the beer and the celebratory cheers from the tavern folk. There was little worry about what had just happened, which made Dean wonder if they were used to random attacks by strange creatures. Some towns seemed to be more susceptible than others.
“Damn it, Cas.” Dean slammed the table with a fist, making his plate of french fries and pizza rolls jiggle. “The answer is 133.”
When he calmed down enough, Castiel kissed him again and said, “I’d like to try something.” His finger was still ghosting over Dean’s hole. “Do you trust me, Dean?”
At least, that’s what he’d told his men.
“Because if I’d known you were into men, I would have hit on you the day we met.”
Finally, after what seemed like an eternity but was probably two seconds, Dean collapsed on the couch.
Castiel's eyes flooded with guilt and sympathy as he stroked his thumb across Dean's cheek. “As you wish,” he responded. He reached for his mask and removed it, finally revealing his whole face to Dean. “Though I hope that won't ever be the case again.”
Dean sighed and squeezed Castiel closer. “Let's just move on, Cas.”
Dean froze. There it was, he was going to fuck this all up anyway. He was ready for kissing. Was he ready for
“Only because you sang freaking Taylor Swift last week,” Dean responded.
Dean stared at the door. Could he, by any chance or miracle or sacrificial small animals, get Sam to leave him alone and not ask?
They moved closer as the music continued and soon found themselves kissing.
Castiel walked to the other side of the room, leaving his back to Dean and crossing his arms.
Eventually, Castiel kissed his bitten shoulder as he gently pulled out and rolled to the side. Dean stared at him sleepy eyed from his collapsed position on his belly.
He wasn’t the only one thinking that way, either.
“I lasted long because of the first orgasm, but I will come soon. And if you haven’t come by then, then you won’t come.”
“It simply needs to be bound,” Castiel told him. “And rested.”  He knelt in front of Dean and unraveled the ball he had brought with him. It was several small, scrap pieces of animal skin. He tied the ends together, eventually presenting one long segment, averaging three or four inches in width, and several feet long. He took Dean’s leg in one hand, and the wrap in the other, but paused. Abruptly he stood up and went back into the cabin, coming back out with a jar containing a pale yellow ointment.
“Can’t tell,” Dean said through gritted teeth. “Hurts like hell though.”
Charlie nodded. “Okay.”
“Absolutely not,” Abaddon scuffed. “The problem is that iocane comes from Australia and everyone knows you can't trust Australians.”
He turned the pad towards Dean. It was filled with sketches, doodles that must have been Gregors.  They looked nothing like Castiel’s hand, and were so loosely done that they looked like afterthoughts, just things done to pass the time. Most of them were sigils and other symbolic looking pencil scratches. As Sam moved one on top, Dean realized with dread that it would make more sense for these to belong to Castiel. The top image was something he had seen only once, when they’d been confronted by a crazy, pissed off angel. It was the blade he had carried at the time.
There was much grumbling and grunting and squabbling around Kevin, which he resoundingly ignored. The bar was mostly empty by the time a Brute wrapped a hand around his arm and tried to force him out.
“I can fill it in later if you’d like,” Castiel volunteered. “I’m done with this mountain for the day.”
“Oh god,” Dean bemoaned, covering his face with his hands. He was never going to live down the gold spandex. He should burn the thing. He would burn the thing, if it wasn’t for the fact that the night at the Halloween party was now featuring vividly in many fantasies and he wouldn’t mind a chance at reliving it. In private, with Cas-as-Frank-n-Furter, and a much happier ending.
“Cas,” Dean acknowledged, taking his hand. Dean had never thought of a hand as beautiful before, but it seemed everything about Castiel -Cas- was.
He internally cursed the entire 20 feet from the wing to the center of the stage.
“Jesus,” Dean breathed softly. He pushed into the hand and was rewarded with a new spike of pleasure.
he begged.
They could tell they were approaching the edge of the swamp. The air smelled cleaner, the light was a little brighter. The trench that the swamp was in was narrowing, until, pushing aside the low hanging branches of one final tree, they were out. They were on dry, rocky ground, a beach in the distance, and the outline of a boat just beyond that.
“Moonshine?!” Dean asked. “What the hell is all this?”
“Oh. Okay then.”
Dorothy rolled her eyes and crossed her arms. “He clearly said 'to blave' which everyone knows means 'to gamble.'”
Castiel bit his lip, Dean licked his, and Sam opened and closed his mouth a few times. After a few moments of silence, Sam broke it by standing up.
Of course, John had also taken the opportunity to ask about sports, trying to feel out the prospects of using Castiel to get Dean to do baseball with him. His efforts didn’t get very far, not with Castiel, who shut it down with the words, “It’s not my thing.”
“Just be careful.”
The Man in Black looked up at him, meeting his eye through the slit in his bandanna. They were sharp and evaluating. Kevin felt as if his soul was being scanned, his character measured. Kevin wasn't sure what the Man in Black would see. He had done bad things before, true, but he hoped that at heart, he could still be a good man.
John grunted and took his hand after a beat. He looked Castiel up and down but made no comment on whatever he saw or judged. “Dinner is mac and burgers. I’ll holler when it’s ready. Don’t destroy anything doing… whatever you’re doing.”
And he knew some of Dean’s secrets and had never judged him for them. Not once.
Sam hadn’t turned around to comment for a while. He’d been riding quietly, still in whatever mood had befallen him earlier.
“Then we owe them a debt,” the barkeep responded. “Come back in boys, let us toast to your victory over those demons from hell!”
“Yeah, that does actually—” Dean cut off with a gasp as Castiel plunged his finger in the rest of the way. “Good god.”
“Put the panties on,” she said with a smirk that reached her ears. “Wear them for the rest of the game.”
Dean went fast after that, matching Castiel's needy little thrusts with bobs and swirls of his tongue. He'd never gotten to do this before, but thanks to the sleazy bars he'd frequented for gossip about the Dread Pirate Roberts, he'd heard about what worked. Sure, there was room for improvement, but he was relieved Castiel was enjoying it so much, and even more relieved
“So what happened after I fled?”
As Crowley raised his arm, Dean flung himself forward and shouted, “Swear you won't hurt him!”
Castiel made him drink a bottle of water from the fridge before he would start the shower. Confident Dean wasn’t about to pass out from dehydration, he went to his ridiculously large bathroom and turned the shower on.
He watched Castiel take several deep breaths before saying, “I don’t know about that,” softly. He stood suddenly. “I think that Pepsi went right through me. Pick another movie while I go to the bathroom?” Castiel shuffled out the door.
“I’ll take it!” Charlie chimed in, reaching across the group circle for the onion. Kevin handed it to her between pinched fingers, his face scrunched up in disgust.
“Oh,” Castiel said in surprise. “Well it's simple, I love them as all creatures should be loved.”
One minute they were standing peacefully, the next they were dashing at a mad sprint out of the tavern. The barkeep grabbed a broom and attempted to trip them with the handle, but Dean jumped over it awkwardly while Castiel leapt like a graceful gazelle. Two guardsman were just outside the door, shocked when Dean and Castiel came barreling into them. Rather than push through the guards, Dean and Castiel turned and ran up the street. They were halfway through town by the time the guards yelled, “Stop, thieves!”
“What was that about?” Dean asked.
“Dean,” Dean supplied. “Dean Winchester, you piece of shit.”
“Alright, listen up,” a robust man with balding hair said, the door banging on the wall. “Everyone out! By order of the Brute Squad!”
“So it is down to you and it is down to me,” she said as he approached. She sat up, grabbed Dean and pulled him close, pressing a blade to his throat. “And if you come any closer, he dies.”
Cas laughed, his grin splitting his face with joy. That. That was the face Dean wanted to see every day for the rest of his life.
wasn’t about to be the last thing he would ever think.
Sam shrugged. “I don’t know. Maybe we should revisit the murder sites now that we know.”
“Fuck,” he whispers. Dean’s boss has never sworn before.
fully clothed. Fucking hell.
Once Dean got him going, he was more than willing to fuck Dean’s throat mercilessly. His balls were sweating with endorphins, he was panting above Dean, and every now and then, Dean got a taste of pre-come on his tongue.
“What if I told you to come like this?” Castiel asked. “What if I ordered it? Just on my cock?”
The slot slammed shut. “Leave, or I'll call the Brute Squad!”
Dean kissed his lips. “Yeah?”
“I think jokes that involve gender roles are a little out the window now,” Castiel said, chuckling as Kevin tossed back a pigtail and pranced into the room.
“Do I know you?” Dean asked, a bite to his voice.
“Well isn't it convenient then,” Castiel said once he'd released his worried lip, “that I can also give-” he punctuated the statement with bending back down and giving just the tip of Dean's erection a filthy little suck. “Or-” he took Dean's hand in his own and guided it back, over his hips and further, under his underwear, and just until Dean's fingers brushed his crack. “Receive.”
“Hey,” Castiel called, catching Ash at the elbow. “Is Dean here yet?”
The guy chuckled as he flexed his fist, feeling out any damage done. Apparently satisfied it was still functional, he took Dean’s offered handshake. “Castiel,” he said. “And you’re welcome.” He squinted his eyes as he looked at Dean. “Though, I do think in all fairness, this means you owe me a beer.”
Castiel’s name turns into a cry as Cas shoves himself inside.
Dean had nothing to say to that, so he crossed his arms instead. They stood staring at each other for a good couple of minutes before Sam called out to them, wanting Dean back inside.
“Listen here you lying son of a bitch-“ Dean began, reaching for Castiel and fisting his shirt.
Dean's heart filled with hope. That had to be Castiel. Now if only he could find a way out of here...
Dean met Castiel’s gaze, evaluating. Somehow, he knew Castiel would actually believe him. Whether he wanted that information out there and between them, he hadn’t decided.
He leaned up and kissed it.
“He didn't fall?” Abaddon asked. She stalked over to the edge and looked over. “INCONCEIVABLE!”
Castiel did nothing but breathe deeply for a few moments, his eyes skimming over Dean in the water, looking at him like he was a buffet and Castiel hadn’t eaten in day. Still, he was fighting himself, and though Dean didn’t know why and Castiel seemed very, very interested in him, he was still concerned his offer was about to be turned down.
“And secondly, I ain’t marrying any Queens,” Dean said.
And his life was far from a fairy tale.
Castiel pushed Dean back onto the full sized bed where he landed with a bounce. Dean immediately sat up and ripped his last shirt over his head.
He felt Cas’s foot move, a hand grip his shoulder, and then he was on his back, looking up into Cas’s smirking face.
Paul cleared his throat once more. “Anyway, I have other guests to greet. Thank you for coming.”
Dean jerked so hard he almost fell out of his chair. “No!”
He was in love with Castiel.
“Perfect,” Castiel said flatly. “Now, put me on Kevin's back and make sure I have a sword handy.”
“Why are you smiling?” the man asked, perplexed.
“No!” Castiel shouted. “To the pain.”
“Look,” the man responded, his voice deep and rough. “I don't mean to be rude, but this is not as easy as it looks, so I'd appreciate it if you wouldn't distract me.”
Cas huffed. “Well you’re much more gay that I thought you were.”
“Nope. They can keep their boring. I just want a dog.”
“Go 'way,” Kevin said, pushing at him.
, he let Dean laugh the hysteria of the past 24 hours out before he proposed moving on.
Dean moaned appreciatively.
He quickly picked up his coke and chugged as much bubbly cola as he could, not looking at his friend.
Dean groaned in frustration and threw his head back. “What?” he demanded.
Samuel fled.
“You selfish—”
Castiel though, he was nodding to himself. “You are Second Mage in the king’s army,” Castiel said, shocking the shit out of Dean. Knowing past events was one thing. Knowing current ones either meant Castiel had been a good listener on this trip, or had made it to town more often than he let on.
“Just wondering why this is the first I’ve met him.”
“We’re going to find the Grace Archer,” he announced. Blank stares met him in triplicate.
“Then we are at an impasse.”
“Someone tell me what the fuck this lunatic was talking about,” Sam demanded.
“It's night, Dean. We can't continue on in the swamp, not with the torch almost out,” Castiel explained. “This is a defensive position.”
“No!” Dean shouts, panicked. He hates sounding so desperate and weak, but, well, he is. He needs this job or him and Sam will be on the streets by the end of the month. “Please,” he says, sliding to his knees. “I swear, I will be better now, I’ll never have an issue like this again.”  Castiel seems to consider this, or at least doesn’t outright dismiss him, which is a minor blessing. “Is there any way I could make it up to you?” he asks, looking up to give Castiel his best puppy dog eye.
The inside was made of shelves of booze and a few rounded bar sections. These round bars were planked with wood, making them look like large hollowed out barrels. Most were empty, but there was a young woman behind the counter of the furthest back. She had dark brown hair that came midway down her back and a pretty smile. The name tag said her name was Ava.
Castiel stepped away and put the doggy bag on the counter before turning back around.
Metatron was with Castiel at the machine and raised a surprised eye when Crowley stormed in. He stepped to the side quickly when Crowley didn't make to move around him.
Castiel huffed. “Wait, there's more to the story,” he said, continuing into the swamp. “A few days ago, the Dread Pirate Roberts took me to his cabin by the shore and told me his secret. The Dread Pirate Roberts is a title, Dean, not a person. There have been many of them. This one wanted to retire and turn the title over to me. We hired a whole new crew and he came on as second mate, calling me Roberts until he was sure it had stuck, and then he left.”
Kevin sneered. Metatron could never give him what he wanted.
The response to his victory was a loud slurp of milk. Dean smiled.
Dean whistled as he walked through the doors to his apartment building. Becky Rosen, a neighbor from upstairs, was getting her mail and raised her eyebrows at him. He was not normally a whistler, but this time he had a reason to be.
“As you wish,” he cried as he fell.
“Dean, I'm afraid I must confess something,” Castiel stated.
Kevin eyed his hand for a moment. “You've never had six fingers have you? Perhaps on your other hand?”
“Um. Because Charlie couldn’t possibly be attracted to you? Aren’t you worried I’m going to, like, perv out on you? Take advantage of you in my bedroom?”
Dean landed with a soft thud, his hip pressed into the porcelain, shoulder on the sopping wet wood floor, and all he could do was giggle like a school girl. He untangled himself enough from Castiel to stand and held out his hand to help Castiel up.
Ice cold water went straight down Dean’s spine. His jaw stiffened as he thought about how strange Castiel had been acting.
Nearby, someone coughed.
Dean awoke with a start when the tent was yanked open.
“Dude,” Dean said in disbelief. “Why? Why are you out here hiding? You could be famous.”
The man cursed. “Fantastic. What do we have to work with? What are our assets?”
When Castiel bottomed out, he collapsed forward and crashed his mouth into Dean’s.
“Babe,” Charlie said, elbowing Jo. “You’re making him uncomfortable.”
“No,” Castiel responded simply. He didn’t elaborate.
Well, that ship had sailed back in high school.
on in the family room.
He realized perfectly well that bath water was clear, but it was less weird if he was in the water right? Groups of men go down to the creek all the time to bathe, why should this be any weirder?
When Sam wouldn’t let the question drop and insisted on knowing more, Dean had promised they’d go over the history and work it all out another day, but that he really wanted to go celebrate by fucking his boyfriend.
“Imbuing it with my grace,” Castiel explained. “I believe only a weapon treated with grace can kill those demons. They are from Hell, and grace is their antidote.”
“My men are here! I am here! And soon, you will … NOT BE HERE!”
Castiel snorted, and then laughed. Then laughed some more. Dean looked on in amused confusion.
“Good. That’s… good.” He took Dean’s hand and tugged him towards the exit. “And that sounds like a fantastic plan.”
The next morning, she handed him the plate of pancakes he had promised to make
That, that was perfect. Sam hadn’t even had practice or tech work today, something about not needing to get started yet as lights take less time to setup, so he wouldn’t have to drop Sasquatch off. He’d just call Dad and let him know he was hanging out with a friend tonight and would be home by 11:00, and they could run lines for the evening.
Dean reached out a hand to him.
“We are so going to be some huge thing's dinner,” Dean mumbled. Castiel had stopped, so Dean paused behind him, pressing a hand to the small of his back.
The man with the yellow eyes
“Just what the hell are you two doing-“
“I will never be able to get enough of you,” Dean whispered into Castiel’s lips, pulling him close again, their pelvises grinding.
“What's that?”
“The loser went off that way,” Crowley said, waving a hand down the hill. “Steps are closer, so he was in no hurry. However, there are faster steps going in that direction, and they meet up with another set.”
Suddenly the people around him were a blur of color and noise, a cacophony of chaos that circulated around him. He couldn’t breathe. He was going to die. If not now, then certainly on stage.
That was the theory, anyway.
“Very nice,” Jo said when he approached. She reached down and snapped a garter strap. “Where did this get-up come from?”
Dean groaned again. Five hours of sleep. Well it was more than his average, that was something. After a full night of manual labor though, he could have used a few more.
“Dean?” Castiel asked. He placed a hand on Dean’s knee and Dean looked up. “The offer still stands. If you want to… to leave. I won’t blame you. You don’t owe me anything.”
The smoke up here is thick now. The fire is still pretty far away, but the smoke is building much faster. Dean’s equipment only goes so far. If he can’t find this guy soon, he’ll have to give up. Dean does NOT like giving up.
“Oh, shit!” Dean yelped, instinctually grinding down. He felt Castiel grin against his neck.
Damn it, had he said that? He wasn’t exactly in the closet, but it was clear Dean didn’t know that about him, and what if… What if he had an issue with this? What if he was homophobic? What if being alone in Castiel’s bedroom was suddenly uncomfortable and disturbing? Oh god.
Crowley sneered. “You truly love each other, and so you might have been truly happy.” He took the lever of the machine in hand. It felt like power. He relished it. “Not one couple in a century has that chance, no matter what the great tales say. So I think no man in a century will suffer as greatly as you will.”
“Cas,” Dean said, his voice like gravel. But he had no idea how to continue that. “This shouldn’t be weird,” he finally said. “Why is this weird?”
Dean smacked him upside the head. “Don’t talk to me like that, Bitch.”
“Dean. Where.” Castiel commands, cutting him off.
.” It was a guess, and sure enough, he feels Castiel shudder behind him. “Cas, please. I want…” He breaks off to groan again as he feels Castiel’s hand slide to the center and a finger ghosts over his hole.
Dean raised an eyebrow at that, but Castiel merely shrugged, and they were on their way.
Castiel had kissed him then and promised they would both make mistakes.
“It’s all good,” Dean said with a grin. “I think you achieved the point of all this. Care to return the favor now?” He added a sinful little wiggle of his hips.
“You’re kidding me,” Charlie finally said.
“Okay…” Dean said, doing a little jog to catch up to Castiel’s retreating form. He apparently had no time to handle Dean’s frozen surprise. “Now answer the other part.”
Dean screamed as he came. He was barely aware that his arms were suddenly free as Castiel shuddered, pushed in deep, and followed him into bliss.
“You really do look incredible in these pants.” Castiel’s fingers rubbed across his length with a pressure that sent heat radiating through Dean’s body.
Dean clears his throat. “Yeah, hi. I, uh, I’m Dean Winchester, I’m the one who-“
Castiel pushed himself up on his hands quickly and breathed deeply for a few seconds, looking stunned and unable to process their positions.
The rain, it seemed, was picking up, and it was time to get out of it. The air was not cold enough for the rain to be snow, but it was cold enough for it to be dangerous to be out in the rain for long without a cloak.
“That doesn’t sound good.”
“No.”
They were two blocks out when the radio started a new song and Castiel sang with it, “Pour some sugar on meee,” and Dean supplied, as if in sub-conscious habit, “in the name of looove.”
Castiel squeezed his hand. “They were, but things are different now.”
“Jesus,” Dean whispered. He pressed the tip of his finger to the rim and watched in amazement as it slid inside easily. He pumped his finger a few times, Castiel sighing contentedly and relaxing even further. One finger became two, two became three, and soon Castiel was moaning into his arms, thrusting back into Dean.
But at least he was learning, and he could honestly say that their breaks for sword play could quickly become a favorite part of his day if this routine continued for much longer. He enjoyed working his muscles and learning how to move his weapon. Castiel was a good teacher.
Cas grinned, and then it fell away, replaced by a much too serious look. “I would love to, but I do need to know something before I can agree to that.”
“I'll snuggle you,” Castiel said with a teasing tone. “Keep you safe. Defend you from the rats.”
They also stopped by The Roadhouse and stayed there for a full day. Dean tried to give them the money back, what little they had not spent, but it was soundly refused, and Ellen threatened him so soundly with a beating if he even tried to sneak some in a coffee tin before they left, that he figured he was stuck with keeping it. Something to finally buy Sam his pastry with, anyway.
Smoke on the Water filled the silence, his cellphone vibrating in his pocket, providing an opportunity to break from the too-huge moment. The caller ID said it was Sam.
“That would be a bad idea,” Dean said. “It would only make them suspicious. But we could casually bring it up when we’re checking on this list, see what falls out.”
He rubbed his cock into Castiel’s pelvis in answer. Yes, he would. He would do all of it with Cas.
“Is that a problem?”
“Follow me?” Castiel asked. “I don’t live far.”
he pleaded.
Castiel didn’t seem to have any of the same clothing inspired hang ups. His hands had moved from Dean’s neck to grasping at his ass.
“Yeah, well, not everyone is a master of the word like you, shortcake,” Dean grumbled.
“You had
“Why wouldn’t I be?”
They were making out. Heavily making out. As in, this was the time Dean would start to consider sliding his hands around to the hem of a girl’s skirt, but Castiel wasn’t wearing a skirt.
“Cas,” Dean groaned, “you never say that. Wasn't that the first thing they taught you in pirate school?”
Slowly, Cas felt himself relaxing in to how peaceful and perfect it was. If only for this night, if only for this game, he was going to let himself embrace something good.
Castiel swallowed. He looked like he’d seen a ghost.
Dean grunted as Cas pulled up his camera roll again. He had lots of pictures of various animals, some shots of strange things like door signs that he thought were interesting. There was more than a few of Dean--at the football games, some concerts they’d attended, or playing something silly like flag football with his brother Sam or poker with Charlie.
“Damn it,” Dean cursed. “We are never going to catch up to him, are we?”
“I wanted to make a point.”
Castiel laughed. “Now that you mention it, she was quite a bit more charming than you.”
“I thought we were coming out here to talk?” Sam asked.
Okay. NOW the floor could come up and swallow him. The room was awkwardly silent for a long moment.
Dean clutched his stomach laughed. “At least we had lunch.”
He felt Dean’s eyes on him and answered before Dean had even asked. “No, I have no idea where that came from,” Castiel said, looking up. “I don’t even know what I said.”
“Six fingers,” Castiel remarked. “Someone was looking for you.”
“What would you prefer I call you? Sir?” Dean teased. Castiel's eyes dilated and Dean knew the answer. He groaned. “Do we need a safe word?”
Turned out, not much further. They made it past what Dean assumed was a rat's nest, and it wasn't much further until the cave's walls expanded and ended in a curved chamber. There was a stream of moonlight coming through a pinprick hole in the ceiling where some of the cave had worn away. Much to Dean's relief, there were no more gnawed up bones.
Castiel nodded wisely. “I see,” he said, finishing his shot in one go. “Then we will have two more, please.”
He really did have the worst luck in the world. His broke-as-dirt, drunk dad can’t hold a job for more than a week, he’s forced to steal to get by, so of course he would pick an evil sorcerer to pickpocket.
“It's interesting that you wear such a mask,” Sam said casually. “Were you burned?”
‘Yeah. So? Not a big deal,’ Castiel texted back, aiming for casual, even though his heart was pounding. What had Gabriel heard?
“Sam,” Dean said flatly, as if it said everything for him.
Dean felt a chill go down his spine. Oh yes, this was going to be good.
Later, when they were home and back to hunting things that go bump in the night, it wasn’t the sex that Dean thought of fondly. It wasn’t the orgasms that had him picking up the phone, “just to talk.”
There was chuckling next to Dean’s ear. He wanted to take it and bottle it so he could listen to that laugh forever and always.
His combatant placed his sword in his left hand and Kevin followed suit. He didn't grin, because he would not enjoy killing this man, but he was rather smug about his odds.
, he thought.
He was probably also the most awkward.
When he’s done spilling and reality is starting to come back into focus, Castiel removes his hand and reaches for a tissue from the box on the desk. He cleans his hand, throws the tissue away, and reaches for another. Then he cleans the come that had dribbled onto Dean’s skin too, and who would have thought he could be so tender?
Sam was frowning at him from across the campfire they had finished constructing just before Dean got to the good stuff. “Seriously Dean,” he said, like something tasted bad. “Ugh,” he added, looking away.
“Damn it, Cas, draw your bow!” Dean ordered, his sword already drawn and charging forward.
sword, the one his head wizard, the captain of the guard, and myself, spelled into that rock.”
“Shiiiit, Cas…”
By the time Castiel had added a fourth, Dean honestly didn’t know if he was going to explode or scream. “Please,” he panted, his fingers sinking into Castiel’s shoulder. “Oh god, please.”
“Idjit,” Bobby mumbled, taking his eyes from Dean to walk around the stage, evaluating the lighting on the current set for
“I just know things!” Castiel sniped. “Now do you have something or do we need to stop?”
“It’ll burn out. The trees are far enough away to be safe,” Sam said. “Yeah it’s great to cover our tracks, but-“
Yet Goldman desperately wanted his son to be able to enjoy the same book he had been read as a kid. So he contacted his publisher and proposed an abridged re-release.
“Is there… any chance you could feel the same?” Dean asked. He picked nervously at the denim at Castiel’s knee. Castiel covered it with his hand, pressing even closer into Dean. He could feel Dean’s heart pounding through his
Castiel blushed. “I’m sorry. I was scared. And selfish. I didn’t want you to leave me or tell me my breath smells like fish.”
Dean looked away sharply and Cas could only smirk. “That good, huh.” When Dean kept his eyes glued to the wall, Cas sighed. “Fine, don’t tell me. But I’ll remind you, I’m an investigative journalist, and I can track Rhonda down--”
Sam’s cheeks turned bright red and he fumbled getting his driver’s license out. Dean chuckled and mumbled a smooth under his breath. Sam stomped on his foot.
But it didn't make it any easier to accept.
“Fine,” he huffed. “There’s an axe murderer on the loose and you’re spending the night with a stranger.”
Sam explained everything. He explained that Abaddon was dead, and that Kevin must have passed him while he was dumping her body. He explained that it was Crowley's wedding day, and that he'd formed the Brute Squad to make it look like Guilder was hiding in the forest.
Dean’s eyes went wide as he tried not to laugh. He was sort of spoken for at the moment and Jo Anna was nothing like what he wanted. Sort of missing the right bits.
Dean tried to move away but Castiel held him close.
Kevin nodded. “I understand, but—”
“Yeah,” Dean agreed. He’s experienced that once or twice, including when he found out the guy he was falling for was the angel that saved him from hell.
The response was a hum, vibrating through Castiel’s tongue as he licked. He slid a fingertip inside, licking alongside it. There was a twinge of pain, but Dean liked to be fucked hard, and Castiel was good with prep. He could go again.
“Noted,” Castiel replied, stepping closer. He carefully placed a hand on Dean's chest, Dean watching, breath caught in his throat. Castiel slid his hand up, his fingers grazing the skin above Dean's collar, before curving it around the back of his neck.
Sam sighed, hands on his knees, trying to catch his breath, but Dean, Dean could barely move. He was staring at Cas through the fire, while Castiel stared at his hands in total shock. He looked up and met Dean’s eye.
Castiel huffed. “I appreciate the sentiment, Dean, but I am ashamed of my failure and what came of it, and I no longer want to live in the realm of man.”
Dean put his fingers over Cas’s mouth, moving up to replace his fingers with his lips. “I want to come on your dick.” He shifted to Castiel’s neck, sucking a mark into the skin just below his ear. “Only your dick.”
Dean settled back onto his log, stretching his busted leg out carefully. There was a corpse of one of the demons about a foot away, and as Dean stared at it, it vanished in a small poof of black smoke. He looked to Cas, who had been watching it too. Only instead of confusion, his lips were pressed into a thin line of worry.
He clambered into the shower and only briefly considered whacking off. He was still too exhausted to be in the mood for it, so he washed off the grime of the previous day thoroughly and efficiently before crawling back out and dressing just as quickly. He saw a towel on Sam’s bed and assumed he’d already showered.
Win – win, right?
Dean couldn’t respond, so he hummed.
Castiel’s cough reminded him that he was in the middle of something. He shook his head and put thoughts of evil killing bastards to the side.
“Two angels in one spot would be pretty unlikely,” Sam finished.
“Oh yeah, goody,” Dean responded. “Let's go see what scary things want to eat us in there.”
did you buy those?”
“Did you remember the order of operations? You have to do the multiplication first, even though--”
"What's wrong, Winchester?" Charlie asked. "Afraid of divulging your secrets?"
His brother broke his arm over the weekend. It had made Dean late when Sam had needed extra help in the mornings that he hadn’t been prepared for. He’d gotten sloppy because he was freaked out.
He pulled off of Dean quickly and sloppily, drool shining on his chin, which was actually pretty hot. He ran the back of his hand over his face to wipe off the spit as he stood up. Castiel unbuckled his own jeans and slid his boxers to the ground with them.
“Cool,” Dean said, grinning. “When do you want to start?”
They picked their way through the slime and detritus, in no haste to explore deeper. Dean never let go of Castiel's hand, too much in awe that he was able to hold it again when he once thought the man lost forever. It had nothing to do with fear of the slithering things or the random eruptions of flame. If he squeezed a little harder from time to time, Castiel never commented.
“While it’s nice to see some youthful passion, could you keep that to a minimum until you get back to the privacy of your own home?”
Trying to hum his acknowledgment, Dean sent Cas over the edge with the sensation. Come hit the back of Dean's throat, salty and strong. He let it slide down, swallowing all that Castiel was pumping into him.
“No.”
“This is perfect,” Castiel said, grabbing Dean's hand and pulling him further into the murky terrain. “We'll lose them completely in here.”
“Assets?” Castiel repeated.
“Huh. Well then I’m not going to spoil it for you, keep watching.”
“Dean,” Castiel said sternly, climbing back onto the bed. He truly looked upset, and that was something Dean had never meant to cause. He sat up again, pulled Castiel into a gentle kiss.
“There's something,” Dean began, kissing the exposed skin of Castiel's neck, making him shiver, “I wanna do.”
But Castiel had spoken very confidently, and as the wrap was pulled into position, some of the pain began to ease.
Sam on the other hand… Sam would be more understanding, but after years of Dean giving him crap, he’d be sure to sling that back in his face at every chance he got. Like hell Dean was giving him that ammo.
Dean was panting hard now, his blood beginning to sing. He grasped the sheets now instead of Castiel’s backside, needing to ground himself as Castiel continue to explore.
The good part was that he had given the girl an opportunity to get up and dart inside the inn. The bad part was that a winged soul sucker was now bearing down on him with claws and fangs out. It was like a feral beast, no concern for anything but maiming Dean and stealing his soul.
Castiel, being a motherfucking ninja, intercepted his hand, and his arms were crossed over his back and held in place. Dean face planted in the pillows with a grunt.
As they walked back down the cave, which was decidedly shorter than Dean remembered from on their way in, Castiel listed off the hazards of the swamp and what they knew about them.
“Hell yes, I’m sure.” It was what he’d pictured every time he wasn’t supposed to be picturing his roommate that way.
It normally took a bit longer to find his prostate, but Cas had narrowed in on it instantly. Dean grasped Castiel’s bedspread and held on tight as Castiel began to rub. His cock was leaking everywhere.
Chuckling, Cas held up his hands. “I’m only teasing, Dean. You don’t have to tell me. Though it’s hard to imagine we have many secrets left between us.”
They climbed into Castiel's car and before Dean could even ask the question, Cas growled out the answer.
“I was hoping for some lazy blowjobs after we get out of this shower and, ya know, change the sheets.”
He could not get hard in this costume. All he had on down there was a tight pair of black underwear.
had Gabriel heard?
He soaked in the view as Castiel walked to the tub, from the toned muscle of his arms to the freckle over Castiel’s right nipple, and lower, to the sharp hip bones that lead to a dusty patch of hair that surrounded Castiel’s cock. His mouth watered at the sight.
The man narrowed his eyes at him for a moment before throwing back his head and laughing heartily. “Oh yes,” he said. “I like you. I am Prince Crowley Ferguson.”
“Lucky for you, I like the nickname,” Cas says, smacking him again. Both sides are now pleasantly tingling, riding the edge of pain and arousal. “You may use it.”
He sighed and opened up the pouch. It was far, far too much. He moved to dump it on the bar, where they would hopefully find it right away, when Castiel’s hand stilled him.
It was the kind of love that didn't happen every day. It was true love that Dean held in his arms, and he knew it down to his bones.
“Man and wi- husband,” the tired little clergyman parroted out. Like those words mattered. Perhaps Crowley was banking on his witnesses not having a clue what just happened and believing them to be married anyway?
“Good point.” Dean shook his head. “I’m in my 40s, Cas. I’d probably break my back jumping into that.”
Someone chuckled, another person shrugged, and the party continued.
“Again? So soon? Without
Anna frowned. “Can’t place me, can you?”
“What's that?” Kevin asked.
“Take the part, Cas! You should!”
“What?” Sam asked with a shrug. “Charlie will want to see this.”
A farm house on the outskirts of town came into view, along with a quaint little barn. Dean quirked his eye at Cas, Castiel glanced from the barn to Dean, and nodded.
“Stay safe, Mr. Peters,” Castiel said just before the door clicked shut. He remained behind the counter, one hand on the glass top, staring at nothing in particular. Finally, he took a breath. “There’s a dark spirit in Gatlinburg,” he said. “I can feel it. I don’t know why or how. I don’t even know how I knew those symbols.” Castiel looked up. “They’re protective symbols. I don’t know what’s going on, but I’m doing my best to keep these people safe.” A dark shadow passed over his face. “It’s not enough.”
Dean flapped a hand uselessly. “You’re Cas.”
“I never feared that,” Dean interrupted. “Once I figured out I was bi, I never once feared that Sam would see me any differently for it.”
“You’ll be great,” Dean said. “Next Lin-Manuel Miranda.”
“We’re brothers,” Sam supplied, an amused grin shot in Dean’s direction. The woman merely raised an eyebrow. “Uh. Non-romantically involved brothers.” When the woman continued to stare at him, he added, “I’m straight.”
“Less clothes,” Castiel demanded.
“Isn’t helping me out going to disrupt that?” Dean asked.
“So,” Dean said, ready to change the topic, “Anything good come up in the research?”
“Am I?” Castiel responded. “It's possible, pig. I might be bluffing. It's conceivable, you miserable vomitous mass, that I'm only lying here because I lack the strength to stand.” He shrugged. “Then again, perhaps I have the strength after all.”
Dean blushed deeply, lost as to how to respond to such frank love with anything other than a physical gesture. He kissed his way down the ridge and pressed a soft peck to the flared exposed head of his cock. There was just enough light to watch it pulse, as if Castiel's body was reaching out for the heat and moisture that just introduced itself.
Of course he is.
at Gabriel right now. He isn’t an animal, but he’s starting to get really tired of this. “I won’t go on a date with him either.”
His plan is centered around a particular day coming up next week;
Meg looks up from wiping down the counter and smiles in welcome. Before the students arrive, the café is actually fairly empty. There are only a people right now and they all look like workers from other businesses in the area. They all seem to be close to finishing up and getting ready to leave. They must know that the place is about to get flooded with teenagers. It only makes sense that they would want to clear out before that happens.
Castiel has reminded himself of this at least fifty times today, and twenty of those were after he was picked up less than a half hour ago. It will be okay.
. But they’re not just that. They can be a symbol for good luck, for hope and enlightenment. Even guidance and protection against evil.”
“You were the first to call me Cas.” And it is a
when she presented determined that she wasn’t dangerous enough to require being shipped off to
The pure and absolutely
Well now, isn’t this his lucky day? Because these other topics are making Dean’s head hurt. So he’ll be the one to give him that opening.
Dean’s grip on his sword tightens and his tail cuts the water under him, making him bob in place.
want to know my time.”
“Sorta, but not really.” Dean shrugs and hefts the bag up onto his shoulder. “There’s a hunt in Nebraska that Sammy snapped up last night. It should be nice and quick, and then we’ll head to Bobby’s. He’s got a new car with an engine he wants me to look at, just to see if it needs to be replaced completely or if we can restore it with a few new parts. The rest he’ll do on his own.”
The papers, pencil, and highlighters on the table go clattering to the floor as Castiel ends up being seated on its edge. Dean’s hands are rough as they hook under his legs, guiding them to loop around his waist. Castiel doesn’t hesitate or even think twice about lifting his arms to wrap around Dean’s shoulders, his fingers seeking out his hair. It’s what he would do naturally on any other occasion like this, and he’s honestly surprised when he finds his hands being pulled away.
Wait a goddamn second. “Sammy!”
Their foreheads bump together as Dean leans into him. “So? You’ve had two showers in one day before.” He grins, full of pride in himself, and Castiel can almost feel it against his lips. “I know. I’m the one who made you all sweaty and dirty enough to need a second one.”
. Holy
and Castiel is tripping head over heels for him no matter how hard he tries not to.
. That – that’s cause for celebration. He should be getting up and following Dean. He should corner him in the kitchen, stop him from drowning himself in beer, and speak lowly into his ear that
“So do I, dude. These things were
than that.
something. But all she does is leave. Castiel’s heart sinks when she turns away to swim out of sight around the pile of rocks. It gives him a good look at the long length of her tail. He might have seen someone like her on the battlefield before, but he can’t remember. All of her fins are smaller than the other fang-fin, but the size is in the length of the upper half of her end-fin. It’s nearly as long as her whole tail, and it is easily several times longer than the short triangular shape of the bottom half of the same fin.
worshipping him like he deserves until even Kiri-Jolith is jealous.
Cas sighs and shakes out another bag. “I’m sorry I’m such a mess.”
those. He wants their nights to be filled with kisses, and cuddling, and lying together. But despite all that, it really feels like sex is the only way he can reaffirm for himself that Dean really does want him and isn’t just playing along with his whims. If they were in a real relationship, he likely wouldn’t have this paranoia that any moment now Dean is going to realize he liked it better when he was sleeping with random people and leave.
Castiel paces the length of his shrine; from the altar stone to the cave opening and back. His bare feet are silent on the cold floor. He keeps his shrine meticulously tidy. Using a broom he made from a broken branch and dried grass, Castiel sweeps out any dust, dirt, or insects. He uses an old rag, its origins he doesn’t even remember, to polish the fire basins, his altar, and the monolith that stands behind it.
Of course. Anna is the only person he knows who actually gives lists for birthdays and Christmas. She wants specific things, though she’ll never let it be known if she’s disappointed with what she does get. Granted, the lists make it
that we come here between hunts. It’s not a secret.”
Dean steps out of the kitchen with a plate and a cloth in hand, clearly in the midst of drying it. “Uh – I didn’t really have any. You’re kinda looking at it, I guess.”
Ugh. Castiel wrinkles his nose and purposefully looks to Anna instead. “So, what did you get for me?”
focused on. And Castiel is more than happy to learn what he has to teach.
Castiel’s mouth goes dry when he lifts his head to find Dean looking at him, a playful smirk on his lips. “A – um – a
When he reaches the edge of the fighting, Castiel finds Anna’s mind with ease. There’s no time for talk, but it’s good to let her know that he’s here. And, if he’s lucky, Dean will be too. Castiel can’t wait to get to speak to him again. It was frustrating and extremely disappointing to have to miss their meeting. But it’s been even more annoying to have that nagging feeling in the back of his mind reminding him that he misses
Castiel ducks his head in slight embarrassment, but he nods because yes, yes that does happen. Personally, he could never see himself having hatchlings with someone he doesn’t love, but that’s just him. And there are plenty of male and female pairings that could take up the slack of anyone else. But it’s still – it feels so
“Sir, yes, sir.” In an attempt at some levity to raise his own mood, Castiel salutes – and then is mildly surprised when Dean’s eyes darken and the flush in his cheeks deepens.
Castiel nods and hums his answer. That means they can stay like this for at least a little longer. But even that doesn’t feel like long enough when the phone beeps again. Thankfully, when they’re on their feet again, Dean takes the chance to cup Castiel’s face between his hands and kiss him until his toes start to curl in his socks.
time before they ever got their heads outta their asses to figure out that they were kinda perfect together.
There’s sweat in his hair and beading on his skin, and still Dean presses kisses to the tattooed wings on Castiel’s back. His hands slide all Castiel’s arms and down over his chest, fingers brushing over and tweaking his nipples. It’s another jolt of sensation spiking through him and another whine slips from his lips. Why won’t Dean
- anal sex
on his own.” Sam shrugs out of his jacket and unstraps the holster from his thigh. “Sit down.”
Honestly, right now Castiel doesn’t really feel like he
to look him in the face after being caught red handed with
“A reward for what?” Castiel knows, but he wants to hear it anyway.
- blow job(s)
And what in the world would they have even done if Dean had joined him in the shower?
“Mornin’, sunshine.” Dean grins down at him, looking comfortable with half the pillows on the bed surrounding him.
They turn off the water when the tub is just under half full. Castiel is the first to enter, and he does his best to leave enough space between his legs for Dean to sit too. The tub isn’t very wide, but Dean manages to fit. His legs, unfortunately, do not fit in the tub. One ends up dangling over the edge of the tub and the other is folded against the wall. His hips are essentially the only part of him under water, but they’ve managed to fit more or less.
secured around his wrist.
“I like it.”
There isn’t too much for them to talk about this morning, and Dean did wake up rather late. As soon as he’s done eating, he’s in and out of the bathroom and getting dressed. Castiel isn’t in nearly as much of a hurry and takes his time with packing up his homework and laptop for class. Everything is still in a mess from the night before and he didn’t bother cleaning anything after they were moved off his bed.
he want to? Aside from Gabriel, Castiel has never had a closer relationship with another person before. Dean is his best friend. Everything he does is amazing – from how he can rebuild a car on his own to how he’s been working tirelessly to support him and his little brother since before he was even legally an adult. Dean is everything that Castiel wants, but he doesn’t
– inclination of rounding second base. All those innuendos on their first date (and the
And that’s coming from Dean who came in
Dean huffs a short laugh, mirthless and flat. “And do
“Have they?” Castiel tilts his head to catch his eye again. “If they were over, why did you come over to talk to me about the newsletter? Why did you come here tonight?”
“It would be
When was the last time someone that wasn’t family touched him? It would have been before he presented. The warm fingers folded around his wrist stall out Castiel’s brain to the point that he can’t even form the words to tell him to let go. He possesses the strength to easily break the grip, or dig his heels in and stop himself from being dragged over to the other grave site, but it’s like his brain has one of those spinning loading wheels in place and it hasn’t quite caught up to what’s happening.
it’s a Kappa?” Cas’s question interrupts his thoughts, as does the whine of the fan as he changes gears and starts slowing them down. “We’ve had accidents before; idiots thinking they can feed a gator when we’re not looking and then paying the price. I just – I find it hard to believe these aren’t just a series of unfortunate events.”
throw up – and that was a whole different mess.
most important people in his life, but he doesn’t want to lose everyone else too.
. Castiel is absolutely not going to give any further hints than that.
thing.”
it. And they made the promise to the rebels first. The fang-fin Council is up to no good and they’re going to use this against them somehow.
It still takes a moment before either Winchester is able to answer. Dean sounds a bit winded when he does. “
to not think about what sex with Dean would be like. That’s a rabbit hole he’ll never be able to crawl out of, and he’s thus far done such a good job with avoiding those kinds of thoughts.
They narrowly avoid clacking teeth together, for which he is thankful. That hasn’t happened since the first few times they started kissing, back when he was learning how to do it. He would be rather embarrassed if it happened again now, even if it was Dean’s fault.
. It’s barely human and he’s not entirely sure that he’s even the one who made it. But it definitely was made and he takes a sharp step back because
to be finding someone for a good fight and making each other bleed. But he’s sick of fighting. Dean’s had enough of that to last a lifetime. So, he’s going to eat until his stomach can’t fit anything else – and that’s probably going to take a really long time.
Dean shrugs and doesn’t complain further. He still doesn’t sound as enthusiastic about this as Castiel feels. Well, it’s about time he changed that, isn’t it? Castiel leans forward and presses a kiss to Dean’s thigh as he puts the tape and scissors aside. Without hesitation, Dean leans back against the counter and spreads his legs – almost as if he did it out of habit. And what a wonderful habit that is. It opens up plenty of space for Castiel to trace his lips over.
Something about his inner turmoil must be showing on Castiel’s face, because Amelia immediately stops what she’s doing and looks far too concerned for her own good. “Well that’s one hell of a long face.”
There’s a look in Dean’s eyes that has Castiel’s heart tripping over itself. He can’t tell if it’s confusion or concern or something else altogether. But it does worry him and Castiel is about to ask what’s wrong, but Dean beats him to it.
Dean’s lips thin out for a moment before he clears his throat. “And – And you don’t want to break up over this, right?”
This topic feels almost as hard to bring up as the sexual one. It’s best that he just dives right into it.
something.
and Dean kinda wants to crawl inside him and never leave.
“Well, now. That’s a whole different story!” Jo laughs and drops back into her chair. “Let me call him up to the desk, okay? I’ll make an exception for this, but you can’t go spreading it around. Okay?”
Castiel is having
it off the ground.”
detail. If he closes his eyes – and he makes sure he doesn’t do that for longer than it takes to blink – he can still see some of the images from the dream. If he stops and thinks about it long enough, Castiel can almost feel the lips against his own.
“Mhmm.” He bobs his head before letting it drop back against the pillow. “Could go for a good ol’ tall glass of water, y’know what m’saying, doc?” His eyebrows wiggle slightly, but probably not to the full extent of the expression he’s trying to make.
“Did he?” The words leave Castiel’s lips before he realizes it. He shifts his hips against Dean and, yes, apparently they are both still hard.
Castiel should be looking up information for his paper, but instead he’s deep into the informational side of the internet looking up information about hangovers by the time Dean comes out of the shower. Having one of his own kind of sidetracked him. This is his first one after all and he has plenty of questions about it. Since Dean is indisposed at the moment, the internet is really the only option left to him – though it’s kind of failing him right now. So far he’s just found people’s experiences and each one is very different from the last.
When Dean finally kisses him properly, it doesn’t last nearly as long as he wishes it would. Despite that, he isn’t given the chance to mourn the loss of it. Dean braces himself against the couch, redoubling his efforts. Every thrust is sharp and sharing, and Castiel chokes on a cry of surprise. He doesn’t mean to do it, but he knows he’s digging his nails in as he wraps his arms around Dean’s shoulders. Thankfully, he gets no complaint for it as he hides his face against Dean’s neck.
should stay right here.” Dean interrupts him as he slides out of bed. He leans over to tuck the edges around Castiel again, sealing out the cooler air of the bedroom. “I’ll bring breakfast to you so you don’t have to get out of this bed until you’re ready to, got it?”
Dean sighs again, this time louder, and immediately gets punched in the shoulder. Charlie frowns at him when he turns to face her. “Just take your frikken break now and stop bothering me with your pining.”
“You were roofied.” Dean has never been one to pussyfoot around the topic. “She was trying to get you into a car when I found you. It’s been reported to the cops and everything.”
likes it. His mother didn’t buy it for him and his father likely wouldn’t approve of it. Wearing this coat feels like freedom. And it may be too heavy of a coat for the California heat, but there is almost always a breeze and it’s just enough to keep him from feeling overheated.
“That’s really awesome.” The fact that Dean’s burger has lasted this long is proof that he’s more interested in his company than he is his food – and that says
“I’ll understand if you would rather not talk about it.”
Without taking his hand away, Dean leans down to kiss him quickly.
used to how advanced they are. Phones were one thing he was somewhat used to using from his time on the boats, but being able to
, but what he doesn’t want is a relationship. Dean
boombox. It’s on loan and I’m going to kill him if he puts a scratch on it.” Dean rubs the back of his neck, laughing lightly to himself. “Oh, yeah, the woman on the bike is Sam’s wife, Jess.”
That sounds interesting and Castiel sits up a little. “I can –”
comfort. I know you don’t like having them on display in front of myself or Sam.”
Every so often, Dean surges up as if he wants to force Castiel over and onto his back. He reels himself in just as quickly, hauling Castiel a little more on top of him every time he does it. If Dean
. There’s a nervous pit in his belly and he’s scared of it – scared of everything he could screw up.
here.
. How the hell is the morning this cold? He’s wearing a hoody and
It makes Castiel's stomach turn when Lilith's honest delight flares through the kin-connection.
, but I promise that we
“You don’t have to talk about it if you don’t want to.” Cas continues softly. “I’m not a therapist or anything, but I’ve found just talking to a friend can sometimes help.”
. But please do explain what you mean by that. What kind of big purchase might I be making?”
She groans loudly and starts flicking her hands at Balthazar in a sharp shooing gesture.
Castiel can’t help a smile of his own. It looks like they
It feels like his whole arm goes numb when he touches Dean’s erection. His skin is so warm and the pre-come he smears across it isn’t nearly as slippery as the lube, but it’s still so very
. There’s a threat to everything he holds dear and it’s sitting on the other side of the cave, growling at him with his fins spread. If he’s alive and here, then he’s evidence of Sam’s treason. Dean won’t allow it. He
that would wake him. Not only did he allow strangers to stay in his home, but they’re
Castiel lets the amusement of everyone else fuel him to actually finish the beer. It’s not his priority, so it takes a while to do. By the end of it, his head feels tingly and his mouth tastes funny, but he can’t bring himself to care. He doesn’t even care about proper manners. His mother would throw a fit if she saw him sitting with his elbows on the table – let alone with an empty bottle of beer in his hands. Castiel is absolutely enraptured by the story Victor is in the process of telling.
She ducks her head, properly shamefaced, and throws down a multicoloured card. “Going blue.”
ago, just like Castiel did. Of all the many books he's read, for pleasure and for school, Castiel has reread this one at least a half dozen times, if not more. It has stayed with him more than most of the so called
He doesn’t know where she works, but he certainly won’t look a gift horse in the mouth. That saying never made any sense to him, but it satisfies the situation. “Thank you. Wake me whenever you need me to be up. I can be ready in a matter of minutes.”
Green-eyes; the fang-fin with the worst reputation on the battlefield. If he was, it certainly would explain why Dean hates him even though they’ve never officially met. Green-eyes’s reputation is that he never lets anyone escape him during a fight, but Castiel has rescued several bright-fin from him since the rescue teams were established.
“Oh, by the way.” Sam gets something from off the kitchen counter when he dumps his dishes in the sink. He brings it over to hand to Castiel. “Pam dropped this off yesterday. There’s Dean’s license with it so you can compare how it looks to the real deal.”
The smile Dean turns on him leads him to believe that Dean knows exactly what he’s thinking. “It’s just something for you to wear when the police arrive on your doorstep to tell you that your rich husband died mysteriously.”
The two of them turn to glare at each other. Once again, they hold a silent debate between them. It doesn’t last as long as the others  and Raphael turns away sharply, his expression one of stony displeasure. Clearly Michael won, yet again.
Dean rolls his eyes and reaches across the table. It doesn’t take a lot of effort to pry it out of Sam’s hand. Things are getting very hard to hold onto very quickly. “You wore a mask and sanitized when you went grocery shopping, right?”
too short and he needs to get back here and keep kissing Castiel before any sort of embarrassment manages to catch up with his brain. Right now he’s blessedly free of any sense of guilt for shamelessly making out Dean in the middle of a store currently being run by one of Dean’s coworkers, but it’s only a matter of time before the collar-induced fog in his head clears up and Castiel realizes what he’s doing. Or, for another matter, when he notices that he very much wants to drop to his knees in front while wearing this collar and leash, and wait until he’s given an order to do whatever Dean wants him to do.
“No.” Cas grinds the top of his head against Dean’s cheek. “I don’t need or want a sugar daddy. If you buy me a car or anything more than a damn meal at McDonalds like you used to, I
“Yes, but no. It’s not
Shit. This isn’t how this is supposed to go. Cas is supposed to be
The problem with that, however, is that there is nothing comfortable about the silence between his question and Dean’s answer. It’s tense and disheartening. He can taste his heart in his throat and there’s a stinging behind his eyes. Castiel has to blink away the burning itch that comes with the urge to cry. He never should have let that hope in. Dean made it clear when they started that he wanted a sexual arrangement and apparently nothing about that has changed. Anything more than general sexual affection that Castiel
He watches Castiel from under hooded as he leans past him for the condoms on the bedside table. Nowadays, Dean rarely actually puts them away. There’s always at least one sitting within reach. It’s a wonder that his hands aren’t shaking when he starts rolling the condom on. He’s almost as nervous now as he was when he was in Dean’s position – only at that time he was on his stomach and he didn’t watch Dean spread lube over the condom.
going to kick your ass at this.” Dean grins widely and crouches to turn the Wii on.
The moment Castiel’s mouth moves over his erection, Dean sighs happily and he knows that he’s on the right path. His hands are in Castiel’s hair the moment he takes him in his mouth and
Out of everything Swirly-blue could do right now, the last thing Dean really expected him to do was start to sing. By the time he starts, Dean has completely given up on trying to break free and he’s just barely managing to keep his eyes open. All of his anger has more or less seeped out of him and it took all his energy with it. Now he just feels exhausted and he doesn’t want to deal with anything ever again. He’s ready to pass out and let Swirly-blue kill him if he wants, but instead, the glowing bastard starts to sing and instantly Dean is wide awake.
more sexually overt than he has been previously. Castiel sighs and looks up at him again. “And the reason you’re grabbing my ass is…?”
Teen & Up (for language), Alternate Universe - modern, meet cute, crush, bisexual Dean, demisexual Cas, BIG NERD DEAN
take them both. Castiel is incredibly touched that Dean is checking with him first too, and he knows – without a doubt – that he would absolutely take any and all time needed to make sure that he would be properly prepared.
“Brother?” Castiel raises an eyebrow and glances between them. After a moment, he shakes his head and smiles again. “Sorry, I thought you were –”
But then his calm front is all but entirely shattered when the same black car that Dean and Sam had been driving pulls through the gates. Castiel presses his lips into a thin line and he couldn’t look away from it even if he tried. Of course both Anna and his aunt immediately turn to see what he’s staring at. The three of them watch as the black car pulls out onto the road, turning in their direction. The driver’s side window is down and Dean sticks his arm out to wave as they go by.
Sam leans through the doorway, expression curious. “Are you guys all done?”
An adult who just happens to be an
Anna shows up at his elbow again, this time with his binder hanging from her fingers. “Alright. Let’s get this on before we go out.”
Maybe – maybe this is because they haven’t done anything since they had sex? Did something change in him that morning and now the slightest touch from Dean is going to set his body off? Is this a normal thing to happen to people or is he some kind of ridiculous outlier? Castiel doesn’t know and he’s not sure if he wants to ask Dean about it. He certainly isn’t going to bring it up with Gabriel. Nobody knows that his relationship with Dean is sexual. The only thing that Gabriel knows is that Castiel has some form of a crush on Dean. That’s it and he absolutely does not need any further information on that.
Castiel turns around to go check the kitchen for a note and stops dead in the middle of the hallway. His heart nearly stops in his chest.  What if
“Have you done a drop yet?” Charlie hip-checks Dean in the ass on her way past him, causing him to draw a crooked line up across his notebook. He frowns at it and looks up to see her use her key to open the cash drawer attached to his till.
There’s a loud bang down below, followed by the sound of Dean shouting. At this point, it feels like it’s a million miles away and Castiel should have stayed in the
that he has a shift this morning and that they should be leaving at roughly the same time if Dean doesn’t want to be late for work.
“Oh.” Mother makes a soft sound of surprise, like she really wasn’t expecting that. Considering how Castiel has always been the model of a perfect son, he doesn’t doubt that she actually
“Yes, they would most likely kill me after a millennia of torture, I’m sure.” She shrugs, and the gesture isn’t as fluid as it is in Jimmy’s body. “I will have to get Claire a good gift as thanks for allowing me use of her body. I would have hated to die with regrets.”
Sam shoots a look and elbows him off camera. Dean frowns at him and rolls his eyes. “
In all honesty, Castiel isn’t sure if he wants the details. But if morbid curiosity wins out, then at least he knows who to ask. And he also understands. If he had Dean’s powers, how could he resist helping someone in need? Especially when that someone happened to be a
“Since you’re such a good
Castiel sighs loudly. “Fine.” He figured this was going to happen and he pushes Dean back down. “Then I will wake you up.”
him lying just a few tail lengths away. Things have gone from bad to worse and the only way things could reach their
.” He is well aware that he’s being ridiculous, and stubborn, but he is determined to do this on his own. And if Dean weren’t in the room, Castiel would maybe lower himself to using the manual. But he won’t while he’s here, because Dean would never let him live it down.
They must have the kin-connection because Sam hasn’t even touched Swirly-blue before he’s looking away from Dean to stare at him. They’re talking. They’re fucking
Thankfully, Anna always tries her best to be with him when he takes a taxi – which is really only to the graveyard at the beginning of the month and the grocery store every other week. As much as she would like to be, sometimes she isn’t free to come with him to visit his parents. Her work hours are flexible, but she’s essentially on call at all times – if only because she’s the only employee the courier service has that can get anywhere in the city within a matter of a few minutes.
“Fine.
’, he’ll lose the only opportunity he’ll ever have to actually be with Dean like this. What are the chances that it will ever happen again? Never. That’s the answer.
“Hey, uh, Cas?” Dean clears his throat and the couch squeaks as he sits forward.
body and fuck, Dean really needs to not think about it like that. It just makes things confusing. Jimmy is gone and this is Cas’s body now. End of story.
Anna stands at the bottom of the stairs with her hands on her hips. “You don’t
The only thing that makes Castiel hesitate before sharing them is that perhaps Sam doesn’t want this to happen yet. All the rebels left so they could talk about what they were going to do with Dean. Would Castiel be upsetting their plans by sharing these memories with him? Despite his earlier stubbornness, they didn’t leave anyone here to even
“Good.” He pats Castiel on his cheek before he leans down to kiss his forehead. “And you know what I want you to say when I give you an order, don’t you?”
He nods in understanding and licks his lips. “That’s a – uh –
of things when they shouldn’t be. Pam’s powers unsettle him, and her personality throws him just as much. She’s a nice woman and Castiel
. He breathes hard through his nose and shakes his head. Alright, this needs to end now. Right now. Preferably yesterday. There are fractures quickly forming in his self-control and while he did enjoy the torture before, this is quickly becoming
“That would be nice.” It’s not quite Autumn, but the weather starts turning then and Castiel is looking forward to it. “We could have more bonfires.”
Knowing that he’s alone always seems to make Castiel more impulsive than he normally would be. A truly devious spur of the moment idea strikes him and he turns over onto his back. He takes a quick picture of his legs spread open, angling his phone more towards the ceiling to ensure that the skirt won’t be caught in the shot, nor any of the items still spread across the bed. Dean will undoubtedly recognize his bedroom and the shot of the upper half of his closet from here. As soon as he sees this picture, he’s going to get a very big hint as to what will happen when he gets home.
“Dean?” He clears his throat as he takes one of the plates to dry it. “I’d like to speak to you about our current sleeping arrangements.”
If only. Castiel would love to do that again, but Michael’s warning is still in the forefront of his mind.
The blanket and the tie muffle Dean’s drawn out groan as Castiel slides in. No matter how angry Castiel is, he wants to do this slow. He doesn’t want to
They keep flapping, despite being clipped, as he struggles to pull himself up over the ledge. His sneakers squeak on the wall as he tries to get some kind of footing or traction. Whether any of that helps or not remains to be seen, but Castiel manages to get up over the edge of the platform until he’s able to splay out on his stomach and catch his breath.
“I was cleaning up after that Witch we took down earlier.” The tires squeal as Castiel turns the Lincoln sharply into the parking lot of the bar. “Dean was hit with a spell and nothing happened.”
He quickly types out a message to Sam to let him know that he’s alive, in a safe place, and he’ll be back as soon s he can. Once the messages are sent, Castiel has barely put his phone down before it’s buzzing with a call. Sam’s name and his display picture fill the screen.
out stretches the meager few that he hasn’t. It’s such a small list that none even immediately jump to mind – oh wait. No, there’s one. His penchant for being incredibly anal about keeping the bedroom clean. If Castiel forgets to put
Of course, none of that would matter if he already missed her.
Castiel is a realist. He’s not going to try and trick himself into thinking it’s possible. He’s happy with what little he has and what little he might be given in the future – depending on the results of Dean’s tests, of course. All he needs to do is keep reminding himself of that. He is
He can’t help it. Dean snorts into his beer and nearly doubles over in giggles. It takes him a minute to get under control again before straightening. “Yeah, okay. I get it.” He mimes wiping a tear from his eye. “Well, Cas, I think I can help you in that department.” Dean holds his hand out to him. “Roommate?”
“Why?” He blinks back – Oh gods, are those
His memories come up blank, and he gestures for Dean to get out of the way. “I need to go to the bathroom. Please excuse me.”
of Dean’s power not to be ridiculously impatient.
The statement comes through the kin-connection in a dry, bitter wave.
. No, he won’t allow it. Dean
Fascinating. Castiel wants to know more.
not nine o’clock yet. His erection has hardly flagged since the end of his shower and the need to get things over with is growing by the second. Castiel can’t wait any longer and if Dean is unhappy about being woken up early again, then he’ll do his best to make it up to him later on. Besides, the chances of them going back to sleep after this are rather high, so he has that going for him too.
over the top with the colour. Castiel wants something subtle, and maybe just a little classy looking. This collar is going to be for him, after all. Or – should he pick one out for Dean? There was no specification who the collar would be for, and Castiel
(in a perfect world) – Dean would absolutely take care of everything. They would never have to worry about financial insecurity again. It would be
him? It’s part of what makes this Council so good. They’re terrifying and no one wants to be the one to tell them ‘
, it’s a little too dry for Dean’s liking.
- bondage (mentions of)
won’t.
body now and, for Dean, it probably felt like
Several of the intimate times they’ve had over the last few months have involved Castiel being bent over the bed or Dean’s lap (or, on one memorable occasion, the back of the front seat of the Impala) and worked open by Dean’s skillful fingers or tongue. It’s been a
“Don’t worry about it.” Dean laughs and
Castiel is beginning to sense a bit of a theme with their gifts – and he hopes that everything will fit them. Aunt Amara knows his size and Anna’s, but how would she have gotten Dean’s and Sam’s? They’re taller than him (though not by
. His hips are flush with Castiel’s ass, but he’s not moving anymore and it is
“I got distracted, so sue me.” Sam wrinkles his nose and pretends to be very interested in his glass of chocolate milk.
So, Dean
Would it be weird of him to knock and check to make sure that Dean is awake? Normally it wouldn’t be, but Castiel isn’t sure if Dean might be avoiding him. Hopefully he isn’t. Sam should be up soon too. He has his own plans today. Maybe it would be fine to leave it to Sam to deal with Dean? Sam is usually very good at making sure that Dean is out the door on time for his shifts. Sam is very punctual and sometimes Dean is – but sometimes, when he’s been out drinking or he’s upset about something, his scheduling can be a little…
The reality of their situation doesn’t sit well with Castiel. It reminds him too much about how hard things have been for Anna and his aunt. Despite being unregistered, Castiel has had to spend every day since he was nine years old in hiding. But it’s still better than having normal people look down at you and having literally
“Ice Ice Baby.” Sam shrugs. “I kinda like it.”
been looking at his ass every time Cas bends over to squeeze a tire or fiddle with a pedal or whatever the hell it is that he does whenever he’s not standing upright. Not looking at his ass means not looking in his general direction, so Dean doesn’t really know.
“So then he doesn’t hunt.” Castiel shrugs and steps around the edge of the couch to sit on the arm rest. “I’m sure you’ve both saved up quite a bit of money, haven’t you?” He can’t imagine that they have that many bills given that Bobby charges them very little for rent and all amenities are included. “What’s the
The unspoken question there, that he knows Michael will pick up on, is whether or not she’s someone that can be trusted. There are few rebels that Castiel completely trusts, but if she was one of them, then maybe –
She gets a sparkle in her eyes and nods excitedly as she hands over her little autograph book and its attached pen. She leans in for a whisper and he leans forward to keep it just between them. “We’ve met
Dean nods and turns to the other room. “You heard him, Sam.”
Ellen gets close enough to wrap her arms around Dean in a gentle hug.
“Dean has.” Sam nods across the table at him. This time, he sips at his drink. “Several times.”
After a moment, he holds his breath to gather his courage and sends another message.
.” Castiel interjects.
But Cas just keeps staring at him, eyes widening slightly. It’s like Dean’s looking at a puppy dog and he melts a little on the inside – And that makes him
She hums and taps him on the nose. “A surprise. You wait for snack time like everyone else, okay? No peeking in your lunch box.”
.” Castiel rolls his eyes and pops the wayward grape into his mouth. “The usual stuff.”
Even though Dean obviously wants to kind of be alone right now, Sam still tags along after him.
Cas gives a groan-huff kind of sound and turns over to reveal more of his belly. One leg kicks slightly whenever Dean scratches at
But it really is a good idea for them to figure their shit out first. As it is right now, the fang-fin are currently leaderless. And there’s a hell of a lot to be done to fix all that. It’s a whole bunch of stuff that Dean really isn’t looking forward to doing. He also has the sneaking suspicion that no one is going to let him curl up in his little cave and sleep away the new few days – and he
“It’s your fault.” Cas laughs and tucks the edges of the blanket around them. “You’re too cuddly for your own good.”
Dean presses his lips into a thin line, again looking like he wants to argue. Instead, he nods. “Okay, fine.” He opens the door and steps out into the hall, but he stops there to turn and point at him. “But mark my words! This
“Dad whisked us off to Sioux Falls shortly after that.” With a simple blink, a flame flickers to life on the wick. “He though Pam might be able to help me get a hold of my abilities since hers are all mental based like mine.”
A soft whine of disapproval pitches in the back of Castiel’s throat. He
more appealing with Dean involved.
” Anna almost sounds a little impatient. “
should not have been your first thought.”
As soon as he approaches the car again, Gabriel rolls down the window and leans over to look out at him. “So, did you get him?”
“Go, Dean.” Castiel turns him around and pushes him towards the Impala. “Sam and I have picked out a car online and he’s going to go buy it later this week. We’ll come up and see you next weekend and everything will be
He looks up when Castiel steps into the room and offers a strained smile. “Felt you the moment you woke up. I’d ask how you’re doing, but –” Sam taps the side of his head before dropping his hand and sitting upright. “He’s sleeping right now, but you can come in.”
“Okay.” If he’s sleeping, maybe he won’t have to think about all of this and – Oh God. There is
cry, and it will just be so horribly difficult for the both of them. But not looking means that he doesn’t notice that Dean has produced his phone from God-knows-where until he hears it ringing on speakerphone.
that all you had for lunch was a frikken
Anna makes a distinctly unhappy noise and withdraws to her side of the bed – and then keeps on going. She tosses her blanket over top of him, squishing his wings since they’re already under
.” Castiel’s lips feel eternally dry and he licks them again as he tilts his head back to speak more directly to him. “I – I prefer you to the vibrator. You feel better than it.” This is surprisingly less embarrassing than he thought it would be. This is much easier when he doesn’t have Dean’s eyes on him. “You fill me up better than –” The rest of his compliment is obscured by a hand pressed tightly over his lips.
part of our group.” In fact, this is the first he’s ever heard of Cas having any kind of interest in the game.
. There’s nothing special about him in the slightest. He’s boring and he likes spending all his time watching movies, reading books, and playing video games. That’s just about all they do together when Dean and Sam are here – not including all the cooking and cleaning.
The only laugh in the car belongs to her and she giggles for a good few blocks. Even when Gabriel turns a glare on her, she merely shrugs and continues laughing. “What? It was a good burn!” She pats him on knee. “Don’t look at me like that. You know I love you.”
Dean takes one look at it and collapses back into the couch with a cackle. “That’s
The leaves wave a little harder and Dean covers his mouth to muffle a laugh. Cas tilts a smile his way before leaning over to pull the pot closer. He turns it around multiple times, humming to himself. “Yes, this is a problem. I can see why you reached out to me for assistance.”
Dean hums and he turns his nose into Castiel’s hair. “Me too.”
Dean raises his eyebrows at the image of a stone pole sticking out of the sand fills the kin-connection. There’s a string of kelp hanging from the pole and all sorts of fish bones are tied into it. He’s never seen anything like it. According to Cas’s explanation, the number and sizes of the bones, including how close some of them are tied together, all have different meanings. The one that he shows Dean is something like a request for a meeting.
That would be really, really nice.
, per se, just not as enjoyable as the other ones.
Castiel makes a mental note to thank them both later for not turning the reminiscing into a debate.
For Dean’s sake, Castiel hopes so.
It’s making him feel
is this annoyed just from having heard a little about it, he can’t imagine how it must be bugging Cas. He’s been dealing with this for three days now. But the more that Dean looks at him, the more he’s realizing that Cas
Samandriel’s mind-voice is thin as he’s taken further and further away. Hannah and Rachel will be taking him to the reserve camp where a healer will be able to deal with him – if they’re not met by one sooner. The healers tend to hang out halfway between the camp and the borders when a battle is underway.
! He doesn't get dessert until he tells me what the hell he's been doing in there!”
That draws another laugh out of Dean as he disappears into his bedroom. “Whatever y’want, Cas. G’night!” He shuts the door behind him, marking the end of their short past-midnight conversation.
It’s obvious that Dean is teasing him, and he kind of likes it – to a degree. Things feel so much more pronounced with the blindfold on and Castiel can barely stop himself from writhing. He twitches and trembles and all but vibrates in place with the effort to hold still. Without movement, the only reactions Castiel really has left to him are ones he can make with his voice. Any sense of embarrassment is thrown out the window and he surprises himself with how vocal he is – even though there aren’t any
“Um - Thank you for catching us, by the way.” If it wasn’t for Sam stopping them mid-fall off the semi-trailer, Castiel could have ended up much more hurt than this.
? And we
Sam’s sassy response is followed with a hiss of pain at the sound of a solid
to not talk to Dan. But the words just aren’t coming – not when Dean comes into the kitchen again to make his own breakfast, and not when he goes to the living room to sit and fiddle with his laptop.
“Of course
Dean has mentioned LARPing before, but mostly in passing while he's talking about his new friend; Charlie. He's never gone into actual detail about it and Castel has refrained from searching the internet for information. If he's going to learn about one of Dean's hobbies, he'd like it to be straight from Dean. It makes conversations more fun that way. All he knows is that requires sessions and shopping for supplies and it's done with a large group of people.
air to his actions. It’s entirely too distracting and Castiel couldn’t look away even if he wanted to.
Just because they’re friends now doesn’t mean he should do everything for him. If he did that for Sam, he would need to do that for all the hunters. Castiel strives to be fair to everyone on his mountain.
Pride still bubbles up in him at their words and he does his best to keep it from the kin-connection. It wouldn’t be good to keep it
Oh God, he’s already starting to have an anxiety attack about this. Castiel should have realized that was going to happen, but he didn’t really think about it until
“Alright, I’m done.” He crosses his arms and looks down at Dean where he’s sitting on the couch. “Now what are we doing?”
fall into a panic attack in the lobby of a hospital.
Dean raises both of his eyebrows. That was pretty damn unexpected. He’s the youngest? Well, he doesn’t act like it. But still...
It all depends on the fin-kin doing it, of course.
. This is every bit for Dean’s pleasure, but it’s definitely his revenge. If Dean had known how powerful the vibrations had been, maybe he wouldn’t have left it on high for as long or as often as he did. And, maybe, he would have done as Castiel asked him to do the first time around.
“Sammy. Put it in my logs.” Dean’s voice is shaking as he lowers his hand, revealing smile number thirty-four; one that is both amused and wicked in its own right. It means that he is up to no good and Castiel has a strong suspicion that he knows why. “Today is the day we’re getting Cas drunk.”
spending time with the brothers. Every selfie of the two of them, even with Dean’s exaggerated frowns, makes him wish all the more that he was there. At least all the pictures are really cute and he saves each one of them. Castiel loves the little family that they’ve become.
Aside from still being the only ambassadors, Castiel and Dean are also still the only inter-colony couple. There are still plenty who disapprove of their relationship, but Castiel wears the so-called
Once alone, Castiel spends a solid few minutes splashing his face with water. This isn’t the first time he’s felt the ache in his chest at the truth of his relationship with Dean. It won’t be the last, and he’s learned to accept that. Just like he did with that, he’s going to get over this moment and go out there to spend the rest of tonight like was originally planned. Castiel is going to be with Dean the only way he’s allowed and it’s going to be
Unfortunately, ignoring Gabriel never leads to anything good. “In this time of turmoil, Cassie, you need something to take your mind off of things and there’s nothing better than the comforting arms of a lady!” He just sounds so
got favouritism. You like Cas’s wings more than me.”
“Here, give me that. I’ll throw it out.” Dean holds his hand out for the cherry stem and Castiel dutiful hands it over. After a moment, Dean grins and raises his eyebrows teasingly. “One day I’ll teach you how to do this.”
Movement catches his attention and Castiel almost misses a note in his song because of it. He watches closely as Dean squirms slightly, shifting his position as if he’s trying to get a better view of Castiel. Instead of making another attempt to get him to stop singing, Dean lies there in silence, watching him. A chill runs through him when he notices that Dean is looking at
But even after spending more than a week here, there are some things that he has yet to adjust to. For one, he isn't quite used to being walked in on. Whether it's studying, eating, or reading a book, Castiel is always caught by surprise when Dean or Sam enters the room or comes home while he was alone. So far it hasn't been much of a problem and no one has caught him in the middle of changing yet either. He's been very good about doing that in the bathroom when Sam and Dean are already awake or quickly getting dressed before either of them comes out of their room.
Actually, yes. Castiel did get the mail already today. The unopened envelope with the results of his examinations is sitting on the kitchen island, waiting to be opened. When it comes to end of the year exams, he usually waits until he gets a phone call from his parents before he opens it and tells them what his marks where. But this could be a special exception. Jess and Sam did come all the way to his apartment to surprise him, after all.
“If that’s what you wanted to do, then I wish I could say that.” Mr. Winchester rests his elbows on his knees and laces his fingers together. “But I can’t do that.”
If Castiel thought he was feeling overheated before, then he doesn’t even have words to quantify the sun he can feel scalding his cheeks. He’s going to be naked. In his bed. With
“So.” Sam links his fingers together. “That happened.”
. He doesn’t look upset or angry or anything that Castiel would consider negative. If anything, he might look a little hopeful? Or that could just be Castiel’s projecting on him
got to do something she wanted to do. He has to go into medicine. It’s what his family has wanted from him since he was born and it is expected of him. If he doesn’t become a doctor, Father will be
A laugh ruffles the hair about his ear. “You’re sounding more confident than you look.” He brings his arms up around Castiel’s shoulders. “You’re kinda shaking here, buddy.”
A song of sadness echoes through the trench and there is nothing Castiel can do to keep it out of his head. How is he supposed to catch up on what little sleep is allowed to him when the kin-connection has the song washing through it
It’s nearly an hour later, long after the water went cold, by the time Castiel finally drags himself out of the bathroom. He didn’t bring a change of clothes in with him, or even ask for Sam to bring him one, so he’s reduced to wearing a towel for the time being. Neither Winchester is paying attention to him, so it must be okay. They’re both sprawled across the couch and the loveseat while watching what appears to be a rerun of
all over again.
Castiel had tried to sleep, but he’s not sure he actually did. Aside from the obvious reasons that kept him in the shower until the water ran cold, he was also plagued with various worries about why Dean wasn’t in the living room when he finally came out of the bathroom last night. While Castiel had been trying to calm down, Dean had apparently gone to his bedroom. It didn’t seem so odd since he had done the same the first time they masturbated in the same room together so he could change and Castiel hadn’t thought anything of it at first.
are also a pretty good team.
a word of this to anyone, I’m hanging you by your hair from the nearest bridge.”
I just finished changing all the outdoor lights to red and green bulbs.” The fridge opens and closes. “I also stuck the light up candy canes along the front of the house, so now the only thing left to do is your damn living room.”
doesn’t mean that next Friday is too.
much work going into turning his plain pack of instant noodles into a proper ramen bowl, it had damn well better taste infinitely better if he had just thrown it all together like he normally would.
unexpected and he scrabbles to get a hold of himself before anything else can be done.
“Order up for Collins!”
Maybe he
It still takes him several long minutes before he unlocks the door and stomps out into the living room again. The door to Dean’s bedroom is shut, and Sam is putting his duffle bag down behind the couch.
Because he is home, where he belongs.
That seems to break Dean out of his stupor and he looks away sharply, clearing his throat loudly. “We’ll – uh – I’ll make sure that Sam and I do something like – um – announce before we come outta our rooms. Just to make sure, y’know? Yeah. Sorry.” His face is getting red and he tugs at his t-shirt. “I’m – I gotta use the john. You need breakfast?”
“Oh, hey!” The newbie hiker stops at the edge of the clearing where he’s decided to make camp. He waits until Castiel crawls out of the tent before pulling one of his headphones earbuds out. “How come you’re stopping here? There’s still lots of time left to the day!”
Castiel keeps his eyes locked on the front door of the office. “And you’re going to do it on your own?”
At the mention of Lisa, Castiel grits his teeth and forces himself to focus on the second top in the body of his essay. He’s going to very conveniently, and with no small amount of difficulty, forget that Sam said anything about Dean and Lisa having sex together. His fantasies of Dean have thus far remained contained within the realm of his dreams, but Castiel still has them every so often. He can’t do anything about that, but it’s hard not to feel at least a little bit jealous whenever it’s mentioned that Lisa gets to actively participate in activities with Dean that he can only (unwillingly) dream about.
“Fi-i-i-i-i-ine.” Dean sighs and drops his arm again. “Make it quick and come back to spoon me to sleep again, m’kay?”
Dean lifts his head to press a gentle kiss to his lips.
His eyes go wide suddenly and, slowly, he pulls a blue mug out of the cupboard. The handle of the mug is actually the character’s nose, with two big eyes sitting on top and a smiling mouth below. It’s
There’s only a few more steps left before Cas will be on the landing with them. “No, I’m not finished yet. Raphael had many followers, and I must punish them all severely.”
out of the way for you, Dean.”
The problem with that is Castiel
Dean shakes his head and stands up, forcing Castiel back a few steps. “You know better than this, Cas. If you’re not liking something we’re doing, just say it.” His arms remain around Castiel’s waist, holding him in place. “I’m not going to do something that you don’t like. I won’t do anything like spanking or whatever if you don’t want it. Okay?”
It actually feels pretty good and Castiel hums as he closes his eyes. “Feels nice.”
“Whoa!” Dean throws his good arm over his shoulders to hold on. “Bringing a whole new meaning to sweeping a guy off his feet, huh, Cas?”
and the dinner table calls for dinner manners. Dean is lax about it when it’s just the two of them, but visitors call for better manners. After all these years, he’s still not particularly fond of using utensils. He’ll only use them if he absolutely has to – like when eating soup.
“If he wanted to be a part of your lives, he would be.” Castiel huffs, trying not to sound like he’s as frustrated with their father as he really is. “I think you’ve put enough of your energy into him and you should focus more on yourselves now.”
about his appreciation. Castiel folds over him again and puts his teeth in the back of Dean’s neck because it’s really the only thing he can reach and he knows Dean will like it – and he
At no point did Castiel ever think that he would have trouble accepting that he can actually
, let alone
Some of Dean’s favourite things are from the sunken floating-reefs. They’re made of a kind of material he’s never seen in the deeps before. It’s hard to the touch but can be smashed if it’s hit with something else. When it shatters, it breaks into sharp, jagged little pieces that are just as beautiful as when it was whole. And best of all, it comes in different colours even though most of it is see through. Which is kind of what he likes about it. Dean has a few things made of that stuff. Most of them are in weird tube shapes with wide flat bottoms and thin necks where he can actually put things like shine-stones and rocks with cool designs in it and they rattle around against its sides.
The questions is obviously directed at Dean, but Castiel feels it like he’s just been slapped in the face. He can’t stop himself from tensing slightly, his grip on Dean’s arm tightening. It takes everything in his power to keep all emotion from his voice when he answers for Dean – since he seems capable of only staring at Benny with an open mouth.
It’s usually the first hit or first blood that kicks it all off. If these people are what Dean thinks they are, then they won’t attack. They’ll scatter – just as they do when the town guards show up whenever they’re going after the farms and the loggers. Taking out their camp with a good fire spell should be enough to convince them to pack up and move.
like the end, but Dean knows that it is.
“Vibe check!”
Dean is already on his second slice of pizza at this point and Castiel tucks in straight away to try and catch up. It’s hard to focus on eating though, because Dean makes it a point to watch him the whole time. There’s a soft quality to his features though; his eyes warm. Were this a cartoon, Castiel imagines there would be hearts in his eyes.
to do something about it.
Now if only he could spend the rest of the night like this. It would be
“I told you, I don’t –”
“Yeah, it’s Cas.” Dean moves his hand from Castiel’s lip to cupping his cheek, his thumb rubbing just under his eye. Without thinking, he leans his face into the touch. “I’m bisexual and I – I’m in love with Cas. Have been for a long time.”
The family resemblance really isn’t that strong. Dean can kinda pick out some parts of the glowing pattern on Balthazar’s tail that would match some of Cas’s pattern. But it’s definitely not exactly the same. Just – it’s
talk about it.”
“You don’t
“It’s not
Surprise fills Dean’s face again. It’s just for a moment before he remembers that they’re supposed to be fighting. He throws out a false snarl and knocks Castiel’s hands away. Dean rolls to get his arms around Castiel’s waist, his tail thrashing hard enough to send them both down to the sea floor again – and back behind coral cover.
Is Dean teasing him? This
’ that reads across several pieces of paper.
“Aw, sweetheart.” Dean brings the cloth to his scales, wiping away the mess Paul made.
Cas faces him too, hands folded neatly in his lap. “I am very interested in living here. If you have any more questions about me or my personal habits, I would be happy to answer them.”
Dean shrugs and keeps swimming to distract himself.
There’s still a few hours between now and when Dean needs to leave, but it’s going to take a long time for this to go away and Castiel needs every moment to get himself under control. He’s going to have to be very careful with his outfit choice for today. If his pants are too tight, the normal friction might be too much for him to handle. But if they’re too loose, they’ll easily show off any semi-erection he might get from – well, from basically anything. At this point, he wouldn’t be surprised if a stiff breeze would be enough to get him aroused during the day.
Of course, it didn’t hurt that the dog started wagging its tail the moment it notice him. It bounded up to him with tongue lolling out and followed him out to the Impala dutifully, no collar and leash needed. Dean broke his own rule and let the cloud sit in the back seat. Since Cas probably would need them later, especially once the spell wore off (or was broken once they got back to the bunker), Dean has his clothes folded neatly on the front seat.
with his second gender.
There’s a brotherly bickering storm on the horizon and Castiel quickly escapes from it. He leaves the two of them at the door so he can check on the Guinea Pigs, because they
He absolutely won’t think about how
Should he say something? No, of course not. That would mean they would know his was watching. And that would mean
.” She huffs and steps between his legs again. “Just let me adjust your halo a bit and then we’re good to go.”
Of all the sounds Dean has made when he sees Castiel either shirtless or with his wings stretched out, he has never gasped in horror as he does when he walks into the room right now. “What are you
“Was he alright?”
that pulses almost painfully through him. His wings shiver against his back and he knows, without a doubt, that Dean definitely caught how they flexed.
The fact that the
With that, he’s able to lift his head and look Dean in the eye again. “I’ve never had sex before. At all.” Dean’s wide eyes get even wider and he’s staring at Castiel with an open mouth. He continues on. “Everything I know about it is what I’ve seen in Gabriel’s magazines, the stories you’ve told, and the porn we’ve watched – as well as some research and pointers I looked up after you first fingered me.”
And now Castiel kind of wants to
A word surfaces in Castiel’s mind and he spits it into the kin-connection, wrapping it in his anger and venom and sadness.
“Because this is starting to become
nephew.” Castiel sighs and rolls his eyes. He should have expected that she would do something like this the first time she sees the Winchesters since their last visit.
“We have five chairs in the trunk.” Sam starts counting things off on his fingers. “And I’ve got three blankets. Anna and Amara said they’re going to bring their own. The cooler is packed and – oh!”
“So, you’re really going to wine and dine me first, are you?”
“Just the two of you, right?” She leans around him and her eyebrows go up. There’s graying hair at her temples and wrinkles in the corners of her eyes. She looks nice, but Castiel is too busy counting to keep himself calm to notice much else. “Oh, you’re not Sam! Hello, who’s this?”
? This is fucking ridiculous. They’ve got to be joking here.
“And then you did it again
“Reading you loud and clear, Cas.” Dean’s voice carries his grin and his teeth catch Castiel’s ear, tugging at it sharply for too brief of a moment. That little nip feels so good too and Castiel wants even more of it.
to do that for him – to kiss him and hold him close before moving down his body to settle between his legs and show him what is just so enjoyable about being the recipient of a blow job. What he wouldn’t give to be the one to do that
“Is there ever gonna be a day where you
anywhere before. Anna and Aunt Amara don’t have him over very often, and when they do, he just treats their home like his own – the same as how they are at his house.
line.” He breathes heavily through his nose and hunches his shoulders as Castiel continues teasing. “I –
After a moment, Dean shrugs and tries to keep from sounding
But then a few more messages had popped in almost right away.
you.”
Wait, what? That’s certainly something new and more than just a little bit surprising. What is that supposed to mean, exactly? What kind of relationship would they have if they didn’t have sex anymore? Castiel is fairly certain that he’s never going to be able to go back to being
He grumbles quietly to himself and nuzzles his forehead against the back of Dean’s head. “You’re making this really hard for me.”
Angel just doesn’t quite cover it.
good illusion and even Dean would have trouble seeing through it if it wasn’t for the necklace he’s wearing. It makes illusions shimmer like heat haze. The horned charm was a gift from Sam when they were kids. It was something cheap that he got at a flea market, but it’s also what actually drew Cas to them in the first place. According to him, the necklace is some kind of ancient artifact. Even
of the A Little Patience story line.
That’s not exactly the answer he was expecting, but it has his feathers fluff – more in delight than in surprise. Dean tracks the movement with interest; even licking his lips. The only thing Castiel doesn’t understand is
“I’m sure I don’t know
in his pictures. The only people in them are the ones who get caught in the background. Honestly, Castiel just hasn’t had much interest in taking pictures of humans. He has a few of Gabriel and Mother and Father, but other than that there’s no one else in his life that he feels like photographing. Thus far
Sam holds up the bag in his hand. “Of course I did.”
.” A small smile quirks in the corner of the guy’s mouth. “I don’t have insurance for it or anything, so don’t worry. You’re off the hook.”
Balthazar must have more to his point, right?
Okay, maybe not
Castiel is riding an adrenaline high and he crosses his arms to hide the way his hands are shaking. “How did you find me?”
Thirteen days and they’re still in limbo.
. Sometimes she screamed into that yawning, unfathomable, ethereal void because she had no other way to vent how horrible it feels not to be just
Aunt Amara frowns and makes a show of taking the gravy boat away. “But I did peel and mash all those potatoes myself! And I mixed the gravy from the package
“Little bro, listen to me.” Gabriel sighs again and fixes him with a flat look. “You don’t need any of that. The interview is just a formality. I already got Crowley to agree to hire you, so no matter what you’re gonna get the job.”
– angry and sad and snapping at everyone, including each other. It hurts his heart all over again and Castiel hides his face against Anna’s shoulder again.
She laughs and rolls her eyes. “Knowing him? Probably not.” Jo stands up and turns to look through the window too. “I’d bet ten bucks that he’s bugging Benny about his secret new job.” She turns back and shakes her head. “But we don’t usually let the employees take visitors during working hours unless it’s an emergency or something.”
, you idiot.” Sam turns his head to glare at him. “I
“You have favourite things about me?” Something almost like a smile creases at the corners of Cas’s eyes. “I am most curious to learn what else that might be.”
Maybe he should just give up and look into moving to a one bedroom?
“Oh!” Mother gasps suddenly before dissolving into surprised laughter. “I should have known that Castiel would have you there. I look forward to meeting you next month.”
are the people that would matter the most right now.
Dean shrugs again and gives them all his most winning of smiles.
“No shit, Sherlock.” The eye-roll is audible in Dean’s voice. “But thanks.”
He doesn’t appreciate the mocking laughter from the couch. “Oh, I dunno, Cassie. It’s not like finals finished last week or anything.” Gabriel cackles again and shoves a handful of caramel popcorn into his mouth. “I’m gonna go out on a limb here and say that they passed everything.”
He nearly flinches when Alistair makes a sharp gesture at him and the captains.
This chapter takes place during
As tempting as these plans are, Castiel shakes his head. “I think I’ll just stay off his radar for the time being. He’s not going to want anything to do with me after this afternoon.”
The mood in the kin-connection darkens and Sam looks away. He settles heavily on the fold of his tail and stares at the floor for a long while before he answers. During his silence, Jess puts a hand on his shoulder and Castiel can sense a fraction of the comfort she feeds into the kin-connection to him. Is this a touchy subject? Maybe it would have been better of him to have more tact before he spoke. Well, too bad. What’s done is done.
After another pause, Dean sighs loudly. “
does, but I certainly do.”
When he’s finally done, Dean withdraws and stretches out on the bed next to him. He settles into the pillows almost exactly like he did earlier, but this time he opens a condom and rolls it on himself instead. Once he’s ready, Dean pats his lap and gives Castiel an expectant look. “Climb on up, buckaroo. It’s time for the ride of your life. I hope you’re ready.”
on either side. It’s the best result possible at this point in time and he knows that he isn’t the only one pleased by it.
But everything Dean is telling him now is going against everything Castiel convinced himself of when he was a child. When he was young, Castiel took those beginning desires and ideas and he buried them as deep as he could inside of himself. It’s all getting dug up again now as Dean goes into a detailed explanation about just how
Castiel probably shouldn’t feel as smug as he does.
“I see.” He clears his throat and rubs a hand over his forehead. “Are you finished work now?”
Charlie goes right back to poking his tail and slapping his end-fin. Her amusement is dancing around the last dredges of the sleep veil Dean is desperately trying to cling to. But she’s ruining it and he’s going to hate her for this forever if she doesn’t fuck right off. He calls out a quick echo and winces at the silver image painted in his head from it. She’s on her belly and taking up the opening of where he sleeps under an overhang, and she looks
thing going on.
Either way, Castiel doesn’t really feel comfortable calling himself any sort of sexuality until he has actually experienced sexual attraction. Until then, he’ll continue to do research and hopefully find what he feels suits him best. But it’s comforting to know that he falls under the graysexual spectrum somewhere, even if he hasn’t found an exact spot yet. It’s a start, and that’s miles more than he had a few days ago. He may not be ready to share this discovey with anyone yet, but it has certainly made Castiel feel better about himself.
understand. There must be a method to Bobby’s madness, but his knowledge of guns is lacking too much to form a proper opinion on it.
been a long time coming, hasn’t it?)
Cas’s eyebrow twitches and he takes a sip of his tea. “I have compiled certain curiosities of my own. If you are amenable, I would like to ask them now.”
That’s a little disappointing, but it’s also pretty...
time, let alone ever stopping to wonder what happened to the boy his age that he used to play with
