A dark chuckle of reaction at one participant of a meld suddenly choosing a slight strategic withdrawal from it.
“So are we,” Sh’lok said urgently. “Hull temperature eight hundred ten degrees and rising. The star’s  gravimetric pull is increasing—”
John thought—and took everything in at a glance: Halka rotating past beneath them, the planet surface
Sh’lok regarded his Captain with a sort of loaded equanimity. “Quite the contrary, Captain,” Sh’lok said. “I  had a very strong reaction. My first sight was the face of Doctor Lestrade bending over me.”
Here the mindmeld most thoroughly proved its usefulness, for John got so lost in the exquisite feel of Sh’lok’s hand working him that words were turning out to be hard to find. Not least because of the astounding synesthesia—if that was the word for it—when you found yourself feeling what the other felt, and felt
in ways that had to be giving someone who so routinely professed himself a stranger to emotion a headache of monumental proportions.
Sh’lok briefly favoured John with a look that was starting to become familiar—one that said, without words,
for fuck’s sake, practically an attempt at a regulation old-naval “full set”. A Sh’lok drawn up, like the Transporter chief next to him, in a stiff formal cross-armed position that then turned into a right-handed fist-on-shoulder thump and a stretched-out right arm with the hand slanted out and palm-up—a salute that instantly brought up very bad associations from Earth history of centuries past, a terrible time of unspeakable atrocities.
? He knew Sh’lok was far more than all right; indeed, overjoyed, ecstatic, simply and straightforwardly
”Yes, I know,” John said. “Here’s your circulating pump.” He handed it to Appel, who stared at it nonplussed. “You've complained this planet is a mineralogical treasure house if you had the equipment to get at it. Gentlemen, the Horta moves through rock the way we move through air! And it leaves tunnels. They’re the greatest natural miners in the universe.” John waved his arms in a let’s-all-see-sense kind of gesture. “It seems to me we could make an agreement, reach a
“It's possible.” And damn it all, there was that gleam in Sh’lok’s eyes—that indomitable curiosity, that unquenchable desire to unravel the unknown. This creature was a puzzle, one Sh’lok was determined to solve.
John couldn’t bear it any more, had to move. He took a few steps  toward the dais, caught S’kroft’s eye. “What happens to Sh’lok if I decline?”
John burst out laughing, and was glad to see Sh’lok’s eyes crinkling at him, confirmation that he understood John and could find it funny too.
Sh’lok, getting up on the other side of the bed and fishing around on the floor for yesterday evening’s uniform tunics, cocked a rueful eye at John. “Mrs. Hudson’s tendency toward dramatic overstatement is normally more amusing.”
That impossible-to-describe sense of connectedness, of solid support, of safe harbour: the knowledge that there was someone working with him,
“I do not desire the captaincy,” Sh’lok said, matching John’s pace. “I much prefer my scientific duties and studies. I am frankly content to be a lesser target.”
But another more important voice of command shouted at Sh’lok to stop, and while a halt was called and new weapons were brought, once more the fever rose up in a dark green tide and poured itself over him, strong past any strength remaining in him to resist. When the
As much to get away from that as to seek some kind of clarification John hurriedly turned his back on Sh’lok and followed after S’kroft, who was about to seat himself again. “Now wait a minute, sir!” John said. “Who said anything about a fight to the death?”
“Of course we’ll wind up taking a little ribbing from other starship crews about acting like the sector’s most heavily-armed freighter,” John said, “but it’ll be worth it: lives saved, planetary economies restored to their proper functioning...” He turned away, oh so casual. “And of course for coordination with our own onward schedule, you’d then need to poll Janus VI’s computers to reference their shipping schedules and the rest of the pertinent shipment details…” Which would, John knew, invariably include data on what crews were doing what work in what areas to produce the shipments in question, as such data determined how much the miners were paid.
Mrs. Hudson gave him a look that was completely unconvinced. “You’re an engineer now,” she said, and turned away to lean against the desk, musing. “…I’ll have to tap the power we need from the warp engines and balance it for the four of us.”
He was on his back again with his feet braced on the mattress for leverage and his knees bent. Sh’lok was kneeling between them, his fingers interlaced with John’s as he tried to get control of John’s arms by pushing them straight down so as to pinion his elbows against his sides. Until this moment, John had been resisting him by pushing straight up. But now, slowly, he started to angle his arms out to either side. He would not unlace their fingers. He gripped Sh’lok’s tight in his own, and forced him to spread his arms as John spread his own; pulled him down and pulled him close, until he was forcing Sh’lok to pin John’s hands, more or less spreadeagled, to the bed.
The creature shuddered and flinched away from the phaser fire, shuffled back the way it had come in a flurry of fringes, and dove into the tunnel behind it at amazing speed. John and Sh’lok ran after it, but weren’t in time to see much more but a cloud of fumes—and when that cleared, nothing but another of those tunnels that went on and on, this one now as empty as the one they’d been examining moments before.
A good distance away—for so the thinner air made it sound—John could hear a soft sound: very small bells, ringing shrilly. But Sh’lok was already moving to the central dais again, reaching for the gong’s bronze mallet. He struck the gong with it, and once again the air shook with the depth of the sound and an unsettling range of high harmonics that shivered down John’s nerves. A second or two later movement caught John’s eye through the far gateway in the ring wall, and he was surprised at how quickly the source of those bells appeared.
“Captain,” Mrs. Hudson said, coming over to stand by him. “The Transporter chief mentioned a surge of power. The Transporter lock might have been affected by the ion storm… and we just materialised somewhere else!”
Much later, John lay there drowsing with Sh’lok already draped all over him in peaceful slumber—the explanation had been a divinely long one in subjective time—and thought of the various career moments his First Officer had recounted to him earlier. Idly he started to wonder whether he should be writing this stuff up.
John wondered. He threw a glance at Lestrade as he got back to his feet, and in passing noticed Dr. Hooper, who’d apparently brought the hypo up, standing near the turbolift with her face a study in pain.
Vanderberg had the grace to look horrified, even ashamed. “We didn't know. How could we? But—” He gestured at the floor, where there were a fair number of the unbroken nodules scattered around. “You mean if these eggs hatch, there'll be
Quite suddenly Dr. Hooper’s voice rang through the Bridge. “Bridge, this is Sickbay! Tell Dr. Lestrade that Mr. Sh’lok just left here! He’s delirious, possibly dangerous—”
“Something’s happening in the reactor room!” Vanderberg shouted, and went through the hole in the door. Fascinated by the clean sharp edge of the cut-through, John lifted a hand toward it, but paused when Sh’lok reached out with his phaser hand to stop him.
The Controller will live for ten thousand years, and we shall give him all our devotion! He will outlast you and everything you know a thousand times over.”
Sh’lok’s eyebrows went up as he examined the thing.  “But a geological oddity, to say the least. Pure silicon?”
“…Yes.” John saw Sh’lok swallow. “If my presence is unnecessary,” Sh’lok said, “I’ll go. I was merely thinking that possibly…”
Here John had to keep himself under tight control so as not to give way to his initial response—to push the other straight the hell back out of matters that would normally have been absolutely none of his fucking business.
Sh’lok relaxed into his didactic mode. “It exists physically,” he said. “It occupies space. It has mass, therefore gravity. It converts matter to energy—”
“Oiling my traps, darling,” she said as she came closer. “I'm afraid I'm a little out of practice.” That slightly mischievous face that so easily revealed irony or calculation was significantly less mobile at the moment—far less at ease with being tentative. “Maybe that's what happened to us?” Mary was toying with a lock of her hair. “It's very hard for a working officer to shine as a woman every minute… and you demand perfection.”
. It was a sound of utter resignation disguised as a breath, and the sound of it tore something open in John. “But I am uncertain how much longer I
“I take it we are discussing the prospect in the personal and particular mode,” Sh’lok said, “and not the general.”
The words were as dry and matter-of-fact as someone passing on a weather report… and John couldn’t think of a time he’d ever felt the weather turn from foul to fair so quickly. While John was still hunting for a reply that didn’t make him sound like an idiot, Lestrade said, “Where are you, Sh’lok?”
Sh’lok lifted himself up a bit, and John eased his trousers off him and down, tossing them over on top of his own; then settled himself close to Sh’lok again.
“No,” Lestrade said, and for the first time his voice lightened a little, so that he sounded a little more like the way he normally did when Sh’lok was being alien or different in a way that Lestrade thought was being manifested just to annoy him. “That incredible Vulcan physique hung on until the life-support cycle took over. His body lives. The autonomic functions continue.” And his voice went heavy again. “But there is no mind.”
The expression Sh’lok turned on John was a bit ruminative. “To obtain that kind of communication, Captain,” he said, “it will be necessary to touch it.”
This conjecture was so peculiar that Sh’lok judged it best to just keep quiet. “Never mind,” Lestrade said. “Probably some deep developmental thing. Definitely
It lifted, twitching several times to confirm that the movement was not involuntary. “Correct,” Sh’lok said.
It had been logical, it had seemed necessary… but John hadn’t at all realised that in the execution, this idea was going to be truly awful to bear. He stood there looking at the Vulcan’s face, which was a mask, and his eyes, which were empty; and then he wanted to turn away, but couldn’t—it seemed like a betrayal. Very quietly John said to Lestrade, “Bring him along.”
“Well, you know the old saying,” John said. “Murder will out. It got outed in a pretty different way, this time. Something else to thank the Horta for, I suppose.”
he venerated with his whole heart and soul. Sh’lok’s face was immobile enough, but his eyes were locked on John’s, willing him to understand.
For the moment all he could do was nod slightly. “Yes,” Sh’lok said, and if his voice sounded hoarse and rough in his ears, it was no surprise. His throat was already so tight with grief that he was astonished he could get out so much as a word. “I’ll follow you up in a few minutes. You will instruct Mr. Bradstreet to plot a course for the nearest Starbase, where I must surrender myself to the authorities.”
Their eyes met. Once again as Sh’lok turned fully toward him John was locked in place by that dark look, silver-blue around the edges but going darker by the moment as uncertainty slowly vanished from it and something deep and potent began flowing into its place. At least partly to support himself, John brought his hands up and gently took hold of Sh’lok’s upper arms.
crouched and wiggled and jumped and grunted in happy excitement. “Know what I want you to do with this?
The reactor room was full of antiquated-looking control consoles and a central column that had had another of those large holes melted into it, this one far less regular than all the others—but straight through three layers of armor plate. Vanderberg was peering into the hole and swearing: he stood up as John and Sh’lok joined him.
Lestrade shook his head. “No. I just removed these for examination. His body's full of these tentacles, entwining and growing all through his nervous system.” Bones looked at the jar with an expression of profound disquiet. “The speed of it is astonishing. We were wondering how long your sister and sister-in-law had been carrying their parasites, but to judge by the rate at which the thing invaded Sh’lok’s nervous system, it could possibly have been a matter of just days, maybe even hours…”
“What Chief Vanderberg said about the Horta,” Sh’lok said, “is exactly what the mother Horta said to me when we parted company earlier. She found humanoid appearance revolting, but she thought she could get used to it.”
In the next second, and without knowing how she knew, Donovan instantly understood how Anderson had got that scar, who’d given it to him, and why he’d not had it repaired.
“Garrideb here, Captain,” the answer came back. “Mr Sh’lok stepped out about half an hour ago. Said he needed to get something from his quarters.”
related. He is the Young Father of our House—the son of the head of a most ancient line of which my family’s is a branch. His mother, who’s a great age even for a Vulcan, has denoted him as her heiress—”
John lifted his head, tilted it back to gaze up into those eyes. The silver in them was reduced to a slivery new-moon’s edge now, and something else was showing its edge there too, something more perilous.
S’kroft reached out, the long square-cut pendant sleeves of his tunic unfolding like wings, and carefully, thoughtfully placed his fingers on Sh’lok’s face. Then he changed their position slightly, as if looking for something. John remembered the feeling of fingers on his own face, how the touch itself had seemed to search down into him, to draw him and Sh’lok so intimately together. He swallowed, feeling something cold whisper down his back, as if what was happening here somehow threatened that memory—
The predictable adrenaline-fueled shiver went down his back, but he had no time for it now. Vanderberg and the half-dozen or so of the mining facility’s people who’d elected to stay behind after the general evacuation were gathering around him now, waiting for orders.
Recalling that first mindmeld, Sh’lok still sounded abashed through his tenderness. John found the vulnerability, the reticence, profoundly moving. He drew Sh’lok’s face close, lipped at one cheek, then kissed his temple. “Yes?”
John managed to lean just enough away from it to keep that from happening while getting another grip on Sh’lok, and he and Dimmock and Bradstreet the weapons officer just concentrated on holding onto him and keeping him away from the helm. Sh’lok’s struggles were becoming increasingly frantic and less focused, and finally it was that, more than any strength they could bring to bear on him, that helped those of the Bridge crew who hadn’t already been damaged to topple Sh’lok onto the floor on his back, between the helm and the center seat, and more or less dogpile him.
“Is my concern, not yours,” John said. In the spirit of trying to be a little adventurous, he said, “You would find me a formidable enemy.”
Greg took one final glance down at his unusual patient—and realised with a start that the eyes of the man he’d been treating were open. They were looking up at him with a most unsettling expression, one that Sh’lok was still too recently awake to completely control. The look in his eyes was one of astonishment, of utter perplexity. Then came an expression that Greg had seen more than once before, though Sh’lok had often enough tried to disguise it under his normal deadpan look; the eyes always gave it away. It was one of raging curiosity, yoked in this instance to an equally raging anger at being confronted with something Sh’lok didn’t understand and desperately needed to.
How long they lay together, holding each other, shaking with aftershocks, gasping, faces pressed together, John had no idea. After they came the mindmeld gradually came undone, but John was finding it hard to feel as bereft at that as might have seemed logical under other circumstances. To him there now seemed to be some connection between him and Sh’lok that was still extant, an unseen thread stretching between them, unbroken. In fact it occurred to John, as he finally realised his pulse had finished slowing back to something like normal, that that thread might have been there for some time. He’d just been too unobservant to notice it.
John nodded. “Listen,” he said. “Sh’lok.” He brought up his other hand so that he held Sh’lok by the upper arms as Sh’lok had held him. “I may be as human as they come but I’m not all that expert on emotions. This I
And suddenly the barrier was back: suddenly she was having to force the words out, and she was trying and not getting them out, not
an order, oh of course not, because a Vulcan wouldn’t do such a thing. But regardless, an unguarded moment, too much attention on investigation, on discovery, on Science— And then Sh’lok left as nothing but a smoking stain on one of these cold stone floors, that remarkable intelligence and unique personality irrevocably lost to Starfleet, to the
She leaned just a little into the touch and breathed out a small sigh of something that sounded like amusement— then turned away, smiling, and made for the door of the main sleeping area. As the door slipped aside for her she half turned toward John, giving him something of a coquettish look as she sipped the last of her drink. Then Mary vanished inside and the door slid shut behind her.
John was leaning over the Transporter console from the front, completely focused on making the adjustments in the exact order Mrs. Hudson had described to him, because if he got them out of order he would have to zero out the command buffer in the console and there was no spare time for that—things were running close enough to the wire as they were. It wasn’t as if this kind of thing was beyond him, hardly that, he’d spent some time as a Transporter officer in previous years, on previous ships, it was just one more of the jobs someone in line for command learned to do, but when you sat in the centre seat this kind of specialised work was something you had no choice but to lose touch with, and so you had to be extra careful when circumstance threw you back into it. He flicked the controls over one by one in the prescribed patterns, set them, locked them.
John realised that the word “anticlimactic” was meant as a reminder of how cagey Lestrade had been about getting his apparently-dead Captain back onto the
John spluttered. “Um. Sh’lok… close but no cigar. The idiomatic bugs are more routinely passive or self-inflicted. I think you’re looking for ‘a flea in her ear.’”
Sh’lok had stepped in behind Vanderberg’s desk and was touching controls on the computer’s console, changing the focus of the map. “Mr. Sh’lok?” John said.
Sh’lok made straight for the helm and grabbed hold of Mr. Dimmock, pulling him out of his seat. “Must—take the ship—!” Sh’lok shouted in a harsh, half-strangled voice, and threw Dimmock halfway across the Bridge.
You’d have left me climbing dunes and getting my boots full of sand for God knows how long. Think I prefer it down here, thank you very much. So come on out, because we need to talk, and even in here there’s not a lot of time.”
Until he was old enough to move out, John had kept his head down and concentrated on getting grades that would be good enough to get him not just away from the Midlands, but ideally away from Earth. He’d known there were plenty of people like him in the interstellar Merchant Marine, who felt that any planet without their relatives on it was a good one. Qualifying for Starfleet had been an unexpected bonus.
John thought, as Sh’lok drove so deeply into him, again and again. And John lost himself again and again in the feeling of his body welcoming Sh’lok in, as if he’d always belonged there; as if his presence there was a completion John had never even suspected possible. When he’d first come aboard
The doctor juggled the hand sensor irritably for a moment, then went back to kneel by the Horta again. John looked back at Sh’lok, still clinging to the creature, trembling as it trembled.
But then again, Sh'lok had been deeply immersed in someone else's emotions... a situation that was inevitably going to be problematic for someone whose relationship with his
Never taking her eyes off him, she backed up the stairs to the upper ring and stalked around toward the turbolift doors. As the junior comms officer moved toward her, she handed him her padd stylus. “Take over for me,” Donovan said.
He stepped inside, holding still for a moment to adapt; his quarters’ ambient lighting was even dimmer, this time of night, than the corridors’. John stepped aside to let Sh’lok in past him. A warm shadow, Sh’lok brushed by.
staffs went on and on, longer than it should have. John kept expecting Sh’lok to knock him on his arse, but it didn’t happen. He shoved hard forward, lunging, forcing Sh’lok to leap backward a meter or so and recover into that crouching stance again.
Sh’lok smiled, that wicked smile that John thought he would never, never get tired of. “John. Such flattery. I think.”
He’d already destroyed his desk monitor in a fit of the kind of rage that (after the satisfying fact) routinely mortified him as a child. And the thought of that other child’s face he’d looked upon earlier on that monitor—the upsweep of long dark hair, the already perfectly controlled expression (a level of control then already impossible for him, and long since rejected as suboptimal, even though then so greatly desired)…that had only made matters worse.
That response too remained as it had been from the start. Where John Watson led, Sh’lok would follow—though there were more than enough times when that order would abruptly reverse itself, leaving John running after his Science Officer on the trail of some tantalising mystery or into some crazy danger and muttering
John took a breath or two, forcing himself to take the time to process. “Did you operate on Sh’lok in time?”
Sh’lok could have told him how many, John knew that. But surprisingly, he refrained. “John,” he said at last, more quietly, “there are beings for whom kindness is their first impulse, and others for whom it is their last. The previous Controller would unfortunately have been one of the latter. What he did is done. It falls to us, now, to help put right what we’ve found so badly wronged.”
Lestrade’s face was a study in frustration. “I’m sorry, John. We've been over and over it, made every conceivable test.”
John ignored this and concentrated on spending the next few moments sucking Sh’lok’s tongue in a gentle, insistent, rhythmic evocation of something that might happen between them, elsewhere, in the very near future. He felt Sh’lok stiffen, in more ways than one.
But Sh’lok was nodding, looking out into that darkness too. “So much to investigate,” he said. “So much to discover. Endless diversity. Just waiting.”
“S’kroft,” Sh’lok said, more intensely, more desperately, as if every word he was pushing out was costing him some unspeakable price. “I
Sh’lok shook his head, resting his cheek against John’s shoulder in such a way that he could practically feel his Vulcan’s interior resignation merely through the slight release of tension in his musculature. “This part of space has become much more attractive to the more expansionist species on this side of the Galaxy in recent years, since its stellar weather began to change. While the radiation levels here were severe enough to prevent even accurate long-range scanning and survey, let alone the maintenance of a frequent enough presence to secure even casual trading relationships, no one took any real interest. But now, since the remnant of the old Van Buren supernova’s pressure shell has finally begun to blow through this region and started taking the local emissive nebulae with it…”
Sh’lok thought. There it was, the story his mother had read him so long ago. It had been so illogical, and he had told her so repeatedly: but he never tried to stop her reading it, that centuries-old tale of Earth. At its heart was one small being, slipping unnoticed into the place of strength of a much greater one: matching cleverness and resolve against age and brute strength, and winning—stealing from right under the enemy’s nose the single object that would eventually prove its downfall.
had during his career seen and become used to many behaviours and events that other cultures across the Galaxy would find cruel, terrible, indeed well-nigh insupportable. He had seen interstellar wars declared as an expression of mere personal vendettas, and planets destroyed on a whim (or, as seemed likely about to happen at the moment, for having the temerity not to fall in wholeheartedly with a demand that would have stripped their indigenous species of both planetary resources and defining cultural expression). To such events and manifestations, and many more like them, he had become inured. Little he heard tell of, or perceived with his own eyes, held any power to surprise him any more.
He got up from behind the desk, as he’d done any number of times over the past couple of hours, and started pacing again, as if an answer was something he might trip over eventually if he just kept moving long enough. “Something in the sun killed that thing
Sh’lok’s look softened. “Because you care about them,” he said. “And don’t mind them seeing that such caring can take other forms than merely repeatedly saving their lives.”
The ominous growling went on. Under his boots, the surface on which John stood began to slip and slide, and from deep below it he could feel something like a very localised earthquake starting. Everything began to vibrate. Gems jumped and bounced from where they lay, buzzing with the force imparted to them from below, and coins rang against each other like tiny cracked bells as they slid and piled. In the dimness John could see whole hills of treasure heaving and glittering as they collapsed away from each other or down into themselves, and something that had been hidden started to rear up from beneath them.
skin made John shimmy a little where he stood. “How would you feel,” he said out loud, because hearing Sh’lok in his head was growing exponentially more sexy every moment and John wasn’t yet sure he might not go off prematurely, “about less clothes?”
“Captain…” Sh’lok said, and their eyes met. “There has been little time for this; the exigencies of the day have militated against it. But I wanted you to know that I sorrow for your loss.”
Slowly he went over to her, knelt down. It had happened to John before, occasionally, in the line of duty, that some terrible thing had occurred and everything around him had seemed to move with preternatural slowness. Now it seemed as if the air around them all had gone thick, and in order to move at all John had to push his reaching hand out through it, feeling as if it was resisting him. He took hold of the woman’s arm and gently turned her over. And it was wrong,
work at Janus VI wasn’t entirely over didn’t start until fairly late on that initial too-busy day. After Sickbay (and a good long while spent listening to Lestrade bragging, not without reason, about his brilliance at improvisation in the medical mode), after an hour spent in his own quarters logging the hard facts of the events surrounding their meeting with the mother Horta, and its resolution—because such logging was always best done right after the events if at all possible—after all that, John wound up in the Officers’ Mess again for some dinner.
had anything to say about it. Such a nuisance to deal with, all the radiation, so untidy! Not to mention all the endless tonnes of shielding you need! At least they had plenty of prefab shielded containers lying around on Janus VI, no lack of
He walked over to Sh’lok’s station, where a starmap was displaying on the screen above. Behind Sh’lok, Dr. Lestrade was studying the map with some interest. “Evaluation, Mr. Sh’lok,” John said.
Slowly Sh’lok stepped away from there, head bowed, and made his way over to the attendants. “I grieve with thee,” he heard S’kroft say to Lestrade. Normally he would have been astonished to hear the expression come out of the man at all. But things were not normal, now. Nothing would ever be normal again.
“They’ve had a string of deaths in the last month or so,” Donovan said. “According to the message, something down in the mine has been killing the miners, and they seem unable to stop it. The facility’s on the point of shutting down.”
They bundled Bradstreet off. John stood there still wiping at the blood on his face and thinking of the weapons officer whose cheerful expertise he’d so long depended on without question or cavil, whose skill at the helm and seemingly instinctive grasp of starship gunnery had saved Enterprise’s durasteel skin any number of times.
that he'd won. That's the angle to work on, gentlemen.” He turned back to them. “I want an analysis of all this from Medical and Life Science departments within the hour.”
John nodded. Somehow he’d have been surprised to hear otherwise. “Sensors report the expected number of humans on the planet surface,” Sh’lok said. “However, they are strangely quiet. Very little activity.”
So Sh’lok, a little bemused by the good-humored way in which this ultimatum was delivered, got up on the damn bed and let Lestrade get on with his work.
He stepped away and made his way down into the central area, while John and Lestrade came down the stairs onto the paler, more golden sand. “He called it
Bones hadn’t come right out and said John’s niece wouldn’t survive much longer, perhaps intending to spare him that for as long as he could. But it was in the air.
John nodded slightly, able to find no other answer right then. He might command a starship with enough weaponry to destroy whole populations, but here he was powerless. And from the look on his face, Lestrade didn’t think too much of his own chances.
John gave Sh’lok a slightly concerned look at that. Sh’lok met his gaze and after a moment shook his head with one of those rare, slight smiles that not many on
He had come across endless peculiar objects buried in the hoard… a string tie here, a discarded shortsword there, a jackboot, a stage dagger from a Shakespeare play… Out of context they were funny or even surreal: but merely touch them (if he didn’t already recognise them) and their context would explode across John’s mind, briefly drowning out his local reality. Recovering usually took a while.
Sh’lok said, simultaneously, reaching out for John as John reached for him. They drew each other close, sliding arms around one another, and their mouths met again.
They all covered their eyes. Lestrade glanced around to make sure they they were set, then threw one of the switches on his console.
But no move seemed forthcoming. A few seconds later, the sound of footsteps brought John’s head up. At the curve of the nearby tunnel, Sh’lok appeared and took in the tableau at a glance. The creature immediately started to move in his direction, and Sh’lok instantly raised his phaser to fire.
“Changed the course?” Sh’lok said, very low. He looked as if he’d been taken by surprise: not by what John had said, but by the content of the statement.
Sh’lok looked up from his hooded viewer with the merest twitch of the corner of his mouth — one that John was learning by experience foreshadowed a rather feral smile. “Captain,” he said, “to
They looked around them as warily as John did, for the interior was once again subtly wrong—all hung with plaques festooned with antique and nasty-looking weapons. Greg, though, got past all that in a hurry in the business of turning his attention to John, and specifically to John’s face. “Here now,” he said, “what’s this?”
The last breath she managed to draw came out again in a scream that sounded as if it should have torn her throat in two. Arching against the bed, Clara convulsed, then stiffened—
A second later John was out of the seat and over by the railing that separated him from Sh’lok’s station. “Sh’lok,” he said, trying desperately not to contaminate the moment with too much potentially distasteful emotion,
is here, she could assist both the colony and the Federation in getting at least partially caught up on the shipments to pergium-using planets that have fallen behind during this crisis. A smart use of resources, don’t you think?”
, that kinship (undeniable), that admiration (irresistible), that courage (so formidable), that determination (so unstoppable),
John sighed. “Yes, delightful, noticed that, thank you,” he said, well resigned to the never-ending teasing from Lestrade about his fondness for a pretty face… though admittedly he preferred that there be a quick mind and a sharp sense of humour behind the attractive exterior.
He stepped forward, right between John and Lestrade, heading across the room… and walked straight into a desk.
John had no fucking intention of standing anywhere except right where he was— in fact, no intention at this point except to have something go wrong for somebody who
anyone’s ever imagined. The fabric of existence itself, of matter and energy, could wind up being deranged. This knowledge, this kind of technology, has got to be controlled, kept safe from people who’d use it irresponsibly.” A horrible concept manifested itself before John and he couldn’t help but share it, considering the company. “God, Sh’lok, science
Lestrade’s eyes were narrowed, tightly controlling some emotion that Sh’lok could not completely parse. But it was almost certainly rage, and Sh’lok was tempted to take best advantage of it and beg him,
John sat up, blinking in the brightness of the control room’s lights. He looked around him in brief confusion, and then said to Lestrade, “Well?”
The gentle touch of one of those long strong hands in his hair made John moan, made him let his head lean back into that hand, to be cupped by it, held safe.
There wasn’t much point in drawing this out any longer… at least not for today. “Stand by to beam up landing party,” John said. “And plot an extended orbit to clear disturbance. Watson out.”
The look on the Vulcan’s face went positively scandalized. “Surely you know the basics about them, Captain,” Sh’lok said. “You do
The door to Lestrade’s office hissed open in front of him. At least now he could look forward to a familiar voice that he
good. John had no idea how it was that he hadn’t come yet, for he could feel Sh’lok’s astonishment and joy at how he could feel John’s pleasure as if it was his own, at the way John could feel what Sh’lok was doing as if
“Later for that,” Sh’lok said. “Now you have to be someone else.” It was an amiable and informal version of the programming language he used on his mind to describe changing roles and circumstances. “Remember: no one comes in here. Destroy them if they try. Especially—” he pointed at the door at the farthest end of the corridor where they stood. “Especially if they try to get in
John snorted down his nose. Sh’lok rolled his eyes. “Quite. Well, S’kroft’s mother is one who delights in flouting all their fossilised proprieties… and as she is directly descended from Surak, no one dares say a word against her. When my mother first came to live on Vulcan, T’Pau visited her to look her over. And to their mutual surprise, they found they liked each other. So T’Pau came often to visit, and when she did, she would bring S’kroft with her, as he was only a few years older than I. He detested me, and I detested him…”
“Yes,” Sh’lok said, and straightened. “But one last thing. If I do have a soul in here somewhere… then if anyone alive can find it, John Watson, it will be you.”
Sh’lok’s feet were. Considering them whilst getting rid of his own socks, John grinned a slightly different grin.
John bared his teeth in a slightly feral grin, pulled Sh’lok down against him, sank his teeth in his shoulder, and against the background of Sh’lok’s surprise, rolled
John kicked it, and the bed popped itself out into its full-width configuration—about the same size as a superqueen on Earth, because even starship captains didn’t get to hog
enough kethimirizine to make up a decent inject for the control of the localised tissue recovery and regrowth in the
Vulcans, after all, were not seen by the Earth-humans who ran the Empire as being in any way equal to humans. Too many Vulcans had initially refused the Empire in the name of the species’ indigenous pacifist culture, which was quickly stamped out by a pragmatic Vulcan planetary government more interested in species survival. And indeed the Vulcans had only survived as part of the Empire by reverting so quickly to the older, more savage and warlike culture that underlay their pacifism. The Empire had realised that further aggressive moves against the Vulcans would cost the Empire far more than it would recoup afterwards… so they had stepped back from the. brink. But there was still much old bad feeling against the Vulcans that had never quite gone away, a mixture of
for—! But the fever drowned that out. Only once he paused when some other voice he felt bizarrely obliged to obey pulled him for a second out from under the drumbeat pounding of his pulse. He drove his
and paused there. “No change,” John said, it seeming a neutral enough response and one designed to defuse questions rather than provoke them.
The fewer people we have breathing the air down here, the longer the rest of us will be able to hold out. How much longer, Hudders?”
John slid himself closer, so that their chests were just a few inches apart, and rested his hands on Sh’lok’s.
John stood there breathing hard at experiencing so many memories so intensely, for there was someone else in there with him now doing it too, with a powerful sense of both astonished wonder and the healthy skepticism of someone examining a too-positively presented situation to find the inevitable catch.
Once again John found himself caught between helpless laughter and his eyes going wet. Bradstreet shook his head. “Sir,” he said, “you don’t even
A half glance sideways showed him the phaser Sh’lok was holding on him. John held still—but only just.
“I believe that theory has merit,” Sh’lok said; a formulation that John recognised as being as close as his First Officer would allow himself to get to saying “I think you’re right” without having evidence to substantiate it. “It may possibly be their first meal. I have no data from the mother Horta, unfortunately. But the issue is this: if the young
as he’d so very much desired. With every stroke John could feel the ecstasy rising higher in Sh’lok, that all this was
John nodded. Then he smiled a little. “You don’t think he’ll get insufferable about this with you, and start reminding you about it just to get under your skin?”
John nodded. “The chart says both of these tunnels converge a few thousand yards further. I’ll take the left. You take the right.”
“Yes,” John said, “the Controller.” He stood up, knowing he was onto something. “The Controller. Who controls? I would like to meet, to see him.”
As he moved slowly over to the booth to gaze inside, John noted that tone for later reference. Even when he was being his most nonemotional level of Vulcan, the educated listener could tell whether Sh’lok approved or disapproved of something… and this level of flatness routinely read as disapproval.
data banks. Anderson’s out of the loop right now as security officer, so you can have your way with the data. And if I know you, you’ll find a way to do it without leaving any traces of what you’ve done.”
“For which the Interstellar Physics Union’s entire membership daily thank their various deities, I’m sure.“
She ambled over to the helmsman’s seat and leaned one elbow on the back of it, looking into Anderson’s face as he turned around and actually batting her eyelashes. “You aren't very persistent, Mr. Anderson,” Donovan said, her voice lazy and breathy. “The game has
It was hard to find anything in this thesis that sounded like less than good sense.  Still, John sighed. “Going to have to try to avoid pulling the uniform off you on the Bridge, then. Or just grabbing hold of you in the corridor to snog you helpless on a whim.”
When the word came through from Farrell, the chief of Watson’s personal guard, that the Captain was alive and well and Bradstreet was on the way to the Booth, Sh’lok had been massively relieved—not that any of the crew around him would have been able to perceive any such thing. He called for one of his own security people and went to talk a little more privately to Captain Watson, at least partly because it was, logically, what he would normally have done in such an (admittedly, peculiar) situation.
Just for that moment, doubt intruded itself into Sh’lok’s eyes. “It is… an intriguing concept. But is it— I do not know if— “ He trailed off. Then he said, almost reluctantly, “Until now, alone has always protected me…”
John was finding it increasingly hard to convince himself that any of this was real. “How could he survive?”
enough to stop Sh’lok now. Victory and the end of this anguish was close to him, and the thought goaded him into a frenzy. He threw himself on his opponent with only one goal, to get the
This was plainly the kind of leader who wasn’t afraid to take a negotiation into uncomfortable territory, and John found himself admiring Tharn’s forthrightness even more. “But we won’t,” John said, with just a slight smile. “Consider
He met and held her gaze, intent on having Donovan understand that her Captain had complete confidence in her. It took a second or two, but John saw her eyes harden down a bit as the realisation settled in.
The humming and the sparkling began. As always, John felt his pulse start to quicken… and concentrated on keeping any possible expression of excitement hidden well away inside.
John sat quiet a moment and let his people do their work. The change in the trail suggested that the ship they’d been pursuing had eased down out of its FTL propulsion mode.
state, one they’d been in before every now and then in the line of business, warmed John in an entirely different way. He grinned as the turbolift slowed to a stop.
, what his hand was doing—punching that little button over and over in frustration. On, off, on, off, light on, light off,
The events outside the turbolift had seemed to take far longer than they actually had. Bones and Mrs. Hudson were just approaching his quarters’ door when John got there. He waved them in and secured the door behind them.
being an engineered thing, was a compromise between Vulcan and human tissue structures, and therefore both miraculous and damnably unique. Fortunately, Greg had had to deal with more than enough of Sh’lok’s brain trauma issues in the relatively short time they’d served together, and therefore (even without any remaining detailed memory of the godawful surgical events on Omicron Ceti VI) knew his way around the merely physical aspects of Sh’lok’s cerebral contents pretty well.
Donovan went into a flurry of motion, touching more controls and working around John’s arm where he leaned on the console. After a moment she shook her head. “Sorry, sir.”
“No, you won’t. You’ll learn to build houses, to keep warm. Think of it: you’ll see the sun every day, you’ll live under the sky, you’ll see the stars! —And we’ll help you until you don’t need our help any more. Humans live well all across the galaxy in conditions far worse, far stranger than these. You’ll be fine—”
them there!” Abernetty shouted. “It’ll only be a matter of time before the company has to start promoting from the inside. Things are gonna change—”
It was astounding that one could feel such pain from a wound that was nonphysical. Astonishing that one could feel it and not collapse. But for the moment, as the Transporter effect hummed behind him, that pain was Sh’lok’s fate to bear while seeing out his last moments on this world.
Massively the great shape shouldered up through the heaps of intellectual wealth—a shape all scaled in dark red, as red as venous human blood, red as the sands of the vast Vulcan desert John had seen above. The shoulders came up first, with the great wings folded down tight but ready to spread; then the rest of the huge long body, narrowing down from the broad wiry-muscled chest to a narrow waist and whiplash tail that thrashed around angrily, sending gold pieces scattering like so much hard yellow hail.
John Watson had been in a fair number of dodgy situations during his career, but this was one he didn’t think it was fair to say he should have imagined or prepared for.
When they paused for breath, John stroked Sh’lok’s cheek and glanced around. “Look,” he said, “how about a shower?” He turned his attention to the bed and sighed. “At least we only got the
“I'll do what I can, sir.” But the look she threw at him made it plain that wasn’t going to be much.
The thought of yet another death, this time of the brilliant friend he worked with every day, was just too much to bear at the moment.
power and class was by itself worthy of note.  John glanced over at the Science station. “What do you read, Mr. Sh’lok?”
of a race of creatures which made these tunnels. If so—if it is the only survivor of a dead race—to kill it would be a crime against science.”
The woman in the purple lame dress regarded John from across the L-shaped table, where she sat with Luma and several other women, and said very politely, “What are you? Why are you here?”
The impact of the intelligence in them now, that had been totally missing mere seconds before, was both amazing and unnerving.
John turned his head to press his lips against the hand that touched him, and looked up into Sh’lok’s eyes, smiling into them and shaking his head slightly. “I’m the luckiest man alive,” he said.
The security team filed out. Watching them go, John found it impossible to ignore the way Vanderberg looked after them with uneasy resignation, as if asking himself how many of them he wouldn’t see alive again.
have things to think about? Starship command is a poor career choice for those who desire a life of mindless leisure.”
Mrs. Hudson had followed John down to Sickbay, and had been standing quietly regarding the situation.
“Could not be located by even the entire staff of astronomers running the Greater Ophiuchus Tachyar Array. On
John nodded. “But whatever’s going on, we’re seeing a definite pattern, a systematic progression from planet to planet…”
John simply looked at her. After a moment Mary reached up, touched the hidden hot spots on the shielding panel again: it slid down. She swung away from it, her cocktail glass in one hand, making a little half-resigned moué. “It doesn't matter,” she said. “If Sh'lok fails his order, he'll be killed anyway.”
John said. And slow and slick and fierce and hungry Sh’lok pushed himself into John again, savoring the feeling of himself being welcomed in, held, included, made part of John Watson. John licked his lips and gasped again at the feeling of his Vulcan seating himself as deeply inside as he could possibly go.
much of a starship’s always-precious deck space. Despite the inbuilt elasticity of the bedclothes’ fabric, the tidily squared-away sheets still managed to get a bit pulled out of whack when the bed stretched itself out. It was a constant wonder to John that not even 23rd-century technology had so far worked out a way to deal with that. And also as usual, when the bed’s memory popped it out to full size, it whacked into his legs and nearly knocked John over sideways… because no matter how sure you were that you were standing just out of range, the bed always figured out a way to make a fool of you.
John leaned on the computer console and fiddled with the controls on top of it, idly punching the button that made it display its “ready to operate” light. He had never before wished so hard that he could think “outside the envelope” on command.
“Never seen anything like her,” Hudders said. “And ion propulsion at that. Normally ion drives are thousands of times slower than warp drive.
John nodded against Sh’lok and drew back to look into those eloquent eyes: fixed on him, waiting, ready for anything… so long as it was John proposing it.
Without warning the man who’s been securing the lift doors suddenly lunged at Bradstreet and chopped down across the elbow of his phaser arm. The phaser clattered to the floor, and the attacking crewman grabbed hold of Bradstreet and threw him headfirst into the corner. His head hit the turbolift-side wall and he slid to lie crumpled there. Perfect! John thought. He flung his right-hand pinioner straight into the corridor wall opposite. Not a second later the crewman who’d attacked Bradstreet had scooped up his phaser and fired, vaporising the man.
The sudden irrational image came to him of a starship full of Sh’loks, gathered from hundreds of universes, all endlessly experimenting, endlessly trying to top one another’s results, and endlessly deducing one another (and getting cranky about it when they got something wrong, because there was always
But then considering where they’d spent part of their day, John found it completely appropriate that Sh’lok should run a bit hot.
And then T’Eyreen came between him and the gong on the very threshold of that final stroke, and the descent into total madness began.
“Not specifically,” Sh’lok said. “But I did get the distinct impression she found them the most attractive human characteristic of all.” He produced an expression of faint pity. “I didn't have the heart to tell her that only
But then John was alerted by the gradual thinning of the fog around him. He stopped still, and a moment later as the fog dissipated he became aware of a solid surface under his feet.
Because there definitely was communication of a sort. It was a most private matter, so much so that not even to Lestrade had John ever breathed a word about it, for fear of having it rubbished as hallucination or delusion, however mild and benign. But every now and then he came down here and stood in the quiet and thought things over… and he could always feel that presence, unobtrusive, silent but always known to be listening.
Lestrade nodded and engaged his handheld control. Sh'lok’s body stood up, and Lestrade guided it out of the room behind John and Bradstreet.
The eyes widened. All the shadows wrapped around them in the meld stirred with amazement and alarm and oh, such unspeakable
man, if he thought anyone was conspiring against him, wouldn’t waste time in pouty resignation; he’d move to get rid of them.
John’s heart didn’t quite break on hearing that. The sensation was more like a stretching, preparatory to making room for something much bigger than had been there before… painful, but sweet. In any case, there was only one possible response.
The next thing John knew, Lestrade had come up next to him and taken his arm, and was walking him away, back toward the other dais. Behind them the bell-shaking began again, the two Vulcans in charge of that work now walking circles around the central dais.
John swallowed. Sh’lok’s eyes were actually halfway to rolling up in his head, his face gone tight in a rictus of what looked like barely-suppressed fury, and the interlaced fingers clutched together, flexed, clutched again. John thought of how many times he’d seen those fingers steepled in thought, or comfortably laced together as their owner gazed at him across the chessboard, and his guts clenched.
“For the moment we are continuing along our previously scheduled patrol route, sir. We passed 21 Carinae fifty-six minutes ago.”
“Would I be at all correct,” he said, examining the board, “in saying that I think you’ve got something you want to do that you’d like to ask me about, but it’s weird enough that you’re concerned that I might say no and you might need to go ahead and do it anyway?”
know? I could have made a thousand mistakes. Sealing nerve endings, joining ganglia…” He rolled his eyes as if the very concept was ridiculous despite his just having spent hours doing it. “The fluid balance is correct, but
Sh’lok said, and stood up, his eyes raking over the chessboard as he did; then meeting John’s again. “So let’s be about it, Captain. For the game is
And back John went to shut himself in and sit down behind his desk—where he could at least be unsettled in private, rather than inflicting it on everybody else. There he immersed himself in the paperwork that he never, ever got caught up on. The immersion had its desired effect. It took his mind off his own immediate worries (by reminding him of a whole different set of them) and deadened his brain somewhat.
. It was awful, and the desire to get back to where things were right again, where that void was filled, for that moment or so rose up and gripped John and practically
“Head directly for Altair Six,” John said as he stepped away from the center seat and made his way up to Sh'lok’s station, standing next to him.
It had made her nose wrinkle a bit, that memory, as it had when she’d first comprehended this particular preference. But Anderson—crass, clueless Anderson—liked
feelings could at the very least be termed ambivalent. “Have to admit, she was saying a lot of things I didn’t understand,” John said. “Kind of a tense time.”
Into the Bridge they went, a Bridge full of the sweet tedium of nothing-important-happening-at-the-moment. It was like a plunge out of hot weather into cool water, and John savoured that contrast today more than usual. Everyone looked relaxed and focused… and John could just feel all the unanswered questions hanging in the air.
John shook his head. “Keep closing. Denevan ship, reverse your course. Do you hear me? Reverse your course. Acknowledge!”
It is useless to resist us,” John said, and had to work hard to keep a wince of pain and embarrassment off his face, as this was not dialogue he’d ever in his life imagined having to use on another living being.
Finally she had no choice but to notice him. Donovan pulled out her earpiece—which had already told her everything she needed to hear—and levelled a cool flat no-expression expression at him that was meant to say,
at this. My yeoman’s going to—” He was about to say “pitch a fit” when he realised that the situation was a bit more dire than that. “Take one look and know
John sighed, as Dr. Hooper’s ongoing unrequited feelings toward his First Officer were no more news to him than they were to most of the rest of the crew. Though he felt for her, the situation was otherwise none of his business. “Bones, I'm a busy man….”
Four hours and thirty minutes later, John had made his normal start-of-shift rounds, put his head at least briefly into the offices of all his department heads, endured a long and theoretically edifying technical lecture from his Chief Engineer, paused for two chicken sandwiches and that second cuppa, and then a third—during which in a corner of the Officers’ Mess he was soundly beaten over the three-D chessboard by Mr. Sh’lok. The Vulcan described John’s defeat as resulting from “a variant of the Polish Sicilian Level-2 Countergambit Collapsed”.  John was sorely tempted to look this up just to determine whether the thing actually existed or if the grandiose name had been coined by his First Officer in order to prank him (for his own idiosyncratic version of Vulcan pranking).
He drew his phaser. The men—there were four of them—were now getting close enough for John to hear what they were yelling. “Go back, get away!” the Denevans were shouting. “We don't want to hurt you! Go back, get out of here! Get away! We don’t want to hurt you—”
Not today, though. And he was unwilling to distract his crew from their duties, which now most urgently involved not losing what they were chasing. For hours John’s thoughts had been going round and round an increasingly narrow track of questions with no sensible answers. Who were these people
“It's one of the possibilities we've discussed.” John turned to Vanderberg. “I want your people to stay on the top level together, at a safe place.”
He made a “so far, so good” expression at Hudders, who put one hand behind her back in a kind of uneasy semi-parade rest and toyed with her knife with the other.
They were almost completely one now, swiftly and hungrily flowing together in that darkness as the twinned heats within them grew and fed each other, ready to flare into conflagration. In that last moment when there was still a tiny fraction of separation between them, John opened his eyes, looked into Sh’lok’s, and spoke as he spoke to his ship, his voice reaching everywhere inside the one who was inside him.
The doctor couldn’t even bring himself to look at Sh’lok at the moment, it seemed. “It's been removed surgically.”
John let his head drop back on the pillow and groaned with the intensity of feeling Sh’lok finish slowly pressing his whole hard length into him, yielding all of himself into John’s body’s grasp, into his power. It was the utter surrender of one who trusted his partner completely, life and breath, body and soul. John felt Sh’lok pausing to savour the moment, the giving, the having-given, with a thrill of utter joy.
But Sh’lok shook his head urgently and put his free hand over John’s, holding it in place. “John, no,” Sh’lok said, very low. “While it’s true that early on we learn when among non-Vulcans to discourage those around us from casual touch, those who might not understand the cultural context—”
John thought, as lips parted and tongues touched and tasted one another, asserting, inviting, teasing, while hands stroked faces and necks and shoulders and chests and held one another close.
Sh’lok casually let Dimmock’s agoniser drop from his hand and turned toward the landing party, who were gazing at him with faces frozen in blank expressions that were fortunately not too indicative of horror.
Finally John stopped himself and leaned a little wearily against a wall not far from the active Transporter room.
John laughed the same way, partly to see if he could. It was a strange effect, as he heard it echoed through Sh’lok’s mind (there picking up an additional frisson of enjoyment at hearing it), but it worked.
“This is the land of my family,” Sh’lok said. “It has been held by us for more than two thousand Earth years. This…” He looked around him with what to John was clearly identifiable as unease. “…is our place of
To hold equilibrium in the midst of such a vortex of emotion and pain was proving more impossible by the hour.
Except for one. And as she set eyes on him, as he turned to take her in, Donovan couldn’t help the flicker of surprise at seeing two things: his buzz cut—quite bizarre when you were used to seeing Anderson with a fair amount of hair that routinely flopped around past his ability to control it—and the scar. It slashed the right side of his face from above the brow to just below his cheekbone, a great ridged unsightly thing.
Everybody ducked low. The creature passed over their heads, wobbling in the air, and in midair turned and came at them again, and yet again. They ducked lower.
The broken nodule John had touched had seemed fairly tough—unlikely to simply disintegrate. “They, I don’t know, they…” His eyebrows went up. “They’re mineral, the shells. Do the hatchlings
“I'm not interested in your excuses, Lieutenant,” John said. “Re-establish contact with that transmitter!”
And now everything started slotting into place, and he knew exactly what to do… because they were truly together in this, more together than he’d ever believed possible.
Even his own Sh’lok was occasionally at a loss when faced with some human reactions, and could be bluffed if John kept his own tells under control. What Lestrade and Hudders and Donovan behind him might be doing, John didn’t know and didn’t dare look to see.
All the readings on the diagnostic panel above the bed peaked right to the top of their ranges, then sank like stones to the bottom of the panel, and the sound of her pulse went silent.
Something in that understanding struck John sharp as a spear, straight to his core. In answer a desperate desire to
The silence that had fallen behind him acquired a sorrowful tone as it lengthened out and no argument came. John relented a little and said more quietly, “Maintain a constant reading on the creature. If we have to, we'll use phasers to cut our own tunnels. We'll try to surround it.”
Sh’lok opened his mouth and closed it, glancing at John, and then down, and then away into the dark again. Finally, “Good,” he said, “I think that would be… good. I mean. That is to say…”
“This extremely frequent invocation of Deity. Not so much in moments of emotional stress, admittedly I’ve seen that from you often enough before, but while in pursuit of, ah, sexual objectives—”
His Captain, ever the daring gambler, had staked on this game nothing less than his reputation and his entire career. Should his gamble on the response of Starfleet’s upper echelons go against him, John would soon enough find himself living a life in which his best destiny—the occupation of the central position at the heart of a starship—would be lost to him forever. All Sh’lok could do in the moments to come (he thought on that last day, as they got into the turbolift that would take them to the Transporter Room) would be to get through the imminent ordeal in such a way that he could afterward turn his full attention to repaying the life-debt incurred.
John’s expression went a bit feral. “Won’t have been pretty, I’m sure. We’ve seen a lot of strange things on this tour, and so we had a plan in place for just this kind of event.”
John just tilted his head, smiled half a smile. “Well, if you don't take advantage of your opportunities…”
Side by side they ambled along around the corridor that followed the outer curve of the primary hull, greeting the various crewpeople they passed, and the conversation slid lightly and casually from family matters to the work just ahead of them. John settled a bit as they went, reflexively grounded by the familiar surroundings and the conversation, by the sound of the friend at his side seemingly so calm and collected… and then the image of the door to his quarters closing on the two of them started the adrenaline running up and down his spine once again.
He opened his inner eye and beheld towering up before him, as expected, a spy-fortalice whose original stood in the Mountains of the Moons on the smallest continent of Deneb VI. This one, of course, was sited in the midst of the great dunefields of Vulcan’s southernmost continent; but that was a matter of personal preference.
He glanced toward Mrs. Hudson for confirmation. She was already nodding. But Lestrade was shaking his head. “John, what are the
“And if he knows that I’m not as deceased as I seemed to be when I was removed from the field of battle…” John said.
John thought. There was something a bit uncoordinated about it. But then he got much more completely distracted by the sight of the clubs the men were waving.
As John’s hands touched Sh’lok’s face his fingers found the pressure points, locating them as perfectly as Sh’lok could have… no surprise, with their union as deep and near-complete as it was. Now John sank in, sank all the way down into the hot throbbing darkness that seemed to be filling Sh’lok right out to his skin, and reached out and gathered it all to and into him as if enfolding it in his arms.
John ignored him for the moment as he came back into the larger manmade tunnel. The voice he heard speaking now was much more Sh’lok’s, dropped down into its proper depths again: but it sounded utterly broken and done. “It is time to sleep,” that voice said, slow and sorrowful; “it is over. Failure…” A long grieving pause. “The murderers have won. Death is welcome. Let it end here…”
so they’re not all over us at once like ants at a picnic when we make planetfall. Go over the list by rank and position and pick the ones you think would be most positively influenced by getting a personal subspace call from a starship Captain.”
A high thin warbling tone immediately seemed to fill the space. Bradstreet lifted his tricorder. “Got it, sir—”
doubled in his hands again as the Vulcan flailed down at him with the weights. John twisted out of their way as they thumped into the sand beside him. As Sh’lok bent down toward him getting ready to strike again, he grabbed Sh’lok by his forearms, and used him to pull himself up. Once on his feet again John braced himself and used his grip on Sh’lok to fling him across the sand and nearly into one of the cut-stone pillars surrounding the space.
its crescent blade leftward, mostly a defensive position—and flipped his in midair to grasp it again so that his blade was now on the opposite side, which for John was defensively weaker. The parts of John’s mind that most desperately wanted to retreat toward a position of
Vanderberg looked at the Vulcan as if he’d taken leave of his senses. “When that creature appears, men die!”
But there was no hurry. There was time. Throats were kissed, nuzzled, stroked with fingers and tongues. Pulses were sucked. Eyes were kissed closed, and kissed again. (John’s breath failed him once or twice while that was going on; to know those sharp bright eyes to be closed willingly under the touch of his lips as he cupped Sh’lok’s face in his hands was a dream he hadn’t known he’d had until it suddenly came true.) And somewhere along the line after that, John did something he’d secretly wanted to do for some time. He reached up to touch and stroke that smooth shining hair. It was like silk or glass under his fingers… for the first few moments.
Sh’lok turned immediately to regard John. “Planet's rotation is carrying primary target beyond arc of phaser lock,” he said.
John looked down in astonishment and horror. “Well, come on!” Lestrade said, urgent, “help me get him on the table! He's got a subdural hematoma forming; he'll die without immediate treatment!”
And Sh’lok heard the fierceness and the certainty, and he pressed himself down against John, enfolded him in his arms, and clasped John tightly to him as he buried his face against his neck.
“Dead,” John whispered. “Yes.” He took her hand and gripped it, and wasn’t entirely sure which of them he was trying to comfort. It was surprising how hard it was to say the word, how difficult to believe. Harry had simply always
The hair went up on the back of John’s neck. It was rarely a good sign when Hudders “John”ed him in the middle of something critical. “Explain.”
his last rational one. As the burning built Sh’lok succumbed gladly to a ferocious longing to meet in battle whomever T’Eyreen chose to champion her in his despite, and slice them to bloody rags. But then—then he had no idea what was happening,
“In search of his brain, Doctor. From what you say, the moment we find it we’ve got to restore it to his body, or we lose him.”
“Understood,” Sh’lok said, again in the peculiar monotone, as if sharing control of his throat with something that didn’t fully understand how to turn breath into words.
“Yes,” was all John could say for the moment. Lost, yes, he was now starting to understand the idiom about getting lost in someone’s eyes, and it came to John, not at all logically, that once he managed to really lose himself in
The Vulcan had already doubled the strap between his hands and was swinging it experimentally. The next moment he was swinging one of the weighted ends whining around his head, and then whipping it around toward John. Before he had time to react the
as if he was actually going somewhere specific, while in reality he was half-blind to everything except what was going on in his head.
“Sound medical advice,” John said, feeling the first hot rush of the drug as the next breath came easier.
Sh’lok shook his head. “So once installed as Controller in that last installation, the Ardiri whose brain had been taken immediately set about stamping out even moderate levels of intelligence in his charges. By use of chemical and other means, he—let us say ‘he’, though he was apparently glad to have left all that dreadful crude physicality behind him—he reduced both Morgs and Eymorgs to the lowest level of cognitive function consonant with their continued reproduction. To prevent them reproducing uncontrollably, he then separated the sexes and forced almost all the Morgs out onto the surface, allowing them only so much technology as would serve to keep them alive.”
Sh’lok gathered up his tricorder, which had been lying on the desk, and the broken shells. “Here,” John said, and took a couple of them away from him as they moved a little way away from Lestrade in preparation for transport.
John thought. And the hair went up on the back of his neck at the unmistakeable feeling of being watched.
The doors opened on the Bridge, which contained only its scaled-back evening crew at the moment. Sh’lok nodded and headed to his post, and behind him John sauntered in with the air of a man who was doing a last few chores before bedtime and went over to the short dark duty comms officer, Mr. Garrideb, and outlined the message he wanted sent to Starfleet, and what he needed from the Janus VI end. “Pass those authorizations along to Mr. Sh’lok when they come in, will you? And let me know if you have any problems.”
The two of them moved through numerous configurations to see what was most comfortable, and wound up at last with John propped up against the headboard-shelf and Sh’lok lying in his arms, head pillowed against John’s reconstructed shoulder and occasionally stroking his face against it. This left John free to stroke those dark soft curls whenever he liked (and wonder idly whether he was developing a kink) or tilt that beautiful face up to his to steal—all right, request—the occasional kiss (that mouth, he could
But he also knew that there were captains whose relationships with their vessels were terrible and accident-ridden, just as there were ships that (rumor whispered it) hated their commanders, killed their crews. The very thought of that kind of thing horrified John. He knew his relationship with
for each other. That relationship was something he didn’t dare imperil, because it kept his crew (and incidentally him) alive and well. So he was careful to keep the lines of communication open.
The answer was a single nod, all Sh’lok seemed capable of at the moment. T’Eyreen was apparently finished with the covert glances now, and she turned her gaze to the young red-haired woman and let her desires show in her eyes. The redhead met her gaze and matched it, and when her glance flicked back toward Sh’lok again, there was nothing in it but murder.
The others were nodding. “It happened twice,” John said. “First we were in our own Transporter chamber. Then we faded… and then when we finally materialised, we were here.” He looked around him. “Wherever this is.”
A sudden heavy throbbing sound behind them, pulsing like a heartbeat,  knocked that thought right off its rails. This time the adrenaline was no mere shiver but the real thing, a flare of urgent heat that pulsed from the small of John’s back outwards as he turned. Sh’lok was a fraction of a second ahead of him in spinning toward the sound, phaser up—
from Vulcan Space Central; permission granted. And from all of Vulcan, welcome. Is Commander Sh’lok with you?”
“Hope you’re right,” Vanderberg said. “But I think we’ll do pretty well. And you know, it’s funny? The Horta aren't so bad once you get used to how they look.”
“I’m a surgeon already,” Lestrade said. “If I could learn these techniques, I might be able to retain them!”
“Regrettable that this society has chosen suicide,” Sh’lok said, casually and without any overt acknowledgement of regret except as an abstract. When no further comment seemed forthcoming from John, Sh’lok glanced sideways to Dimmock. “Mr. Dimmock, you were instructed to compensate during the ion storm.”
The store, meanwhile, had (not at all to John’s surprise) been getting on with its normal casual routine of minding itself. That said, John would have to have been unusually deaf or distracted to miss the soft susurrus of interested gossip underrunning the normal murmur of business.
He found the landing party waiting for him outside of Harry’s lab building. John trotted down the stairs to join them. “Report,” he said.
“Well,” John said after a moment. “I’m sure no one would pay you any particular attention if you went down there to record the blessed event. Everybody knows how crazy we starship types are for piling up all kinds of scientific knowledge. And as far as Vanderberg’s concerned, I’m sure he’ll let us have the run of the place day or night, he’s so pleased with us right now.”
Many thanks to the patient and gracious readers who have been putting up with the writer's catastrophic loss of broadband, now in its second day. Uploading these sections using the phone has been ...
One aspect of it seemed enough like a curse to John. “If his brain is missing,” he said, finding it suddenly hard to breathe, “then Sh’lok is dying.”
John said. It was as much sudden realisation as assertion—but here in the depths of the meld, where untruth was impossible, it simply seemed obvious.
plainly not the first to bring you that. Because if you continue on your present course of action, you'll kill Sh’lok.”
Within moments Sh’lok found he could see the other who faced him only through a veil of fury that stripped his opponent of all previous associations. He saw nothing there any more of a superior officer, a colleague, a comrade, a friend, but only a stranger, an enemy, someone smaller and weaker; a rival, an interloper, a conquest-to-be. Easy prey. It would just be a matter of wearing him down.
John rubbed his face and looked sidelong at Sh’lok. “Seriously, Sh’lok. That one politician on Altair.
“Sh’lok,” the woman said in a voice that at least to Terran ears sounded surprisingly sultry, “it is I.”
Once more John let the hand holding his phaser drop a little toward his side, more slowly. After a second, once again the creature rumbled half a meter or so toward him. Quickly John raised the weapon again, and immediately the creature shuffled itself back to where it had been. There it stood—or lay, or crouched, who knew—plainly watching him, however it was doing that.
John swallowed, and all the adrenaline he owned, it seemed, emptied itself immediately into his veins. He kept his expression as calm as he could, but it was difficult when deep inside his mind was shouting,
Mary’s slightly quizzical frown of reaction was what he needed. “You’ll at least want to monitor him, won’t you…?”
felt raw and bleeding and empty, as if some most vital part of him had been ripped out by the roots.
But then all around them a number of panel installations began to come alive with light, and the room started filling with a low machine hum that grew louder by the moment. As the sound scaled up, Kara quickly ceased her struggles, and her face relaxed, went quiet. John let go of her, stepped back a little way, waited.
“And Bradstreet,” John said, “ask Mrs. Hudson to pull as many female Engineering staff as she can spare and get them down here to sort out these people’s life support and so forth until we can get something more permanent installed.”
John’s eyes widened a little at that. At the same time, Bradstreet came up behind him, saying, “Captain, I've got something, but I can't quite get a fix on it…”
He had neither desire nor inclination to spend any time in the attempt. Sh’lok lifted his hand, parted, in salute. “Live long, S’kroft,” he said, “and prosper.”
The junior crewman, smiling the same slight smile as the rest of the Bridge crew who’d just had a little more entertainment in mid-shift than they’d expected, took the stylus and went to her post. Donovan paused, prepared to put her dagger away, caught Anderson’s eye again mockingly, and sheathed the dagger like someone who’d had in mind sheathing it somewhere else entirely. Then she headed for the lift.
And now all he could do was lean there against the door—glad of the support, because he was positively vibrating with terror and desire—and wait.
“No. We both know that would’ve ended badly.” She flashed a smile at him that gave John a most comprehensive chill. “But then it didn’t work too well for the last three Captains, did it? That whole useless lot before Stamford. Imperial Intelligence wanted this ship in safer hands. What better way to keep an eye on them than from up very close?” And her smile went amused, reflective. “If they didn’t shape up, best to have someone close by…
one. His neurotransmitters are all over the place, his reflexes are in tatters… even his muscle mass is down five percent just from his last routine scan a month or so back. Only that iron constitution of his, and his God damned
For one thing, his mind palace needed serious attention, having been through much annoying construction work that now needed to be undone. His version of Mount Seleya was, unquestionably, an extremely well-detailed one, but it was taking up too much valuable space. He spent some moments agreeing with Mrs. Hudson regarding the necessity for good order and correct protocols to be observed in proposals that would affect
One thing John saw instantly: Sh’lok’s uncontrollable twitching had stopped. He took a breath as the Vulcan opened his eyes and stood up, stepping closer to the door and pausing between John and Lestrade. Sh’lok exhaled and his shoulders drooped a little for a moment: the relieved gesture of someone who no longer had to resist the onslaught of a pain that had been tormenting him every second. But his face was strangely still, and he wasn’t looking at either of them.
had begun to reveal themselves. It had been so gradual a thing—irritability that he normally could have controlled with a second’s thought flaring up repeatedly and interfering with his concentration: appetite failing even when it would have been logical to hunger and to eat: and the dreams. The dreams that did not feature T’Eyreen, but rather… someone to whom he was far more positively disposed. And a re-awakening, secondary to the dreams, of physiological responses that Sh’lok for many years had routinely walled away from his day-to-day life as too tiresome to deal with.
without completely losing control. And this needed to be true, for in their present position, much was at stake… not for him, but for another.
, or a bunch of somethings, will go wrong with him that I won’t be able to fix fast enough to keep him from dying on the table.”
“Captain,” he said, in a strangled-sounding voice that for the moment had nothing even slightly cool or infuriating left about it.
The place was quiet when John got there. Lestrade’s small intense colleague Dr. Hooper was moving from diagnostic bed to diagnostic bed, noting down readings on a padd and looking with some concern from one patient to the other. John nodded at her as he came in, and then Lestrade drew him off to one side to tell him what had been going on.
The Transporter Room door whooshed open. “Ah, Doctor,” Sh’lok said, “a pleasure to see that once more you’ve managed to overcome your irrational dislike of the Transporter enough to join us. In the long term there may be hope for you yet.”
Lestrade’s face had gone still almost as soon as he’d turned his tricorder on the men: now he was frowning “There's something wrong, John. Their nervous systems…”  He shook his head. “Unconscious like this, there should be just routine autonomic activity. But I'm getting a very high reading, as though even in their unconscious state, they're being violently stimulated.”
go up. John got the bizarre feeling that Sh’lok was, for some odd reason of his own, restraining himself from reactions he might more routinely consider normal.
He did know, but that was not the issue at the forefront of his mind for the moment. “If I am successful,” Sh’lok said, “you see yourself a step nearer to the captaincy. I do not want to command the
Sh’lok was at that moment preoccupied with restraining his initial impulse, which was to wait for the perfect moment to employ tal’shiya to kill the being who had the temerity to occupy a body so like John’s with a mind that (even after only seconds’ analysis) was so utterly unlike his. He simply reached out to the console and snapped down a toggle that would start the room’s extension of the library computer recording. “Mr. Anderson,” he said. “I ask you to witness my judgment that the Captain has returned to the
Lestrade scowled. “If killing five people saves ten, it's a bargain. Is that your simple logic, Mr. Sh’lok?”
John recognised quite clearly the signs of someone going to “slip into something more comfortable,” and knew that at best he had only a few minutes to work with. He slipped out his communicator.
—and it was the sound of the anger and fear in the Doctor’s voice that got John his focus back. He waited just the half-second necessary so Sh’lok couldn’t avoid committing to the stroke, and then rolled to one side as that blade came down, burying itself in the sand next to his head. In that moment when Sh’lok was off balance John picked his feet up and rammed them up into Sh’lok’s chest, kicking him a clear two meters away and down onto his back.
“I really, really want to investigate the contents of these further,” John said. “But right now…” He stroked his face against Sh’lok’s. “I’m willing to wait. Because your mouth…” He shook his head a little, let out one breath’s worth of desperately yearning laugh. “Oh, God, your mouth. Here, boost up a little, we’ll get rid of these…”
“Captain,” Sh’lok said, glancing up from his viewer after a few moments spent peering down it, “you would appear to be courting a potentially dangerous state of
To his own astonishment John found himself trembling. But though the two of them were hardly moving, this was powerful stuff. Now that he was held in these arms, John was realising that he had never in his life felt so centred, so
As John was swinging around to demand of the henchman what he’d been doing and why, the turbolift door opened. John swung straight back in its direction, intending to confront head-on whatever might come through it instead of being embarrassingly blindsided—
He looked a bit bemused. “And for another thing, he's avoiding food. I checked, and he hasn't eaten at all in three days.”
Thousands of silicon nodules; tens of thousands of them, piled almost up to the cavern’s ceiling. Hundreds
John stood there thinking for a moment that a man who’d turn his coat once would most likely turn it twice.
Lestrade looked inordinately pleased with his own cleverness. “I had the ship beam down a hundred pounds of that thermoconcrete. Know the kind we use to build emergency shelters out of? It's mostly silicon. So I just trowelled it into the wound, and it'll act like a bandage until it heals.” He rubbed his gloppy hands together and reached for a towel, still grinning. “Take a look. It's as good as new.”
The blonde woman gave him a slightly narrow-eyed look. “But you’re still in trouble with Starfleet Command,” she said. “And what you've got in mind this time is beyond me. You're scheming, of course.”
A good while later, John was in bed and lingering near the brink of sleep while considerations and reconsiderations of the day’s events continued to chase themselves around in circles. The din was finally beginning to quiet down when an errant thought wandered across John’s mind.
need not resolve itself after a single encounter. Ancient Vulcan reproductive imperatives configured the physiological response so as to allow for multiple attempts in a short period, thereby maximising the odds of fertilisation of the receptive partner—”
“Um.” A touch of embarrassment, well seasoned with amusement. “A man can’t be everywhere at once, Sh’lok…”
Behind him, Farrell nodded at the limp Bradstreet, whom he and his junior henchman were propping up between them. “The booth for this one, sir?”
And here the space itself provided him with the symbology John needed. He shut his eyes for a moment, reached out with both hands, and imagined himself slamming a pair of tall doors shut. It took no longer than that to seal them both together into this mindspace, making escape from it impossible without John’s cooperation.
The ersatz Watson pushed himself as near as he dared to the confinement field. “You traitorous pig. I'll hang you up by your Vulcan ears. I'll have you all executed!”
He broke away from that penetrating gaze of Sh’lok’s and got up out of the horribly comfortable centre seat with considerable relief, even though he didn’t have much else to be relieved about. “I’ll be in my quarters,” John said. “Lieutenant Donovan—”
know, though. When you’ve had a day like we’ve just had, where you’re pushed into places you didn’t know you could go, you really need a little time to settle.”
John nodded him over. Slowly Lestrade joined him, staring at the Vulcan and the Horta. “What’s Sh’lok doing?”
He didn’t have to turn to know the sorrow with which Lestrade was looking at him. “I'm sorry, John.” He paused, then said, “The girl’s unconscious, but she’s still alive.”
The next morning John made sure to be on the Bridge early, as he wanted to see how Sh'lok looked when he came on shift. The Vulcan looked a bit wooden, but that wasn’t at all unusual early in the day when he’d been meditating the whole evening before. It seemed sometimes to John that it took Sh'lok a while to settle back into dealing with humans after having spent a good number of hours breathing in the cool clear air of Vulcan rationality.
Lestrade shook his head. “It was… upsetting, that’s all. Dr. Hooper assisted me on the surgery on Sh’lok…”
It wasn’t as if he didn’t understand the concept. Shortly now he was going to have to order his own people into harm’s way. Not that John wasn’t willing enough to be in such a situation by his own choice, or on his superiors’ orders. But when it was
It was the helplessness that was the worst of it… that sense of being caught inextricably between equally horrifying and unacceptable choices. John sat there behind his desk and stewed, doing the only thing he could do for the time being: waiting for one of the geniuses who worked for him to pull some kind of rabbit,
—and moved around the helm to pause and look at the viewscreen. After a few seconds he realised that he was doing so without actually seeing what he was looking at—not at all for the first time, of late. Finally he headed back up to Donovan’s station one more time. “Anything, Lieutenant?”
Slowly and cautiously Sh’lok walked over to join him, watching the creature all the while. Finally he crouched down beside John. “Fascinating,” Sh’lok said, allowing himself a glance at John once he seemed to have satisfied himself that for the moment the creature was sufficiently still. “It's made no moves against you?”
A commisserating mutter ran through the place. “Lieutenant Donovan,” John said, “have we heard anything from the Altair end of things as yet? Requests to reschedule VIP tours and so forth?”
Sh’lok was still less than perfectly in control of this shared mindspace, so John hurriedly made and locked in the alteration in their joint timesense that would cause realtime minutes to seem like hours.
John couldn’t possibly have left Lestrade to carry the can all by himself on this one. “She really liked those ears?”
“Is still AWOL, Sh’lok,” John said, eyeing him between two levels of the board. Sh’lok was just starting to look vaguely scandalised when John took pity on him and said, “Or no, I do you a disservice. As if
Again John had to smile, just a little, remembering other Vulcans’ descriptions of Sh’lok as “regulations-averse”. “Yes, Mr. Sh'lok?” he said.
Lestrade looked disgruntled. John just smiled half a smile. “You've been so concerned about his Vulcan eyes, Doctor,” he said, “you forgot about his Vulcan ears.” He turned away, catching a glimpse of Sh’lok’s own half smile and declining to formally acknowledge it. But it was there.
“No mistake, sir,” Dimmock said. He probably hadn’t even noticed the pause… or at least John hoped he hadn’t.
And then came the sound he’d been dreading since he woke up on the diagnostic bed and realised where he was and what had happened. The in-room communicator whistled.
Dispassionately, mercilessly, Sh’lok pressed the thing to Dimmock’s uniform between his shoulder and his heart.
“It occurs to me,” he said to the Bridge at large, “that I’m a couple of meals short on the day. Unless someone needs me, I’ll be off doing something about that.”
through assassination of Commodore Michael Stamford. First action, suppression of Gorlan uprising through destruction of rebel home planet. Second action, execution of five thousand colonists on Vega Nine—”
he thought. It had never occurred to him when he came here that shortly he was going to need one of those himself…
“Ah yes, the girl,” Sh’lok said. “Most interesting. It must have been the combat. When I thought I had killed the Captain, I found I had lost all interest in T’Eyreen. The madness was gone.”
John shook his head helplessly at himself, and at the perversity of fate, and the thought of who properly belonged in that bedroom these days. “I’ve got to go…”
Sh’lok turned toward John, hands behind his back, casual: waiting. John too assumed the position. “Regaining eyesight,” John said, “would be an emotional experience for most. You, I presume, felt nothing?“
“You must take us—” John said. But he had time for nothing more, because that was when Kara hit the green button on her armband—
John smiled just enough of the kind of smile that at home would instantly have been recognised as a sign that whoever was talking to him would be wise not to push their luck. “You’re in line,” he said, quite dry—because it was looking as if around here, everybody seemed to consider themselves in line. “Who knows, you might make Captain.”
John didn’t know what to make of the voice. It was a strange flat monotone, uninflected, completely unlike Sh’lok’s vibrant baritone… and John thought he’d never heard anything so beautiful in all his life.
“Um. Yes.” Sh’lok cleared his throat, then squirmed a little closer. “There are certain Vulcan mind disciplines which can alter the personal perception of the passage of time.” John tilted his head a little to watch him, and kept stroking that ear. “Used correctly and according to best practice… by virtue of these disciplines hours can seem like days… and minutes… like hours...”
“My midsection feels somewhat abused.” Sh’lok disliked making such admissions, but putting a situation like this right was after all what Lestrade was for.
It was courage; and if there was anything Sh’lok knew that it was useless to deny about himself, it was that he had a soft spot for courage. On impulse Sh’lok put a hand out and touched the drop away. “Your face is wet,” he said quietly, as if he had no idea what a tear was.
When a Vulcan said something so nakedly declaratory, there was no option to take it as anything but a fact. Together they started to make their way down the tunnel in which they stood.
John looked around him, wishing that Clara could have found some way to describe the invading beings beside “things”. “Have you seen any kind of creature? Any alien lifeforms?”
John felt guilty for having encouraged her even this far. He let go of her hands, got up and headed for the door. Behind him, Mary let out a little breath of bitter laughter. Half-turning, he saw her wrap the folds of the negligee around her and almost huddle into them for a second—then fling them aside again, as if contemptuous of her own pain, or its revelation. Her expression was all too readable:
filling him, the one who felt John sliding and sheathing tight and hot and strong around him, powerful, irresistible. When John cried out in pleasure and clenched on him as Sh’lok slid deeper, and then deeper still, John could also feel what Sh’lok was feeling—the conquering heat surrounding him, encompassing him, making him John’s to do with as John pleased. Sh’lok was gasping with the ultimate delight of being incorporated, enclosed,
John took a turbolift down to the secondary hull and strolled aft, not hurrying. On his way through he  purposely skirted the Engineering area. Bearing in mind what Sh’lok had been working on earlier, he might well be having a tete-a-tete with Mrs. Hudson, and John never liked to take the chance of disturbing them.
John looked at Lestrade with his own version of the expression of mild surprise: then turned to his First Officer. “Come on, Sh’lok,” he said. “Let's go mind the store.”
He said it as if it was an insult, and meant to be so. Sh’lok glared at him from under his brows. When he spoke again, some of its wonted power and some of its proper baritone rumble was back in Sh’lok’s voice, and John’s neck hairs stood up at the sound of it. “I
Lestrade and Dr. Hooper were doing something or other at one of the medical computer analysis stations as Sh’lok walked in. As they looked up and saw who was entering, they left the work and came toward him as Sh’lok took up stance in the doorway to Sickbay’s diagnostic area.
The bizarre struggle that broke out then was something that might have come out of one of John’s more outré nightmares—an adversary with a Starfleet officer’s combat training and a Vulcan’s great strength, apparently unhinged and totally unconcerned about what might happen to anyone who tried to stop him as he fought his way toward the helm controls. No one on the Bridge was armed, and John and half the other officers on the Bridge therefore spent the next few minutes trying to restrain, ideally without hurting him, a pain-crazed post-surgery Vulcan who had no compunctions whatsoever about hurting
That in its way told John more about this world than much else he’d seen so far. He sat down in the damn chair regardless, intent on keeping his face from showing anything of what was going on in his mind.
He turned his back and made his way out onto the sand by the central dais, sparing not one of the rest of the bridal party so much as a look: then turned and snapped the communicator open again. “Energise,” he said.
“Wait,” Lestrade said, pointing at the table. “Not everything’s different. That spot— I spilled acid there a year ago.” He shook his head. “John, what in blazes is this?”
Unfortunately this seemed to be one of those times when getting practical with Sh’lok encouraged him to do the same. “Why are you endangering your lives by coming here?” Sh’lok said.
pointing at. But there was no one else. Lestrade, for his part, blinked a couple of times, looking as completely flummoxed as John.
as he did. Once more he feinted at John with the blade, and John hopped back from it but not far enough— and he couldn’t get his stance stable again before Sh’lok reversed the
They tunnel. You collect and process, and your facility’s operations would be a thousand times more profitable!”
John walked over to where Sh’lok’s body sat: somehow it made it easier to talk to him… he had no idea why. “No. We might be able to locate you, if you gave us some idea of what they were using you for. Is it medical?”
A second after feeling it, John made a brief exasperated face at himself. He knew perfectly well that it wasn’t a good idea for a starship’s commanding officer to get too fond of the excitement that often enough broke out in the course of duty. With his advise-the-Captain hat on, Bones had more than once had occasion to warn him about the tendency.
The corridor just reinforced the sense of being trapped in a very bad dream. As they came out the door and it closed behind them, a crewman in Security red paused and threw that same salute at John and the rest of them. John stopped still, once more in shock at it, the thoughts of imperial Rome and would-be-again-imperial-Germany jostling painfully together in his head. By the time he thought I should really return that salute now—regardless of how distasteful he thought it—the Security man had already dropped it and moved on down the corridor.
my division at this point, thank God.” He went into the adjoining lab room and came back a few moments later with a small thin ossostim pad. “Boost up,” Lestrade said, and when Sh’lok obeyed, slipped the pad under his back. “Down again. Thank you. Stay still now, don’t speak, breathe shallowly. Five minutes.”
He wasn’t sure he wanted to imagine too clearly what that expectation was like for her. Right now all he wanted was to be as kind to her as he could under the circumstances. “I’ve never seen perfection,” John said, “but no woman could come closer to it.”
Eventually he reached his destination: the door at one long corridor’s end. It was one of very few interior accesses on
!” And it was a shout again, not just angry but urgent enough that John was stopped short by it. He turned to see Sh’lok shoot up out of his chair again, his eyes once more flashing with anger. “I must—”
Those shadows sparkled faintly with the piled treasure of the mind palace’s deep-delved halls as John moved quickly through the space.
“That is correct,” Sh’lok said. “I am a loss to understand it.” And he frowned a bit. Sh’lok was not fond of being at a loss about anything, and John knew and recognized the look of a man who was not going to stop until he found answers.
He shook his head, and a shiver went down his back as John headed into the Bridge for maybe the third time that hour.
Sh’lok narrowly avoided heaving a sigh and turned toward the Transporter console. “Mr. Sh’lok!” Mrs. Hudson said, catching him by the arm. He pushed her away as carefully as he could under the circumstances, and as the Transporter tech came for him, took him by the shoulder and found the vital nerve junction, pinched—
Lieutenant Commander Sh’lok had seen a fair number of dreadful things in his time in Starfleet—intergalactic pestilence and interstellar war, whole cultures destroyed by cataclysm or slow subversion away from the shining traits that had made them most worthy of survival: torture and rapine, brutal conquest, and every conceivable kind of violence, most particularly murder. Yet until this otherwise undistinguished moment when he stood behind a Transporter console and watched a landing party beam up, it seemed to him that he had never really understood what horror was. Because now he watched the party materialise on the pads, initially relieved to see his Captain there safe and well—
The hangar bay doors sealed behind them and John busied himself with keying in the locking codes. As conversationally as he could he said, “Hope Lestrade didn’t keep you all that time…”
carried… and in this situation, even that was being harshly tried. The sheer ferocity of it had to be scorching the pilot straight through to the bones—
Their eyes met across the chess board, between levels two and three. Sh’lok’s gaze was absolutely guileless… but after a moment the corner of his mouth twitched. “I can of course—I think your phrase would be ‘talk you through it’ —if that’s your preference,” Sh’lok said, “but the subject can be quite dry and you may find the illustrated tutorial in the ship’s data banks of more use.”
under Captains and Commodores who to a man or woman or person were tough and smart and sometimes even kind but always (in John’s experience) also fair, and always ready to do whatever needed doing to keep their crews alive. Training missions and then real ones, journeys through endless situations of terror but also unexpected wonder, where there were tragedies and accidents but also glorious successes—
Bradstreet shook his head. “No structures, Captain. No mechanized objects that I can read. No surface consumption or generation of energy. Atmosphere is perfectly all right of course—“ He glanced up at a cloudless, blue, and quite cold sky. “Temperature high maximum of five degrees C or so.” He shrugged. “Livable.”
He could have fallen to his knees and let that cry of anguish out, even here. But all Sh’lok could think of was how, should he ever have done such a thing, the man whom he had just killed would infallibly have knelt down by him and touched him and given him a moment to calm himself before asking what was the matter…
“Be silent, T’Kait,” said S’kroft in a tone that John had heard more than once from high-end superior officers—the sound of someone not at all used to being interrupted or disagreed with.
John cocked his head at his Chief Medical Officer, not quite sure as yet what to make of this. “Strong enough to eat machinery?”
) “In any case, Captain, the various Ancient settlements were populated by humanoids supplied, as I said, by the Providers— they being in need of relocation because of planetary disasters or similar causes. The Ancients apparently felt a sort of duty of care toward them, and did not interfere with their dependents’ cultural development in the various settlements they built here.”
He staggered into the bath suite—called so only by courtesy, since even a starship captain got nothing better than a dual water/sonic shower in his quarters—and first relieved himself, then wet a warm flannel to get the worst of his and Sh’lok’s emissions off himself while running cold water to fill a carafe. His hasty ablutions finished, the flannel rinsed and wetted again, John brought it in along with the carafe and its filled glass, handing the latter to Sh’lok, who had braced himself up on one elbow.
had visited, in all their colors, were buried in it… pressed into the stone’s heart like keepsakes, as if they were as fragile as flower petals. It was the essence of experience and memory wound together and made tangible, this object: instantly recognisable as the key to a treasure, or a treasury—the key to a heart. “Sh’lok,
Secure in that knowledge, John Watson pulled Sh’lok closer, let his eyes fall shut, and slid gladly into dream.
Looking at it, John nodded: he could see the edges still sizzling faintly. With care he stepped through.
Lestrade got up hurriedly from the two people he’d been seeing to on the floor and pulled a hypospray out of his kit, held it against Clara’s shoulder. Within a second or so the scream faded to a whisper, and Clara sagged in John’s arms. John swung her around into a nearby armchair and leaned down to look into her tear-stained face. It was still clenched tight as a fist with pain. “Clara,” John said softly, “it’s okay, you’re safe now—”
John said, looking deeply into those gorgeous eyes, so dark in the dim-lit room when they opened again and locked on his.
The tunnels’ walls were fairly rough-hewn, but the floors had in most places been machined quite smooth, probably to ease the passage of other equipment—though there were places where stones still protruded: hard chunks of minerals apparently too hard for the machinery to deal with. Here and there occasional pieces of equipment lay propped against the walls or left on the floor… possibly in the miners’ haste to get out of the tunnels once they’d been told they didn’t have to stay any longer, that help was on its way.
John was in the act of rolling his eyes (because by now he knew the sound of his rather unVulcan Vulcan getting ready to stonewall him again)  when his gaze caught something it might not have otherwise—something moving, something in the shadows of the cavern; and then something else tall and massive that was pitching toward him. Instantly John flung himself backwards out of its way, rolling aside as he did to avoid a few of the silicon nodules that he might have fallen on otherwise.
Behind him Sh’lok moved quietly over to his desk, sat down again. “No,” he said after a moment. “It is not. We shield it… with ritual and custom shrouded in antiquity.” He shook his head, breathed out in frustration as if at a loss how to explain. “You humans have no conception. It strips one’s life away… one’s Work, one’s
But Lestrade was standing there with a thoughtful look on his face. “John,” he said, “it certainly worked for her. It might work for me too.”
He picked up a datacart from beside the machine and shoved it into the data transfer slot. “Record procedure.” The machine began its whirring and chirring again, then finished. John pulled out the data cart and handed it to Mrs. Hudson. “Hudders, can you do it?”
Unfortunately there was nothing wrong with her reflexes. A second later her hand was on her wristband…
“Oh go on with you,” she said, and gave John a little push toward the door. “I’ve got enough on my plate right now, I’m going to go have to go see Lestrade about my hip again when this is all over…” It was one of the immemorial problems with deriving body replacement parts from autocloning: the custom-grown parts had a tendency to produce the same problems as the originals unless you tinkered with the base DNA, and that could get tricky. “But just this once I don’t mind. Now get
A party of six red-shirted security staff was lined up in the office, waiting for John. Sh’lok and Vanderberg stood to one side as John game them their orders.
To hear him say such a thing was shocking. But as upsetting in its way was that tone, that tension again, suggestive of someone trapped between a pair of equally unavoidable and equally dangerous alternatives: someone with no safe way to turn, no help to be found.
The flicker of matching motion from one side brought John’s head around. There, flanking the door out into the corridor, were two armed security men—
The warmth in Mary’s eyes seemed genuine enough. “I still remember wondering what the hell it was about you that made me leave
it with you and edged stuff, anyway? Always damaging something. I bet you used to run with scissors.”
John prowled back and forth, staring at his furnishings, the equipment on his desk and side tables, the standalone computer console. “All right,” he said. “All right. We've tried heat, radiation... What other qualities or properties does the sun have?”
Both Sh’lok and Lestrade looked at John without saying anything. “I'm putting you gentlemen on the hot seat with me,” John said. “I
. But John noticed that said examination kept losing itself in long bouts of Sh’lok gently and reflectively stroking John’s cock or cupping and petting his balls, which tended to impair John’s ability to carry on a conversation or indeed concentrate on anything else whatsoever.
John swung around in the center seat enough to see that it was Lestrade who’d come out of the lift. He was still wearing his surgical scrubs, and carrying a sealed glass jar. John studied Lestrade’s face and was instantly relieved that he saw nothing there of what he’d most feared—the somber expression that would be the twin of the one he’d worn on looking up from Harry’s body.
But then, as they waited for a lift up to the primary hull, Sh’lok put everything right. “Normally, Captain,” he said, “this is the kind of tedious business we would discuss whilst engaging in other activities. Doubtless a human would see it as a form of tension relief.”
He put that thought aside for completion later; it wasn’t strictly helpful now. “And the third class M planet—”
“Very well,” John said after a moment, and glanced at Dimmock again. “Reduce to subwarp speed,” he said. “Take us to Deneva.”
John went in. Sh’lok was sitting behind his desk, apparently having been viewing something on his monitor or making notes on the nearby padd. As John entered he began to stand.
It was just as well that the landing party were not armed, because plainly they expected to be. Sh’lok saw hands go to hips, clutching for—what? Not phasers. Some manner of ceremonial sidearm? Knives? And after a moment or so when the man who looked like John Watson rushed him, screaming, actually screaming in rage “God damn it to hell, what’s the matter with you, do you think I won’t have you in the booth in a second for disobeying me, you disloyal fucking green-blooded animal!”… Sh’lok found no problem at all with reaching out and taking this man by the shoulder and gripping the suprascapular nerve in the way his people knew, and watching the spittle-flecked, rage-twisted face shoved practically into his own go slack and empty as its owner slumped to the floor.
with what we’d consider normal cognitive function. The time-binding facilities associated with memory are being particularly badly affected. It’s as if somebody’s decided what they want these people thinking about and remembering…”
Sh’lok bent his head down toward John’s, and their gazes rested together for a moment. “John,” Sh’lok said, his voice dropping very soft, very deep, as he smiled a somewhat-Watsonian half-smile, “…nothing is that good
had set out she’d become rather smitten with Mr. Sh’lok. Bones had previously mentioned to him idly that this kind of thing wasn’t exactly a surprise, since there were apparently numerous crewpeople who found the Vulcan physically very attractive. Others found his intelligence a draw, and still others were attracted by that basic air of reserve, easily mistaken for mystery, that Vulcans seemed to carry about with them.
the heat, he knew, but still he knew what that pilot would be feeling in a little ship like that with hardly any shielding compared to what
Sh’lok turned and slowly moved toward the creature. Immediately it shivered and backed away a short distance.
Appel sneered at him. “You're all pretty tough, aren't you? Your big starship, your phaser banks… But you can't get your starship down in the tunnels.”
Immediately John turned and went, wondering as he did just who was urging him to greater speed—the Horta, or the man who might not be sure he could bear much more of the ordeal he was suffering?
John thought as the world went pounding-red in front of his eyes and his vision tunneled, mercifully shutting that last sight away from him.
And there it was again, that sense of the missed step. Again and again John kept trying to find stability in this situation, and again and again he discovered, on putting his foot down toward the next step, that someone had moved it. “You’ll never find another man like him,” Mary said.
John was only faintly aware of Lestrade and Broadstreet collapsing to the floor behind him, as he was busy trying not to scream in utter anguish. The world had gone white around him with a pain as extraordinary and all-consuming as if he’d been dumped naked into a star. Through it, ever so distantly, John thought he heard someone saying “…must learn what to do. You will keep them here…”
Mary got up from where she’d perched herself on the desk and went over to a wall that in John’s office space had a hanging textile copy of a panel of the Bayeux Tapestry, the one in which people pointed in wonder at a comet passing over and the tapestry was captioned ISTI MIRANT STELLA, “They marvel at the star.” Here, though, there was just an polygonal, textured composite panel mounted to the wall.
John and Lestrade exchanged an astonished glance as the shocked Dr. Hooper pressed herself up against the wall beside Sh’lok’s door, theoretically out of the way of further flying housewares. “Poking and prying!” came another shout. “If I want anything from you,
John thought. All he could do for the moment was look up into Mary’s eyes, smiling, and say quietly, “I don't intend to kill him.”
His tunnel was one that had been cut by the miners through the softly glittering cobalt-shaded stone that characterized this part of the facility. Fairly quickly the miners’ work terminated in what would have been a dead end, but the tunnel continued onward along the same line in the form of one of the uncannily-perfect cylindrical tunnels that were also all through here. It was low, no more than a meter and a half high, and John had to get down and make his way along half-bent over.
in the shower (it began with shampoo but it didn’t end there), after they were clean and dry, after the bed was somewhat restructured, after they were lying in it together again… was a leisurely business, unhurried, and intimate in a way John had never imagined possible.
Anderson, though (she thought as behind her she heard him getting up), that malicious look had abandoned any blandness it might ever have owned.
“Oh jeez.” He pinched the bridge of his nose. “It’s not religious, seriously, it’s just a… a thing, something a lot of humans from my part of the world do when something’s just so intense, or amazing, or… fantastic…”
The guilt surprised him. Guilt was a habit John had worked to give up after a childhood dominated by a violent father and an unreliable mother—their dad emotionally remote from them and also a drinker, their mum emotionally abused and afraid to give her children the affection that inevitably drove her husband into rages of irrational jealousy.
The misery encapsulated within this revelation, and the stony shell of unhappy resignation accreted around it—worn down smooth by who knew how many years of the memory being turned over and over in this man’s mind—left John simultaneously terrified to say anything and terrified
John knew instantly what he had to do next—not just in spite of it being Sh’lok who was involved, but
Sh’lok hesitated. “Then—would you beam down to the planet's surface and stand with me? There is a brief ceremony.”
“Mrs. Hudson,” Sh’lok said as he came to a stand in front of them, “the storm has caused some minor damage in your section. There are also injuries requiring your attention, Doctor.” When they didn’t immediately move, he looked at them sharply. “Well, gentlemen?”
John straightened up again and moved cautiously into the space, looking around. His eye immediately fell on quite a few things that had nothing to do with the miners. He paused, pulled out his communicator; the chirp of it echoed. “Mr. Sh’lok—”
at her; putting himself into her face in the manner of someone who imagines he’s not to be ignored. And, dear heavens, there he was in a single smug package—the man she had started to love, just a little, and had come to her senses and stepped away from before it had turned entirely to hate.
I’Chaya leapt up and yapped with delight and tore off after the bag. From out in the dimness, moments later, came vague soft sounds of growling and shaking and other assorted punishment, and then clinking and clattering that suggested a hole was being dug: a deep one. Sh’lok let out an amused breath, knowing that even when he wanted the thing again, it would take some doing to find it.
John was starting to get the feeling that this woman was the kind of person who’d kill at a whim if not given a good reason not to. Quickly he reached out and caught her arm by the elbow.
John stood there twitching, once more feeling that itching high up on his back, as if someone was staring at him. “Fourteen minutes,” Mrs. Hudson said. “We’ve got to go!”
“I have,” said a man in a violet coverall as he walked in from another part of the office. He was taller than Vanderberg, with an unruly shock of dark hair.
other Sh’loks…” He stared at John in amazement. “Then there can be more than just one other John Watson. Many,
“It has to be intense enough to kill the creatures inside human beings on the planet surface,” John said, “as well as the creatures themselves, directly. Ideally even if they’re in closed and darkened spaces.” It seemed the least he could do: make sure Sh’lok got at least
at being grabbed and chucked into the brig by security and then ever-so-coolly deduced, not to mention psychoanalysed, by someone who looks a lot like his First Officer?” Because, Lestrade not being present except in his other-universe form, of course that duty would fall to Sh’lok. John grinned at the thought of sitting down to review the security video… assuming they all survived beaming back. “
has done.” She waved her finger over that single button, which bore signs of a fair amount of use. “When I’d kill for you,” Mary said, “people would understand what had happened. Violence. Blood. Even disintegration leaves its traces.”
“We had quite a time in the chem lab picking up after the storm,” she said conversationally. “Though nothing compared to your day, I gather.”
John’s first reaction was to feel guilty for inflicting this on him. Yet the thought of a galaxy, maybe a
He then produced some growling noises of various pitches, like a singer vocalizing to warm up. And then, “Mm. That’s better,” Sh’lok said, in something that was still very dry-sounding, but far more like his normal voice. “Now, Doctor, try the sonic separator—”
And she turned away from him and started shouting across Engineering for her section chief Turner. “Edna, get me all the Firelighter fusion-squeeze starter kits we’ve got: we’re going to have to fabricate at least that many more again. And pull all the S-qualification rigs out of stores, we’re going to have to fabricate more of those too. Oh, and Edna, these are all focused-fusion satellites we’re building:
In answer he heard a dark, deep boom… the gates of this virtual Erebor slamming shut in the distance, confirmation of what he’d done. And following that, as its owner realised what had happened, came a long, low, infuriated growl.
John watched the Vulcan before the dais lift out the object that had been wrapped up. It was a polearm of sorts, with one end terminating in a wicked-looking sharpened half-moon of steel, the other ending in a broad heavily-counterweighted half-egg shape. The Vulcan offered the weapon to Sh’lok.
“Ah. No.” Sh’lok sounded just the slightest bit put out, but also embarrassed. “Actually, a significant portion of it was taken up by Mrs. Hudson.”
The doors whooshed open and Sh’lok came in, mostly focused on making last-minute adjustments to his tricorder. When he looked up after a moment, John nodded to him and turned his attention back to the planet they were orbiting. All in all, it wasn’t much to look at: a smallish class H world swirled with white cloud, its cold arid surface drifted dun and white with sand and ancient dingy water ice, and pockmarked with enough craters to suggest that its present atmosphere had not always been in place. “Mr. Sh’lok, you reviewed the planet’s physical history on the way in,” John said. “Any evidence of solar instability? Or magnetic field trouble?”
There was nothing for it but to deploy logic, against which the Captain (to his credit) normally had little resistance. “One of the creatures will have to be captured and analysed, Captain. We did not have a clear opportunity to do so earlier when I was attacked. Since my nervous system is already affected, as you pointed out, Doctor, I don't believe they can do much more to me.”
fine was the armed security guard standing just inside them, and looking at her with undisguised suspicion.
Sometimes the things John found were audio cues held in the shape of some artifact meant to recall them. Others still were knots or sets of sensory cues encoded into particularly large, striking jewels. One big ruby had held the glare of the strange, dark hot light from the inside of a vast interstellar single-celled organism, and the stink of burning metal and singeing plastic, and the sound of Lestrade’s voice yelling, “Shut up, Sh’lok, we’re
The quick glance she gave him was extremely ironic. “Of course you’d think that,” Mary said. “Always the pragmatist. It does leave me so much more time to spend on
They both looked over for a moment at the—waiting?—creature. Then, with the air of someone who’d made a decision, Sh’lok said, “Captain. You are aware of the Vulcan technique of the joining of two minds—”
And sure enough, there this universe’s Sh’lok stood, erect, glaring at John. But the glare was uneasy.
The skull shattered into a hundred pieces, but Sh’lok went down, sprawled limp and unconscious a second later. John stood there gasping for a moment, then nodded thanks to Donovan and went to help Mrs. Hudson up. “How much time, Hudders?”
“Of course not, Captain,” Sh’lok said, wounded and indignant. “…In any way that leaves evidence of anyone having done so.”
For a short time—perhaps the length of the day after his initial recognition of the symptoms—Sh’lok indulged the hope that what he was experiencing might due to his dual heritage manifest itself in some diluted, manageable form, or even simply go away. But it declined to accommodate him. And though Sh’lok turned all his attention to controlling or concealing the signs of what ailed him, they would not be concealed. His physiology, normally so well-schooled and biddable, swiftly turned on him and began betraying his condition to anyone with the wits to see.
“I am not certain,” Sh’lok said. “I seem to have a body which stretches into infinity.” There was a bit of a pause after that, followed by the honest-to-God exasperated sigh of a being who was annoyed enough by the demands of his transport to start with, and didn't at
But sometimes it was hard. He was after all living his dream, day by day—the antidote to the hopeless helpless yearnings of a rural Midlands kid who’d started to believe that nothing would ever happen to him. At long last, over these last couple of years since leaving the Academy, and most especially now, things had seriously begun to happen… and there was nothing that was going to keep him from enjoying it.
with him, to whom he could absolutely trust not just his body, or his career, or even his life, but his
hadn’t been damaged in its essentials by this ordeal, that last disdainful pronouncement went a long way to satisfying the need.
The Transporter room doors opened and Mr. Sh’lok came in. “Lieutenant Donovan has had no further response to our signals, Captain,” he said.
It was a subdued scent, subtle, a bit dark, hard to pin down in terms of what else it was like. It reminded John a bit of the fragrance of that hot wind that had swept past them as he and Sh’lok and Lestrade had walked across the stony natural bridge to the Place of Marriage and Challenge— rich but also sharp, laden with distant complexities; alien but tantalising.
, it was that his First Officer’s hunches—not that he would normally admit to them, much less dignify them with the name—were worth indulging.
“Sailor's luck, Mr. Sh’lok,” John said, as lightly as he could when he was feeling so annoyed. “Or, as one of Finagle's Laws puts it, ‘Any home port the ship makes will be somebody else’s, not mine…’” He shrugged. “The new president of Altair Six wants to get himself launched a week early, so we have to be there a week early.”
The door closed behind them, sealing away the brighter light outside. John heard the unmistakable sound of a breath being let out.
He was so shocked by this development that he actually found himself  looking around to see who she was
“And not least because if someone at Fleet realises we’ve got a little spare time, and something comes up that gives them an excuse to need us…” Even so early in her mission, John was getting a sense that
longer than any of them, helped them all— And what do I get for that? They all get promoted over my head, every fucking one, and all I get is ‘oh come on, now, Abernetty, you’re getting close to retirement age, what do you want a promotion for?—’”
And truly, it was heating up here: the wind was blowing hotter, and the firepit at the rear of the dais was beginning to flare with occasional smoke and flame as the attendants continued their ceremonial march. “God, the bells,” Lestrade muttered. “I’d give real money if they’d shut up.” He turned to John again. “Come on, John, you can't do this!”
Sh’lok rubbed his head back against that hand, turned his face into it, kissed the palm; then licked it, a long drag of hot wet tongue, intensely erotic. John gasped at that, for his hands seemed more sensitive than usual.
Sh’lok fell silent. “Meaning,” John said, “we bring our passions and irrationalities with us wherever we go. Our frustrations… our hatreds.”
At that the landscape shivered under his feet, like the pelt of a horse stung by a biting fly and trying to shake it off. But John stood his ground and bore down harder, the way he did when he and Sh’lok were sparring and (however briefly) he had his sparring partner pinned and was shoving him down into the mat.
As John came down those stairs he heard something more immediate than the low buzzing they’d been following. It was an extremely peculiar noise somewhere between the squeak of an unoiled hinge and a hiss of expelled air, and it was close. With one hand he gestured Hudson and the Security chief Lanier off to one side to cover them from above, while he and Sh’lok and Zahra stepped down to the courtyard level and cautiously looked around.
“Mr. Sh’lok,” John said, “you are second in command. This will be a dangerous hunt. Either one of us by himself is expendable. Both of us are not.”
Once again John was quite content to keep his own counsel, because a great deal more could be said. And from somewhere in the back of his mind he could just hear someone saying,
The disc of the star swelled in the viewscreen, blinding. The Bridge began to be flooded with its light. Sh’lok looked up from his viewer. “Outer hull temperature now five hundred twenty-two degrees Kelvin and rising—”
Again that brief confusion (in so physically charged a moment) over who was saying what, while each of them was still getting used to mind touching mind in this most intimate mode. But it was all
world any more. The satisfaction of all his hopes for his career and the Work done within it, the fulfillment of all his secret wishes and hungers, lay out past Vulcan’s atmosphere. Without exception everything Sh’lok wanted in his life now resided among the challenges and dangers of new worlds, aboard the ship that had become his true home and the friend who had made it so.
“I’ve found a whole layer of these silicon nodules of yours,” John said, moving in among them. “Hundreds of them.” They lay scattered around the floor, some perched up on ledges, others piled up against the walls. John was intrigued by the variations in their colours; they weren’t all the soft mauve of the one in Vanderberg’s office, but ranged from pale pearly-white or dove-grey shades through deeper hues of rose or gold or soft blue.
“It is a device with neural feeding circuits,” Sh’lok said, “designed to interconnect directly with the mind of the priestess-leader. Its use is strictly predetermined by the builders who programmed it.”
On the bed, Sh’lok’s head jerked from side to side a couple of times. He swallowed. Then his eyes opened slowly, focusing on the two of them.
Lestrade’s reaction was the kind of amusement that might have followed the Science Officer starting to recite some fairy tale. “You're creating fantasies, Mr. Sh’lok.”
thing Sh’lok did, when he ran ahead on the track of some answer or danger and it was John Watson who wound up doing the following). Then he let go of Sh’lok and turned himself around before the lift doors opened.
“Evening, Captain,” the answer came back. He caught Sh’lok’s eye as he headed into the turbolift: raised an eyebrow. Sh’lok nodded to him and turned back to his hooded reader.
“Well, I hate to use the word, but logically, with those kind of odds, you might as well stay. But please… stay out of trouble, Mr. Sh’lok.”
John thought. And right now he found the difference in their heights to be the last thing on his mind. It was as if while John was touching Sh’lok, all the urgency, all the uncertainty, all the nerves, had begun falling away from him like a shed garment; as if something was saying to him,
Sh’lok groaned into his mouth, a sound both of surprise and of desperate ravenous arousal, and clutched John to him almost convulsively, staggering. John felt Sh’lok’s knees actually going wobbly, and braced him.
His mouth was dry. With an effort he turned his head away to look out at the stars again. “Second chances, Mr. Sh’lok,” John said softly. “They tend to be few and far between.”
excitement and passion—they were worth more to John than any mere pheromonal high. And every minute more that John spent kissing and licking and stroking that handsome cock treated him to that much more of the sight of Sh’lok lying there trembling and gasping, helpless with the ecstasy of it.
Silent, Sh’lok lifted his eyes to John’s for a moment. There was a bleak, resigned desperation in them that John found amazingly hard to look at, but he wasn’t allowed more than a second or so to do so before Sh’lok dropped his gaze to his hands again.
Behind him the doors to the turbolift opened, and John’s mouth went a bit dry. He somehow knew without even looking that here came the one element missing from an
Lestrade snorted. “If you think my report-handling workload allows me to spend a whole hour indulging your whinging, Mr. Sh’lok, you’ve got another think coming. Now that I’ve got a crisis baseline to compare against, a five minute full-body scan and another five to do your bloods and we’re finished. Get up on the damn bed.”
At least for the moment he was succeeding, as Sh’lok seemed to have turned his attention to John’s chest hair. For John’s part, it was rare enough for him to have time or opportunity to lie awake in this bed without thoughts of duty intruding. They were doing that now. “We have some things to think about,” he said.
Though John spoke mildly, Vanderberg knew he was being schooled; his eyes narrowed a bit, but he made no more of it than that. “You'll have it. Just find that creature, whatever it is. I've got a quota to meet. Come on, Appel.”
abnormal,” Lestrade said. “These people’s cortical function is being manipulated with a whole spread of cognitive and behavioral inhibitors. Somebody
It took John a moment to work out what had occurred. The hair he was touching had not only suddenly stopped being smooth, but John found himself stroking something thicker, springier, deeper-textured… He realised he had a handful of short but unmistakable
skin, as a sex organ—for which the hands themselves routinely stood in as a symbol. But the hands as erogenes were also deeply specialised, the fount of a whole school of subtle and involved symbolisms—most of them millennia old, deeply ingrained and interwoven with Vulcan physiological and psychological structure and reaction, and encrusted with endless rich and complex inter- and intracultural variations.
“Bones!” the Captain said, glancing just once sideways to where the doctor was leaning half-dazed against the wall.
be the last thing. Because this was dying. And the one he’d always thought would be able to save him, if it ever came to something like this, wasn’t here. But he still couldn’t keep himself from calling out to him.
They stood there nearly chest to chest for a few breaths. Normally in a situation like this, where he found himself staring at his First Officer’s sternum and had to tilt his head back to meet his eyes and get on with business, John would have made a joke of it— the way he sometimes chose to tease Sh’lok when he chose to loom over his Captain to get his attention.
They all ran toward the lab building. John was prepared to phaser his way in through the access doors, but they were open. The whole group followed John up two levels of stairs, down a hallway lined with partly-opened doors and an uncanny silence, down to the single door at the end of the hall from which Clara’s screams were still coming.
“It is a First Officer’s chief duty to offer useful advice to his superior. And the advice I have for you now is to lie back and let me do
Next to him, Bradstreet glanced down at the phaser, then up at John. “Captain,” he said softly, “that’s set to kill…”
“Yes sir.” Donovan shook her head. “Could be natural. Volcanism would be a possible cause, except that this is far too regular. Getting it in pulses—clean tall sines with very little variation in the cycles.”
He looked back at Bones. “If we’re here,” Lestrade said, “what do you suppose our counterparts are doing back in
John pushed the center seat’s comm button. “Satellite control, this is the Captain. Energise all satellites.”
“I like feeling you think,” Sh’lok whispered, dropping his gaze to that hand, and slowly, hesitantly beginning to stroke the back of it with his thumb. “…Or feeling you
This kind of language from Lestrade boded nothing but good, as his normal mode of operation where prognoses were concerned was Postulate Worst Case Until The Patient Is Discharged Or Dies. Nonetheless John chose to err on the side of caution. “Can you help it?”
man? No one would ever mistake him for the one into whose place he’d been thrust. “Apparently,” Sh’lok said, “some kind of transposition has taken place. I find it…” He walked away from the brig door. “Extremely interesting.”
Gently Sh’lok pressed John’s hand back down against the bed, palm-up, and stroked down between the fingers with his own in exactly the way John had stroked between Sh’lok’s fingers earlier. John’s back arched and he cried out softly as the long soft touch ran straight down some never-suspected nerve-channel to his groin and throbbed deliciously there. His cock jerked up, and a flush of pure raw arousal ran up and down John’s body and made the hair on every limb stand on end.
John’s mind went back to Sh’lok unhesitatingly picking up the blasted-off chunk of the Horta’s hide—perhaps rendered fortuitously inert by the phaser fire, for all John knew. What if the Horta had simply been off-balance for a short time, frightened by what Sh’lok had just done… but was now recovering, and angry?
The bell-shakers started up again as two of the liveried attendants cast aside the purple covers over the objects they’d been holding and went out to present them to John and Sh’lok. John held out his hands and accepted from his man what looked like nothing but a canvas strap a couple of meters long with fringes and small weights knotted at either end.
“Gentlemen,” Sh’lok said, “if you'll examine your charts, please— I last located the creature in the area marked Adit Two Six, moving along bearing two zero one. This particular group will move out beyond that area in all directions in an effort to surround it, and possibly capture it.”
Hudders blinked. “Bradstreet!” She shook her head. “Bad enough that Anderson’s been made Security Chief of this place, surveilling and controlling everything. Like something out of the ancient Gestapo, one of those spy-on-everybody political officers...”
And now it was like being trapped in a dream, a nightmare; trapped behind glass and hammering on it, shouting desperate pleas and advice at those on the other side, unheard, unhearable… unable to get through, to get anyone to pay attention to him, to
The world snapped back into focus. Engineering did, anyway, and so did Mrs. Hudson. She was standing there with her arms crossed and tapping one foot.
He was gesticulating with his tricorder, and John got up to see what he was on about. “Sir,” Bradstreet said, “five hundred meters in that direction—” he pointed away from where the humanoid half-lay against the stones—“there’s a foundation under the surface. A huge one. Registrations all over the place.”
Sh’lok bent down without hesitation to pick up the object, and John immediately had reason to recall those various awards for valour that his First Officer had accumulated and declared “dull”. But however their quarry secreted its acid, there seemed to be none of it on the slab of stuff it had left behind, and Sh’lok examined it curiously. It was light in his hands, and hard like a shell around the edges; but more central parts of it, the crystal-encrusted darker patches, were still pulsing, and glittering as they pulsed.
S’kroft regarded John with what looked like mild surprise as he walked past him toward his chair. “This combat is to the death.”
John gazed down at his First Officer. “I need you, Sh’lok,” he said. And oh, God, was it true. “But we can't take any chances.” He glanced up at the diagnostic panel again. “We'll keep you confined for a while longer. If you can maintain control, we'll see.”
Because there was still the guy on his left to deal with. That man was hanging onto John’s forearm and upper arm now as if intending to wrestle him into submission by pulling the arm around behind him or some other simplistic move. I don’t think so, John thought, half-turning to elbow the man in the solar plexus. As the henchman’s face twisted and the breath whooshed out of him, John continued the turn, clubbing him two-handed in the chest, and in the final stage of the turn got an arm crooked around the man’s neck. All that was needed now was the half-spin, the crouch and the side-armed throw that sent the man crashing into the far corridor wall. At which point the crewman who’d turned on Bradstreet brought up that phaser again and vaporised the second man as well.
The turbolift doors hissed open as Dr. Hooper came in and handed Lestrade a padd, then glanced around curiously at the Bridge crew, who were all watching a viewscreen that for the moment was dark. “Doctor, what’s going on?”
John meanwhile got up from behind his boulder and moved quickly over to the humanoid, crouching down by him as Bradstreet came up behind. John reached out to touch the humanoid’s shoulder, and the fellow looked up at him in complete shock.
At one point John found himself nose to nose with a Sh’lok who even while in the grip of Dimmock and his fellow helm officer was slowly and inexorably pulling his arm out of Dimmock’s grip against the man’s whole strength. The Vulcan’s pale fierce gaze was fixed on John’s shoulder, plainly choosing the spot where his hand would momentarily fasten down on John in a nerve pinch.
Naturally it was to his advantage, therefore, that no one else should be allowed to discover the—exchange?—if at all possible, and for as long as possible. But far more compelling, to Sh’lok’s way of thinking, was that he should be allowed to discover as much as he could about this other universe before the visitors to this one managed to escape back to their own.
though… John swallowed. Now the world had shifted. Now consent had entered the equation, had been sought and given. Now something never before permissible had become not only permissible, but desirable. Shortly he was going to be able to look into Sh’lok’s eyes and tell him directly that—
this single time in Vulcan public life when it was permissible, even expected, to do so. The heat built in Sh’lok’s blood as something that could physically be felt as fire, and it was good,
John blinked his eyes open on a Bridge full of people collapsed over their chairs and onto the floor. Somehow he was certain that a significant amount of time had passed, but he wasn’t sure how much. He also wasn’t sure he cared at all for the feeling of having been kicked in the head.
And he did. The look of them softened the somewhat austere angles of Sh’lok’s face and made him look if possible even handsomer.
Sh’lok breathed in, breathed out, confidence filling him again. He was a Vulcan, and mere pain would be no match for him. “I-Chaya,” he said. “Are you ready?”
John glanced around, searching for landmarks, and after a moment oriented himself when he spotted a corner building with a severe little glade of triangular white concrete pylons in it. Years back, when Harry and Clara had first settled here, Harry had sent him an image of the spot, which was near her lab. It had been captioned “Low maintenance forest, Denevan style.” He’d chuckled a little under his breath on seeing it. At the moment, though, all John could think of was how long a time it seemed since anything Harry’d said to him had been funny: and the thought chafed uncomfortably against the strangeness of the present moment.
he thought as Lestrade got up and went back to where he’d been standing, and John got back to his feet.
Sh'lok stood there looking grave. “I regret I see no other choice for you, Captain,” he said. “We already know this aggregate-creature or species has destroyed three civilisations. Perhaps more.”
A long time they spent plumbing those depths together. Positions shifted, limbs tangled together, hands stroked, mouths found new places to tease or bite or lavish with exquisite pleasures… and every one of those was shared, two minds savouring whatever one of them did. Yet John’s tendency to always be looking ahead and anticipating the next thing couldn’t be shaken off even here. They were on their sides now, chests pressed together, their cocks brushing teasingly against each other while Sh’lok nuzzled and nipped at John’s neck, eyes closed in pleasure at the feeling of John’s skin against his: and John was in that pleasure with him too.
“Of course,” Sh’lok said. “The light of the sun at the proximity where the Denevan declared himself free was one million candlepower per square inch. If this works, the satellites we orbit will produce light of such intensity that even someone in a closed, darkened area will be affected by it.”
Sh’lok closed his mouth, tilted his head and gazed at John for a moment… then said: “I am open to suggestions.”
The screen shimmered as it shifted up into higher resolution, revealing a ship of rounded contours with five stubby pods or nacelles arranged symmetrically around it. It looked like some kind of metallic flower head.
John did not say the word “Deneva”. It didn’t matter. Sh’lok spent several moments being seen to be leisurely examining anything in the room that was neither the chessboard nor John. John spent a few breaths’ time in innocent enjoyment of this, then took pity on his First Officer and said, “Let’s just say ‘missing in action, hmm?’”
“The power beam jumped for a moment, sir, as the landing party was about to materialise. I never saw it happen before.”
John forced himself to stay still and quiet while he absorbed one more aspect of the awfulness of this place.
Shortly thereafter John stood with Lestrade by the diagnostic bed, trying not to see the restraints fastened around Sh’lok’s arms and legs and body at least as hard as he’d earlier tried not to see Dr. Hooper. Sh’lok lay there twitching slightly, gasping, uncontrollably grimacing.
Shortly thereafter his position in what passes on Vulcan as the world government would have been at risk… if not at an end. So Dr. Lestrade should be told that by his underhanded and ethically suspect stratagem, he singlehandedly prevented a major interstellar crisis that eventually could have cost millions, if not billions, of lives.”
Hands reached up. John caught them in his own, pressed the stone into them, clasped around them. Sh’lok’s hands guided John’s down, pressing them low on his chest, where a liver would have been were he human, but where a Vulcan would keep his heart.
John nodded, stepped back to the diagnostic bed and Lestrade, and took him urgently by the arm. “Let’s go, Bones!”
“Yes, I’m here,” he said, and for the first time he saw just a flash of the smile that the old Clara had worn. But it was just that, a flash, and though she looked glad to see him for that moment, the expression was tinged with a kind of horror.  “You have to tell us what happened, Clara. To you and the others.”
John had to start laughing then. Resigned, he got back onto the bed and stretched himself out face to face with Sh’lok again. “Right. And of course the people who were sure they were onto a winner started calling other crew who were off shift to inform them. Or gloat…”
“—there was never any reason to make it wider due to the presence of anyone else, was there, and so—”
John shook his head. “That just sounds like Mr. Sh’lok in one of his problem-solving phases,” he said, “or when he’s gone contemplative--“
He dropped to his knees, put his hands down into the darkness where he knelt, and felt around. Under the surface was a warmth, like a bruise, and beneath it, the fierce drumbeat of that pulse. The surface melted away under his hands, as if something lay there that wanted to be found. John slipped his hands in and under, touched it, lifted it up—
John flung himself down onto it and started to dig, thrusting his hands in against the stinging and the burning and the bruising,
“I do not know,” Kara said in what would have been a pitiful little-girl whimper if the situation was different.
Leaning against his desk, Lestrade merely tilted his head at Sh’lok a little as if to say “Proceed.”
Donovan thought, because she wasn’t sure what might have happened had she been forced to follow through... if necessary, with that knife.
Sh’lok’s spare hand slid around to find John’s face again, along with the pressure points where the meld could be controlled and deepened or brought into sharper focus.
“All right, these pieces of equipment’ve served their purpose,” John said, and chuckled, putting the boards down on his desk. “But for the moment they’re probably surplus to requirements. Here…” John reached out and touched Sh’lok’s elbow to turn him toward him so he could take the chess set’s box.
Those eyes drifted shut and Sh’lok leaned into the touch, his lips parting just slightly. John could not bear to hold still a single second longer. “Come here,” he whispered, and pulled that beautiful face down to meet his.
“You mean, how’s it doing what it’s doing?” She shrugged in bemusement. “Beats me. But isn’t she lovely?”
The turbolift stopped, its doors hissing open, and John ran down the corridor past crewmen still helping one another up and dusting one another off.
The corridor was empty, but John had no sense of how long it would stay that way. “Oh, Sh’lok, one question—” he said, looking around.
“Mr. Sh’lok,” she said, looking at him narrowly out of those sharp eyes of hers, “I thought you were still confined to Sickbay.”
Sh’lok shook his head. “Illogical, if such efforts continued. Improvements in long-range stellar surveying and cartography over the middle of the last century would have made it plain that stellar density in this region was too low for Deneva as a transport hub to ever become logistically or economically viable.”
“Yes,” Lestrade said, picking up the topical ball. “For instance, above it's cold and harsh. And below, it's warm. The air is fresh.”
As the men bearing S’kroft’s chair paced toward the second dais, John’s attention went to the rest of the wedding party, and specifically to the woman who followed immediately behind S’kroft’s chair. It was T’Eyreen, in a short silvery dress, her hair bound up on her head in a complex array of fine silver fillets. John thought he caught her sliding an assessing glance his way, though due to the direction in which she was walking it looked like it might have been an accident.
John paused before the open lift doors, drew himself up, and gave Sh’lok the kind of dry, call-your-bluff look he’d have given him over the chessboard when daring him to do his worst. “You're at liberty to do so, Mr. Sh’lok.”
After a few moments he simply stood still and blinked. Then he was in motion again, swinging on Sh’lok as if expecting some response he definitely wasn’t hearing. “Aren’t you listening to me?” roared the man wearing John Watson’s body, getting right into Sh’lok’s face. “Why isn’t somebody heating up the phasers?”
Mrs. Hudson shook her head. “Sorry, Captain. That's about the best I can do. But I doubt it’ll be good enough.”
Silently it slid open and they all looked inside. There, to John’s combined relief and concern, they saw Kara, the Eymorg leader, leaning with her back to them, against…
And he had to smile a somewhat fierce half-smile, because if things went properly, this battle they would both win.
John simply wallowed in that kiss until it broke enough for him to feel Sh’lok’s breaths (coming quite quickly at the moment) on his face. “Bed?” he said then, because there was really no way to get in or out of Starfleet-issue boots unless you were sitting down, and anyway his own knees were less than reliable after that last kiss.
The red-haired woman and the executioner moved up to flank her path. “As it was in the dawn of our days,” T’Eyreen said as she came, “as  it is today, as it will be for all tomorrows, I make my choice.” She paused by the red-haired woman, their glances crossing.
at you,” he said softly. And then gasped, for Sh’lok’s hand had found his way up to John’s cock as John was reaching for his.
questions, it's as if she's fighting to get the answers out. As though something is exerting pain to stop her.”
He pushed Sh’lok gently down onto the edge of the bed and was about to sit down by him when he was stopped. Sh’lok had reached out to him and slipped his arms up around John’s waist, drawing him close. His head was right at the level of John’s crotch and the harder-every-moment contents of John’s trousers; and as John looked down at him, Sh’lok leaned ever so slowly forward and buried his face against what awaited him there, his hands sliding down to squeeze John’s arse.
gets pulled into the ceremonies in a way he didn't anticipate... and which even bringing a present probably wouldn't have averted.
John knew from a good number of discussions and intimate explorations with his own Sh’lok that there were a number of ways in which a mindmeld could proceed, depending on the relationship between the participants and the reason for the meld. Straightforward information-gathering could be very simple (if the participants trusted one another or if one was much stronger than the other) or quite difficult (if one was resisting, or the beings in the meld were more evenly balanced in terms of strength). And John knew, because Sh’lok had both told him so and
In the turbolift on the way to the Bridge, Sh’lok had already started making notes on his padd. John leaned over to glance at them. “Mr. Sh’lok,” John murmured. “Surely you’re not intending to raid the facility’s computer for their crew rosters and work schedules, are you?”
sometimes his immediately-superior officer) was allowed to accuse him of getting carried away anywhere. “Well,
It seemed just possible that under these circumstances, if sufficiently provoked, the man might do it.
And John felt it flowing over him, warm, fierce, inexhaustible… the commitment, the certainty, the loyalty: the love.
He didn’t hurry himself, knowing he needed at least a few minutes to pull himself together. But doing so proved hard, as a whole raft of concerns began one after one to assail him. For fifteen or twenty minutes John walked the corridors of
Sh’lok picked up the containment module and went off with Hooper to secure it for examination elsewhere in the lab. John, though, stepped away from the cubicle feeling extremely uncertain.
The look of it was something John couldn’t gauge, but there was no arguing with the fact that the space was filling up with that rumbling pulsing sound, strong and loud—and it now sounded more like a purr than ever. He turned to Sh’lok. “Well, Mr. Sh’lok, I'm going to have to ask you to get in touch with the Horta again and tell her our proposition. She and her children can do all the tunnelling they want. Our people will remove the minerals, and each side will leave the other alone. Think she'll go for it?”
His communicator beeped. He reached for it, flipped it open, phaser still raised and trained on the watching creature. “Watson here.”
Lestrade shook his head. “It's the greatest technical job I've ever seen. Every nerve ending in the brain must've been neatly sealed. Nothing ripped, nothing torn, no bleeding. It's a medical miracle.” But his voice made it sound as if he considered the whole thing a curse.
Sh’lok blinked at him. It was bemusement again, and something he’d seen his own Sh’lok do often enough… but almost always in a moment’s vulnerability, a reaction he hardly ever allowed anyone else to see. John turned away from that expression, a touch disturbed, and went into the lift.
my ship?!  And hastily John pushed the thought aside, because right now he didn’t have the leisure to stand around considering the possible horrors. He had to
It was the question that kept coming up, and the one John was half afraid to hear the answer to. “Let’s find out,” he said, and turned to the machine. “Computer.”
There was a pause. “Very well,” Sh’lok said, his voice steadying down into its more normal depths, though there was still an edge to it. “But I find it extremely disquieting that your roof chose that particular moment to collapse. Please proceed with extreme caution. I shall quicken my pace.”
However, having left the Bridge under such peculiar and possibly concerning circumstances—for he’d seen the very covert glances as he and Sh’lok left—John felt compelled to put in an appearance up there. No sooner did he arrive (or attempt to) than he found himself getting stuck in the open turbolift discussing the continuing misbehavior of the left nacelle’s antimatter converter with Mrs. Hudson, who was on her way down to her own domain. If there was any upside to this it was overhearing a conversation between Dimmock and Bradstreet that he probably never would have heard about otherwise: Dimmock’s resigned “How do you figure it? First we're going to Vulcan, then we're going to Altair. Then we're headed to Vulcan again. And now we're headed back to Altair…” And Bradstreet, dry and succinct as always: “I think I'm going to get space sick.”
Through his pain Sh’lok felt a flash of sorrow for her. He was hardly ignorant of her feelings for him, and was certainly in no position to mock her for them. Dr. Hooper was probably upset on his behalf, but struggling for a way to convey it appropriately, and had removed herself until she felt certain of her ability to do so.
“Adjusting my tricorder to register for silicon, Captain.” The Vulcan paused, examining the device’s readout. “Interesting.”
“Love,” John said, hearing an echo of one of Sh’lok’s more cynical opinions and editing it a bit, “can be a powerful motivator…”
“If I find it unwise, or at the very least challenging, for a being to engage in politics who has so much trouble working within his system’s norms,” Sh’lok said, “and I say ‘his’ as an approximation—who at the same time is meant to express or uphold those norms to other species who might become confused by what seem mixed messages—”
She didn’t turn; but he heard just a slight smile come into her voice. “I’d be very glad to do that, Mr. Sh’lok.” And she straightened then, still not turning. “And if there’s anything else I can do, anything you need, anything at all; you have me.”
She was shaking her head against the pillow. “Not the ship's crew's fault,” Clara gasped. “The things made them bring their ship here.”
out of Sh’lok’s hands and gently lowering John’s head to the ground. Sh’lok stepped back, numb, as Lestrade unwrapped the choking strap from around the Captain’s throat and looked down at him, not needing to check his pulse. He could see as clearly as Sh’lok did, as Sh’lok always would, where it no longer beat.
She held herself quite still for a moment or two. “I came to tell you,” Dr. Hooper said, “that we are bound for Vulcan. We'll be there in just a few days.”
Not for the first time, John wondered how other starship captains had reacted when Sh’lok had said things like this to them.
Ahead of them a small crowd of men in worksuits was gathering, the beams of portable torches dancing hectically from their hands and flashing toward and away from one spot on the ground. John and Sh’lok slowed, seeing it, but Lestrade trotted straight toward it and dropped to his knees there, tricorder out.
“I don't think we'll need to, Mr. Appel,” John said. “Mr. Vanderberg, we'll need a complete subsurface chart of all the drifts, galleries and tunnels—”
—he’d thought he would be able to stand his ground against them, for once paradoxically assisted by the human biology and genetics that had always otherwise caused him so much trouble.
At the thought of the way things had been in his-version-of-there just that morning, John took a long breath and had to hold still for a moment and concentrate on steadying himself. With all the rushing about from one place to another, the constant assault of dangerous events that had kept commanding his whole attention, this was the first moment in which John had had enough leisure to really take stock of himself…and he found himself, in one particular aspect, very much wanting.
“Yes sir,” Lestrade said, sounding completely dry, and John saw to his relief that the shock in his eyes had faded back a little. And the horror that had started creeping onto Donovan’s and Mrs. Hudson’s faces was being restrained. Their expressions were visibly stilled now, and purposefully so: masks, hastily applied.
Then, as Lestrade straightened and (for once completely unwilling to argue the point) staggered away, he saw John Watson’s gaze lock back on Sh’lok’s with an fierce angry intensity that was not only unexpected, but positively alarming.
Lestrade was saying. Dr. Hooper was working urgently over an arched personal life support device that half-surrounded the torso of the body lying on the biobed.
“Still,” John said, and buried his face in the curls for one last second. Then he sat up. “Come on, Sh’lok. I’ll get down there and give them one last chance to size us up. Maybe we’ll have to resign ourselves to giving Starfleet the bad news and leaving them to their own devices. But who knows…”
Sh’lok lay still on the bed, on his side, eyes closed, noting this. He had of course no need for the lighting to alert him to that other presence. There were very few crewmen of
S’kroft  rose from his chair with that long dark staff in his hand and stepped down from the secondary dais, making his way to the other, and stepping up to stand where T’Eyreen had stood, in front of the gong. But no sooner had he come there than Sh’lok straightened himself, hands still clasped before him, and slowly walked to him.
“A shot in the dark,” Sh’lok said, and smiled slightly. “But a good one. She plays still at tournament level, though she does it from home…”
“It’s a tri-ox compound,” Lestrade said. “It’ll help you breathe.” He reached up and touched John’s arm, bracing him lightly for a moment. “Now be careful!”
“In that event,” Sh’lok said, absolutely dry and uninflected, “I am ordered to kill you… and to proceed against the Halkans as the new captain of the
“Not to us! But down on the surface, the creatures stayed in the shadows for the most part. Suppose they weren't simply hiding. Suppose they're sensitive to light. Light, like in a sun, close up—”
His glance flicked just briefly to where their communicators and tricorders were sitting on a nearby table.
“Correct. It was one of the very last settlements established on the planet, perhaps three hundred thousand years ago. Its original Controller lingered longer than any of the others, out of—” Sh’lok paused. “I think perhaps the phrase you might choose would be ‘sheer bloody-mindedness’.”
She was Clara’s daughter by a previous marriage, and she favoured her mother somewhat, except for the blazing red hair; no telling what strain of Clara’s heredity that had come from. Pale skin, delicate features, freckles, eyes squeezed shut… But there was a fine muscle tremor running all through her, an incessant twitching as if she was hooked to some kind of current.
Hudders preferred to keep her conversation jauntily formal when things were going well, but when she saw trouble coming, first names slipped out: and when she slipped so far as to call him “dear” he knew that disaster was imminent.
For some seconds everyone stood very still and quiet. Within a few breaths’ time John realized that ever so faintly he could hear some sound out among the taller boulders that littered this area, probably dropped here as glacial occasionals over the ages. “In a few moments,” he murmured. He gestured at Bradstreet and Gregson with his phaser. “Fire only on my signal. Flank out.”
Lestrade looked devastated. “I threw the total spectrum of light at the creature. It wasn't necessary. I didn't stop to think that only
John managed to lower himself to the bed next to Sh’lok, on his side, and threw his unoccupied arm around Sh’lok’s back to roll him over, pull them together. Their difference in height was mostly a matter of the differing lengths of their legs, but their torsos were a better match, and in very short order their two cocks were pressed together and their two hands were stroking them.
“Then we're dealing with more than one creature, despite your tricorder readings,” John said. “Or we have a creature with an extremely long life span.”
“Yes,” John said, “very brief. That's why we must get to you immediately. Beam us a signal so we can home in on you.”
“John?” She opened her eyes a little and looked at him. They were glazed with pain, but he could still see a different pain in them besides the merely physical one. “Harry,” Clara said. “John, she’s—”
is the alternate one,” John said. “Sh’lok, I’m no physicist and I’m short of ways to describe where mine might lie in relationship to yours. You’re going to have to work that out from what little data’s available. But at the very least, I can tell you that ours is generally a lot more, well,
When even Lestrade was showing such signs of stress, John knew they were all in trouble. But there was nothing to be done about it at the moment. “Recommendations?” he said, glancing at the awful jar again.
“Mmmmmm,” Sh’lok said, the purr even deeper if possible, and turned his head enough toward John to rub those curls against him.
Lestrade gave him an unimpressed look. “You may be controlling the pain, Mr. Sh’lok, but you're far from all right.”
John moved carefully in and looked around the place from just inside the cavern opening. Up against the back of the little cavern were baskets and boxes and other such containers, piled with what looked like alien food: fruits of some kind, vegetables, possibly breads or something similar. Another basket had a solid top on which lay axes and billets of rough metal. “Hudders,” John said, “I don’t think it’s a storehouse. Metal—forged and tempered. Our friends out there didn’t make these. They were barely up to flaking flints—”
Vanderberg glanced wearily over at it as he straightened up from the computer. “It's a silicon nodule. There are millions of them down there.” He shrugged. “No commercial value.”
John kept his face absolutely still. “Thank you, Mr. Bradstreet. Watson out.” He clicked the screen’s comms button off.
“Sh’lok!” John shouted as the Vulcan’s legs went out from under him and he fell back down the stairs to the paving at their bottom. There Sh’lok rolled, struggling to get up into a crouch, his tricorder fallen to the ground and his hands clawing ineffectively at his back and the creature that clung there.
“Of course,” Sh’lok said, reaching for the set-aside captured pieces in order to start restoring the board. John, his attention not fully on strictly physical matters right then, did the same at the same moment. Left hand and right hand, their hands touched.
did to a Vulcan’s body chemistry was also functioning to make John’s scent and taste as alluring as Sh’lok’s was to him. But like John, Sh’lok was far more ravished by the reality of what was happening, what he was being allowed to do with someone he wanted so much.
T’Eyreen raked the assembly with what was probably meant to be a look of cool triumph, but John was sure he read excitement there, and had to stop himself from gritting his teeth. She joined her hands over her midriff in a formal manner and stepped gracefully down from the central dais.
An hour later John was on the surface of Halka V, once more standing in the little dais-centred clearing in which he and his senior officers had been meeting with the Halkan Council for the last couple of days. Halkan tradition mandated that important discussions should take place under the open sky where the Gods could clearly see what was said and done. John privately wondered whether the real reason behind this was so that people could keep an eye on what the Gods were up to in the way of solar weather. Ever since they beamed down an hour or so before, the sky had been dancing with the planet’s idiosyncratic violet dayside auroral display. Sh’lok had gone on at fascinated length about the unique bowshock-accelerated hydrogen/helium interactions in the planet’s upper atmosphere that produced the signature color and the unusually vivid and quick-moving activity—wreaths and currents of purple fire writhing violently against one another right across the sky. Unfortunately the same violence was communicated down into the planet’s ionosphere and stratosphere in the form of ionic turbulence and conventional storm activity that was only sometimes wet but routinely very loud.
Sh’lok,” John said, “’facilities?’ You mean there was more than one place like this on this planet?”
Sh’lok looked at him, looked away. After a second he got up and walked a short distance to the entry of the partly-screened, red-curtained area of his quarters that held his bed and his meditation space. He leaned against the doorway there, his back to John. “It is a thing no out-worlder may know,” Sh’lok said softly, “except those very few who have been involved. A Vulcan understands, but even we do not speak of it among ourselves. It is a deeply personal thing.” Finally he looked back toward John. “Can you see that, Captain, and understand?”
present performance was leading some people at Starfleet to consider her a panacea for the universe’s short-term ills. Sometimes it left him feeling chuffed, but right now such an interruption would just be a nuisance. “We need to get started.”
he cried, and John flinched again, as much in surprise as in fear: he’d never heard a sound like that out of the man before. “Pain…” The word was almost a whimper this time, fainter and less controlled: the fisted hands shook.
The Vulcan looked professionally offended. “Captain, I see no reason to stand here and be insulted.” And he promptly took himself all of two meters away to his post, from where no further insults could possibly go unnoticed.
around his neck, and nothing the other did could forestall it for long. Finally he got it there, and though his enemy struggled still, there was no hope for him as he tightened and tightened his grip. Under his hands the other gasped and choked and clawed at his throat, more feebly every moment. And finally the struggles stopped and his opponent fell back limp against the sand, and from him no more breath came or went.
Like fire, it was a useful  servant but a poor master. And though John found it hard, this kind of thing, he concentrated on breathing through it, letting go, convincing his own barriers to fall.
But a second later he didn’t care that he didn’t understand what had happened. The softness of the loose curls and waves was irresistible, and John slid his fingers through them in delight.
The woman in purple made a placating gesture. “We know only here below and here above,” she said, waving her hands gracefully in the “below” and “above” directions. “This is our place. You are not Morg. You are stranger.”
Yet today, in the Transporter room, for the first time in months (eight months, sixteen days, twelve hours, thirty-one point six seven minutes), Sh’lok found himself sunk deep in a most unexpected and uncharacteristic wash of surprise. The prosaic nature of the setting may itself have contributed in some small way to the surprise: just another beam-up, the landing party returning from the surface of Halka V, where they had gone expecting from the natives either a slavish capitulation to the Empire’s demands, or a foolish defiance that would end in their species’ extinction. Sh’lok’s attention was fixed on the pad to the forefront always occupied by Captain Watson in a typically unsubtle reminder to his staff of who was the most important among them. But as the shimmering of the Transporter effect steadied down and revealed the shapes of the beings beaming up, Sh’lok—who had been standing waiting for the normal furious demand that the planet’s civilisation be forthwith destroyed—was startled out of his resigned composure by the realisation that something exceptional had happened. The Transport finished, and the shapes that had been nothing but light and incompletely-resolved energy states a moment before went solid and complete; and Sh’lok immediately perceived that whoever the man standing there in the Imperial captain’s uniform might have been,
. And if there was something Sh’lok never seemed to be, it was tired. From time to time he’d go seemingly for days on end without sleep apparently for his own amusement, as if just (it occasionally seemed to John) to annoy Lestrade.
