For a few moments, the only sound was their panting, as they fought to regain composure, holding each other in the aftermath, pure bliss dripping from their bodies.
"I know this isn't what you expected," she continued, "but this is the reality of things. But-" she held up both her index fingers, hushing his response, "I will try to not treat you as the person you will be, and to try to give you what you deserve as the man you are now."
Tony leaned over the railing, looking down at the rushing water. "It is, isn't it." He was in the same position as his counterpart in the story, and the thought of that sent another bolt of arousal though him. He stepped back, lest he get any ideas about flinging his pants off and begging Steve to use his tongue in him.
Everything else blurred into the background like white noise. Rhodey, his memories of Bucky, Howard…
"Director Fury," Howard shakily struck his hand out, "I-- I am so sorry for the mess I caused. I take full responsibility."
"He was stunned silent, I think," Bruce was talking, peering up at Rhodey with unveiled concern. "Tony took it as a negative response, and really, can you blame him?"
Because although Howard was going to do everything in his power to keep his memory intact, there was a little, teeny,
Steve leaned up enough to pull Tony's shirt off, immediately dropping down to take one of his nipples into his mouth, closing around it and sucking the tiny nub. Tony's hands flexed, digging into the blanket.
"First of all-" Rhodey smacked his arm with the menu, "-you only know my 'O' face because you don't know how to knock. Secondly, that was one time, whereas I'm sure you've got Steve's etched into your memory."
"Is that even a question? Cow, please." Mug located, Tony snagged it off the shelf, his hand still tingling from when he touched Steve.
"Mmm," Steve let his voice lighten and teasingly rocked Tony back and forth, bringing another laugh from him. "You love that I've become so cultured in the twenty-first century cinematic experience."
"Steve just went to grab a file from his room, he'll be back any minute. Do you want to talk about it?" Choices. That's what Bruce gave to Tony. He gave him autonomy. The space and the ability to make his own decisions was helping to calm him - but only a little, and Tony took a deep breath.
"Understatement of the century, Howard. He's staying away for your protection." She walked to the fridge and pulled out a pre-cut container of fruit, opening it and setting it in front of Howard. "And Hulk is very fond of Tony."
Steve was about to speak when a sound in the alleyway leading to the street drew his attention. The gate has clanged open, hitting against the metal of its posts. Tony's singing had drawn the attention of someone. A man tumbled out, his long hair and beard scraggly on his face. He was dirty, and his clothes old and worn. Tony was shocked out of his music as the man approached.
Steve let his hands trail down Tony's back, admiring the smooth and toned skin. His abdomen was rock solid, despite his lean frame, and the suit did a good job of hiding his sculpted arms. He ran his hands over Tony's bottom and lifted, bringing the mob boss up and wrapping his legs around his waist. They only ceased kissing for a moment, to readjust themselves, and Steve was stepping back, towards the lounger.
Howard. The crazy lunatic who flew into war zones and smoked expensive cigars, who made jokes at inappropriate times, and just wanted to do the right thing while also having a grand adventure.
Bruce pulled the cart in behind him when they got up to the cash register, plucking things from the cart to put on the belt. "The point," he said with a scolding look in Clint's direction, "is to make the food at home, so we know what's going into it. With any luck, this will solve the problem."
"It has." As Howard stepped toward him, Tony moved away, circling around the room until he was near the door.
"You have a day job?" Pushing away his plate because Coulson had frankly given him too many pancakes, Tony raises an eyebrow. "Wait, the facade of being normal. Never mind."
"Hello, Mr. Stark. My apologies for not speaking with you earlier." Howard's eyes went wide as JARVIS kept talking. "It was never explicitly said that I should not converse with you, but the general consensus seemed to be that I should, as the saying goes, keep my trap shut."
"Oh, for the love of-You're infuriating! Do you know that?!" Her fingers twitched, like she wanted to knock some sense into him, literally.
He's graced with a smile before Steve turns back to the group, lifting his hand up higher. "Many happy returns, my friends.
Steve turned to face Howard, who was looking rather lopsided at him. "All right, time for bed, Howard."
Tony stayed comfortably squashed between his two favorite bookends for a little longer before Rhodey had to leave. He had seen him to the door, watching enviously as the War Machine armor assembled around him. As much as he wanted to escape to the skies, he knew - barring a call to assemble - that he was too emotional to navigate the suit. He could put JARVIS in charge, of course, but half the fun was flying himself.
"That's beside the point," but she was right. That type of dark humor was right up his alley. Usually. "Watch what you say for a few days, Natasha. Tony's not going to be thinking like himself until we get
Steve blinked as Tony's voice faded out at the end of the verse, and he folded the worn dogear of the page back down to where Steve had it. Gently closing the book, he looked up at Steve, his eyes open and wide and bright with unshed tears that Steve hadn't realized had gathered until then. "Rhodey helped me see some things. And I spent the whole way back planning on what I would say to you. But then you quoted Frost, and it kinda threw a wrench in my plans."
He knew his name now, and had the vague memory of his kindness the night before: Tony helping Howard change and get into bed in his drunken state, his soft words… With that in mind, he smiled at him, "I love this camera! It's amazing!"
Being with Tony and living and serving with the Avengers had done wonders to Steve's psyche. It had healed the biggest holes inside of him, but something had still been missing: A way to reach back to his past and relive it through memories. With the Avengers he could only go back so far. Back to when they all first met. And it was nice reliving their moments together, trading stories even though they had all been present. Reminiscing. But each of the Avengers had someone else in their lives to reach further back with. Tony had Rhodey, Natasha and Clint had each other…
It was a perfect release. Throwing his head back, Tony howled, joined a moment later by Clint. Two adult men - superheroes at that - howling at the moon. He was sure the press would have a field day. But rule number one of illegal explosions: Turn off all electronics. Rules numbered two through eight-hundred-and-sixty-four: Don't talk about Fight Club.
At this point, Clint was laughing so hard he had fallen to his knees. Bruce himself was finding it hard to not dissolve into his own fit of giggles. He didn't remember the last time he had so much fun. And the Other Guy had been content to watch. Huh. He'd have to study that.
"I saw it," the voice on the other end of the line spoke as a greeting, "Go, there's nothing important over the next two days anyway. Though, you may want to invest in some bubble wrap."
Natasha made a face, a combination amused and grossed out one, as she slid into the back seat beside Tony. "This whole being close to people thing is getting ridiculous."
"Who's Petra?" He hears the shuffling as Steve moves closer. "He keeps saying that name." The blanket shifts as Steve pulls it higher, adjusting the comforter so he's warm.
It only seemed fitting that it would backfire at some point. Like Midas, his own actions eventually damned him.
on the finer points of lovemaking are intelligent and profound," Steve finished for him. "Lovely. Now let's eat." His face was a nice shade of crimson.
It was also nice to know that Tony had someone to wake up next to. Someone who wouldn't leave in the middle of the night and take his favorite Rolex with them.
"Shield therapist said it would help to channel my anger into something constructive." She said, not looking up from the puzzle.
Tony squeezed his eyes shut for a moment, just trying to catch his breath. When he opened them, the world was a little fuzzy, and he turned to stare out the window, blinking away the warped edges to his vision. It was draped with thick velvet curtains, a deep, rich color, and purple Christmas lights dangling along the folds. Outside, save for the sporadic slowing of a passerby, the suits stood silent and tall, like golems. Beyond, he studied the busyness of Hempstead Turnpike, the light down the road going from red to green. The lights in front of the fire station flashing yellow.
I love him. This me, right now. This Howard loves him. They say there's no explanation for a parent's love, and I swore off children years ago, but I swear to you Steve, if he were to be born tomorrow for me, in 1961, I would love him fiercely.
"Me too," she agreed, taking the steps two at a time. They walked through the main concourse of Penn and took the escalators up to street level, emerging onto the 34th Avenue side and heading left to her favorite hot dog vendor. "Should we get enough for everyone?"
Steve was in the living room as Rhodey and Tony landed, a small bubble of happiness that Tony was able to go flying a welcome reprieve from everything that he had been feeling. All the anger at himself and Howard, at Nat… Even some at Tony for breaking up with him and leaving him alone to wallow in his own guilt. He felt so twisted up inside with an ache that prior to the serum would have had him panicking that he was sick again. It was confusing and yet so clear.
Howard shrugged with one shoulder, his face screwing into a frown. He was disappointed, upset, and it was gathering under his facade. "They were supportive, I think. At least Natasha was. Clint was friendly, but I could tell he was on the fence. Until last night that is."
Tony raises his eyebrows, surprised and a bit impressed. "That's...that was really nice of you. Did it make you feel better?"
He wiggled, trying to escape as Steve dug his fingers into his ribs, "Ack! No! Stop!" Laughing hard, he finally wormed his way out of Steve's grip, and took off down the hallway, sliding into the kitchen and colliding with Clint. "Sorry!" Clint looked equal parts annoyed and amused as he steadied Tony enough that the genius was able to vault himself over a stool and vanish into the living room and behind the sofa.
"Cross my heart, Stark. I'll finish it." Steve moved to the door. "Get ready for bed and I'll text you if the coast is clear. We've been lucky so far. We should be more diligent."
"I can see that," Tony gestured to the eye chart, chuckling. "How long have you planned this?" He slipped his glasses down his nose, squinting at the chart.
"It's God awful. Can I say that now, or is this like a thing? No more using the Lord's name in vain." Tony holds up the packet, "Because this is awful. But, when she kicks the bucket, Megan from my marketing team is fantastic. You should recruit her."
It's just like Steve. His heart is so big and full; it doesn't matter that he'll be cold on the way back. If there's a chance someone less fortunate is able to snag themselves something warm, Steve would give up everything he had on. He's the type of person to mourn someone he barely knew, to take the weight of the world on his shoulders, and carry it with no complaints. He's a man far better than anyone Tony has ever met. And no one, not even Obie when Tony was growing up, held the amount of admiration Tony has for Steve.
"Requests. Listen, I only got about ten minutes." Standing, he stepped annoyingly over Steve and righted the desk chair, sitting in it and scrolling through what Steve had already written. "I saw this porn recently, where the guy was sitting in the top's lap, like facing him? And he was fucking him so hard the bottom was digging his nails into his back and leaving marks. It was hot. You could totally have Steve do that to Tony."
Together with dark boots, his hair gelled into a mussed but stylish form, and a spritz of his favorite Jean Paul Gaultier cologne, Tony was ready. Or as ready as he could be, with his heart pounding and his palms cold with sweat.
This revelation would be so beautiful had he not also realized that Tony could never feel the same way. He could never return that love and devotion. He could never cup Steve's face and tell him he has beautiful eyes.
"Pauper's grave. In the Bronx. I couldn't afford it at the time to bury her right. Now I don't know where she's at on that island up there, nothing I can fucking do." He paused, looking at Steve with a deep wisdom. "When ya ma goes, don't spare any expense, you listening?"
Clint was already back into the refrigerator, gathering lettuce, tomatoes, cucumbers, really any vegetable he could find that he wouldn't mind eating raw.
That got Bruce's attention. "You know what? Yes. Yes, I want to blow something up. I'm trapped here or in my room until Howard vanishes back into the abyss, and you know what? I would
Steve wore dress pants and a fitted collared shirt in a color Tony swore was created to match his eyes. He looked so nice, so dang respectable, that Tony actually felt a twinge of guilt at the thoughts running through his head (mainly Steve's tongue).
Steve was finally able to corral him back into his arms, and Tony, well, Tony just melted. "Okay, so he knows now. We'll deal with it."
"I'll pass on that," he laughed, pulling plates from the cupboard. He set them on the table just as Thor knocked at his door. With a grin firmly in place, determined to keep this as light as he could, he swung open the door and pointed right in Thor's face. "You disgust me."
Most of the Avengers merchandise in the tower he had bought; it had seemed so funny at the time. But gazing down at the ridiculous mug in the cool light of a March morning, his father asleep in the next room… It all felt so trivial. There were real problems in the world. And he was a lost and damaged man just trying to wade through it.
"It's nothing, Howard, come on," Steve steered him, turning into the room and pressing him to sit on the bed.
But another pinch at his derriére sent Tony forwards and into Steve's side with one more rather unmanly sound. "Tony, what's going on?"
"Get your booger picking finger out of my face!" Blowing through his lips as if he could create enough wind to send Clint's hand away from him, Tony tried really hard not to laugh.
Howard wasn't just a bad father. He neglected Tony. Had physically hurt him as well, if Clint was reading the situation correctly, and that meant that
"That's the point, Steven," he pulled back to say, his hand pumping in place of his mouth, "this is about you right now." Steve had no answer. He fell back against the bed as Tony took him in his mouth again, hips rocking gently as he was brought to the brink and pushed over, crying out as he came down Tony's throat.
"Who knows what I would've been had it not been for the family money. I'm just trying to even the score."
"I thought the salad tossing was supposed to be left to you two!" Bending over slightly, Howard shook his hands through his hair like a wild dog, sending bits of carrots and celery everywhere.
But Steve couldn't hold on. It was too perfect, too all encompassing, and he came, shooting himself inside of Tony, his hips seizing and jolting with the power of his orgasm, but that was what Tony needed.
Tony grins. Standing in the center of the room is his mentor. Coulson is average looking with a friendly face, his black suit nondescript and his wings clean and gently folded at his back. He has a full head of black hair and grey eyes. "Coulson it is. And you can call me Tony."
Michael smiles and kisses his forehead. "I'm not supposed to have favorites, you know. But you've always fascinated me."
But when they were alerted to an attack in Savannah, Georgia, the team left him behind, JARVIS agreeing and locking down the suits. He screamed. He yelled. He threw a total fit that exhausted him to the point that once they left, he fell asleep on the couch, his fists still clenched in anger.
Tony's eyes, dark as they were, had never been quite so dim. In the diminishing light of the evening as he struggled to sit up in bed and take the tray of food, his eyes flickered up to meet Steve's. Vantablack. That's what Steve saw. Black holes that swallowed the light. Rimmed with a pale shade of red from the tears he’d forced back and packaged with bags below them. Large eyes, round and doll-like, beautiful in their unusual shape, with his long lashes and impish gleam. Their fans could write poems about them and often did. Steve wondered what their admirers would say if they could see Tony's eyes at that moment.
"I mean-" Fury sat on the couch and patted the seat next to him for Howard, "-that time travel is tricky. And what has happened has already happened."
"I'll get you a damn fountain if you can do this!" Fury exclaimed, "I'll put a fucking palm tree in there."
He took her hand, using his other to wipe the drop of blood from the corner of her mouth. "You don't gotta worry no more, Ma. We're going to Arizona."
"Shut up, Steven." Tony mumbled, passing under the arch and entering. He was at once faced with a wall, open on either end to the room behind it, the large expanse covered in another mosaic, this time, one of the Chitauri ships. In bold letters were the words:
Steve was in the process of pouring himself a glass of milk when that last one stopped him. "Shopping?"
Leaping from the awning and landing on the sidewalk, Steve gave the dragon a wide berth, his eyes taking in every detail he could, searching for hidden hands or feet of civilians who may have been missed. Taking off up the street toward a cafe where he saw moving shadows in the dim light, Steve heard the repulsors of the Iron Man armor charging up and firing and the steady beat of the weapons on board the quinjet blaring off. He risked a glance behind him, happy to see Tony far from the dragon's reach, hovering and firing blast after blast.
"Shut up, I'm hungry." The waiter returned with their drinks, and they thanked him, Clint transferring his straw and plucking the celery out to take a bite. "Do we just tell them? I mean, how long can this go on?"
Quietly, Tony looks down at his feet, trying not to stumble as they make their way across East 42nd. He is unsure of how to answer. This whole conversation is out of his comfort zone, but that doesn't lessen its importance. "No," he says at long last as they cross over 5th Avenue, "you're absolutely right. In a utopian world, that's how it would have happened, but just because it didn't doesn't mean it's in any way your fault. Steve," Tony sighs and rubs his gloved hand over his face, his cold nose sniffling a little with the chill, "You're a good man. A great one. You're an amazing team leader, a legitimate superhero, and you possess the qualities that people look for in a true role model. You go at it every day with nothing but your best, and you have no ego about it.
He considered it his greatest mission to find Steve again. But Tony remembered him looking until the day Howard died, regardless of whatever this was, he didn't have any memory of it. Which was good, but also problematic.
"And your virtue?" Howard teased, refilling his own glass with a can of Pepsi. "Whatever  happened to that?"
) as he spoke of the more severe, alcohol induced beatings and Jesus fucking Christmas. Howard knew he was a lot of things. Smart, annoying, driven,
"I sent them to cool off their tempers." Hand out, Thor called Mjölnir to him. "I do not know where it is that they went."
"You go to church on Sunday, you listening? You tell that priest. I don't know what you did, Stevie, but I know it ain't good. You save your soul, boy." It was too many words at once, and her next bout of coughing exhausted her. When he finally laid her back in the bed after gently thumping her between her shoulder blades, she fell asleep almost right away.
Steve, looking so dejected and forlorn, clashes hard with the warmth Tony is trying to soak up through his own cable knit sweater. It's been rough on all of them lately, but if there's one thing Tony is trying to learn, it's to take happiness where you can. Despite the nightmares and the sleepless tossing and turning in his bed, Tony is trying, for once in his life, just to let it be. He fails, more often than not; he is a work in progress, he knows. But it's still progress.
Finally he crawled back to Steve, who still sat pretzeled on the floor, tucking his cock away. Steve gently kissed his head, pride swelling at how incredible his boyfriend was and tugged him into his lap, letting Tony curl up against him.
The thoughts from the day before were tripping through his mind. Stumbling over new information and banging into walls. He had known this. Ignored it, but had known. Tony was his
Further down showed Tony, surrounded by journalists, trying to escape them and failing, Natasha hiding from several imposing men and woman in suits, Thor looking sadly at his brother while handcuffing him, Steve looking confusedly at a marquee with fans pointing, and Clint walking fast from a hot dog cart, shoving the food into his mouth with one hand as he took a pen from a little boy asking for an autograph.
"So, you woke me up, got me all hard and happy, and what? You're just going to leave a guy hanging?"
angel. I know what you like, just like you know what I like." Steve sat up just enough to kiss Tony's forehead. "We're meant, doll. That's all there is to it."
Steve visibly moaned, "That's...that's so sexy." He closed his eyes, imagining. "Not tonight, but fuck, I want to use them on you."
"It's meant to be." Michael straightens up, showing Tony with his body language how serious this part is. "Every day, the demons of Hell are trying to thin the numbers of The Protectors. They don't have as much of a shot in dragging people to Hell with guardian angels on earth.  But they can abduct an Angel's spirit as it ascends if it's not on some form of holy ground."
"Fuck!" It was too sudden, the separation too final. There was no chance at a proper goodbye. Tony stuffed his bag with bundles of money, shoving as many as he could into the folds, and taking three and handing them to Steve.
So he did. He crooked his finger and pressed it against that same spot, eyes widening in lust as Tony's head thrashed from side to side, his hips beginning to undulate. "Oh, fuck, that feels so fucking good. Oh, Jesus, Mary, and Joseph! Just fuck me already!"
Confused, Howard moved to stand, unfolding his legs and pushing off the bed. "That sounds like a good thing. But I'm pretty sure that's changed several times since you were sixteen."
Groaning, Tony pushed a finger inside himself, working hard to ignore his cock for the time being. He used the tip of his middle finger to flit about, moving it like it was a tongue. His hips began to undulate, the feeling of something so teasingly close to his prostate sending sparks through his vision.
A real smile fell across Tony's face as warm affection and appreciation for Rhodey wrapped around him like a towel fresh from the dryer after running in the rain. "Lay off my brownie, you pig!"
"To make it right?" He moved further into the room, his feet sliding cautiously against the linoleum. "How can I make something right that I haven't done yet? Unless you mean when I go back?"
After the third camera flash in his face, Tony turned to face Steve, attempting to hide who he was, at least no one had said anything.
Natasha waved her hand, dismissing them both. "Regardless, this has been going on for months. I say we drug him and dump him at the emergency room."
all that much help." He pulled her briefcase toward him, plucking the file on top of the orderly pile. "Tour contracts, did you say?"
Shaking his head, Bruce put the smaller and more expensive package into the cart. "You pay for the better stuff."
His head hurt. He was thinking in circles, not coming up with any sort of conclusion. Just rambling on and on as guilt gnawed at his insides. Drinking coffee like it was going out of style while his stomach churned with resentment at his own future actions and hunger. God, was he hungry. The greasy and delicious smelling breakfast sandwiches Natasha had brought up for him sat uneaten in the refrigerator, growing cold. He couldn't bring himself to eat. Couldn't bring himself to leave the guest room for longer than it took to refill his mug with coffee from the machine that never seemed to be empty.
"The whole island is. You won't find it on any map. Think of Valinor from Tolkien's mythology. Only those who know where to find it...can." Relaxing a little, Coulson leans back, his wings spreading ever so slightly to accommodate him. "Angels need vacations too, you know. We can burn out like any human. There are resorts and hidden land all over the earth that's just for us. They are all employed by retired angels who got bored and needed something to do." At Tony's incredulous look, he explains, "When you spend hundreds of years working, retiring to Heaven can be a bit mundane. Some stay forever, some come for a time and then leave again, others still opt to find new work at the resorts or just live out their lives in their shells, switching and moving every fifty years or so. It's entirely up to the individual."
"No frills, I respect that." Opening the fridge, he finally answered her previous question. "Natasha is hunting down the book I used to get here, Clint is at SHIELD looking through their archives for information, and Bruce, Steve, and
Uncomfortable with such praise from an archangel, Tony shifts in his seat and changes the course of the conversation. "Favorite or not, why a guardian angel for me? I've been called selfish. Narcissistic? A complete asshole—and I'm sorry for saying the word asshole. And I'm sorry for saying it again."
But the thought of submitting to Steve was tantalizing as well. Being used by him, a fuck toy. Open and willing to accept every drop of come.
I truly hope everyone enjoyed this! I may be persuaded into writing a sequel one day, or at least a series of one-shots. We shall see shall!
Waking up to the news of yet another attack on New York and Tony getting knocked around was starting to get a little old. Rhodey sighed, anxiety clutching at his stomach, and dropped his fork back onto his breakfast plate. "Damn it, Tones." As he dialed his superior's number, he rewound the DVR and watched as the tail swiped out again and again, slamming into the Iron Man armor and sending Tony tumbling back to the streets.
"Good night!" Steve said instead of responding, taking Tony's bicep and leading him to the elevator. The genius stumbled a bit before catching his feet and trailing after him, not like he had a choice.
A sound escaped Tony's throat. It was awful to hear, landing somewhere between a sob and a yell, and he was gone, just as he had the day before. Racing down the hallway until Howard heard the slam of a door echoing through the hallway.
"Tony. It's not okay ever. People don't get to just touch you because you're rich and famous." Steve said, his eyes still furious.
Tony's mouth is open in a little 'o.' He blinks and pulls his phone from his pocket. "I dropped it in the airport, and it got run over by a tram. I didn't know." The phone in his hand is dark and shattered.
It was the wrong thing to say. Tony knew Rhodey figured that out as soon as the words left his mouth, but Tony was the one who had brought Steve up. Rhodey couldn't blame himself for that. "Hey, don't worry about it." Tony looked down, unable to face what he knew was an open and honest expression across his best friend's features. "It's fine, really. Let's order."
So what if Steve loves him back? It's still a supremely bad idea. This won't end well. It can't end well. That's no way he can be what Steve needs, he's not that guy. He's selfish and crass, nothing but trouble. He'll only hurt Steve. Jesus, he
Bruce paused, his hand in mid-air to hit the button outside the elevator. "I'm not, I guess, I don't know. I'm not used to being a hero yet."
Smiling widely, Steve led him from the office, "It seems you're in luck. Your new boyfriend has a connection at this great optometrist office."
"What am I? A little girl?" He spat out, furiously wiping his eyes. "Three times in one day, for real?"
Stepping around Tony, Steve opens the cupboards and pulls out a bag of dried black beans, "Since I doubt you have coal here…"
"Of course, Tony." She kissed his cheek and stood. "I'll call you tomorrow morning. I have to go down to the office. Unless you want to come with." It was an invitation to talk, and she had left the ball in Tony's court to make the decision if he wanted to talk privately or not.
The blond reared back slightly at that, looking concerned. "Why did you need comforting?" Steve asked, his brow furrowing. He eyes flitted over Tony's face, searching for an answer.
"I never saw the appeal. PB&Js are where it's at. Have some fruit," he coaxed, pushing the bowl filled with apple, pear, and orange slices closer to Tony.
"But I also think if you don't let yourself heal, you'll never be able to let yourself be happy with Steve."
But in the low light of a winter evening, he didn't see Steve staring at him with dark eyes, his neck flushed, and a bulge in his pants.
"That makes two of us." Coulson's whole body shifts into something a little less professional. "I died in late 1144, by contracting hypothermia from saving three soldiers from a river surged with flood waters…"
"Without that armor, without his quick and sacrificial thinking, that bomb would have gone off, and everyone would be dead. Including Steve. And then you never would have come to the future at all." She handed him a knife and another cutting board. "Cut those cucumbers. I'll wash the lettuce."
"Whatever," she smirked, signaling the waiter. "Can we get another round, please?" When he left to head to the bar to refill their drinks, she looked back her phone, reading the text from Tony again. "Do you think he's in denial?"
Her phone beeped the incoming message and she called out to him through the doorway, "Steve's cooking for the two of them, think he wants to keep Tony away."
Reaching down, he cupped his testicles, rolling them softly and groaning. Steve's hand could cover them completely, wrap around them, stroke them carefully, or tug on them wantonly, stopping Tony from coming, edging him.
Jarvis paused, and his electronic voice was gentle and paternal when he spoke again. "Captain Rogers loves you. That much I know. Excuse me, sir, for being frank, but if he denies you, he's an absolute imbecile."
His phone sounded, the text alert cutting off whatever she was going to say next. Unashamedly, she picked up his cell and read the text. "Bruce says breakfast is ready."
looking at Tony, "I came across an obscure farmer's almanac. It's in disagreement with what is on record weather-wise the day the plane went down. Which means—"
"Yes and no." He stepped into the room, hands deep within the pockets of the - were those Tony's? - jeans he was wearing. "I started putting the pieces together yesterday. Tony told me this morning."
There were issues. The government demanding the spell book.  People harassing Howard, not believing he was who he said he was. Steve knew there were more instances like those in the future, but for that moment? They were good.
In the end, Thor didn't need to electrocute him. The man heard the words and gave himself up. If only the whole battle were that easy. As Natasha and Clint crudely bandaged what was left of his arm and led him to the quinjet, Steve sat in the back of an ambulance, watching with unveiled worry as paramedics checked Tony's ribs. Howard sat at the curb, feet on the ground and knees bent, his arms hanging over them. When he looked up, Steve caught his eyes and nodded.
"Likewise, I'm sure," he smirked in answer, sitting on the stool next to his Mass Spec. "The DNA is a paternal match. It's Howard Stark. In the flesh."
Bruce gave a long suffering sigh, "You know. The usual. Desperately grasping at any levity he can find. Joking around, making inappropriate jokes about his and Steve's sex life, not mentioning the giant elephant in the room…"
"I was thinking," Joseph starts, "of having Philip mentor him." Michael looks confused, but Joseph holds his hand up, "No one knows that Anthony Stark is dead. Except for us."
He latched onto Tony's neck, sucking the skin, moving his body so the thrusts were deep, his hands moving to cup Tony's face, so pressed against him they felt like one person.
come a long way. This was incredibly saccharine, but he couldn't help but agree, and he felt a sweep of pride for his friend. This wasn't some ploy for information, it wasn't an assigned mission. This was just Nat, thinking about someone she cared for, and wanting to help in any way she could.
Steve winked at Howard. "Maybe!" he chirped, covering up Howard's unease. Reaching out, he pinched Tony's butt, earning him an undignified squawk and effectively moving the room's attention from Howard to Tony.
"You said that yesterday," Natasha spoke, taking another bite of apple, but still not looking away from Steve.
"Gang’s all here!" Natasha called out from the kitchen where Clint and Bruce waited. Thor looked sheepish behind Tony.
"Fantastic," he grumbled, watching as she left. As an afterthought, he called out, "And I love him for it!"
As they slowed to a stop, Tony took hold of Steve's hands again, bringing first his left up to kiss, then his right. As he pulled it away, a flash of red caught his attention. "What's this?"
The movement was enough to knock some of the wind from Howard's sails. He meagerly pointed, "Kitchen. I mean, the room off the kitchen."
"Oh yeah. Of course. I always take the subway. I know about about the subway. Public transit. Sure thing."
After she left him alone, he wandered the living room, picking up one of the tablet things Natasha had confiscated the night before. If she didn't want him on it, she shouldn't have left them out.
"I, uh, did a test for Nat. Results came back." Bruce said, eyeing the paper just in case he got something wrong (he didn't).
He stepped away from the door, shedding his button-down shirt as he did so. Tony was in the hallway and off came his pants. At the door, there went his undershirt. His hearing picked up the turn of the knob, and Steve shucked his boxers. As soon as Tony was in the room, he had him against the wall, lifting him and attacking his lips. Tony moaned, wrapping his legs around Steve's bare body.
But still, sometimes they missed it. The attention could be fun, and the perks even better. Faster seating at the most expensive restaurants, cutting the line at clubs, and being showered with gifts everywhere they went.
His fight with Steve didn't help. Not that Tony was good at talking things out, but the two of them had barely made up. Instead, they had knowingly pushed it aside for the bigger concern: Tony telling Howard.
"There's a chance it will die down enough if we're truthful. Howard could lead a definitively normal life after that." Standing, Bruce moved toward the kitchen. "I'm going to start dinner. I'm not sure how much more I can add here, and it's getting late."
slid down the neck of the dying dragon and brandished a crossbow at Tony, who had stupidly exited his suit. "Jesus."
Though the helicopter is loud, Tony is glad to hear it. He leans against Rhodey, drinking in every detail of his best friend. Knowing how close to being separated for an indeterminate amount of time they were, and after already spending three months not knowing if Rhodey had died in the attack, Tony is just really, really happy to be with him. Rhodey doesn't seem to mind at all. He puts his arm around Tony's shoulder and pulls him close, his body still shaking from the adrenaline of finding him. It's too noisy for words, but they don't need them. Forgoing protocol, Rhodey has removed his helmet, and he lays his head against Tony's. None of the other servicemen pay them any mind; they're content to let two best friends have their moment.
Taking the ball from Dum-E's outstretched claw, Howard tossed it from one hand to the other before flinging it across the room. "Steve's okay with me now?"
Steve tightened his hold on Tony but said nothing. He could talk about it with Tony later on, but he at least could let Rhodey have his word. No matter how wrong it was. Because no way in hell did Howard deserve even an ounce of pity. He didn't deserve redemption or a second chance or-
"Howard-" Tony faltered, "-I mean, uh, dad?" Unconsciously, he stepped back, out of arm's reach. "I need to tell you something."
But she was also the only female superhero, surrounded by good men, but men all the same. She longed for girlfriends and brunches and clothes swapping over boxed wine and Wal-Mart cheese. Pepper had become the closest she had to a female companion, but even then, it was completely different. Pepper ran a Fortune 500 company. Pepper was an adult businesswomen, well on her way up the societal ladder. They could
Natasha smacked Clint's back, pointing in his face as a warning, before leaving the room. "I'll call you later, Pepper, have to head downtown."
Tony handed Steve a plate with four of the hot dogs on it. "That's okay. JARVIS will have saved our spot. We can finish it later."
song you've recorded thus far for the new album. Let me hear them, and I'll let you know if they fit." Tugging a business card from her suit jacket, she handed it to Clint, lightly brushing his hand and suppressing a shiver (
She glared at him, narrowing her eyes and leaning in threateningly. She knew that he understood she would never intentionally hurt him, but reminding him that she could went a long way sometimes. "I never wanted this family, but I sure as hell will protect it."
Swallowing, Steve arranged his features into something he hoped was a positive expression. "I love you too, Tones. Get some sleep."
Sitting on the bed, Tony reached for his sneakers, looking up at Rhodey with a hopeful face, "Where you lead I will follow?"
"I don't mean that." Steve felt a small smidgen of guilt prick at his chest as Howard retreated back into the bathroom. He pushed it back down. "I mean right now. Here. Don't hurt him. He plays aloof well, but he's always seeking validation. You hurt him, and I swear, Howard, me punching you is the least of your worries."
So Tony sat at one of his work stations, staring blankly at his screens, his mind a rotating Ferris wheel of what Thor had said and all things Steven Rogers. The whirring of Dum-E and the subsequent poke to his side brought him back to reality.
Shucking off his suit jacket, Tony interrupts him. "I know, it's okay. We have a lot to discuss; just wait until Philip is gone."
Steve tries again, but still he can't put a voice to what he needs to say. So, he just keeps hugging Tony and doesn't say that he loves him.
He was knocked out of his thoughts - quite literally - by the dragon's tail, swiping sideways and taking Steve's feet from under him. He landed hard on his side and, in one fluid movement, sent his shield flying. It landed with his usual accuracy and boomeranged back to him - thank heaven for small miracles! - but the nick on the side of the dragon only angered it more.
"Guess it's been a day, hasn't it, Stevie?" Howard slurred, looking up at him, "You really hate me?"
The mood sobered, Clint finding himself embarrassed at causing such a scene. "We're taking care of him."
"What's your point, Howard?" Steve asked miserably. The hollow ache he was feeling was growing stronger again. Lifting his palm, he rubbed at his chest, too exhausted to continue to care about anything other than his own heartbreak. Howard's apology dripped down onto him like a man caught unaware without his umbrella. He was already wet - what were a few more droplets?
"Steve!" Tony cried out, he tried to slip off his lap but was restrained by the tight hold on his hip. He gave up, hiding his face as the door opened and groaning as Steve rubbed back and forth over his sweet spot.
No one could replace Bucky. And for that, a hole lived inside of Steve that couldn't be patched up. It sat there, big and empty, taking up space.
Howard's face paled, and he stumbled backwards until his knees hit the edge of the couch, sinking down. He couldn't meet Steve's eyes. "I know. Which is why I need your help. Anything, Steve, do you hear me? Anything I can do to ease the hurt I caused." He floundered for a moment, mouth opening and closing with all the words he needed to say but couldn't. "I will be that man. But not yet." Swallowing, he finally lifted his eyes to connect with Steve's. "So, this is my only shot at being the father I could have been."
"My little slut." Steve growled, landing a smack on Tony's cheek, grinning at the ripple of skin. "Such a whore. Tell me. Are you my little whore?"
One of the things Tony appreciated the most about the god was his remarkable ability to not beat around the bush (which was another saying Thor had picked up on.). He didn't sugar coat; he didn't try to save anyone's feelings. He was honest, and it was to Tony the greatest kindness.
They laughed, James toasting Tony with his teacup, "That they did, Tonio, that they did!" He was referring to the last batch of naysayers, just the week before, who had tried to usurp the half-Sicilian. Tony had taken care of it. Had them gutted from navel to nose and hung from the lines outside the precinct. A warning, he had said, to the rest.
"I liked you holding me. I didn't think I could have both." Looking down at the blankie, he runs his hands over it again. "Can I have both?"
"Yeah, it is." They stayed just like that for a long while. Each fitting comfortably against the other, and basking in the warmth and the closeness, Tony humming softly a tune Steve didn't recognize. It was slow and sweet.
"Okay!" Natasha exclaimed, clapping her hands together once, startling them. "Let's go food shopping!" She
That drew a laugh from Steve, and he pulled off Tony's boxers and pajamas in one motion, dropping his head down to take him into his mouth. Tony keened, hands going to Steve's hair, head pressed back against the bed. Steve brought him to the brink before backing off, watching as Tony's head thrashed back and forth, and dipping down to do it again. Teasing and teasing until Tony's body shook under his palms, and he was almost sobbing with need.
Slowly, Howard dropped his head, his gaze falling to the floor in between Tony's feet. He was defeated, that's what he was. He was defeated, and he was underwater.
Loki. And his father, Odin. He had witnessed first-hand the damage a parent could inflict, whether intentional or not.
She had watched as he finally found a partner he could grow old with, as he learned to deal with his PTSD and mental illness, and as he stabilized his life.
"It was on MY chair." And Tony spun away from Steve with a ridiculous flourish, like he had just won some great battle of wits (he didn't.). "Coffee?” He cringed as the thumping grew louder. “Also, that's not annoying at all."
Tony's right hand was pressed against his chin in agitation. He rocked side to side in the swivel chair, trading glances with Bruce who sat next to him.
Michael looks sad. "I know. You never got the love you deserved from your father. I'm sorry for that."
This Howard was around his own age. It was bizarre to think about. This Howard would know nothing of Tony for almost ten years. This Howard was free of the burden of a tiny, inquisitive, genius child. A boy whose brains outweighed his own.
Three weeks later, Tony has put some weight back on, if only to keep Steve's concern at bay. He makes himself eat and retire to his rooms each night for a proper sleep on a proper bed. It's just after midnight, and Tony lies on his side, blankets up around his shoulders, staring out into the Manhattan night.
"What do you see in him anyway?" The man spoke again, encroaching Tony's personal space in the worst way possible.
"Children!" Steve jokingly chided, amused that this was his life now. Father and son they may be, but the closeness in age and the unique circumstances of their meeting meant they bickered more like two brothers. The relationship between Steve and Howard was also much different. Tony had fallen asleep, head in Steve's lap, more than once in the previous four months when the two ended up staying up late talking about the war, and the Howling Commandos, and Peggy, and everything they had missed. Howard filled Steve in on details of the sixteen years Howard had experienced without him. Things textbooks and the History Channel documentaries couldn't know. There was a quiet peace between them, underscored by their humor and goofiness when an abandoned prank war started again between the two.
She moved to the next one, Steve Rogers: another lead. Tall and handsome with the body of an Adonis. Not a single negative thing in his file save for his robust activism concerning homeless veterans. Former soldier in the Gulf War, discharged honorably after two years. Went into music for some reason. "Steve," he shook her hand with a bright smile, all teeth, and sweetness. He had the golden voice, melodic and full, like honey on ice cream. Also unattached romantically, though he had a fling with a model named Peggy two years prior. No children.
He glanced at Rhodey and froze at the incredible love he saw reflecting in his best friend's eyes. This man who was saddled with a 14 year old child simply by luck of the drawing system of the dorms, who didn't need to befriend him, didn't have to like him at all, but instead stepped into the shoes of caregiver, protector, and big brother. He took Tony under his wing and never left his side.
"Nonsense," she dismissed, turning to face him. "If this is about Steve punching you, I think he's gotten it out of his system. Besides, I'm pretty sure Tony chewed him out for it."
" And Rhodey nodded. Mission accomplished for now. They had brought Tony back from the edge together. Again.
"So that's it? You don't need me." His voice flat, Tony turned towards the elevator, but Steve grabbed his arm.
"Not only that!" It was Clint, and Tony hadn't even seen him enter the kitchen. "But have a looky!" Leaning past Steve and Tony, he flipped all the cabinets open, ignoring Steve's face at the chaos of it all. "You are officially stocked with all sorts of goodies! Gluten free pasta, cookies, breakfast snacks, a year's worth of K-Toos and Tates, by the way, you're welcome for that one." Tony beamed at him. The cabinets were indeed stocked full of things Tony could safely consume. Clint grabbed a box of the vanilla sandwich cookies and opened it, offering them to Tony, who took one and shoved it into his mouth. Clint did the same, chewing around his grin.
"No, you're right." He shifted in Steve's arms, turning his body so he could lay his back against him. "You've been quiet," he said to Steve, looking up over his shoulder at him. "Care to weigh in?"
voice in the back of his mind telling him that they may succeed in that regardless. Which meant he had to be prepared for it to happen, and leaving without giving Tony
"Mister Stark, welcome back." There's no preamble. She holds his chin and shines a pen light into his eyes. He jerks, but she's determined. Nodding, she turns to his monitors. "Everything looks good. Your teammates have just stepped out. I'm sure they'll be back soon."
"I'm saying-" Fury's face was open and honest, and Tony didn't know how he felt about that, "-that we control the outcome of the narrative. This is what we have to work with, we play the cards we're dealt."
Two days later and it was Bruce calling Tony, interrupting his marathon work session in the workshop and smugly speaking. "There's another story up. Guess what it's about?"
"All my info is in there. Right. Good! Very proactive meeting, boys, now let's see The Avengers back on the top of the marquee!" They winced.
Steve complied, pressing his fingers into it and rubbing back and forth. Tony gasped, his arms flailing out to grip the bed and his hips lifting, trying to hump himself on the digits, to get more of that amazing pressure on the gland.
Tony woke up cold and alone. He shivered and pulled the blankets up, blindly reaching out to Steve's side of the bed, even though he already knew he wasn't there. Steve had become such a constant in his life that it was almost instinctual to reach for him.
"You came to see Steve," she said, clasping her hands in front of her. "Bit off more than you could chew?"
Tony whined and moaned, his back arching with the overstimulation as Steve pumped his fingers in and out, rubbing Tony’s overworked prostate and smearing his come all around Tony's insides. Pulling free, he examined his fingers. "Next time, I'll clean you up with my tongue." Tony shivered at the promise, looking over his shoulder at him with heavy lidded eyes.
She appreciated the attempt to get her to smile, but the sinking feeling in her stomach wouldn't dissipate. Something bad was coming.
Steve was striding across the room, a file in his hand, as Rhodey entered. "You know," he laughed softly as he caught sight of him, "you're supposed to wait until someone answers the door before walking in."
A knock on the door startled them both. As Tony moved to lift himself from Steve's lap, he heard him ask calmly but curtly, "Did I say you could move?"
Sitting up, Tony placed a chaste kiss to Steve's lips and swung his feet off his lap. "Okay, enough babying me."
"Think I can come up with something," Thor said. "Let me have fifteen in the next room." He stood, picking up the sheet music. Pepper nodded and swivelled back around, hitting the playback for Bruce.
The door opened, and Steve felt the cool breeze from the early April air. He looked up as they entered and found Tony watching him. Shifting uneasily in his seat, Steve swallowed.
Mulling over his closet, Tony fingered one of his best suits. But Steve wouldn't like that, would he? He preferred the more casual Tony, had basically said as much himself. Instead, he pulled out a pair of his best fitted jeans, dark blue and tight enough to hug the curve of his ass, and a red t-shirt with the Aerosmith logo on it. The shirt fit perfectly, dipped enough in the waist to show off Tony's lean and sculpted body, the sleeves the right length to enhance his strong arms. And he looked fucking fantastic in red, everyone told him so.
Tony's body trembled as he first moved to Clint, kissing him deeply, letting Barton suck his on good bottom lip, causing Tony to moan, his spent dick twitching, then over to Thor, who wrapped his arms around him to bend him back, kissing him so hard his toes curled.
Steve sighed and hit the button for the penthouse. "Natasha, Clint, and even our resident homebody, Bruce, went to the grocery store."
"And Steve?" She said, raising her eyebrows and rocking her head forwards, her body language screaming DUH in stereo.
Tony hugs him back fiercely, something inside telling him that he wouldn't be seeing Yinsen again for a long time and that this moment is a gift to them both. A chance to say a proper goodbye. "Go," he says, his voice thick, "you deserve to be with them. You deserve Heaven."
Clint waved his hand, dismissing the insult. "Seriously, though. This could all be over if Steve grew a pair."
I'd like to take a moment to once again thank my betas, Rachel and Lan, and my cheer readers, Wilmakins and Jarisalive, and all of you who supported this and read it!
He laughed, looking as innocent as he could -- which he was well aware he could pull off far too effortlessly -- and shoved the text back to Hill. "Don't make fun of me; I'm deaf."
Mothers. It had to be about mothers. He thought of his own, long dead, forced into prostitution when he was born and killed by her own john. What he wouldn't give to have been able to save her. His good-for-nothing father still somewhere out there, living his life like Maria Randazzo never existed. It made him sick with anger.
That brought a laugh out of Tony. "Ass backwards, but I'm all for it." Wiggling his butt just a little, he demanded, "So, get on with it already!"
"Honestly?" Clint shrugged, leaning forward to grab a yellow pad with his scratchy handwriting on it, "After we had sent him back."
"Oh, darling, don't you want to hear about how Steve and I barely left the bed yesterday?" Grinning wider as Steve turned to snort at him over his shoulder, Tony laid the clothing on the bed and chuckled at Bruce's sputtering.
"Howard!" Steve had been in the process of pulling the blankets over himself and his lover, kneeling above her. The shock caused him to flail out, his knee slipping as he lost his balance, and crashing down on top too quickly for Howard to see a face. "What are you doing?!" His face was red from the prior exertion of the sex, drops of sweat catching on the blankets he was hastily pulling up to cover whoever she was. He hovered, his body leaned slightly to the left to shield Howard's view and his arms braced in front of her face.
Tony's mouth fell open then turned up into a smile. He wasn't even ashamed as he launched himself into Steve's arms. "You're home!"
Howard's voice piped up by the door of the guest room. "If you don't mind, I'll just take mine in here."
He was pretty sure she could tell he was uncomfortable, but she made no move to call him out on it. "Come on, Joey, let's head home. Daddy is waiting for us!"
"We all are, Steve." Natasha's voice is close. He feels a hand on his forehead. It feels nice, but wrong. Strange. Unfamiliar.
Howard groaned. "Somehow that's not comforting. Not that there's still some negative bull in me, but that it's mostly sunny, positive crap." He looked at Steve sheepishly. "Sometimes, you need a bad mood to feel better."
Tony's voice was impossibly small when he spoke; he was still wrapped up in Steve's arms, his face half hidden.
"So it's like the blind leading the blind?" Rhodey sighed, pinching the bridge of his nose. He hadn't always been so supportive of the relationship. Steve was like a thorn in his side for a time.
Tony smirked, and let his face fall into one of ecstasy, dropping his head back and rolling his hips, back arching off the bed. He let out an exaggerated moan, pulling some of Steve's spend up to drag along his length. "Are you absolutely positive you want to leave me when I'm
"The perks—" Michael says as he sits down on the other side of the couch Tony is on, "—of being an archangel. Instantly clean, if I so choose."
He gave her a dubious stare in return and she shrugged, taking a dainty bite and placing the bread back onto her plate.
Steve took the sketchbook from Nat and flipped it closed, "Tony is easy to draw. If you know what to look for," he responded quietly.
Hours later, after six episodes and a bottle of white, Tony was slumped against Steve, his legs up on the couch, yelling at the television in slurred ramblings. "Oh, come on! It's so obvious! Look at him! He totally did it! Steve, look at this shit! He's so guilty you can fucking smell it."
"I was talking about the science," retorted Steve, kissing Tony's temple before opening the silverware drawer and picking up three forks and three butter knives.
Later at the base, after Tony bathes and gets patched up, Rhodey slips into the bed beside him and holds him, his eyes wet and his breath stuttering.
He spared a glance at the glass wall to his right. And if someone were to come down? Tony shrugged. If it was the team, they probably knew why. If it was Steve...maybe he'd join him? Probably not. But Tony knew how he looked in the throes of passion. There were enough leaked sex tapes to confirm that. Modesty was lame, after all.
Tony didn't trust easily. Check one. If he was caught too unaware, he sometimes flinched away from an enthusiastic hand. Check two. He was seriously insecure. Check three. And tried to hide it behind an obnoxiously false bravado. Check four. He had a thirst to prove himself and a grave misrepresentation of his own worth outside of his intelligence and his looks. Check five and six.
She snorted, a sound completely unattractive on anyone else that was almost cute coming from her. "Steve punched Howard, did you hear?"
He managed to conceal his surprise, which earned him a few points in Natasha's book. "Well, hello there, gorgeous."
" Tony interjected. "Null and void. The teens don't want to hear songs about love in perfect harmony. They want ass and titties and
Clint's eyes were growing dark, he was barely paying attention to what Steve was saying, too busy watching as Tony's ass rippled with the smacks, his hips jerking, and the way his head twisted from side to side. When Steve's fingers made an obvious movement in Tony's ass, he let his hand rub over the front of his pants.
Steve jumped and glared, "Tony!" But Tony wasn't done. The next yell came out sounding hysterical; no one could say Tony Stark couldn't act.
It was Tony looking up at him, sheer unabashed love and adoration in his eyes that finally sent Steve tumbling over, his cock pulsing ropes of come inside Tony, filling and coating him, painting him. Making the movements quicker and more uncontrolled. Steve's body jerked, sending a few beads of sweat flinging off his face and landing on Tony's collar bone, mingling with his own and causing Tony to jolt at the cold sensation.
"No!" She turned to Clint, "This is what I was trying to tell you!" Looking back at Rhodey, she continued in a hurried and hushed tone, "That man in there isn't the Howard that raised Tony. Not yet anyway." When he moved again, she latched onto his bicep, "And we can't change that. But SHIELD is working on a memory serum that can take away short term," Clint startled -- he didn't know that. "I'm getting the components to Bruce. He'll be able to figure it out in no time, and what that means," this time, she grabbed Rhodey's chin, straight up forcing him to look at her, "What this
"Bruce, Bruce, no distractions, mon cheri. I am in the pinnacle of genius. The creativity juices are flowing abundantly-"
I'd like to thank several people in helping make this fic a reality. Shannon, the bringer of plot bunnies who goaded me into this. Lan, for patiently beta-ing for me and her uncanny ability to decipher my typos. Tiffany for her unfailing encouragement and words of wisdom. And Steph and Emma for taking the time to read the last chapter and offer words of advice. And YOU! The readers! I could never have done this without your kind words and squeeing! I love each and every one of you!
A Steve that was protective as well as possessive of Tony? That had the engineer's cock taking notice. But the rest...it hit a little too close to home. Tony wanted Steve, all of him. Including the worry that the story gave.
Steve slipped his arm around Tony's waist, giving him a squeeze to show how proud he was of Tony's actions. "Goodnight, Howard," he said.
"Okay, so this time, it's bone broth, with chicken, carrots, onions and celery." A quick soup Clint had googled. "And herbal tea." He handed Steve the bowl, since Tony still hadn't moved from his position on the couch, his head in Steve's lap. "The pot I used still had the price tag on it. We've been here for over a year."
Tony was reaching into his pocket for his wallet when the voice registered to Steve. It was familiar. It sent a bolt of hope flooding through his chest.
Tony slowed in counting the money. The safe was filled with stacks of it, more money than Steve had ever seen before.
With A glimmer of hope back into his eyes, Steve tugs Tony forward, his elbow hooked in tight to his and propelling him faster. Tony laughs, willing his shorter legs to move just a little quicker so he can keep up with Steve and not fall into the fresh snowdrifts building up around the just opening newspaper stands and blue USPS mailboxes.
"Yeah," Rhodey softly whispered, bringing his hand up to cup the back of Tony's head to bring him closer.
"Agent Barton, they're better be a damn good reason you have for stopping me!" he snapped, flinging around to face him. "Where is Tony?!"
Dropping kisses down Tony's bare chest, Steve tugged at the waist band of the boxers, and Tony lifted his hips. Smoothly, Steve removed them, laying a final kiss to the skin next to his belly button, and sat up to undo the buttons on his union suit, sliding it off and standing to kick out of it.
The three glanced at each other, but only moved to put their phones away when Steve removed Tony's hand from him, stuck it on the safety bar above his head, and moved towards them to do just that.
As the storm grew stronger, umbrellas were taken out and raincoats pulled up to protect their children from the downpour. Crossing guards pulled up their plastic hoods, hurrying parents and children across the busy intersection, laughing as they all got drenched from the sudden downpour.
"What about his left foot? That’s kinda useless, right? It's not like you use your left foot to drive."
"What test is that?" Steve asked, and his voice was sleepy. Shit. He had woken him up. A glance at the clock told Bruce that it was after midnight; Cap's normal bedtime was around eleven.
The idea that regardless of how better they behaved towards each other now, Tony's memories of his childhood disrupted whatever sense of security he had was disconcerting at best.
“With you, I’m open to anything. If there’s a way we can do this without it hurting, I’m down.” Even if it did hurt, he might still be down for it. Tony had done some questionable things in his youth on dares so this tracked pretty well with his record.
“If you say so.” Steve reached down and brushed her hair from her face. It was still too early to catch much of her scent since she smelled so heavily like Tony right now but there was undertones of flowers that made his nose itch. Maybe he should have done her room in flowers instead of a cityscape.
“Don’t worry. I think it’s adorable.” Steve leaned back, feeling like a huge weight had been lifted off his chest. “The leaves are really pretty, I’ll give you that.”
“First off, Bucky asked me to watch her and water the plants. You were the one to choose to come with me when you didn’t have to.” Which wasn’t exactly true.
“Hey, shh. I enjoyed it okay? I’ve loved every part being with you. I told you I liked pleasing you and that was true. Even if I didn’t get off most times, I still very much loved bringing you pleasure.” Tony frowned a little but he could tell Steve wasn’t lying so he merely poked his chest and gave him a firm glare.
“Biological. Mating can be difficult in the sea so we have knots to keep a pair tied together until their seed takes. It should go down soon. As for the pain, mating can sometimes be painful when both parties have teeth and claws like mine. Our…fluids have a protein that helps sooth pain and numb it. I’m sure you noticed when fingering yourself and also when I came. You will be sore later when it wears off, but I’ll be there to take care of you.” Tony hummed to himself as Steve explained. From a biological point of view it made sense. Other animals did a version of this as well so that wasn’t too far fetched in itself.
“Just get on with it, Rogers. I’m not going to make fun of you if that’s what you’re worried about.” Why did Tony’s laugh have to go and fill his stomach with damn butterflies? It wasn’t fair.
“Yeah because yours was only three more floors up. I thought…” It dawned on him that Tony had wanted Steve to come -up- to his room. Not just…ride the elevator together. “Oh.” Shit, maybe he wasn’t as keen on the small hints as he thought he was.
That had lasted only a day before he went back to their bedroom. Steve hadn’t said anything, only offered to show Tony how to feed him.
“Tony, she is not trying to kill you. She’s just lonely and wants attention.” Steve set the water can he had been using to water Bucky’s plants on the coffee table before scooping the cat up in one hand. She of course immediately started rubbing her face all over his beard and purring louder. She could trick all of them, but Tony knew her secrets.
“For what? I’ve done nothing, Tony.” Tony sat down in the rocker, settled in the corner of the room so he could keep tabs on everything. Steve sat on the stool next to them and watched Natasha’s little hands curl into fists in Tony’s sleeve.
“Something that says, excuse my language, ‘Fuck him, you’re too good for that asshole.’” The man pulled his sunglasses off as he got closer to a bundle of yellow flowers and Steve felt a lump form in his throat. Suddenly he knew why the man in front of him looked so damn attractive with his perfect features. Steve was 99% sure the man in front of him was none other then tech genius Tony Stark. Steve was ashamed to say but his celebrity crush on the youngest Stark child had thrived for the past twelve years, he may have even seen the man’s explicit tape a time or two in his early twenties.
“So you gonna tell me where we’re going big man?” Tony leaned back in the passenger seat of Steve’s truck, not taking his eyes off the phone in front of him even as he spoke.
At least he could live through Bucky who always seemed to have someone in his life. For a while there it really felt like he was never going to settle down, always coming in every few weeks with new heartache or love. It kept work time interesting at least, especially on the slower days, and then he came in practically with hearts in his eyes and that had been it.
Steve closed his eyes and relaxed his shoulders. Suddenly the water around them started glowing and the first changes of the shift started to take form. Tony had never seen it this up close before and had he been on stable ground, he would have reached out to touch Steve’s cheeks where several light blue scales were morphing into place over his lovers’ pale skin. Steve’s normally cute round ears grew points and lengthened an inch or two while his neck grew ridges that Tony knew were his delicate gills. Tony could feel the shift happening down below but couldn’t see without letting go so decided today wouldn’t be the day he saw that. The feeling of smooth legs merging together and the soft underbelly scales pressing against his knees made that curiosity spike but Tony wasn’t a fool. If he looked down he would panic so he kept his eyes trained on Steve’s face. When Steve opened his eyes minutes later, Tony felt a spike of awe and arousal run down him. The merman’s eyes were still just as blue as the sky, but they seemed to shift like the waves around them, while his pupils were nothing more then slits with the sun beating down on them.
“Good.” His eyes flicked back down to where his fingers teased Steve’s opening. “Then at some point I want to eat you out, just preferably not where I can die.” Why hadn’t they done this before? Well mainly because of Tony’s fears but still. This was fucking hot. Using the same care as before, he slipped one finger in and was equally surprised by how slick the hole felt and how loud it made his lover moan. “That’s it. Tell me what you like.” He knew the goal here was to just collect the slick and use it on his own hole but he was curious now and wanted to get Steve to make more of those delicious sounds.
Your bag is packed and waiting in my truck. I’m sorry I haven’t written much this month, but your Oma hasn’t been feeling the best and I’ve been trying to make him as comfortable as can be. He asked me to get him some pickles last night? Apparently, all the brands we had in the fridge just weren’t right but that’s fine. I’m happy just to see him happy you know? When he smiles it feels like you’re smiling too and it makes my heart feel funny.
Two months! Two months till you’re here and by the rate you’re growing it might even be sooner! The doctors are going to monitor you and your Oma very closely. We had your baby shower this past weekend, it’ll be a miracle if we ever need to buy you any more diapers. Auntie Pepper brought you an entire closet worth of clothes as well. I’m currently washing all of them and getting ready to hang the clean ones up. They’re just so tiny that it makes my heart hurt knowing you’re going to be this tiny too.
“I know. Just…hard to take my eyes off him sometimes.” Tony’s eyes softened when he felt Steve’s lips press against his temple.
“Sorry. We do take card, but these are both already paid for. People didn’t pick them up so they cancelled by contract with no refund. I’d feel bad making you pay.” Tony’s eyes softened making Steve’s heart relax from its previously anxious pounding.
Steve was still riding high by the time he closed the store and was settled into bed for the night. He had sent Tony a text message, just letting him know who it was, but hadn’t heard back from him. He had almost given up hope for the night when his phone dinged to life next to him. Two messages from one Tony Stark. The first was a photo of both vases set on an expensive looking coffee table, backlit by a TV off screen. The next was a message that had that same smile pulling at Steve’s lips again.
“Nope, gotta tell me big guy. Need to know what I’m getting into when I put that fish bone in me.” Obviously something was happening because nothing changed in the stretch when he pushed the third finger inside.  The warmth though in his belly was exploding and making his whole lower half feel warm and tingly.
“Maybe we should change that.” Steve disturbed his pondering and it made Tony pout just the slightest. Because yes, raising a puppy with Steve did sound like a fun idea but was it the responsible thing to do? Screw it. When were they ever responsible?
“Hey Steve,” Tony said after a moment, waiting for Steve to hum before he continued. “I like you.” Nothing could stop the smiling spreading over Steve’s face.
Then Steve happened and suddenly he was spending more time here then he was any of his other homes. Even his workshop had be transplanted here after some back and forth with the R & D department. They didn’t like him working so remotely but Tony never missed a deadline and it was his name still on their paychecks so what say did they or the board really have. If they wanted to fire him so be it, but they needed him far too much so Tony was allowed to have his ways.
“Congratulations Sir. Would you like to hear the backlog of messages and reminders from yesterday?” Tony gave it thought for only a moment before shaking his head.
“I’m sure. Go get a shower and actually do something with that hair of yours.” Steve wasn’t sure what stirred Bucky to grow it out when the man barely did anything with it. Almost daily it was thrown up in a messy bun with some sort of flower steam sticking out.
“Gorgeous.” Tony found himself muttering, taking in Steve’s face so close up. When Steve smiled Tony felt that same sense of arousal rush down his body. Instead of blunt human teeth there sat a dangerous row of sharp daggers meant for hunting and killing. Why it turned him on so much he didn’t know. Steve could easily kill him with one quick bite, yet Tony knew those teeth or claws prickling at his back, would never hurt him. “I love you.” Steve’s smile only grew.
“I know that feeling all too well. But he’ll be here in the morning. Friday is always watching him and if something happens again, we’ll know right away.” It did help knowing his AI was always there, especially after the first and only kidnapping that had happened two years prior. “Let’s get to bed, sweetheart.”
Steve was excited, both to be going on a vacation for once and also to get out of the city for a while. While he enjoyed both the New York City tower and up state New York location, he was ready to get out of New York and see something new. So when Tony told him he had a free weekend come up, it was the perfect time to put his plan in motion and get out of the city. They had been flirting off and on for a few months now, had even branched the territory of going on a few dinner dates and sharing a kiss here and there but everything was still up in the air with what they were. Which caused Steve more anxiety that he cared to admit.
“Fine. I’ll forgive you, but you’re telling me next time you’re horny and want to fuck. I’ll buy us some land with a private beach and build us a fucking area or something.” A laugh erupted from Steve’s throat and soon enough Tony couldn’t keep a straight face ether. Whatever he had gotten himself into surely wasn’t going away anytime soon. Might as well just go for the ride and enjoy the memories.
“Are you okay? What’s going on?” He had never seen Steve so desperate, even after Tony had edged him for hours on land, Steve had merely smiled and asked for more. It drove Tony a little mad how content Steve was just to be Tony’s plaything sometimes. The difference between then and now after only barely touching him was insane.
“You’re rambling a little, but okay?” Shit, he knew he should have written this down on a card or something. Taking a deep breath, he went ahead trying to remember everything he had wanted to say.
“Since you forgot, we’re going out for dinner tomorrow and you don’t get to complain about where I choose to eat.” Steve’s chuckle had that feeling of being loved rush through him and Tony found himself laughing right along with him.
“More, Tony. Please.” Tony added in a second finger, marveling at just how well Steve’s body took the stretch. He almost wondered if he could go straight to his fist but didn’t want to chance it this time. Curiously he bent both fingers and pressed up, feeling something hard and pointed at the tip. Steve’s hips rolled up almost bucking Tony off, but the man’s hands gripped his waist tight enough for Tony to know he wouldn’t fall off. Feeling confident, he added a third and started moving them in and out. All the while pressing up against what felt like some form of cock inside. It definitely wasn’t human shaped or textured, but it still generally felt like what he would imagine a sea creatures member to feel like. Steve was mumbling something in a tongue he didn’t understand but it was clear this felt good.
“Can only have one mate. Want that-” Steve tried continuing but it was clear words were becoming hard for him when his native tongue took over.
“Not fish.” Came Steve’s strained response. His teeth grazed Tony’s skin again forcing a moan from his throat. “Mate is person. You’re my person. Want to mate you.” Oh, well this was new. He meant like…animal mates.
“You act like Pep’s weeding was a chore. You had a wonderful time and got to see me give a speech.” Steve folded his arms on the wood next to where Tony sat and just looked up at him. His bright blonde hair was slicked back from the seawater, reminding Tony of when he had first met Steve. It was strange to think back to last Summer how they had gone from new neighbors to lovers in a matter of two months. When Tony bought the small get away cottage on the island he hadn’t expected to talk to anyone. He just wanted his alone time, away from cameras and people alike. He had threatened to buy an entire island, but Pepper wanted him somewhere close to people incase he had another heart attack. For some reason she wasn’t ready to lose him just yet.
Steve eventually pulled down a long, unpaved driveway lined with trees, which had Tony’s hand squeezing his just a tad bit harder with every bump they hit. The driveway eventually opened up to a clearing in the thick, multicolored forest where a small cabin sat. It was only one bedroom, one bath, but there was a couch just on the off-chance Tony would want the bed to himself. They hadn’t actually shared a bed together yet, which also made him nervous, but he had a feeling Tony wouldn’t be opposed to it.
“F-fuck! Steve.” Tony’s hand traveled to his stomach since he couldn’t look down and he could feel the slight bulge pressing inside of him. Fuck. Everything felt so warm and -perfect-. What was going on with this magical dick? Steve mumbled something in his tongue but Tony was too distracted by the feeling of the member inside him retracting and pushing back in all while their bodies stayed completely still. It made sense that the cock could sheath itself back inside Steve without needing to move but it was still so new to him. The slow pace didn’t last long before it was rocking in faster and stronger, almost like it was licking his insides. Tony kept his hand splayed along his lower stomach the whole time, equal parts fascinated at the feeling and loving the noises Steve made every time his dick rubbed against it while being sheathed inside.
Tony dropped heavily into the chair as he read over the words again. His heart felt like it was in his gut by the third read through. Yesterday had been their anniversary. Why hadn’t Jarvis reminded him? Fuck. Maybe he had and Tony had just been too busy with himself and his stupid invention to even realize it. That’s why Steve had been so disappointed with him. And what made it worse is he knew Steve wouldn’t be angry, he was too good to be angry even when Tony felt like the worse person in the world.
Then mister Captain America himself ended up on his doorstep with a duffle bag and a smile that Tony couldn’t resist. Shield falling meant he was out of a place to stay and the promise of it only being for a month while he tried finding a place was in the air. After that month though, Tony knew he wasn’t leaving and had learned he didn’t want Steve to leave ether. The others followed soon after, even Thor requested a room for when he was visiting.
Yep. Steve was absolutely smitten with this man, and he couldn’t wait to tell Bucky everything in the morning.
Peter had so much more then just a set of loving parents. Tony had built an entire family for the young boy who had no blood kin left. If anyone dared hurt a hair on his head, there was a large chance that person wouldn’t make it out alive. Uncle Bucky, much to Sam’s annoyance, had set up hold in a tree outside of Peter’s school his first month of Kindergarten claiming the school’s security wasn’t good enough to protect his little nugget. Tony had managed to stop that with a promise of donating a better security system but he still caught Bucky going on extra long ‘walks’ around the area every few days.
Bucky huffed as he sat down on the small stool behind the register. “What makes you think he planned everything?” Steve arched his brow in response which had Bucky crossing his arms. “I can be romantic every once in a while…”
“And what if I say no? What if I fucked your slit instead?” The whine that came out of Steve at that was enough to have a smirk pulling at Tony’s lips. “Always so tough when we’re on land,” He withdrew all three fingers until the tips barely touched the head of what he assumed was Steve’s cock. “Maybe I was wrong. Maybe you’re not a stud.”
“I know how to use the internet. How did you think I found this place?” Steve set his hand on the gear shaft even though the truck was automatic mostly out of muscle memory. He had learned on a manual and it was hard to break after so many years. He had almost bought a manual truck, but this one had more safety features and if he was going to be driving around Sam and Bucky’s new little girl, he wasn’t about to risk her life without getting the best money could buy in safety. He was going to be the best Uncle that little girl would ever know.
In his suite, he slowly gathered up Steve's things, his hands trembling the whole time. The mental exhaustion and lack of nutrition had him aching and shaking. Placing Steve's favorite sweater in a bag, he finally let himself cry, breaking down and sobbing, face covered by his hands, knees to chest, and rocking in a sad attempt to soothe himself.
There were six folders on his computer of projects he needed to start or complete, six folders of things to do to get his mind off the upcoming conversation with Steve. Any one of those would have been a perfect distraction for him, something to delve into, to focus his brain on.
"You're hilarious," Tony complained, sitting up and climbing onto the couch to sit next to Steve, right side up. He smiled devilishly, startling Steve with a yell, "
My apologies for getting this up a few hours late, my dumb ass got distracted! But I hope you all enjoyed the ride! All the thanks to MountainKestral for being the beta to beat all betas and my own personal comma wrangler, Lan for being an amazing cheer reader and beta (as well as an amazing friend!), Wilmakins for always being so supportive and the best cheer reader you can get (seriously, she is like a ball of positive energy!), and to all the readers who've kept with the story from start to finish, plus all the new readers who may have just discovered my little story.
In his sleep, Tony reaches. His hands trail along the cushions, dipping under the comforter, searching. There's panic. A flash of a cave, the last time he was without.
a genius - that there's always a method to my own madness. Maybe I was," he shook his head, eyebrows raised in admittance, "down here because I was avoiding Howard. And you. But something
"I don't know if that's much of a challenge, but I'll take your word for it." He paused. "That's a lot of food."
"Oh," Steve looked a little dismayed, his brow furrowing as he interrupted. "Tony, we didn't finish our movie."
There was a quick internal debate as to who to call first with the results - Hulk chanting in his mind,
When he's gone, Tony hugs the pillow and speaks to the empty room. "I'm sorry. But I love you too much to let you get hurt because of me."
He nuzzled Tony's taut skin as he made his way back up to kiss him, letting Tony taste himself on Steve's tongue. "Of course, angel." He murmured, hooking his arms under Tony's and hefting him to the head of the bed. "On your stomach." Tony moaned, and rolled over, pressing his cleft against Steve's length as he did so. Steve hissed. "I should make you pay for that."
He teased them, but he was happy. Happy for Tony, content to watch the two act like absolute idiots around each other. Perfectly fine to be on the outside, to have someone else for Tony to use as his own personal pillow, to make him laugh and smile.
Clint cleared his throat, his eyes shifting. "Right, ah, the food is…in the kitchen. We made salad. As well. Natasha and me. And Howard."
"Good. Now, for what I can do to help." Steve stood, offering his hand to help Howard stand. "This is a unique situation. But it overlaps my own." Howard took his hand and let Steve pull him up. Steve clapped him on the back. "Talk to me -- whatever you need. Do you want to rant about how confusing this time is? I'm here. Do you want to commiserate on what you lost? I'm here. Want to reminisce?" Steve held his arms out, index fingers pointed in to himself. "Because I guarantee you, I'll need the same. Especially now that I have someone here who's been through it. I think we can help each other."
"Don't call me abused, damn it. Just don't!" Tony stepped to the other side of the coffee table and turned on his heels to face them. He had put space in between himself and the two people he was supposed to be able to trust the most. That hurt more than Steve wanted to admit. "I'm not some damn charity case! There's no need to call in Benson and Stabler," pointing to himself, he snapped viciously, "not a special victim. And I'd appreciate it if you both could, I don't know, let the genius in the room make the decision about how he handles his
He didn't think too closely at that. Didn't feel himself being split as the future took shape and Steve Rogers took the returned pin into his hands and completed the connection. One part of him would loop, back and forth, and the other would vary the shape of his life in the form of a spell.
Nat shook her head, "Maria, this is Avengers business. It's no offence to SHIELD, but we've got this covered. Locking Howard away wasn't going to help anyone, and you know that."
Fear of what's to come, fear of the event that Michael and Joseph have no information on but know is on its way. Fear that he'll be a shitty angel. Fear of messing things up
Tony shrugged. "Then get the fuck out. You expect me to give you that much, and you don't tell me why?" His lips turned up into a sneer. "Get the fuck outta here. The fuck do I look like?"
Was he ready at that second? No. He wasn't. Then again, when would he be? He was about to come out to his father, something he couldn't even do in his teens when he first realized his sexuality went both ways.
"I can do that." Tony flirted, lifting his body up so he could kiss him deeply. Steve felt his breath catch. God, Tony was good at that. He moved, sliding over to maneuver Tony beneath him and settling between his legs. Tony mewed softly, lifting his hips and seeking friction as Steve sucked down his neck.
"I love you too, angel." Standing, Steve bent over to kiss Tony's forehead and left the room. Tony closed his eyes to savor the moment, replaying Steve's words over and over in his mind until he thought he could bring them up on a whim, something to keep him warm for the days and weeks ahead.
Her grin fell and she leaned back against the headboard, "Fine. Howard is still asleep - so is Clint for that matter - but I know Tony is up and in his workshop. I just wanted to know if he's okay."
flustered at seeing five seriously handsome men greeting her, despite knowing what she did. Boy bands were
"Captain Rogers is right, sir," another younger man spoke up; he was in one of the seats, a textbook open on his lap. "And was he right about consent." The car was slowly clearing out, so he had a better view of Tony and Steve.
"I understand, Agent Romanoff, and I approve," JARVIS responded. The corners of her lips ticked upwards. The AI often wanted to be the one to do things, especially for Tony, but she appreciated when he knew to step back.
Trying again, the pain is worse the second time. And as Tony's eyes roll back into his head, he pictures his bed. Soft. Warm. Enveloping and comfortable. A good novel. A cup of coffee. And a frayed, greying blanket - once blue - that he can hold in his hand.
And Steve understood. Curiosity had led Howard from the safety of the tower and into the battle, but his love as a father - even a brand new one who didn't even know he was going to have a son prior to this - was what propelled him into the thick of it to save Tony. His own well-being be damned. There were complications there as well, such as if Howard had been killed his actions would have been for naught anyway, but Steve finally understood.
"And you threw up?" Avery frowned when Tony nodded. "All signs pointing to celiac." He gave Tony a reassuring smile, "don't worry, we'll get to the bottom of this."
But Steve was not ready for that just yet. He had feared that he would never have Tony at his fingers and tongue again, and he didn't want to miss a single moment. Bringing his knees underneath him, he sat up and tugged Tony's lower half with him, almost bending him in half as he spread him impossibly wide, his tongue pushing inside the rim.
He could see the idea take hold of Tony, the way his mouth dropped just a little, the way his eyes darkened. "Who am I to deny you your favorite treat?"
Steve sat back. Amazed at what he was seeing. Tony had every right to be angry. To be furious and upset. But there he was, gently getting Howard changed and moving him to lay under the covers.
Tony picked his head up at that, watching as Steve sat next to him, "Oh, yeah?" He made no move to right his body. Steve had to remind himself oftentimes that that man he loved, while an absolutely brilliant engineer, genius, and billionaire, was actually an adult. It was
Fury smirked, "Start a library in the Mariana Trench, I think. It's best that tome never sees the light of day again."
For the most part, Howard Stark spent his forty-four years with no regrets; there was no use in it. He walked through life to his own rules, never apologizing for things out of his control, and never regretting his mistakes. He took them as a lesson and moved on.
Kissing him sweetly, Steve gently lowered Tony's legs. "Be right back." He stood, his body shaking from the intensity, and walked to the bathroom. He started a bath in the large tub, digging through the cabinets looking for bubble bath but finding some essential oils that he was sure had to have come from Pepper at some point. Tony watched him through the doorway sleepily, smiling as Steve readied towels and checked the water's temperature, adding the oils and swirling his hand to mix them.
He couldn't help it. Tony groaned. His pants had just started feeling tight, and anyone who knew him was well aware that when it came to sex, Tony Stark had a one track mind.
"I'm CEO of your company, you know." She let the statement out with an air of superiority, dangling the bait in front of him, a test to his worth.
"Yup, most popular tablet on the market. Then again, all my electronics are." He preened, sitting up a little taller. "This," he pointed to one the buttons on top, "turns the screen on and off. These are for the volume. The app - That's application, each one does something different - is for the internet, which has everything you could ever ask for. Just type in what you want here. That's called a search bar. These buttons on the bottom control what you want to do, so back, menu, and home screen," he demonstrated. "There're games here, and you know the camera. And this is the reading app, Book Worm; it works with Google books. So anything you want to read."
His eyes are already falling shut. "To survive my father. I have to hide." He won't remember saying it.
But he had also seen Rhodey rally behind Tony. Support him, care for him. Fuss over him when he was injured, and pull him from some of deepest, darkest crevices of his own mind.
A lone tear slips down Steve's cheek. "That's what hurts the most. I did everything right, I did everything I could ever have thought of, and he still died."
"Oh, goodie!" Clint set his own mug down enthusiastically, spilling some of the liquid inside. Tony cursed and rushed to wipe it up before it hit one of his computers, but Clint was already across the room, digging through the box. "I want the blue one."
in a little over one hour, committing most of it to memory right away even if he doesn't have the context to make sense of it. And six hours after he died, Michael has transported the texts to Tony's Malibu mansion and is standing in front of Tony, studying him.
Steve had no one. His life had essentially begun only a few years prior. He had no one to talk about his youth with, because they were all dead. He had Peggy, sometimes, when she was lucid enough to do so. But those times were so few, she may as well have been gone. And now that she was…
"Do you see? Endings can be beautiful. We are proud of you, Anthony. You can let go now, be at peace."
He paused, a tea bag hovering over Steve's mug, and looked up and over at his love. He had sat down, across from Bruce, laughing heartily at whatever the other had just said and spooning eggs onto his plate. Happy. Content.
Nodding, Natasha handed him a plate to serve himself. "Whatever you want. Doesn't have to be comedy. I guarantee we have it." Howard gave her a tentative smile and picked up a hot dog.
Tony was off the stool and in his arms in an instant, something snapping inside him. He buried his face in Steve's chest, fists clenched into Steve's t-shirt. "I told him." His voice was hitched, and Steve felt his guilt drop down and his need to protect push forward again.
Bruce called Tony his best friend, and he didn't say it lightly. He also didn't say it often. Tony had Rhodey. And he had Steve now as well. Though, lover and best friend varied depending on who you asked, it was easy to see that Steve
He had only just met him, had only just found out he even had a kid. There was no watching him grow from an infant to toddler, to boy to teen to adult. Tony had come to him already complete, in the barest form of the word. But still, being called dad - and not
It hurt to see the stunted movements as they fought to not touch each other in public, and Bruce clapped on hand on Tony's shoulder in comfort. Tony graced him with a small but appreciative smile.
"You know, narcissists don't hate themselves and aren't insecure about themselves." Coulson doesn't move from the bed, but he tilts his head questionably at Tony. "Narcissists never think they don't deserve happiness."
"Patience, my angel," Steve muttered, still not done watching him, just yet. "Damn, Tony. You are so beautiful. Do you know that?"
. This was obviously important to Tony. That he had been such a monster Tony was this petrified to say it even now wasn't lost on him either. "You don't have to." Howard paused briefly. "If it's making you this uncomfortable-"
"What else is new?" They remained quiet as she made the tea and poured a generous helping of whiskey into both mugs. Handing one to Clint, she motioned with her head to the little seating area opposite her bed.
Rolling onto his other side, Tony studied the empty half of the bed. It hadn't been used. Either Steve hadn’t slept or he’d slept elsewhere. Both ideas bothered Tony more than he could ever describe. He almost expected Steve to be in the armchair across the room or see the bathroom light on, but the chair was vacant and the door was ajar with the bathroom beyond dark.
Natasha huffs, trading a glance with Clint, who sits next to her. He grunts and pulls out his wallet, slapping a fifty into her hand. She nods at him and turns back to Steve and Tony. "Not surprised. Just shocked you guys actually came out."
Steve had gathered Natasha and Clint to the far end of the room, and they stood, whispering in hurried voices. Every so often, one of them would look up at either Tony or Howard. It didn't take being a genius to deduce exactly what the topic of conversation was, and the hairs on the back of Tony's neck prickled in annoyance. He understood it was necessary, but that didn't mean he had to like it.
"What are you saying, Tony? Are you breaking up with me?" His tone desperate, Steve reached out, trying to grab one of Tony's hands, but he kept them tight on the controls.
Tony rolled his eyes, removing his hand from his dick. This was going to be one of those long conversations, wasn't it? "Bruce. Old news."
"And you're kind. You love donating your money, and you genuinely care about the servicemen and women in this country. You believe you only have three friends and think only Rhodey, Pepper, and Happy like you in any capacity. But, Tony," he taps him under his chin, "would they have stayed loyal to you if you were not also a good person?"
Tony pointedly says, grunting as he hefts it up and onto the body. "Stupid super soldiers and their stupid strength." He's teasing, and he knows that Steve can tell by the mirth dancing in his eyes.
Tony was shaking, and Howard felt a pang at that. Two sides of him - one determined to love and accept Tony as is and the other filled with stalwart propriety - warred within him. He tried to call out again, to stop them as Steve led Tony back down the hallway. He couldn't. He couldn't move, couldn't find his voice. He stood rooted to his spot, watching as they entered Tony's suite, until the door closed, leaving Howard in darkness.
"Okay, so, what are we doing?" How Natasha could sound impatient while eyeing Tony's ass was beyond any of them.
"There's some New York Strip Steaks in here. Not the finest cut, but still good," Steve suggested, pulling out the meat and holding it out to show him.
"Let's say we eat!" Clint clapped his hands once, always good at sensing an awkward moment that he wasn't directly involved in (but never ones he caused, poor schmuck), and Tony sent him a truly appreciative look.
Steve almost cried in happiness, "Thank God. Tony, thank God!" He leaned down to kiss him, his hands stroking his back in comfort. One by one, the others left the room; this was a private moment, no need to intrude any longer.
"What? It's true. You should get drunk a few times a week and in the mornings work on your senses. It's a smart move."
"I fell in love with Peggy Carter almost right away. I didn't admit it to myself - not at first - but I did. She was everything I had wanted. Smart, strong, and determined. Someone who could match me intellectually and challenge me." Tony feels him move closer, shifting on the bed to lean over Tony's prone form. "I also thought she was the most beautiful woman in the entire world."
Steve slid his hands up Tony's back and neck, up along his scalp, gripping his hair and pulling hard, forcing Tony back onto his dick. "My little slut, my perfect little whore."
He looked up as she entered, setting his mug down and raising his eyebrows appreciatively. "Had I known there were so many beautiful women in the future, I would have come a lot sooner."
He counted to the second and flipped each piece, bending down enough to inhale the savory aroma. The door clicked shut, and Steve was behind him a moment later, arms encircling his waist.
Steve fumbled, catching the bills as they slid from his chest. "You ain't never killed an innocent?"
Steve didn't need to be told twice. He threw the vibrator aside and pushed Tony off of his lap and onto his knees, dropping behind him and pulling his own cock out. He blindly grabbed for the lube he had used earlier and slicked himself, dropping the bottle and slamming into Tony with a loud grunt, wasting no time in a build up, just taking. Fucking the willing body beneath him with an abandon that sent Tony back to his elbows, his ass popped up and open.
"Tony!" Steve screamed again, this time in warning. He was almost there, if he could just push his legs faster, he could make it. He had to save Tony, had to!
She was exasperated. "Tony, that's all well and good, but you don't seem to have the same ideas about someone touching you. It's like you think you're not worthy and- Holy fuck, you don't think you are!" Natasha's eyes went wide, a look Tony wasn't familiar with on her. Confusion. Shock. Disbelief.
"We were attacked." Natasha spoke softly. "By aliens. A group of officials deemed it necessary to launch a nuclear bomb at Manhattan when it looked like they would win. The bomb would have taken out the whole city."
Three weeks after her meeting with Fury, Natasha Romanoff paused at the door to the conference room, listening to the voices of the boy band--excuse me,
Tony woke up warm and comfortable, his head pillowed on Steve's torso, the lull of his heartbeat soothing and rhythmic. He let his hand glide down Steve's chest feeling his skin, the curves to his muscles… and a familiar warmth started to build inside Tony. He grinned and let his hand trail further down, slipping into Steve's boxers and wrapping around his length.
"No reason!" Steve squawked, slamming the computer closed. Tony shrugged and took a long drink of his mug. "So, StonyFan1918 posted again. This time about Steve making me come from rimming." He narrowed his eyes at Natasha, he was so sure it was her. He had avoided each of them the night before, locked away in his workshop and going over the facts. He mentioned a kink, it got turned into a story. Natasha knew he loved Steve. Bruce did too. Maybe the others? And she had said what the next story might be about. It had to be her.
Howard seemed torn between laughing and amazement. "You programmed an A.I. to speak with no difficulties and the ability to be a smart ass?"
"It's Murphy's Law, Steve, really!" Wheeling away from Steve's hold, he moved back to the bench, picking up the helmet and pointing to it, "What can go wrong, will go wrong. And someone needs to think of these things before they happen!"
As Steve followed him, the tin was being passed around, bursts of laughter trailing behind him. Thor opened the door for them, and Steve kept his distance. The man towered over Steve, and that was no small feat, and his signature hammer--a gleaming tool used to build in an honest man's hands--swung from his belt.
He was in his bed, holding steady to his promise to Steve, and kicked the blankets off in celebration. "Jarvis! New story!"
"What?" Steve tensed. He could feel Tony's hand clutching his shirt tightly. Oh no, no way. "That's insane. No. Bad idea."
These days, he still refused outright physical affection from others, but he craved it from Steve. Especially that slow, loving rocking. Tucked tightly into Steve's arms, the only place he ever felt he belonged.
"I know, and that's why I know you'll do as I ask." She reached around him and opened the door. "You also have the unique happenstance of knowing exactly what it's like to not have control of a situation."
"Comfy there, Tony?" Steve asked, bent over with his head tilted so he could look at Tony the right way. Tony looked up at him with a wide, cheeky grin.
They both turned to look cheekily at Tony, who stood in front of the cabinets with three dishes in hand, looking unamused. He pointed to Bruce, "No science bros experiments for a week! And you!" He pointed at Steve, "No sex for a month!"
"We surely have no idea what you're talking about." Bruce smacked Clint again as his giggle fit increased in volume.
“That was a yes, by the way. I don’t exactly have an interest in leading the pride parade next year, but I could be convinced if you wore some tight boy shorts with a rainbow shield.” Oh god. Tony was teasing him and it was everything perfect in the world.
“I don’t know. I don’t think so? It doesn’t seem very…Sam to do it in a restaurant.” It wasn’t. He was going to do it in the park this coming spring, but Steve liked seeing Bucky try and guess.
“And I was away from the ocean for five whole days.” Steve reminded him which yes that was true. It wasn’t Tony’s fault Pepper decided to have her wedding in New York City instead of on the island. “You know I love seeing your friends, but it’s a lot for me to leave for that long. The least you could do is just swim with me.”
“So you forgot one anniversary? There will be others, Tony. I’m disappointed, don’t get me wrong, but we can celebrate it any day really. I just want to spend some alone time with you, that’s all.” Tony made an embarrassing noise when Steve’s large arms were suddenly around his waist and pulling him into a tight hug. “I love you, Tony. I have for a long time now and I know you didn’t do it on purpose. But,”
Tony’s heart was pounding hard against his rib cage, anxiety rolling off him in waves that he was sure Steve was picking up on, and yet he trusted him. Tony knew Steve wouldn’t let anything happen to him. “Fine, but I get to be big spoon tonight.” Before Steve could laugh or even comment on what he had said, Tony pushed off and dropped to the water. He went under for only one terrifying moment before Steve’s arms were around his waist and pulling him back up.
“I’m really bad at this, like the butt of many of Bucky’s jokes bad.” Steve groaned when Tony’s face broke into a laugh.
“Fuck. Tony, please. I need to be in you. Please.” Steve was always a service top, taking more pleasure in taking Tony apart then his own needs so it was a good change of pace to see him so desperate for it.
“Jarvis..” Tony walked over to the card where his name was cursively spelled out. Not wasting a moment, he turned it over and pulled out the handmade card. On the front was a simple sketch of his robot children from downstairs but it was the inside that sent a dagger through his heart.
“Fine, no cats.” Steve smirked against his lips but did eventually pull away when the fuzzy devil jumped back on the counter. “You really should give Alpine a chance though. She is my goddaughter after all.” Tony squinted as the creature walked closer.
“Great. You just had to come back. Couldn’t stay with Uncle Steve could you?” Tony slowly put the water bowl down and snatched his hand away when she swatted at it. Thin little lines appeared on his skin where claws had caught but thankfully didn’t go deep enough to draw blood. “You’re a real asshole you know. I just fed you!” She looked down at the food and back at him and let out another loud meow. “What?! There’s food right there!” Her tail swatted the ground as she turned to face him, officially backing Tony up against the small island. Another big MEOW came from her tiny throat. “Steve! She’s trying to kill me again!” Tony grabbed a knife off the counter at the same moment that she jumped up and started walking towards him.
“I forgot our anniversary and blew you off all day. Even if I can’t stop tinkering normally, I should have for you.”
“You have to put water in it, babe. She won’t eat it if it’s dry.” Steve hooked his thumbs into Tony’s belt loops as he turned to look at him, effectively pinning Tony against the island once more. “You truly don’t know anything about cats, do you?” Tony’s face lit up at the tease.
“Hmm, that is a good question.” Knowing he was safe; Tony released his hold on Steve’s neck and slowly dragged them down his back. Instead of a dip where his spine should be, there were raised pieces of cartilage with webbing connecting each piece. Tony carefully ran his fingers over each one, letting them linger longer on the velvety soft webbing. Not a flinch came from the man under him which meant he trusted Tony just as much as Tony trusted him. “Tony?” Steve leaned back so he could meet Tony’s eyes again. A question swam in those wonderful eyes, but Steve’s voice didn’t continue.
“Oh god, Steve. Put those puppy dog eyes away.” Tony pushed at his face while the other broke into laughter. “I know, okay. I won’t go back on my promise.” He groaned but did eventually pull off his shirt and fold it nicely to be left on the dock. Tony was already in his swim shorts, ones Steve had picked out while they were in the city, so dress wise he was all ready to go in. Mentally though he still had his hang ups. Growing up rich meant never having to do things you didn’t want to. Tony never wanted to learn to swim, or be outside in general, so his parents never made him. Now though, he really wished they had.
We’re going to pick up some paint for your nursery next week. I need to sketch out what I want to paint your mural as. Despite what your Oma insists on, I will not be painting robots for you or robot unicorns. I was thinking of a sunny field? Maybe with some clouds. Maybe the ocean. I guess we’ll just decide on that later.
Despite that, Tony expected Steve to not be in their bed when he entered the master bedroom. To his relief there was a husband shaped lump on the right side of the bed. He stripped down to his boxers, not bothering to shower, and slid into the left side but not moving any closer. He didn’t deserve the physical attention when he felt like the worst husband in the world. How could he have just pushed Steve aside all day? How could he have forgotten it all together, it’s not like there wasn’t signs. Steve had just fucking mentioned last week how funny it was that Sam and Bucky were using the same venue as them for their wedding and how nice it would look in fall colors versus winter.
Hours later found Peter tucked into bed and Tony leaning against his door frame, watching him sleep.
“You sure? I don’t think the reservations are until eight. I don’t mind staying the whole shift.” Steve waved him off.
“Tony-” Steve hissed. “Please, Please. I want to be in you.” Despite what Steve was saying, his body was telling Tony the opposite. Pulsing around his fingers even as he withdrew them. Coating all three was a thick clear liquid that clung to his skin even while they stayed underwater. Tony wanted to lick it just as much as he wanted to go back to his lab and study it.
“She is not!” Steve called back but he couldn’t see her! Tony held the knife up and she merely batted at it like it was a toy, clearly Bucky’s child through and through. “Tony!” Steve was there in an instant and taking the knife away, giving him another look. “Do not threaten her with a knife.”
“Oceans gift to give, not mine.” He managed out, though it was a strain. Should Tony be worried about how out of it Steve seemed when said man was the only thing keeping him alive right now? Probably. Was he? Not really. The concern of why his body was starting to feel so hot was at the forefront of his brain, even more so when he pulled his fingers out and felt a deep emptiness fill him. But he was also about to let a large sea creature fuck him and ‘mate’ him so really what was his life. If he died, at least he died doing something he loved.
“Guess we both needed something new in our lives, huh?” Tony didn’t stop himself from leaning in and capturing Steve’s lips. It was harder to kiss this form with such dangerous teeth laying wait, but Tony wanted it. Talk of them being intimate while Steve was like this had never come up, but Tony had dreamed about it. He wasn’t even sure what Steve was packing down there right now so those dreams could be skewed from what reality really held in store for them.
A crush turned into more and with time it even turned into Tony no longer waking alone in bed or with strangers. Every morning was now a consistent pattern of waking up to blonde hair and soft snores by the man next to him. Steve had somehow given him a family and love, and Tony was certain this was all he needed. What more could he want?
“Fine, fine. But if that greasy place gives me chest pains, that’s on you.” They both laughed it out and within the hour found themselves asleep in each other’s arms.
“Steve, you are aware leaves change color in New York too? It seems to be a thing that happens all over the world. Crazy I know.” Tony did set his phone down in the middle console though so even with the tease, Steve felt he had won.
“Oo, secluded cabin in the woods huh? I venture you’re either about to murder or seduce me.” It was a tease, Steve knew it was, that’s just how Tony worked. Yet it still had that blush creeping up past his shirt once more.
“Steve I told you, I’ll be up in an hour.” Tony moved from the holograms dancing above the middle desk back to his computer. He hadn’t even looked up when he heard the door opening, knowing it was Steve merely from the way he sighed.
Tony looked down at his mortal enemy whose bright blue eyes looked back at him. He tried taking a step to the right and the white creature merely moved her paw to the left to block him from moving. She was clearly plotting his demise.
“I asked if Daddy was going to help?” Tony looked back down at the pieces in front of them, humming as he did so.
“Mhmm, don’t forget that thank you when you take me to bed again. It wasn’t easy pushing her out.” Steve knew he was teasing and that only made the laughter that filled the room that much more enjoyable. “Thank you too Steve.”
Though to be fair, running the shop meant he didn’t have a lot of free time to begin with so even if he had ever managed to date someone long enough for the day to be an issue, the lack of free time would have already solved that issue. So far his longest, romantic, relationship had been with Peggy just shy of 4 months. According to Facebook though, she was long married and moved back to England.
“Come on Tony, just slide in.” Tony looked down at the water and just shook his head, very much enjoying his spot safe on the dock.
Being a father was possibly the most terrifying thing Tony Stark had ever imagined. He could handle the fighting, kidnapping, multiple end of the world events, but taking care of a tiny human? No man knew a greater fear and that fear had kept him from ever perusing it. Tony had been content with his halls always being empty and only the low sound of robots keeping up space in his lab. They were all the company he needed, except for Rhodey and Pepper of course. There would always be a room set up for his best friends but the man was away more than around and Pepper had a business to run so it didn’t change how empty Tony’s home was.
“Won’t let you fall. I’ve got you. Always got you.” Steve managed to mumble. “Mate.” Tony pushed a single finger in and winced at the slight burn he felt. Steve had made good work of him the night before which was obvious from the tenderness around his hole, but it also had his body opening up easier.
“Alright. I’ll let you get a pass on that. We can talk about that more later, just…one more question.” A teasing glint showed in Steve’s eyes as he looked up at Tony.
Boy are you getting big! Your Oma is starting to get cranky already but he’s still the most handsome thing I’ve ever seen. I was finally able to feel you kick this morning, I can’t believe you’re moving around so much. Your Oma claims you apparently have it in for him and his bladder but neither of us can be mad at you for it. It’s a nice reminder that you’re there and I’ve caught him singing to you a few times now on his way to the bathroom. I finished your mural, and the furniture for your room is finally starting to arrive. Only 4 more months now!
“And then I said yes. It’s okay, I’m not mad at you but I need you to tell me what the hell happened. Okay? We’ll work through this. Just need more information. Am I going to turn into a fish?” Because yes that was Tony’s main concern right now. He liked his freedom, liked going away from the island if he wanted to. He had seen the strain it took on Steve’s body just to be away for five days and didn’t want to experience that himself. Though the rest of it didn’t seem that bad. Except for the eating raw fish part, that he could also live without.
“You want to leave early? Actually shower and get the pollen out of your hair? You know, just in case he does ask.” Steve poked the side of Bucky’s temple where a spot of yellow pollen sat. Bucky in turn just brushed it off and gave a shoulder shrug.
“How many times do I have to tell you I’m not a fish before you stop calling me one?” A small smile finally tugged at Steve’s lips and he could feel the relief in his voice from just that. “But no. That’s not something I can do or have a factor in. You would have to ask the ocean for that gift, and she doesn’t give it lightly.” Tony eyed the water cautiously but shook his head, knowing that for now that wasn’t a gift he wanted.
“Got any plans for tonight?” Steve asked as he restocked the single roses near the front of the tiny store. Bucky leaned against the counter, a smile tugging at his lips which meant yes, he did in fact have plans.
“Hey, shh.” Tony sat back to get a better look at Steve but groaned when it had the bulge pressing further into him, only reminding him of his own neglected member. “Hey. Steve.” He got as comfortable as he could with the long length still inside him and moved Steve’s face to look at him. Okay yes there was definitely blood on his lips and chin so just don’t look at shoulder. Got it. Steve looked incredibly guilty which shouldn’t be allowed after the orgasm he, they?, just had. “I told you to do it.”
“Love, you don’t have to say anything.” Tony looked to Steve’s back and felt that pain in his heart again. Not like the one he suffered all those years being Iron man, but the pain that brings him back to the time he almost lost Pepper. He knew he had fucked up and there was no one to blame but himself. Jarvis had probably reminded him, Steve surely had, and he was sure if he bothered to look on their joint calendar Tony would see the reminder there too. This was just another example of what happened when he put work in front of everything else.
“Sorry about that, what’s up Peter?” His adopted sons face broke out into a smile and it had Tony’s chest tighten just a little. How was it possible to love someone so much?
“There you go, clogs turning now?” Tony took a big gulp of his water now that he had put Steve in his place but Steve could only find it in himself to shake his head.
“Holy shit, there really is only one bed.” Steve was setting the bags down by the couch when Tony came back out from the, yes singular, bedroom.
“Nope. I’m good, I’ll just watch you swim. How about that?” Steve, who was already in the water and clearly loving it, rolled his eyes. Though that fond smile that Tony loved so much was still plastered on his lips meaning he wasn’t actually annoyed with the other.
“Not that kind of delicious and I told you not to call me that.” There was a threat in Steve’s voice and even though Tony knew it was a tease, it still did things to him. In this moment his life very much depended on Steve which both terrified and thrilled him. Normally Tony would hate not having total control of the situation, but this felt different.
“You got in the elevator and then got off at your own floor. Not mine.” Tony’s eyebrow arched as he leaned against the kitchen counter, giving Steve a knowing look.
I caught your Papa in your room again this morning. I think he forgets that I have cameras installed everywhere. Your Papa…he’s a good man. And I’m not talking about Captain America good, he did that job wonderfully, but he’s just in general a wonderful alpha, husband, and I know he’s going to be the best Father out there. I never wanted children, shocker I know since I can’t even imagine going a day without you. But then I met him, and we hated each other for weeks but then things changed. We changed. The talk of you came up and the idea wasn’t as scary to me anymore, not when I had him by my side. It’s been a long journey to get to this point but now I can’t stop staring at you, knowing you’re growing big and strong inside me. I can’t wait to hold you and love you. I’m still terrified, don’t get me wrong, but I promise you. We’re going to be good parents to you and give you everything you could ever want. We’re not perfect so please don’t fault us when we make mistakes but know that no matter what we will always love you.
Minutes felt like hours before Steve finally unlatched his mouth and licked over the wounds. Tony had his eyes skewed shut so he couldn’t tell if there was blood in the water or not but he felt no pain so that’s all that matter. Steve’s member finally stopped twitching but the bulge hadn’t gone down any, keeping them locked together for the foreseeable future. Tony’s mouth felt dry and his body felt overly exhausted but also strangely hyper aware of the feeling of water surrounding them. There was no fear though, no panic came when a splash hit his face which should be strange, but Tony couldn’t find the memories on why he was scared of it in the first place. Water suddenly felt safe and like home.
“Don’t be silly. I’ve been trying to get you in my bed for weeks now.” Steve stared at Tony, watching as the genius walked into the kitchen and started searching through the fridge.
“I won’t let you drown, you know that. I’m going to be right here to keep you up.” Steve pushed off from the wood and went under for only a moment before coming back up and settling his hands on Tony’s ankles. “I’ve got you.”
“She’s perfect Tony. Thank you.” Steve watched in awe as Tony picked her up and nestled her against his shoulder and neck. Their little pup was so tiny and yet so full of life even when she slept.
“But?” Tony asked, wrapping his arms around the other as well and just resting his cheek against Steve’s shoulder.
“It’s not my fault Howard didn’t let me have pets.” And it wasn’t because when he was younger Tony had begged for a cat or dog but Howard had always brought up how messy and disgusting they were. Over the years, Tony just assumed the words got to him and even when he had moved out he never bothered to get one. Truly with their work schedule, having an animal now wasn’t that feasible. How Bucky managed to keep Alpine safe and heathy was a wonder to him. Yet the cat was coming up on four years of life and still going strong, even after a kidnapping attempt. Though Clint had somehow kept Lucky safe as well so maybe it wasn’t as hard as Tony thought it would be.
“Going off the point you made, we were in the area. Just relax, I’ll be done in a bit and then we can go. Since you’re not doing anything though, would you mind filling her food bowl up?” Tony squinted at the direction Steve had gone, probably in one of the bedrooms, before getting up and going to said kitchen. He hadn’t been to the apartment since Sam moved in and already it was almost sickening how domestic the two were. Not that him and Steve were any better, but these two had matching things everywhere. At least Steve and Tony’s matching cups had been gag gifts. These cups looked deliberately picked out and organized. Even Alpine’s bowls looked hand painted and Tony could already picture the two of them sitting at the kitchen table doing crafts together. Weird how relationships changed people, but it was better Bucky had him then not. Tony cared for Steve’s best friend but after having the man live with them for six months he was more than happy to pawn him off on Sam.
“No. Steve, we didn’t talk about this. No bite.” Tony found himself panting as he spoke, that bulge hitting his hole and giving him a taste of a stretch before retreating with every thrust. He wasn’t scared of the bite itself as much as he was Steve accidently ripping through muscle or damaging nerves. He needed his left arm for work.
“Oo, Rogers. We both know you aren’t capable of cold blooded murder. So are you admitting to planning this whole weekend just to seduce me?” Tony let go of his hand once the car was turned off but didn’t move from his seat. He just sat there, smirking like the sly silver fox he was with both eyes on Steve. “I bet there’s only one bed, isn’t there?” Steve gave a wink, leaving Tony hanging, as he got out of the truck and went around to grab both of their bags from the back. Tony was laughing as he followed him to the door, not bothering to help with the bags knowing how much Steve liked showing off his strength.  As soon as the door was unlocked Tony was in and searching around.
“You probably googled it and then proceeded to call the number instead of booking online because you won’t put your credit card number on the internet. Tell me I’m wrong.” A light blush creeped up Steve’s neck because no, Tony wasn’t wrong, and he knew it. He might not have kept cash under his mattress anymore, but he still didn’t fully trust the internet with things like bank info. He refused to use the ATM as well. “You know I have the top security system there is at Avengers Campus. No ones going to steal your card info, Old man. And if by some chance they do, we’ll get your money back. I also have the best lawyer’s money can buy.” Steve was about to clip back with him not wanting Tony to waste money on him, when Tony moved his left hand to settle right over Steve’s on the gear shaft. A little squeeze was all it took to have the words dying right in his mouth.
I sat in your room today, testing out your rocker. I can’t wait for you to be here. The room feels so empty without you but it still…feels right. I can’t describe the feeling I have for you and for sitting in this room. I brought a sketchbook in here earlier and just drew whatever I was feeling. I wonder if you’ll draw too? Or maybe you’ll be more technical like your Oma? You don’t have to be either though. You could be a dancer or just like video games and we would still love and support you. I’m going to try and get your Oma to write a letter again, he said he might be willing to try so don’t laugh at him, okay?
“You can’t blame her Tony. You have a giant light in your chest, and she was a kitten. She thought it was a toy.” Whether it had been a mistake or not, a few new scars had been added to his chest that day thanks to her.
“I know. She’s got your nose, you know.” Steve set the notepad aside and took his spot next to his mate. Their tiny little pup just laid there in her cute grey onesie. He couldn’t stop from counting the moments between each of her breaths.
“And the other parts? Why aren’t I afraid anymore? Why is your cock swollen inside me? Why don’t I feel any pain? Why could I feel your orgasm if that is what I felt?” A million more questions exploded inside his head but the one that stood out the most is what tumbled from his lips last. “What does it mean to be your mate?”  Steve turned his head slightly and pressed a soft kiss to Tony’s palm.
Tony coughed out the little bit of water that had gotten in his mouth while he wrapped his arms around Steve’s neck to make sure he didn’t go under again. Once his coughing fit subsided, he finally opened his eyes only to be met with the most beautiful pair of blues staring back at him with a smile that had his chest tighten.
Steve both hated and loved the 14th of February. On one hand, it was a great day for Rogers Floral, a small flower shop his mother had started before he was born and a store he now ran with his best friend. It was the one day a year they could always count on bringing in top margins and when he was a child, it meant them being able to afford an actual full course meal the next day. On the other hand, it also meant without fail that Steve would always be working that day. So, while he was a deep romantic at heart, it was hard to do anything when you were stuck selling flowers to other love sick customers on the most romantic day of the year.
