Tony’s breathing hitches, a joyful grin blooming on his beautiful face. The sun is almost gone but his face is the one thing that shines the brightest for Steve.
And yet.
Tony shrugs. “You were distracted.”
Tony’s fingers grip the edge of the bench tightly. Steve chooses to focus on them instead of Tony’s face as he speaks. On the tiny nicks and scars scattered over Tony’s knuckles and wrists and then higher, on the soft light of the RT that shines through the material of Tony’s thick parka, a bright reminder of a body that just won’t give up.
Then, he passes out.
He grabs Tony’s chin and leans forward, for another kiss. Less slow and careful, but more tender. Sweeter. It feels like a new beginning. When they’re done, he rests his forehead against Tony’s and beams at him, feeling hopeful.
When he resurfaces, lungs burning from lack of air and heart still thumping wildly against his chest, everything is very, very still. Most of the Rampart goons boarding the ship died in the explosion or jumped ship before that, drowning after everything fell apart. Saltwater making his eyes sting, Steve blinks a couple of times before deciding that he’s probably going into shock.
Steve’s not expecting Tony to
are you really here, Tony.”
He’s also bone-deep tired, having just lived more than a year in a strange, not so far away land. One that will never exist, now. A future erased, but not forgotten. With that thought in mind, Steve throws a last look to the remains of the ship and swims back to the cliff. The way back to the city’s going to be a long one and he can’t, for the life of him, remember where the last spot he parked his bike was.
“But now,” Steve inhales deeply, face and neck flushed. “Now I’m a monster too. And I’m tired, Tony. I’m tired of all this… senseless anger. I’m tired of the nightmares. I’m tired of the crater that used to be Las Vegas and tired of seeing our friends die in my nightmares. I’m tired of feeling like that other me robbed me. I’m tired,” he says, pausing carefully, “of feeling angry at you.”
“You need to go,” Steve says. Tony shakes his head and gets up, leaving the room soon after. And that’s it. That’s all. Steve is left alone to contemplate his own self-loathing and loneliness.
And it takes a hard, long look at Tony to understand that no,
“What’s there to say?” Steve accepts the mug of coffee, hands cradling the warm ceramic. “You shouldn’t be here at all. If you did download your AI’s memories into your brain then you know everything, Tony. Everything I did.”
Steve’s nightmares begin and end with Tony. Always.
“No, Steve,” Tony corrects him and his eyes go heavy with sadness, his whole face twisted into a picture of grief. “I remember.
“I don’t know. Something in my head just… clicked when I downloaded my AI’s memories into my brain. It was like opening a locked vault inside my head,” Tony explains. He’s been staring at the ducks and Steve’s been staring at his hands and they’re just two men who are, after everything, still afraid of disappointing each other. “I remember losing you. I remember this… hole inside my heart, shaped just like you. I remember trying to move on in a world that didn’t make sense anymore.
… a little bit more at peace.
It’s more than enough to warm him up.
This is his gift to himself. This is his way of tricking his own mind; of thinking,
There, on that bridge, with the breeze carding through his air and Tony’s arms around him. There, with Tony’s chin on his shoulder and Steve’s fingers curled around his bike’s handles, Steve only knows one thing: he’s tired. And he misses peace.
. I remember the war.”
“Yeah.” Tony replies. “We used to be good. I know.”
“Okay,” Tony says, calmly. He sits next to Steve, his left thigh close to Steve’s right. “It’s not as complex as you think it is.”
There’s a memory playing in Steve’s head. A picture engraved behind his eyes that will fade as soon as Steve opens them. Not a dream, but a memory. It’s a quiet morning in the different kitchens in his life, the smells of coffee and bacon, the warmth of sunshine. Lips are pressed to his temple. Sometimes they’re soft, sometimes they’re a little dry. Steve’s never sure who’s going to be there, holding a mug of coffee and a smile for him, until he’s about to wake up. At times it’s Sharon, fresh out of a shower, golden hair dripping wet, looking ready to start the day. And, some other times, it’s Tony, with messy bedhead and eyes bleary with sleep but a smile so soft it can only belong to him.
Against Steve’s wishes, Tony purchases a new motorbike for Steve and completely ignores Steve’s protests about money and spending. “Who do you think?” Tony asks, a crooked smile on his gaunt face and a credit card in his hand, “Who do you think has been financing most of your trip?”
Steve shoots him a surprised smile as Tony grabs a straw and winks. “I thought I’d ask for one. For old times’ sake.”
The cold has turned their noses red and Steve can see steam coming out of Tony’s mouth when he talks. It’s getting chillier and chillier and Steve’s never been a really big fan of the cold, considering his circumstances, but he can’t bring himself to move.
“You lied to me. You used me.”
Steve looks up. A single bubble leaves his mouth and that’s how he knows his way up, a ray of light guiding him towards the surface of the water. It’s probably fire.
(“You know what your problem is,” Steve spat at Tony’s face, once. Angry words that left him seething, hands curled up into fists until his knuckles hurt.
Too many bridges.
“I’m not going back,” Steve speaks, finally. His voice is firm and he’s grinding his teeth, muscles taut with tension. He’s expecting Tony to argue. He’s expecting Tony to shake his head, looking disappointed, and leave.
“So,” Tony says, his elbow poised on the table and his chin resting on his hand. “If I order a milkshake and drink from a straw while you eat a burger, will that bring back enough memories?”
“That’s… how?” Steve freezes.
“Look at me.
Tony steps into the room. He raises his arms as soon as he sees Steve’s defensive position, showing him that he’s unarmed. He’s wearing jeans and a sweater that looks too big on him, something that would probably have fit him perfectly before he fell into a coma. “Hey,” Tony says, sheepish. “Surprise?”
“That used to be me, whenever I dreamed about you loving me,” Tony sighs, then the smile comes back to his face in full swing. He tilts his head slowly and kisses Steve on the lips, then backs away gingerly just to look at Steve.
“I’m not asking you to not be angry at me,” Tony says. He touches Steve’s cheek gently, brushing away some of the wetness. “But I do want you to know that I’ve missed you. And that I need you, Steve. I'm not half as good at--at anything as I am when I'm doing it next to you, remember?”
“We almost destroyed each other at least twice.” Tony continues talking. “And we’re still here. Can you believe that shit, Steve?” He laughs, and it gets a smile out of Steve. “I woke up from that coma, went home, listened to Riri’s recount of everything that happened while I was gone. Downloaded my AI’s memories before shutting it off and when I remembered the war… I thought I was going to be sick. I felt the grief of losing you. I remembered telling you it wasn’t worth it and realizing that, no matter what happens, I’m always going to want you back. I’ll always need you, Steve. And you know why?”
In Indianapolis, Eagle Creek Park is tall trees and chirping birds, children and families enjoying the chilly weather of autumn, copper-colored leaves making crunching noises under their boots. Tony’s wearing at least three layers of clothing and Steve still worries about him, wondering, not for the first time, if he shouldn’t have allowed him to join him on this trip.
“Okay,” Steve swallows hard, heart beating harder. “That doesn’t answer the question, though. How did you end up here of all places, Tony? With
“This is real, Tony,” Steve reassures him, firmly. “I’m here and so are you. Hell, before you found me on that beach I had just come back from an alternate future. I was lost, I came back and then there you were. Just like when you found me in the ice.”
Until he
His body fits Tony’s perfectly, like they belong to a matching set. His arms feel at home around Tony’s waist and their legs are tangled together. Neither of them can't asleep, not like this. Not with something as big as
The water is cold. Steve goes numb under it, wondering how much longer he can go without breathing. Wondering how much longer he can hide there, among coral and algae, until he disappears into the sea like a lost anchor. Until he forgets about the grief and loss of living through New America.
Steve stays silent, drinking a sip of coffee. It’s already tepid.
to do. Things that were out of your control.”
“I went to look for you because I remember.”
That’s the part of Steve that screams at him to turn the other way. To drive Tony away. To lower his head in shame in his presence. That… other version of Steve stole from them. And looking at Tony only makes Steve feel like they’re never getting that something back.
echoes in his head.
They stop by a
did. I can’t do it.”
Steve thinks, and it’s such a sad way to see it. For a second, he thinks he can see his own longing reflected in Tony’s tired blue eyes and he wants to believe it. He wants to believe that they can yearn for the same things at the same time, to be in sync like they used to be, once, a long time ago. When they were young and quicker to forgive each other.
“Yes.”
Tony’s smile grows wider.
, Steve thinks, almost with maddening euphoria, stumbling over some rocks as the waves lap at him and his body finally gives itself to shock.
“Okay,” Tony arches an eyebrow at him. “Then, I’m going with you.”
Bridges are a little too metaphorical for Steve. Especially when it comes to Tony. Theirs is a story about destroying and rebuilding bridges.
A lifetime ago, this wouldn’t have been possible. But Steve is a lost man now and Tony has come looking for him. Just to bring him home. Just to let him know that it’s okay to feel like this.
need you.”
Steve closes his eyes underwater—it’s just for a moment. One short, painful moment and nothing else. It’s all he can afford as the smoke from the burning Rampart ship colors the sky grey.
… Only for Tony to come back mere minutes later, holding a plate with a sandwich in one hand and a mug of coffee in the other. His eyes are soft when he walks to Steve to offer him the food and he’s careful, as if not to spook Steve. “You didn’t let me finish, Steve.”
Sometimes, Steve dreams about that, too. He dreams of pulling the plug. He dreams of watching Tony’s solemn face on the video that offered Steve the tools to resuscitate him and choosing to let him die.
Steve’s heart leaps and beats violently faster every time he sees him and then, as awareness comes and sleepiness vanishes, longing squeezes his heart and seizes over it until it pains him. Until there’s no other thing to do but to stop thinking about it.
this.”
“Steve,” Tony grabs his own cup of coffee. It’s dark and probably sugarless, just the way Tony likes it. “I’m here because I’ve been where you are now. And it’s not—pretty. At all. I don’t want you to live this by yourself, I don’t want you to feel alone and guilty for things that you were
He snaps out of his thoughts when the waitress serves them their food and realizes that he doesn’t remember ordering anything. When he notices that his burger is topped with an egg and contains bacon, he can’t help but throw a traitorous fond look at Tony.
“Hey, you,” Steve answers. He reaches for Tony’s face, then buries his fingers on Tony’s soft, dark hair, watching as Tony closes his eyes and hums. “We could have done this a long time ago.”
“It was,” Steve whispers. The smile falls from his face and he lowers his eyes, choosing to fiddle with his napkin. “A lot has happened since then.”
And yet he leans forward and presses his lips against Tony’s in a delicate, almost fleeting kiss.
Wanda. The War. The Incursions. Hydra.
He misses this. He wants the quietness back. He wants the closeness and the easiness of that year Tony spent lying to him. The more Steve looks back at those memories, the calmer his anger becomes. It doesn’t vanish. It doesn’t magically go away. But Steve can
“It’s my favorite,” Steve insists. “I can’t believe you still remember it. You always… you always remember so many little details about me.”
“Before Hydra razed this city to the ground,” Steve breaks the silence, “this… people lived there. People died here. And I don’t know how to deal with so much destruction. Even admitting this hurts.”
Tony seems to pause before speaking, staring at his hands with a frown. His whole seems to deflate as he sighs then, looking defeated. “I’ve been tracking you,” he replies, honestly. “When I woke up from the coma… I downloaded my AI’s memories, to know what I had missed. He was programmed to deliver those memories to me. I didn’t want things to be like the time I wiped my memory clean. I wanted to be aware of everything.”
“It depends.”
“I know.”
again and it’s all he needs, for now.
Maybe Steve will never forgive Tony for wiping his memories. But he can love him again because the truth is that Steve never stopped.
“More than anything.”
Steve’s heart seems to freeze inside his chest, aching with sadness. “I never thought you’d
going on.
Steve’s so tired of rebuilding.
There’s no way to escape this conversation and no way to make Tony see how wrong he is. How to make him see that Steve is responsible for destruction and grief. That carrying with the consequences of the last year has become almost unbearable and all Steve can do is run.
Tony steps away from the bike, standing in front of Steve. He grabs one of Steve’s hands and runs his thumb down the back of it. At some point, it starts to rain, but it takes a while for Steve to notice it. It’s just too subtle and Tony’s right in front of him. Trying to help him bear his pain. And there’s nothing else for Steve, nothing else to think about or to feel. Just grief. And the need to cling to Tony in an attempt to make it all better.
Tony breathes deeply. He seems to steer himself. Appears to be bracing himself for the worst and, for a moment, Steve almost wants to tell him to forget it. It’d be easy to ask Tony to just keep quiet, to not break the immersion. To not interrupt the flow of the fantasy, those silent hours on the road where they don’t talk and they don’t fight and they just...
“A while ago,” Tony admits. He sits at the end of the bed, blue eyes fixed on Steve. The smell of coffee permeates the room, like a lingering trace out of Steve’s dreams. It’s a nice, normal looking motel room. “I woke up, I… well. Riri brought me up to date.”
“Are you sure you want to do this?” Tony leans against the door frame of their latest motel room. He’s wearing one of Steve’s shirt, which sends a thrill down his spine. Like this, Steve needs to take a moment to appreciate all the little details about Tony: how much his hair has grown during the trip, how he has put on some weight. How he seems less and less tired and maybe, just
“Hey,” Tony whispers, smiling, his forehead pressed against Steve’s, an almost conspiratory look on his face. “Can I tell you a secret?”
“You ordered for me.”
“Wanna go home, Shellhead?”
.” Tony begs. “You can move past this. You’re not
“I just want to know,” Steve licks his lips, unsure. He sits on a park bench, expecting Tony to do the same. “I want to know the real reason.
They stop at Fort Pitt Bridge only so Steve can pull aside, contemplate the river. Stretch his legs for a bit. They have been traveling on his new motorcycle, Tony sitting behind him. His arms firm and strong around Steve’s middle. Tony seems lighter than before. Everything about him says fragile as if he had woken up from the coma and just walked away from his pod and towards Steve without a second thought. He tires easily and sometimes he quickly runs out of breath. He sleeps a lot during the night and it’s hard for Steve to wake him up in the mornings. He’s pale and thin, hair just starting to grow back from being shaved. In a way, it transports Steve back to the days after the mindwipe, when he came back to life only to find Tony connected to multiple machines that forced him to stay alive.
People fall in love because they understand that passion shores up the holes that reason can't patch. They fall in love because they're lonely, because they don't want to be lonely, and because they don't have any choice. Sometimes they fall in love because they want to fall in love. Tony wonders at that kind of freedom.
Three yards. Two yards. One yard. Here it comes:
Tony swings his feet over the side of the bed and flinches when the soles of his feet touch the bare floor. He withdraws, recalculates, and gingerly lowers them again. The strangest part of this is how little he hurts; it's all smoothed over, regrown, not really even worth mentioning. Like it didn't even happen. Like Tony didn't cut part of his foot off. If he weren't so tired, he would be enthralled by the suggestion he could remake himself into something perfect. Pain may be the only currency the universe understands, but everyone knows Tony Stark is richer than god.
"Still…"
"Well." The corner of Steve's mouth quirks; Tony can read the expression just from the tone of Steve's voice, but he glances over anyway. "The assignment might have included some covert intelligence gathering."
, an understanding that comes from having seen the worst of each other without passing judgment.
Here's the magic of being a futurist: you never meet anyone like you. You might meet brilliant men and women, intellects who plumbed the depths and soared to the heights of the universe, visionaries who could shape the world around them; but only very, very, very rarely would you meet someone who understood what you understood in the way you understood it. Genius was helpful, yes, vision was necessary, there was the required balance of blazing optimism and blind pragmatism, but—
JK: Come on, Tony.
"Me?" Tony says. "I'm not afraid. When you can futureproof the world, Cap, there's not much to fear." He winks. Like he did earlier at Lila. "I'm overclocking myself. That's all."
JK: I'm hoping I won't have to, but if you resist, I will remind you that you trained Alpha Team yourself. Don't make this harder than it has to be.
The room is cast in dim lighting. There are panels half-lit along the edges of the room, some screens still powered on. One of the workstations has a screensaver that's cycling through different types of pasta. The weirdest fucking people work in places like this; the weirdest, and the most brilliant. Once upon a time Tony cultivated those people, lured them from other companies, scooped them out of academia, gave them a haven when building better bombs got old. Now the only R&D he deals with is the Registration Division, and they stripped him of his armor and authority and left him naked and shivering. How is he supposed to come back from that? He can't even recognize his body anymore. It's as though he's still someone else, some separate thing that lives inside this skin and these bones and pilots it around like all his flesh is just one more suit of armor.
On a personal note, thank you for your support over the past few months. The continued success of
"Okay," Carol says, willing to maintain that polite fiction. "Then make sure Hill didn't booby-trap it."
HH: I remember how you got when Spymaster sold your tech to Hammer.
TS: You think there's a chance he's still alive?
The armor is Tony.
At 6:03:03, Iron Man backhands Captain America, levels his repulsors at whichever SHIELD agents and Avengers were accompanying him, and fires. He levels the field. He
"Yeah," says Happy, "but they don't know you like I do."
Wishing on stars never solved anything, though; it's one more useless tendency he can shed or alter or excise. He prefers the term
On the coffee table behind him is an old General Electric RBD receiver and TCX transmitter set-up. He has newer, smaller, sleeker equipment that could perform that same function, but he dug this out of storage anyway. Broadcasting any message would be the equivalent of declaring that he'd cracked their code; even if he hadn't yet, Cap would know that it would only be a matter of time—days, not years. On the other hand…
He rebuilt it almost from scratch, from the inside out, starting with the control center—that's Tony's brain—and ending with a long string of minute but critical adjustments to the exterior of the armor itself. No more hacking, no more unauthorized access, no more fear; he's still trying to cut back on his sleep, but without the release of an REM cycle every few days, the world begins to unravel at the seams. Happy wouldn't approve, but Happy is no longer a factor.
TS: This was in Antwerp, right?
He sinks down to the floor while he waits—back to the cabinets, knees to his chest. Maybe if he compresses himself into a dense enough body, he'll collapse into himself. Poof. No more Tony Stark, just a black hole the size of a micron.
"No problem," Tony says. Cap starts wiping the counter down; the coffee mug is chipped, and she dumps it out and tosses both the mug and the chip in the trash. That's Stevie all over, always cleaning up the messes other people make. There's an equivalency there that Tony doesn't care to excavate. "Gonna make it up to me?"
"Good call," Tony says. They return to the elevator, Lila running ahead, Tony and Rhodey in lockstep behind. "How long's she staying?"
"You don't have much time," Steve reminds him. Tony half-expects to see the shield strapped to his back, although of course the shield's in better hands; Steve wanted someone else to have it, and Tony could execute that one last thing for Steve.
STARK: How well you know me is definitely a downside. No, kidding again. I'm not sure how definitive of an answer I can give you, but something that's difficult about working with him is how high his standards are. That sounds like the cheap answer, you know, he's Captain America, of course his standards are high—but this isn't a Cap thing, it's a Steve Rogers thing. He's a far cry from perfect, but he always expects himself to act from this place of compassion and… 'honor' is the word I want, if that isn't too romantic... and even when he doesn't meet those standards, he picks himself up and tries again. He doesn't give up that ideal, even when his back's against a wall. When you're around someone like that, how can you not strive to do the same?
ROGERS: If you're uncomfortable—
"Same as you," Stevie says. "Couldn't sleep. Say, pass me the—" Tony tosses her a dishcloth. "Thanks."
Cap blinks a couple of times and then looks back over his shoulder at Tony. "I'm not all that sure, either," he says. "You look tired."
TS: Are you going to tell me why?
"It isn't that easy for me." The cutter's heavy in his hand. He tells Steve, "It isn't that easy for me. You're going to have to hold me down."
"You've been spending too much time around Rhodes," Carol says, scowling.
Why can't Steve
TS: Excuse me?
Cap blocks the edge of the shield with the meat of his forearm. It's enough to make even him stagger; he catches himself against the table and bounces back like a rubber squash ball. One minute the shield is in Tony's hand under Tony's control; the next minute the shield is not. Steve rips it out of his hands and flings it back-handed into a wall. It stays there, wedged into the fissure it created, and Steve uses his momentum to slam his other fist into Tony's side.
In this brave new world, though, Tony has all the tools he needs to excise those weaknesses that lead to lapses in judgment. He hasn't coded out the latent addiction to alcoholism, because that's something he deserves to live with every day, but he has workarounds or the seeds of workarounds for everything else. Some of those workarounds are in alpha; it's fine. He's fine. He has years of experience at this.
"No, nothing," Reed says. "I thought—but I'm not always the best at reading the nuances of relationships."
"Weakness," he says.
He's running out of time.
"We'll have to remove my ability to override you, then."
HP: Sam said more than I ever could.
A pause, punctuated only by the slow, regulated breathing of super-soldier lungs. "You know I do."
became a scab, became covered in crusted blood and shed skin. Under ideal circumstances, you'd have a fluid drip and someone to monitor you while your wetware overwrote itself. Under other circumstances, you crossed your fingers and hoped you didn't die. The mortality rate even under good circumstances was staggering: a terminal stress-test.
"I'm not sure what you're implying with that eyebrow," Tony says.
CB: What do you guys like to watch?
BOWMAN: I'm not as single-minded as everyone believes me to be. Anyway, this is a favor for the guy at the other end of the leash.
JK: Ah, right. Extremis. We have a solution for that. If you don't mind coming out of your shell…
The story started like this: Uther Pendragon, king of all England, saw the wife of the Duke of Tintagel and desired her. She turned him away and fled with her husband (there's the faithfulness, not in her rejection but in their trust and devotion to one another). Uther followed and laid siege and his armies broke on the walls of Tintagel (there's the strength, the courage to publicly flip the bird to the king of all England instead of running away with your lover in the night, which is what Tony would've done if his powers of prophecy had been up to scratch). So one of Uther's knights—one of the really rotten ones, Tony always assumed—he goes to Uther, and he tells Uther about this guy called Merlin—
"Mr. Stark," he says. "To what do I owe the pleasure?"
TS: Just keep standing there and handing me tools. Okay, you're familiar with the idea of the "cutting edge"—
"And this?"
"Good, because she'd flatten you." Tony takes a pawn—his first success of the game. He's sloppy tonight. Sentiment does that to him, like grit in fine machinery. "Faster would be better."
"We're seeking to mitigate as much damage as is practical while preserving as many lives as we can," Reed says. "That's the greater good."
Tony knows he and Steve don't always agree; they think too differently for that, but there's something about having a shared unity of purpose that lends an empathy even greater than similarity. "Maybe," Tony says. "But there's no point in seeing the future when you can't take that knowledge back with you."
"You look like someone who should be picking up litter on the side of the highway." He didn't come here to needle her, but it's hard to resist—there's always been a touch of what might be termed sibling rivalry between them, even if it's shot through with a dispassionate sexual history that largely amounted to them sleeping together to blow off steam between projects. No, the really damning part is that he
"But you came anyway."
"She's got enough on her hands with high school," says Rhodey. "She doesn't need you recruiting her to your R&D department for at least another decade. Give her a chance to be a kid, Tone."
BIRCH: Does he mind that you call him 'Cap?' Some would consider that disrespectful.
"There you go! Car Guy gets it. What do you do? You build a better system.
"I'm out," Tony says.
DAEDALUS: They won't love you for it.
She's there at Happy's bedside, of course, leaning forward, her elbows braced on her knees and her face hidden in her hands. Maybe she's crying. Maybe she isn't. Is she praying? Does Pepper pray? Happy would've been praying, had their positions been reversed—he would've been talking at her, too, pleading and prodding her until she'd have no choice but to wake up just so he'd give her a moment's rest. Pepper, though, she just sits, maybe crying, maybe praying, maybe lost, stiller than Happy himself.
"Thank you, Friday," he says, and the ghost in his ear whispers back: "You're welcome."
"Damn it, why can they never build a prison that can hold these guys?" Clint says.
Maybe that's where Friday picked up the nickname. "Don't I always?" he says, as if his fault lines aren't showing, as if this is just one more grand lark—Team Iron Man thwarting SHIELD and fighting the bad guy of the day. Was it ever like that?
"I had to see for myself," Sue says. "Or maybe I had to try to do for you what I wish someone had done for Reed and me."
HH: Yeah. Brain-machine interface.
In the most basic and reflexive sense, he still thinks of
"You can't bribe into staying," Tony says. "I can't do it anymore."
"Yinsen saved my life half a dozen times," Stark says. "That isn't exaggeration. He was one of the most brilliant men I've ever met, and coming from me, that's saying something. Medicine, biomechanical engineering, physics—he was straight out of the Renaissance.  He was a damn good chess player, too. Like to start with black." Stark chuckles and flashes the warm but practiced smile of a businessman. "I used to think he wanted the handicap."
"Good thing I like you back," Tony says. "Even if you do make discouraging remarks about my youthful virility. That's slander, I could sue."
"What a short-sighted idiot," Tony says, and that's how he ends up preparing to sneak out of his own building to LaGuardia at two in the morning.
He shunts it to voicemail without waiting for Friday's intervention.
DAEDALUS: That little side project of yours turned out to be pretty important.
"Long enough," she says. She's backlit by the skyline, because even the kitchen in the Avengers' home had to have the best view around. The shadows render her a different kind of invisible—a black hole rather than a reflection. "I thought if I could get you alone…"
is that Tony spent his life thinking he was wed to the country, the company, the bottle, the design, and then comes this upstart in star-spangled mail—
HP: Anything to add, Shellhead?
It's right there, on the tip of his tongue, but the connection isn't coming. He has all the pieces but none of the insight required to string them together. Steve stares back at him, impassive; there's the clarity he requires. Meanwhile Tony is carrying the kind of tiredness that leeches meaning and color from the world around him. He no longer has the energy to censure himself for wanting to sleep. He just wants to be done. Is that so much to ask?
On his better days, it reminded him that sometimes an Arthur could be born from a terrible union.
4172980004.1.1.1.1
"Boss?" Friday says.
"He's brilliant," Tony counters.
"Great."
"Since I wasn't planning on asking, that's such a relief. Have I ever mentioned that I tingle when you give me unsolicited orders?"
STARK: You really did your research. Yeah, we meet up for matches whenever we can.
"You have access to my biometrics."
SR: Fight crime.
"I can't tell if that's an informercial or pornography, by the way," Tony says.
He doesn't flip back his faceplate. He removes the helmet altogether: by hand, without any flashy foldaway, like a knight taking off his sallet, and he sets it on the dining table, and then he reabsorbs the portion of the undersuit that covers his head, folds its molecular chains back into tidy coils beneath his bones. Steve watches with his jaw set so firmly Tony can see his teeth grinding, can see his masseter muscle flex, can see the tension headache starting to build at the front of his skull.
The funding started to run out.
"No comments from the peanut gallery," Tony says.
STARK: Thanks, I try. What was that about a partnership?
"Good," Steve says, with none of the hesitance Tony would have anticipated. That's Steve—he manages to be a surprise, even when Tony has access to the most accurate predictive software in the world backed by his own intuitive gift for extrapolation. "Gearing up for a big deep-cover op. She was angry that Hill pulled her away from her preparations to run a milk errand."
The soldiers had still had their hands around his wrists, but now they touched skin rather than a flawless golden lattice. They were touching his skin. Nobody had touched Tony since Steve Rogers tried (first with his shield and then with his bare hands) to beat Tony to death in the middle of a Manhattan street. Having someone else erase that last touch is profane, it's disturbing. It makes Tony dirty. The last person to touch Tony had been Steve and now these strangers had come along to touch him instead, and what should make Tony angry only makes him feel washed away and vacant. Of course they'd take this from him. Of course they'd leave him naked and sagging in front of his own men. Of course he couldn't keep that perfect last touch, Steve's final gift to him, the sort of gift that was beautiful and useful and so exquisite it hurt like a blow to the head. He'd folded it gently into memory, but now that's been ripped from him, too.
"Please," Tony counters, "you know I'm the ringmaster." This is absurd. They both know he isn't going to D.C. for the dog-and-pony show, but Dugan isn't going to say it, and Tony sure as hell isn't going to say it, and Friday for once is keeping her mouth shut, so they're stuck in this fucking circular conversation until one of them breaks and cuts the line.
All right. Okay.
"Pep," Tony says, as gently as he can manage. She starts anyway, jerks upright. Her eyes are clear.
Tony plays What If the way some people play chess: to sharpen his instincts, inure him to his flaws, and develop his ability to value strategy over sentiment. It works. On some level, his plans always work.
"We almost started without you," she says. There's an empty chair between her and Steve, who sits at the foot of the table. Jan's at the head. Clint, Monica, Jessica, Luke, and Adam take up the rest of the seats. Natasha and Peter are absent.
"No room for absolution here," Tony says, and it's true; they deal with
The cost of maintaining a single suit of Iron Man armor is astronomical, but it's the rush of piloting it that's priceless. He used to get the same feeling as a kid on roller coasters, had gone through a phrase where he thought he'd design roller coasters for a living, had gone through a phase where he actually
Why didn't he take the helmet off?
"You aren't thinking clearly."
DAEDALUS: But when the work you're doing is groundbreaking on a global scale… Every year we're delayed means more lives lost to natural causes.
"You don't think you should…"
Tony builds a symphony of justification. The second movement, a theme foreshadowed in the remarks of Trish Tilby, goes like this:
He'd learned lessons far more complicated, but none that were more useful. Howard made Tony fire the gun until he could steel himself against the noise and the force of it; by the end of the day, they had used eight hundred rounds, and Tony was quivering not from anticipation but from muscle fatigue. Later, when he told that story, his audience tried to convince him that Howard had been pushing Tony too hard; but Tony didn't agree. His father had been a bastard, but he'd understood the way the world fit together, and that day at the range all he'd been trying to do was make Tony understand, too. It was, in the end, good advice, and Tony wrote it into his own personal code of chivalry.
No one's in here with him except the two ghosts he carried in himself, but—
"I stopped in D.C. on the way back," Steve adds.
HH: You think that's possible? Better people?
What he wants to ask Carol is if she ever looked at Drew and felt shame.
CB: Shoot, I ran out of room on my recorder.
He drops his forehead into the palm of his hand and thinks about terminal solutions. Dennis Kellard, Yasin Renada, and Jackson Norriss had all been part of the Ten Rings cell that had held Tony hostage in Afghanistan. Norriss had filmed the ransom video sent to Stark Industries; Kellard and Renada had done worse. Andrei Gorlovich would probably be next—he'd been the one to personally put a bullet in Yinsen—and while in the abstract their deaths meant nothing to Tony, he was very rapidly breaking down under the strain of being forced into the role of executioner. Knowing that he was under someone else's control was terrifying. The time loss reminded him of the blackouts he'd used to have before he stopped drinking, and the lack of autonomy was enough to make him scream until his voice blew out.
HH: We both know it is. And that's okay, boss, you're doing the right thing. Just don't let the cost get too high, all right?
Please
SR: Not from most people.
It's a little schmaltzy for Tony, a little more rote than his usual fare; he's pretty great at off-the-cuff extemporaneous speaking, but he's gambling that this audience isn't going to love him if he presents them with flash and logic and three random anecdotes followed by a lecture on particle theory that build to a finely-honed point. Summation, submission, tie it up in a neat bow: done.
Avengers are spilling out of the kitchen; someone turns on the lights and Tony blinks hard and tightens his pupils. Peter, still in costume, jerks his thumb towards the window and asks, "Hey, Cap, should I vamoose?"
Steve draws up beside him. Tony can just see him in periphery: his strong, straight nose, his fine eyelashes, the stern line of a mouth made more generous by familiarity. He's wearing the union suit, but his face is bare.
"And Sharon?"
"Any idea why me?" There are half a dozen more obvious or better qualified choices. Dum Dum's not even the lowest on that list.
"There's always another way," Steve says, stubborn, because he's the real kind of hero, the kind that's solid all the way through, the kind that doesn't have any hidden hollows where he stores his machinations.
"I'm not going," Tony repeats. "Not this time, Cap. Sorry. Friday and Doctor Brashear will have to handle recon for you."
Tony feels like his skin's going to dissolve and leave him naked. No—he feels like the armor's going to dissolve and leave him naked. There's no longer much of a difference. He turns away from Steve because he's always turning away from Steve and focuses instead on the body laid out on the table. Six foot, one ninety-five, possessed of the ability to light herself on fire (an astonishingly common gift) if not with the blistering power of Johnny Storm. She'd gone missing three months ago and had only turned up recently, dying but not dead, in a farm field in Iowa. The hospital had contacted the police, and the police had contacted SHIELD, and by the time Tony got to the hospital the woman was dead. Her lips had been burned off, which should have been an impossibility. And now she's laid out here, on this slab of a table, for Tony to disassemble.
TS: Friday, my little eavesdropper, bring up the gauntlet model. Let's talk gravity grip.
CB: Thank you, Friday. And Captain Rogers, thank you for taking the time to sit down with us.
Tony smirks. "Jealous?" he says, aware that Rhodey will hang on every last
He flinches in anticipation of a seventh blow that doesn't come. A deep shudder runs through him, but when Steve retreats from his field of vision, Iron Man discovers a reserve of energy. He considers it, calculates whether his body can still move. A painfully long time later, he stands. Rogers has dropped his shield; he's staring with the thousand-yard vacancy of a man who can't believe what he's seeing.
"Yes," says Maya. "Can you imagine what the boy feels, knowing what you took from him? I can."
SR: Please, call me Steve.
. Iron Man has always been about possibility.
"Are you sure you aren't jumpin' the gun?"
"I wouldn't know," Steve says. "But Natasha would."
TS: We both like epics and documentaries.
Reed hasn't continued. He's still looking over the blueprints, probably studying Tony's electronic protective measures. It's crazy to think that Happy's blood is on the paper, but there's a smudge in one corner, right next to Reed's forefinger, that almost looks like—but then Reed sweeps his hand over the paper, and the eraser shavings drift to the floor. Reed's not talking because Reed is lonely. He's alone. He's not like Tony, accepting of company but ultimately the sole occupant of his workshop sanctuary. Reed has family. Reed needs his family. He's admitted as much to Tony before.
BOWMAN: Millennia.
STARK: Sure. Better count Rhodey, too—can't have him getting jealous.
"Thank you, Mr. Stark," Senator Lansing says. He's known her for years; she was a corporate executive before she sold her soul to politics, but she's not the worst person in the room. "I speak for the rest of the room when I say we wouldn't have accomplished half so much without your support."
TS: It's what he would've wanted. He deserves the chance to rest.
Tony hits a blank wall and drifts over to the bookcase. There's all the authors you'd expect, if you were Tony Stark and you knew Steve Rogers: Bill Mauldin, Frederick Douglass, Doris Kearns Goodwin, J.R.R. Tolkien. There's all the titles you wouldn't expect:
"Tell Rhodey..."
STARK: Steve—
No. There were redundancies. But if they'd failed—
"The CSA could call me off," he says.
Jack Kooning heaves a sigh that indicates he's carrying the weight of the world, that he acts solemnly and according to duty, that he doesn't want to deliver the heavy burden of news but knows he must.
JK: If you allow us to, we can.
"Fix what?"
"Tony," Pepper says. She has Happy with her. Great. He can't remember the last time they double-teamed him. It's never as fun as he's expecting. At one point he thought it was great that his personal-assistant-chauffer-bodyguard married his executive-assistant-life-coach, but it turns out that marriage has only made them better at waylaying him.
TS: Damage control. Is that so.
"Do you remember," Steve says—soft, glacial, inexorable— "Do you remember when you sat down in the snow and waited to die?"
SR: Is that a threat, Avenger?
He shook hands with the devil so he could sleep at night; and now here the devil is, walking through the door, educated and erudite and genial and with all the serpentine intent in the world behind his eyes.
"Yes," Tony manages.
STARK: C'mon, it's a book
He improved the cybernetic link, enhanced the limited onboard AI to a true, full sentience, but when desperation and opportunity had brought him to Extremis, he had discarded the thirdfi-party interface entirely. Extremis wasn't nanites in his blood, it wasn't a cybernetic relay that translated between his brain and machinery; Extremis was an enhancile that hacked his body's repair center to manually restructure his body and brain. He could think faster, move faster, send and receive wireless signals, rewrite his own software when the old code wouldn't do.
This delivery technique could use a little refinement.
Iron Man decloaks just before he touches down ten feet away from Rogers in the empty street. He isn't sure how they cleared the civilians out of here so far, but trust Cap to have thought of everything.
"Okay, let's reframe this conversation. What do you do with your computer when it won't do what you want it to do? Let's say you're trying to crunch some numbers on the viability of doubling the thrust of your jet-powered roller skates, but the crappy little notebook with the pre-installed software that you bought from one of Stark Industries' competitors can't keep up. What do you do?"
"Cut the crap. I don't want whatever lines you feed Jack Kooning and his buddies on the golf course. I want to know why Tony Stark—why
Friday tilts her head and considers. "Post-Extremis, you don't process the same way you did before. Makes sense that there's some glitches when you're thinkin' through new neural pathways."
"That's the five-year plan," Tony says. "We're going the distance, haven't you heard? And what sets SI apart from competitors is innovation."
All right.
"Only to folks I like," Steve says, and Tony enjoys the sound of that so much that he plants one on his blue-eyed boy, morning breath and all.
Tony yawns and rolls over. "Hey, soldier," he says, and then he catches the time on the wall panel over Steve's shoulder and grins. "Little late for a relic like you to still be in bed. Afraid you'll miss the early-bird special down at the waffle house?"
BIRCH: Who wins?
to. The Maya Hansens of the world would laugh at his bleeding heart, no doubt.
He's being very calm about this. Very rational. It's that, or he curls up in a corner and drinks himself to death. The idea isn't without appeal, but he didn't make it this far by allowing what he wants to do get in the way of what needs to be done.
NB: She's pretty traumatized. Doesn't recall much, but you're welcome to try provided you don't mind taking me into the room with you.
He swallows another yawn.
HH: Kind of goes against what's natural.
"Tony."
TS: Did you say you were going by the community center? I have a few things to pass along to the project manager, she should be on-site today.
"Sometimes I wonder if we're doing the right thing."
Tony stimulates his nervous system in a way that imitates the effects of a jolt of adrenaline, but it doesn't stop his eyes from falling half-shut.
"No, sir," Tony says.
Did his father
DAEDALUS: And you're committed to airborne distribution?
"Who?" she says. "Is that really more interesting than
"I know. They shouldn't have been there."
"Go ahead," he says. "Take a look around."
"You won't need this," she adds, which is followed by a crack that Tony understands as his lifeline breaking. He hurts. Everything hurts. How did she hit him so hard? Maya's on the tall side of average for a woman, but she has the whipcord build of someone often too absorbed to eat and more likely to drink her calories when she remembers she's hungry. "It strikes me as notably short-sighted that you apparently came here alone." She crouches down, takes him by the chin. She forces him to look. "Without the armor." The blood from his ear is running into his eyes. "How arrogant of you. What did you ever hope to accomplish?"
"Aw, Rhodey, you know I get all the hero-worship I need from you."
? Was his deficiency so obvious it was written across his face at eight and seven and four? How could he hide it, when it was that plain? How could he purge it? What was so wrong with him, that even as a child people could tell—
cornfield murder
. He's
"The Avengers are a response team. A community," Steve corrects.
"Some whole that we must make sick?" he says.
BOWMAN: I'm aware.
"What did Merlin want?"
"D.C."
"Technically, it falls under the umbrella of the Registration Division."
"There has to be a common thread," he says, and then pulls a face inside the armor. It's the first time he's been aware of having a face in weeks. "There
"It made you worse," Steve retorts. "You've always put too much stock in technology, but this…" He swears. "It robs what makes you a person. You don't understand—"
At one point, Steve had been one of the people running security checks. He liked to keep an eye on anyone around or in space that the Avengers used, "and that means your quarters, too, Tony," which was laughable in light of Tony's penthouse being little more than a glorified dressing room, touching in the way that Steve's gestures always were, and painful in this newer and harsher existence. Now, Tony runs security checks on his people to make sure they weren't sent by Steve.
journals. Pictures. In the end, he left it as it was, without worth, filled with nothing, all hollow on the inside.
TS: Hand me that—yeah, thanks. Go ahead, tell me again.
STARK: Can we get a mike on her? Thanks. What's your name?
and she's so tired. Maybe—
"I'm fine," Tony repeats, although the idea of a nap on the cot he keeps in a corner isn't as immediately
"We'll have a better support staff for you, too. More people on your level, people who you can delegate to." The door swings open; Jack looks up. "There we go," he says, "here's one of those people now."
When he fights his way back to consciousness, he wishes he could say he's lit up with a moment of clarity. His body is lit up, the ear renewed, the heel intact; it's the first thing he checks, and seeing the smooth bag of his skin stretched over the architecture of his foot makes his vision swim. Cutting off his heel feels like a dream, like something he'd done so casually it amounted to nothing more than removing one module of his armor before replacing it with another.
"This," she snarls, "is because you made me a FOOTNOTE. You made me a footnote to
BOWMAN: I believe it could be a contributing factor, yes. It's a first step.
He's lacking in certainty. That's what Reed is missing. He's occasionally unsure, but he always has this
Ralston's old-school. He's not a fan of the SRA, voted against it, has been a vocal critic—but the law is the law. Ralston respects the law. He's here to make sure no one abuses it.
Tony drops like a rock beside her. "Cheeseburger," he says. "What's the damage?"
8470297.1.40.209
, but Tony Stark has only transition. He passes from one side of the stage to the other, bathed in light, capable of holding the attention of the entire audience on him, dazzling enough that he can make them forget that behind and above and below is only the dark. Tony can't forget. Tony doesn't have the luxury of forgetting.
. Over the past two years, Stark, already untouchable, has climbed threateningly close to the pinnacle of the mountain. He went from occasional expert witness to a mainstay of the Department of Defense's payroll, and from there to SHIELD consultant. By the time the Registration Act passed, half of Congress was nestled in his pocket and he was well on his way to absolute control over SHIELD and its subsidiary entities. That language is by far the most applicable; Stark is running SHIELD the same way he runs his Fortune 500 company but with far less success.
"Have you, Tony?" Steve wants to know.
"You don't have time to argue with me, Cap."
"What did Ulfius say?" Steve has a tactician's ability to scent where a story is going.
BIRCH: Is that a serious offer?
Tony drops through a hole in the floor of the quinjet hangar and lands two floors below in the dining room. There's a blue oval that resolves itself into the top of Steve's head as Tony's trajectory curves downward. Steve's in full battle dress, shield and cowl, waiting with his eyes trained on the sky.
HP: Then… thank you, Cap.
"And after we get you there?"
"Not a problem," he summarizes. Not a problem, not after years of working out ways to let his tissue-paper body in a tin-can suit withstand the Melter and Radioactive Man, the cold of space and the high heat of magma. A burning building, even a burning chemical plant, is nothing. People look at the armor and they think that's it, that's the trick, but the real trick is everything they can't see—the inertial systems that let him survive a hundred g's of force, the gravitational manipulation that works in concert with his repulsors to let him fly, the sophisticated converters that let him walk through a burning building without being cooked alive. What good is theory without application?
TS: That's the problem.
"All this, and you really believe I don't have a failsafe?" the kid says.
STARK: I'm not here to talk politics. Next question.
At 6:03:02, Steve drops from a rooftop and sprints forward. There are other people with him; Tony can't process their faces.
That's closer, although he could work on his phrasing.
He's just so bare. The denotation is that he's open to suffering but the connotation is that someone has grasped his hair and tipped his head back so the bare line of his throat is laid shivering and sensitive before the teeth of the blind universe. Vulnerable is the watchword.
"I'm not talking about this mess," Steve says. "You know what I'm talking about."
He turns to face Steve, and finds Steve calm, wry, and amused.
It's perfect. It's the perfect image, the perfect morning, as refined over the course of a decade by a man skilled at playing What If. He tweaks it sometimes—Steve wakes up grumpy, or Tony does; their bickering has more edge before it softens; instead of talking, Steve rouses him with slow, soft kisses, first on his neck and then, once Tony starts to stir, on his mouth. In that perfect morning, Tony is secure enough in Steve's love to tease him about money. In that perfect morning, Tony's adoration is not a burden. In that perfect morning, constructed and refined after years of fabrication and testing,
), the world's worst timing, and the usual impeccable taste of the media combined in a perfect shitstorm of circumstances to make superhero regulation the hottest issue of the year.
He has yet to engineer the perfect metaphor. Luckily for the genius industrialists of the world, all arguments are made up and the means don't matter, not when the end is this:
TS: You can't lock the armor down.
STARK: The idea that I'm a magician, that's a mischaracterization. I like to have contingency plans. I don't—I don't always do the best job of telling other people what I'm thinking.
"All I'm sayin' is that it isn't like you. Rushing in, no plan, no backup—well, maybe that last one isn't as surprising."
here, or are you just planning on using our meeting as another photo op?"
3542546.16799.3
"She vanished."
I can speak to the fact that it's bullcrap. Causation versus coincidence. Look it up. Go ahead, Ms. Tilby.
TS: Which means everything else, plus fundraising.
JK: The cornfield kidnappings? That's part of the problem.
"SHIELD's tryin' to requisition SI records," Happy says.
Come on, Avenger. Time to get to work.
His heart is thundering.
Friday pauses, and in that pause Tony reads her pleasure at having her own told-you-so moment. "Unfortunately," she says, "unfortunately, it seems like the former Director of SHIELD saw fit to upgrade SHIELD's equipment to better detect advanced camouflage. For instance, the sort of stealth capability built into every iteration of your armor other than the most recent."
"It matters."
Extremis is an entire other topic of conversation. It's not a What If; it's a What Is, maybe the most glorious What Is to come from Tony's brain other than the Iron Man itself. It's programmable, versatile, incredible. Extremis allows you to rewrite
BIRCH: You're close with the Fantastic Four, aren't you?
• 6h ago
Tony's heart has been perfect for years. No more bum ticker throbbing away in a jagged tattoo; his heartbeat now is strong, steady, an even drumbeat stretching from the present into the future. Sometimes at night he presses his palm over his ear and listens to the regimented tempo of it. Maybe he isn't as broken as he thought. Maybe he can function not as a great man but as a good man, someone whose selfishness is balanced by moments of grace. Maybe the harm he does will be outweighed by his kindnesses.
Police are looking for Gary Grey, 68, a retired woodworker and shop teacher.
"Meeting with the Senate Homeland Security Subcommittee, press conference to follow. You wanted to go over those cybernetics breakthroughs from the Far East Division, that's a teleconference with Doctor Endo at whatever time the both of you are still awake—"
No—it's more true to say that some part of Igraine is always trapped in Tintagel, stuck on the eve of defeat and deceit. Tony is supposed to be a king, a knight-errant, a heroic figure in gleaming plate, but instead he's stuck here in this tower under siege from every side.
In a perfect world, he wouldn't even need to go supersonic on the flight home from the New York Women's Correctional Facility. In a perfect world, he wears the armor for the sheer hell of it, forgoes the car, forgoes the drive, follows the Hudson all the way back to Manhattan. He pulls a couple of aileron turns over the Lincoln Tunnel and then heads straight into a vertical climb, up and up and up, away from the lights of the city below and towards the lights of the stars above. When he reaches the apex of his climb, he cuts his thrust and stalls; and for the span of a heartbeat, he hangs there suspended before gravity pulls him back down.
Hill yells on open broadcast.
But through the lens of their anger, they will never understand each other.
TS: Pepper. Pep. You have… there's his living will, his power of attorney. You don't need me to…
. He lives in that liminal space where thought translates to reality; give him a problem, and his shoulders are broad enough to move the world.
Best of luck,
TS: Hey, Happy. What's the word?
Jack says, which means he knows that Tony's coming alone, in the armor, without the helicarrier.
"Stand down," Cap says. They don't listen, so he bellows in his battlefield voice,
BOWMAN: Of course it is, but we aren't really arguing objective value. What we're talking about is perception, that disconnect between the internal state and what the external world assigns as motive. Tony is a textbook case. This Registration bullshit, for example. Do you really believe he's leading the charge because he thinks it's the right thing to do?
"Yes."
"She's always recording, unless I ask her not to. Which, and this isn't a slight on you, is usually when I have less clothing on. I didn't get the impression that we're having a naked brainstorming session, but…" But what? Tony abruptly lacks the energy to bring his usual parade of verboseness around to a point. It's just gone, the willingness, the performative investment in trading shallow wit for attention, it's gone, it's like someone siphoned it away. There isn't any point in pretending with Reed anyway. Reed cares, but Reed also understands the bigger picture; Tony's wants are unimportant when weighed against the issues at hand.
TS: Don't you guys have tickets to a show?
Tony knows. He always knows.
"Keep going."
Time to get dressed.
His last visit he pays alone.
DAEDALUS: Your version of the long view accounts for centuries of progress—
"Have you heard from Sue?"
TS: This isn't going in the book, is it?
stealing money.
STARK: Me too.
For the first hour of the day he managed glibness; it's easy to be glib with Friday, to be glib with himself, but Pepper deserves better, and that kind of attitude won't fly with the good ol' boys of HomeSec. Tony's position is tenuous. He's playing the appeasement game: act good, and be absolved. See how Tony is justified by works and not by faith alone? No
DAEDALUS: I could use a vacation. What about you?
"Because they're sentient," Tony says. "Because it's hard to program limits into AGI so they won't abuse or be abused by the system. Because we're one immoral competitor away from Ultron."
"Tony," Reed says solemnly, "we are the insomniacs."
"Not that the media's paid much attention. And far be it for me to suggest you stop fixating."
Over Boynton's shoulder, he sees Steve. His face is cool and certain, impassive and righteous.
What he really wants is for Hill to stop talking about his relationship with Steve. Tony isn't blind; although most of the people around him tend to treat him like he's excluded from the secret, he's aware that 'intense' is not a strong enough word for how he behaves around Steve. He does his best to spin it: friendship, a respect that verges on hero-worship, a craven envy of all the things Tony isn't. Very few people are in a position to suspect the truth, because it would ruin him if it got out. Pepper and Rhodey have wondered, probably, because they know Tony too well. Happy, because he's the only guy who can make Tony feel dumb. Natasha, maybe, although who the hell knows what she thinks behind that Soviet reserve? Rumiko might've guessed; but Tony hopes she hadn't.
He can still call Hill. She's aware that something is amiss, that three high-ranking Ten Rings members turning up dead with the forensic signature of repulsor weapons means Tony Stark—surely she's made it that far. Hill is ferociously competent. He's surprised she hasn't tried to have him arrested. There's a chance she believes he's being framed, or maybe that someone else got their hands on RT schematics, but neither of those are reasonably likely. Tony is wildly, rabidly defensive of his technology, and the repulsor tech is the Arkenstone in his vast horde of invention. The shrapnel in his heart that was the genesis of the Iron Man was put there by a land mine he'd designed as a college student.
"I told you the labs were down here."
Reed looks up, startled. "We shouldn't," he says, and Tony knows what he means by that: there are too many other things that need tending. Massive things, monumental things. Rest comes to the deserving.
"What is it a study of, Tony?"
SR: Yes.
The cabinet's empty, but it wouldn't be hard to find libations if he wanted to find libations. The tower is full of temptation; there's whiskey, wine, vodka, he knows a couple of his VPs keep their offices stocked with beer and cocktail mixers, he could find, he could manufacture, he could buy or steal—
"It's… going," Tony says. "Slowly. Some of the initiatives are proceeding more efficiently than others. Camp Hammond's training program for let's say gifted youngsters has already demonstrated its efficacy. We hope to launch something similar for more experienced peacekeepers who need additional support in mastering their abilities and handling crisis situations."
BIRCH: And she's married to your driver—
he also found time to buzz D.C., Denver, and upstate New York between coming up with diabolical schemes. Guess it pays to be rich
"Gotta work with what we have. Do it."
Is that what they're calling it these days?
. It's right there, sitting on his tongue, ready to share with the world; but Tony, who spent most of the past decade atoning for the many and varying sins he committed even without the excuse of brainwashing, is already wondering whether he's strong enough to carry the weight of a sin even more abhorrent still. It's the same quantum leap in thinking that carried him to the armor, the same revelatory transformation that came over him after the death of his parents—pain as the lash to drive him towards what is, if not transcendent, at least survivable; if not better, at least necessary.
Said lead detective Selina Galli: "This kind of exotic weaponry is unusual, but it makes identifying the suspect much easier. Renada collected a number of enemies thanks to his line of work… We're investigating every possibility."
"We'll head back to D.C. when we're finished," Tony says. "They'll swear me in, maybe during a U.N. assembly, and I'll give you the keys to this cherry ride and move into the big boy helicarrier."
"Then don't flinch."
STARK: Must've been during her media blitz a few years ago. I did sponsor Carol through AA, but she's done all the hard work herself.
"Because your father gave his life for me."
DAEDALUS: Like the Mandarin? Isn't he dead now?
STARK: Do what?
"And then," Tony says, "I'm going to get some sleep."
"Don't touch anything at all!" Rhodey calls after her.
"Killing Gorlovich would please me," the kid says, "but that isn't my primary objective. It's nice collateral, that's all. What would you call what I was doing, if not making you dance like a puppet?"
"And the registry itself?" asks Ralston.
He takes the first set and leaves the second. Nobody will be looking at his face anyway.
, and Tony had figured out the
"Better watch out, or she might sell your company secrets to Fortune 500—"
SR: Patton.
"You're a sarcastic little bundle of superintelligence."
, an innocuous bit of trivia that speaks of a much deeper-seated focus on publicity.
"It's equally true that not every person who adopts an alter-ego to fight criminal elements is up to the challenge or even worthy of taking part in the tradition. America's leaders have a responsibility to make sure America's heroes are deserving of the name. The legislation enacted by this subcommittee ensures that we as a country are taking the best possible care of our peacekeepers and our citizens."
"Notify Danvers. I want the Avengers on the ground now. Hold all SHIELD units in reserve," Iron Man tells Director Hill. "We're finishing this fight
"I'm on vacation, that's worth at least four birthdays," Lila argues.
SR: Got it.
Tony considers the suit. It won't be much protection, but the fabric is a special weave that came right out of SIR&D. At least he won't be naked.
, much less that it's located deep in the foundation of Stark Tower.
That was before Steve decided Tony deserved to die, but the papers are all still there: driver licenses, passports, credit cards. Steve had even had the foresight to use less iconic photos of Tony, which means one driver's license bears a picture of him with scruff almost thick enough to call a beard, surely taken after three or four weeks locked in his garage to work on a new project; and the other has a photo captured during one of his rare periods with no facial hair. That Tony's cheeks are flushed, his eyes bright, his laughter barely contained; if you hadn't lived inside him, you would've thought him free from sin.
TS: In the strictly biological sense, yeah. Maybe even in the behavioral sense, figuring out ways to be kinder to each other, but the first one's a little more clear-cut. When you can improve quality of life, when you can take steps to ensure survival of the species, when you can open doors of discovery that were previously shut… don't you have an obligation to do that?
"Really," says Osborn, and his smile grows and grows. "Well now. Good thing for you that I've turned over a new leaf."
"An engineer and an entrepreneur, huh? Dangerous combination." If he times this right, the effect on someone who thinks like Lila thinks is going to be spectacular.
Tony nodded, took the gun from Howard. They reloaded it together; this time, Howard showed him how to use a speed loader. Tony lifted the gun, looked at the target. He squeezed the trigger. In the fractional second between when he started applying pressure to the trigger and when the hammer hit the firing pin, his body once again tensed and recoiled against the instructions of his brain. At that age it was the most vivid illustration of all the ways your self can betray you that he had yet encountered.
"That's need-to-know." Once upon a time, Tony would have said it flippantly. Arrogantly. With a tone intended to push buttons. Now, it's a flat fact. Wooden, even: matte. No light is reflected.
"No," Tony says, "don't answer that." He shoves one dangling earbud in his ear as he hops into his socks. "Not even the stealth suit?"
SR: That's true.
"We've sacrificed a lot for this opportunity," Stark added. "Let's hope it's worth it."
Okay, look, the business with Hammer was—it wasn't ideal, and I cannot deny that, but I took action because the tech Hammer was disseminating was dangerous. It had consequences. I did what I thought was necessary to save lives.
"Do I need to talk to any doctors?"
Back when he still slept, Tony used to have this dream. It started like this; he can't remember if it was a nightmare. All he has to do is tip backwards and sink into the bed, which would catch his body as he sank into it and support him against the firm even pressure of gravity pulling him down, and he could find out. All he has to do is tip backwards and let himself fall until his body goes lose and heavy and then he could close his eyelids and maybe he wouldn't even dream. He can't remember if in the dream he was dreaming; all his nightmares are in the waking world.
"Yes," Hill says.
"What do you think that is?" Steve asks.
He's suddenly struck by the thought that someone should clean out Steve's room. He's suddenly struck by the thought that
... guess I don't want to believe that." Which is different from not believing that Tony would violate the sanctity of this graveyard in that way; but it's something.
The kid smiles. "Look," he says. "We do agree on something. That's right. My father gave his life for you, and you have done nothing to deserve it. You said you would stop manufacturing weapons, but every day you put it on—Iron Man, the most dangerous weapon you can imagine. And who is better at imagining weapons than Tony Stark?"
"Plans," Reed says. "Yes, of course." He pauses, pins down the corner of a blueprint with three fingers, studies the design: it's for a community center, one of those projects that had seemed important until the country decided to act out some kind of Orwellian parable. The right side isn't always the winning side; but neither is reality as easy to parse as fable.
He still has full access to his communications suite, so he starts there, pulls up a map giving him locations of the Avengers based on their ID cards, integrates footage from nearby security cameras, compares that to recorded biodata on Steve's basal survivable state. Another level of his attention is occupied with attempting to crack the execution program itself; a third is searching for a way to activate the armor's automatic shutdown. He integrates the results and arrives at a conclusion. While he's occupied, the armor closes his hand around Steve's throat.
"That's not a no."
STARK: I think we can both agree that it's kind of my book.
Tony walked in here unarmored and unarmed, not even the briefcase at his side; he is
Until Director Hill strides forward and claps a pair of handcuffs on him. Two SHIELD agents flank her, and more fall into place once they're sure Rogers is secured.
STARK: She went on record with that?
When you can't help anyone else, you have to help yourself.
Authorities have yet to publicly announce the cause of the collision, but an unnamed American source says the physical evidence points to deliberate sabotage. The same source claims that a high-ranking member of the Ten Rings terrorist organization was traveling on the flight under an assumed identity.
How can he argue with that? He can't. Lila isn't really one of his kindnesses. He doesn't care about her only out of altruism, because she's Rhodey's niece, or out of mutual interest, because he sees himself in her. He cares about her because he can construct a What If with her as the foundation, a What If that puts the future of his company in her hands.
It would be so easy.
At some point Igraine always goes back in the tower.
"Tony—"
That prison is perhaps the most audacious of Stark's many abuses precisely because it has very little to do with the SRA. Stark and his allies originally proposed the project with the spin that no currently existing facility was sufficient to hold violators of the SRA, but an unnamed source within the Pentagon recently verified that most active resistors are instead detained at a facility located near the Camp Hammond complex. In contrast, Prison 42 is now home to some of the country's most dangerous criminals—including Franklin Hall, Ophelia Sarkissian, and Norman Osborn—but, strangely, not many of them: Prison 42 currently operates at only 15% capacity (although the prison is far from being finished; that the facility is ready to house any prisoners at all speaks of a suspicious degree of foreknowledge).
Tony killed seventy-six people in the past week. He might kill another tomorrow. Steve can still surprise him.
Tony retreats to the window in the living room. When he stood here this morning, he couldn't figure out the logistics of his solution. He saw the vision, but he didn't have the means to execute it. Now that his back's against the wall, he understands perfectly.
. Dead, though, he was an almost irresistible attraction—that whole corpse, all his ticking parts ready to be disassembled and laid bare. Someone had to take responsibility, had to make sure Steve wasn't punished for the sin of perfection.
The security on the building isn't even very good. He'd expected better of Maya, although with the kind of funding she was likely pulling out of her ass, she had the freedom to bury her attention in what she really cared about. Site security was for lesser mortals, and nobody could focus like Maya could focus. Her single-mindedness made Tony's engineering fugues look like well-tended gardens of emotional intelligence and social receptivity.
Much ado has been made about the unconstitutional liberties taken by the Registration Act, but not nearly enough attention has been paid to the language of the act itself. More than one critic of Registration has compared it to Project Wideawake and other proposed measures that were little more than thinly-veiled attempts to legalize and enforce anti-mutant prejudice, but Registration's supporters are quick to point out that the SRA doesn't target mutants and in fact never once uses the word "mutant" at all.
"What do you do?
• 8h ago
"By the way, they're communicating with a variation on a World War 2-era cipher," Tony says. He picks his helmet up off the table and puts it on; his next sentence comes out muffled before abruptly gaining clarity as the armor seals itself around him. "Analog technologies only. Reed and I are working on cracking it."
SR: Talk, go to restaurants, play basketball.
HO: Toni Ho. Mr. Stark, if the Extremis enhancile is truly capable of curing diseases like cancer, how soon will it be made available to the public?
He builds this What If over and over. He visits it every day. He plays the same What If over and over, and over and over he wakes up at a drafting table, pencil in hand, a gorgeous, totally impossible creation flayed open across the paper.
HH: I guess with all the other wild stuff that's going on now, the magic, all those guys from outer space…
BOWMAN: You know I sold this as a project with military applications.
"If that's what you want," Reed answers. "We have plenty to keep us busy here, anyway." There's a certain purity to devoting yourself to work in times of deep emotional distress—not that Tony should be able to claim that right now, considering he's entirely responsible for the situation—but if he can't hope for benediction, he can at least count on distraction. Or maybe grief and guilt are the real distraction; if Tony had the time to build a better human, he'd do something about that.
When they get back to the Tower, Tony climbs out of the car.
If they'd failed—
"They won't tell me all of it, but I know they're after the blueprints for the repulsor tech," Pepper says.
That's the problem. Steve's solutions, his wants and needs, are clean. Tony's solutions are complex. Complexity is not always desirable, but sometimes it's unavoidable.
"It's one more red flag."
"Who, Steve?"
Meanwhile,
STARK: No, that's his name. Happy Hogan.
SR: You're enough of a challenge just in sweatpants. Not everyone thinks as fast as you do.
"What is it a study of, Tony?"
"Good," Howard said. (Tony basked.) "Deep breath in… breath out… and remember: don't pull, squeeze."
"Tony?"
He's right. (Reed is almost always right.) But how to change a bug into a feature, that's the real question.
STARK: Ouch.
Really the only thing left to him is curiosity. Tony's made miracles out of worse.
"Do you know," he says, "how many ways I've tried to fall out of love with you?"
"Boss," Friday says. "Tony. I think you might be dissociating." Her lilting voice swallows the final consonant:
STARK: Yeah, you on the side, go ahead.
"He's an outlaw," says Lansing. "Which doesn't erase the enormous good he's done for this country. Mr. Stark is doing the right thing by concentrating his efforts on SRA's other initiatives. Chasing after Captain Rogers only lends credibility to his cause."
Here's how it works: you're a kid and then you're not a kid, you were always a kid and never a kid. You wake up one day in a cave, and you think,
"He's been compromised?"
"Yeah," Tony says, and he opens the closet door with hands that are still trembling. No shared rooms with fluorescent lights for
Because she's his, he can be honest with her; she'd take his secrets to the grave. "The registration bill," he says. "Pensions. Putting together a landmine disposal organization. Exploiting van der Waals' forces. What the hell Dario Agger is doing to Roxxon. Steve. Improving my operating efficiency. The Negative Zone. How I get a little weak in the knees every time I remember I'm on a team with Doctor Adam Brashear."
To repeat: Stark and Hill are the two most crucial figures in this whole circus. Without the backing of SHIELD, there is virtually no way to enforce the Act, much less detain anyone who resists. SHIELD may have its fingers in not only every pie but every cake out there, but over the past decades their primary specialization has become addressing situations that involve superhumans, no matter where their interests fall. The director of SHIELD exercises a degree of control over the organization that is, if not unilateral, still extraordinary in its scope. Hill's cooperation must be a continuing priority. (Continue to follow protocol concerning Fury—if he is still alive, and if he takes steps to contact Hill, take immediate action.)
"It's okay, I wasn't really into her like that anyways.", he shrugged with a smile.
"I wasn't born like this, y' know?", Wade smirked but his smile didn't look quite as genuine as it did before. "But joining the program was better than the alternative.", he then added.
"Asleep. Where's Steve?" Peter hadn't seen his father's boyfriend anywhere in the mansion while he was ghosting through the hallways.
I also just don't like it when people portray these characters as perfect flawless specimen that never make mistakes. That's not how humans work.
And just like that he deflated. And no matter how much healthier he looked, in this moment it was evident that Peter was far from better, that he was still haunted, that he would be for a long time, probably forever. And all he wanted was to spare Gwen some of his pain.
"Bucky?" Relief washed over the man's face and he immediately let go of Peter, sitting back to give him some space. Peter sat up and avoided looking at his arm, taking in his surroundings instead. Tony and Wade were crouched down a few feet away from him, their expressions worried. Still they didn't get closer, waiting for Peter to indicate that it was okay. Natasha was there, too. But she was still on her feet, leaning against the door, her expression unreadable, at least to Peter. "I'm sorry...", Peter stated. His voice suddenly sounded wrong. It was sort of distant and empty. His eyes darted around the room as he tried to figure out what he was supposed to do. He didn't notice that he was reaching for his arm until he saw the alarmed look in Bucky's eyes. Instead of digging his nails into his skin he just brushed over it and when he raised his hand to his face he saw that it came away with blood.
Peter closed the file and glanced over at Wade like he expected him to say something, anything,  remotely helpful. "Why are you telling me this?", Wade asked and Peter looked down at his lap where the file was laying.
"Karen, don't-", Peter started but the stranger cut him off by swinging the gun back at him.
"That you're dead.", MJ stated bluntly and Peter's heart skipped a beat. Well, so much for keeping his weird ass dreams on the down low.
They were on the road again and even though it was night, their surroundings only got brighter and brighter as they entered a city. "If the traffic doesn't get too crazy, which it will, come on, it's Manhatten, then we'll probably be there in an hour. That means we'll actually be there in 2. ", Wade commented nonchalantly.
Wade got up and Peter couldn't hold back his flinch. But he still smiled, he wasn't sure if he could've stopped smiling if he tried to. That didn't make it hurt less."Peter, you're clearly not okay. So whatever it is that you need, tell me and I'll take care of it.", Wade said, he was perfect.
"Sure, let me help you inside.", Wade nodded before approaching him but Peter flinched back, almost fell into the bath.
"Seems like our little powow is coming to a close, Peter. I would've loved to take you back home, but as you are right now, you're useless to us. ", Keipon explained, sounding apologetic. He looked to Gwen and to the gun in her hand and Peter followed his line of sight. So that's how things would end.
It was
Gwen glanced at the other men in the room, uncertain, before turning to Peter again. "Can you come?", she asked quietly.
Bucky was there. Had SHIELD taken him as well? Or were they back at HYDRA? Peter saw two Buckys. One was the Winter Soldier. Peter had forgotten this one. Now he saw him. Brutal, vicious, the perfect weapon. The other was just Bucky and he was talking to Peter but Peter couldn't hear a word. Everything
, over and over again, his voice was dripping with poison and once Wade stepped right underneath where the boy was hanging, something dripped on his face.
"Write in it.", Bucky replied.
Steve seemed to sense it too and decided to promptly step in. "Look, Nat, it's a long story. And we'll explain it to you. But we're trying to keep this under wraps for now, okay?", he asked.
The whole road trip part is also the last story line before the finale and boy oh boy! I've had the ending planned out from the very beginning and it's a shitshow that I can't wait to write!
Bucky got up from his chair which was registered as a threat. The boy flinched away, curled up and braced himself for... for god knows what, Bucky could imagine a handful of things that the kid expected, all of which Bucky had endured himself.
Tony took a step back, trying to give him more space. "No, that's all...", Tony said.
Peter closed his eyes and took a shuddering breath before looking Natasha in the eyes again. "Did they tell you what you did to me?", he then asked with a poisonous smile on his lips. "Did you tell her?", he asked glancing over at Tony and Steve for a second.  When neither replied Peter just went on.
"Okay.", Bucky nodded, even though Peter didn't face him. He ran through options in his mind, his first idea was to take Peter to the grand canyon. It's where Steve had taken Bucky once he was well enough. It had been his dream to see the canyon ever since he was little and Steve knew that. They could sleep in remote motels, go out a night. Bucky thought that Peter might like that, hoped that Peter still had the capacity to find joy in those things. "I got you some things, by the way.", Bucky announced, pulling a package out of the glove-compartment and handing it to Peter. Peter finally diverted his eyes from the window and focused them onto the package in his hands. He ripped off the newspaper that Bucky used to wrap it. Two cards slid out into his lap.
Bucky told the others, because Peter was a coward. He didn't want to see their faces. He stayed in his room, his back turned to the door. That's where they had gathered, in the hallway, where they could still keep an eye on Peter because he couldn't be trusted by himself. Peter could still hear them though, even as Bucky attempted to be quiet.
"Like what?", Wade asked. At first Peter didn't reply but then he turned his head and his eyes met Wade's.
"I wish I was.", Peter returned with a simple shrug. He was so fucking
. There wasn't enough air.
"The scratching. Are you aware of that while you do it?" This caused Peter to actually pull back the arm and sigh, burrying his face in his hands.
Peter smiled at that but it was sad and self-deprecating, he glanced down before turning his eyes towards the sky. "How would I?"
Technically he was being kidnapped but then again, Wade had been the worst kidnapper ever so far, that didn't mean that he wasn't dangerous. Peter had seen what he did to the HYDRA agents. He didn't really want to find out what the punishment would be if he tried to escape.
Bucky always sort of distanced himself when the two were together, letting them interact uninterrupted while he observed it.
"Shut up.", Tony whispered and his voice cracked with pain but there was also an edge to it, a sense of threat.
"Can I not talk about this?", he asked, his voice trembling slightly.
Peter let the notebook fall close and let his head rest against the window once more. The glass was cool against his skin, soothing. An image flashed before his eyes. Tony, Steve and Wade standing in the driveway, watching him leave, letting him go. He was equally relieved and ashamed of himself. He didn't want to hurt them and he knew that he'd miss them but he also couldn't stand being around them anymore. If they had kept him there he might've started to hate them. A part of him already did, even though he didn't want that. He wanted to trust and forgive them. But Peter was
"You have two jets?", Wade questioned, following the other men to the door.
Bare with me as I try to get back into the swing of things but I promise I've got a lot of exciting stuff planned!
Wade had to agree with his boxes on this one. He was being damn pathetic. Once he got back to New York he got enough of a handle on himself to not sob as soon as he collapsed on a stool in Sister Margaret's School for Wayward Children. "Didn't see you around lately. Where have you been.",Weasel asked as he poured a shot of Vodka.
He heard a soft knock on the door and quickly dropped his arm. "Peter, I'll hand in the clothes, if you don't mind. I promise I won't look.",Wade announce and Peter swallowed.
"Where is she?", he asked, turning towards Tony again.
Tony and Bucky were never close, they weren't really friends, more like ex-enemies/ acquaintances. They never pretended to be more than that. They got along but that's all, mostly it was for Steve's sake. But this had nothing to do with Steve. This was just Tony, with nothing but genuine gratitude for this man that saved his boy and wanted to help him.
"We didn't know everything they did to him, you didn't dare to ask. Sure, you wanted to protect his feelings but then they activated him!"
"Come on, sit down.", Bucky said, tapping the space on the hood beside him. It didn't sound like an order, more like an invitation. Like there was a question mark at the end of that sentence. So Peter agreed and sat down beside Bucky but with enough space between them to keep things manageable. As if Bucky could sense Peter's discomfort about their closeness, he immediately placed a backpack firmly between them before starting to take out food. Several bottles of soda, sandwiches, fruit. He stacked it all between them.
Instead he smiled lazily:"Yeah, maybe." He let Wade tuck him in until he was a warm and soft burrito-person.
"Hey, good morning. Did you sleep alright?", he asked, sitting up. Gwen regarded him for a moment before nodding slowly.
Nobody heard except Wade and then he only saw red, only heard Red, whisper in his ear:
"Then you pick out something for me. You're way more fun than me.", Peter offered.
Peter once explained how it felt to lose time. One moment you're there, the next you weren't, all the lights were out, no one's home.
"You have my file. Did you read it?", there was nothing accusatory in his tone, just curiosity.
"He doesn't need your coddling, he needs deprogramming, like James. Send him to Wakanda or the SHIELD labs. Anything! Before it's too late!" At the mention of labs Peter flinched but still didn't say anything.
Then Bucky remembered how he himself used to be and felt guilty. He had been just like this, worse even. He had been violent. Steve didn't give up on him, Steve wouldn't give up on Kid. So Bucky didn't either. He ignored the times it felt like he was taking care of a machine and not a person. He focused on all the moments that told him that Kid was real and alive and in there.
Bucky smirked, because that was just
"Wade!", Peter groaned but he was still smiling so Wade gave him a shrug before pretending to take out another key that he used to open his lips with.
"Is this a breakup talk, baby boy?", Wade smirked, covering up his own dread with a grin. He was good at that.
Wade had made the conscious decision to not be affected by Peter leaving. Peter was just taking care of himself, he would come back when he felt better, he wanted to see him again, he said so himself! That resolution lasted until Wade spend his first couple of hours on the road and "All by myself" came on all of a sudden. Wade totally forgot that he put that song in that playlist. He just really loved Celine Dion, she literally wrote his titel song. Still, it wasn't the best song for the situation. Let's just say that he handled it as well as expected. You know that one scene in Glee where Emma cried in her car while singing along to Celine Dion as it rained outside?
Tony shrugged. "Maybe, but you also have absolutely no right to hold her here without a good reason. This just looks like false imprisonment to me. In fact, you know so little about her that you probably can't even tell me her age. She might be underage which would mean that you're falsely imprisoning a traumatized minor. Congrats on that. So, we'll be taking her with us, if you like it or not. We'll handle this our way this time around."
Wade took a deep breath and reconsidered, if he was really sure that he wanted to do this. "Maybe Gwen doesn't seem like herself because she isn't.", he the stated and judging by Peter's expression he didn't like the sound of that at all.
"HYDRA." The levity wasn't completely gone but it was steadily declining.
"It's me, Wade.", he said and his voice sounded like Wade but also not at all.
Peter was so sick of that phrase. What if he didn't have time? What if HYDRA came for him? What if he lost it again? "It's frustrating. I don't really see an end...to any of this.", Peter sighed, dropping his head. "Sometimes I think I should try the alternative."
"We'll figure it out.", Steve stated but even he couldn't manage to sound selfassured.
It was really him.
"Nothing out of the ordinary.", he told Wade. He didn't mention Peter threatening to kill Natasha. Peter had been like this before, too. Namely when it concerned Gwen's safety.
(See the end of the chapter for
Peter didn't know what to think of him. He didn't trust him, Peter wasn't sure if he could trust anyone ever, not anymore. But so far Wade hadn't harmed Peter, yet. The emphasis was on 'yet'. Still, he took him outside, bought him food, didn't keep him chained up. Even if this was a last meal kind of thing, one good day before they free him of his misery, Peter appreciated it. He didn't get many good days, if any at all.
Domino let out a sigh and dropped into a chair next to Wade's bed. "You're not depressed you feel guilty for fucking Death and not telling your boy about it. They're not the same."
God, he was so tired.
Wade was yelling. Peter couldn't care. He was
Peter talked to Natasha once a week and she'd update him on Gwen's state. He had to admit that Natasha seemed sincere in her attempts to help Gwen. Apparently she wasn't an emotionless psychopath. That didn't mean that he trusted her and as long as Gwen refused to speak to him personally he couldn't be sure that she wasn't just telling him bullshit.
"Old habits die hard, I guess.", Peter laughed nervously, diverting his eyes again. It was too much, everything was too much and right now he couldn't hide.
. He already looked cadaverous. His hands moved by themselves, his mind was empty. He found scissor in a drawer. Peter started to tremble when he wrapped his hand around one of the blades. He heard a knock. Was the door locked?
"It's- you don't have to apologize.", Bucky started and Peter dared to close the door behind him and come in a little further. "Just please- don't just disappear on me like that. Not after- ", Bucky added, his tone pleading before his voice broke off.
"Are we getting handsome for our date?", he asked with a grin and Peter regretted asking immediately. He'd never hear the end of this.
Peter still couldn't quite believe it.
Apparently they were moving as quickly as possible., focusing solely on removing the trigger words.
"You've got a phone dumbass, use it.", she said with her typical grin but it wasn't as sharp as usual. It looked quite sad, actually.
She scanned the room for the file with her eyes first before starting to search it. The closet, dresser and shelf were first. After that she checked the drawers of the desk. One was jammed and she broke it open with one of her knifes to find it empty. Natasha tried to think like a kid, where would Peter hide something like this? Something that he maybe didn't want to see on accident. Natasha dropped to the ground and crawled under the bed where she found a thick, worn file jammed between the slatted frame and the mattress. There was no sense of victory in finding it.
Bucky normally wouldn't say this not to some stranger, not to someone that wasn't his therapist, but he felt like the kid needed to hear it. "Are you on their side?", he then asked and the boy instantly shook his head.
Peter let out a sigh, closing the book once more and dropping it into his lap. "Maybe but... I think it would just make me paranoid. Like, I'm writing another HYDRA file that people can read and judge me on.", he then confessed, his eyes moving back to the window.
"But you feel better now, don't you?", Bucky asked.
Tony didn't think he was ready to be a father when May Parker showed up on his doorstep with a baby in her arms. She wasn't the mother, the mother died at birth. Tony was the father, that's what she told him.
"You can eat what you want.", Steve pointed out and Peter glanced up at him, he looked slightly startled, like Steve had pulled him out of a thought but his expression quickly neutralized again.
They didn't go out that day, Peter was too nervous even if he didn't admit to that. Instead they stayed in, watched a movie, ordered takeout for lunch, until it was time for Peter to get ready.
"Really? I hadn't noticed.", Peter stated sarcastically.
"... and that's when I figured that the 'blowjob' was poisoned. Worst blowjob ever, am I right? But you should've seen the guys face when I came back and turned him into a popsicle with the help of my friends Arthur and Bea!", Wade had been talking for hours, telling Peter about all his missions and fights. There was no end in sight.
Peter really didn't want to swim, but he also couldn't explain why.
"No. This is not how the fucking story ends, this is no way to end a story! You don't just torture a person for 50 chapters straight and finish it by killing them! What sadist would write something like this?!", he argued, frustrated that they were all just sitting there, not doing anything.
He changed diapers and fed him, he sat awake at night,  not because he was working but because Peter wasn't sleeping, he cared for him when he was sick, taught him how to walk, how to talk, to read and write and build his first robot.
"Is it that hard to believe that I'm bringing you to your father? Should I show you the picture again? Why does it bother you so much anyways? If I found out I had a father that isn't a complete shitshow and actually wants me... actually, I don't know what I'd do, but I'd want to meet him.", Wade snapped and Peter flinched ever so slightly, melting away Wade's irritation instantly.
the air, soon enough he was swinging from tree to tree and he could still hear the gunfire, it was splitting his head open, but his body knew what it was doing.
They landed on Bucky and stayed there. His gaze quickly turned into a glare, he was wordlessly staring Bucky down.
"Yeah, I think we worked that one out for now. I called him dad. ", Peter admitted, a satisfied little smile on his face and goddamn, he was adorable.
"And ain't that relatable.", MJ sighed, staring up again.
"Tell Keipon that we're on the move.", Gwen told one of the guards and they followed her order, announcing their arrival over the com.
How the fuck was Peter supposed to tell if he had a romantic interest in MJ, or anyone for that matter? Peter wasn't dumb, he was aware that people fell in love and that romance and sex were a thing. He just...never thought about it in connection to himself? Back at HYDRA it was all about survival. He had only loved one person, Gwen, and their love for each other was rooted in a deep seeded codependance. It wasn't about romance because romance didn't exist for them.
Hill buys it. Maybe she thinks he's selfish; maybe she only thinks he's unable to see past his own point-of-view. That's fine. He doesn't assume that all superhumans are as divided or as cowardly as Tony is without supervision, but even
three levels instead, but there's a lot to be said for the added security of being buried seventy feet underground. Function over form, safety over inspiration—which is a joke, Tony's never needed sunlight for inspiration, he built his greatest work of art in a cave. Sometimes he had to hold a flashlight between his teeth while he worked on the finer points of the Model I.
"I saw the footage of your lecture at Cal-Poly. Nothing surprising there—just you talking about the Extremis like you own it."
but what if the only way to lay Steve to rest—
"Yeah," says Tony, and he wipes the blood from his face, and then he accepts what he'd denying with the all the blind, faithful fervor of a true believer: that it's already too late.
"The least you could do after killing me is do something decent with the life I gave you," Steve says. "You owe me that much." His voice is this low, soft, relentless thing that Tony can hear bearing down on him from behind. He could pick out that voice in a room of five thousand.
"Hi, Tony. Sleep well?" Steve asks, because unlike the What-If Steve who shared Tony's bed, he has no other way of knowing if Tony is working through a bout of insomnia that could jeopardize the whole team.
DAEDALUS: And high-profile enough that we have to be even more cautious. I do understand.
STARK: I know what the papers like to imply, but I'm not romantically involved with my armor.
. Lila understands. Rhodey understands. Even Steve, for all that his mechanical ability is limited to basic motorcycle maintenance, understands. There's passion in what Tony builds, a fine symphony of design aesthetic and functional beauty, attention to detail and creativity and sheer dash. The press also likes to joke that the armor is Tony Stark's religion; if the armor is his religion, then his workshop is his cathedral.
CB: But most people tend to think of you as the team's leaders anyway. Is that because the two of you are comfortable challenging each other?
He's going to die here. Does it matter? Does he care?
Stark, uncharacteristically reticent about his time as a civilian prisoner-of-war, was nonetheless effusive in his praise for Dr. Yinsen in the years following his escape from the terrorist camp where he and Yinsen were held. The two men spent three months in captivity together and shared meals, a workshop, and even living quarters. War correspondent Aisha Summers toured the camp less than a year after Stark's escape.
Ultimately, of course, Maya had been hauled off to the New York Women's Correctional Facility to serve twenty years. She hadn't been happy about it. Tony had heard she'd had to earn with good behavior the right to check out so much as a Stephen King book from the prison library. Meanwhile, Tony had touted Extremis as the key to the future, which resulted in one messy face-to-face conversation about ownership in which Tony did not come off looking the better. He didn't invent Extremis; he merely improved on it.
. Didn't Maya get the memo? "Fine," he grits out. "Hansen,
Or maybe she does.
JV: Is there something over there—?
BOWMAN: You should know better. Leave me alone now. This is harder than I make it look.
"What am I talking about, Tony?"
"Cybernetics? Sure. Cybernetics. Advanced prosthetics—Stark Industries has a vested interest in both prosthetics and neural interfaces. Go bigger with it, though. Go radical. Go dangerous. I'm not talking about gene therapy, although let me tell you, if I had a nickel for every time I had to fight some bad guy hopped up on the idea that he can activate his own latent mutant genes, I would have a very tall stack of nickels.
TS: Yeah, well, if we want turn the place into an emergency refuge, we have to prepare for everything, and there's no telling when the latest Ultron wannabe is going to go after the power grid.
STARK: How much time do you have?
The equipment is incredible. Where the hell did she get the funding? There's an atomic force microscope sitting in the midst of a blockade of other components, and it takes Tony a moment to figure out he's looking at a nanoscale 3D printer and another moment to realize it's more cutting-edge than any he's ever seen. God. Either her backers have deep pockets, or Maya has learned how to drag her head out of her single-minded pursuit long enough to think about malware. Although if she is stealing money, she's probably stealing it from Exxon-Mobile or Wal-Mart. Apple, maybe. Part of the reason Stark Industries is such a visible presence in consumer technology is Tony's insistance on fair labor standards, which means he hates Apple for both selfish and selfless reasons. He almost hopes she
"His son," says Tony.
"Do you remember the day we pulled you out of the ice?"
Tony met Happy when Happy pulled him from the wreckage of a burning car. That one incident set the precedent for their relationship; Tony abuses Happy's good nature, and Happy pays Tony back by pulling him out of burning wrecks. Tony's something of a magnet for burning wrecks. He makes them himself, by hand, out of good will and the best intentions. Happy, on the other hand, was probably meant to be a firefighter before his life was derailed by a grateful rich man offering him a job. The pretty dame—that was how Happy always referred to Pepper within her hearing, 'dame' or 'doll' because it made her laugh although she wouldn't have tolerated it from anyone else—completed the derailment. Happy wasn't going to be a boxer, retired or otherwise, and he wasn't going to be a firefighter. Happy worked for Tony Stark in whatever capacity Mr. Stark desired.
"It is. I have no idea how to get him to stop thinking of himself as disposable."
Carol says.
Dugan pauses.
CB: So the two of you obviously have a rapport—
I needn't tell you that this is going to look bad especially in light of losing Hill. The instability we're projecting is going to make recovery difficult. It appears instability is the central issue here on a number of levels. We need to play this by the books and tap as many credible witnesses as possible.
Good old Danvers, putting voice to all his fears. They have the kind of understanding and mutual sympathy only possible between two fuck-ups who realize that they don't deserve sympathy. Rhodey's always going to be his number one, and Steve is on a whole other level, but Carol Danvers is the kind of friend who intuitively grasps all the ways Tony is weak.
"Neurologically speaking, I think you'll find I can," Maya says. "Beyond that, I'm not going to tell you how that anklet works. You've stolen enough of my secrets."
. They aren't human, but the AI on this planet at least are born
"That's Cap all over."
. The camaraderie, the easy banter: he half expects Wanda to walk through the door and tease Carol about having her head in the clouds, expects Thor to come behind her and unfasten his cape and inquire about dinner. They talk easily, unburdened by guilt or grief, and Carol and Tony share a look across the room, a look of
DAEDALUS: There's always the garden variety.
"Is that a threat, Avenger?"
TS: Yeah. Or sociology, or physics, or whatever. In the technology sector, more bleeding-edge projects fail than succeed. If you could figure out a way to predict the safe bets…
CB: The two of you haven't always been the leaders of the Avengers—
It's too clean to link Stark's support of the SRA directly to some money-making scheme, but it wouldn't be the first time his good works were nothing more than a cover for his personal interests. Prison 42's contractor is a coincidence on the order of Stark Industries' recent stock market performance—in other words, it isn't a coincidence at all.
Tony waits in the dark of the morning. While he waits, he plays What If.
"Whoa!" Stevie says. She really does lose her balance then, and Tony yanks her hand away from that electric arc of sensation like she's burning.
He's in the middle of an office block. If someone in that moment pinned him to the ground and stripped him of his clothes and made him walk back to New York, he couldn't feel more naked. If someone cracked his skull and dug their thumbs into the crevice and split his head open like an orange, he couldn't be more exposed.
"That's lovely to hear," says Friday. "And then what?"
So: Cap lost. They stripped him of his shield and his freedom and, handcuffed, marched him up the steps of a courthouse, where he was fatally shot in the head and the chest by an unknown assailant. We all saw it live, on national TV. It's the Kennedy assassination and the Challenger tragedy all rolled into one. How many schoolkids were following Captain America's trial as a current events project in their homerooms?
BIRCH: Forgive me. Executive assistant, and has been since shortly after you took control of Stark Industries.
"Anything in particular keeping you up?" Stevie asks. Tony edges a little closer, hopes Stevie won't notice. Resists the urge to put her fingertips on the wing of Stevie's shoulder.
still in there. I was startin' to wonder," she says. "Speaking of, have you thought maybe about having a shower today?"
And here they are together at the end of that. At least, in the end, they're together—it's something, it's a bare shimmer of light that passes the surface of Tony's thoughts as he gathers his feet under him and pummels Steve through a wall.
"Tony? Tony! Can you hear me?"
Fair enough. That's fair. Sure. He's been there, he's gone nuts over people stealing his tech, his intellectual property, although when he went nuts it wasn't for
Sometimes he gets a thought in his head that he just—can't—let—go—
"No," he protests. "I never thought that."
CLASSIFIED INTERNAL MEMO
TS: It might actually be more entertaining to watch us fight over the TV remote. There's a lot more at stake. The gym is just for blowing off steam.
HP: He was always bitching about baseball, though.
Sometimes, though, the dream becomes a nightmare, a worse kind of What If. He imagines a broad hand reaching out to clasp him, fingers that wrap so softly around his forearm that a pure electric jolt of pleasure runs from his shoulder down to the severed end of his wrist. Steve slides his hand down, and what Tony cut away reassembles itself under the sweep of Steve's palm. By the time Steve's fingers tangle with Tony's own, it's like he never upgraded his hand at all, it's like a benediction that undoes all his hard work and denies him the opportunity for contrition, to be better and do better. He wants it so much. He wants that clean dry mechanical body the way a man in the desert with his mouth baked shut wants water. He wants that warm, golden void filled only with capability and intention. He wants. Is there any state that leads to more catastrophic ends?
Tony has killed men, he has broken laws, he has assassinated the leaders of alien races, he has lied and betrayed and rotted every relationship that ever mattered, he has puked all down the front of his shirt and not even bothered to clean himself up, he's been such a spineless sack of shit that he sat down in the snow to die rather than taking responsibility; but nothing has ever made him feel ashamed the way this makes him feel ashamed.
"Maybe not," Steve says. "But you hoped for it, didn't you? How abnormal do you have to be, Tony, to think there was even a sliver of a chance that I felt the way about you that you feel about me?"
TS: Watch TV. Go to the gym.
What Pepper doesn't understand is the precedent. An infinitesimal change in circumstances can cause a radical shift in a dynamic system. Tweak something small, and cause big, unexpected things to happen. It's called catastrophe theory. Charles Xavier is fond of using it to explain some of his more obscure ideas on genetics. Tony, on the other hand, applies it to his own life. For him, the germ of change is trauma—when his parents died, when he was held hostage in Afghanistan, he was catapulted to a higher order of thought. He made connections faster, more readily, understood concepts that had previously been impenetrable. Stressing his body is just a way to replicate those circumstances. Pepper doesn't understand. One of the problems with having had all of your demons on public display is that it makes the people around you suspicious.
FuturePharm, for the most part, is unlit and unoccupied. There are a couple of security guards wandering around, but Tony's been dodging egomaniacs who are keen to impress upon him lessons about responsibility for most of his life. He's a pro, an old hand; it's the least of ways in which he prostitutes himself.
TS: You dress up in your fancy uniform and show up when and where I tell you to show up.
He woke up once to save them; there was nothing to say he wouldn't wake again, should need be great and hope spread thin.
TS: You got his autograph, right?
"...Are you sure?"
BOWMAN: They haven't put together the pieces yet.
In another world, Tony is fucked. He falls in love hard and fast. He falls in love because he doesn't have any choice. He feels a deep well of romantic affection for a number of people, some of whom don't even shoot him in the spine before they abandon ship; but his love is packed away somewhere internal, in a hollow cavity no one can touch, and he uses lovers like scalpels to carve a path to that void. He falls in love because he doesn't have a choice, and like a boat that can only carry so much weight before it sinks, he falls in love once in the middle of the Atlantic Ocean and thereafter only when he can safely compensate for the additional ballast. He falls in love with his armor; he falls out of love with himself. He falls in love with Steve Rogers and binds that love to an anchor and drops it deep where it will never be found. He falls in love but never out of love. He is anchored still.
They crack his armor, and Tony doesn't resist; it's not worth the effort, it's not worth the effort to break through the ice of the paralysis that overwhelms him. What happens is that he cracks the armor for them.
BIRCH: How often do you do that?
JV: [
"The journalist," Friday says, veneer cracking under her usual spitfire delight at correcting Tony.
Because he can't help himself, he reaches out and takes Steve by the arm.
"Sure am." Stevie pulls out another mug and then, with an overtly self-satisfied expression, a box of herbal tea.
"Right," Tony says. "Anything else?"
"Is Carol around?" he asks.
) team of Avengers; and he's heading multiple projects that fall under the SRA initiative, including a multi-
Steve still thinks Tony is worth something.
"I have," Pepper says, "but Tony, I think Hill is going to take what she wants with or without our permission."
JK: There's just one more thing, actually.
"You're being reinstated. And we're returning your armor." Jack looks down at his coffee. They were friends, once, just like Tony and Maya were friends, but now Tony wonders if he ever really knew Jack Kooning at all. "We—
Maya, or at least he liked her once; he likes how her mind works, he likes her focus and dry, dark humor.
TS: The most advanced developments in a field. It's a buzzword in the industry.
BIRCH: Does that speak to a lack of transparency?
But after a while he stops calling, because Iron Man never called him back. It's the cleanest, the simplest, and by some value the best choice. Cause and effect. They conduct official business through official channels, and Iron Man doesn't have to answer to all the charges he can't face.
Tony can read the words on the pieceless man's lips:
He's out of the weapons game and now he designs phones. There's value there beyond the monetary. Miniaturization, that's fun, pressing the limits of processing power, making something good on a budget—Tony likes that. He misses the other thing, though, the destructive thing, and that's something he'll never share, although anyone who watches him closely enough would probably suspect. When you're gifted like Tony Stark—when you're brilliant and limitless and ruined inside—there's a value in being challenged, in being stretched. Building a better phone doesn't cut it.
"Of course it's a trap," Iron Man counters. "All I want is the answer to one question, and then you get to decide how this plays out. Come peacefully, comply with the law, and you'll receive a full pardon."
"The tower," Friday says.
He could take his rot and go lie down on Steve's bed, though. Tony lives a twilight existence in which he does not need sleep, and that's by design; but he imagines a What If where he does sleep, a What If where he and his rot could crawl into Steve's bed and sleep until the end of the universe. Tony can't think of any place he would rather sleep than Steve's bed. It feels like some gross perversion of the care Steve once took with him, but Tony killed Steve, and in the face of murder one pathetic indulgence shouldn't seem like a violation even if it feels like a violation in his gut where shame sits.
"The SRA," she says. "The conflict. This split. You knew Troy was about to burn."
"Agent Gomez," he says. Flat, monotone. Not at all the way he was speaking to Steve.
"Respectfully," Carol says, "please shut up."
He retains nothing of sentimentality, not even sentiment itself: This is Tony 3.0, no longer a person, more than a human, superior in all ways. This is a perfect set of algorithms housed in a gleaming shell. This is Iron Man, beatified, who is everything that Tony is not. The Iron Man does not sleep, does not require food, does not waste resources building castles in the air. It is only Tony, an imperfect accident of flesh and blood, who still dreams.
For years his cover story was that Iron Man was Tony Stark's bodyguard, and in the basest and most literal sense, it was true—what was armor other than a self-powered bodyguard? Walking that razor-line was fun, once upon a time, or else the tint of nostalgia colors it fun. No, fun wasn't the word; it was freeing. He could be Iron Man wholly. No doubt, no memory, no history of weakness.
Applied Transhumanism
"You were late last week, too. After we got the distress call from the Port Authority." Steve's eyes narrow, hone in on Tony. It's too much.
"Your reaction times are down," Steve continues, relentless like only Captain America can be. "You're distracted. Tired. If something is wrong—"
"How are you sleeping these days?"
DAEDALUS: I'm guessing you never lost sleep over the trolley problem.
The nominal ceremony to make permanent Tony's tenure as director was pretty basic. He's been to two dozen similar events before, and they're all the same: the usual parade of bland white faces, the hand press, the humorous asides that land just shy of vulgar. Congratulations, Tony. Finally got what you wanted, Tony. Hope whatever happened to Hill doesn't happen to you, Tony. Yeah, Tony hopes that too. It's the only thing he still hopes for himself, on his own behalf. His other hopes are nebulous, a vast starscape haloing his head. On a clear night, he can pick them out in the distance. On a really clear night, he can even remember their names. Here's 'Hope Pepper isn't alone' and 'Hope Happy wasn't in pain'; here's 'Hope Boynton's at the top of this food chain' strung alongside 'Hope nobody looks too closely at my extradimensional prison' and 'Hope nobody uses this as an excuse to resurrect Wideawake'; here's a binary system, 'Hope Steve didn't die hating me' hidden in the corona of 'Hope Steve hated me until his very last breath.' So maybe there are some hopes that still shine just for Tony.
Now he's speeding up—
But sometimes he wonders—
BOWMAN: I never took you for defeatist.
"Business as usual."
"All right," Iron Man says. "All right."
He rocks back in his seat, takes out his sunglasses, and flicks them open. "Sure," he says. "And now that you've finished with your temper tantrum, are you going to tell me what I want to know?"
No. He took revenge for Steve—
"Everyone always wants to drag his name through the mud."
"And Steve?"
TS: It makes for better leadership, though.
BIRCH: Why do you think that is?
"That team you built—they're not worthy of the name."
HH: All that… gene editing, and the Foresight Institute, and, what's it called, brain-machine—
"And," Steve says,
And, you know, in the end, maybe it's a good thing he's anchored: the sensory input overwhelms him like a tidal wave, washing over him so hard and fast that the sky is gone before he can take one last look. He can't swim against that wave; all he can do is make himself so open that it rushes through him instead of rushing him away.
"Sorry," he says, and he dumps his empty cup in a trashcan and goes to acquire a car. He leaves Eppley Airfield driving exactly the speed limit, which should get him to FuturePharm in an hour twenty. Friday keeps pace the whole way: "Left here," she says, and Tony will turn left, and then she goes back to whispering in his ear, keeping him alert, making sure he knows the layout of the lair of the beast. He doesn't believe in angels, but if he did, he'd believe in the angel of Fridays.
"Ouch," says Tony. "Again, your logic is unassailable, but ouch." He drops his rag on the nearby workbench and gives the Model 29 a friendly pat as he passes it. Behind it, like a ghost image, he can see the Models 30 and 31 and 32, he can see 33 and 34 and beyond, stretching out in an infinite progression to perfection. "What sheer genius struck you in the middle of the night? I have the transition plans for Project 42 just about drawn up. Transporting some of those guys is going to be tricky. Maybe we should get Graviton to collapse himself into a briefcase."
The undersuit: gone.
TS: Hap? You still here?
"It didn't not occur to me," Tony says.
"Yes," Steve repeats, rolling the sound around in his mouth as he savors his satisfaction. "Yes. That's right. But instead you're here. Is this what you deserve?"
Like the Red Sea parting for Moses, the crowd in Times Square scatters. All four tires on the truck holding Barton blow at once. Six escort vehicles skid to a halt, but it's already too late.
The most unstable element in this confrontation is Tony, and here's why: Tony is still hanging on to the delusion that they can solve this by talking. They haven't spoken since Steve backflipped out of SHIELD's mobile command center and declared war on the U.S. government, and Tony's delusion is firmly-enough rooted that he can't stop thinking that they can still fix this—that they can reach an understanding—that he'll explain himself to Cap, that they'll argue, that Cap will eventually come around, shake Tony's hand, stand beside him. He knows it's a delusion, but even self-knowledge can't excise his belief. It's the closest thing to faith he's ever felt.
because it implies something neat, clean, surgical, something efficient, something brutally delicate. It implies a total severance, a resection, the sort of precise non-pain that comes from using a very sharp scalpel to cut through tissue and muscle. Tony has performed surgery on himself before. He knows what it's like to be  armed with a tool so sharp you don't feel the hurt until you look down at what you did and realize you're bleeding.
little temper-tantrum."
possible living inside her head. She knows them all.
Around them, Times Square is burning.
"Boss?"
"I made them," Tony says. "That means they're my responsibility." He struggles forward, wraps his fingers around the gauntlet of her wrists and tugs not at flesh but at metal. The red composite is the brightest thing in the room.
"Did you just accuse me of withholding information?"
Tony wants to say something flippant. The next logical leap, he wants to say; you saw this coming; how it is different from the artificial heart or the fully-self-aware software suite or the cybernetic control arrays? But he knows how it's different. It's different because he tipped his hand. Steve never saw the artificial heart. There were no external consequences. Extremis, though, is written into every line of Tony's body, in his every interaction with the world, from the gold undersheath to his exquisite command of the external suit modules to the lack of scar tissue on his skin.
Regarding our other project: this could also be a solid step towards ensuring its completion. The data we've mined is by itself priceless. In fact, I consider the application secondary to this new information. A competent lawyer will have no trouble convincing a jury that everything we've done here is completely legal, which of course it is now even if it wasn't when we started.
. "Aiding Mr. Stark is my primary directive," she responds. "My… 'day job.' I have other interests."
Tony opens the door. His gauntlet clinks faintly against the doorknob; the metals drag against each other when he drops his hand back to his side. It makes him aware that he is, in his other hand, carrying a shield. There's blood on it, on the back side and a little on the rim. Steve wasn't carrying this when he was shot because Steve was unarmed and handcuffed when he was shot; the blood came from later, when Tony had laid the shield over Steve's body. He hasn't been to see Steve since then, though. From whence did the shield come, that's the question, but if Tony had the answer to that, he could rewind time back to the moment when they drew Steve out of the water in his gleaming mail, a hero from a bygone age.
He drags his attention back together and looks down. Around his ankle rests a cuff.
Springfield was… in the grand scheme of a frustratingly disordered universe, it wasn't anything, certainly it wasn't big enough to merit attention from the Avengers, but that hasn't stopped the mass media from pinning the tragedy to his team. Some kids with an agenda had walked into a grocery store in Connecticut and taken the place hostage for six hours. The standoff had ended with three dead, including the one of the shooters.
is more tangible than
"Business," Tony says. Secrecy. Also by Tony's design. He likes to tell himself there are good reasons for it, but maybe he just doesn't know what to say. SHIELD's at his heels, and the mysterious son of Doctor Ho Yinsen is at theirs, herding them all off the edge of a cliff. Tony shouldn't be here. Tony should be downstairs, in the garage, engineering a solution, or he should be out there, in a holding cell on the helicarrier, removing himself from the equation.
Another pause. Steve stares him down like he's staring down the barrel of a gun.
Tony laughs. The dry rasp of it surprises him. "She's okay, then?"
Where did all this anger come from?
Across every page, over and over again, Tony is flayed open across the paper.
"Man, she's not even old enough to drive," says Rhodey. "I'm not sure we should give her options."
"What's on the docket today, Friday?" he asks. "Hit me with the highlights."
ROGERS: You have to make a study of him. A series of studies, like a series of sketches, and no matter how many times you draw him, you always discover something new.
"You aren't—"
most important person in Tony's life, because he would lay down that life for Rhodey or Pepper or Happy; but Tony has been wildly, tragically, quietly in love with Steve Rogers for a decade and counting. It doesn't dim. It doesn't fade. There are other lovers, other partners, but if Tony belongs wholly to anyone other than his art and his science and his armor, he belongs wholly to Steve.
Lila trots over from the display on programmable matter. "What're my options?"
SR: No, you don't.
If you're anything like me, you hope every funeral is not only an opportunity to mourn but also to remember all the good times. You know what I mean—it's that moment when you meet someone else's eyes and you laugh through your tears about the poor dead sorry son of a bitch. No one laughed at Captain America's funeral. No one laughed later, either. Maybe they would have, under other circumstances. If there's such a thing as a good death, then Steve Rogers' death was assuredly a bad one. He staked his flag on a principle and refused to lower it even when his brothers were fighting for the other side. And, by all popular measures, he lost. How many of his friends didn't attend his funeral for fear they would be arrested?
"Georgia Messner never left her state."
"You're late," Carol says.
Hill's no fool. Tony respects that about her. It doesn't alleviate the frustration of discovering that SHIELD's internal memo on the requisition order reads 'REPORTS BY HARD COPY ONLY.'
"You'll live," Stevie says dryly, and she returns Tony's hand to her with the sort of tenderness that could undo someone who holds their secrets less dear. Those clear blue eyes of hers flick up to meet Tony's, and she says, with the genuine sincerity only Captain America can pull off, "I'm sorry."
— T.H. White,
I want detailed reports on every meeting between Stark and Hill. Secure this goal by any means necessary. Kooning is still dead-set on installing Stark as SHIELD's new director, and while I have private concerns that Hill would be willing to surrender the role, there is no denying that she is the best man for the job. (Recall our conversation concerning Stark's fallout with Maya Hansen.)
"Not only Ultron."
HP: I still can't believe—
VP: You can make it an equipment malfunction. Or not. You can fool the monitors. Maybe he just... fades.
There are a few loose pages tucked in the front, covered with all the sketches you'd expect: skylines, studies, little cartoons in the margins. A half-finished dress almost certainly copied from a Van Dyne design. The shield, and then a series of stars that grew progressively more regular. Nick Fury, looking surprised, cigar falling out of his mouth. The Avengers logo, crammed into one corner between a series of tires and the same lampshade Tony had just straightened. He flips to the very end of the sketchbook and then, startled, works from back to front. This can't be right, but the proof is undeniable.
"And this is the way to do it?" There's a whistling sound; he can't tell where it's coming from, can't tell if it tinnitus or some part of his suit that's been breached. "Can't perform with no audience, Maya, and we're both performers if nothing else."
He's having trouble thinking of a better answer. The simplest, the
TS: No. He wanted somebody else to have the shield.
TS: Chronic traumatic encephalopathy.
"How are the kids?" he asks.
"Maybe," Tony says. It's the most rational explanation, disregarding his current physical deprivation. He appreciates Friday's willingness to play along, if nothing else. "Are we ready to go?"
What surprises him is that she isn't here, but even Maya has to sleep sometimes. Does she sleep well? Are her nights haunted? How much or how little her conscience troubles her is a question Tony has never been able to answer. They shared the same streak of ruthless pragmatism, but deep down they both knew Maya saw him as a sentimental fool. Never let it be said that for her ideas she didn't take responsibility.
"Block it," he says immediately. "Bring the legal team to bear."
that her legacy is super-soldiers and human bombs as long as she gets her
SR: I follow that far. Doesn't explain why you've been thinking about it, though. I've never known you to waste time unless something big was on your mind.
SR: No.
JK: What do you think you'd accomplish? We might be embarrassed, losing two directors in a matter of months, but you're already the man who murdered Captain America. And hey, this way you might actually get your job back.
What Tony wants to ask Reed at that moment is whether Reed has ever been tempted to cleanse himself of the grit of human feeling. It's distraction and drive all at once, and Tony has never been comfortable with how thoroughly the two blur together. He can't ask Reed that, though, because he and Reed don't have that kind of relationship. What Tony really
Here is Iron Man: Tony Stark, stripped of human weakness, re-engineered and beatified.
JK: Tony. You're the Director of SHIELD. Of course we have a vested interest in your health. If Doctor Samson made any recommendations, I can assure you he did so out of concern for your wellbeing.
Figuring out how to best enact Registration is an ongoing process. Some of the support programs will take months or years to get off the ground. Camp Hammond's training program is one of our current priorities. I can't comment further.
"The longer we let them go unchecked, the more the tide turns in their favor," says Hill. She's standing with both hands planted on the ops table, hip cocked, staring Tony down. "Let me be blunt," she says. "I don't think you're telling us everything."
He faces the window, and Steve comes up beside them; Tony can see him reflected in the glass. Now that they're here, he doesn't know how to begin. There's no way he can explain what's happening without revealing himself as a monster, and that's fine, but he's also a monster with a purpose; locking him up isn't going to solve this problem, not when the armor's unibeam has an explosive yield more than adequate to blast a hole in a supermax prison, and sedating him might only make it easier for Yinsen's son to crack open Tony's head.
TS: Yes. Sorry. Yes.
"Thanks, Pepper."
"I don't," Tony says. "I'm still an alcoholic. I did a lot of things I'm not proud of under the influence. But here's the thing—I did a lot of things I'm not proud of while sober, too. Iron Man was always supposed to be an opportunity to be better than I was. When I had a secret identity, though, it sometimes turned into an excuse. Not that I ever needed an excuse to dodge responsibility, but—you get the idea. It meant I didn't have to own my actions, and for an alcoholic, that's as bad as a relapse."
"And that's great. I hear you. I'm with you all the way. The problem is that you are going to face adversity. You are going to face detractors. You are going to face your own fear. Because what future-proofing the human race means is radical, irreversible change, and that scares people. It should scare
He'd gone to Tintagel once on a pilgrimage to Cornwall. The castle was ruined and ravaged and not much more than a handful of low stone walls that only suggested at what must have once been a daunting structure set on the edge of a cliff overlooking the ocean. At the time he'd wondered if Igraine ever felt anchored to the sea, if she'd missed it when Uther carried her off to Camelot. Could her chain stretch that far? He thought it could. She had Gorlois to hold her there, and her daughters, a whole life before Uther ripped her away.
"Fury's dead."
"Are you going to let them in?" Friday wonders.
The super-soldier serum was the holy grail, and men would lay down their lives in pursuit of it. The one successful application was six feet two inches and two hundred twenty pounds of all-American ass-kicking; he might look like a nice boy, but that didn't mean he was one. Good luck getting a blood sample out of
"Got a funny way of showing it, Shellhead." Steve pats Tony's ankle. "Now you're always going to be the man who murdered Captain America."
04052006091.1.3
The reality is that you can't always change a causal chain; sometimes you can only change how you respond to it, and if you run up against limits in your range of responses, there's only one solution.
should clean out Steve's room. Tony is struck by thoughts all day long, a thousand every minute, his mind a planetary body under ceaseless bombardment by a shower of meteorites; but this thought seems remarkable.
There's nothing in the garage that can help with this. It's a good garage, a great garage, a garage that takes up the lowest three levels of the Tower's basement. He'd like a little sunlight, had considered installing this iteration of the garage on the
"What's up?" Tony says. He's about eight minutes outside of New York airspace, headed south down the coast to D.C. again. It's dusk: late summer, clear skies. Even New Jersey looks gorgeous.
Are they at the end of their lifespan? Are they worn out, obsolete, useless? Tony wonders, sometimes, he wonders about the Avengers; but people aren't products, and if the Avengers are failing, it only means they need to be rebuilt again, newer, better, bigger, wider in scope and more reliable, an engine of guardians to stand between Earth and the stars. They only have to weather this storm, and that means Tony has to make sure as many of them as possible make it through Registration intact.
Tony hangs around to pester her. He and Steve supervise the next generation of Avengers. Howard Stark rolls over in his grave and nobody cares. It's a good What If. It's one of his favorites. All the best people are there.
"You and Drew," he says. "Did the two of you ever…"
SR: I don't consider myself a hero.
And then he'd had only the golden mail of the undersuit to keep him from being naked before them. There were so many people in the room, and they were all watching him, and he was sure he wasn't shaking because he'd coded that response out of himself, but they were all watching, because he'd said yes. "Do you have it?" Carstairs had asked, and then Agent Colletti, whose partner Tony had once met over dinner back when he still ate dinner, held up a gleaming golden circlet. "Right here," he'd said, and then he knelt in front of Tony.
STARK: Absolutely. He'd take a bullet for any one of us.
CB: No one has attempted a definitive account of the team.
"Because they don't need to."
In the What If he builds as he looks down at New York, he is excised of all weakness. The only sentiment he retains is a benevolent belief in the future of humanity, a hollow golden glow that encompasses the perfection of his reason. He is not an alcoholic, not an addict, not prone to obsession at all. He understands everything that has happened, sees with flawless clarity what is to come. He acts according to the greater good. He sublimates the self. He engineers himself into the armor.
"Did I?"
There are two things that make Tony's party better than other people's parties. The first is the dress code. His attendants, including the estimable Secretary of Defense, are in Hugo Boss and Brioni; but Tony is wearing a bespoke suit, something far more beautiful than any construction of mere fabric. On the outside it gleams. On the inside it gleams. What is housed beneath the suit does not gleam, but not a single person here can tell if Tony's shaved, if he's dressed, if he's clean. Of course he is. He's a master of nanomachinary. No sodium polyacrylate or maximum absorbancy garments here—Tony has a waste disposal system that puts NASA to shame.
"Once we step out I want you to join Tony at the front and move ahead, Bucky and I will give you guys rear cover.", Steve explained as he stirred the jet to the ground.
"Wait, you mean we're almost there?!", he asked and he could feel his heart start to race in his chest. The bird in the cage, flapping uncontrollably. "I- I can't- I-", he stuttered as his throat closed up. He wasn't sure where this sea of panic came from but he was drowning, it was going to swallow him whole.
(See the end of the chapter for
and too
Peter didn't react, he observed Tony, cocking his head to one side slightly. His cold detached look gave Tony the creeps. What had they done to him.
"What about you, did HYDRA try to make you their next pet assassin? I mean, why give you all these powers if they can't use it?", Wade then asked and it was a valid question. It still made Peter's throat close up in panic.
"I don't think so. ", Tony said with a knowing smile and something about it erased all of Wade's worries.
"Yes, this is about Gwen.", Peter nodded before reaching up and rubbing his eyes with the balls of his hands. "I- I don't know how to help her. In some ways she's still the girl I grew up with and in others... ", he lowered his hands, took a drag of his cigarette, the embers were illuminating his face. "Like today. I feel like I don't know her at all. I look at her and I have no fucking clue who that is."
"Hm?" Peter didn't look at Tony, staring at the sea instead, at how the sun was reflected on the waves, making the water look like liquid gold.
"Yeah. Sorry.", Wade said, chuckling nervously before letting himself fall next to Peter. There was still several inches between them but considering everything, they were still pretty close. Wade started up at the ceiling, trying to calm his thoughts, the voices in his mind. For a moment he thought that that was it, that he'd never see Peter again. To have him here, right beside him, Wade still couldn't quite believe it. He wanted to reach out, touch Peter, make sure that he was real and not just a mirage. He didn't dare, though. Not without Peter's consent. Peter turned around until he laid on his stomach, propped up on his elbows, his face hovering over Wade's and Wade almost choked on his breath.
Everywhere they went Bucky took a single picture of Peter to send Tony. Those were the only times that Peter laid eyes on himself. It was strange to watch himself change over the weeks. His hair grew longer and curlier, his cheeks less hollow and sunken in, his skin less pale from spending days and days outside. And even though he was still a little too thin to look healthy, his eyes still a little too empty to seem normal, he was feeling better and better.
"And don't worry... I... I'm not going to kill myself over this. I'll live with it.", Peter then said and Wade couldn't help but to stop once more. This was a dangerous topic, dangerous for multiple reasons but most importantly because Wade wanted to keep Peter as far away from contemplating suicide as he could.
"Prove what?", Peter asked.
"He's hurting himself.", Steve finished gravely.
(See the end of the chapter for
"That's nice of you to say.", Tony smirked, less genuine this time.
"Fuck you!", he responded before pulling MJ upstairs.
"Shook."
God, Wade hated himself.
So... thoughts?
The kid ate slowly, glancing at Bucky constantly, like he was scared that he'd rip the food away. Or maybe he just waited for Bucky to tell him to stop. He didn't though, so the boy finished the soup and the bread and drank the water and by the time he was done his eyes were already closing.
Another tear. The kid whimpered and hid his face. Bucky had an idea what the issue was. "Kid, you can cry. It's okay. No shame in tears." A sob tore through the boy's body, made him tremble, but he cramped up again immediately. Bucky had no plan for how to approach this. He just went with his instinct. "I don't mind. Really. I cry a lot, too." That made the boy look at Bucky again. And while there was still distrust in his eyes, at least he didn't seem as terrified anymore. "After what HYDRA puts you through... it's hard to not cry all the time."
"What-?"
Once again Steve thought of Bucky. Of how ashamed he was after Steve figured out the extent of abuse he went through at the hands of HYDRA. For a while he wouldn't even look Steve in the eyes. With that in mind he put down the file without opening it. This was a decision Tony had to make. For now Steve only had tell him. God... how was he supposed to tell him when he himself barely comprehended it.
"I'm not. I'm looking out for a friend. Now get up, Weasel has a job for us. ", She replied, sounding stern yet sympathetic. It was such a juxtaposition to Death's harsh words and even harsher treatment that Wade felt the nearly overwhelming urge to cry. Instead of doing that he just pulled his blanket over his head which was almost just as undignified.
They decided to get breakfast first but afterwards they returned to their room where Peter sat down in one of the chairs.mWhen Bucky asked Peter how he wanted it Peter thought back to the haircut Wade gave him.
Peter sat up at the question, and then he just looked at Bucky. He wasn't glaring, his gaze was empty...or not empty but closed off. Peter was in there, but all the doors were locked. "That's a loaded question. I
"He's not going anywhere!", Tony yelled.
"Shut up!", Deadpool hissed at his boxes and to his dismay Peter flinched violently but didn't say anything, looking out the window again.
"Yeah, fucked your mom and pissed off when you were 10.", Peter said it like a joke and Bucky smirked.
"Peter we talked about this- you agreed to this.", Tony tried to reason. Didn't he he see that Peter couldn't be reasoned with, didn't he hear Bucky's warnings? His words were like gasoline for Peter's flame. The fire quickly turned into an inferno. He singled Tony out now, he charged at him until they were only inches apart. Tony was shorter than Peter but he looked far steadier than his son. He didn't back down when Peter tried to get him to buckle just with his glare alone.
"But you don't believe me.", Peter pointed out.
"So are you on the run from HYDRA, is that why you're traveling with Bucky fucking Barnes. ", she then asked, as casually as if they were talking about a movie.
"Bummer. What else are you gonna do with me then, huh?"
Still, he liked looking at Wade. Even though his skin looked painful, (Peter wondered what it felt like, if it caused him physical discomfort), he had handsome features. A straight nose, a strong jaw and his eyes. Chocolate brown but right now, as the sun set and the last beams reflected perfectly, they looked like gold.
I'M SOFT
Peter suddenly stilled "I'm so sorry.", he whispered, the overwhelming guilt apparent in his voice.
"Good.", Wade nodded. He could feel the tiredness creep into his limbs, making them heavy. "That's all for now, I'll go back to his room and crash in the chair, I promised to stay with him.", he then excused himself to return to Peter.
Tony's mind was already running a mile a minute but essentially it was running in circles. A cruel carousel of:'
"And what did you say?", he asked, trying to sound as unbothered as Peter. If Peter noticed Bucky's concern he didn't mention it.
"You mean Gwen?" Even though he didn't outright state it, yet, Wade could tell that Peter blamed himself for whatever happened to his friend, he recognized guilt when he saw it.
Wade couldn't quite remember the flight to Malibu, he was too caught up in his own thoughts and worries. Stark didn't tell him specifically what had happened or why he was needed but right now it didn't really matter anyways. If Peter needed him he'd be there no matter what. He realized that it had to be real bad when he arrived at the mansion a couple of hours later. Tony Stark looked nothing at all like the suave guy he knew from the media. Right now he looked distraught and exhausted, his eyes were red and puffy and his hair stood up in all directions.
"Run away? Hide in a remote cabin somewhere in Siberia where no one can hurt you. ", Wade replied and he knew that it wouldn't have worked. A part of him wished that he had just broken Peter out, the minute he was taken. But Bucky had been right. They would've been on the run and Wade didn't know how long Peter could've handled that.
"It's not sabotage. I'm protecting myself.", there was definitely an edge to his voice but Wade also noticed the nervousness, the tension in his shoulders. He was careful to not startle the boy when he positioned himself next to him.
First Wade, now Bucky. Tony should start to make a list of people he owed all of his happiness to. He'd get them some extraordinary Christmas presents, maybe a Tesla.
He tried to not compare his father to HYDRA, he really did. Deep down he knew that the two were fundamentally different. But there were certain thought patterns that were hard to suppress.
"Okay, sorry. But what I'm saying still stands. Yeah, the withdrawal will suck but afterwards you can finally heal again." Wade could see how some might interpret his words as hollow but Wade believed that Peter could do it, or at least he tried to. His own conviction didn't matter. He only had to make Peter believe it.
As soon as Peter was present again the dread set in. Suddenly his eyes were shooting around fratically. Wade, Tony, Steve, Bruce, Wade. Then he looked down on himself like he only noticed his position now.
Because even though everything about Peter spelled out danger, pain and uncertainty, said 'don't get attached', 'not again' and 'he has an expiration date' , even though Wade was painfully aware of all of all of that, he was addicted. Addicted to making Peter happy or if he couldn't make him happy then just a bit less miserable. Of having him in his arms and if that was too much, than at least in his life and always in his heart.
Okay, so this one is pretty short but it's a strictly Peter/Wade chapter so please enjoy and leave a review, the comments on the last chapter have truly blown me away!
"And I'm thankful for that. Really. Thank you for taking care of her. ", Peter told her and Tony knew that he was being genuine. Peter let go of Gwen's hand and pulled her to his side instead, where he smiled down at her.
(See the end of the chapter for
"I'm sorry, I'm bored. I have no patience whatsoever.", Peter shrugged while still continuing to juggle. It wasn't a complete lie and it sounded better than 'Reality doesn't feel real and the best way to combat that feeling right now is to juggle.'
Tony looked around the room for a moment like he was trying to find the right words. His eyes focused in on the window, looking beyond it to the ocean outside. The mansion was on a cliff right by the sea. It was beautiful but essentially it felt like looking at a picture. Peter wasn't allowed to leave. Or so he thought. "Mind going on a walk, kid?", Tony asked, looking back at him as Peter's eyebrows shot up.
Peter didn't reply anything to that for a while, just staring out at the dark sky, the rush of the waves was the only noise Wade could hear.
"Yeah. You remember our last date? The boy we talked about? Peter, did he come through here?", he asked urgently and Not-Vanessa raised her eyebrows.
"How shitty that I don't remember most of it, am I right?", Peter then said, a bitter smile on his face.
"Because I thought that she might change her mind, because I thought you wouldn't believe me, because I didn't want you to think that I was being cruel. Take your pick. I'm sorry either way.", Tony confessed. All these answers were true and none of them was the right one. It was just a mix of all of them.
That's how Deadpool ended up stuffing an unconscious Peter Stark into the passenger seat of his pick-up truck. The whole first hour of their ride Wade could only glance over at Peter every few seconds. The boy, he had to be like 20 but he seemed much younger, looked like he went through hell and according to the file Wade also took with him, he did.
"Don't touch me!", ge gasped out, his eyes suddenly wild and Wade took a big step back, holding up his hands while Peter gasped for air, clutching his chest until his knuckles turned even whiter. "I can do this myself...", he then mumbled before pushing himself away from the car and slowly stumbling towards the restaurant. Not for the first time today, Deadpool wished he could go back in time and kill those agents all over again, but make it really count this time.
At the finish line, he flinches.
"How's he doing?"
"Yes," he mumbles.
TS: I don't need anything, but thanks.
And Steve—
"That's funny, comin' from you as it is," she says.
Steve's mouth twitches briefly—Tony's glancing sideways under the cover of his hand—before it settles back into the flat line of tension. "What'd you want to talk about?"
. He just wants to close his eyes. "And…" Oh. God, of course. "You want to learn how to replicate their powers."
"No. I haven't gone this long without talking to her since…" He breaks off, moves a pawn. Doesn't finish.
Stark may have been officially cleared of all charges concerning Steve Rogers' death, but what he has done and continues to do to this nation and to Rogers' legacy is an act no less violent or criminal. Rogers so believed in the principles of privacy, freedom, and self-determination that he gave his life for his cause. Stark, who hides inside his armor at the top of his tower, appears to have no such conviction.
"If you need time to think about it—"
as a civilian. Unarmored and unarmed, no safeties and no safety. There's something hard curling at Maya's lips, something sated but not satisfied. Her shortcut had been first in covertly providing the Extremis enhancile to a criminal element so she didn't have to wait the years necessary for legal approval and second in calling in her old friend Tony Stark to track down the thieves who had purportedly stolen her project. In other words, she had wanted to test the Extremis enhancile on humans, and then she had wanted to test the Extremis-enhanced humans against someone who could put up a good fight. Tony, in the end, had filled both roles.
Steve looks frozen. No, that isn't right—Tony's seen him frozen before, and he looked peaceful then. Like a little boy: face slack; hair tousled; those long, nearly-invisible eyelashes of his fanned against the delicate skin under his eyes. Now he looks like granite, like steel, like graphene. There's no mobility there, not of flesh and not of spirit.
"I… thought this or something like it was likely." He kicks his feet out, enjoying that he has two of them and that both are whole and intact; it's a bad idea to wander around down here without shoes, but Tony lives to walk on the wild side. The rest of his body is locked away in a box; you can do that with your armor if it's sophisticated enough. Thanks to Extremis, his connection to all those modular parts remains seamless although they no longer touch him.
"No," Tony says. "Maybe. Pepper, I need time."
He puts on his coffin and falls. As he falls, he whispers in Friday's ear. "I'm glad he's dead," he tells her. He should've said it to Carol; that would have been more honest.
Twelve days have passed since the Superhuman Registration Act was signed into law, and the current stalemate shows no signs of breaking. Steve Rogers, long the most visible opponent of the SRA, has been a fugitive since SHIELD agents issued him notice that he must comply with the new legislation or face arrest. In his absence, the streets of New York City are alight with a tension only aggravated by the heat of summer, the foreboding and highly visible presence of SHIELD's new "cape-killer" units, and the PR blitz coordinated by pro-Registration figureheads that blares from every TV, radio, and laptop.
Absolutely not. The job of any—let's say "extra-legal peacekeeper", since some of my friends aren't comfortable with the term "superhero"—the job of any peacekeeper, whether they're keeping robbers from knocking off some 7-11 or going toe-to-toe with big boys like Kang, is to serve the best interests of their community. Part of that, of course, is gauging the immediacy and severity of a particular threat, which is why I'm working so closely with the Registration Oversight Commission to ensure that no superhero is prevented from taking necessary action by red tape, but serving the community means respecting that community's laws and their wishes on what those laws should be.
PASSIVE MODE //
"That leads me to believe that she removed herself from the board."
The first thing Iron Man does is recalibrate his sensor arrays to recognize Sue Storm's particular signature. She can't be detected by conventional means, being truly invisible in an electromagnetic sense, but she does leave certain traces—she's invisible, not intangible, even if her ability involves the manipulation of cosmic energy. He doesn't run his calibration past Reed; they can't afford distraction.
SR: No, we have… had… a rotating chair.
At 6:03:22, Captain America screams.
One-thirty, one-forty and climbing. Where once an elevated pulse might have meant at best severe pain and at worst a terminal condition, now it barely makes him short of breath. His heart is new and improved. It's
"I'm not sure I want to know," Tony says. "Stay safe. Keep a light on for me."
CB: How does that division of labor work?
STARK: Personal assistant.
"We need to recruit," he says.
"I told you that you'd face detractors. It's true. People out there, the people who don't understand predictive analytics, who don't understand innovation, who don't understand that we have to be ready, those people like to tell me on a daily basis that this enhancile—I call it 'Extremis,' by the way, and it's a baby of collaboration—those people like to tell me that I am ruining myself. That I am an abomination. They're not wrong, although that has nothing to do with Extremis or my armor, right? Go on, Car Guy, it's okay to laugh.
Sally Floyd
"What am I talking about, Tony?"
• 8h ago
He plays What If like he breathes, like he'll die if he doesn't. He falls asleep building a What If. He wakes building a What Is. It's causality. It's just pain.
"Regulation," Tony says. "It'll come as an offer of resources at first—better equipment, faster response from support teams, social services, health care."
"With all due respect"—Tony works weights and measures in his head, discards the formal for something a little more personal and earnest—"with all due respect, Jack, you didn't have the power to recall me even before you appointed me director."
"What the
He lays the groundwork; he reads the public; he makes preparations. He asks about the armor. He doesn't ask about Steve. He asks about the people he killed, the terrorists, the passengers on the plane, the SHIELD agents who tried to stop him. He asks about Yinsen's son, whose death he carries no more and no less lightly than the others. He makes sure the kid gets sent home, to his mother, for the closed-casket funeral the kid's cause of death dictates. And that's the second day.
HH: Make sure we're not accidentally running over someone else along the way.
The armor stares back at him, impassive. There's the clarity he requires.
He buys the headset, syncs it to his phone, tosses the crappy earbuds he'd stolen from Clint in the trash. Discarding the tether comforts him, and Friday's voice is clear in his head all the same.
"Got it," he says, and then, before Shonda can protest, he scoops her up, fires his boots, and rockets outside to deposit her in the street. One down. That's the easy one; the deeper into the building he goes, the more time it's going to take to weave his way in and out. He catches a glimpse of Danvers backlit by the sky with one person in her arms bridal-style and two more clinging to her neck before he drops back into hell.
• 5h ago
BIRCH: I'm establishing an overview so I know what to explore in more depth later.
At 6:03:26, he goes to work.
United France Airliner 39 crashed in a field twelve miles outside of Dijon, France at 8:30 Tuesday evening. 70 passengers and three crew, including the pilot and co-pilot, died on impact. Nine survive, six in critical care.
Music may not be our vice of choice, but we were excited to hear that
SR: Well… It was forty-four. Must've been late in the year, because the president had just won his fourth term, but it was before the counteroffensive. Cold enough to freeze your nose off.
He does talk to Carol, who in her own way is just as lost as he would've been before the latest round of upgrades. "Why are we doing this?" she wants to know. "Logan called me today. You can't avoid dragging the mutants into it forever, and if you run him to ground, you know he'll open fire and bring every able-bodied X-Man with him. What about the people who get caught in that crossfire?"
