After the Howard-debacle, they started studying in a corner of the library. Sometimes Sam joined them. Sometimes Natasha or Clint would come and sit with them for an hour, but usually it was just Steve and Tony. Tony and Steve. Sitting across from each other in the quiet room, talking in hushed tones about history for Steve, and Advanced Calculus for Tony. Steve had no idea what he was saying, but he liked listening to Tony talk about it.
“That’s not what you told me.”
“I don’t think there’s much proof, guys,” he said softly.  “Maybe there isn’t any proof, at all.  It’s just in my memory.”  He dropped a kiss onto the top of Wanda’s head.  “All he’d have to do was say it was all in my head.  And who knows?  Maybe he’s right.”
“Do--” Tony began, stepping lightly.  He felt like he was walking on dangerous ground and didn’t want to accidentally tread on something that could blow up in his face.  “Do you have any money?” he asked gently.
Steve chuckled sleepily. "Whatever you say, Tony."
“May I see them?”
It was calm, but bitterly cold when the jet touched down outside The Raft.
The laughter dried up.  Steve shoved his hands back into his pockets.  “No, that’s probably not the best idea.”
“I believe you and I have a consensus, then.”
“No way.”
“I’m not fighting,” Steve said quietly. “Are
”I’m sorry. I-I have to go.”
Steve laughed and rubbed his cheek against his own shoulder to wipe away the tear that had escaped his lashes. “It was a long day.”
smiling. He couldn’t help it. “You’re disgustingly happy?” he asked, and he could actually
“Mmm?”
“You looked pretty happy to see him.”
She kept her hand on his forearm, and he was grateful for it. Grateful for that touch. It kept him focused on her, and didn’t let his eyes get drawn across the room again. “So do you. It’s been a long time.”
“Hasty?” Tony asked. “What things were you hasty about?”
movie?”
Tony lay beside him for a while.  The others were waiting for him, but they could wait another few minutes.  Tony closed his eyes and rested against his man, his partner, his reason for continuing to breathe, to live.
“Stark,” Strange said, and Tony pulled out of Steve’s arms.  He kissed him one more time, not lingering, but putting every ounce of his love into it.  And Steve did the same.  Tony felt it.  He took it and put it in his pocket like a physical thing.  Another one of those things he could take out and look at when the world was cold.  He touched Steve’s face one more time, mouthed
“There you are, Cap,” Rhodey said.  Tony didn’t look up, his face did not change at all.
Steve shook his head, that tiny Cheshire Cat smile back on his lips.  “It’s okay,” he said for a third time, and his thumb edged under the hem of Tony’s t-shirt so it could touch bare skin.  The feeling was like controlled lightning in a bottle.
Steve nodded with an internal sigh--why couldn’t Tony just hire the same guys every time? “I’m okay,” he said. “And I’m not driving, so, again, please?”
“Then step outside.  Wait in your fucking car.”
“No,” Tony scoffed, then with hardly a breath, “Well, yes, but not in the way you think.”
“Yeah?”
. She
“Hey!  What the hell?”  Steve put a hand to his jaw.  Tony’s fist had been hard and fast.  It hurt.
“Sergeant,” Dugan said, suddenly at his side.
Nat ignored him and read more.  A hard copy was printing away in the corner, and she was downloading everything onto a tiny zip drive, but her amber eyes ate up the screen in front of her.
Tony got up and stood by his shoulder, watching Bruce’s fingers fly across the keys.  “What are you doing?  And what did you mean, you’re going to tell me?  Tell me what?”
“I repeat: Fuck. You.”
Tony closed his eyes.  “No.  You didn’t make that up.”
Steve moved forward instead of speaking, and took Tony in his arms.  He kissed him.  It was hard, determined, rough in a way Steve rarely was, but it was still undeniably
He raised his eyebrows. “Duh.”
Tony nodded again.  “Yeah.  He is.”
Tony’s chest felt a little warmer.
“Here?” Steve asked. “In here?”
would have meant, but not me. I just don’t want one touching me.” He shuddered dramatically.
“No, you were right.”  Steve adjusted his sweater, looked for his cane, and made his slow way over to it.  “I shouldn’t have come here.  I knew it was a mistake.”  His eyes had lost that cold, hard shine.  Now he just looked lost.  “I just--when I saw you this afternoon, I remembered how good it was between us.  For awhile, you know.  At home.  And I guess I just wanted to feel that again before--” he stopped.  Bent down and picked up his cane.  “It was selfish of me,” he said.  “I’m sorry, Tony.  Really.  For everything.  I really did never want to hurt you.”
The end.
Hot threads of lust traced through Tony’s core and tangled in his stomach.  He wanted that, too.  Wanted it, but hadn’t dared to think it, let alone say it.
He did the same thing now, right up until he reached for the polished brass handle and opened the door.
something wrong. Like he was cheating. But he kept doing it. Tony wasn’t here. He hadn’t been here. Not for years. Steve wasn’t cheating on him. In no way could what he was doing be considered cheating--just because he still felt that way didn’t mean anything. It didn’t make it true. “But we’re both here. We’re both...interested. Can’t we skip all the bullshit between now and ‘eventually’ and just go back to your place?”
And by snuggles, I mean sex. Just some forewarning there. I may have went a little overboard. But I wanted a little sugar in the bowl before I set it on fire. Sorry.
Tony blinked rapidly. He kept his hand clenched over the dog-tags inside. “Do, um...do you know how often I thought about you giving me these?” he asked. He smiled, but it was small, difficult, like the thought gave him as much pain as pleasure. Steve supposed it probably did. “After that night. That first night, when you came home and we saw each other at that bar? Remember?”
“How?”
“Steve, what’s going on? Are you okay?”
“We don’t have to do it again,” Tony said, and how had Steve never fully appreciated just how deep and
--” Tony began then stopped and dropped his forehead against Steve’s chest. “Yeah. Okay. Whatever you say.”
“We’re a group--a family, really--of like-minded individuals interested in keeping the community clean and pure.”
“Proper channels equals red tape, Bruce.  I’ll--”
“Tony?” Steve said, as if he had read his mind. As if he had known exactly what Tony was thinking.
“I want
He left Howard standing there. Left him to gather Morgan up, slip her into her jacket, and rush out the door. He left him standing there, and he didn’t see how much those two words affected Howard. How much they shook him. How much they meant to him.
Just some sweet, fluffy stuff...
“Right.”
all day.” He glanced at the open bedroom door. “Or, in there anyway, but I think I’ve changed my mind.”
He’d kind of become a master of
“Not really.”
“What does your mother think about that, Steven?”
“Hmm?”
Steve nodded slowly. “Yeah…?”
Steve felt a hot push of air against his side, and he automatically dropped to the ground.
Steve took his cigarettes out of his pocket, shook one out of the pack, and put it between his lips. He’d had Tony's cock between his lips so many times. He still thought about it. Still dreamed about it. He’d loved doing it. Loved bringing Tony to the edge with his mouth and his tongue. Loved feeling Tony’s muscles jump beneath his fingers. Loved it when he came, the way he’d go rigid, then relax, everything easing at once as he fell back, spilling into Steve’s mouth, sated, drifting. His eyes finding Steve’s down the length of his body. God, there’d been so much love in them then. So much happiness. So many forevers.
“Let’s eat then.”
That usually did it, but the far away look in his eye made her angry.  Hurt her feelings too, probably, and he hated himself for that.  He was the one using her, after all.  Sure, she’d come with him on this luxury Mexican vacation, but she paid for some of their meals, swiping the check from his hand and passing over her credit card to the waitress.
Tony blinked in mild surprise.  “Don’t mind me,” he said.  “Nebula isn’t much for chit-chat, I must have lost my manners up there.  You know, in space.  Where you left me.”  He raised an eyebrow.  “What’s your excuse?”
“You weren’t kidding,” Steve said, closing his eyes.  “You really are like a teenager again.”
“I could go to a hotel.”
Tony looked at his calm, kind face and nodded.
“Aww. For me?”
“It’s not that,” Steve said quietly.  “I
“Yeah,” Tony said, and ran his thumb over Steve’s knuckles. “Me too.”
“Fine,” Tony said, and reached for the phone. “Fine. But I’m taking half the bail out of your paycheck.”
She slapped his hand away and sniffed.  “I’m not crying, you piece of shit.  Don’t touch me.”
“That is so disrespectful, Tony,” Steve began. “General Patton was a—”
“Yes, dear,” Tony said, and got to his feet.
“Stark?  Come on.”
Tony dropped his hand when they reached it.
Steve hung back, letting Tony go out first, letting him get out the door.  When he was sure he was out of earshot, Steve glanced up again.  “Thanks, FRIDAY.”
“Hmm.  Funny how that happens.”
She looked up at him and nodded indulgently. “Yes, dad. I’ll be fine.”
Steve tightened his grip. “Maybe part of it was just timing. Maybe if we’d met later. Or earlier. If I’d already left the army-”
“Yeah, it does,” Tony said, hugging Steve close in his arms.  “Maybe next time, huh?”
When he opened his eyes, they fell on the bars on the man’s chest.  Steve straightened immediately, snapping to attention as naturally as the guard had done in his cell.  His tour had ended decades ago, but he did it anyway.  The bars on the man’s chest meant “colonel”.  “Colonel” meant respect.
“Would it be okay if I invited some...friends for dinner some night?”
He closed his eyes. “I wanted him to be.”
Clint slipped through her hands with eerie speed and was cocking an arrow before she even  knew he was gone.
He got out of the shower, pulled on some sweats and a t-shirt, and left the bathroom. He wasn’t really thinking about anything. Just going through the motions of bedtime rituals. It was Sunday tomorrow, so he didn’t have to get anything ready for school, but he and his mother usually did a family breakfast Sunday mornings, so he got the coffee pot ready, and set the timer for eight. Mom would be home about then, and she would want coffee with her bacon and eggs. Steve usually opted for orange juice. He wasn’t much of a coffee drinker. He didn’t like the way it made him feel. Too jittery. Too on edge. Too much for a leisurely Sunday breakfast.
It got weird.
“You feel good too, Tony,” he said quietly, then frowned, pouting like he’d done this morning, making Tony’s cock twitch again. Steve pressed closer, but at the same time, grasped the ends of Tony’s tie, tugging it a little. “Except…”
The thought came from everywhere and nowhere, from the man on the bluff--
Morgan with me when you go out. When the
“Wanda?”
you go? Columbia? Yale?”
“You don’t have to say that.”
“You asked
“What did you want to talk to me about, Tony?”
“Come on.”
Tony laughed under his breath, still holding Steve, his anchor.  His rock.  “You sound pretty sure.  That’s scary, Steve.”
Steve felt a flash of anger at the word, but immediately following that, coolness flowed over him. He welcomed it. Sometimes he hated it. Especially when it happened when he was talking to his mom or Pietro, but this time, he embraced it whole-heartedly, because it meant Steve Rogers was no longer in charge. Sergeant Rogers was.
Steve stopped in mid-sentence.
He grasped Tony’s hand.  “Come on.  Dinner’s getting cold.”
“Got it.”
president.”
Steve shook his head.  “No.  No, Tony--”
He stopped talking. Tony could see a fine sheen of sweat covering his forehead now. His grip was tight to the point of pain, but Tony didn’t even try to get him to let go. “Steve,” he began, “you don’t have to-”
okay.  That they're
“Please tell me you at least contacted medical evac.”
“He is just
“They’re
Steve laughed and leaned in to kiss Tony’s mouth. “I don’t know,” he said. “She’s seventy, but she told my mom she’s been married five times. She might be more than you can handle.”
“If she let you in, she’s not really my friend,” Tony said. But there was no venom in it. He was too tired for venom. Too sad.
Then he felt a tug on his sleeve. He opened his eyes and Tony’s were there, right in front of him, looking hurt but hopeful. “Hey,” Tony said, and his fingers didn’t move from where they were curled into Steve’s jacket, so close to his own hand, he could feel the warmth of his body heat. “Come on. Let’s not do this, okay? None of this has to matter, does it?”
“How do
ONE MORE CHAPTER TO GO! Don't know whether to laugh or cry.
Steve smiled and rolled his eyes. “See? Nothing to worry about.”
“We’re going to have Wanda Maximoff go in and do it instead.”
“Yes, you did,” Sarah said, and Steve came to kiss her cheek.
Steve didn’t raise his head.  “You should go.”
He drew him a picture at lunch of a red car that would go really, really fast because Tony liked cars that went fast and red was his favorite color.
"Oh, Steve."
“Good.”
Tony considered, squinting his eyes and biting his lip, then shook his head.  “Nope.”
I almost made it on time! Only a day late, that's not so bad for me. Anyway, enjoy a little bit of birthday fluff. It might be a little cheesy, but hey, if a birthday isn't a full-on shit-fest, it SHOULD be cheesy!
Tony raised his eyebrows expectantly.  “Well?  Anything to say for yourself?”
“Tighten your own.”
He thought, six years ago, as he watched that long black car pull away from the curb and out into the street with Tony inside, that he was gone from his life forever.
worried,” he said. “If you get to worry, so do I.”
“Hi.”
Tony cried into her breast like he would have done with his own mother if given a chance.  She put her cool, soothing hand on his back and held him while he cried. She didn't say it was going to be okay, or that everything was going to be alright.  She had lost her husband of forty years only a year ago. She must have known that sometimes things
Steve didn’t make it easy.  He tightened his grip, pulling him closer.  Tony laughed under his breath.
Steve stood up slowly. He put the last box of Lucky Charms on the shelf. Straightened it so it was in line with the others. “Um. It might be.”
“You’re not planning on pissing me off, are you?”
And then he was in her arms, and she was clutching him close, and her breath was on his neck, her voice on his ear.  "He's okay," she said. "They said he's going to be okay."
“Hey guys.”
“Say that again, baby.”
"Are you hungry, honey?" Natasha asked, and Steve shook his head.  "Do you want coffee? Or a soda?"
“Huh?”
"I'll go with you."
Well,
They ate breakfast, then did the dishes together. It was habit. Steve washed. Tony dried and put stuff away. They didn’t talk about it. They just did it. Afterward, Steve squeezed Tony around the waist and kissed his shoulder on his way into the bathroom to shower. Tony had another cup of coffee and checked his messages. There were a lot of them. He was only semi-retired, and that meant he still had to be semi-responsible.
“Coming, peanut,” he said without lifting his head.
Steve’s eyelids fluttered open and he finally focused on Tony’s face.
Tony laughed, his eyes falling closed as sleep started to overtake him. “Sleepy-Steve is mushy-Steve. I like it.”
“Are you okay?” Steve asked, his voice coming out of the darkness.
“So...Pietro and Clint...they’re happy?”
“We aren’t doing anything wrong.  The First Amendment--”
back when he was young. He’d had drugs. And drinks. And acquaintances who masqueraded as friends. He’d had random nights with random people. Three-ways, and four-ways, and every-way but the one way that counted.
And Tony heard it too. One eyebrow arched up in an unspoken question, even as his eyes widened in brief surprise. “Really?” he asked, and eased closer, leaning against the bar, close enough that Steve could almost smell the heat between them. No, it hadn’t dimmed. It was still there. Still present and accounted for. “What were you doing then?”
crazy.
The pain was intense, excruciating, like a raging fire had been kindled just inside his belly.  He couldn’t breathe, couldn’t move.  He felt paralyzed, and all he could see was Ross.  Thaddeus Ross’ smug face hovering over him.
“No,” he said, and pulled her back into his arms.  She was comfy too.  “I want you to.”
“Oh,” Tony sighed, his face alight.  “Really?”
“Why?  Are you afraid you won’t be able to keep your hands off me?”
“There isn’t anybody else.
Steve turned in his seat, his eyes widening.
“Really?” he asked uncertainly. “Are you sure?”
Tony nodded.  “Me too.  But that’s a scary I can handle.  I
“Sure.  Eleven, it is.”  Tony drummed his fingers on the table.  Excitement was building inside him.  He was ready.  “I love this plan,” he said.  “I’m ecstatic about this plan.  I loved it a year and a half ago when Nat and I came up with it, and I still love it now.”
Tony stood up.  Steve held out his hands and Tony helped haul him to his feet.  Steve wrapped his arms around him and buried his face in the crook of Tony’s neck.  Tony held him, scratching his short nails up and down the muscles of his back.  They stood that way for awhile, both giving and taking warmth, peace, love.  Sir Purr stood between them, rubbing against their shins.
“Mmm,” Tony sighed. He touched Steve’s arm with gentle fingers. “Mm-hmm.”
“Yes,” he said harshly. “Want to fill you up. I-I
It wasn’t a hearing, not really.  It was really just a meeting.  Steve had already agreed to go, this was just a way to make it official.  Although, that was actually a misnomer, because it wasn’t official, at all.  His was to be an off-the-books imprisonment.  One that only Ross, Fury, Strange, and two guards would know about.
“Got a lot of work to do?”
Tony could picture Steve sitting here, brow furrowed while he penciled in the details of the car.  Those three vertical lines appearing, signalling his concentration while he perfected the shape and grace of the car’s lines.  Tony knew why, too.  Why he’d wanted it to be perfect.  Because Tony wanted it.  He wanted it, and Steve would never deliver anything but his absolute best to Tony.
“Did they ask him questions?  About the LSD and stuff?”
Steve swung around, the razor deadly in his grip.
“Okay. Kiss my mom good-bye for me, will you?”
Steve smiled like a cat that had gotten into the cream, total satisfaction on his face.  He put his head in his one unhurt hand.  “I miss that.”
“What do you mean, ‘come get me’?”
“Why would you think that was your fault?” Tony asked, trying like hell to keep calm in the face of those dangerous eyes. “I’m the one who fucked up.”
“Shh. It’s okay. I’ve got you.”
“Fuck you, that’s my excuse,” he spat.  “I didn’t
A souvenir t-shirt, yellow, thin,
texted back. Within seconds.
Steve took a step back, shoving his hands in his pockets, and Tony felt himself tense up again. He knew that gesture. He knew that Steve only did that when he was putting up walls and getting ready to guard them. With his life, if necessary.
“We don’t have to make a movie,” Tony said, and held him tighter. “We don’t have to do anything. It’d be nice to just hold you. Just wake up with you.” He kissed Steve’s jaw. “It’s been a long time since we did that. And that time-”
Tony's hand went to his hair again and used it to tug him closer. Steve came willingly, gratefully, and kissed him with a raw hunger that made his nerve endings sing with want. He could sense that quiet space, that place of peace and mercy
himself.
But, in the end, his practicality--and whatever that tiny, bothersome thing in the back of his head that kept him from diving into this--won out. “Not tonight,” he sighed.
Nat laughed.  “I’m done here.”
“I want to,” he said. “I want to do...all those things. Those other things you said. I want to do them too.”
Steve let out a long breath, kissed Tony's shoulder, kissed his neck, held him tight.  "Thank you, Tony," he sighed into his skin. "I needed that. Thank you."
“It’s been fifteen years, Steve,” he said. “I think
“I could try that, I guess,” Steve drawled.
“You’re talking about Captain America,” he said softly.  “Not you.”
Tony reached out and took the cigarette out of Steve’s fingers. He looked at Steve as he brought it to his own lips, took a drag, then let it out. “Even if it’s just a cigarette?” he said.
“You don't have to keep your hands to yourself," Steve said, glancing shyly up at him, then closing his eyes again. "I like it when you touch me."
“Hmm. I wonder.”
“Or worse,” Tony finished for him, feeling cold.
He remembered realizing in a quiet epiphany that from that moment on,
Tony sighed dreamily.  “I love it when you talk medical to me, Doc.  It always gets me going.”
“Okay.  Thanks.”
He came around the couch and kissed her cheek. Dodger followed him, and when Steve sat down beside his mother, he flopped down on the floor on top of his feet.
blood money.  But it was
Tony gestured weakly in the direction of the party. It was a big one. Glitzy. Music playing. People--Tony probably only really knew one in ten--eating, laughing, drinking on the company dime. “But-”
“No, it is,” he said quietly.  “And it’s okay.  I can handle it.  It’s just harder.  I was scared when I was in the other place.  I was scared all the time, but I wasn’t lonely.  It’s different here.”
“Baby.”  Tony.
, and they both cried at the end.
One more question threaded through his mind.  Natasha had made it so he didn’t have to go to the gym tonight, didn’t have to beat his body into submission, but he was going to have to ask.  It was the price he had to pay for sleep.
Howard chuckled again.
(See the end of the chapter for
“What do you think?” Tony asked.
Okay. This is short, and I'm not going to say it's NOT cheesy, but I don't care. Here we go with the start of something!
Steve asked Tony if he wanted to go with him to his next appointment with Doctor Strange.  Tony agreed immediately.
Steve’s laughter was cold, cruel.  “Fix it?
Steve stood over the answering machine and played the message he left. He sounded happy. Easy. Steve touched the flashing light on the machine while he spoke, caressing it with the pad of his finger. “Baby, hey, where are you? If you’re screening, pick up... ‘Kay, fine, don’t pick up. My dad and I had a talk and everything’s okay. Okay? But I won’t see you for a few days. We’re driving over to MIT tomorrow to look at housing options, then I’ll probably hang around campus for a little while. Maybe sit in on some classes. Dad has to come back Tuesday, but I probably won’t be home ‘til Thursday morning. I’m gonna look at apartments.
“Pfft,” Tony scoffed. “It’s just ‘cause I let him stick his tongue in-”
They were speaking quietly, but he could hear them. He couldn’t quite make out what they were saying, and did it even really matter? He was warm. Comfortable. He could smell coffee. And the voices were soft and familiar. He wasn’t one hundred percent sure who they belonged to, but he knew he knew them. Knew they were important. Knew they were safe. Knew
money to the pangolins.”
in the ice.  See how he liked it.
“Which one is it?” Bucky went on. “No, don’t tell me. The one currently getting groomed like a cat, right?”
"No, I wasn't.  I hated that part."
Tony shuddered, scrubbing a hand over his face.  He didn’t need this.  This was not the kind of thing a person should be thinking about on a sunny early-October afternoon.  He needed Steve.  He needed his relaxing ways, his steadying company, his calm eyes, his secure, strong arms.  For a moment, he thought he was being selfish, then the image of a thin, frightened Steve biting the sensitive skin of his wrist--skin Tony had kissed so lovingly--flashed in his head, and he thought maybe Steve needed him too.
“That’s not true.”
…? “Don’t know.”
“Yes. We will definitely be there.”
Tony closed his eyes.
Until he did.
He went into the bathroom, and a minute later, Tony heard the water in the shower start drumming against the tile. Tony touched the door, let his fingers linger on it, feeling the wood grain. He’d been smiling when Steve went into the bathroom, but he wasn’t smiling anymore. His eyes flashed with bright, brilliant hate. His skin was pale but for a spot of color high on his cheekbones. His brows were drawn together in a sharp frown. If he had looked in a mirror in that moment, he would have been terrified. He had never looked more like Howard in his life.
Tony blinked, stammered for a moment, his mind whirling.  “Wh-what?  What did you say?”
“Tell him I’m busy.”
Sigh. Soft, contented sigh.
“Almost better,” he said.  “They won’t scar.”
“Yes, Ma’am.”
that.”
Sam elbowed him, and he tore his eyes away to look at the doctor.
Ordinarily, that shrug would have irked Steve a bit. Even if it meant explaining his peculiar metabolism to a perfect stranger, he would rather do that than think this kid was letting a gaggle of drunks loose on New York with only a shrug to light their way. But not tonight. Tonight he’d let it go with a little shrug of his own and try hard to drown his sorrows with seven or eight or ten rounds of scotch.
Steve’s breath. Light and warm against his skin. Making him dizzy.
“Maybe we should take another vote.”
Tony followed.
Steve looked back at Morgan, reached back to brush his finger over her smooth cheek again, then went to Tony’s side. He put his hand on his hip. Touched his bottom lip. “There’s that pouty lip again,” he murmured.
They lay together for a while, Tony trailing gentle fingers up and down the indent of his spine and running his fingers through his hair. He didn’t think he had ever felt so warm, and that only intensified when Steve finally looked up at him, gazing at him through the dark fringe of his lashes.
“I want to,” Steve said, looking up at him.  “It’s okay.”
“Nat,” he said, and glanced at the bathroom door. The water was still pounding against the tile. He still had some time. “Hey. Umm. Can I come around to your place tomorrow afternoon?”
"Tony."
Tony laughed and swatted him on the ass. “Get out of here,” he said, and Steve grinned. He kissed Tony one more time, then grabbed his jacket and left the room. “Bring me home some dinner!” Tony yelled after him.
“Fuck. Fuck, baby.”
“Ninety seconds?” Clint repeated. “It’s three minutes, I’ll have you know.”
Steve’s eyebrows drew together in a frown. “Who?”
Let's get physical...
Steve ducked his head, turned it just enough to kiss the base of Tony’s thumb. “Thanks.”
Tony ran his hand through his hair. Kissed the side of his neck. “So,” he said, “in case I didn’t make it clear, you look gorgeous.”
Tony pulled him in for another kiss. “Yeah, but we know we’re right. Right?” He kissed Steve again. And again. “Right, baby?”
That was easy enough.
Not that it mattered. “We cater to the discerning, style-minded gentleman here” the salesman sniffed, proving to Tony exactly who the elitist dick in the room really was. “We don’t carry ‘utilitarian’.”
Tony shrugged, but his eyes were still very bright. Still very solemn. And that made Steve feel a little better. He liked that Tony was serious right now. He didn’t want to feel like this was a joke. It wasn’t for him. He was glad it wasn’t for Tony either.
When he was sure the kitchen was clean and there was no trace of their most recent dalliance, Tony opened the door and went outside.  He couldn’t help the smile that spread across his face or the spring in his step as he went down to greet them.  He teased Steve for missing “the kids” too much, but now that they were here, his own heart burst with joy at seeing them.
Howard’s mouth bowed in a small, complicated smile. Part grief, part relief. “You have a unique way of looking at things, Steven.”
Tony leaned forward.  He rested one hand on Steve’s thigh and cupped the other around the back of his neck.  Steve closed his eyes as their lips met, and grasped Tony’s jacket to pull him closer.  When he whispered, “I love you,” into Tony’s mouth, Tony kissed him harder, his heart beating faster, his mind everywhere and nowhere.  He couldn’t believe he’d almost lost this.
Howard smiled. On the surface, it seemed charming. “As far as Tony knows, there is no ‘but’. As far as Tony knows, that’s the end of the story.”
And he did. He may not have promised, but he
“Of course.”
to do that.  If he wanted to continue to exist, sometimes the thinking was unnecessary.  More--it was dangerous.
Sam had been wrong.
“And then nothing.”
“I don’t know,” Steve said.
Howard chuckled again and drank some of his coffee. He drank it black, Steve noticed, just like he did. “Sometimes it’s the perks that make a job the most worthwhile.”
throat, right where the cashmere met the skin.  It was impossible to say which was softer.
Steve smiled at him again, and that was
Steve looked at him from under his lashes, the little smile turning hopeful.  “You think so?”
“Still…”
Watching the two of them together reminded Steve so much of he and Bucky that his heart broke all over again.  If Thanos was coming--and he was--then this might really be the last night on Earth for some of them.  It wasn’t just Tony and himself that was going through this, it was all of them, all of them that were left, Rhodey included.  Steve felt a flush of shame.  He’d been selfish.  Seeing Rhodey and Tony huddled together made him realize just how much.
“Is Steve okay?” Morgan asked as Tony kissed her cheek and lay down beside her.
“Yes.”
He stopped, breathing a little hard.  Steve still hadn’t said anything, and the nerves were turning into a low-grade panic.  “Steve?”
Steve laughed and threw himself down in the chair next to Tony’s. The weight of his body shifted it a little closer, closing that last inch between them, which made it all the easier for Steve to kiss Tony’s cheek with a loud smack. “Later,” he said.
“Can’t somebody else go in?”
“A light?”
The image in front of them moved as Steve shifted in his sleep.  His brow contracted, his head turned fretfully.  His tongue came out and wet his lips, then slipped back inside his mouth.  He hitched in a deep breath, then sighed it out again, and then he was still.  But his face retained that pinched, worried look.  It always did when this happened.  Unless Tony took him in his arms and soothed it away with whispered words and kisses, it would stay for a while.
Tony restrained himself from reaching out and petting that ridiculously sexy beard that covered his cheek. “Well, now’s not the time to find out for sure, Steven.”
“Maybe we could make it work now.”
Heavy sigh. “No. I didn’t.” Even heavier pause. “I
He used one finger to urge Steve’s mouth wider, then slipped his cock into that warm, wet heat. Steve groaned around it. God, he loved this. He loved doing this for Tony. The feel of him in his mouth, the taste of him, the sounds he made, it was everything Steve had ever dreamed of and more. Everything he’d ever wanted.
Steve went into his apartment before anything else happened. He had no idea what else that
may entail. “Sam’s waiting.”
During the couple of weeks during the summer when they’d been fighting, Tony had made it a habit to halt the elevator on this floor, then wander oh-so-casually past Steve’s door just in case he might catch him out and force him to talk, but he had not been inside the actual living space in...well, ever.
"Is everything alright?" Jen asked.  "You and Steve haven't had a fight?"
“Seven o’clock?”
Nat sat back, her eyes sharp as knives.  “You’re saying you don’t trust her?”
“Fine,” Tony relented and Steve rolled away.  But not too far.  He laid next to him, curled his fingers into Tony’s, and angled his head onto his shoulder.  It wasn’t a human blanket, but it was the next best thing.
“Promise?” Steve asked, and Tony reached for him, kissed him long and hard, pouring all of his love and passion into it. Steve could feel it coursing through him, passing from Tony to him on his breath.
“Okay.”
“I know you would.  You and me, Stark, we’ve got a lot more in common than I want to admit.”  He looked at the ground, then back at Tony.  “Thank you, though.  For saying that.”
capable--but, it still felt good to have a sleepy, barely-coherent Tony reassuring him. He felt very good about that.
Why would he? It wasn’t exactly like they moved in the same circles. Steve was a soldier. A military-man through and through. He lived on the base ninety-percent of the time, and when he wasn’t there, yelling at recruits for untucked shirts and wrinkled sheets, he was either at his mother’s house or Pietro’s.
ninety seconds is really worth a lifetime of regret,” Nat said.
He opened the mini-bar and took out a tiny bottle of tequila.
They slept then, both slipping away, secure in each other’s arms.  A few hours later, Steve threw the blanket away, huffing in his sleep.  Tony woke up, shaking his head even as he still drowsed.  He didn’t sleep, though, not fully, and when Steve shivered against him thirty minutes later, Tony was there to pull the blanket back up over him.
Morgan smiled, and shook her head. Steve nodded, and held his hand out. “Shake on it?” She giggled, and put her tiny hand into his large one. Steve shook it up and down twice. When he tried to let go, she held on, holding it as tightly as she held Tony’s.
Steve stood up.  “Do you mind if I take a shower?”
A raised eyebrow:
“Because.  Because that’s what I do.  I’m nosy, and I’m pushy, and I’m bossy, and I like to know things that are none of my business.”  He took another step closer, piercing Steve’s personal-space bubble.  “It just so happens, this time I stumbled onto something that is my business.”
Tony laid hold of the handles of the chair and pushed him back into the bathroom.  On the counter, laid out like a doctor’s surgical tray, was a towel, a cup with a brush in it, shaving soap, and a straight razor with a black handle.
But Steve wasn't good. Not right now.  And he didn't know why.
“She’s a heavy sleeper,” Tony said in the same tone he’d used when trying to tempt Steve with lasagna.
-?” He poked him again, and Steve curled in on himself, giggling helplessly. “I am
He didn’t see Sam shake his head again, but he
“My stuff’s still packed.  You can drop me at that place Doctor Strange set up, or I can get a cab or something.”
Plus, I like arguments that end in the kissing.
It was monotonous, patient, not too fast, not too slow, like a metronome. Knock. Knock. Knock. Pause. Knock. Knock. Knock. Pause.
“‘Kay,” Steve said, and held him. Just held him, breathing with him, surrounding him with security, and strength, and...something else.
party. He’d invite whoever he wanted and damn the consequences. And he was having too good a time this afternoon to fight about it.
“Yeah. It was. Is.”
“I understand that.”
Tony smiled.  “You think I should be worried?”
need you. Morgan and me. I’m not going to let you go, baby. I’m never going to let you go again.”
Steve’s eyes bored into hers.  It was another one of those rogues-only non-verbal conversations.  Tony could almost hear it in his head, a familial tussle between them:
. Just Steve. And it was everything. Everything in the world. Everything in the universe. Nothing existed but Steve. Nothing mattered but Steve. He was the sun. The moon. The stars. He was the grass growing on the plains. The sea crashing on a deserted shore. He was everything Tony had ever seen. And everything he had
Josh had moved away from him a bit, but now he cuddled closer again. He was Tony’s height. Thin, lithe, dark hair, green eyes. Very red lips. Very easy to look at. They had met in chemistry class, and Tony had been intrigued by how intelligent he was. How he was always either a point ahead or a point behind Tony when their grades were posted. He’d asked him out for a drink six months ago, and when Josh asked him back to his apartment afterward, Tony had said yes with no qualms. And why not? He and Pepper saw each other a little, but it wasn’t exclusive. Neither one of them were very interested in being exclusive with each other at this point in their lives, and he always carried plenty of condoms, so he was happy to go up to Josh’s room with him. Happy to get on his knees for a while. Happy to roll one of those condoms onto his cock and--even though he usually preferred to be the fuckee instead of the fucker when it came to men--slide into Josh, making him moan out his name.
“What the fuck is
Steve’s face was drawn and uncertain.  He was listening, though, the full force of  his concentration fixed on Tony.  That hadn’t happened very many times over the years they’d known each other.  Usually at least part of his mind was elsewhere.  Tony remembered trying to get his attention, snarking, taunting, doing everything he could think of to get those eyes on him, that laser-focus on him.  When he succeeded, when he had it, it was thrilling.  And terrifying.  It still was.
“May?  I’ve got the car--Tony?”
“See?” Tony said, and the corner of Steve’s mouth lifted in a half-smile.
this part
“Why?  Because I want him out of there?  That makes me a bad person?”
"Hey."
.  And for what?”  Steve shrugged.  “Another grand vision.  No one could fix what Hitler did, but if we can undo what Thanos has done, maybe that’s worth a few lives.”
. That’s a good one. One of those good, sturdy, trustworthy, one-syllable names. I like those.”
Tony was serious. He
“FRI, honey, I’m home.”
“Steve?”
Tony considered.  “That’s true.  Point, Rogers.”
“I’m okay,” he answered.  “You know.  The same.”
, and he kicked himself internally for calling Steve his “friend” again.  Steve wasn’t his friend, not anymore, despite what he’d just said, and that finger through his belt loop said Steve knew it too.  They may not know what to call it, but “friend” just wouldn’t cut it anymore.  At least not here in this house where it was just the two of them alone together.
“It’s Colonel Rhodes, Mr. Stark.”  The tentativeness was gone.  She was relieved.  Purely, painfully relieved.  “That’s nice, isn’t it?” she asked.  “He’s here to see you.”
“No,” Steve said, releasing Tony’s fingers. “No, Tony, I want you.
“I don’t remember the ‘sexy’ part.”
future, his ability as a husband and father--now seemed totally unfounded and a little silly.
Steve laughed, and the knot in his chest finally loosened. “I love you, Tony.”
“Congratulations, sweetheart,” she said, coming up behind him.
Tony sighed.  "Fuck."
“Well. Thanks for the coffee.”
“Oh.”  Unsure.  But unafraid.  There was that.  “Are we going home?”
He stepped over the glass and sat on the bench.  He put his head in his hands and stayed that way for a long time.
Steve caught Sam’s eye and they shared an amused, wordless look over the top of her head.
. Just at the situation in general. I wanted you.”
“A speech to the Chamber of Commerce?”
“Like I said. Give him time.”
Tony shrugged.  “There you go.  Problem solved.”
He shook his head. “No,” he said. “I’m not distracted. I’m...clear. I think. For the first time in a long time. I think I’m clear.”
The kid held the twenty in his palm like it was the Holy Grail.  “Thanks, Iron Man.  Damn.  Thanks.  I was gonna call in sick today.”
Tony listened to Steve’s breath grow deeper, more even. He felt the gentle rise and fall of Steve’s chest against his own. He ran his hand over his neck, his shoulder, his back, mapping him with his hands. He had never in his life been in a situation like this. Usually, it was fuck first, ask questions later...or not at all. He and Steve had never even kissed. And the things they'd just said. Somehow they felt like promises. Tony didn't know if they were the kind that would ever be truly fulfilled, but right now, he didn't care. Right now, all he cared about was the feeling of Steve's arms around him, the feeling of Steve in
Shuri was more than helpful, and Strange, for all his chilly bedside manner, had been like a dream, checking on Steve, running tests, even going so far as to smile and grab Steve’s toes in a gesture of solidarity before leaving for the night.  Tony, grudgingly impressed, shook his hand, and when he and Steve left for good, even pulled him into a rough bro-hug.  When they parted, their eyes locked.  They both nodded in an I’ll-allow-that-because-of-the-situation-but-let’s-never-do-it-again kind of way.  Steve had eyed them both, grimacing at the awkward exchange.  He shook Strange’s hand.  The look on the doctor’s face had been one of friendly relief.
Black flowers bloomed in Tony’s vision as Steve squeezed.  He was lying mostly on top of Tony, his right knee supporting his weight, leaning on his hands, choking the breath out of his lungs, choking the
He waited, biting his lower lip, and finally, Steve’s voice, tired and unsure--
They took Steve's car.  It was a 1966 Ford Mustang convertible, black with a midnight blue interior.  Tony had been very specific about that color. He wanted it to match Steve's eyes.  Not when they were happy, but that dark, deep blue that happened when he was in the throes of passion.  That's what Tony wanted. That's what he got.
. So tall, so broad, his arms strong, his chest a solid mass of muscle. Tony had been with a lot of people, but never someone as overwhelmingly
Steve looked up at him with raw, red eyes.  “I don’t want to go to court, Nick,” he whispered.  “Please don’t make me do that.”
“We didn’t even know Barton then, Steve.”
“That sounds nice.”
“I’ll go shower,” Tony said, “and then, I guess I’ll see you in there.”
, Tony was here, and he was here. Together. But not together, really. Because someone else was here too. Someone currently whispering in Tony’s ear and blatantly palming his crotch through his jeans.
He shook his head. “Nothing,” he said. “It’s nothing. I’m happy. I want this. I want
“I promise, Tony.”
He thought about it for a minute, then nodded toward the empty chair.
were platonic, at least, Bucky keeping tabs and an eye on her when Steve could not and sending him updates via text with a side of
Another six months: Steve
“Hey,” he repeated. “Steve? Honey?”
For a long time, it felt like no one was even listening, and never would. That he would just stand on the precipice of that void forever until he could not cry out any longer. Until his voice grew weak. His body got tired. Sometimes, even though he was little more than a child, he could feel himself starting to stumble toward the edge that was there, and whatever lay beyond it...well, he just hoped it would be a quiet place.
“It’s okay, baby,” he whispered. “Everything’s going to be okay now.”
Steve slid his hands down her arms and clasped her hands again.  He heaved in a breath, then let it out in a shuddery sigh.  “Okay.”
He was a little embarrassed to think of it now sitting here in Ross’ bedroom where his wife lay down her head at night, but he was curious.  And angry, too.
“My god,” Tony breathed, looking at him. He let his own fingers run across Steve’s torso, breath quickening as he touched his chest, his abdominals, the v-cut line above his jeans.
“Sure.”
Tony crawled over him to get to his side of the bed and flopped down beside him. “I’m not going to work,” he said. “I already called in. What kind of example would I be setting if I said one thing then did the exact opposite?”
“And then…?”
what that means.”
“Yeah. I’ll call you.”
“Sure.”
She didn’t look at him. “Hi.”
Steve couldn’t help the tiny smile that surfaced on his lips. “You should go back to bed, instead. You look tired.”
Give me an
He was glad he’d talked about splashing in puddles, because the entire world outside the door was one giant puddle. He kind of wished he’d put on some boots instead of sneakers, but at the same time, he was glad he hadn’t worn anything leather and expensive. He knew he was a little vain, but there was no point in ruining a perfectly good pair of shoes for the sake of fashion. He made sure Morgan was wearing her rain boots though. Classic yellow. Clear umbrella so she could look up at the shape of the raindrops falling all around her. Raincoat with buckles--rose red. Dark locks of hair just peeking out from the hood. He may be biased, but he was sure not only was she the best kid in the universe, she was also the prettiest.
“I don’t know how I was acting on the streets. Nobody stopped me. At least, I don’t think they did.” He laughed bitterly. “
Steve smiled. “I like it,” he said quietly. “It’s pretty.”
"Well, I do."
“Steve.”
“Sorry,” Steve said, smiling to himself.  He wasn’t sorry.  Sometimes he did it on purpose just to have Tony react.  He put his arms around him and held him tight.  Tony melted against him, kissed his chest, then was quiet.
.  Personally.
He kissed him again, smiled in the darkness. “I love you,” he whispered again. Tony didn’t answer, but Steve didn’t need him to. He already knew how Tony felt.
“Me too.”
“Oh,” Tony said.  “Sorry.”
Steve stood up and nodded.  He was ready.  Nerves be damned, he was ready.  He walked over to the two of them and reached for their hands.  Nat and Clint linked their free hands together, and they stood in a circle.  None of them spoke.  They didn’t really need to .  But, Nat squeezed Steve’s hand in a pattern.  He knew this one, too.
, but that just made it better in Tony’s opinion. That just made it feel more like Steve, and that, in Tony’s opinion, was the best feeling in the entire world.
They fell silent, but this was nothing like the silence that had fallen between them earlier. This one crackled with energy. With potential. It was like the silence they had shared so long ago, sitting at a table in a diner, gazing at each other over sodas and declarations not made, but definitely hinted at. Back when they’d been young, fresh, and everything between them was still so new.
Steve tilted his head back against the wall again and drew his knees up.  He clasped his arms loosely around them, and looked at Tony.  “Why are you here?” he asked.
His voice was small. Very small. And Steve felt bad again, but not for himself. Now he felt bad for Tony, and his small voice, and the way his shoulder was quivering slightly against Steve’s, and the pale shade of his skin, and he wished that there was something he could do to make him feel better. Make them both feel better.
“I see you took my advice,” Tony said without turning around.
“Nope. You can take them home.”
He tapped his own finger against his lips and gave him an evil little grin.
“Yeah.”
He could do it.  He’d done seventy years before.  How bad could one be?
will let it go.  The three of you all huddled together, your
“Yeah,” he said, and picked up a crayon. He twirled it between his fingers. “I had some bad dreams, and...and they made it so I didn’t feel good.”
Tony sat down beside him, then raised an eyebrow when he saw Sir Purr curled up against Steve’s thigh.  “Nothing to be sorry about,” he said.  “That place was a mad-house.  Kind of worth it to hear Nick Fury and Thor doing a duet of ‘You Light up my Life’, though.”  Tony reached over Steve and pet the top of Sir Purr’s head.  “I am, however, disappointed that you’re keeping the baby up.”
They went out to dinner after the movie, and he missed it.
“Maybe--oh--just this.  This time.  Is that okay?”
She gave him a look as she began wiping the rest of Baxter’s files clean.  Tony had given her a device specifically for this purpose.  Just in case.
?” Morgan giggled and nodded, her cheeks flushed pretty pink, her lips smiling and red. She really was gorgeous.
“Anytime,” she said. And it sounded as if she really meant it. "Ő egy angyal."
Tony nodded.  “Great.  Now, tell me all about ‘Young Goodman Brown’.”
that Steve exuded. He had his arm around a woman with Steve’s smile--his mother. “You look like him,” Tony said.
And it was.
Steve shrugged.  “Every word I’m saying is true.”
Despite the rain, despite the slick roads, Tony punched the gas pedal to the floor.  The sedate old Bentley groaned, but she sped up, trying to oblige his frantic request.
Steve bent and kissed her waiting mouth, and she held him there for a long moment, cherishing the feeling of this last kiss between them before she gave another piece of her heart irrevocably away.  When she pulled away, her tears had spilled free and dampened her pink cheeks.  He wiped them away with the balls of his thumbs, and she clasped his hands in hers and kissed his knuckles.
Tony laughed at the tinge of panic in her tone.  He’d missed it.  He’d missed her.  So much.  “No, Pep, I’m okay.”
Tony pressed more of those not-kisses onto his chest.  “You kicked me out of your room.”  A little sweep of his tongue against Steve’s neck.  “I can take a hint.”
Steve let out a happy breath.  “Oh.  That’s good.  I’m glad.”  He turned to Sam.  “Remember that cow in Brussels?”
And it was. God. It was so easy.
A flicker of something--disagreement? disapproval?--moved over Steve’s face, then he was still.  “To be fair, I didn’t make it easy to like me,” Tony said, watching Steve closely.  “I did a lot of stupid things.  I hung out with a lot of stupid people.  I thought I was smarter than he was, and I shoved it in his face every chance I got.”  Tony sighed.  “I was a real dick.”
“Jealousy is not a good color on you, soldier.”
“Steve, I’m going to tell you something and I want you to listen because it’s important, okay?”
“All day. And you can think about me a little bit too, okay? Right before bed, maybe? Then that way we won’t miss each other too much. Sound good?”
Tony took a sip of his beer.  He’d been nursing this one for an hour and it was starting to lose some of its appeal.   He’d barely had anything since Malibu, but he kept drinking.  He
She smoothed her finger along his brow.  “Don’t talk like that.  It doesn’t suit you.”
There were a million other things, but Tony knew he had gotten pretty much all he was going to get from him.  “I guess not.”
Yeah. If.
“What’s this?” Tony asked, raising his eyebrows.  “No arguments?  Just ‘okay’?”
Steve got to his feet and they stood looking at each other. Tony eyed him apprehensively, one eyebrow cocked. He looked good--so fucking good. Steve had never seen him in a suit before today, but it looked natural and effortless on Tony’s body, hanging with perfect, impeccable ease. He was wearing glasses too, and Steve’s heart jolted in his chest. He’d never seen that either.
There was a long pause, then Tony’s breath as he sighed. Steve gripped the phone tightly, waiting. “My ex-wife called today,” he said. “It...threw me off a little.”
tiger.
“Okay.”
Steve shook his head again.  “No, Tony,” he said.  “I just...I’m just tired.”
“It was nice.”
. More than anybody else. There’s only one person I’ve ever trusted as much as I trust you, and that’s a huge thing for me.”
He reached into his pocket and pulled it out.  The rain dotted it, but Ross
“Hey.  So, are you?”
Tony cocked an eyebrow.  “I don’t think so.  You must be thinking of a different fight.”
. How he had gotten to this point with Tony in such a short amount of time. Why he affected him so much.
“Logistically, this is actually better,” Strange said.  “This is much more private.”
“Steve-”
“You’ll still be here when I wake up, right?”
, he’d told Nat.  At the time, it had just been something to say, but it was funny how the simplest statements could be the most prophetic.  There was still optimism within him, still kindness and goodness, but that hardness, that darkness, had begun to insinuate itself throughout his being, as well.  He did not know if that made him a better person or a worse one.  After Thanos, he could not bring himself to think of the word “balance”, but sitting here, all alone in a room filled with emotional debris, he would be lying if he said it was not the word that seemed to fit.
Clint squeezed the back of his neck gently.  "For you."
Sudden tears pricked the backs of his eyes, and he put the car into first.  He was only forty-five minutes from home, but that felt like a very long time right now.  He punched the gas, and shifted up through the gears, putting the ‘Cuda through her paces.  He didn’t top her out, but it was close.
“Bye.”
“Sam can play the guitar,” Steve said. “Maybe he can come too.”
Rogers,” Ross began, straightening the little sheaf of papers in front of him.  “You will be confined to your cell 24 hours a day, six days a week.  Once a week, you will be released from your cell for one hour.  You may spend it in the open-air area of the prison.  Once a month, as per Nick Fury's
“Start with ‘hello’ and see where it goes from there.”  She squeezed his hands.  “You’ve carried that torch for a long time, Steve.  Maybe you need to put it down and just try being his friend again.”
And still that shrieking sound. That shrieking sound that was becoming clearer as the ringing in his ears abated. That shrieking that was definitely not a teapot. That was definitely--frighteningly, terrifyingly--human.
Steve sat up straight, pulling away from Tony.  He missed Steve’s warmth and closeness already.  “I mean should we be getting married.”
Steve unlocked the door, and they stepped inside. He tossed the keys into the little bowl they kept by the door, then just stood there. He ran a hand through his hair and heaved a huge sigh. “So?” he said finally, and the suddenness and bite to it made Tony wince. “What the fuck, Tony? What were you thinking? Punching Thad in the mouth? I thought you were kidding when you called me at first. I thought, there's no way
“Baby?  You awake?”
He couldn’t help it. It was startled out of his stomach and rolled along his tongue and out through his mouth. There was humor in it, and relief, but also a tinge of wariness. Of caution. But once again, Howard didn’t seem to notice.
“I did want you to use it.  You have no idea how much.”
,” Steve sighed. “God. Tony, yes,
They went into the living room after dinner. The coffee table was littered with bottles of nail polish and remover--the remains of an afternoon playing nail-salon, Tony informed Steve with a little shrug--and Steve sat down on the couch. Dodger tried to hop up next to him, but Steve gave him a look, and he laid down on the rug next to it instead, closed his eyes, and was asleep in seconds. It was a big couch, a huge sectional, taking up most of the living space, but Morgan settled herself right next to Steve.
Rhodey shook his head, hands on his hips.  “My god, Tony,” he said.  “Get in the house.”
Tony ran his fingers through Steve’s hair again.  “Do you think you can sleep now?”
“Mm,” Strange grunted, then leaned forward over the desk.  “It’s none of my business,” he said, “and part of me is dreading the answer, but my professional curiosity is forcing me to ask.”
“Is that when you cut yourself?”
Sarah’s surgery was set for the next week, and they spent the time before then cramming everything they could into it. Both of them were utterly convinced that everything would be fine, that Sarah would beat this and be fine, but it was a near compulsion for them to spend every second of the week leading up to surgery doing everything Sarah loved, just in case. They went to the movies, and played cards, and went to Coney Island and rode The Cyclone three times. They bought hot dogs from a street vendor and wandered through Central Park. They went to all her favorite little art galleries, and Steve ignored the pang he felt in his heart as she exclaimed over the paintings and compared them to his own in a way only a mother could.
He left.
Steve let out a shuddery breath. “Hold my hand?
“Better?”
Tony jumped into the ‘Cuda, keyed the engine, and sped toward home.  He was supposed to bring pizza, but this was a small town and it was a Tuesday night.  Even the most die-hard place closed at ten.  He felt bad, but he was sure it would be fine.  Steve would understand.
Steve shook his head, and beckoned him onward.
Steve sighed again.  It was a good sound.  Relieved.  Calm.  “Yeah.”
Tony smoothed his hands over his thighs, kneaded the muscles there, then maneuvered his way down the bed so he could touch Steve’s calves, reassuring himself they were there and whole. When he got to his feet, he glanced back up into his eyes. “You’re still wearing boots,” he said.
“Oh yeah?” Steve said.  “What about it?”
“Will you lie here with me for a while first?” He kissed him again. “Please? Just for a little while?”
Instead, he fixed Steve with his eyes.  “I’m working on something, baby,” he said.  “I am going to get you out of here.  Get you home.  Okay?”
Thanks for reading! Love you guys!!
“Quite a place you have here, Stark.”
Steve snaked his arm around Tony’s waist, pulling him against him, Tony’s back to Steve’s hard chest. He sunk his teeth gently into Tony’s shoulder. “That’s what I’ve been saying all along.”
Steve closed the door to the second bedroom where his work station was set up, then went to the door and looked out the peephole. Not that he needed to. He’d known who it would be. He ran a hand through his hair again. It was wet, but this time it was from the shower and not sweat, and it felt smooth and silky between his fingers. He took a breath, and opened the door.
“I know what it means.”
“I should have called you,” he said quietly.
“I’m glad,” Tony murmured, and ran his hand from Steve’s waist, up his back, to his neck, and caressed it with his thumb. Steve closed his eyes and clasped his own arms around the one Tony still had wrapped around his waist. They stood there like that, holding each other, and Tony was struck with the certainty that it should just be now. It was going to happen right now.
of them, anyway.
Sam shook his head. “‘Not really serious’, huh?” he asked. “You do know you’re not the only one who talks to Tony, right?”
“Alright, alright,” he said, flapping a hand at her.  “Don’t say I didn’t try.”
Then Bucky fell.
“What time are they getting here?”
Tony’s scowl turned nervous. “Aren’t you?”
“And fuck the consequences.”
Steve followed Tony’s gaze, then squatted down and ruffled Dodger’s fur. “Go get Morgan, buddy, ‘kay?” he said. “Just for a second?”
He passed the kitchen without a glance.  There were voices coming from inside, but he walked on.  He’d been avoiding the room, eating all his meals out.  It was expensive, but he did it.  Twice, at places that knew him, he charged the food to Tony’s account.  It had given him a small, mean pleasure to do that.  It was Tony’s fault he had to eat out anyway, he might as well pay for it.
Steve flinched, squeezing his eyes shut, as the lights came on.  The bullet struck home in his upper arm.  His grip loosened on the razor, but he didn’t drop it.  Tony rolled instinctively in front of Steve, then jumped to his feet, shielding him from another bullet.
He stepped lightly toward the door, moving silently on his bare feet. He wasn’t afraid, but he was careful. He was a New York boy, careful had been bred into his bones, and looked through the peephole with one eye closed.
“The fucking
“Yay us.”
Steve closed his eyes. He wondered how Tony felt about that. It broke his heart to think of it. It broke his heart for both of them. All three of them, Morgan’s mother included. “Do you still have bad dreams?” he asked.
loved the sex--but what he loved even more was just the being close to Steve part. The parts before and after the increasingly better blowjobs, or the tentative but adventurous fingers or tongue against his backside, were just as good. Just as sexy. Just as romantic. Just as essential as breathing.
He went to the lab when he got home. Steve was working and wouldn’t be home until the wee hours. Everyone else was gone too. Even Clint, who had become the near-constant snarky devil on his shoulder lately, was nowhere to be found. It was okay. There was always something down in the lab he could work on to pass the time, and he headed down there without even going up to the penthouse first.
“Would have been nicer if you were here.”
Had he ever thought he’d been happy before?  His time with Peggy had been too short.  They’d never had the time to just be quiet together.  Their every moment had been filled with worry, fear, and blood.  It had brought them together in a way simple moments might not have done, and their love had burned brighter because of it, but he could not remember having a moment of quiet peace with her.  He ached for that loss even now while he sat here with Tony’s arm around him, but instead of turning this time into something bittersweet, it made it even better.  Steve thanked her for that in his heart.  He thanked her for being the one to show him what true love could be.  He would carry that with him for however long he had left in this life.  He would carry her face and her heart and her sweet love with him forever.  But maybe now, he would not have to carry her picture as much.  Maybe now, the person whose favor he would wear riding into battle was sitting here beside him.
“Good,” Tony said, but instead of letting him go, he held him tighter, and even though he was going to be late, and Mr. Stark was coming to see him at nine, and he had a lot of stuff he had to get done before tomorrow, Steve stayed where he was, letting Tony hold onto him, kissed the side of his neck.
Steve nodded.  Asgard, he thought, would be very lucky to have Thor sit as their king.  He felt lucky to be able to sit here with him now.  “Thanks,” he said.
Steve closed his eyes, his breath coming in long, languid pulls.  “See that you don’t.”
“Y’think?”
“Nothing,” Steve scoffed.  “It was just a misunderstanding.  It’s fine.  I’m fine.  How are you?”
“Alright.”
light. Almost helium-balloon light. That was part of the reason he kept such a tight grip on Steve’s arm. He was afraid if he didn’t, he would float away. Just float away.
Tony found beds for all of them, blow-up mattresses, sleeping bags.  Peter had helped the Bartons build a giant pillow-fort and all of them, Peter, Clint, and Laura included, ended up sleeping inside it, a tangle of arms and legs and good-natured grousing about this one stealing the covers and that one’s cold feet.
“Go from looking like you were drowning to looking so normal in just a second. Like you’d flipped a switch. And I was jealous of you. That you could do that.” Tony felt a hand creep into his, and he held it tight. “And I was kind of
Tony twined his fingers of one hand with Steve’s, but lifted the other and rubbed his temples. “Oh, don’t say that, Steve. That kid was so fucked up.”
“Yeah.  Pulsing.  Flashing on and off.”  He rubbed his face, then tried to smile.  “It doesn’t matter, Tony.  I’m in here.  This is where they want me.  I think...this is where they’ve always wanted me.  Once I did what they needed me to do.”  He laughed a little.  It wasn’t hard or cynical.  It was just laughter.  “I’ve been put out to pasture.  You know?  I guess I’m lucky they didn’t just shoot me.  Or...you know...put me back.  In the ice.”  His face started to crack, the veneer of happiness he’d tried to put on for Tony’s benefit, slowly crumbling.  “I thought that was what they’d do.  Maybe it still is.  Maybe-maybe that’s the-the endgame.”
"You weren't supposed to know I was in there."
Tony pressed against him and kissed him on the mouth, “Is there anything else I need to know?”
Love you all! Thank you for the comments. I know this is a hard go, and thank you for continuing on!
“We should go inside,” Steve said.  “It’s cold.”
This wasn’t kisses and teasing and cuddling. It was just a quick fuck. That’s all. It was just another form of intoxication. Just another way to forget. Just something to take his mind off of Bucky and Jonathon. And so what if it felt wrong? The drinking felt wrong too, but he still did
Thanks for reading! I love you all!
“I know,” Steve said, and wrapped Tony up in his arms, holding him. “I know how long it’s been. But.”
“I’m okay,” Steve said. “I just...I want you to know that it’s been a long time for me. I haven't… Even just this. Just being
Tony dreaded the answer.  Because he already knew what it was.  He’d seen those rooms before.  Seen those cots set into the wall.  There were no bars, just clear panels of vibranium-reinforced glass that was completely and utterly shatterproof.  That had been Ross’ doing.  After the Steve Rogers-led mass break-out and subsequent global man-hunt for a small band of rogues, Ross had replaced and reinforced all the security.  If it had been formidable before Steve, after him, The Raft prison had become an impenetrable fortress that no one dared to try and breach.
“You can’t run away from this forever, Steve,” Tony snapped.
(See the end of the chapter for
-pedal, I guess, but, yeah.”
Tony hugged back, amused and proud.  He let happiness burst in his chest for a moment, then pulled the kid off him and held him at arms’ length.
“I’m not hungry.”
“Sorry I got mad at you,” Tony said, his voice hushed. “I didn’t mean to.”
eight.  And Steve knew he wouldn't even get that long.  He knew how he was feeling. He could feel the weakness creeping in.  The ache in his knee--and now his hands too--he used to get only on cold mornings, was now a low constant.  He could see a new line on his face occasionally. A new gray hair.
Howard Stark, though, is he?” he asked. “Not the Stark Industries, Howard Stark?”
“Mmmphblumph!”
he? But he was too tired. His heart too sore. “You’re unbelievable, do you know that?” he asked. “This whole ‘dear-old-dad’ routine you’ve got going on here? It’s bullshit. Right? Why would you think I’d be at all interested in that? Carol’s a secret softie, but Rhodey’s the one who’s got it right here, Howard. We’ve got nothing to say to each other. You should just go. Okay? Just go.”
Steve stood up straight. Ran a hand through his hair. “I gotta go, but I’ll see you tonight, okay? And we can talk about it?”
Steve ran his hand through his hair again. Over his cheek.
signals. You probably told me to back off a hundred times, and I just didn’t get-”
you dress up for me, I’m taking thousands. Literally thousands. I’m gonna have Jarvis clear out data-banks for all the pictures I’m going to take.”
be any consequences.  Tony thought part of him thought he deserved the imprisonment he’d suffered.  Tony also thought that was bullshit, but he didn’t tell Steve that.
He looked at his watch.  12:58.
They got up around ten. Steve started coffee and Tony fed the cat, picking him up and cooing to him for a while. Steve rolled his eyes.
Jack sighed, but he must have been satisfied with whatever he saw in Steve’s eyes, because he smiled at him again, letting that dimple out. “Okay,” he said finally, and ran his hand up Steve’s arm. “Let’s go.”
“I don’t care what they think,” Steve said.  “I just want to make sure you know.”
“I guess.”
“She’ll be okay,” Steve said. “New York’s not such a bad place. And she’s got you guys, so…”
“We’re not giving up, James, but look at him.  We could kill him just moving him to the bottom of the hill.”
“Oh.  Yeah.  Fuck.  Yeah, it’s in the car.”
Took a few liberties with Peter's graduation and stuff.  Oh well, I've been taking liberties since this whole thing started!
“Fine.”
“This isn’t for
“Always with the wit.”
Rhodey landed in front of him a moment later.  Nothing flashy about that landing, not like Tony’s.  His suit pulled itself away and turned into a carrying case.
Tony stood up fast, his knees popping.  The backs of his legs hit the vanity and he sat down, catching himself with his hand.  It was a reflex.  Only that, just a reflex, but the anger fell out of Steve’s face with an almost audible clap.  Cold misery took its place.
So, yeah, Steve had talked.  But, he
Tony sighed. He knew enough about Howard to know it wasn’t going to be that easy. There were a lot of hurt feelings still.
Tony stopped with the flame still an inch away from the nearest wick.  “You what?”
“Really. I probably won’t...talk, ’cause it’s still hard for me to do that. Even in the closed meetings, it’s still hard for me. I’ve had a lot of ups and downs with this. More than I like to admit to. I’m getting better, but it’s still hard for me.” Tony put his hand on the back of Steve’s neck. His cool, soothing hand. “So, yeah. I might not talk, but I’d love it if you went with me. I’d love having you on my side.”
Tony ran a hand through his hair.  “They were loud.  At clubs or parties.  A lot of drinking.  A lot of drugs.  A lot of sex.”  He shrugged.  “It was the eighties and I was rich.  A lot of people wanted to fuck their way through me.  And I wanted them to.  That was pretty much my life back then.”
“Dodger-”
So thinking, he got out of bed and went to find Steve.
Steve tucked the sheet into the couch cushions and laid the blanket over the top, creating a little nest. Dodger sniffed around with interest. Steve laughed and gave him a pat on the head. “Not for you, buddy,” he said. “You’ve got your own bed.”
brains?” Tony mused.  “How’d I get so lucky?”
He reached out and grasped Tony’s hand. “I’ll miss you, Tony,” he said.
“That’s good.  I’m happy for you.  You deserve someone nice.”
“Among other things.”
“No. He’s been fully vetted. There is no indication whatsoever that he’s involved in Stane’s business. He’s exactly what he appears to be--an orphaned kid who is staying with his godfather until he goes away to school in the fall.”
“And how do I think?”
“I almost hate to move her,” he said quietly. “She looks too comfy.”
“After everything.”
“Yes. At Stark Industries. I think you’d be a valuable addition.”
She sighed.  “And who’s taking care of you during all this?”
“I love you too, Daddy.”
“Come on, baby. He’s my father. I mean, he’s a dick, but he’s not unreasonable.”
And Steve could hear the under-current of Fury’s tone. Heard it and understood it--
This was better.
Steve smiled his little half-smile.  “He’s not so bad, I guess.”
She put her hand on his cheek, her eyes serious. “He’s in the bathroom,” she began, then overrode Tony when he opened his mouth to speak. “No, don’t worry. There’s nothing in there that can hurt him. He’s not in that mind-set, alright? But even if he was, Sam took his razors and all his medications out of the medicine cabinet. Dodger’s with him, and the door isn’t locked. He just wanted to be alone, and he likes that enclosed space sometimes. It seems to make his mind easier.”
Tony paddled his feet, maybe even helping a little, as Rhodey maneuvered him back through the door.
Bruce came over and looked, adjusting his glasses.  He studied it for a long moment.  “What is that?” he asked, squinting at it even more closely.
Steve winced and rubbed his temples.  “Could you
“That’s okay,” Tony said, and pet the back of his neck. “You don’t have to. That’s okay. Everything’s okay.”
bed now. And how right that felt to him. How right the whole place felt to him now. Like home. How it finally felt like home. Now that Steve was in it. Now that they were in it together.
So, he ran some laps then took a long shower, letting the water run until it turned cold.  He stood under the spray for a few minutes after that.  He stood there until he began to tremble, not just from the cold, but from the fear, the panic locking his lungs.  It was penance.  It was retribution.  It was necessary.
he thought distractedly, but was also glad for the momentary illumination.  There were no lights on in the house.  It was a dark hull.  The irony was, they had a generator all gassed up and ready to go.  But it was outside in the garage.  Even if he’d still been in the chair, Tony didn’t think Steve could have made it out there.  The dooryard was a quagmire of mud and swamp.  He’d be lucky to get two feet in that slop, let alone the twenty to the garage.
“Nope,” Tony said, and pulled Steve forward until he stood between Tony’s parted knees. Water sloshed up over Tony’s calves as he tightened his knees against Steve’s hips. “Not even one time.”
“That’s bullshit.  Self-indulgent bullshit.”
Steve let out a breath and Tony narrowed his eyes.
“He’s here.  He’s assisting with medical.”
“Try,” Tony coaxed gently.
was when Steve was around.
“I’m not being like anything.  I’m just asking a question.”
“Well, you don’t have to miss me anymore,” Tony said.
“But nothing. No. Stop talking.”
“I didn’t want to hear that he was in Tahiti with some model from Italian
“Stark.”
He didn’t. Not really. He knew Tony was infatuated with him. That was obvious, and while Steve loved that, loved the attention and care that it brought with it, he didn’t
“It’s not a ‘but’ moment.  It’s an ‘and’ moment, because Bucky’s going to be one of those people.  And so is Pepper.”  Steve stopped, waiting for Tony to say something.  When he didn’t, Steve went on.  “And that’s going to make things--this--more complicated.”  Steve looked at the blank slate of Tony’s face and nodded.  “Right.  Unless I’m reading more into it than there is.  I do that.  You know I do that.”
“I headed up to the checkout counter,” Steve said, and he frowned, three worry-lines appearing between his brows. “I was thinking about...stuff. After-the-party stuff.” His hand tightened on Tony’s with a sudden, fierce strength. “And from a couple aisles over, I heard this kid.”
he thought.
He felt her kiss his cheek, felt her smooth hand on his back, holding him to her, and he soaked it in. Soaked in all the love and softness she was giving him. He knew this was about Steve, and not about himself, but it had been a long time--like Sam had said,
“Yours.  Pepper sent it.”
One time, he didn’t do it.  After a particularly quiet day, Tony decided to just let the pig-headed bastard freeze.  An hour before dawn, Steve shrieked in his sleep, shivering, tears on his face.  Tony leapt to his feet and shook his shoulder.  “Steve?” he’d said, afraid himself.  “Wake up, baby.  Wake up.”
“I remember.”
“Thanks, FRI.”
“I’ll just go get a towel,” Steve said, and returned his kiss, soft and slow. “I’ll be right back, okay? Don’t move.”
“Making friends?”
Steve nodded, relaxing. He thought about that other time Howard had come to see him. That other time they’d spoken about Tony and his future at Stark Industries.
(See the end of the chapter for
“I thought you might like that,” Tony said, and beared down on Steve’s shoulder with his teeth. He was still wearing his shirt and the serum was extremely good at its job, but Steve loved the idea of Tony’s teeth leaving an impression on him, even if it only lasted a second or two. “But I don’t think that’s what I want tonight.”
“I would,” Tony said. “But I really don’t think I can move.”
“That sounds nice.”
th degree’. Wasn’t that what you said, Tony?”
“Do you have a problem, General?” Steve asked.
“Y-” Tony said, then stopped. His face fell.
Tony forced his head up enough to press his lips to Steve’s neck, his chin, his cheek, his lips, finally his lips, small, soothing little kisses that were almost more for himself than Steve.
“Maybe a little.”
“I know.”
“Rogers. Language.”
Tony narrowed his eyes. “Wait, what-” he began, then stopped. Morgan was skipping toward them, Dodger nipping playfully at her heels. She skidded to a stop next to Tony and grasped his hand, giving it a happy tug. Dodger moved to Steve’s side. He sat down and gazed up at him, tongue hanging out of the side of his mouth. He was still grinning. Steve put his hand on his head.
Tony felt a mixed-bag of emotions for those that he saw, especially the loners.  Sadness because they were alone, but also a breed of jealousy because at least they
Tony slid his hand down Steve’s body and then hooked his finger into his belt loop. “I know it’s private,” he said haltingly, not looking Steve in the eye, “but, if you ever want me to go with you…” he shrugged. “Howard said they had open meetings sometimes.”
“A misunderstanding?  Between you and what?  A fucking Mack truck?  What. Happened?”
. And that was true. Time went by so fast. Even though days like today seemed to last forever, time went by so fucking
He never thought he’d see him again. That was the thing.
“She could have anybody,” Bucky told Steve as they sat playing checkers in Bucky’s hospital bed. “Why would she want...this?” He flicked a hand at his missing arm. He was bruised, his skin healing from the burns, but he still managed a lopsided smile.
it was going to be. How soothing. How it was precisely what he needed. Oh, and he could
That helped, too. As much as he didn’t want to admit it.
Tony put a hand to his chest. “Damn. Cutting,
Tony shook his head.  “Not this time,” he said.  “This time it’s anything you want.”
And, maybe they were soul mates, after all, because Steve was thinking the exact same thing.
“And Tony’s,” she said, pulling back and wiping her cheeks with her hands. “Because I prayed for his happiness too. And it’s certainly not Father Callahan’s business--or anyone else’s for that matter--if I prayed for you to find it
“Stop,” Tony sighed harshly.  “Just stop talking.  Of course, I’m not going to say no.”
But he knew. He could see. He’d have to be blind not to see.
I'm the worst. My life just keeps making it hard to get any writing done, so here's one of my not-so-famous half-chapters. The (actual) last half-chapter will hopefully be up this weekend. I'm writing it now, and I know exactly what's going to happen, I just need to get it done! Thanks for reading and being patient!
Tony kissed his chest again. “I wanted you too, baby.”
Tony glared at him.  "Aren't you even going to kiss it better?"
Tony drew in a deep breath. “I loved you so much back then. I didn’t think it was possible for me to love you any more than I did then.”
Steve grabbed his hand and pinned it to the bed above his head.  In an instant, his other hand joined it.  Steve clasped them both in one of his fists and held them against the mattress.
Tony started back toward the kitchen, just assuming Steve would follow. He was right. “The best things come to those who wait,” he said over his shoulder.
“Tony, stop,” Steve said. “Please? I don’t want you to be mellow. I like that you’re a lot. I don't want you to change.”
“Steve.” Both Steve and Tony looked to the doorway. Sam was standing there. He was wearing a suit too. “We gotta go. We’re going to be late.”
have let it happen.
Steve pulled him roughly into his arms. He held him bone-crushingly tight, his mouth pressed into Tony’s neck, clutching him as tightly to him as he could. “No, Tony,” he rasped. “No, that’s never going to happen again. Never. Wherever I am, wherever they send me, I’ll walk home to you, if I have to. I’ll crawl. Nothing will ever keep me away from you again, okay? Nothing
“I don’t know,” Steve said. “Probably not too long, though.”
He’d taken a walk down to the dock with Bruce, giving the three former rogues some time to themselves, and when they came back, twenty minutes later, Steve had grinned up at him and taken his hand.
Tony had never been here before. He let his eyes roam the room for a moment, noticing the guitar in the corner, the stereo, the tv--both silent and dark--a couple houseplants on the windowsill. The kitchen was off the living room. The bedroom in the corner. It was plain and boring. No real life here, but that didn’t mean there would never
’.  Christ.”
“I thought you left,” he said as he came up beside Steve.
was all Steve sent back, and Tony spent the next half hour trying to decipher the meaning of that. Whether Steve was laughing at him, or with him. He hoped it was with him.
"Yes, you did."
Steve shook, his hands curled into tight fists, his breath sobbed in and out of his mouth.
“Getting comfortable,” Tony replied.
to bed in the first place, and made his slow, careful, old-man way into the living room where the bar was.  There was a bottle of Wild Turkey in there, just a-calling his name.
Steve nodded slowly, thoughtfully. “I guess that’s true,” he murmured. “How long do you stay in? To get the tuition thing?”
She shook her head.  “He said no,” she said as if that said it all.  As if there was to be no argument about it.
One more chapter in this story to go.  I will probably post in the next couple days.
So, Steve went with him and once there, lost in the crowd, the good warm heat of the sun beating down, the smell of peanuts and beer in his nose, the crack of rawhide against ash, the press of Tony’s shoulder against his, all of the anxiety fell away and he found himself cheering and yelling just like before.  Even Tony looked up from his phone from time to time, and if Steve felt him watching him more than the game, well, what of it?
“Sam-”
He stopped talking and slumped against the door. Tony followed him, keeping his hold on his waist, not lifting his head from Steve’s chest. Steve raised one hand tentatively and put it on Tony’s hip. “Okay,” he breathed, as if admitting a great sin. “That’s a lie. I haven’t tried. I haven’t tried at all.”
They lapsed into a comfortable silence, Tony sliding his hand through Steve’s hair, Steve stroking Tony’s back, both thinking they had gotten the better end of the deal.  Sleep was finally coming closer, finally ready to take him for the night.  Before it could, he opened his eyes.  Steve had stilled beside him, but he had to say this.
“Saved ya,” Tony murmured into Steve’s back. He didn’t let go. He kept his arms around him, kept his cheek against Steve’s faded denim jacket.
“Update me, FRI,” he said, but there was no answer.  Just the rain.
, but it was hard. Way too hard. “Sorry,” he said. “I was in the shower.”
“You’re killing me with your angst right now, you know that?”
“We were talking about Christmas yesterday,” he said.  “He couldn’t remember how they used to celebrate it.”  He looked at Sam a trifle defensively.  “But it was ninety years ago!  He’s
“I know.”  Tony said, restlessly running his hands over Steve’s arms, his shoulders, his neck, his face.  “And I’m sorry.  I’m so sorry for that.  Everything was fucked up and I just lost it.  I went crazy.”  Steve let out a breath, and Tony pressed against him.  “And that’s not your fault, and it’s not a reason.  I know.  But, baby, I’m sorry.  I’m sorry.”  He clutched Steve’s cheek, trying to pull him down, trying to get Steve’s eyes on him.  “Please.  Please just…just forgive me.  You don’t have to be with me, if that’s not what you want, but please just forgive me.  Just tell me that it’s okay.”
“Are you okay?” he asked. “You look a little...tired. You slept, didn’t you?”
“Daddy?” Morgan said, climbing up onto the couch and curling herself up against his chest.
Steve heaved in a breath, like someone getting ready to lift a heavy burden.  “What do I do, Nat?” he asked.  “Last time I saw him, I…”
We are so close to the end now! Thank you for reading. LOVE YOU ALL!
"What do you want to read next?" Tony asked.
He raised his hand now, and knocked on Tony’s door. Dodger was at his side, sitting on his haunches, tongue lolling out the side of his mouth. He’d thought about leaving him with his mom, but he decided to bring him instead. If they were going to be in each other’s lives, Tony would have to get used to Dodger sometime, and there was no time like the present.
Steve sniffed back tears.  He was hardly the only person crying in the room, but to Tony’s eye, he looked the most miserable.  And he came by it honestly.  What had these other tearful soldiers done?  Gotten drunk on duty?  Beat somebody up?  Ran from their post in the middle of the night?  Steve had saved the world.  But here he still was.  Locked up behind the same bars as these petty thieves and unlucky gamblers.  It wasn’t fair.  It wasn’t right and it wasn’t fair.  For a moment, Tony wished Thaddeus Ross was here.  Tony would punch him in the face himself.  Or put
Steve laughed and slid down the headboard until he was lying on the pillow.  It was exactly what Tony had hoped for.  He’d wanted Steve to relax, and now here he was, smiling and mellow.  All Tony had to do was tell a stupid joke, and he was putty.  There was a very potent power in that, Tony thought.  They say it’s music that soothes the savage beast, and while Steve was neither savage, nor a beast, he could be soothed.  Although, in his case, it was humor, not music that did it.  Tony loved that.  Loved that he could do that.  Loved that Steve let him do that.
Tony had received the call that morning.  He’d been at the supermarket.  Steve usually went, but he had a test.  American Literature.  He’d studied.  God, he’d studied so hard.  Author’s names, dates, themes, short answers, paragraph answers, essay portion.  He was worried.  He wanted to do well.  He wanted so much to do well.  He’d started chewing his thumbnails again.
“I promise.  I promise.  It’s you and me.  Forever, right?”
Tony was shaking his head, a stubborn, pained look printed on his features. “No,” he said. “No, baby, it wouldn’t be like that. I
Steve didn’t know. Didn’t care. He
Howard left and Steve went back to work, but he didn’t think about what he was doing. He didn’t have to. He just let his body do what it needed to while his brain ran over the situation. And no matter what point it brought up--Mr. Stark, the company, the art itself--what it was really thinking about was Tony. What he would think about this. If he’d like it. If it would make him proud.
“Don’t be such a grumpy old man.”
love you. And yeah, that’s what I’d be saying, because it’d be true. I love you now, and I’ll love you then.”
Tony shrugged, clearly pleased with himself.
“No, Steve.”
Tony stuck his hands in his back pockets. “I don’t know if I’m ready.”
Tony groaned extravagantly. “Jee-
“Don’t worry,” Bruce muttered.  “I know what I'm doing.  I’ll reroute the ISP and corrupt enough of their files so even if they look, they’ll never know it came from here.”
“It’s nice to hear your voice again, Captain.”
Steve looked around the lab.  “Then we’re really screwed.”
Steve fell back a step.  He forgot about respect.  He forgot about waiting.  He even forgot about that damn cobb salad.  “What?” he said, and Hunt, who seemed like a rather pleasant guy, actually laughed.
“Boss?  Boss, can you hear me?”
“Have you tried talking to him?” Tony asked.  “Or petting him?”
“That’s not the same thing,” he insisted.
Tony picked it up and took a sip. Sweet and creamy, just the way he liked it. “Mmm,” he hummed. “You’ve got the magic touch, Rogers. Coffee always tastes better when you make it.”
Between the two of them, Tony was the better cook.  Steve knew it.
“I hope not.”
Steve looked up at him with shining eyes.  "Really?"
Tony would have just used a blow-torch. But he wasn’t in charge of this part.
Tony called Steve at work and asked if he wanted to come for dinner that night.
you want to do, Mr. Rogers?”
“Just a sec.”
“Good.” He kissed Tony one more time. Just a small one. Just enough. Just perfect. “Valentine’s Day always seemed like it was for people who have something to make up for,” he said. “And you and me?” Steve shrugged. “I don’t really think we have anything to make up for. It’s always here. It’s always right here.”
“Sure.”
Finally, after a short eternity, Tony looked at Josh. “Hi, honey.”
“I’m here, Captain.”
"I used to go for a lot of walks."
He sat in his chair and called Steve.  It went to voicemail.  “Steve.  I need you to call me.  It’s eight o’clock.  I’m scared.  This is scary.  Please call me.”
“Actually, I think I’m talking about
“Can I get a raincheck?” he asked, and Steve shrugged, the pout intensifying. If he hadn’t promised Pepper, Tony knew he would have definitely blown all his meetings off. Just to make Steve happy. “Come on,” he coaxed instead. “It really does sound like fun. I’d love to go with you next time.”
Steve laughed nervously. “I think I’d be afraid of getting lost.”
Steve shifted a little as Tony slid down the headboard next to him.  Shifted more when Tony nudged him awake enough to open his arms and let Tony in.
“Does it bother you?”
She shrugged shyly.  “I like Thai food.”
“Cross your heart?”
“I’ll get better, okay?” Steve said, then stopped, a tight frown creasing his brow. “I mean, if you want me to…?”
Tony slid out of the booth and stood up. He took some money out of his wallet and tossed it onto the table. “Come on,” he said, trying to hide the fact that even though Steve seemed ready to part again, he wasn’t. Not yet. He needed a little more time. He needed another few minutes. A few more hours, if he could get them. He couldn’t have the days, the months, the years, the decades he wanted so badly, but if he could have a few more minutes, he’d take them. He’d take all he could get. “I’ll drive you home.”
He checked his phone as he left the cafe. Tony had given it to him for his birthday last week. It was funny how quickly he’d gotten used to carrying it. How much he enjoyed checking it for messages. Because there usually was one. One from Tony or his mom, something funny or sweet, or just a check-in. Sometimes there were only a couple of punctuation marks making a face. :) or sometimes :( depending on Tony’s mood that day. Sometimes when he opened a text, it just said “I love you, baby”. Those were his favorites. He didn’t always answer the others, but he always answered those. “I love you too, Tony”.
“What’s going on?  Where is he?  What’s happening?”
“You need to get him some help,” Rhodey said levelly.  “And that help can’t be you.  You can be there for him, but you can’t be his shrink.  That’s not the way it works, Tony.”
So, Steve stayed. He knelt there for a long time, Thad’s cock in his mouth, trying hard to think about nothing but keeping Thad happy. He wanted him to be happy.
Then Steve was on his feet, grasping Pietro’s shoulders, telling him, of course, I want you in it, of course, I do, you’re all I want, you’re the most important thing to me, I'll do anything, anything, and then kissing him, kissing him to try and show him that he was telling the truth, that everything he said was real, and not just something he
“You’d better believe it.”
“Welllll,” Tony drawled, cocking a brow at Sam, “you know,
Tony ran his nails over Steve’s sides. Kissed his chin. “I’ll love you forever.”
Tony’s hand moved out of his hair, trailing soft fingertips along the smooth cords of his neck until he could cup Steve’s cheek. He looked into his eyes. That gorgeous bourbon-brown that Steve had thought about, dreamed about, wrote badly-worded odes to in his heart for months, and when Tony kissed his lips, the static in his head began to clear. The tornado began to quiet.
“Dodger could sleep in here too,” she suggested, and Tony laughed.
They went in to bed later, after the storm had passed, and lay fully entwined, pressed together from shoulder to ankle, arms tight around each other.  They woke up the same way, and Tony called Pepper and told her he wasn't going to London. Somebody else would have to go.
Steve tucked his head into the crook of Tony’s neck so he could feel him nod. He wrapped his arms around him and held on like his life depended on it. Like Tony was the most important thing in the world to him. Because he was.
“Yup. And it’s magical.”
“I--and correct me if I’m wrong, because god knows I’ve been wrong before when it comes to you--but I get the impression you don’t like it much," Tony said. "It
-pissed. And you’d better be careful, or I’m gonna tell on you.”
“Yeah.”
Bruce shook his head, blushing a little.  Natasha kissed him again.  “No arguments here.”
“That’s five million dollars, Steve.”
Undeterred, Tony came into the kitchen.  Steve was still at the stove and Tony crowded up against the back of the chair.  He leaned over him, pressing against his shoulder.  “Let me know if you get any ideas, ‘kay?” he said against Steve’s ear.  “We don’t want you starting any fires you can’t put out.”
Tony began to feel a little desperate.  Steve wasn’t saying anything.  Wasn’t speaking or making any sound at all.  He was just looking, alternating between the three of them.  And his face was blank.  Completely and utterly.  He’d always been able to do that.  Just close his countenance off so no one could tell what he was thinking.  Tony had been infuriated by it before.   Now, he was just worried.
“Yeah.”
made this decision. I did it on my own. Without even asking you. It was my mistake. I’m not going to let you pay for it.”
Steve went to the window and looked out.  All of New York City lay at his feet.  When he was a kid, he’d never been this high up.  He’d been on the streets, in the alleys, down in the thick of it all.  He barely even saw the tall buildings and never thought about going up into one of them.  Standing here now, it felt different.  There was a beauty he hadn’t seen before, back when he was on the ground.  Maybe nothing was as beautiful when your feet were on the ground.  Or maybe now he just had more to lose.
Tony trusted her.  She knew Steve’s body as well as he did.  Maybe better.
“‘Kay.”
Because summer just screams for a silly love story, doesn't it?
And then the kid smiled. And that was bad. Bad because it was so good. Something that Steve was afraid he would think about way more often than was healthy for him--or for anyone--and he tried to look away. Tried to think about something else. Work. He had work to do. This was a
Nat had taken the guard’s key-ring, and now she used his key-card to open Steve’s door.  She beckoned them inside and then closed the door behind them.
When they got to the bed, Tony pressed on Steve’s shoulder until he was sitting on the foot of it. His hands immediately lifted to unbuckle Tony’s belt, but Tony moved them away. “No,” he said quietly. “Not yet.”
“You sure?”
they got. And he loved that part too. But this? This sitting around, unhurried, relaxing on a sofa in a darkened, quiet room, just talking? Talking and making plans, touching each other, teasing each other? No. They hadn’t gotten much of that. And when they had, there had still been a dark cloud hanging over it. A dark cloud that said they’d better enjoy it while it lasted, because, really, it
Tony launched into a story about Sam daring him to duck under the barrier around the T-Rex, and Steve fell asleep to the soothing sound of his voice in his ears, his last thought being how content he was. How happy to have Tony here, in his arms, in his bed, in his life.
“About that. Why the
“You’re going to have to stop moving if we want this to work,” Tony said in a low voice.
But he played the part for her sake, for her parents’ sake.  They were nice too, if slightly stodgy, and Tony did his best to be kind to them in turn.  He’d let her down easy in a week or two.  She was young, pretty, vivacious, by Valentine’s Day, she’d have a new guy to go dancing with.  Maybe the new one would be able to keep up with her a little better.
say?  What’s the Tony-Stark-Approved way of asking?”
“So, finally, I told her to open the door just to shut her up.  But I ignored you.  I wasn’t mad at you, I just wanted to see how long you’d stand there with those goddamn puppy-dog eyes before you said anything.”
One year in prison.  One year alone.  One year without seeing anyone he loved.  One year with only Thaddeus Ross and two guards for company.  At least he’d have Doctor Strange once a month.
Tony hooked his ankles around Steve’s waist. “Yeah,” he said, pulling him closer, fingers rough on his back. “Well, I’m not.”
Tony curled up next to him, put his head on his shoulder. “I’ve already got everything I want.”
Tony tugged his hair a little.  “Where have you been?  Huh?”
want you to?”
“Boo.”
“Really, Tony?  You just can’t help yourself, can you?”
It lay in Tony’s arms, green eyes glaring at Steve, its ears flat.  FRIDAY could say what she wanted, but those eyes were filled with hatred.  Oh, it was coming off him in waves.  Steve glared back.  The feeling was mutual.
“Yeah,” Sam said, and patted his cheek. “And this? This whole lumberjack look you’ve got going on?”
“So?” Tony prompted. “
want it to be true.  Maybe that’s just a little more vendetta than I want to deal with tonight.”
“I came down to see what you’d done to the Charger.  The ‘Cuda turned out so good, I wanted to see how it looked.”
“Just a little?”
Tony fell quickly back to sleep, but for Steve, it wasn’t so easy. He lay quietly, drawing in long, flat breaths, trying to calm himself. It worked--mostly--but he knew there would be no more sleep for him that night. He looked at his watch and saw that it was four AM. That didn’t seem unreasonable to him. He usually got up at five-thirty, so it was not that far off from normal, but he didn’t want to get up just yet. He wanted to lie here with Tony, feeling his heart beating against his chest, sharing his sweet bed-warmth, smelling his scent, filling his lungs with it.
Before he could stop himself, Tony said, “Do you ever hear anything?  From…”
“And everything special about me came out of a bottle.”
Tony moved back warily.  He had no expectations after the last time they had been this close, so therefore didn’t know what to expect, but Steve still shocked him.  He sat up, reached behind his own neck and grabbed the collar of his Yankees t-shirt.  He pulled it one-handed, and in one smooth motion, it was over his head and off.
Tony laughed.  “Um...you?”
“Don’t say that,” Tony said levelly. “Don’t you ever say that.”
“I love you, too.”
“Rhodey?” he asked, blinking owlishly at him.  The sun was still bright, unfiltered by anything but the hint of tinting on the window.  “FRI, close the blinds.”
Steve bit his lip.  “I don’t know if I can handle another genius.”
“Oh no,” Pepper breathed, and Strange put her arm around her thin waist.
“Well. It
Steve nodded.
“Seven o’clock?”
It would have taken longer, but Tony greased a few palms and handed out a few favors to get through the logistical and zoning red-tape, then called in a few miracles to get the folks doing the actual labor to work overtime until it was done.
He thought everyone in his line of work did. You had to. If you wanted to survive another day in that crushing heat and the feeling of low-grade but ever-present dread, you
Steve dug a toe into the drop-cloth. “But I shouldn’t have it out here,” he muttered. “It’s messy, and...I could get paint on your furniture. I’m sorry, Tony, I-”
That dark, predatory look came back into Steve’s eyes. “Just us, right? The...talking part?”
"A long fucking time," Tony supplied.
Tony pointed at Steve. “Don’t. Move.” he said sternly, then squatted next to Morgan. “Sorry, peanut,” he said, bopping her nose gently with his finger. “I didn’t mean to scare you.”
"Where are you?" she asked as soon as she picked up.
Tony stopped in front of the hearth and swiped his lighter from the mantle.  A cheery fire crackled away, and he blinked at it in wonder before tossing another log onto it.  “You got it started,” he said.  “You really are a boy scout.”
They’d climbed into bed an hour ago.  It had become their routine.  Dinner at seven, a movie or a couple hours of TV after that, then Steve washed the dishes while Tony picked up and took out the trash.  At ten, they’d watch the news.  It was an old-timey thing to do in this day and age when news from every corner of the Earth could be had at any moment with a press of a button or a voice command, but Steve liked it.  He liked the act of sitting on the couch with a can of Coke or a beer by his hand, Tony lying against him, watching the news of the day become the history of the world.  It made him feel better.  Especially on days when he couldn’t stop thinking about the past.  Couldn’t stop remembering Bucky falling, or hearing Peggy’s voice, or feeling the cold water running up over his legs, his torso, his shoulders, his mouth--
Coffee, a talk with Nick, and ladder-climbing
“Is he having a sleepover?” she asked groggily. “Dodger can sleep in my bed.”
“Don’t worry, kiddo. He’s meeting us there.”
“I knew that was it.”  He coughed weakly.  “Where’s Wanda?”
He wanted to.
“I just like things to be right.”
him, it wasn’t really. Sergeant Rogers was tough. He was strong. He was in control. He
“Thank you, sir.”
“Yeah.  How long has he been seeing him?”
in love a little, if he were not so irrevocably tied to Tony Stark for all eternity.
“Did she ever get married again?” Tony asked. Just to lighten the mood. To try and lessen the heat that lay simmering between them. “Make it an even six?”
,” she scoffed. “The last thing the two of you need is ‘slow’. You need to jump in with both feet, you need to-” She stopped, and made a little squeaking sound. She clapped her hand back over her mouth.
“I believe I just answered that question.”
“Ye-ess?” the kid drawled, and then glanced over his shoulder, looking deeper into the apartment. When he looked back, the smile had gotten a little less wicked, but was still very much there. “Hold that thought,” he said quietly, and then the door opened wider.
bullshit.  He looked at his watch.  Seventeen hours, forty-five minutes.
“Hey!” Steve said, wiping grape juice off his forehead. “What the hell?” He plucked the grape out of his lap where it had landed and threw it back at Tony.
She hugged him again, abrupt and tight.  “I love you, Tony.”
, too.
really
“How’m I lookin’?” Steve asked, then jumped, laughing quietly when Tony gripped his ass. When he put his hand on his cock and gave it a little squeeze, Steve blushed. “At least kiss me while you’re doing that,” he murmured, but there was no heat to it. It was hushed. Almost reverent.
Steve thought so too. It was easier for him if he just kept moving. He’d spoken to his mom on Christmas. Had even gotten to speak to Sam. He’d made it through the holidays okay, but now that they were over, it was like he was at low-tide. He tried not to show it. He tried to be an example, and on the outside, he thought he was doing fine. He got up, got dressed, got moving. He kept everyone else moving. He was
“Oh, Steve.  Honey, we all have to fight.”
Tony,” he said, trying to keep his voice casual. “I don’t know if I’ll admit to being
The corner of Howard’s mouth lifted into a small smile, and Steve could see now how tired he looked.
But then Jack was gone. Steve’s eyes were still tightly closed, but he felt him move away. Felt the distance between them grow, and with every step Jack took away from him, the sound of Bucky’s screams got louder and louder.
She left the room without replying.  He watched her go, and then he was alone.
Tony gave him a coy smile. “I’m going back to bed,” he said, and looked at Steve expectantly, one eyebrow raised.
He had lost the need for a drink, but he still wanted a cigarette. With Sam here though, he thought he could hold out another hour, anyway.
Strange looked at him sharply.  “What’s wrong with Steve?  He left The Raft.  I thought he was with you?”
“‘Kay.”
He left, got into the car, and drove away.  On the way to the Tower, he stopped for a cheeseburger.  He didn’t think about sex dungeons at all while he ate.  Not much, anyway.
Tony let out a surprised breath. “
“We should do it this year,” Tony said.  “All of us.  Christmas tree, presents, Santa, the whole business.”
“Stop. Don’t thank me. That feels like a step backward.”
his fault, but Tony would let him off the hook--just as soon as he got here.
you think about, isn’t it?  What changes, do you think?  What changes to make us start thinking about it?”
Natasha looked at him, her eyes soft.  “Are you okay?”
Guess that made Tony the Candy Man.
Steve nodded, “Sure.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“You’re wrong, boss,” she said.  “I’m sorry, but you’re wrong.”
“Why do you say that?”
drunk in Malibu.  Nobody else was there.  No annoying, well-meaning friends dropping in.  Yeah, they dropped in now.  Since Gina’d left him in Cabo and he came back to New York sloppy drunk and had to have the cab driver and the doorman carry him up to the penthouse, they dropped in.  The bastards.
“You’re not so bad, either, big guy.”
Steve did not make him wait. Thank god, Steve didn’t make him wait.
“I don’t know,” Steve said.
is not
Steve brought Tony’s hand to his mouth, and kissed it. “I know,” he said. “I remember.”
Steve ran a hand through his hair. It was still short, but he hadn’t shaved in a week. “Nine years ago.”
Steve was extra-happy since he knew that Bucky had had his doubts that Natasha would still want him after he lost his arm.
“I don’t.”
“You don’t look like you slept last night.”
knew who Howard Stark was? Sure, they might know his name--he’d been on television and in the newspapers plenty of times before--but even Steve hadn’t really known who he was. He was just one of those names that got thrown around occasionally when they talked science on the news. Just one of those faces that showed up and then was gone again--familiar, but not really known. In fact, until Tony came back into his life, whenever he’d seen a picture of Howard in the newspapers, Steve had assumed he was a politician. Just one more guy making the decisions that ran the world.
nen) instead of whatever industrial soap it was they had in The Raft’s showers.  It wasn’t unpleasant, but it wasn’t right.  It wasn’t
He laughed.  “You are not funny.”
make me think about you with Barton, Steve. I’ll have to gouge my brain out if you make me think about that.”
Tony bowed his head, laughing in relieved, happy breaths as the guy stepped out of the car and looked around, his hands on his hips.  Tony tossed the dish cloth he was holding over his shoulder and walked outside.
“On the mantle.”
“Captain?”
He shrugged. “My ex-wife and I thought about having a baby once. I researched.”
, those eyes said.
Clint coughed, something that sounded remarkably like
. Something moving in his chest. Something he didn’t want to admit to. “Tony, um” he said quietly, "he never comes with you?”
“Then why’d you ask?”
pleasure?”
“No,” he said gruffly.  He needed to get this out, for himself now, as well as Tony.  “It was my fault.  It was my turn to save him, and I-I let him fall.  And then they had him and they turned him into some kind of--”
, actually, and if
Tony shook his head wearily. He wanted to be angry. He
“It’s a fucking
“Lift ‘em up, soldier.”
God, I hope so,
He heard himself stammering. The fact that he himself had been planning on doing the very thing he was pretty sure Steve had just said he was doing was not lost on him. “I-I-wh-Excuse me,
Steve kissed him again, then started to stand. Tony pulled him back down, wrapped him up in his arms again. He kissed his mouth, then his cheek. “Take care of yourself over there,” he whispered.
Even here, at this party in Stark Tower, that had the best security systems outside of the United Nations building--and he could hear Tony in his head saying, “The U.N.
Jack blinked, moved his head a bit. “You get right to the point, don’t you?”
“How is he?” Bruce asked, closing the hatch-back.
“Try him again, baby,” Tony said.  “You’ll wear him down eventually.”
Tony’s heart broke to see the changes in him, but then Steve lowered his hand, wincing, and cracked his lids, and it was mended again.  The eyes were the same.  Those big, blue, oceanic eyes hadn’t changed at all.  They found Tony’s unerringly, and they looked at each other across the tarmac, across the months.  Tony saw uncertainty in them, pain, fear, and a spark of something else.  Something that might have been hope.
“Are they ready?” Ross asked blandly.
“Yeah.”
?” Tony said incredulously. “Yes. Steve. Yes. I want you there.”
He laughed a little. “Like I must have been the dumbest fucking kid in the world, ‘cause I just keep loving you more. Every day, baby. Every single day.”
“You own this?”
Steve sighed, and ran his fingers through Tony’s hair. He kissed his temple, scratched his nails lightly up his back. “‘Kay, Tony,” he whispered, but he was pretty sure Tony was almost asleep. And that was okay. Better, maybe. If Tony said that while he was mostly asleep, while his guard was down, then Steve knew he was telling the truth. Not that he thought Tony had ever not told him the truth--he didn’t think Tony was capable of lying to him, and wouldn't lie even if he
They didn’t gamble.  Instead, Tony rented out the casino’s bowling alley for the entire time they were there.  They drank, ate, and bowled.  All day, for three days.  He called Steve both nights they were gone, and slowly jerked off to the sweet river of filth that flowed from the phone into his ear.  And then called him again in the morning for a repeat performance.
He sighed. “Fine,” he muttered, and dialed the number. He waited for a minute, then said, “Yeah, hey, can I talk to Steve Rogers in the kitchen, please?” He looked at his hand, at the bandage covering the knuckles. It hurt. His lip hurt too.
He took her to her next appointment with the oncologist, and they worked out a plan of attack. Surgery first, followed by several rounds of chemotherapy. The tumor was small--they had found it early, thank God--but it was best to get on it asap.
have a cell phone?” he asked seriously.
Realizing what he had just said, Steve braced himself for a joke, but Tony just nodded.
“What about the drugs?”
Steve stood up, picked up his bag and slung it over his shoulder all in one smooth movement. Tony had already started across the lawn toward his car, and Steve ran a few steps to catch up. When he reached Tony’s side, he thought he saw a little pleased smile tease Tony’s lips for the briefest moments, but it was there and gone so fast he wasn’t sure if he had actually seen it or not.
, he thought, as Morgan climbed out of the car and immediately wrapped herself around Steve’s leg.
On the couch behind them, Bruce let out a little snore.  They turned in tandem, identical fond looks on their faces.
He turned on his heel and started down toward the parking lot. He didn’t have a car, but the bus stop was only a few blocks away. He didn’t mind riding the bus. It was okay. Even though they were loud and cramped and usually smelled like piss and unwashed socks, he didn’t mind. It gave him time to think on his way home. Time to put the day away before he got home to his mother. She needed him. Ever since his dad died, his mother had needed him. He didn’t mind that, either. He knew he was different from most of the people in his class. Knew that his priorities were different, but that was okay. He’d always been a little different. Never quite fit in. With anybody. He was too poor for the rich kids, not smart enough for the smart kids, not aggressive enough for the athletes, and not high enough for the “cool” kids. The only person he’d ever fit in with was Tony. And it was pretty obvious where that left him now.
“Yes.”
Steve took a sip of his drink, his eyes drinking Tony in at the same time over the rim of his glass. “Doing what?” he asked. He already knew the answer. He just wanted to hear Tony say it.
Steve laughed while Tony threw the pillow back at Clint. He easily snatched it out of the air and pegged it back, hitting Tony in the face again.
But Tony wasn’t in town. He was out there, at his new school, proving to the world that he was anything but mediocre.
real fucking smart?”
In the rafters overhead, more birds chirped, rustled their many wings.  Tony glanced up at them, the hundreds of tiny bodies up there watching them.  He drew in a breath.  He wanted to go home.  He wanted Steve.
Steve nodded, “Uh-huh. Yeah. That’s what I want, Tony. That’s what I want. Make me howl.”
"What about on your end?  How is
“Tony?”
press--just a little--against Tony, and when he did, Tony felt his heart do a strenuous tumble in his chest. He felt something else too. Something a little more carnal truly make its presence known, and he wasn’t sure if he was worried or excited that Steve could probably feel it too.
Tony blinked rapidly.  “God, Steve, I just...I'm speechless right now."
“Yeah, Nick,” he said into the phone. “I’m fine. How’s things back there?”
And then everything seemed better.
“So I would do stuff.  All the stuff I did.  All the stuff I forgot.  They pumped me full of Baxter’s drugs then flashed that light, and I...I was gone.  I got lost.  I couldn’t find myself anymore, Tony.  I couldn’t...I couldn’t find you a lot of the time.”
“And he’s still down there?”
“Hey,” he whispered into Steve’s ear. He kissed his temple, dragged his nails gently over his back. “Are you okay?” Steve nodded against him, his arms still holding him tight. Tony kissed his temple again. “You’re shaking.”
“You’re back.”
He lowered his head. Nodded a little. He hung onto the smile. He’d learned from a very young age how to mask his feelings. How to make it okay for everyone else without showing how his own heart was being torn to pieces like tissue paper. “No,” he said softly. “I guess I don’t.”
He tickled her a little more, then pulled her into his arms, lying with her like spoons, Morgan on the inside. He closed his eyes and cuddled her closer. “You like Steve, don’t you?” he asked, and she nodded immediately.
to his relationship with Tony than there was to his relationship with Sam. There was that tingly feeling when Tony was close. That stupid, fucking tingly feeling that made him drop everything and think of nothing else whenever it happened. There was the fact that Tony stood closer to him than Sam stood. And when Tony brushed against him, Steve wanted to slide his arm around him and pull him even closer. There was the fact that they had
“Here I am.” He threw himself down on the bench, tossing his bag down on top of Steve’s backpack, and edged closer to Steve. Steve’s hands itched to latch onto him and drag him into his lap, itched to settle on his waist, or run restlessly through his hair, but he did none of those things. Tony had been a little more free with his affection while out in public lately, but mostly they were still playing the charade of “just friends”. And Steve still hated it. He kept doing it, though. And he’d keep doing it until Tony told him he could finally give it up and start living his life the way he wanted. The way
It hurt his heart, too.  Pepper had been such a good part of his past.  He’d loved her more than he had ever loved anyone before.  He still did.  But this thing with Steve...it was fate.  Tony didn’t believe in fate, but that’s what it was, all the same.  There was no other way to explain it.
“I was waiting for you.”
wanted to.
“What’s the other part?”
“I love you, Mom.”
“Hey,” Tony said, brushing his thumb along Steve’s cheekbone again. “If you don’t want to, Steve, it’s okay. I totally get it. I understand. It’s fine.”
“I’ve gotta get inside,” Steve said, gesturing to his own door. “I’ve got work.”
Tony bit his tongue.  Thought about Steve, and bit his tongue.
“Yeah.  I’m sorry I spilled...and yelled.  I didn’t mean to.”
Steve exhaled a laugh.  “I don’t think I’ve ever even used the word ‘tenacious’ before.”
get to him. God, what was
“Soon as I can.”
“I’m glad you approve.  Where do we meet?”
“Can’t we talk inside?  It’s cold.”
“Christ, Stark,” Strange muttered, and Wanda giggled again.
“Hey.”
Steve lifted his chin a little, unconsciously. “I guess I’m asking,” he said. “
He started to whistle as he drove.  “Gangsta’s Paradise”.
Rhodey raised his hands.  “I’m not.  You just looked like a wounded collie when I drove up and I couldn’t think of another reason why.”
“He didn’t have to,” she said.  “
There was a pondering silence, then her voice again.  “Daisies in the kitchen would be nice,” she said.
“Good-different or bad-different?”
“Good,” Tony said. “You’re so good.” And then his mouth was on Steve’s cock, and even those two little words were lost to him.
Tony began to stroke his hair lightly, fingers slipping through the strands. “Did it ever help?”
Howard watched him for a moment. It wasn’t the probing, intense gaze teenage-Tony had been used to, though. It was just curious. Just like his voice. Just curious. Not dangerous. He nodded. “That’s okay, son,” he said, then leaned forward, elbows on the table. “Did you hear about Peterson from Payroll?”
“Good. Great,” Tony said, automatically putting on his most winning paparazzi-and-PR smile. “Have a seat, John. May I call you John? ‘Cause you can definitely call me Tony. I like getting on a first-name-basis with people.”
Thanks for reading! One more (for real this time) chapter to go!
Steve felt bad. He couldn’t help it. He knew it was for the best, but he didn’t like seeing that crestfallen look on Tony’s face. It hurt him for some reason. “This doesn’t count as the coffee I owe you, does it?” he asked, and Tony’s smile lit up again. Like the sun.
Steve looked after him, struck dumb--again--by the sheer manic energy he radiated. He watched as Tony reached Pepper, twirled her around, and kissed her hand.
Steve grinned and shrugged his shoulders. “Some guy who spent the night here once.”
Josh nuzzled into Tony’s cheek, his eyes never leaving Steve’s. “Tony’s never mentioned you,” he said.
They were polite to each other, courteous and respectful, saying things like, “Please pass the salt,” at dinner, and “Thank you for folding the laundry.”
He nodded and took another bite of pizza. “Yeah. I’m bringing her. That’s cool, right?”
“I don’t know,” Steve said, clasping Tony’s hand and holding it tight. “I don’t want to bring that stuff home to you, Tony. That’s why I didn’t come here in the first place. I don’t want to put that on you.”
“I’ve been thinking about it for years.  I’m pretty sure.”
Steve opened his mouth, but Tony overrode him.  “He was working out.  I helped.  The things he can do…”  Tony slung an arm around Rhodey’s shoulder.  “It’s a shame you weren’t down here to see it.”
He pressed four on his speed-dial, groped the keys out of his pocket, dropped them, then picked them up with hands that shook like leaves on a quaking tree.
Steve.
"How are you holding up?"
“I wish I could suck you off right here,” Josh was saying, his hand moving on Tony’s cock. “Just crawl under the table, and put my lips around your dick. You taste so good, babe. Do you want me to do that? Would you like that?”
“You don’t look it. You look like you’re seventeen again.”
“I’ve seen you here a few times,” he said, and Steve arched an eyebrow, “and I thought it would be...interesting to talk to you.”
Love you all!!
She gave him a guilty, distracted smile. “You’re right, honey,” she said, visibly trying to get herself under control. “I’m sorry. I don’t mean to put pressure on you. On either of you.”
Steve hugged him again. “I know. It’s okay.”
“What did he want?”
Tony bit his lip, trying not to smile.
There was a warning tone to his voice, but it was just for show. And even if it wasn’t, what did it really matter? Josh was going to win. He’d already won. He’d won before Steve had even known a battle was going to take place. So what did it matter if Steve fought a little dirtier than he normally would have? What the fuck did it matter? He’d already lost.
Tony kissed him again.  “You’re welcome, baby,” he said, then slid off Steve’s lap, punched his pillows into shape, and sunk down onto them.  He pulled on Steve’s arm until he was lying next to him, then curled up against him.  When Steve didn’t immediately put his arm around him, Tony poked him in the side and said, “Hey, cuddle me, Steve, what the hell?”
“You’re telling me I should take Steve Rogers as proof of god?”
snot.”
Kinda wanted to see his reaction.
He gave him a piece of gum he won by answering a question right in Dr. Banner’s science class.
It wasn’t until he’d picked up all his things and snapped off the light, that he wondered if Thor had been speaking of Peggy at all when he asked if she was untouchable.
Then she stood and turned for the door.
“Steve,” Tony mumbled.  “Stop.  Just for a second.”
“Feels like what?”
“Has he been moved?” he barked.
"Tony."
wanna protect people. Protect you. And Tony. And my mom, and Sam, and Dodger. I wanna take care of you guys. Make sure you’re safe. So, yeah. That’s why I go.”
"Can't somebody else handle that?" Tony complained.
Tony frowned a little. “Your house?” he asked.
He reached over and picked up the blanket he’d folded.  It was a short reach.  After the first night out here, he’d moved the recliner closer to the couch, but Steve had made no attempt to touch him in the night, so Tony hadn’t either.  They slept virtually side by side, but the space between them felt like a vast desert that neither of them were capable of crossing.
match. And when he was gone,” Steve felt her shrug against him, “I didn’t want to be with somebody just to
Steve looked at the paper.  “‘General Ross’.”
Plain as day.
is kind of our thing.”
Tony knew what he was looking at.  He stood there and looked at it himself a lot.  Sometimes, when he couldn’t sleep, he’d come down here and look at it for an hour or more, imagining Steve’s face, his hands, his eyes intently narrowed as he pencilled in those lines, shaded, used his finger to smudge the charcoal a little to produce the shadows under the Bentley.
,” he said sternly. “That’s one of the conditions for you staying here.”
“Then that’s settled.”
He laughed a little. He couldn’t help it. Mostly because he thought she wouldn’t mind at all.
“I can’t sleep,” she repeated.
“Baby,” Tony breathed, and the hairs on the back of Steve’s neck stood up. “Don’t talk to me like that unless you’re really going to come over here and do something about it.”
for. But-”
behind him. The heat of his body in contrast to the cool of the evening around them.
miss New York pizza.” He gestured toward the L.A. skyline. “It’s not the same here.”
“I believe you,” Steve said.  “But being with me comes with a lot of...stuff.  There are things you can have with her that you can’t have with me.  Family.  Kids.  It’s too dangerous.  We can say we’re retired, but Vision was right--it is our strength that makes people want to challenge us.”  He smiled a small, complicated smile.  “We’re stronger together.  We always have been.  Haven’t we?”
Steve hesitated to call him. He’d texted him once at 11:15, asking if he should go in and get the popcorn, but Tony didn’t text back.  Tony
And then they were wheeling her away, down the hallway, through doors that led to another hallway, that led to an operating room and a surgeon’s knife, and he knew nothing about what else waited for her down there. Or what was waiting for him. He sat down on a chair and put his head in his hands, trying to clear his mind. He couldn't quite do it, but he tried hard.
Steve shot him an amused look.  “Do you want me to start calling you ‘Stark’ again?”
.  It’s because you’re concerned about
The rain had started a few hours ago and had not let up since.  It wasn’t a hard, pounding, driving rain, but it was persistent.  It fell in a steady drizzle.  The sound came through the open window, calming, soothing in the hour just after midnight.
Steve didn’t notice.
Tony blinked. Swallowed. Josh. Right. His boyfriend.
walk out on him, if he had Dodger, he still wouldn’t be completely alone.
He shook his head.  The thought of that sex dungeon was still in his head.  “Uh, no.  No, thanks.  I’ll see you later.”
Date night!
Steve snuggled his head deeper into Tony’s stomach. “You think you know,” he murmured, and when Tony chuckled and kissed the top of his head, Steve let his eyes fall closed.
And the second the thought was fully formed in his mind, Steve knew for certain that it was true. Tony should know. He deserved to know, and Sarah deserved to have him know. He thought about calling him, but he didn’t think he could do that. They hadn’t spoken in a long time. It seemed a little strange to just call him up out of the blue, especially with news like this.
“If you kill him now, he can’t do that.  And Ross will get away with it,” she said.  “I know you don’t want that.  Thor made sure Loki suffered for what he did to you.”  Clint tensed again, but her worry was draining away.  She knew he’d seen reason.  She just needed this last bit for insurance.  “Now, it’s
Nat and Bruce exchanged a look.  Sam abstained, suddenly finding a cloud very interesting.
been it?  Tony watched him out the door, still silent, hating him, wanting him, loving him in spite of everything.
“I can call a cab.”
Steve put his hand on Sarah’s leg. “How is she?”
"You would, huh?" Steve asked, a blush heating his cheeks.  He hoped he was the only one Tony talked to like this when he was on his meds, but judging from the sly smiles the nurses gave him when he passed them in the hallways, he was not.
But he couldn’t quite bring himself to go that far just yet.
Steve pressed his mouth to Tony’s again.  It was filled with a sweet oblivion.  Tony could feel it.  Feel it in the solid weight of him, the slow, serpentine undulation of his hips, the open-mouthed promise of his kiss, and he felt like weeping.  This was happening.  Finally.  After so many years of denial and longing and desire and passion, Steve was completely his.  And he was completely Steve’s. They belonged to each other.  Tony was Steve’s only.  Steve was Tony’s last.  The vow hung unspoken around them like the soft haze of mist on a summer morning.
Tony kissed him again.  Soft, short, sweet, then pulled away.  He held up the letter.  “So?  What does he want?”
Steve glanced around the room. There were several people here, but plenty of empty tables. Plenty of places for him to sit without coming in contact with Steve. In fact, why was he even here? Why did he even come over here? Steve frowned, and asked. “Why would you want to do that?”
Steve went to the elevator.  “FRIDAY, will you unlock the training room?”
Strange shrugged and fingered the slight bulge under his shirt.  The Time Stone.  “Did it?”
“Tony?”
Steve smiled, remembered he was trying to be mad, and deliberately scowled.  The whole thing had a dizzying effect on Tony.  Although, admittedly, that was nothing new.  Everything Steve did seemed to affect him in that way.  Since they’d moved into the bedroom a week ago--since they’d made love for the first time--Tony had been existing in a state of low-grade agitation that never let up.  Every sense and feeling he had felt heightened.  Everything from happiness, to anger, to plain old tiredness seemed exponentially
“That’s good.”
He knew he would. He knew he’d feel that warm relief flow over him the second he laid eyes on him. He knew he’d feel his muscles relax, his nerves ease, his headache go away. He knew that just being near him would be enough to erase everything bad this day had thrown at him, and he wasn’t wrong. That’s why he didn’t call him earlier. Because it was getting harder. Being with him, but not really being with him. It was getting harder to not touch him, not hold his hand, not kiss him. It was getting harder to not give him everything he ever wanted, take him anywhere he ever wanted to go, show him everything he ever wanted to see. It was getting harder to not wrap him in a bear hug and assault his face with kisses. To not fall asleep listening to him breathe. To not tell him he loved him in every language in the known world. To not show him in every way known to man or beast.
He took his phone out, texted Nat.
He waited.
Tony opened his mouth to say something, but instead, just turned and went after Josh.
Steve looked at that one the longest. He wasn’t jealous--not now, anyway--but he felt something stirring inside him as he looked at the photograph. At the differences and similarities between Pepper and the little girl in her arms. He wasn’t sure what it was he felt. Maybe it was gratitude.
hadn’t made Ross do what he did to Steve.
“Are you saying Ross engineered this?” Tony asked.
JULY, FRIDAY 8:00 AM
Tony screamed at himself. He could see Steve retreating from him, could see how Tony’s apparent indecision--or worse, disinterest--was tearing him to pieces. He was so shy. So sweetly innocent, that just suggesting what Tony thought he was suggesting must have taken an amount of courage that Tony could barely fathom, and the look on his face--that furrow between his eyebrows, that turned-down mouth--was enough to kickstart Tony’s brain again. He didn’t want Steve sad. Or worried. Or afraid he wasn’t interested. He wanted happy-Steve. He wanted sweet-Steve. He wanted...Steve. Just Steve.
Steve poured a cup of Bruce’s tea and pulled out a chair.  He met Tony’s eyes across the table.  Tony raised his eyebrow and Steve could hear the words in his head, a silent conversation that solidified his place here.
Confusion replaced the desire.  “Can I what?”
Tony laughed.  “It’s the day after Christmas, Steve.  The New York airports were going to be swamped.  Jerry calculated here was probably easiest.”
“I hope you don’t mind that I took that.”
“Come on, Nick,” he said. “I gotta know what’s going on.”
Sam sighed. “Guess we know whose side he’s on after all.”
Steve returned the nod. “‘Kay.” He tugged on Tony’s arm. “Come here.”
Steve,” he said, jerking his head toward the beach.  “It wasn’t
“Sounds good to me.  Goodnight.”
“You said it made me look like a lumberjack.”
“I’m paying for his room,” Tony spat.  “I’m paying for your
Thor answered the question for him.  He saw Steve in the doorway, and held out his hand, beckoning him inside.
Steve shook his head, smiling.  “Did you get the dry cleaning?”
They looked at each other in the dim stairwell, neither moving, just looking.
"This woman is a badass," Tony had exclaimed, when they finished the series.
Steve’s eyes met Clint’s.  He smiled a little, and Clint’s shoulders lifted in a tiny shrug.
“Do you think you would have said yes?” he asked.
“But, if we do this,” she said, her voice small, “how can he come back to us?  How can he come home?”
“I do,” the kid offered eagerly, and dug in his pocket again.
Tony held him tighter. "Goodnight, baby."
“Perimeter check,” she answered finally. “Everything’s secure on the floors above and below this one. I’m sure Tony’s got FRIDAY on active duty.” She snagged a glass of champagne from a passing waiter. “I assume you checked things out here,” she continued as the waiter left.
“Wild berry,” Bruce answered.
Steve nodded, looking up at him with a trust so complete it almost took his breath away. “Okay,” he said. He grasped Tony’s cock and stroked it with a firm yet delicate touch. “I don’t want to think about it right now, though,” he said, and sat up, wrapping his arms around Tony’s waist. He kissed his mouth. Kissed his neck. Bit into his shoulder. He thrust up against Tony, and he moaned beneath him. “Don’t want to think about anything. I just-” kissing him again, tongue in his mouth, hands on his skin “-just want this. Just this right now. Okay?”
Steve shrugged. “A little, I guess.”
was better, and he’d tell himself that too as soon as he got himself out the door. As soon as he got away from this crowd that contained not only a bunch of people he didn’t know, and would never know, but the man he knew better than anyone--loved better than anyone--and the woman that man was now in love with. He’d go to Bucky’s, and close the door, and get the fuck out of this suit and tie, and pour a drink, and throw it back, and pour another one, and bring the bottle back to the couch, and then, only then, would he tell himself it was better.  Because it was only then that he would actually begin to believe it. This was better. He was better. They were all better.
He looked at Steve last. Last and longest. His eyes moved over him, his face unreadable. “Steven.”
I'm so sorry. I watched Grease last night, and Olivia Newton-John was just stuck in my head.
“Just maybe?”
They lapsed into a warm, affectionate silence, sipping their beers, watching the insects bump and tumble over the lights, the sound of the lake casting itself onto the beach a quiet constant.
“I’m sorry,” he said, and squeezed Tony tightly in his arms. He kissed his shoulder, his neck, his cheek, then squeezed him again. “What were you thinking about?”
Steve pressed closer, throwing his arm over Tony’s middle to tug him nearer.  He nuzzled into the crook of Tony’s neck.  “‘Kay,” he said, and slept.
“But nothing, baby.” He looked at the canvas, then back at Steve. He shook his head. “My god, Steve, don’t stop now. This is-” he rubbed his forehead. “Baby, this is not like anything I’ve ever seen in my entire life.” He looked at the canvas again, then out the window, then back into Steve’s anxious face. “Is this what you see? Is this why you like sitting here looking out this goddamn window all the time?”
Steve nodded.  “Yeah.  I know.”
And then he was gone.
“‘Cause it means you don’t trust me.” And Steve’s voice said that hurt him more than anything. Tony hated himself in that moment.
He sat up, and a piece of paper on the dresser caught his eye.  He reached for it.
Tony pressed his forehead against the hard muscle of Steve’s chest.  How was this his life now?  After all the mistakes he’d made, the ridiculous, selfish choices, after all the people he’d hurt, how did he possibly deserve to have this?  He belonged in some whore’s bed, doing it dirty and fast, money already on the nightstand, stale cigarette smoke in his nose, a dog barking outside the window of an anonymous, concrete motel room.  Not this.  Not this beauty.  Not this sweetness.  Not this person laid out before him, wanting him, needing him, trusting him to know what was right, trusting him to make it good, begging him with blue eyes in a warm, gentle darkness that held no pain, no fear, only promise.  How could he possibly get to have this after the life he had lived?
He sighed harshly.  “Okay.”
Tony shifted, twisting so he was on his side facing him.  “No, it’s okay,” he said.  “I don’t mind telling you some of it.”  Steve was silent, listening, so Tony went on.  “I talked mostly about Howard at the start.  I know he loved me, but he didn’t like me very much.  I was always a disappointment to him.”
He laughed again in the back of his throat and rubbed his cheek against Tony’s.  Tony pushed him away.
, I was happy to see him.  I’m always happy to see him, but that doesn’t mean you should have called him.”
“Tony--”
The temperature in the room had risen steadily, the red mist that had begun as only a few wisps tying Steve and Wanda’s hands together like an ancient bonding ceremony now wafted throughout the whole of the room.
have any regrets?”
Tony closed his eyes and nodded.  Steve felt a little pang of regret but quashed it at once.  He knew this was right.  He didn’t like it, but he knew it.
want to.”
Tony shook his head. “I think it might still be too cold.”
kill you, Barton’,” he mimicked, and Natasha shook her head, as they manhandled Baxter into the back of their transport.  She couldn’t help the faint blush that crept up onto her cheeks or the way her mouth curved into a small, secret smile.  He was teasing.  She knew that.  But there was an under-current of jealousy there, too.  Hearing it was as good as the thought of three weeks lounging beach-side with her tan, decidedly lab-coat-free
“What was the cause, then?”
Tony got lost in the sensation of Steve’s mouth on his fingers, the gentle brush of his lips against the knuckles.  So lost he almost missed his turn and had to yank it away to down-shift.  “Shit,” he muttered under his breath as he goosed the brake and spun the wheel.
“Running off?”
It was a private room.  Tony’s money--
“That can be arranged,” Tony said, then pulled out of his arms. “Do you want to go be snuggly in your room?” Steve thought about what his mom had said, and thought it didn’t
They stayed until afternoon, walking the beach, talking like nothing was wrong. Tony found the key hung on a hook high in the eaves, and they went inside the cabin. It was small but clean. Howard had a guy come in and check on it every week, and someone else come in and dust and vacuum once a month. Tony had never been sure why he did it--it wasn’t like they came up on any father-son fishing trips or anything--but he was glad. He led Steve in by the hand and tossed the key down on the little table by the door. Steve looked around the room, his lips curving into a tiny smile.
Tony smiled a little. He couldn’t help it. He was keeping his guard up, but Carol wasn’t the only secret softie under this roof tonight. “Nah. Stark Industries’ brightest mind has her heart set on staying here, raising our daughter and running
“I’ll be careful.”
“Fuck me, I love straight-talk-Steve so much.”
“You’d better.”
“Gee, so very comforting.”
Tony slid along the railing until he was directly in front of Steve.  He put one foot on either side of Steve’s, bookending them.  He folded his arms over his chest and leaned forward a bit, getting into Steve’s space but not enough to frighten him.  As big as he was, as tough, he could be as skittish as a newborn colt.  Tony gauged his boundaries and erred on just the right side of too close.  He was good at it.  He should be, he’d been doing it for the last decade of his life.
place. It was
taking pleasure in listening to you talk. Is that so wrong?”
“The herders came back just in time,” Bruce answered kindly.  “We all parted friends.”
was the beautiful one in this situation. Perfect. Better than anything Steve had ever even imagined. Better than he deserved, he knew that. But knowing it didn’t mean he would give him up. Hell no. He would fight tooth and nail to keep him. Snarl, bite, claw,
“It’s okay,” Steve murmured.
waiting outside his date’s door. That was a new feeling. He’d never gotten nervous before. Not with anyone else. Just Steve. And he liked it. Liked feeling that little flurry of butterfly wings inside his stomach while he waited. It felt good. Strange, but good.
a little better,” he said finally, not wanting to hurt her, but needing to say it. “My dad?”
Thanks for reading and commenting! Next chapter up in a few days. I'm just writing it now, so guess we'll see what happens!
Tony shook his head and cocked an eyebrow.  “You can’t ever let me have the last word, can you, soldier?”
“You might even be able to get him to take his lab coat off.”
Tony closed his eyes. That lump in his throat from earlier was back again, and it seemed to have grown considerably.
“I’m sorry, guys,” she said, “but it’s time.”
He turned around and grabbed a dishtowel.  “I didn’t know anyone else was in here,” he said.  He dumped the ice into the towel and gathered the edges together.
“A fucking dumb-ass kid,” Tony agreed.  “I think what pissed me off most was that we--my mom and I--always felt...optional to him.  You know what I mean?  Like, he had SHIELD, he had his work, he had his projects and designs, and we were just ‘out of sight, out of mind’ for him.”  Tony smiled sadly.  “He took us when we were there, and he left us when we weren’t.  That was hard on my mother.”
“Sorry, Aunt May.”
The ceiling was high and bare, the beams exposed.  The floor was cracked, dirt-covered concrete, but just like outside, green was sprouting up through the cracks, searching for the shafts of sunlight that fell through the shattered windows.  The clearing was probably man-made rather than natural, but in either case, it let the sun in, and it let the greenery grow.
“Yeah,” Tony agreed.
Tony nodded.  “Probably.”
Jeff chuckled under his breath and squeezed Steve’s shoulder.  “Ah, son.  Open your eyes.”
“Is that something we should be doing?”
Tony sat in a bright bar of sunshine, sunglasses on even indoors, a cup of coffee and a Danish by his hand.  The diner was low-key and mellow most of the time, and now in the three o’clock lull between lunch and dinner, it was deserted.
Tony went back to looking at Steve, watched as he turned a page. “Yeah,” he agreed. “So what if I am?”
Natasha and Sam got into the car.  Bruce hung back, accepted Tony’s hug, then said, “I’ll talk to Strange.  He’ll probably be at the Compound and I can give him an idea of what’s going on.”  He wrung his hands, looking worried.  “I hate leaving you here.  There’s something wrong, Tony.  If I didn’t know better…”
“You outrank me, sir,” he said smartly, eyes forward, chin high and firm.  “It’s protocol for me to address a higher-ranking officer as ‘sir’, sir.”
“Good-bye.”
“Yeah, well,” Tony said, straightening, regaining his composure, regaining his strength even as Steve lost his own.  “I didn’t want to have you and your boyfriend come at me in a fucking tag-team death-match either.  Dick move, Rogers.”
doing that, and sees
Wanda met him at the second floor landing.  Tony pointed up the last flight.  She nodded and fell into step behind him.  She’d been staying at the Tower with him since their little field-trip to the prison, and the two of them had become friendly.  They’d done it exactly like Steve had suggested--they ate Thai food, played Xbox, and told stories.  They weren’t all about Steve--at least not anymore--and Tony had sealed their newfound friendship by giving her her own room in the Tower and a credit card.  Wanda had tried to refuse the card, but Tony insisted.  She hadn’t used it yet, but Tony had caught her ogling Balenciaga handbags on-line.  It was really only a matter of time.
“Let me see that one.”
“I went to the diner for lunch and he was in the parking lot.”
“You know,” he said, taking a bite.  “You could come tell them yourself.  It might do you some good to get out.  Damn, that tastes good.  And those people would probably love to see Iron Man.”
Tony held him tightly. “Well, I don’t know if
“Oh.”  Tony groaned and rubbed his eyes again with the back of the hand not holding the blanket closed around him.  “The Quinjet specs.  Fuck.  Yeah.”
They caught him on his way out of the building and began their spiel.  They were clean-cut young men.  Well-dressed and well-spoken.  On the outside, they were not much different from Steve himself, but their rhetoric was pure venom given a candy-coating to make it go down easier.
She took his hand. “I know. He told me what happened.”
“Yes.  Exactly.  You’re too damn stubborn to leave on your own, so--”
He went to the dresser and rummaged around until he found an old pair of sweatpants and a blue t-shirt that would probably fit over those muscles. It had belonged to a guy from Germany who had flown in for the weekend a couple years ago. After they concluded their business, he had taken Tony out for copious amounts of vodka, and Tony had woken up to the guy snoring loudly on his sofa. So loudly, he could hear him from his bedroom down the hall even with the door closed. They’d parted with a friendly handshake that afternoon. They still did business, and they were still friendly. Tony had stayed at his house last August when he went to Germany for a product launch. He heard him snoring again, like a chainsaw in the woods, and the next morning, his wife apologized to Tony over and over again. Tony just laughed.
Strange drank his coffee, and the waitress came and refilled both cups.  She didn’t say anything, and neither did they.  Tony loved people sometimes.
“No promises, Cap.”
He nodded. “I guess that’s good,” he said. “It looks like
“You always talk to me, Captain.”
“Talk to me,” Tony rasped in his ear.
Steve looked at the cat.  It was watching him closely, the way it would watch an unsuspecting mouse.  “Try telling
--am responsible for hundreds of thousands of people. The employees. Their children. Their wives and husbands. Their parents. I sit on the board of a dozen different organizations. There are fund-raisers. Balls. Galas. Symposiums. These things happen in different countries. In different languages. When I retire, all of that will fall on Tony’s shoulders. Not only will he inherit all my money and assets, but all my responsibilities, as well.”
P.s. Happy birthday, Tony Stark! I could have lived my life without you, but it would not have been as sweet.
The guard, a kid of maybe twenty-one, flushed under his uniform cap.  “It’s not necessary for you to call me ‘sir’, Mr. Stark,” he said.
that shrug said as clearly as his own mouth could have.  Steve nodded.
“For what?”
“Okay,” she agreed. “I’ll go tell him it will be a minute.”
Steve shook his head.  He’d held out hope, but it was gone now.  “She’s not coming back.”
Steve let the breath out.  He nodded.  “When do they come for me, sir?”
“She’s not a rabid dog.”
“I’m fine.  We’re fine, I think.”
Gina came back to the table, glanced cursorily at Strange, then turned her big eyes back to Tony.  They were hazel.  Thank god.  “Are you ordering lunch, Mr. Stark?”
Steve sat on the leather sofa against the wall and Tony perched on the coffee table in front of him.  He took bandages out of the kit.  “Let me see.”
“Are you kidding? I’d love it.”
Strange followed Tony’s gaze to Pepper’s face.  He brushed her hair back behind her ear.  “They’re my friends, too.  But, you’re welcome.”
“Promise me.”
television. It was dusk, and the windows gave a spectacular view of the city below, but the rest of the space seemed sterile. Cold. The very opposite of what Steve himself was.
Steve shrugged and Tony knew a moment of utter homesickness for him.  He’d been gone so long.
What the fuck was he thinking?
“It’s none of my business.”
Steve tried to put his hand up too, but Tony climbed into his lap and wrestled his arm back against his side. Steve let himself be wrestled, his eyes filled with a dark good humor rested on Tony’s the entire time.
“Oh, I think you can.”  He kissed Steve’s neck, ran his tongue along his jawline.  “You can do anything.  I have complete faith in you.”
“We should get one of those swear-jars,” Steve said, running his hands through his hair, smoothing the place Tony had mussed with his evil hands.
By the time he got out of bed around three o’clock pm, he almost believed it.
Took John Peterson’s hand. “She did. It’s no problem. I hope it wasn’t too serious?”
“I will be,” he answered slowly.  “When we figure out what the fuck is wrong with him.”
Tony took him to a coffee shop, and they sat together on opposite sides of the booth, Tony sitting sideways, one leg stretched out on the seat beside him, Steve leaning forward, holding his mug in both hands as if trying to warm them.
Steve saw him for the first time out his living room window. He pulled up in a red sports car. An Audi, Steve learned later, although he didn’t know the difference between an Audi, an Astin Martin, and an Acura. It wasn’t his area of expertise. They all just looked like cars to him. Sure, some were flashier than others, but they all had four wheels and some doors, and that’s really all he knew about them, or, frankly, cared to know. The kid, though, probably knew all the differences.
Tony started typing out a long text filled with angry, pissed-off-monkey words, but halfway through, changed his mind.  He erased it all, typed eight letters, then sat his phone down.
Lips, tongue on his nipple.  The sharp intake of his breath.  Hand moving slowly lower.  Finally.
“Can I come in?”
"What is going on?"
“Yeah. It’s pretty obvious.”
“Our cause is a righteous one, Captain, if you’ll just--”
So there was no point dwelling on it.
But now. Now.
He laughed, and Dodger got to his feet, grinning his doggy-grin, tail wagging vigorously. “Yeah,” Steve said, petting Dodger’s neck. “‘Cause all the coolest guys need their moms to tell them they are.”
“Really.”
“Nothing but the best for you, baby.”
“How fast does it go?”
“Excuse me,
Steve shrugged. “‘Don’t know,” he said. “Like...like a home, I guess.”
Tony nodded, those eyes getting even brighter. “Okay,” he said, and resumed touching his face. “But I want to ask you for a favor first.”
They sat down across from each other.  Tony’s hands itched to take Steve’s over the table-top, but he didn’t.  It was too risky.  “So?” he said.  “How is it?  How are you getting along?”
Steve laughed shortly.  “Stop it,” he breathed.  “Stop doing that.  That’s what I’m talking about.  You’re too good for me.”
“Steve, you can’t.”  Strange.
“I can’t.”
She smoothed her hand over his hair once more, kissed his forehead, then left. When she was gone, Steve touched Tony’s arm, scratched his nails up Tony’s back. “Hey,” he whispered. “Hey. Tony. Wake up for me. I’ve gotta talk to you.”
She shifted against him.  “Remember that night in Brussels?”
“Mr. Stark hasn’t put any restrictions on your access.”
“I think he would have said something else, but Carol stopped him.”
“I’m nervous.”
to do it, he hadn’t had the chance.  First, Steve was too broken by Thanos, and then he’d been taken to The Raft.  Then had come the uneasy in-between-time where neither of them dared indulge in anything physical, and now Steve was
“Will you sleep with me?” she asked, gripping his hand.
“Try again, kiddo,” he said, trying to keep his voice from cracking.
passing up the opportunity to indulge himself.
Tony wasn’t
Tony gave his cock one final squeeze, then the warm weight of him was suddenly gone from behind Steve's back. Steve bit his tongue, biting back any protest.
“Captain Rogers.  Wake up.”
Bucky shook his head.  “I don’t know.  I’m a long way from Brooklyn, pal.”
“No, I’m not hungry.”
“You don’t need to put him in a cage. Maybe just rein him in a little sometimes.”
“Wait,” Tony said.
“You always ask me that.”
He kissed his hand again, moved it to brush the long fingers against his own cheek. “Baby.”
“No,” Steve answered, “not too much, it’s just…”
Tony threw him a distraught look and put one hand over the cat’s ear, pressing the other softly against his chest.  “Steve,
“Yeah,” he said, pulling away from her.  “A lot of people make that mistake.”
“Do you still have nightmares?”
Peter shook his head, blushing to the roots of his hair.  “Yeah, sorry, Mr. Stark,” he said, and bounded into Tony's arms again.  “Thanks.  Really.  I mean, wow.  Really.”
--him say,
“I can’t,” he said softly.  “I have to do this the right way.  I have to put the work in.”  He looked at each of them, his eyes flitting past Tony’s before settling on Nat’s again.  “Thank you, all of you, for wanting to help, but,” he sighed, “I have to do this on my own.”
Steve took one arm from Dodger and put it around her waist, hugging her tightly. “Hi Mom,” he said, and she kissed his cheek furiously.
“Then why-”
Nat shot a look at Bruce.  He shook his head, bewildered.  She turned her eyes to Tony.  He looked back silently.  It had startled him as much as it had her.
“I don’t want to do anything, Tony,” he said.  “Is that okay?  Can’t we just go home and...Can’t we just go home?”
“Steve.”
Steve turned back. The line of his body was etched in cool white from the lights of the city. Tony felt his breath catch in his throat. His heart stop in his chest.
“Go ahead.”
Rhodey shook his head.  “I was going to say ‘for the world’, Tony.  During Thanos.  He did a lot.”
Tony pressed his forehead against Steve’s, holding him tight with his hand, the other curled into Steve’s denim jacket. “That’s not a promise, baby,” he said. “It’s just a fact. You’re mine. And I’m yours. Forever. Okay?”
“Alright.”
Howard laughed. Cynical, sarcastic. Too much like Tony’s own for comfort. “I’ve got more strings than you’ve got brains, kiddo. I say the word and you don’t go to school
Tony closed the rest of the distance between them and took the sheet from Steve’s hands. “No,” he said, shaking his head. “No, honey, please don’t. Don’t put it away.”
“Why’d you do that?” Tony asked.  “You
“Natalia.”
Tony pulled his car to a stop in front of a high-rise building, and they got out. Steve stood on the pavement, looking up at it. It was huge, graceful, beautiful, nothing like the fourth-floor walk-up he and his mother lived in, and the nerves he’d felt earlier came rushing back.
, that gesture said.
“He called,” Sarah said. “He said he’d be here soon.” She ran her hand through his hair, fingering the ends. “Do you want to wait?”
“Yeah, you are, or I’m going to kill you.  Don’t make me make your wife a widow.”
He flipped the pad open with no other thought than the pencil lurking inside...and stopped.
mean anything to him. It didn’t. Steve knew it didn’t. Steve wished it didn’t mean anything to
. He didn’t realize how much better that made him feel. How free.
“Baby,” Tony began patiently, but Steve shook his head.
Steve shrugged one shoulder.  “I was strong.  Direct.  I tried to do the right things.”  He swallowed, Tony saw it in the glow of the moonlight, the bob of his Adam’s apple a shifting shadow.  “I’m not the smartest guy in the world, but I’m not stupid.  And…” he shifted uncomfortably, “I know what I look like,” he finished with reluctance and something that was very nearly distaste, as if the thought of his own good looks was something to be ashamed of rather than admired.
Steve’s tongue stole out and licked his lips. “Well...” he began, then shook his head. “No. Really. It’s too late. I have work.”
Tony stopped at the mouth of the hallway, watching him watching the city as if he did it all the time.  As if he belonged here.  He
He shrugged and glanced over his shoulder at the door.
"Ow!  Damnit, Tony."
okay.  “Yeah, big guy.  I’m fine.”
“How do you
“Tony.  Don’t worry.”
He didn’t change position. His lips moved against Tony’s neck when he spoke. “Yeah. Just me.”
The dog never did show up. The gum got taken away by the hall monitor as soon as she saw it in Tony’s mouth--he barely even got to taste it. The picture at least
Steve stopped swimming. The water wasn’t really that deep where he was standing, but he dipped his knees until only his nose and eyes were above the water line. Oh, and they were dangerous, those eyes. Tony had been aware of that fact before tonight, but he didn’t think he had ever fully appreciated just how mad they could drive a man. He was feeling it now, though. Feeling a low-grade tingling in his extremities. A lightness inside his head. Desire in his lower stomach.
