Steve leaned forward, bracing his hands on the tabletop.  “I’d call it a secret lair, right out of the funny books, Mr. Stark.”
“We’ll talk after dinner,” Pepper said in a stage whisper.  Laughing, Natasha handed her the pen back.
“Probably someone from Asgard,” Clint said, leaning over to make a change to the sketch in front of him.  He still wasn't wearing a shirt.
Rogers emerged, DJ's small satchel in his hand.  “Don't need to,” he said.  “His things are still here, so he didn't leave.”
The raised typeface on the dog tags stared up at him, and he struggled to breathe.  His hands were shaking as he tucked the chain under the neck of his shirt.
“But enough,” Rogers said. He shifted in his seat, one foot sliding across the floor, as if he was bracing for something. He looked at her. “You get used to keeping things to yourself. Things that are dangerous. Things that always go unspoken. You tell yourself it's a private matter, it's no one's business but yours. Back then, it was true.” He gave her a tight smile. “Straight white soldiers go on posters. Gay art students make them.”
Happy tossed the cigar off of the pier with a flick of his fingers.  “You took your sweet time,” he said, as the slim figure pulled her mask off.
“If they are, they’re being careful about it,” Clint said.  He opened the back door of the vehicle, waving her in.  “Load it up, kids.  Stark, where are we going?”
“This house is a mess of riddles and contradictions,” Steve said to no one in particular, just as Bruce pushed the back door open, stepping in from the laundry yard.
Jan nodded.  "Right, right.  So, Tony does not suffer boredom lightly, and pretty much everything bores him.  But for some reason, he's still hanging around you after all these years, so I think we're safe."  She smiled.  "He likes 'em smart, and you?"  She poked Steve lightly in the middle of his chest.  "You're smart."
In the babble of words that followed, Tony met DJ’s eyes in the rearview mirror.  DJ smiled, a game, struggling smile, but a smile nonetheless.  Tony smiled back.  “You okay?” he mouthed.
“Magic.  Fucking-” His mouth worked, desperate to spit out the words that clogged his throat.  “Magic.  Always magic, this thing that you do, incomprehensible, nonsensical, it’s just-” He pressed a hand to his head, which was throbbing now.  “I’d ban you all, I just want it gone, I want it OUT.  Get out of my tower, get out of my LIFE, just get OUT.”
“I bet I could do it,” Steve said, following him.  The coffee pot was half full when they walked in, and Sam opened a cabinet, pulling out a couple of mugs.  Steve set the box down on the table.  “I thought we were doing gift exchange on Christmas.”
Steve paused in the act of reaching for his water glass. He'd been sure he'd be safe to get something to drink; Victor and Morrison had been debating constitutional law. But Morrison, keen to keep from admitting defeat, had turned out to be a master of turning the conversation on his head at a moment's notice.
She went on tiptoe to brush a kiss against his cheek.  “Tomorrow, we've got your last fitting for your suit, you'd better show up, or you get to wear something held together with pins and tape.”
Franklin gave a half shrug.  “Okay,” he said.  He glanced back over his shoulder, his face tense as he watched his mother hand the car keys to Johnny.  Only after she slipped into the lobby did he seem to relax.
“I think it was something like, ‘it’s cool in the daytime and warm at night and it’s just the right size for me,’” Shuri said, and Bucky buried his face in his folded arms.  Shuri grinned at him. “And my brother looks at him, and looks at the hut, and he’s covered in half-dry clay, and a goat is screaming at him, and we’ve sent about a third of an army out here, one and two at a time, trying to dislodge him, and-”
“Chimney’s been swept,” Danvers said, giving the front door a bump with one hip and shoving it open.  “The Council was afraid that a traveler would take advantage of the relative safety during a storm, and if it wasn’t, we could have a fire on our hands.”
Steve went still. Jan's eyes pinned him in place with a glare that could've flash frozen ice. He cleared his throat. “Well, when you put it that way, it seems like a really stupid plan,” he managed.
“Some drunk,” someone called, and Steve’s teeth locked.  The last thing he needed was a civilian getting in the middle of this.  And yet, it would seem that was exactly what he was about to get.  “What should we-”
“We’ll get you better shoes, and the cufflinks-” Tony started, and Harris gripped the back of a chair, leaning forward.
“I liked a fella, Bucky didn't, Bucky showed up at a party in his tightest leather pants, kissed him, and then broke his nose,” Steve said.
“The New York Post says I can’t,” Steve said, his thumb smoothing over the cold glass of the bottle.
The boy took a step back, and Tony let him go.  “The money you gave Billy.  He gave it to Mr. Bundles, the laundry man?  He paid him to bring me out here.” He gave Tony a nervous look, his feet shuffling against the grass as he tried to put a little more distance between them.  “But they wouldn’t let me in the front gate, I had to climb the wall.”
The seats on Tony’s old private jet had been chosen to be as comfortable as possible, with buttery soft leather, full recline and a massage feature that had been known to calm even the most nervous of fliers.  Despite that, Tony barely paused halfway up the aisle to throw his bag  in the general direction of one of them before plodding the towards the rear of the jet.
"NYNN just announced that they're going live with a round table discussion with Steve and a panel of journalists."
“It means we go through everything, step by step, line by line.  We check every little piece, every wire, every place where things could slip.  No matter how deep, how hidden.”  He glanced at DJ.  DJ stared back, his breathing still coming in slow, ragged bursts.  Tony reached out, tapping him on the nose.  “So we stop.  Stop everything.”
“Ah.”  Agatha nodded.  “Then, you’re asking how I could mistake you for her?  When you lack the strength that she possesses?”
Tony leaned over, pressing a kiss to Pepper's knuckles.  “I'm never dancing with you again,” he said, his breathing ragged.  “You're a menace.”
Tony pointed a finger in his direction.  "It's unnatural." Steve cupped a hand over his mouth, and Tony leaned in.  "Are you laughing at me, Rogers?"
"Oh, God, does he have you fooled," Tony said.  He executed a complicated piece of footwork, not because it was necessary, or even a good match for the music, but just to stymie Rogers.  To his surprise, Rogers followed him this time, his own steps a bit off beat and a bit forced, but just as game.
He took a step away from the sideboard, his hands locked on his cap again.  “Uh, that is to say, it’s-”  He blinked up at Steve, his face pale.  “Three.  Three, sir.  All sisters.”
“And you're going to put on a pair of nice slacks and a jaunty sweater and you're going to come downstairs,” Pepper said.  “Because the Avengers party is tomorrow, and you've already had dinner, and the only thing left is to sit in the rec room while Clint and Rhodey mock Rudolph, and you despise that-”
Harris handed him the con guide as he came up next to him.  “I was gone for less than five minutes, I barely left your line of sight, and you manage to complicate things,” he said, keeping a wary eye on the various Stevens and Stephens.  “How do you do this?”
Furbro appeared around the edge of the stairs, his tail swishing as he considered them.  Tony held out a hand, and the cat wandered over, rubbing delicately against his fingers.  “This wasn’t what I planned,” he said, his scratching Furbro under the chin.  “None of this was what I planned, Steve.”
The trip was mercifully short, barely a minute later, the boy was opening a door, letting Tony slide in.  “Can I get you anything else?” he asked.
“Yes, you’re clearly a well adjusted young man who has caused absolutely no problem for this household,” Tony groused.  “Just, you know, eating your weight in pastry daily and destroying my orchards-”
“There's an herbal blend in the cabinet,” Steve said, ignoring Tony entirely.  Tony hissed at him, and Steve tugged the blanket up over his head like a hood.  “It's good.  I got it from Strange's Van of Sketchiness.”
"Lies.  I'm a menace to myself and others," Tony said, pressing his hands to his eyes.  But Steve could hear the smile in his voice.  It was comforting.  "I merely get more charming as I get more inebriated."
It all happened so fast that the alarms didn’t even have time to start blaring until it was all over.  For a split second, there was silence.  Shocked, confused silence.  And then the alarms went off, every one of them, all at once, nearly loud enough to drown out the sound of what was probably a hundred guns being drawn all at once.
"Oh, you're sure of that?" Bobbi grinned at her.  "Save me some pancakes, I'll go pry him loose from his beakers.”  She snagged a piece of toast from the platter on her way to the stairs, her hips swaying with every step.  “Morning, Mr. Stark.”
“I am not,” Rhodey agreed.  He lead the way back through the penthouse to the kitchen, Steve following close behind him.  “I mean, he’s got enough coffee here to stave off sleep for a decade or so, but if you’d like to eat something, your choices are frozen canapes, cans of nuts and bags of pretzels.”
“I've been making you nuts?” Tony asked, incredulous, because Steve's hands were on his waist now, smoothing up to cradle his ribs, then down to the small of his back, tugging him close. “You're the one who suddenly decided it was acceptable to walk around in a towel.”
“Evicted right before Christmas,” Phil said, and Tony decided that he really didn't like the man.  “However will I cope?”
Clint dipped a finger in the jam jar, ignoring Bobbi's attempts to fend him off.  “Still.  They've been mad for months.  Hasn't changed a thing about how the boss has been handling it.”
“Two things,” Tony said, licking his straw.  “One?  I’m right.  And two?  If they’re taking offense then they were doing something offensive.” He spread his hands.  “How is that my fucking problem?”
“Good to know,” Tony said.  “I-”  He stabbed a finger in Phil's direction.  “Out.  Out of my house.”
And a single girl, sitting next to the window, a paper cup in one hand and a big, goofy robot plush toy balanced on her knees.  Her head swung in Harris’ direction, her dark hair sliding over one shoulder as she blinked at him, her expression quizzical.
“And eat dinner first,” DJ said.  He pushed the untouched cup of soup away, and stood up.  He smiled at Harris.  “It’s Taco night.”
Tony considered him, his head spinning, his stomach churning.  The phone was in front of him, too far out of reach.  The door t the main hallway was behind Obie, and the door to the servant’s stairs was behind him.  Even with the desk as an obstacle, he knew he couldn’t move fast enough to get there before Obie caught up to him.  Or simply shot him in the back.
Steve smiled, his breath coming a little too hard, a little too fast.  “I did.  Twice, actually.”  Tony’s face was flushed, his pupils big and dark. “I think it’s your turn.”
Clint blinked.  “What?”  He leaned, peering under the blanket that flopped over DJ's forehead. “Star Wars?”
That earned him a flap of her apron.  "The good lord'll get you for lying, see that he don't."  She smiled at him, her eyes squinting against the gloom.  "You have enough t' eat?  I can send Sean up with some bread, if you've not got any."
Tony reached in, and ripped a circuit board loose, sending a shower of sparks across the concrete floor.  Luke jerked backwards, his eyes wide, and Tony grinned in his direction.  “We're good,” he said, pushing himself to his feet.
“Trust me, my darling, I know that-” Strange tried, and that was as far as he got before Clea swept a hand through the air, stepping into the gesture, and in an instant, she was gone.  Above them, the trees shuddered, leaves clattering against each other, despite the lack of a breeze.
“As oblivious as Hank can be at times, I think someone will take great delight in letting him know,” Tony said.  He leaned forward, bumping his forehead against hers, something they’d done since childhood.  “You’re a menace, Van Dyne, but I know your tricks far too well.”
DJ nodded, and Thor's face split in a grin.  “Ah, I am most pleased that it meets with your approval.”  With a flick of his wrist, he tossed it to DJ, who reached out, his fingers snatching it from mid-air.  “My brother and I spent many a summer afternoon playing catch in the fields by our house.”  He pushed himself to his feet.  “It is one of my favorite memories.”
DJ rolled over, making a displeased sound under his breath, and Jarvis drew himself up, wrapping his dignity around him like another layer of clothing.  “This is not a place for sleeping,” he said, his voice stern, and DJ opened one eye, peering up at Jarvis.  Jarvis gave him a stern look.  “Up we go, young man.”
“What?” Bucky repeated, shrugging.  “She was hungry!  What do you think I’m gonna do, turn her away?”
“His ears go pink at the slightest provocation,” Tony mused.  His head tipped to the side, his fertile brain coming up with a few rather racy images about just how he could make the good officer turn beet red.  “How far down do you suppose it goes? Because his neck gets all-”
“I mean, I need cheesecake, and I thought you liked me, so…” Tony headed for the fridge.  “Have you been sitting there since I left?  Because that’s sad, Steve.  Speaking as someone who spent half the day trying not to punch my head of marketing, that’s sad.”
“Down in the laundry yard,” he said, his voice rising on the last word, making it sound like a question.  “Checking on the-” His eyes flicked towards Steve, and away again.  “Taking in the work,” he finished.  Steve kept his head down, knowing a lie when he heard one, and a bad liar was even easier to pick out.
Steve stared down at her, confusion giving way to something far, far worse.  Because he was stupid.  He was so stupid.  Someone on the team.
How long since they’d come?  How long since they’d left?  How long had Phil had known what was happening?  How long did they have?  All the questions, condensed down to the essentials, because he knew Phil and Phil knew him and Clint had depended on that fact more times than he could remember.  When there were no words and no time and nothing else to depend on, Phil was always there.
“This is the sixth,” the blonde said.  He sounded very tired. “I’m getting really sick of weird looks from cabbies, honestly.”
DJ looked at Franklin, who was scowling at his sister's back.  DJ set his screwdriver down and pointed at Val.  Franklin dragged his legs in, the movement awkward and unsteady, and pushed himself to his feet.  “Sorry, Val,” he said.
She gave a quick nod.  “Yes.  Me.”  She pulled a folded piece of paper from her jacket pocket, presenting it to Tony with a flick of her fingers.
Jarvis took it from him, his gloved fingers slipping the ball from him before Tony even realized he had moved.  Tony stared at his empty fingers.  He looked at Jarvis, who slipped the ball bearing into the pocket of his coat, giving it a firm pat.  "It is lunchtime, sir," he said, and there was amusement in his voice.  "And we have a guest, so we will be taking lunch on the patio today."
He dropped his presents directly in front of the tree.  They were the biggest and most impressive, after all.  “It's that weird little elf who wants to be a dentist.”
Tony was standing in front of the hearth, a few pages held in one hand.  Jarvis was standing by the vestibule, his back ramrod straight, his face expressionless.
It took far longer than he'd expected to wrestle Tony into his coat, and it wasn't even because he was resisting.  Instead, he seemed almost unresponsive, staring blankly at the far wall as Steve managed to shove his arms into his coat.  By the time they stepped out into the cold night air, they were as prepared as Steve could get him.
“He went straight into his office, barely a word to anyone, didn’t even seem to notice the mess you made of his door,” Billy said. He rubbed the back of his neck.  “And considering he’s spent hours screaming about a cracked window or some scraped paint, that was…  Worrying.  I did what you said, and sent the rest of the boys down to the church yard.  The Father wasn’t particularly pleased to see them, but he didn’t put up much of a fight.”  He gave Steve a look.  “Wouldn’t want to be in your shoes when it comes time to collect the lot of them, though.”
Harris’ crown was closer to a circlet, twisted silver wire and drop crystals.  Before Tony could say anything, he hustled past, his head down.  “Shut up.”
Bruce looked at Steve, who shrugged, helpless.  Bruce took a deep breath.  “Yes,” he said, with unexpected firmness.  “I would.”  He strode into the kitchen, his shoulders squared.  “Or, you know, a plant?  Plants…” He blinked rapidly behind the lenses of his glasses.  “A plant would be nice.”
Steve had never envied a teenager as much in his life.  Partially for the pure joy on the kid's face, the complete embracing of who he was and what that meant, and partially because he could kiss Tony so easily, without even thinking about it.  Without having to consider what that meant, what Tony would think it meant.
Tony was still talking as he continued up the stairs, but Steve couldn’t hear him anymore, a strange sort of ringing in his ears drowning everything else out.  He crossed to the fireplace, crouching down to retrieve his orders.  Ash clung to the page, and to his fingers, and no matter how much he wiped at it, streaks of black marred the paper.
“We built his playroom out back,” Tony explained.  He boosted himself onto the a stool, bracing his elbows on the workbench.  He looked exhausted, but he was smiling anyway.  “He's fine.”
“'Marks' Standard Handbook for Mechanical Engineers,'” Tony said without missing a beat.  Steve stared at him.  Tony grinned.  “It's a classic,” he explained.
Obie waved him off.  “Yes.  That would be important.”  He considered Tony over the top of his glass.  “Did you finish the repairs to the smokehouse?”
There was a delicate pause.  “Sir is in the kitchen of the penthouse,” Jarvis said at last. “Perhaps you would be willing to check on him?”
Steve grinned, warmth curling through him.  He should pull away.  He knew it.  But they were far from home, and, despite what they were wearing, no one was paying any attention to them.  Probably because there were people wearing things that were far more eye catching.  A man in what appeared to be a collection of mismatched leather pieces and two different feather boas passed by, going in the other direction, and Steve caught himself laughing, bright and real, at nothing in particular.
“That is a lie and you know it, and marrying a childhood friend is not a way to get his attention,” Tony said.  “Go home and drag him away from his laboratory before you try to have a discussion with him, because you know he can’t be trusted if there’s a bunsen burner in reach.”
Tony took the cup back.  “Not drunk,” he said, his tone arch.  “Just comfortably relaxed.”  A pack of dancing women went by, signs decorated with peacock plumes held high, and beyond them, Tony spotted a battered panel van with a fryer set up by its back bumper.   Elated, Tony made a sharp right, drawn by the promise of something desperately unhealthy.
“Do I?”  She shook her head.  “Glad to know that my mask is holding.  Because I'm glad.  I'm glad that even though Franklin is a mutant, I'm glad that he looks...”  Her mouth worked for a second, then she spat the word out, venomous and sharp.  “Normal.  He's white and male and from a family that can protect him, he's a mutant that won the genetic lottery, Steve.  He's middle class and whatever he can do, whatever his powers end up being, they're controllable.  He's not a visible threat, he's not a visible problem, he's a good, attractive, white boy from a family with money.”
The lights dimmed, and the TV flickered to life, music swelling.  Steve paused, his chopsticks halfway to his mouth  “Is this…  Is this the muppets version?” he asked, his voice quiet.
Images from this morning flashed within his mind. The care Rogers took in handling him during a panic attack, the wall of heat pressed up against him, urging him to breathe.
Tony practically threw his groceries into their designated places in the pantry and fridge before pulling out his cell phone and starfishing onto the bed. The ringer on the other line only sounded twice before she picked up. “Hello?”
Both she and Bucky raised their eyebrows in surprise, then looked at each other as if Steve had gone crazy. He shrugged, a small smirk dancing across his lips. “What? I have a soft spot for kids. Come on.”
Tony’s laughter was airy and happy, and he tugged more incessantly. “Come on, Cap, get your ass up and out of bed. I want to you to be the first person to see my final project!”
Tony wasn’t sure he would ever be ready. How awkward would it be to be forced to shake a small army of assassin’s hands while trying not to wet himself? And what would happen if one of them didn’t like Tony? Clint seemed okay, but if someone decided he would be a risk to the business, would they kill him behind Rogers’ back?
But, alas, he just wouldn’t give it up. “You have to tell the man your damn name. You’ve been going out for what, four months now? He’s your boyfriend. You
But...what if they weren’t? What if they came after him again, but this time it was for revenge? What if whoever sent them decided they wanted to finish the job off themselves? What if...what if…
Bucky grunted, “a location.” Steve’s eyes snapped up to meet his, determined and furious. “Nat and Clint were able to find his route, and I crossed checked it with known Hydra bases. There’s only one that lines up with both, Stevie.”
Through sheer force of will, Steve pulled back and touched his forehead to Tony’s, stilling his hands as they fumbled with Steve’s belt. Tony whined at the loss, mouth chasing after Steve’s.
Steve’s fingers tightened into fist, and he was barely fighting the urge to send it flying through a wall. Someone had seen him and Tony
Pepper lit up, clutching her hands together. “Such a gentleman. Please make sure Tony remembers every single detail about your date so that I can live vicariously through him. Have fun!”
He answered the door, and was immediately met with Steve’s lips on his. Tony gasped at the intrusion, but was quick to melt into the kiss. This was how it always was with them, straight heat and fireworks sizzling at every inch of where their bodies connected. He wasn’t sure how he had survived this long without this. Without Steve. After a few more seconds, Steve caressed the spot where his hands were cupping Tony’s face and he pulled back. “Hi, sweetheart. Did you have a good day?”
Pepper scurried around the corner, socks slipping on the hardwood floors. “Tony!” She had an open bottle of wine in her hands and a brilliant smile on her face. “How did it go? Tell me literally everything. Are you going to see each other again? Was he nice? Did you kiss him? Please tell me you kissed him!”
“They had a police escort from MIT’s campus,” She explained with a severe frown. “Which was how the police and the reporters knew who the victims were so quickly.” Natasha reached out to grip Steve’s arm. “Cap, Obadiah Stane was
He snorted again, but this time it was more self-degrading than anything. “Is that a trick question? You’ve met me, Pep. You and Rhodey are the only ones who can even stand to be around me. Plus, there’s the whole, I’m completely broke, thing. Oh, and to top it all off, my dad is one of the biggest War Profiteers in the country. Mainly because of
Zemo screamed, writhing in the Soldier’s grasp, tears spilling from the corners of his eyes and pleas falling from his lips. “Please!
fault Hydra had their hands on such high-grade weapons in the first place. In New York, they had somehow gotten acquainted with SI weaponry, and about half of them had been his designs from his early teenage years.
Steve reached over and gave his shoulder a light shove. “Don’t go makin’ fun while I’m trying to compliment you.”
“Tony, go back to the house.” The scientist complained with a groan. “The bar won’t even close for another three hours, and you’ve done all that you can do. I’ve got it from here.”
And then probably jerk off to the memories of Rogers’ body pressed so completely against his own. But that was beside the point.
to get out from underneath his father’s thumb, and now they were forcing him back under. A life where they abused him, physically and emotionally, stole his ideas, and tricked him into building weapons for terrorists. If everything Obie and his father were saying was true, then everything Tony had done simply for
“Oh, I like you.” She decided, coming over and joining him on the bed, her back against the wall and shoulder touching Tony’s. “I’m going to keep you.”
Thoughts? Feelings? I'd love to hear how this chapter came across. Your encouragement is paramount to me finishing this fic off strong. Still estimating this fic will be about 9-10 chapters long.
Clint clicked his tongue in annoyance. “We’re fine, Doc. We’ve got two of Zemo’s victims here, and they need medical attention.”
“You are absolutely no fun.” Tony pouted as he rolled his eyes, before shooting Peter a grin. “Alright, Underoos, what have you got for me? Has the engineering department completely fallen apart without me?”
He blinked, suddenly clear-headed for the first time since seeing his father and Obie. “I-you’re right. I need to get my head in the game.” Oh god, now he was quoting High School Musical? How much did that sudden meeting fuck him up?
The file before him outlined Zemo’s involvement in a few minor gangs throughout the States, his busts from simple drug charges and assault and battery at strip clubs. More recently, Zemo looked to have gotten mixed up in a group that called themselves “The Masters of Evil,” which was the stupidest fucking name Steve had ever heard. But according to the file, they certainly lived up to their name. Zemo’s group specialized in human trafficking, and they weren’t picky on age or gender. The pictures included between the sheets made his stomach twist, and he had to flip through them quickly to stave off his temper.
Tony’s eyes widened, suddenly worried that the General’s people would find Bruce and take him away. The two Avengers must have understood the look on his face, because they shot comforting smiles his way. Client clapped a careful hand on his shoulder. “Don’t worry, Tony. I spotted them from miles away, and Cap somehow threw off their trail and sent them down to Kentucky. Still don’t know how he did it.”
“Don’t say shit like that, Buck. It’s just asking for the universe to prove you wrong.” He followed his not-so-superstitious best friend outside with his mask tucked away inside his pocket and started north. Ten minutes later, they met an anxious looking Natasha leaning up against a brick wall next to an alleyway, and Steve scowled at her.
Before either man could snap back at him, Thor hauled him off and around the side of the Liberal Arts building and propped him up against the grey stone. His words might have felt good to finally get off his chest, but all Tony wanted to do was upheave his breakfast right then and there on the sidewalk. Hot tears pricked at the corners of his eyes, and his pants came in quicker and sharper. Any life he’d dreamt up for his future, a clean energy empire, a small but intimate ceremony with Steve, adopting a girl and watching her play in the park with all of her aunts and uncles...all of it was slipping through his fingers like sand, the tears he couldn’t hold back crushing them into the ground.
Steve and Bucky looked at each other with furrowed brows, then returned their gaze to Natasha. She rushed over to the passenger side and held out her phone. “Howard and Maria Stark were just killed in a car bombing thirty miles east”
After all, the only time Tony had gotten a real reaction out of the mob boss, whether it be desire or anger, was when he flaunted his body, dangling it right in front of Rogers and then snatching it away, and yet he still hadn’t attempted to take what was not offered. His safety was one variable Tony couldn’t risk leaving to chance, he had to know.
His father turned towards him with a pleased grin, settling his hand on Steve’s bicep. “That’s my boy. I knew you would do well in this role.”
A lump caught in his throat. What if...what if his friends didn’t even realize anything was wrong? What if they thought he just jumped ship without telling any of them? If that were the case, Tony certainly couldn’t blame them, but his eyes stung at the thought nonetheless.
107th in large black gothic font stood out along his left pec, with the background of an army helicopter. The tip of one of the blades hooked into another tattoo on his shoulder, a black mass of wings. Tony swallowed past a sudden lump in his throat and crawled away from Rogers. He didn’t know if the tattoos meant that his kidnapper had been in the army, or if someone he loved was. If he already had his life planned out for him, always knowing that he would take over as the Captain of the Howling Commandos, why would Rogers have left to join up?
Tony swallowed and looked down, giving a little nod to show that he understood. He heard what Bucky was telling him, he did, but Tony didn’t think there was any practicality to it. He would
He peeked up at that hesitantly, cheek still pressed against his best friend’s stomach. “You won’t...leave me?”
He nodded silently, stewing on the frustration that had built up over the past few days. Yes, Tony understood, probably better than anyone. He would be careful when addressing Rogers from here on out, if only to keep his friends safe.
It only took him about ten minutes to get to the store, hands stuffed into his pockets as he shifted from walking, lightly jogging, to a weird half-step that he didn’t even know where it came from. Tony decided to forgo a cart for one of the baskets and began roaming the isles, throwing in ten bags of flavored ramen, a massive container of Folgers, and a few frozen meals and pizzas before stopping in the cereal aisle to contemplate his choice between Honey Nut O’s and Fruity Floats.
So when he was given a time frame, no matter how short or long it might be, a countdown clock would nestle itself into the corners of his mind, providing an endless supply of numbers flashing behind his lids every time he closed his eyes.
Steve almost asked who the hell Tony was talking to, but was interrupted by a computerized voice with a british accent.
He would be accompanied by Bucky, Nat, Clint, and Sam, leaving their two potential new recruits, Wanda and Pietro, back at the warehouse and Bruce at the hospital with Thor. He’d woken up, thank god, with only a minor concussion, but he was in no shape to join them in the raid.
He could see the moment Rogers caught onto the cruel scheme, because his lips twisted downwards into a confused frown. Tony slipped underneath the mob boss’ arm, careful to keep eye contact until he turned away.
A heaviness settled over Tony’s eyes, and he had the feeling that he should probably be bothered by the Avengers’ take on his relationship with Steve. However, the more he thought about it, the safer he felt. He
He chuckled, “Oh, trust me, I fully intend on joining your little fight club, Widow. Just wait until you see the plans I have for you…”
Steve’s brow furrowed, and he sat up so that his back was leaning against the wall. He ran his nails softly along Tony’s back. “Feel what, sweetheart?”
“Where the hell is everybody?” Bucky asked roughly. The pair stepped through the bay doors to reveal an empty warehouse where their team was supposed to be gathered.
“How about you focus on something else until you figure it out, huh?” He suggested. Bucky reached into his pocket, pulling out Tony’s phone before tossing it onto the couch. “You told me to hold onto that.”
for messing with me!” He shouted in frustration and brought his fist down onto the table, making it vibrate against Tony’s bound legs.
The signal wasn’t too far away, and the Avengers were currently gearing up to break into the foreclosed home Stane had settled into.
Tony Stark, genius, former and future billionaire, and the greatest weapons designer in the fucking world. The world wasn’t ready to know that though, and he hadn’t been planning on getting back into the game. But of course, fucking Hydra had to go and ruin everything. They had to go and ram a car into him, causing the glass to shred the muscles in his chest apart, and threaten thousands of innocent lives.
And now Bucky was telling him that the rival gang was resurfacing. Steve took two calming breaths, forcing down his desired immediate reaction of putting his fist through a wall, instead wanting to wait to take out his frustration on the Hydra scum, and set his jaw. “Take me to him.”
.” Steve insisted, his voice suddenly harsh and unrelenting. “It was not your fault that you got kidnapped, Tony.
“Can we get this show on the road?” Bucky complained, throwing an arm around Tony’s shoulders. “I’m ready to give Zemo what he’s got coming to him.”
Judging by the digital clock inside of the black Porsche Macan, they’d been in the car for about an hour and a half so far. Tony had been trying to figure out their location by the scenery, but he’d really only been able to confirm that they were indeed in the Northeastern portion of the United States as Clint said. The sun was powerful in the summer sky, beating harsh rays of sunlight over the forests of maple trees separated by rippling bodies of water. Rogers took up the space next to Tony while Clint sat up front with the driver, a man Rogers introduced as Sam, otherwise known as Falcon.
Happy Monday! For those of you who've subscribed to this story, 1) THANK YOU! and 2) Sorry for all of the notifications this morning, there were a few minor clean-ups in previous chapters I wanted to make.
Steve glared at him in annoyance, but Tony just glared right back. Staring contests were his niche. Finally, his boyfriend just sighed in defeat and rolled his eyes. “Fine.
“And it would have worked, too!” Stane snapped. “If you hadn’t somehow managed to dig your greedy little claws into the Avengers. I don’t know how you did it, boy, but you got them to trust you.” His boisterous indignation simmered down so that it shook beneath the surface, and he stalked over to the corner behind Tony and brought out a medical bag, setting it onto the metal table beside a loaded glock.
Steve rolled his eyes, looking positively delicious, and suddenly Tony was desperate to receive a clean bill of health. “You want to know what I think? I think we need to get you the hell out of this house.”
Tony nodded, he remembered. Bucky didn’t want him to let the ghosts of his past dictate his future, but Tony hadn’t wanted to let his anger and resentment go. But now, knowing what all of the shit he’s had to endure would lead to? A family in the Avengers, true friends like Pepper and Rhodey, and the love of his life? Maybe the soldier had a point. He could still get revenge without letting it consume him.
“Tony!” Steve hissed, pinning the young genius’ hands down at his sides so he couldn’t hurt himself anymore. “Wake up, sweetheart! It’s just a nightmare!”
The shower helped calm the frayed nerves that had been stretched thin over the past few days. It had been nothing short of a roller coaster of emotions, and Tony was looking forward to not being dragged in every which direction. He could relax and have his favorite meal, just for tonight, right? Then deal with...everything else tomorrow.
The man in question appeared at his side, staring out at the coastline with a wistful expression, giving Steve everything he needed to know about how the meeting went. “Assholes.”
Steve closed his own eyes, jaw locked tight with barely controlled fury. He reached his free hand into his pocket and pressed the phone to his ear. It only rang once before Bucky answered.
“Not you.” Steve rolled his eyes. “His helper bot, DUM-E. Tony made him a few years ago along with another robot, U, that’s already at the lab. Speaking of which, I need someone to call Peter Parker, one of Tony’s students. The school knows he’s on medical leave for now, but Peter can pick up any work he’s missed and bring it to our place. Plus, I think Tony will be happy to see him.”
die here tonight, and I have every intention of making your death as excruciatingly painful as possible. You’ve done many evil things over the years, but hurting the ones I love the most is simply unforgivable.”
His boyfriend split his time between the Avengers warehouse and MIT’s engineering lab. Someone was always with him, whether he was collaborating with Bruce, or throwing ideas back and forth with the others on exactly what they would want in their weapons. At the MIT lab, Clint or Steve often accompanied him, and they’d spent a lot of time with Peter, who they’d become particularly attached to, and Harley, the new transfer student who Tony had taken under his wing.
“There’s no fucking way,” Tony hissed. “How the fuck am I a Slytherin and my kidnapper is a Gryffindor? And why do you need this so bad? What happens if they find out your name?”
And then Tony, his sweet, genius, hurt Tony, had given him the tools to do just that. It was dangerous, but the panicked look in his eyes told Steve that the decision wasn’t negotiable. Natasha and Clint had cleared the street of any pedestrians and innocent bystanders, and Sam and detailed the quickest escape route for them while Bruce readied the van.
Bucky frowned again, leaning forward with his elbows resting on his knees. “Since when do you keep secrets, Stevie?”
He waved a polite goodbye to the committee and slung on his backpack. Tony squared his shoulders, ready to meet Steve, who was sure to be waiting outside by now, and stepped out into the hallway. As he walked past the bathrooms, the faint observation that the building was suspiciously empty flitting across the back of his mind,, a hand reached out behind him, forcing a rag into his mouth and over his nose.
Under the cover of night, the backyard was even more stunning with hanging lights engulfing every tree and surrounding the deck of the compound. A long table filled to the brim with delicious looking food and lit candles stood next to the pool. Rogers was already seated with one elbow on the arm of his chair, bright eyes following Tony’s every move. He was in his same black outfit from earlier, the top of his collared shirt still popped open from Tony’s teasing in the dressing room.
Natasha sighed, resting her own head atop of Tony’s. “I thought that was going to be it, the end of the line. But he asked us to explain ourselves, gave us a chance, and when we gave him a bullshit answer at first, he shot Clint right in the thigh. Straight through my hip”
Steve let out a strangled cough, cheeks flushing as he frowned down at his boyfriend. Pepper and Rhodes each covered their laughter decently well, but not well enough to avoid a disapproving glare from the blonde. “There definitely won’t be any of that, anytime soon, Tony.” He couldn’t find it in him to really be upset though, considering that Tony was feeling well enough to joke about their sex life.
Greer’s chin dipped in a slight, resigned sort of nod.  “Sounds like me.” She stretched with a yawn, her hair flopping back in front of her face.  “What time is it?”
“Like I got hit by a car.” He joked, or at least, thought he was joking until he watched Steve stiffen, and remembered. “Oh fuck, I can’t believe I haven’t asked this yet.” Tony pushed up to his elbows, eyes furrowed in panic. “Are Sam and Bruce okay?
Bucky shifted in his seat, downing the rest of his beer. “His ma called, Stevie. Wanted to know who the hell I was, and where her son was. I told her that Tony had been in an accident and that he was resting. She wants to see him.”
And that same instinct was now practically flooding his ears as it screamed at him to run after Tony. It screamed ‘
Then Tony blinked in confusion and looked to Rogers for an explanation. “I formed the Avengers about a year after I took over as Captain of the Commandos. I needed a personal team around me here while I sent my father’s team to handle our business south.”
As irritating as this argument was, he had to admit that Rogers had a point. Life had not been kind to Tony, and he had to take the hand he’d been dealt as a child and find a way to turn it around on the house. With the help of Jarvis, and then his friends later, he’d done just that. Tony survived a loveless childhood and came out on top with his chosen family, along with a successful company.
Steve was silent for a minute, his gaze coming back to rest on Tony’s sleeping form. “I have a lead to follow up on. Hydra kidnapped Tony because they wanted him to make weapons…” he took a deep breath, “which means that someone at SI who knew that he’s the real genius behind the designs set it up. Someone who he’s close to.”
Steve swallowed, and watched Tony’s eyes follow the movement. The atmosphere suddenly switched from fun and lighthearted to...
Last chapter should be up soon, I hope you've enjoyed this story so far. I'd love to hear your thoughts!
Tony’s eyes narrowed. He didn’t understand, not completely, and it was bugging the shit out of him. “What…?”
Steve pulled out a thick piece of cloth from his pouch and stretched it over Stane’s mouth, forcing it between his teeth and tying it off sharply. “You’re going to want to scream, and I can’t have anyone interrupting us.”
The older man gave him a soft smile, dissipating his fears. “I was in the army. The 107th.” He said by way of explanation. “It’s sort of my prerogative to notice things.”
“I’m okay, I’m okay.” He reassured, melting against the hands that flitted over his face, arms, and chest to check for any obvious injuries. “Cap, seriously, I’m good.” Tony soaked in the comfort of his boyfriend’s closeness and grasped Steve’s jaw. “It’s
He held up the bag that contained a box of Fruity Pebbles. “I went to the store. We finished off the last box a few days ago.”
“Why does that interest me?” Steve asked, not wanting to be bothered with low level mules right now.
Hands carded through his hair, sending tiny shards of glass from the car’s windows sprinkling out onto the concrete floor. “I know it does, Mr. Stark. We have a doctor en route. He will help with your...injuries...and then you will help us.”
He barely had time to catch Tony before he flung himself into Steve’s arms, clinging to his shoulders and burying his face into the crook of Steve’s neck. “God, I love you. How-how did I even find someone like you?”
Tony’s eyes snapped towards the floor and he held out the five dollar bill with a shaky hand. The least he could do was try to pay his knight in shining armor back. Instead of taking it though, the man lightly grabbed Tony’s covered forearm and led him out of the growing line and towards an empty table. “Sit. And keep your money.”
Thanks for reading so far. I'd love to hear what you think of this story. It encourages me to finish strong!
He coughed again, pain shooting across his chest. It was impossible to focus on anything else now, the pain was too much. “It...hurts.” He wheezed.
He obeyed silently, fiddling uncomfortably with a stray piece of circuitry he left in the pocket of his hoodie while the man disappeared. He returned a few seconds later, sitting down and pushing the coffee and both blueberry muffins in front of Tony. “Eat.”
Steve snapped his head towards Bucky, who nodded and took off into the engineering building. Steve brought his attention back to Harley. “What can you tell me about the man who was running away?”
“I know, Steve.” Tony brought their lips together sweetly, careful not to take too much before he had to leave for dinner. “I believe you.”
The potential relief from the pain seemed to be enough to get Bucky down from his oversensitivity, and he gruffed out his acceptance. Tony breathed out a sigh of satisfaction and walked back over to the cart, where a blanket was covering the last piece of material. He looked over at Steve and couldn’t help the nervous smile that danced across his lips. “And, last but not least, our dear Captain needs something special.” Steve stood up and walked over to the front of the room, eyes dancing with excitement.
He nodded against her shoulder, eyes not quite focusing on anything around the room as she spoke. Rhodey was his person.
Tony couldn’t help it, he flinched back hard as if he’d been slapped, and he heard a surprised grunt come from Thor as well. “What? I’m not going back there!” He argued hotly, ignoring the nails digging into his shoulder.
.” Tony could feel the light bruises forming with each lap of Steve’s tongue and scrape of teeth, and his back arched at the thought of finally being marked up again. It had been too damn long since anyone walking along the streets could identify him as
Steve turned on his heel to face his best friend. From the way Tony’s entire demeanor changed and shut down
For a moment, he saw Bucky’s face, screaming at him in muffled tones, as if he was underwater, before it slowly faded away into the man’s face he subconsciously memorized on the beach. Instead of a smirk, a full on smile greeted him, warming Steve at his very core, spreading outwards from his chest towards his extremities. The man’s brunette hair tousled in the breeze, the slight curls framing his tanned face as he closed the distance between the two of them.
However, for those who had the displeasure of watching her tear apart one of Zemo’s warehouse, they might see her almost having...
Rogers shrugged, “Peter is the only one underage anymore, but he’s still going to school in the fall and spring. When the rest graduated, they either chose to head off to university, travel, or join up with my team. I don’t force them into anything, if that’s what you’re really asking.”
The man appeared in his field of vision, sporting a navy blue lab coat and a hideous smile. Someone seriously needed to get this man some braces. “I trust that our good doctor was able to make your injuries bearable? You were in quite a bit of pain there.”
A month later, Steve sat at the large mahogany desk in his office at the warehouse. He’d gotten used to the rock music Tony blasted while he was working, and it actually became a sort of anxiety reliever for him. The music meant that Tony was nearby, happy, and safe. Well, as safe as he could be with the materials he was working with. The others knew better than to complain at this point, and every now and then they would collectively sing along when Highway to Hell burst through the speakers.
Steve blinked, still taking in the sight of his date. The redhead he had been expecting popped around the corner, her hands on Tony’s shoulders as if to calm his nerves. “He’s just a little excited, if you can’t tell.”
Tony jerked awake just in time to make his stop, pushing his way past the throngs of students and passerby’s. The faint stench of dried up whiskey hung in the alley as he climbed the metal staircase to his apartment, bringing back unwanted memories. He forced them down, swallowing down the conditioned fear that accompanied that smell.
Tonight, the Avengers and their friends simply basked in each other’s company. There was nobody knocking down their door for answers, Tony was safe and unharmed in the arms of the man who loved him, and the Godfather was playing on cable.
His chest began to throb, and the pain crawled up his throat until he couldn’t breathe. He couldn’t...he couldn’t…
Natasha and Clint would spend the next few days tracking Zemo and his key members’ movements to develop a pattern. Once it was established, the rest of the Avengers would move in. Steve and Bucky didn’t want to give their old enemy a chance to run away, so they would determine the best point of contact and go after him first. Bucky suggesting recreating the scene from eight years ago, so that Zemo knew exactly who was coming for him.
When Steve knocked on the door the very next night, Tony was in the middle of mussying up his hair on accident. He wasn’t nervous. He
Once he was alone, Tony sighed and took the two pills waiting for him on the bedside table then washed it down with the water Steve left. He still ached, but the pain wasn’t as sharp this morning, and Tony felt pretty good about his chances of walking around without any help.
Either way, Bucky was right. Events in his life had brought him here to Boston, where he met Steve, the man who saved him, loved him, and took care of him. They brought him here to the Avengers, broken people who would die for each other, and for whom he was lucky to call friends. Despite all else, he could be grateful for all of that.
Tony just shook his head, eyes squeezed shut as his lip trembled, and Steve’s heart shattered at the sight. “You don’t
Nevertheless, Pietro kept his torso in front of his sister during the entire interrogation, something Bucky admired about the kid. They told the Avengers about the murder of their parents back in Sokovia, and how they hid behind a fake wall in the closet of their basement. Apparently they were holed up there for days before it was finally safe to flee. They’ve been running ever since. Once they landed in America, they took up odd jobs around the marina and neighborhoods to pay for a shitty apartment. When Zemo’s men put their hands on Wanda, Pietro tried to fight them off, but couldn’t overpower men like that, and so they just took both of them. They’d only been captured two weeks or so before the Avengers rescued them, but neither of the Maximoffs were willing to discuss what they’d endured during that time frame.
She rolled her eyes fondly at him, pulling the spoon from her mouth. “He sounds mouthwatering, Tony. Jim will be jealous, I haven’t heard you gush about a guy since you were living together.”
. The hospital didn’t have any record of Tony coming in when he asked, so his best friend was desperate to get to Bruce and Sam to figure out what the hell happened.
. If they were watching the genius, then it would be ridiculous to assume they had any sort of moral boundaries when it came to turning a blind eye to their activities in the bedroom. “I believe you, Hawkeye. I need to know who is watching Tony, and why.”
Thor felt miserably guilty at letting Stane get the drop on him, but Steve had learned a lot about forgiveness from Tony back when Hydra first got ahold of him. It wasn’t Sam or Bruce’s fault that a few lunatics had crashed into their car, and it wasn’t Thor’s fault that a madman had knocked him upside the head with a brick. If Tony could forgive them, then so could Steve.
“Don’t be stupid,” Clint chided. “If you weren’t half out of your mind when we found you in the Hydra warehouse, you might have seen the look on Cap’s face and
If possible, the man looked even more handsome this evening. He was still sporting the tight grey sweater with the casual jeans and boots, but had switched out his nice navy overcoat for a dark green army jacket. “Funny running into you here.”
about these things before you just decide them. I can’t have someone trying to dictate my life, Steve, assuming that they know what’s best for me. Not again.”
They turned towards one another, lowering their voices so that they wouldn’t be overheard. “What are we supposed to do?”
The fingers in his hair dug a little into his scalp, and Tony moaned in satisfaction. “Thank you for telling me the truth. I can’t imagine that it was easy for you.”
Staring back at him was a shot of the driver of the truck that crashed into Bruce’s car from a witness’ camera. A Hydra tattoo was glaringly visible from a spot near the back of his neck.
“Apparently he’s not a potential target.” Clint explained, perching himself atop the back of Steve’s couch. “But we weren’t supposed to make contact. What happened when you dropped him off?”
Happy Monday y'all! I hope you all had a wonderful weekend, I know I did! I surprised my sister (6 hour road trip...) yesterday, so it was a happy reunion :)
Happy Monday everyone! I hope you had a wonderful weekend, I know I did! I got back from beach where I got a lot of writing done! I've written up to chapter 8 so far (I think this story will have about 16 chapters?) and will continue posting on Mondays until I've finished the story. Once that happens, I'll move to updating twice a week.
Steve caught Tony’s wrist and intertwined their fingers together, rubbing the pad of his thumb across his boyfriend’s callouses. “You’re incredible, Tony. I love you.”
She tightened her hold on her brother’s hand. “They will take us back to Sokovia, and we can’t go back.”
He hoped that they could avoid the whole “Stark” issue as long as possible. Admitting that his father cut him off was embarrassing enough, but admitting to his ex-army date that his family was responsible for the deaths of thousands of people overseas? That was going to be an impossible conversation if they ever came to it. Tony had no interest in taking up the mantle of “The Merchant of Death,” and hoped to never be associated with it again.
Hope y'all enjoyed this! I love Peter more than anything, so his and Tony's relationship is really fun to write. Thank you to everyone who has commented/given kudos/followed this story, it's been really encouraging, and it helps me write faster :)
While he was wading through his feelings on Steve’s seemingly Don Vito Corleone alter-ego, he wanted to get more information on the Avengers.
The only thing stopping him was a sheer mass of warmth outlining the length of the right side of his body. It was unmoving, constant, and Tony slumped against it knowing he was safe.
Tony wanted to protest, and he damn well tried, but his mouth didn’t seem to be connected to his brain anymore. Sam just let out a quiet bark of laughter and pushed off from his chair, tucking Tony’s blankets snug against his sides. “Sleep, Tony. You’ll be on your feet in no time.”
Steve ground his teeth. “I’m not working a job. I’m just keeping an eye out for someone, that’s all.”
Steve spun around, eyes scanning through the spectators before landing on a tall, thin boy with messy sandy blonde hair. As soon as their eyes met, he jumped up in recognition. “Steve?”
for revenge. But the people who did this to Tony were dead, the Avengers had made sure of that, and whoever was responsible for putting him in that situation in the first place would be next. Steve took comfort in that. Outwardly, he simply leaned forward and place soft, featherlike kisses along the discolored scars, careful not to harm him in any way. At the first brush of his lips, Tony tensed slightly, then relaxed with a sigh.
“I know.” Steve whispered somberly, gripping his wrists lightly. “I know, sweetheart. I’m so sorry.”
But we don’t always get what we want. Tony didn’t have any sort of medical background, but even he knew that the damage to his chest would most likely kill him in a few days if he wasn’t treated properly. All Hydra really did watch patch him up and pump him full of drugs. So, if he had the chance to save thousands, and he was going to die anyway, he wasn’t going to throw a perfectly good opportunity away.
You didn’t have to be his best friend to see that Steve loved Tony, but you did if you wanted to understand the
Onto Part II of this fic! This is about 13 years later, so Tony is about 28 and Steve and Bucky are about 29-30ish. Please enjoy!
“Fear of a name increases fear of a thing itself.” Rogers quoted with a smug grin, leaving Tony gaping next to him.
“As you wish, sir. It is currently the 13th of May, with a high of 57 degrees fahrenheit and a wind speed of 6 miles per hour. I would suggest wearing a light jacket if you plan on walking to your daily coffee visit, three blocks away.”
They grinned at one another for a few moments before Tony coughed awkwardly, realizing that he probably held on for way longer than was strictly necessary. “So, what are you doing in Cambridge?”
A frown tugged at the corner of Tony’s lips. “I get the feeling that you didn’t exactly roll over like a good little scientist.”
“Yeah,” Steve smiled, the simple movement lighting up his entire face, and Tony’s chest warmed at the sight. “Together.”
“Since Hydra stepped onto the scene again, jerk.” Bucky followed behind and dropped down onto one of the leather couches. “We don’t know what kind of scale they’re trying to make a comeback on. You need to be careful.”
He managed to shuffle out to the kitchen table without any help, and collapsed into one of the chairs. Bucky glared at him for a few more seconds before scoffing and depositing himself onto the couch in the living room. Peter and Thor took seats on either side of Tony, eyes wide and earnest and ready to learn. He fought the urge to snort at the eager Avenger, but buckled down to walk him through the advanced material in front of them and answer any questions. If Thor really wanted to learn, then who was Tony to deny him?
Clint took off running down the hall, flipping on the lights to reveal eight cells on each side. Men, women, and children of all ages huddled against the gritty back walls, whimpering as they wrapped bare arms around themselves.
Steve was leaning against the wall, observing the room protectively with his arms crossed over his chest, while Rhodes sat next to Tony on the bed and Pepper took the visitor’s chair. He was proud to admit that he didn’t feel any twinge of jealousy over the hands each of them were holding, knowing that Tony needed all the comfort he could get right now.
Thor, on the other hand, was loud and boisterous. He was eager to learn and quick to give praise. They settled into playing a few games of dice and cards when Tony found two sets of each in a cupboard. He detailed his presentation for tomorrow, and let Bruce question him so that he would be fully prepared to defend his AI. After a few hours at the Avengers’ warehouse, it became increasingly apparent that this would be the end of Tony’s mission.
his family, and we aren’t going to hold his past behind him, you hear me? Now, I want you to give me a list of people who would want to hurt Tony Stark, and I want you to do it now!”
Well, he couldn’t argue with that. Bruce sighed, and started the trek towards his destination. “I keep telling you guys that I’m not that kind of doctor...oh, and Clint?”
Wanda’s eyes widened even further in panic, and she took a step after him. “Wait!” Her accent was heavy as her breath came in short pants. “We...we can’t go.”
The next two weeks went on pretty much the same way, with Steve begrudgingly going to class, his friends keeping a close eye on Tony as he recovered and fought off panic attacks and nightmares, and all of them working together to fend off Maria Stark’s phone calls. After sixteen days, he was feeling like his old self, and it was driving everyone else absolutely
Quicker than he could comprehend, a large hand snaked across Tony’s waist and hauled him back towards Steve’s chest before lifting the comforter so that it was covering them both. Tony squirmed a little, but to no avail. There was no escaping his boyfriend’s grip, which was incredibly hot and he filed that information away for later, but the mood had soured. “Steve, forget it. I’m just being paranoid.”
Steve pushed a little harder. “How tall would you say he was? What color hair, if he had hair at all? Did he have anything in his hands?”
A churning wrench in his gut told him no. Rogers seemed to live by a moral code of sorts, a twisted one, yes, but it didn’t allow him to kill unnecessarily. Plus, there was Peter to think of. The older man obviously had a soft spot for the kid and had even taken to raising him after his parents were killed. Anyone who could love a child that wasn’t their own so whole-heartedly couldn’t be all bad, could they?
Tony hummed, drawing out of his lust-filled haze like he was sixteen years old again. “Yeah, missed you though.”
“Excellent.” Tony beamed, pulling out his phone. He pretended to type out a message, but ended up leaving it blank. If Steve wouldn’t tell him what was going on, then Tony wouldn’t tell him where he was going. He was a petty asshole like that. Whatever, Steve knew what he was getting into when they started dating. Tony didn’t think that Steve had really prepared him for the same sentiment to go the other way around, though.
His friends had all come to visit in shifts, bringing him food and coffee. Tony’s friends, Pepper Potts and James Rhodes came to visit as well. Steve was well acquainted with Pepper, and had only met Rhodes twice, but he was pleased that they were there for him. They believed the same story he had told the police, that the Avengers had raided a Hydra base to find Tony, and they delivered him to Steve. Rhodes might have been suspicious, but he and Pepper were too focused on Tony’s recovery to put much thought into it.
“I am perfectly capable of walking two buildings away, big guy.” He tried to explain, walking backwards along the sidewalk. Anyone in his way moved quickly, considering the hulking norse god following in his wake.
Bruce gave Tony a soft smile and fiddled with the USB drive. “Thanks Tony. I’m excited to be working with you on Avengers missions.”
Tony brushed his teeth and pulled back on his jeans, hoping the temperature hadn’t dropped anymore so that the rips in the knees could be ignored. He threw on one of his three MIT sweaters and made sure his favorite beanie was around his ears nice and tight. It wouldn’t do to freeze before he could make some dinner.
“You can touch it, you know.” Tony told him softly. “It’s just like your old one, just more aerodynamically sound and lighter. It will make it easier to throw, and it's got a magnetized return system, in case the ricochet ballistics are off.”
Caramel brown eyes opened an inch, meeting his own blue ones, mist brimming at the edges. He gave a silent nod. In return Steve didn’t say anything, just moved towards Tony’s shirt, making sure to go slow enough for Tony to say no. Thankfully, he raised his arms to help without any further resistance. Steve gingerly lifted the tattered piece of clothing up and off, depositing it on the bathroom floor. He silently tracked his eyes down Tony’s lean form, taking in every scratch, scar, and blemish that marred his beautiful olive-toned skin.
“We didn’t really notice at first, you know? Not until the whole gang came together. He started to sink back into himself, withdraw away from us, put school on the back burner, that kind of stuff. Cap got really into his missions, more focused on getting through those than on life itself, you know?”
Tony hauled Steve up to capture his mouth again, aligning their bodies perfectly so that they arched against each other. Their tongues danced together, each memorizing the feeling of the other, and dammit Tony could have come right then in there. Steve pulled back, propping himself onto his elbows over Tony. “I do love you, Tony. You mean...everything to me. I want to keep you safe. I want you.
The Maximoff twins were good kids with good hearts, and the Avengers would need to deliberate on how they could potentially fit into their growing team. Tony now had more money than god, and a platform for which he could sponsor two kids from a foreign country to go to school and work in America. Only two things were clear though, Wanda and Pietro would not be forced to go home to Sokovia, and they would never, ever find themselves in another situation like with Zemo. They were under the protection of the Avengers now.
Steve twisted onto his back, letting his hands rest across the back of his head. “Sure is. He’s sleeping now.”
“Tony?” Steve’s voice was rough, most likely from the weight of the cock that had taken up temporary residence in his throat earlier that night.
He swallowed, watching Rogers’ completely naked cock grow under Tony’s scrutiny and feeling himself respond in turn. Tony turned slightly so that his own erection was semi-hidden and muffled a groan at the sudden, overwhelming desire to touch himself.
Tony’s head snapped up at that. The Avengers? They were the rival gang that had popped up in Boston. Not much was known about them besides the fact that they were lethal, and very very good at their jobs.
Steve stiffened at Tony’s casual use of his preferred title, but thankfully no one seemed to think anything of it. Thank goodness for Tony’s overenthusiastic use of nicknames. “Tones,” Rhodes chided, “be serious here for a minute.” Once they were all buckled in and pulling out of the hospital’s overhang, he turned around from the front seat to look his best friend in the eye. “I have to go back to the base today, but I want you to know that you can call me at any time.” He reached back to take Tony’s hand. “We are all here for you, okay? I love you, man.”
Her answering delighted squeal told him he did something right. When he sat her feet back down on the ground, she clung to his biceps, which were finally filling out again after a few weeks being confined to a bed. “You didn’t hurt yourself doing that, did you?”
When Tony stiffened, Steve’s brow furrowed as he stepped away, immediately putting his hands to his side. “What? Did I do something wrong?”
The piece had straps that hooked around his shoulders, brushing across his nipples in a way that brought them to attention with a shiver. His cock was cradled beautifully, stretched out inside of the material. Tony had a sudden desire to take a picture. He ran his fingers along the long lines of the straps, staring at himself in the mirror and wondering if it was actually appealing, or if it was all in his head.
The slight breeze that flickered by from the bay had a strange calming effect on Steve. It wasn’t like he was nervous or anything, this mission was just like all the others, just with a little extra satisfaction tacked onto the end of it.
Not that Tony wanted him to. No, absolutely not. He wanted to leave this place, go home, and eat his weight in mint chocolate chip ice cream with Pepper while Rhodey and Happy surrounded them and pretended not to love Pride & Prejudice.
Steve’s brow disappeared behind his perfectly cropped hair. “That’s very impressive, Tony.” He leaned forward, taking a bite of his pumpkin bread and keeping his eyes on the smaller man. “If you don’t mind my asking, how old are you?”
in this relationship, Steven Grant Rogers. You can be the Captain with the Avengers, that’s fine, I don’t fucking care, but I am your
tendency to give his partners (technically only two partners, because after the second one dropped out from a nervous breakdown, his professor’s stopped pairing him up) whiplash. But it was Friday, which meant he just needed to get through his eleven o’clock class before he could hop on a bus to take him back to his run down apartment and pass out for two days straight.
made JARVIS. He’s an extension of you and your mind. Of your heart and your soul. Tony, you loved Edwin Jarvis, and you brought back his memory and intertwined it with something
“Good work.” The Captain praised with a tilt of his head. “Widow, I want you on the west warehouse. Borrow a van and fill it with anything and everything you can find, documents detailing the finances, lists of trade partners, any and all cash and valuables in the vaults that are sure to be there. Take out anyone who gets in your way.”
Well good, because Tony wasn’t going down without one. He scoffed haughtily in a way he knew Steve hated. “I’m sorry, did I miss the part where you suddenly became my
Rogers leaned back in his seat and crossed a leg over his knee. “Because nobody outside of the Avengers, and a few select members of my father’s inner circle, know my name.”
“I’d actually like to take you on a date.” Steve decided, parking the truck outside of the shitty apartments Tony had pointed out. He turned in his seat so that he could take in Tony’s deer-in-the-headlights look. “If you’re okay with that, of course. If that makes you uncomfortable, I’d like to still be friends. Maybe get a cup of coffee again.”
Tony frowned, sitting up and pulling his laptop out of the backpack stuffed with clothes. “That’s not going to work for me.” He thought through a few possible scenarios, and gave Bruce his best, Tony Stark smile. “Steve asked you to watch me, right?”
As much as Steve hated to admit it, he had a point. Before he could try to find another reason to object, Bucky spoke again. “I’ve already talked to Nat, she and Sam will come over at seven when you and I have to leave, then Bruce and Clint will come over around noon. Then you’ll be home to take care of him.”
Steve was silent again, until he sat up straight, somehow absorbing all of the authority in the room, commanding attention and looking impossibly bigger. Out of the corner of Tony’s eye, he could see a handful of other patrons shifting uncomfortably once they noticed it as well. “Tony, that hoodie is practically hanging off of you. If I touched you, I bet that I could feel your ribs, meaning you aren’t eating enough. And judging by the incident at the register, you are barely getting by on whatever the university pays you to teach. And when you do spend it, it’s on coffee, not food, which means you need it to stay awake. That, combined with the circles forming under your eyes leads me to believe you aren’t sleeping either. So no, I don’t believe you are taking care of yourself properly.”
Of course Steve would place some kind of blame on his two friends. He had trusted them to keep Tony safe, and he ended up being taken by Hydra. There was only one problem...It was complete and utter
As Steve stepped through the front door to the Avenger’s base of operations, a simple, decent sized condo in Boston, Bucky met him in the hallway with a scowl on his face. “Where the hell have you been?”
Tony gave him a sheepish smile. “Well, in some sense of the word, you are right. But in another, much more realistic sense, you’re wrong. My last name isn’t Carbonell.”
He was herded into stores he was vaguely familiar with, practically ambushed with managers and associates climbing over themselves to help Tony pick out something to wear. Apparently everyone in this town knew who the Captain was, and were eager to please him and the man on his arm. Tony tried to hold back a scoff of annoyance and failed.
“Both of us were forced to set down our weapons, and we knew that was it. They practically had to rip Clint’s bow right out of his hands,” Natasha remembered with a tilt of her lips. “We heard the cock of the gun, sure that were were about to die...and then the man who was aiming for us dropped to the floor with a bullet between his eyes. Just like that.”
“Obadiah Stane, I want to make myself perfectly clear.” Steve explained calmly, shoulders back and head held high. “You
. Bucky could admit that when he first heard the news, he could barely think straight through the haze of white-hot fury. Stark Industries sold weapons under the table, and people died because of it. He himself had lost his goddamn
“I need you to get your medical bag and meet Falcon and I in the alleyway five blocks north.” His voice was insistent and laced with worry.
When she closed the door, Steve looked down at Tony and couldn’t stop the grin that automatically appeared. “Hi.” Before he lost his confidence, Steve dropped a kiss on his cheek, directly over Pepper’s. There. All was right in the world.
Tony pulled out his phone again to give it a quick peek. If Steve returned to the house and didn’t find them there, then surely he would call right? The pit in his stomach that had only grown since this morning was aching now, and he wasn’t sure what kind of explanation would be enough to fill it. He loved Steve, and Tony trusted him. But this was...this was just nuts.
The Avengers split up into their respective vehicles, but before Steve could follow them out, Tony grabbed ahold of his wrist. The Captain looked back down at him, but Tony could see a glimmer of
Tony scoffed, “Isn’t that a basic requirement to join the Avengers? From what I’ve heard, all of you are masters at holding grudges.”
His best friend hummed and glanced at the clock. “You’ll need to go back to classes tomorrow morning, you know that right.”
Tony had his friends by his side, and they gave him the confidence to run Stark Industries the way he wanted, starting with this press conference. He spun around to face Pepper, lightly tapping the delicate little ring box in his jacket pocket and giving her a fond smile, which she returned.
As Steve stood up and put a hand out to stop him, Tony side stepped out of his reach. “And you don’t have to worry about me. I can take care of myself.”
“Hold up there, Point-Break. I’m going to need a bedtime story. I only fall asleep to the thrilling tales of the Avengers. Soon, I’ll ask Steve to make a comic book with all of your adventures. It would sell out within a week.”
His stomach dropped again, and his embarrassment flared as he thought about what a goddamn loser he looked like. Three years ago, he had enough money to buy out fifty of these fucking coffee shops, and now he was scrounging up change for a cup of coffee.
Thor grinned, absurdly proud of that fact. “Aye, it is a grand tradition. Strong names for a strong family.” His mouth twisted into a tired frown, a look that didn’t belong on his face. “My brother recently found out that he was adopted, which makes him no less of my brother in my eyes, but Loki did not see it that way. He grew angry and rebellious, and began making trouble back home. After a particularly nasty fight with my father, Loki disappeared one night, and came here to America.”
Steve snorted and shot out a hand to wrap around Tony’s clothed waist, considering he’d already showered and dressed for the day, pulling him back onto the bed with him and nosing his way into the junction of Tony’s neck and collarbone. “No!” He protested, but it was weak and shaking with amusement.
Tony shrugged, tilting his head back up and smirking at Steve. “Sure, I wish you wouldn’t have kept it from me, but I understand why you didn’t. Considering who I am...I’m actually surprised that you dated me at all.” He frowned, brow furrowing as he actually thought through the situation. “Actually, how can you even stand to be in a relationship with me? After all that I did-”
The barista raised a brow, obviously not impressed with his borderline eccentricity. She put the order into the register and popped her gum again. “That will be eight ninety-five.”
Great, now Tony’s ridiculous imagination had him picturing a dark club packed with people, flashing lights surrounding them while the vents pumped in oxygen like they do in casinos. He imagined Rogers sliding up behind him, his large hands settling possessively on Tony’s hips while his erection ground against Tony’s ass.
“Got it.” He answered, and she could hear his fingers dancing across the keyboard back at the Avenger’s warehouse. “I’ll handle this, you gather up any physical documents you think might be important.”
Tony worked his throat for a few seconds to confirm that he could actually speak without feeling like someone had their hand inside his chest. “He must have given me the good stuff.”
Thor frowned down at them both as Tony led him towards the doors. “Driving in Norway is not dissimilar to driving here, Friend Tony.”
Tony’s entire body stiffened at the sound of the familiar voice. Monocle Man didn’t seem to notice his reaction, because he just gave a dirty laugh and tossed Tony onto the floor like he weighed nothing. He crashed harshly, new waves of pain flooding his vision as he whited out for a moment. When he opened his eyes again, the Hydra leaders had dropped their weapons. All of them except Monocle Man.
“Well, I’d like to get a goddamn cheeseburger on the way. But we’re going to the warehouse so I can finally get started on your new gear.”
Wanda and Pietro were granted visas, sponsored by the one and only Tony Stark, and had an apartment two blocks away from the Stark mansion and a five minute walk from the finest high school in New York.
“I need you to throw that laptop out of your second story window, then come over here (bring ice cream) and dish about what the hell just happened.”
Tony groaned and pinched the bridge of his nose, waving towards Steve dismissively. “No, no. I just…” He moved back into his apartment, beckoning Steve to follow. “I need to talk to you about something. Can you come in?”
The archer sighed, frustrated that he was at such a close range. With a soft grumble, he whipped out his two glocks strapped to either side of his legs and opened fire. The first five were taken out quickly with as many shots, and he had to dance around the small hallway before taking down the rest. Once the hallway was finally silent, Clint holstered his weapons and turned back to the first cell.
Tony licked his lips.  “Don't move,” he said.  His hand was shaking as he stroked Steve's hair.  “You're going to hurt yourself, Steve.  Don't do that.”
"Because he was fifteen or sixteen, I don't remember exactly.  But he was at MIT and he was not really ready to be at MIT, intellectually he was fine, of course, but the rest of it?  Socially?  No.  But he was too young and remarkably unsocialized and following Rhodey around like a puppy and he was not-"
At some point, someone was going to ask him that question, and they were going to do it in front of a tv camera.  At some point, some point very, very soon, someone was going to ask him if he loved Tony Stark.
“I can just take those back out-” Steve said, and Carol held the trash bag up.  As everyone watched, she gave it a brief, violent shake.
His eyes closed.  “You’re a chef,” he said, his voice aching.  “You.  Are a chef.  Fucking ACT like it.  Put thought into every menu item.  If the only people leaving your restaurant happy are the ones who can and will adhere to your personal tastes?”
“Yes,” Tony said, peeking under the napkin.  “Did you bring me any of that lemon curd?”  Jarvis coughed into one fist.  Tony gave him a look.  “Thank you, Miss Van Dyne, it was too kind of you to think of me and make the trip out, specifically to inquire after my health and well-being.”
Rhodey didn’t reply for a few long moments, and Tony went right back to squirming uncomfortably. “Do you think it’s your dad? Or Stane?”
He had known each of them were special from the moment he laid eyes on them. His gut instinct flared to life during each one of their initial meetings, and Steve instantly knew they had a role to play and demons to overcome. It had yet to steer him wrong, not with Bucky, not with Howling Commandos, and not with the Avengers.
“Our friend Barnes assures me everything is fine.” Thor grinned, pulling into the student parking lot, the appropriate tag Steve had bought for them hanging off of the rearview mirror. “Simply focus on your meeting, and we will meet with our comrades afterwards for a celebration.”
Tony pinched at the bride of his nose, swallowing hard against the sudden lump in his throat. “I-I know. I know you won’t, Steve. It’s just…” His face twisted with shame, and he kept his eyes on the full tub. “My chest. My scars. They aren’t pretty. It’s...it’s actually kind of horrible, really.”
Steve’s jaw twitched at the show of blatant insubordination. “I gave my order, and you’ll follow it. I will always put your well-being first, and making sure you are safe and protected, as well as prepared for your defense tomorrow is part of that.”
Steve’s eyes widened, and he took a step back with his palms up. “It’s okay, I’m not going to hurt you. You’re safe,” He assured as gently as possible.
Howard Stark’s grip on his shoulder was borderline painful, and years of classical conditioning told him that if he struggled to get out of it, it would only hurt worse. “What the hell are you doing here?” He would have been proud of himself for keeping his voice steady if he weren’t so goddamn terrified.
Tony turned twenty-one one week after Obie killed Maria and Howard and kidnapped him. He spent it mourning his parents at their funeral. Steve and the Avengers kept the vultures off of his back for as long as they could, and he managed to sneak away back to the mansion with Rhodey without anyone following them. The two of them had gotten absolutely obliterated on Howard’s stash of liquor, and fell asleep crying in each other’s arms.
For someone so comfortable with dirty talk, Tony blushed hard when it came to more intimate jokes. He tried covering it up with a shit-eating grin, “Why Captain, if you wanted your hands all over me, all you had to do was ask.”
Steve only hesitated for another moment before leaning down to kiss Tony squarely on the mouth. “I’m going to hold you to that. Please, please don’t leave the house. Please wait for me.”
he felt it was important for him to eat. And he had no idea where the hell this sudden surge of protectiveness came from either. Steve barely knew anything about this man, besides his first name and the fact that he was obviously struggling.
praise him for his work. But after the mess with Hydra in New York, and Tony blatantly refusing to follow in his father’s footsteps, Obie turned away from him too. The young genius was sixteen when he realized that his godfather was only interested in the money Tony could make for him.
Happy Monday once again! I hope you all had a wonderful weekend. This chapter is shorter than the rest of them (sorry about that), BUT I will make it up to you next week with one that is twice as long as this. PLUS, it will have the shower scene in there.
When Tony’s sweet, caramel brown eyes opened again, he squinted at each of their faces as he tried to make sense of the room. “Rhodey? Pep?” His voice was rough and sounded unnatural.
Tony stiffened, feeling as if someone had just dumped a bucket of ice water over his head. Dread seeped into his veins, and Tony let out a strangled sound. “
The back door was ripped off its loosened hinges, and two sets of gloved hands cut off his seatbelt and hauled him out of the car none too carefully. He remembers them being much rougher than they probably should have been, and his legs had given out on him when they jostled his chest wound. But they kept dragging him away, and they
Maybe that was it, he thought warily to himself. Steve had a soft spot for helping out those in rough situations. It was how he became The Captain after all. Once he grew out of his sickly form and put on some serious muscle during puberty, he and Bucky had cleared Steve’s old bullies off the streets. Over the past ten years, their parameters of influence had grown exponentially, spreading across Brooklyn and Queens before moving into the other Boroughs. He and his Howling Commandos were laughably unmatched when it came to fighting against those that the police couldn’t touch. Steve didn’t like bullies, it didn’t matter where they were from, so he spent eight years of his life building up the image and reputation of the Captain in New York, silently and stealthily taking out any opponent that stepped out of the shadows.
“I need you to teach me how to be gentle. For you.” Rogers’ breath slipped in and out of his ear, sending delicious chills over his skin. His body wanted more of everything Rogers was giving. “I need you, Tony.”
to get this out, needed to stand up to Howard one last time. “I wish you had been a better father,” Tony nodded towards Obie before looking back at his dad, “A better godfather. I love my family, it's practically ingrained in me, but I honestly don’t understand how any of you can look yourselves in the mirror. You might control me after my graduation, that’s fine, whatever, but I’ll
Whispered bickering buzzed in their ears, and Bucky snapped with an audible click. “Shut the hell up, both of you, and tell us where you are.”
He strode over and handed out the stack of duplicate files he had printed out to each of the Avengers. Clint and Nat nodded and flipped through lazily, as they had already memorized its contents. Bruce, Thor, Sam, and Tony read on with interest, while Bucky cursed loudly.
“Bucky,” His best friend straightened as he was addressed. “I need your help running through this list of potential suspects. We can cross them off one by one once we confirm that they either were or were not stalking Tony.”
Steve’s head crashed heavily against the leather headrest as Bucky drove them back towards the warehouse. It had been a long night, and all he wanted to do was get back home, shower, and crawl into bed with Tony. But alas, the Avengers needed to spend the next few hours in debrief, and if he was lucky, Steve might be able to catch his boyfriend before he had to leave for his presentation.
For years the only way to escape the buzzing in his head was to dive into a machine. The endless gears and wires were the perfect distraction for all of the things that he couldn’t make sense of. To be fair, Rogers did provide a workshop for him, complete with Bruce fucking Banner, but…
The nurse nodded warily and did as he asked. Tony was practically vibrating from disbelief and mounting pain. Steve was actually offering to…?
Although his tone was warm and concerned, something about the glint in his eye sent a warning static current through him, causing the hairs on his arms to rise. “I uh, yeah, I’m fine now.”
He hummed, his body instantly responding to the surprising meal. “Wow...thank you. Really.” Tony chewed and offered his hand. “I’m Tony.”
Steve had the gall to look embarrassed. “I might have had Clint tail you for a bit. I knew you needed to be protected, plus I just wanted to make sure that I ran into you again!” He groaned, leaning back so that he was stretched out on the bedspread over Tony’s legs and covered his face with his hands. “Now you probably think I’m some kind of stalker.”
Tony exhaled with a sigh of relief and grinned brightly, shaking the hands of each of the five committee members. He had finally done it, earned his third doctorate degree and completed all of the schooling he wanted. The sense of accomplishment only flitted through his mind briefly before he recalled the encounter with his father and Obie. Damn, even to this day, their favorite thing to do was wrench away any pride he ever hoped to feel.
As much as Tony wanted to watch Stane get what was coming to him, he wasn’t sure he could actually stomach it. Steve, thank fuck, seemed to understand this without it needing to be said. Without looking away from Stane, he called out to Sam. “Falcon, take Tony home. We’ll handle it from here.”
Tony fidgeted nervously outside of the door, raised his hand to knock, then pulled it away again abruptly. He paced for a few more minutes, trying to psych himself up for this.
Steve watched Tony barrel out into the street without any proper winter attire with a deep frown marring his features. He wasn’t sure
“I don’t blame you. I did, for a while.” He admitted, and Tony felt his heart plummet. “After the accident, I wanted Stark Industries to crumble. I stalked your family for months, gathering as much intel as I could to put whoever it was that was behind the Hydra arsenal away. When I did, and the police didn’t fucking do shit except an investigation that didn’t go anywhere, I pushed Stevie to get the fuck out of New York.”
Tony nodded, mind running with the new information. “Where are the others that you mentioned? I haven’t seen anyone else besides Clint, Sam, and the brute who kidnapped me, along with those people in the courtyard.”
He breathed out a ragged sigh, nodded to himself, then turned back to the twins. “Come with us, we’ll figure out how to help you in the morning.”
“Then tell me.” He suggested, and brushed past the look that darkened Steve’s face. “No, really. Steve, nothing that you tell me is going to change the way I feel about you. Whatever you’ve done as your time as the Captain, I believe you did because you thought it was the right thing to do. And,” He added, sensing that this was important. “I’m not going to ask you to stop.”
Stane rapped his knuckles against the heavy metal, the sound reverberating around the small, darkened room. “I know you know who they are, and I want names.”
Someone would find him. Someone would find him and rescue him, and he would tell everyone about the bombs and they would all get to safety. Then he could go home and curl into Steve’s lap, not even caring how angry he was at him at the moment.
Sam placed both hands on his hips in frustration. “They could be lying, they could just be in some kind of trouble.”
is going to happen to me,” Tony promised, sighing and reaching out a hand of his own to run his fingers through Steve’s styled blonde locks. “Like I said before, I can protect myself now. If someone tries coming for me, or after any of the Avengers while I’m around for that matter, they’ll have to answer to my repulser blasters. Patent pending.” He added cheekily.
for him. Someone in the inner circle had told Hydra about his abilities, and had almost gotten him killed for it. He wouldn’t go back there, no matter what they had to say.
“Don’t be an idiot, Stevie.” Bucky admonished, his Brooklyn drawl leaking through his words. “You’ve already missed enough, your professors aren’t going to be so understanding much longer. Come on, what would Tony want?”
Clint crouched down and gripped the bars with his gloved fingers. “Hey, kiddo. My friend and I are here to get you and everyone else out of here, okay?”
That earned them a wet chuckle, and Tony furiously tried to wipe away the tears that escaped. “Thanks guys, I...I love you too. Really.” He laughed again, stronger this time. “And Justin Hammer fails at everything he does, Pep. It’s no mystery why Christine turned him down in front of the entire Debate team. You know they are just a bunch of gossips, it was the best way to ensure his sweeping embarrassment.”
It took Tony a few thoroughly embarrassing moments to remember his poorly ingrained manners. “I, er, thank you. I...you didn’t have to do that. I was fine with just the regular coffee…” His cheeks warmed again, and he wasn’t able to keep looking up at the man’s expression, which was hovering between amusement and something that resembled worry.
It was quiet for a few moments while Tony blinked at him, and Steve patiently waited for him to process the new information. “You actually want to go on a date with me?”
“The Soldier is right,” The Captain confirmed, standing up and lifting his shield off of his back, fingering the edges. “Twelve years ago, I told you exactly what would happen if you laid a hand on another dame, and what do you do? Head up a sex trafficking operation. So now we’re here, we found you. It’s time to answer for your crimes, Baron Zemo.”
If everything they said couldn’t be avoided, then he refused to be emotionally tied to his past, to revert back to the scared, bitter puppet he use to be. They might have control over his future works, but they would
Harley pinched the bridge of his nose and squatted down beside Steve and the girl who was still working on getting Thor to open his eyes. “I don’t...Ugh!” He grunted in frustration and closed his eyes, trying to think back. They snapped open and Harley shook his head. “No, he didn’t have hair. It was a dark suit.”
His date snorted, covering up his mouth. “I can’t even begin to imagine you skinny. Are you shitting me right now?”
“Steve,” Tony hissed, reaching out to cup his boyfriend’s outrageously strong jaw line. “It wasn’t their fault.” He ran the pad of his thumb along Steve’s cheeks and tightened his hold. “I was the one who convinced them to leave the house. It was
Tony gritted his teeth and snapped his gaze away, almost moving to cover himself in embarrassment before feeling the heat of another’s eyes on him. Rogers was finally looking at him. Tony felt a flash of white-hot triumph before an idea popped into his head.
He let that information sink in, nibbling on the food while Natasha and Sam talked amongst themselves. Once he successfully cleared his plate, Sam took the tray and exchanged it for coffee, which Tony eagerly lapped up. They asked about his interests, his school, his friends, like they actually
Sam and Bruce were required to stay overnight for observation, so Steve ordered the rest of the Avengers back to the warehouse. It was just as well that his two teammates couldn’t join them. That, and the fact that they had suffered some serious injuries in that car crash were the only things keeping him from strangling them both.
. They all followed, and Bucky shut the door behind them. “Someone’s been stalking Tony. He told me that he could feel someone watching him while we were in bed together this morning.”
The repulser fired off, slicing straight through his restraints, and the richote of the blast hitting the ground behind him sent Tony flying forward, where he swiped the knife out of Stane’s hands and in one fluid movement, cut through the bindings around his feet. He rolled to the side and threw out his hands towards his godfather. “Take another step, and I will obliterate you.” Tony warned fiercely. “And I don’t want to do that.”
While Steve was still building up his body before enlisting, Susan from three doors down had knocked furiously at the door of the apartment he and Bucky shared. They let her in with wide eyes, and she tugged Lucy, her best friend, in with her and collapsed on the couch. Turns out, Zemo took his harassment a step further when Lucy rejected him. He forced her down and took what he wanted without any regard for her comfort or safety. The police didn’t care enough to do anything about it, had practically blamed her for being so
“What happened?” Tony asked while running his fingers along the nape of Steve’s neck. He felt him shiver deliciously.
Bucky chose then to end his call and step up beside his best friend, metal arm covered by a sweatshirt and gloves. “Bruce and the others are on their way. Do we have anything else?”
Again, Clint snorted. Tony was starting to think he was doing it on purpose to spew things into his hair. “That might be the understatement of the century.”
“You know I can fix that, right?” All three sets of eyes snapped to his, and Peter flung himself onto his feet.
The Maximoff twins looked at each other, a silent, terrified conversation running between them before they shared a grimace and faced the two Avengers.
He shook his head, “Yes, he’s from Norway. Now how the hell do you do that thing with your eyebrows? Nat can do it, and I’ve always wanted to.”
The three members of his team watched him silently, eyes locked onto his own blue ones. He willed for them to understand how important this is to him. How important Tony is.
Before he could reach the first lock, the door at the end of the corridor burst open and out poured ten guards in stark black uniforms, all with their weapons raised ready to fire.
And then the door burst open behind them, and Tony couldn’t see what was happening, but he could hear it.
That was when Sam decided to enter the room, hands juggling a tray full of food and a tumblr of coffee. “What’s going on in here?”
Bucky would say that he’d never seen his best friend so pent up before, so focused on hurting someone else so much that it didn’t matter if it was right or wrong. Zemo had forced himself onto a girl that didn’t want his affections, and Steve was going to make sure he paid for that.
To his immense pleasure, Tony slotted himself into Steve’s space and wrapped an arm around his waist, maneuvering Steve’s arm up over his shoulder.
“Yes,” He answered immediately, ignoring the rushing in his ears. Might as well go for it. He hadn’t had a date in...dammit, had it really been
Tony stared at him for a few long moments, trying to catch his breath. He finally leaned away and looked down into his lap where his hands were shaking. Steve didn’t hesitate to cover them with his own. “Did...did I do something wrong?”
Whatever he was going to say was cut off by the lead pipe colliding with his jaw. Zemo cried out in pain and his knees gave out on him, but Bucky just held him tighter for Steve to continue his assault. He got another good hit in before stepping right into Zemo’s space, ignoring the blood that spattered his clothes and the ground below them.
Steve swallowed heavily. “Are you sure you want in on this? You know what it means once we go after him, right?”
It didn’t take long for Clint and Natasha to join the picture, followed by Thor, and finally Bruce. They worked together exceptionally well, meshing even better than the Howling Commandos, and that was saying something. They were each brilliant in their own right, and they made Steve and Bucky better simply by proximity.
Sam had grumbled at the change of venue all the way to the car, but Tony distracted him by asking about his time in the military. Bruce’s small Honda Civic was crammed with notes and paperwork, and Tony made a note to ask about the doctor’s research later, but the three of them fit in with only a little maneuvering. He gave Bruce directions to the lab and leaned forward on Sam’s passenger seat to hear a few stories that he couldn’t tell if they were elaborated or not.
“Mhhmmm?” Tony was too wrung out to respond with actual words. Every muscle in his body was sated and fully relaxed. Steve’s other hand came down to draw patterns along his back, side, and stomach. Over the past four months, Steve really had taken care of Tony. His ribs were no longer visible, his skin had returned to it’s natural healthy olive tone, and his underlying muscles had found their way back to just beneath the surface.
“At ease, soldier,” Tony told him seriously, because it always seemed to work wonders. Immediately, some of the tension left Steve’s shoulders, but he his jaw was still tight. “I’m sorry to ruin any plans you might have had, but it’s important.” He gestured towards the couch. “Come on, sit down.”
“I know what the orders were,” He snapped. “They refused to go, they’re freaked out that the police are going to send them back overseas.” Clint’s voice softened, and he implored, “They’re just kids, Banner. They need someone to look after them.”
Who the hell was she? And why was she in Tony’s apartment? Was she a roommate? A girlfriend? A one night stand? The question was killing him.
Tony snorted, taking stock of all of the wires and IV’s running into his body. “It doesn’t sound like you’ve given me much incentive to cooperate here.”
He ran his fingers absently as he checked off his mental list. “I need someone to call Tony’s friends, Pepper Potts and James Rhodes. Now that he’s woken up, they’re going to want to see him, and it will make him happy too. It also gives us a chance to get Tony’s key from Pepper, which I’m going to need you to use to get into his apartment.” Steve grimaced, tightening his jaw in Bucky’s direction. “I’m not ready to leave his side, and I’m damn well sure not leaving him alone, even if it’s just in his place when he’s feeling better.”
Things got better when they moved to Boston. The weight of responsibility and intensity seemed to be lifted off of Steve’s shoulders, and he was content in spending his days at class and his nights watching movies, going to bars, and eating pizza on the couch with Bucky.
The worry came in when Steve interacted with his friends, the people he was supposed to trust above everyone else. The nights of laughing and making a mess of things just for the hell of it with the Howling Commandos weaned over the years. The war with Hydra, and Bucky’s subsequent attack, hardened Steve into a shell of a man. A shell of his former self. Every mission they took on even after Hydra seemed to wear him down until his edges were sharp and practically poisonous.
Thoughts? Feelings? We're almost at the end. I know I said that before, but these characters demand more from me than I was expecting, so we're looking at 12-13 chapters now.
Steve’s hand was wrapped around Tony’s. He lifted and pressed it to his lips, whispering “I love you” over and over again. He didn’t know if Tony could hear him or not, but if he could, Steve wanted Tony to know that he was here, and that he wasn’t going anywhere.
. He was completely surrounded by Tony. His desperate breath hitching right along with Steve’s, his tongue wrestling with his own, his hands clambering over his shoulders, his chest, his stomach...
There was no denying the spike of hurt that struck Tony’s heart at hearing that his godfather didn’t care if he lived or died. “Then why am I still alive?”
He hummed. “Lived in the same neighborhood in Brooklyn, actually. Gave him a warning that if didn’t keep his hands off of the dames who didn’t want him, we’d kindly remove his head from his body.”
“Steve, seriously, it’s fine!” Tony groaned dramatically, pushing at his boyfriend’s unmovable chest.
Even Steve grinned back at them, tilting his chin to the side while keeping his eyes on the road. Thirty minutes later, they arrived at Steve’s condo where Pepper and Rhodes’ cars were parked outside. Bucky met them out front to help Tony out of the car while his friends said their goodbyes.
Tony shrugged, then remembered it wasn’t a video call. “Nothing’s going on, like I said, everything’s fine. I’m just being paranoid.”
“You better close that for him before he starts catching flies,” Tony muttered, only half joking. It had been a whole hour and Steve wasn’t back yet. He looked down at his watch and frowned. He planned to spend the day in the University's lab working on his final project. Steve was supposed to bring him lunch and maybe finish up some of his landscaping homework there.
A dangerous idea began forming within the confines of Tony’s mind. Before he could talk himself out of it, Tony smirked and shimmied out of his boxers as soon as he stepped into the bathroom. He only had to wait a moment for the water to heat up, and once it did, he stood underneath the spray with his back to Rogers.
Tony watched as Steve nodded, then drew himself into his Captain persona. It was the strangest thing, watching the stilted air around them bend to his influence, and the Avengers respond in turn. Each one of them dropped their joking demeanor and settled in for battle. “Avengers, ready?”
Bucky looked unperturbed. “You know the rules, Stark.” He grumbled. “Eyes stay on you at all times. You won’t find anyone here who’s willing to deviate from Stevie’s
Joseph tugged lightly at Steve’s arm, bringing him closer for a tight embrace. “Be careful, son. Madness is like gravity, all you need is a little push.”
Once Tony caught a glimpse of the miles and miles of tanned muscles, he found that he couldn’t look away, much less keep his eyes from traveling south. Rogers’ six pack was a thing of beauty with the way it melted into the sharp v of his hips, which proudly displayed his half-hard cock, nestled within a patch of neatly trimmed dark curls. Tony blinked, trying to tear his eyes away but found himself completely entranced by the thick girth and slight curve. Fuck, Tony had always been a bit of a size queen, and Rogers was the biggest he’d ever seen. What would it be like to have that inside of him? Splitting him open the way he’d always dreamed of? To make matters worse, his previously dry mouth salivated with such force Tony had to swallow in order not to drool.
As much as Tony wanted to simply refuse again, tell Steve that he could handle the entire fight just fine throughout the night and then go in prepared for his defense, he couldn’t. Tony needed to perform well so that he could finish out his third doctorate, which would be the last stepping stone to graduating and starting his own company. The plan for his future was riding on tomorrow, and getting rest before hand would be important. “Fine, I’ll have a bedtime, and I’ll even let Thor babysit for the time being.”
“Okay, stop. Timeout. Pause.” He cut off with a slice of his hand. “Do you have any idea how okay I am with this? No, seriously.” Tony locked their gazes together. “I was a little bit in love with you back in New York. I knew Hydra was using SI’s weapons, but I couldn’t do anything about it. After hearing about the Captain and his Howling Commandos fighting back, and actually
The Captain who stood before him shuddered at the command and Tony realized with a start that he was one of the only people in the
making weapons for the Avengers. That’s the entire reason why you aren’t with your father’s company anymore, you’re your own person.”
After only a beat of hesitation, and a quick check-in glance at Clint, who had followed Steve’s lead and torn off his mask as well, Wanda and Pietro each grasped Steve’s hands and let him pull them to their feet.
“I do.” He insisted. “Steve is angry he left me in the first place, but he isn’t mad at you two, not really. He just needs a little help directing his anger in a new direction.”
He cleared his throat and crossed his arms over his chest. “Thanks to the Avengers’ seemingly unlimited supply of materials and money, it didn’t take me long to put together something new for each one of you. Collectively, you all have new outfits and masks, because, you know, this is a dangerous profession to be in, and I’d rather nobody end up in jail, or in the hospital, on my watch.”
Tony’s shoulders slumped before Thor clapped a large hand across them. “Come now, I will escort you back to the Captain’s home.”
They both made eye contact, worry giving way to laughter. Sam set the food down on Tony’s lap and pulled up a chair to sit beside the pair on the bed. “Well...yeah. He’s the
Dear God, it hurt to say his name. Hurt to even think it. The worst part was that Steve didn’t even know if he was alive or dead. He had to fight to stay on his feet when Sam described Tony’s injuries from the crash, at least the obvious ones, and he bit his tongue so hard that it bled when he thought about how much pain the love of his life had to be in.
“You haven't told anyone about this?” Franklin asked.  “Your dad?  Or Steve?”  DJ shook his head, and Franklin frowned.  “Why not?  You should tell someone, Deej.”
Steve stepped in, his hand sliding across Tony’s shoulder and up to cradle the nape of his neck with gentle fingers.  Ignoring the glass, he leaned in, and Tony met him halfway, his head tipping up into the kiss.  His lips tasted like wine, rich and intoxicating, and Steve groaned into his mouth.
“Cut the squares, and pieced it together.  Agent Collins sewed it,” DJ said.  “She brought her serger.  It is awesome.”
“I believe they are preparing for the reception,” Jarvis said.  “An event that you have made clear that you want no part of.”
“I tried reading the SHIELD one.  Think I nodded off around page three,” Jess said.  “What'd they do, just copy and paste their HR policy on inter-department relationships?”
"Okay, I would've, but I would've called you something else."  Tony blinked at him.  "Like 'Sport.'"
“You don't have to-” Rogers started, but Pepper was already gone, at something just under a run.  “Miss Potts!”
“Brilliant management strategy,” Steve agreed.  He reached behind Tony, trying to grab the last crab rangoon.
“I sincerely doubt this,” Tony said.  But he reached for a cookie.  “I’m telling you now, kid.  You’re going to regret this.”
Stark pried another cup loose and took a sip, his mouth moving as he gestured with the cardboard cup holder at the interior of the car.   Rogers shook his head.  He looked back, catching Tony’s eye, and Tony turned his attention back to his phone.
Steve laughed, and Tony let his eyes close, savoring the warmth that swept through him at the sound.  “You're lucky I'm easy.”
Tony straightened up, ignoring the way his legs wobbled under him.  The box threatened to slip from his grasp, and he fumbled for it, hugging it to his chest with both hands.  His fingertips were numb, and a faint taste of sweet copper lingered on the back of his tongue, but he was home, and the rest, he could ignore.
The boy’s eyes darted towards the stack of folded napkins piled up on the sideboard, and he reached out, keeping a careful eye on Clint.
“He tried to kill you.  Until we find DJ, we keep him alive.  Then?  I don’t give a damn,” Steve said.  “What does this shadow agency want from you?”
Tony’s head came up.  “Someone got in the house,” he said, and Steve stopped breathing.  “They took DJ.”
“I agree, it’s not something that is any of my business,” Peter rushed on, the words bumping up against each other.
“I was going to call you, but you cry about these things,” Tony said.  “Which, I’ll admit, makes me quite uncomfortable.”
Through the glass, Tony saw him stop in front of the counter, wriggling out of the rope sling, swinging the paper cone around into his arms.  He ripped open the paper, revealing a brilliant mass of flowers, roses and mini sunflowers and bright gerbera daisies in what seemed like dozens of colors.
His head came up, confusion sweeping over him, just in time to see Steve emerge from the crowd, a metal trash can lid clutched in one hand.  Before Tony could even draw a breath, Steve was cutting between him and the gunman, his arm coming up in an easy, beautiful arc.
Steve paused, considering that.  The journey along the length of the countryside had been slow, almost random in the roads they had taken.  The others had let him choose the route, let him piece together what he could from fractured memories.
“It's less that they don't get along and more that they like to teach each other drinking games, and if they start playing vodka pong, we're not getting the damage deposit back,” Jan said.
“You say that now,” Tony said.  He took a deep breath.  “I am not looking forward to sitting in this hotel room until this is over.”
Steve realized he was gripping the brim of his hat too hard, bending his cap almost in half.  He relaxed his fingers, one by one, trying to smooth it flat again.  “Some people can survive being taken,” he said.  “And others can't.  I think DJ can.  I think he can see Mr. Stark's world, your world, and come back down to-” His hand snapped out, gesturing at the dark, ragged buildings that crowded in on the street, too many of them, too close together.  “To this.”
“Happy will find him,” Bruce said, but Tony was already kicking the blankets off, struggling towards the edge of the narrow bed.
Agatha pinched the bridge of her nose.  “Yes.  Please do.”  She waved her cane at them, and Tony had to skip backwards to keep from getting hit, and chairs flickered into existence in a circle, with her at the forefront.  “Fine.  All of you.  Have a seat, and let us sort out what, exactly-”
“Not fast enough.  And as for you, Mr. Stark-” She glanced back at him.  “If you’ve so much extra time on your hands, perhaps you can pick up the mess you’ve made in here.”
“I can't be late, it's my pool,” Stark said, and, trying not to laugh, Steve turned in his seat to face him.
"Look." O'Brien stabbed the cigar against the ash tray, his mouth taking on a sarcastic smile.  "Stark's a shining beacon that any man can make it in this cold, cruel world we live in, Rogers.  You got enough gumption, and enough smarts, and you can drag yourself out of the gutter and out to a mansion on Long Island."  He slumped back into his chair.  "Makes sense that the communists and anarchists would want him dead, don't it?"
He stared at Sam across the dim, shadowed length of the room.  "He needed you, he's been waiting for you to show up for hours, and you were in this building?  You were here, but instead of coming up here, you were filling out PAPERWORK?"
Her smile stretched into something sly and smug.  “Well, if you're offering, I'd take your dessert...”
"It's shit," the officer said, glee coloring the words.  He tapped the end of his pen against the cup.  "Tea.  Much better."
“And it wasn’t enough,” Tony said, and Jan fell silent.  Tony sighed, his shoulders rising and falling with the force of it.  “You know I don’t begrudge you a bolt of fabric, Jan.  But Fisk will.  And you don’t steal from the man.  Even if he only owns half the stock.”
Clint got there first, but he had to scramble, and Tony considered that a win.  He continued around to the passenger side and slipped into the seat.  “We all loaded up back there?” he asked, reaching for the seatbelt.
“Can’t imagine what you mean, Mr. Stark,” Steve said, wide eyed and with a great deal of mock confusion.  Behind him, DJ darted past, hopping gleefully along the hallway runner.  Steve smiled, and he just looked crazed. “Everything seems perfectly normal from what I know of this household.”
“I might've delayed the brewing cycle by a few minutes,” Jarvis said.  He paused.  “The results were not what I had hoped.”
Steve looked down at his sketchpad, at the scribbles and lines that had somehow become Tony's face, the line of Tony's jaw and the slope of Tony's brow, the curve of Tony's lips and the arch of Tony's throat. He reached out, his fingers sliding over the picture. “I think I do.” He looked up. “It means, it's time to get things done.”
"You have a hard life," Pepper said.  Behind his back, she mouthed 'Lemonade?' at Jarvis.  He gave her a slight nod before slipping back into the house.  Pepper turned her attention back to the paperwork Tony had given her.  "What's this?"
She didn't move, her fingers locked on his with a surprising amount of force. “It's going to kill me, isn't it?”
Tony's back was right up against Rogers' chest as he leaned over Tony's shoulder.  Each word seemed to vibrate through his frame, and Tony felt his heartbeat accelerate.  "Uh," he managed, and that wasn't helpful at all.  He felt Rogers' body shift against his, and he shoved himself upright.  "Fix it.  I'm trying to fix it."
“Don’t worry.”  Bobbi’s voice echoed down behind him.  “There are lights.  There’s always light.  If you’re willing to risk it.”
Tony leaned over again, and DJ tapped him on the nose.  “Diagnostic over,” he said, settling back against the headboard.  “I’ll see you in the morning?”
Tony grabbed him before the shock could wear off, wrapping the towel around DJ and sweeping him off of his feet.  “Gotcha,” he said, heaving DJ into his arms.  For a moment, he found himself holding a struggling, twisting mass of cloth.  Grinning, he flipped the corner of the towel back.  DJ blinked up at him, his face flushed and his eyes bright.
“It is, so I'm going to ignore that sarcasm.  He gets to skip dinner and have a picnic outside instead.”
DJ nodded.  “No,” he said.  He was perched on a stool in front of the sink, up to his elbows in soap suds.  He was splashed with water, despite the heavy canvas apron tied around his neck and trailing halfway down to the ground.  He grinned at Tony.  “In the back.”
“This may shock you, but this car’s got a limit, and we’re at it,” Happy said.  He caught Steve’s eye, his jaw tight.  “And you know what’s not gonna get us there any faster?  If you put your fist through that glass.”
Tony wandered around the table.  "Well, that's what I get for trying to be subtle," he said, his voice flippant.  Steve started to say something else and Tony cut him off, leaning his hips back against the table.  "Do you really want to do this?"
Rhodey poked his head into the kitchen, grinning like the fiend that he was.  “I tried, but your front of house keeps hanging up on me,” he said.  Pepper, coming up behind him, swatted at him with her purse.  Laughing, Rhodey fended her off.  “Hey, Potts, didn’t see you there.”
Steve struggled to keep a straight face.  "I did," he said, his voice grave.  And because Stark was still staring at him, his expression incredulous, Steve added,  "Before the war."
“So a few men gathered up a herd of goats, and went out into the grasslands and built-”  She stopped, her eyes narrowing.  “Would you call it a hut?” she asked Steve.
Jan bit her lip, her eyelashes dipping in a flicker of modesty that Tony knew was a blatant lie.  “Dearest Mr. Fisk,” she said, her hands clasped in front of her, the letter tucked between her fingers.  “I have taken a bolt of fabric from the stores.  I shall pay for it, as soon as I am able, but I pray you do not tell my parents.  I am hard at work on a gift, and though I do not wish to spoil the surprise, my mother would not approve of me making a jacket for a man, no matter what his relationship to me may one day be.  I shall settle my debt to the company as soon as I am able.”  Her mouth trembled.  “And it shall be soon.”
“Prohibitively expensive,” Jesse told her.  “And even though the parliament approved the bill and the King signed it into law, like, in six hourse, the locals are worried, as you might imagine, about legal challenges.  So a lot of people who've been together for years wanted to get the deed done before someone tried to turn back the clock.”
“Also,” Jan said, perching on the edge of a piece of fractured concrete, “because I kind of figured they were doing it to you, too.”  She leaned forward.  “Is this really your first time?”
Jan made a face.  “Let me know if you need help-” she started, but Natasha was already halfway out of the kitchen, sidestepping around Sam, who was on his way in.
Hank peered at him over the rims of his glasses.  “Right,” he said, drawing the word out.  “The way I want it.”  He leaned back, his arms crossed over his chest.  “But maybe not you.”
“Everyone hates ties,” Jesse said. She raised her camera, snapping a sequence of photos before Steve could school his face into something approaching a smile.
And then Tony was pulling free of his grasp, stumbling as he tried to find his footing.  Steve reached out, grabbing his shirt and pulling him back to his feet.  “Are you all right?”
Nakia folded her hands in her lap. “Shuri,” she said, her tone holding just the faintest hint of disapproval.  Steve glanced at Sam, who met his glance with the tiniest shake of his head.
That startled a laugh out of her.  “I ran away from home,” she said, as Clint pulled her towards the edge of the tunnel.
But when his eyes slid over them, there was something flat and disdainful in their depths. He gave Steve a smile, his capped white teeth flashing. “Captain. Thanks so much for including me in your invitation. I'm...” His smile stretched. “Honored.”
He had half a second to consider his impending doom, and then Steve was grabbing him, lifting him off his feet.  Tony let out a sound that was embarrassingly close to a shriek, but Steve was probably laughing too hard to hear it as he dragged them both out onto the balcony.
“Yeah, well, something has.  Don't tell him what, exactly, I'd like a chance for Steve to discuss it with him in person,” Tony said.
Dummy’s support strut sank down, and he gave a pathetic little shake of his head.  “Okay.  Right.” Tony sighed, taking the file folder from Dummy’s claw.  “Fuck it.  Nothing gets done around here between Christmas and New Year’s, anyway.  Can you put those away?  You’ve got a diagnostic today.”
“Jarvis and I showed him the house yesterday,” Pepper said.  “But he's-”  She took a deep breath.  “He's just gone.”
“I wanna talk about the piano,” Darcy said.  “How many people get to say to an insurance agent, ‘my car was hit by a runaway piano?’”
Tony gave her a wary look.  “I’m going to need you to remove all her writing implements,” he said to Rhodey.
“Still safer there than out here.”  Steve leaned forward, bracing a hand on the back of the front seats.  “Pull over,” he said, and Happy glanced over his shoulder at him.
“The commander likes to keep us moving, keep us visible,” Rhodes said, and started walking again.  “Keep the peace, watch for thieves, keep things calm.”  He gave a nod at a group of men who were standing on the corner, deep in discussion over something.  “Break up fights, deal with disputes.  You’ll be matched with a more experienced member of the guard for now.”  He caught Steve’s eye, his eyebrows arching.  “You’re expected to follow their lead.”
“Anyone sane, yes, but well….” Bobbi steepled her fingers over the peak of her hat.  “That’s in rather short supply around us.”
“Good afternoon!” Bobbi strode up the stairs, her long legs taking them two at a time.  Her cheeks were pink, her long blond hair plaited into a braid and wrapped around her head.  She ruffled Peter's hair as she walked past.  “Stay out of the greenhouse, trouble, we've got an experiment running and things break around you.”
Slowly, Hammer pulled out the pistol, holding it with two fingers, and setting it carefully on the desktop.  Steve picked it up, checking it.  Fully loaded.  He looked back at Hammer.  “If DJ comes back here, you-”
"Right!" Jess was already shaking her head, both hands up now.  "And I'm out.  Not part of this conversation.  Not at all part of this conversation."
A beat of silence, and then one of the doors opened.  Clint leaned out, his hair standing on end, his eyes narrowed into blurry slits.  “What time is it?” he asked.
She frowned at him, then at Steve.  Steve tried a reassuring smile.  It didn't work.  She turned and ducked around the edge of the table.  Steve watched her go, his eyebrows raised.  “That went well,” he said.
Tony grumbled under his breath, but he sank back onto the comfortably shabby couch.  It was one of the few pieces of furniture in the main part of the apartment, that and a battered chair, a tv mounted on the wall nearby.  A lamp.  Something that might've passed as a coffee table, and some well stocked bookshelves along the wall in what space was left, books clustered around their bases, the shelves overflowing to the floor.
Clint looked at him.  Jarvis looked back, the tiniest hint of a smile creasing his cheeks.  “I do believe it a good sign that they’re making an effort,” Jarvis offered.
"Ready?" she said, her hair arranged in a complicated swirl of curls, an arrangement of real lilies tucked along her hairline.
“Tomorrow morning, unless Isaiah decides we’re doing a sit in when we’re done testifying,” Steve said.  He took a breath, and it didn’t hurt.  He straightened up.  “If we do, I’m going to need that bail fund of yours, Tony.”
Above them, a familiar form appeared in the swirling dust.  Logan leaned over, one arm braced on his up-thrust knee, his claws glinting against the black leather.  “Hey, Carnie.  You got somethin' for us?”  Behind him, Hulk loomed, his massive bulk casting a shadow over the opening.  Logan didn't seem concerned.
“Try to keep them calm,” Harris said.  He pointed at Drew, who was peeking under the lids of the soup cups.  “Take him with you.”
Val was out of the car almost before it stopped moving, running for the door as soon as her feet hit the ground.  “Hi!” she said, sliding through the door.  “We're here!”
“He wasn’t around, not that he’d be much help.  But there I am,” Clint said, waving a hand through the air.  “Standing in the middle of the library, holding a vase that definitely did not belong to me, with three guns pointed right at my face.  Far as I could see, I had three choices, and I didn’t like any of them.”
Isaiah’s cane tapped against the floor.  “You seem just fine now,” he said, his voice quiet.  “Other than running a real risk of ending up with your tie in a bleach bucket.”
“What is this conversation?”  Tony turned around just in time to see Okoye poke her head into the waiting room.  She looked at him, her eyes narrowing.  “Oh.  It’s you.  That explains…”  Her mouth pursed.  “So many things, actually.”
"Wait," Steve said, cutting her off.  "He dated Rhodey?" He stared at her, his mind grinding to a sharp, painful halt.  "When?"
“Worry about them,” Morrison said, waving at Steve and Ellen. His smile was condescending. “They're going to need a crash course in how to be on tv.”
Agatha’s eyes rolled up towards the ceiling.  “Fine, child, if you insist. Let us speak to all of the players in this little game, all at once.” She raised her cane and brought it down with a snap, and it cracked against the floor, the carpet rippling like water from the impact..
It hurt, in the best possible way.  Tony smiled at him anyway.  "Lean over."  Steve leaned into his personal space, so close that Tony could feel the heat from his body, could hear the light, steady sound of his breathing.  Tony smoothed his fingers along the line of Steve's collar, making sure that it lay properly over the fine silk of his tie.  "You're going to be fine."
"Why, yes, they are, Mr. Rhodes."  She leaned forward, meeting his eyes in the mirror.  "Are you going to get him in trouble?  It's not well done of you."
“No,” Fury repeated.  “That, we’re not doing.  He wants to go to your place, we can make that work, but we’re not doing public transportation.”
“I’m going to have to ask you not to encourage her,” Tony said to Steve, who was struggling hard to keep a straight face.  “No matter how much fun it might be.”
Tony went back to his newspaper.  “It’s been a month, Jarvis.  I doubt he remembers me at this point, let alone is waiting with bated breath for a communique.”
“Of course, sir,” Jarvis said.  He paused beside DJ's chair.  “Shall I cut your meat for you, young sir?”
Tony opened his mouth.  Closed it.  Reached for his coffee.  “In my defense, I have a root cellar, and I was trying to impress you.”
“Rose fight,” Steve explained.  Tony's eyes slid shut.  Grinning, Steve took a seat, stretching out one leg and pushed the other chair away from the table.  “Sit down.  Have a croissant.”
“Glad we could still provide a few surprises,” Steve said.  He leaned forward.  “They-  Whoever they are, they know we’re coming.”
Sue looked up at Steve, her lips a thin line.  “So if I'm willing to sacrifice everyone else, as long as I can protect him, what does that say about me?  What does that make me, Steve?”
He looked at Tony, still smiling that slight, lopsided smile.  “You are the adult, you are the parent.  The one who’s supposed to be in charge, and when you realize that you have a child that is smarter than you? It all changes.  Because you cannot outthink him.  You can’t reason with him, you can’t make him do what you need him to do.
Tony slumped a little lower in his chair, rubbing his forehead.  “Clearly, you haven’t been reading my press clippings.”  His lips twisted in a wry smile.  “Or you’d know better.”
“Barton is not my problem, and I’m here because you called Jess in the middle of the night and convinced her to come and meet you at a random ramen shop you’d found,” Carol said.  “I wanted to sleep.  We’d just finished two seperate jobs, both of which were horrible and involved beet puree-”
Caught off guard by the sudden sincerity in his voice, Steve glanced down at the book.  The sketchbook was small, too small for him to have captured much detail.  But the subject of that particular drawing was obvious.
“No alarms,” Steve told him.  He unbuckled Tony's seat belt and slipped an arm around his back.  “Here we go.”  He boosted Tony out, trying to set him on his feet, but Tony slumped against his chest, his face buried in Steve's shoulder.  Steve smoothed a hand over his hair.  “Yeah, I think you're going to be sleeping in tomorrow.”
"Yes, but the purpose is to shoot you," Tony pointed out, amused despite himself.  "You may have removed the doubt of what's going to happen, but that just means you know that they're going to shoot at you."
Tony nodded.  He looked down into his coffee, the cup clasped between tense fingers.  He took a deep breath.  “You're everywhere,” he said, his voice strange to his own ears.  Still and strange.  “You're so deeply embedded in my life at this point, and I don't know how that happened.”  His lips twitched into something approaching a smile.  “I'm usually more careful than this.”
“Stay still.”  Pepper’s voice.  He reached out, and her hand was there, her fingers wrapping around his, holding tight.  “You’re in the infirmary.  Bruce, can you-”
Steve gave him a look out of the corner of his eyes.  "Are you mocking me, Mr. Stark?"  But there was a smile hiding at the corners of his mouth, a faint upward twitch to his cheeks.
Steve shrugged.  “Why not?” he asked.  Tony groaned, and Steve leaned in.  “No.  Seriously.  Why not?  Tony.  Why can’t he?”  He reached out, tipping Tony’s chin up with one hand.  “He is never going to have to worry about where his next meal is coming from.  He is never going to go to bed cold and hungry.  He’s never going to worry about being a burden, he’s never going to have to hide being sick because he knows you can’t afford a doctor.”
Tony gave him a wide, easy smile.  “Are you hungry?” he asked, and before Steve could reply, he continued on.  “Best fast lunch in the city.” His head tipped forward, and his hair flopped forward.  He pushed it back, and there was a flush across his high cheekbones.  “When have I ever steered you wrong?”
“Do you know how many people we seated tonight?” she asked, leaning against the counter next to him.  “Do you have any idea how many reservations we pushed through that dining room, Stark?”
Tony studied him, his face unreadable.  “Would you believe me?” he asked.  “If I swore that to you, would you actually believe me, Steve?”
Tony took it from him.  “I better get some cobbler out of this.”  He popped it in his mouth, his eyes narrowing on DJ.  "And you.  I seem to recall telling you not to wander off. “  He frowned.  “Didn't you have shoes?"
“In a war zone?” Tony asked, grinning.  Steve gave him a shrug, one shoulder rising and falling, his face flushing.  Tony laughed.  “You’re perfect, you know that?”
Tony grinned as he reached for the pot of coffee on the tray.  “How ungentlemanly,” he said, pouring a cup.  He held it out to Steve.  “And unnecessary.”
“Right, and what will happen when she asks Phil about your registry?” Tony asked, bracing a hand on the back of the couch.  He leaned in.  “The Phil who definitely is not in Las Vegas.”
He wondered what it was like when it was full.  Once, there must've been grand parties here, full of grand people.  Maybe there still were.  He allowed himself a wry smile.  Not like he would've been on the guest list, and even in this city, some things still stayed secret.  It wasn't hard to imagine the lines of cars snaking up the long, winding driveway, the people in fancy dress strolling across the marble floors and down the rolling green lawns.
"Marcy's right, Steve.  This changes everything," Tony said, and there was a sharp edge to the words.  "It shouldn't.  You're still you and you're still-"  He stopped, flapping a hand in Steve's direction.  Steve hid a smile behind his hand, but wasn't fast enough.  Tony gave him a look, his lips twitching.  "You're still you," he repeated, and Steve didn't know what he meant, but he nodded anyway.
It was said with such disgust that Steve burst out laughing.  “Your life is very hard,” he said, setting the kettle on the stove.  “I know it's not what you want, but it'll help your throat.”  He opened the cabinet, squinting at the spice shelf.  “I think I have some better stuff in here, but right now, maybe just some herbal tea.  What do you think?”
Steve’s fingers flexed, tightening on the case for an instant.  “I’d prefer to wait until he’s…  In the mood,” he said, trying to be polite about it.
DJ came tearing across the great hall, water shedding from his pants with every step.  Laughing, Steve held out his hands, grabbing him before he could crash into Mrs. Parker.  “Did you go into the bucket?” he asked, standing up and taking DJ with him.
“Yes.  That’s what we’re suggesting,” Greer said.  She’d tucked both her knees under the hem of her sweater, and now sat as a warm looking green yarn-covered lump.
He was pretty sure he was going to end up getting blamed for this.  Which really, really pissed him off.
The seat next to him was pulled back, and Harris set his plate down before he dropped into the chair.  “Did you get something good?” he asked.  His plate was full of tiny berry tarts and cookies, perfect little squares of cake in perfect little frosting coats, and scones with scalloped edges sitting by a tiny pot of clotted cream.
“I love having my own theme song,” Jan said, darting into the living room, her arms full of clothes.  “Be right back, just running these down to the laundry room or the trash chute, which ever one I reach first.”
She rocked forward, pushing away from the workbench.  “Yeah,” she agreed. “Family business didn’t work out so well for me, but neither did the chemistry phd, so I guess maybe the problem was me.”  She turned her back to him, reaching for a rack of test tubes. “Any other questions, officer?”
“No,” Agatha said.  “The tea would’ve put you to sleep, no more.”  Seemingly unconcerned about the half dozen superheroes staring at her with various expressions of anger and shock.  She took another sip of her tea.  I had been trying to sedate you since I separated you from the others, but you were surprisingly resistant to the suggestion.  I had hoped that this-” She gestured at the table.  “Would put you at ease, long enough to secure your cooperation.”
Steve took an involuntary step forward, his hand coming up as Tony reached above him, grabbing loop of rope and leaning backwards, his body bowing over the edge of the balcony. “It’s fine, I just had it serviced.”  He heard Tony laugh, and Steve did his best not to look at the way Tony’s foot twisted against the smooth surface of the railing.  “What are you doing?”
“We-  We weren’t naked,” Steve started, but Greer was laughing so hard that he was pretty sure no one heard him.
“And it was a bad idea before, and it’ll be a bad idea in the future,” Bobbi said, breaking off a piece and tossing it into her mouth.  She hip checked the kitchen door open, waving Steve into the laundry yard.  “Trust me.  I speak from experience.”
Jarvis staggered under the blow, but he was smiling as he straightened up.  "So pleased to be of service, sir."  He glanced at Steve.  "Lord Odinson, may I present to you Officer Steve Rogers of the NYPD, and DJ, both of whom are our guests this week."  He gestured in the direction of the new arrival.  "Officer Rogers, Lord Thor Odinson of Norway."
Darcy offered DJ her arm.  “Let’s go claim as many rose petals cash can buy,” she said, and DJ looped his arm through hers.  “We can practice throwing them at Harris.”
Steve laughed, and Tony felt it through his entire body.  “Are you implying this is out of character?”
“Hey.”  DJ looked up, and Tony tried to smile.  “There are people,” he said, the words clumsy on his tongue, “who are going to call you weak.  Who are going to say that you should be able to do things that you can’t, because they can.  So why can’t you?  They’ll tell you that you’re difficult, that you’re wrong, that you’re…  Weak.”
“Hey, I fixed the navel.”  Clint slapped the tape down on his shoulder, trying to stick the wayward piece of armor back into place.  “Is that straight?”
“We could elope,” Phil said, and that was a stupid thing to say, that was not the direction he wanted the conversation to go in, especially when Clint burst out laughing.  Phil scowled at him.  “I fail to see the humor here.”
Tony gave him a look, and Steve struggled maintain a straight face.  “Well, you did ask,” he pointed out.
Jarvis paused.  “Can he not?” he asked.  He reached across the workbench, picking up a tea cup from the night before.
Mrs. Parker chuckled, an impish gleam in her eye.  “I can’t imagine what you’re talking about,” she said, wiping the blade of her knife on the tea towel.  “Straight from Paris, that one.”
Steve was so captivated by the easy way that Tony moved that he barely noticed the question.  After a moment, he tore his eyes away from Tony’s legs to find him waiting an answer, a faint, amused smile on his face.  Steve blinked at him.  “Sorry, what?”
Steve jogged to the top of the stairs.  “Almost noon.”  Tony mumbled a curse, and Steve smiled, his eyes warm.  “Yeah.  Pretty much.”  He leaned over, pressing a broad, cool hand against Tony's forehead.  “How're you feeling?”
Darcy looked down.  “Aw, thanks, botboy.” she picked up the box, giving it a little shake.  “Is it…  A WEAPON?”
The boy straightened his threadbare vest, his chin coming up with a smirk. "A right businessman, that's what I am, and you oughta respect that."
“We sure as hell do now, if I'm expected to be a party planner as well as running your restaurant,” Pepper said.  “Especially if your guest list has this many holes in it.”
"Less than an hour." He opened his mouth, and she headed him off. "And you're only hearing about it now because I'm only hearing about it now. I don't know when it was set up, but everyone involved played it very close to the vest.”
There was a plate of cookies on the table between them, next to the tea pot.  It hadn’t been there before.  Or maybe it had.  He didn’t remember.  There was a cookie on her saucer, next to her tea cup, and that definitely hadn’t been there before.
Clint gave him a high five, and tossed his bag next to the couch before he dropped down next to Darcy.  His feet landed on the coffee table with an audible thump.  “Going to Vegas, huh?”
Steve grinned at the ceiling.  "I'd say you were enthusiastically inebriated," he said.  Tony groaned again, longer and deeper this time, and Steve reached out to pat him lightly on the shoulder.  "Pretty sure we were drinking drain cleaner."
Steve paused, the pitcher of batter hovering over the hissing waffle iron.  He set it down.  “How sick?” he asked, but he was already shrugging out of his apron, tossing it towards the hook next to the window.
His lips twitched.  “And by 'some people' you mean Pepper, don't you?”  He leaned back, bracing one hand on the roof behind him, his face tipped towards the sun.  “You absolutely should not listen to Pepper.”
Steve wrenched the gun from his hand before he could even get the weapon free of his coat.  “Who sent you?” he bit out.  “Who-”
“I know,” Peter said, rocking forward on his stool.  He shifted his notebook a little closer to his bowl, scowling down at the lines of text there.  “Trust me, I know, but know what else is important?”  He gave Bruce a flat look.  “My grade on this test.”
He turned it over in his hands, studying the stenciled words on the front.  Project: Rebirth.  He wasn’t sure why, but the words made him uneasy.  He took a deep breath, and held it out to Pepper. “Put it downstairs.”
Her head tipped to the side.  "Tony is a futurist," she said.  "Do you know what that means?"  Steve shook his head, and she smiled.  "I think Tony made it up, actually."  She stood, collecting her cup from the table.  "A futurist is someone who attempts to determine what's coming.  A person who studies the flow of information, of money, of power, and tries to accurately predict what lies ahead.  In business, it means producing for what will be, not what is.  It means positioning ourselves so that when things change, as things always do, we're the only one who can fill a need that no one else knows exists."
Tony pulled back.  “Fine,” he said, catching the edge of the tub with one hand and pushing himself up.  “If you’re going to be like that…”
“I find it works for me,” Steve said.  He moved the file to the bedside table, and slid down into the bed.  He wrapped an arm around Tony's waist, tucking his body up against Tony's back.  “You don't have to be charming all the time, you know.”
Sam glanced at him.  “Way I see it,” he said, his voice quiet, “you've got two choices.  You can accept the situation and ride this out.”
Tony sighed, an audible exhale.  "Darling.  You walked in looking very fancy and I'm sure, very fine.  I am wearing a suit that's about two steps above my usual satirical excellence.  If we were both sweaty and unshaven and carrying, I don't know, various pieces of sporting equipment, we could probably make a meet-up at the local Applebees look like just a couple of guys grabbing a burger."
Tony nodded.  “I probably am,” he said.  He looked across the lawn, his hand still stroking along the length of Furbro’s back.  “Will you be at dinner?”
“One does one’s best,” Mrs. O’Malley said.  “Speaking of eating, I’ve still got some fried potatoes and cabbage on the hob, wouldn’t be but a moment to heat it up, if you haven’t had your dinner.”
He jerked upright, his heart in his throat.  “One sec,” he called back, turning off the water and heading to the door.  He pulled it open and leaned out.  “Deej?”
“I'm not sure you understand nobility, Mr. Stark, but some of us are perfectly comfortable doing the right thing for everyone, and claim no credit for it.”  He looked back at Clint.  “Or showboat to gain public approval.”  Clint met his eyes without flinching.  Gyrich smiled, cold and sharp.  “You're very lucky you're not in jail right now, Agent.”
Jarvis made a slight, soft humming noise under his breath.  “I’d like to think I do, sir.”  He gave Tony a smile.  “But I suppose we’ll see who’s right in the end.”  He turned to the door.  “Won’t we?”
“Okay.  I get that.”  Clint shoved a hand through his hair, then pulled his shirt on.  “What's going on, Jarvis?  Is he all right?”
“Let’s go,” Obie said, gesturing with the gun, and Tony looked up, just in time to see the door behind Obie open, swinging open on silent hinges.  As Tony watched, horrified, Jarvis stepped through the open doorway, a pot of coffee held in one hand, the tray held in the other.  He shook his head, and Jarvis ignored him.
And Tony was lost, lost in impulse, in memory, his brain fragmented, a handful of images, of sensations, slamming into him, knocking the breath out of his lungs, and he could taste the copper in the back of his throat, the way he had, the first time he’d fallen, when the armor had frozen, had fractured, the second time he’d fallen, the pressure of a cruel hand still bruising his neck, tearing at his skin the way that the wind had threatened to tear him apart.
“I think I mentioned this,” Jessica said to Luke.  She tugged Luke out of Thor and Jane's path before they could plow into him.  “Pretty sure I mentioned this.”
“Can I go with both?” Peter said.  “Because, yeah, both.  Both.”  He raised his voice.  "Get some sleep, Chef!"
“And Anthony has done everything I’ve asked of him today,” Obie said, his voice quiet.  “The same cannot be said of you.”  Ty’s fingers tightened on the knife, going white knuckled for a moment.  Obie forked up a bite of of beef, and took his time chewing.  “And after your test results today, I think it’s best if he goes over your classwork for you for the rest of the term.”
"Blunt force trauma," Bruce said.  "There's some burns, some cuts and contusions, but mostly, Tony, it was blunt force trauma."
“Okay!” she said, grinning wide and bright.  “So would you like to buy a pass?  The show floor is closing in just about-” She picked up her phone, squinting down at the face of it.  “Just over an hour.  So I can sell you a one day pass, but it’s really not worth it, and the full pass is only worth it if you’re staying until Monday, but we have a weekend pass that’ll get you in for tonight and tomorrow, so that’s-”
“No, seriously, it's 2017, it's not my fault if they're still repressed,” Clint said.  “Your attraction to men aside, if you haven't at least tried shoving something up your butt, that's your own problem, and it's a problem I don't have.  Like, sorry you're so freaked out by the idea of being thought of as gay that your prostate doesn't get to have a good time, but that's really your problem, and you need to get over it.”
“You told the truth, and telling that truth couldn't result in me getting evicted, getting fired, or putting my life at risk,” Rogers said. “So I don't see the problem.”
Steve grabbed a crate from the back of the truck and dropped it on the pavement just next to the back door.  “You are,” he said, squeezing Tony’s hand.  “Sit.”
Tony shook his head.  “I think everything on my wish list is right here.”  He smiled up at Steve.  “Merry Christmas.”
Tony’s stomach turned over.  He took a deep breath, forcing it back into place.  “Steve loves you,” he said, because he knew that was true.  That much, he knew.  “So no matter what, I’m sure he’ll come see you, as often as possible.”
"Just give them a rough dice and set them in here to soak, please, and Clint'll set a pan up to fry them."
Rhodey stood.  “Once.  Just once.  Can we go small?”  He crossed the room and lowered himself down onto the couch next to Tony.  “How're we doing?”
“Sandwich first,” Steve said, and then, “I love you.”  It was a prayer and a benediction and as close to religion as he got these days.
“I’m going to try anything and everything,” Steve said, and Tony went silent.  “Don’t worry.  You-” He gestured at the workshop at large.  “You’ve got what you need, you keep doing what you’re doing, and I’ll-”  He shook his head.  “I’ll do nothing.”
“No, not like me, I am a grown adult with a government clearance and a driver’s license and a shiny blue check mark next to my Twitter profile,” Iron Man said.  “You, meanwhile, can’t even be depended upon to stay in the right dimension and you’re grounded for the next couple of eternities.  Understood?”
“Yeah, but none of them are good,” Tony said.  He peeled a strip of paper away from the label, flicking it away.  “Don’t start a fight that you can’t finish, Steven.”
There was a slight shudder to the ground, the sound of a heavy tread on cracked concrete, and then Hulk loomed over the top of the SHIELD transport, his broad, grim face peering down at them.  “Hey, buddy,” Clint said, even as Gyrich took a single, involuntary step back, his shoulders hitting Coulson's chest.  Clint waved his good hand in the air.  “You throw everything into the harbor?”
“A bold move, for a bold young man,” Tony said, and Steve ducked his head to hide his smile.  When he looked back up, he found Tony smiling at him, his eyes warm.  “Let’s see just how he handles this.”
There was a beat of silence, and then a soft sigh.  Tony didn’t bother to look up, keeping his focus on his schematics.  Jarvis crossed the office, collecting Tony’s empty coffee cup and setting down a full one.  “Rhodey is driving Officer Rogers back to his flat now,” he said.
Steve watched him go.  “Why is it,” he mused, “that every question I ask make things even more confusing?”
“I'm thinking that a gentle reminder can't hurt,” Rhodey said.  “Look, since I'm now awake, I'm going to go hit the gym.  Call me?”
Tony considered them, his lips pursed.  “They're not going to approve of my cuisine, are they?” he stage whispered to Steve.
That much was the truth, at least.  He'd seen it in the window of the florist's shop, too big and too bright, too close to Christmas to find a buyer.  But the leaves had reminded him of Tony's armor, a sharp, candy apple red, and the big, metallic gold ribbon on the pot hadn't hurt either.  The price, even after the discount, still made him wince, but he'd been proud of his impulse buy, right up until he'd walked up to the Tower to find a lone photographer loitering on the sidewalk outside.
His voice trailed away, and Natasha picked up the thread without missing a beat.  “We left the northside gate unlocked.  He’s…”  She stopped, and Tony opened one eye to peer at her.  She handed a knife to Clint, who took it with a broad, self-satisfied grin.  “He’s very disappointed in us.”
“Getting sick of playing backup,” Steve said, but he subsided back against the wall, watching Tony go, Marcy right beside him.
His footsteps were silent here, muffled by the moss that grew thick and heavy over the ground.  The branches blocked the wind, and held in the light of the lantern, and he didn’t mind the heavy feeling of the air here, damp against his lips.  He set the lantern down and brushed a few leaves off of the stone, his fingers lingering.
She cut him off.  "I would've remembered, Tony.  Trust me.  I would have-"  Her eyes slid after DJ, who was now perched on a little ladder slash stool in front of the blender, punching buttons with a great deal of enthusiasm.  "I would have remembered there being a child here.  In your."  She clutched at her forehead, something like terror sweeping over her.  “Oh, god, there's a child in your workshop.”
Tony's head jerked down towards DJ, who was still holding the candlestick in both hands like a baseball bat.  "I'll be taking that," he said, making an effort to release DJ's shirt.  "If I'm not allowed to murder anyone, you absolutely are not."
“They’re horrible, you’re valid, give me your number,” Darcy said to the witch, leaning around Harris to hold out her phone.  “Tony, go back out to the lobby and distract Clint from the rack of shiny brochures, we’re going to end up at the world’s biggest ball of twine or something, because he has no taste and DJ is doing nothing to dissuade him.”
“No.  We don't.  I blame our previous CEO, who was a packrat who clung to outdated tech like floppy drives might well make a comeback in the 22nd century,” Pepper said.
Jan popped up in front of him, a finger pointing at his face.  “Can you keep a secret?” she asked, her eyes narrowed.
“I like how you say 'we,'” Luke said.  He hefted a massive box up, balancing it easily on one shoulder.  “As if you're, you know, participating.”
“We tease because we love,” Carol said.  “And cause it’s funny. She flipped through the pages in front of her.  “Where is this one from?”
Steve chuckled.  “Maybe,” he allowed.  He glanced at Tony.  “I certainly wouldn't have been happy, Tony.  I wouldn't have been...”  He shrugged.  “Me.”
"So my mama says.  Ed."  She leaned back from the register, flipping the cup in his direction.  Ed snagged it from midair without even looking in her direction.  “Tall non-fat caramel vanilla latte for the scion."
“Goddamn,” he muttered.  He took a sip from his cup.  “Aunt Patricia, call me. I want some fucking zuppa toscana.  I just-”  He nodded.  “Call me.” He took another sip, then paused, his face crumpling in confusion.  He looked down at the coffee cup.  “Is this…  Maple syrup?”
Steve looked up, meeting his eyes.  “You can fix it?”  Without missing a beat, the man nodded.   Steve took a deep breath.  “Fine.  Fix it.”  And that was unreasonable.  Steve tried to smile.  “Please.”
“Tell me you got it,” he said, stepping back.  “Tell me that we don't have to hear this frigid puck-sucker brag about how he had to clean up after us for the next six months.”
“Thank you,” Carol said.  “Really.”  She reached over, clasping his hand in both of hers.  “Thank you.”
There was something intimate about their posture, about the way that the black edges of their formal clothes seemed to bleed into each other, like there not fully separate entities.  In the middle of a party, of a celebration, they were still, they were seeing only each other.
“How badly?” Tony asked, and Jarvis’ mouth went tight.  Tony’s heart sank.  “Did he break anything?”
“He has two,” Steve said, pulling down the rest of the signs.  “You’re reading the public one.  He…  He doesn’t run that one.”
Clint’s attention was still on Steve, his hands lose and open at his side, ready for a fight.  “Phil said-”
“When's the reception?" Jan asked, and Tony looked up, alarm bells going off in his head just a few minutes too late.
Stark grinned, his dark eyes glinting.  “How about we just agree to blame Happy for this one?” he asked, his voice cheerful.
Tony's nose wrinkled.  “Uh-huh,” he said.  He took a sip of his water.  Steve caught himself staring at Tony's mouth, and tore his gaze away before he ended up embarrassing them all.  “Still.  I could come provide moral support or-”
“How can you possibly call our monthly office chair derby a  mistake?” Sam asked, folding his arms on the top of the table.  “I mean, damn.  That’s cold.”
At the far end of the row, Steve was leaning forward in his seat, his eyes bright, looking almost as excited as his young charges.  Every so often, Tony would catch him swaying back and forth in time with the music, his feet tapping along with a great deal of enthusiasm.  Tony watched him out of the corner of his eye, doing his best to be subtle about it.
The tray was slapped down on his desk, the dishes rattling with such force that Tony jumped in his chair.  His head jerked up, and found Jarvis staring down at him, a scowl on his face.  “That man,” he said, the words very carefully measured, “took an immense risk here.”
“Oh, may I?” Steve asked, and it wasn't as frustrating as it should've been. Probably because Tony was smiling at him, that slight, lopsided smile that he always wore when he was at his most insufferable. Steve told himself, very firmly, that it wasn't attractive.
“I might be getting Sam flowers,” Greer said, stressing the word 'might.'  "It's a working suggestion.  That's all."
Tony considered the length of the bannister, his hands propped on his hips.  “I think it’s entirely possible,” he admitted.
Tony kept eye contact with her as he reached for a petri dish.  “I'm guessing the answer to that would be a solid no.”
He stopped, turning back to the bench.  "We've got an educational proposal on file with the state.  We're home schooling him."
Ellen opened her mouth.  Closed it.  “You got ripped off so bad.”  Jesse raised one shoulder in a half shrug.
She stabbed a finger in his direction as she crossed over to the punching bags.  “You're the one who tells me I've got to learn to multitask.”
“B-” Steve did his best not to draw the letter out, and failed miserably.  “Brown.”  That was a good guess, just by averages, that was the best guess he could manage.
But whatever was up there, hanging in the darkness over their heads, blocking the light of the street, it didn't move.  Clint decided he was going to consider that win.
“You may thank me by eating a proper breakfast this morning,” Jarvis said, filling DJ’s cup from the carafe of freshly squeezed orange juice.  He set it down next to DJ’s pad of paper.  “How will you have your eggs today?”
“No.” Stark smiled died, just a little.  “No.  I’m not a good father.  As you might imagine, it doesn’t come naturally to me.  I have-” His hands came up in a gesture of defeat.  “I have no idea what I’m doing, and that should be glaringly obvious to everyone, including the kid.”
Tony's head fell forward.  “Good press,” he said with her.  He pinched the bridge of his nose between his fingers.    “Right.”
“Do you remember what you sent them?” Sue asked.  Tony considered that.  “You opened legal funds for them.  That was what you sent two babies, Tony.  A trust fund for legal fees.”
He looked up, a wry smile twitching at the corners of his lips.  "And it's not real, and you all know it."
Harris blinked, trying to clear his vision.  “What the hell was-”  A murmur of sound brought him up short, and he froze.  “Right.  Public.”  All around them, heads were craning in their direction, vendors and attendees jostling to get a better view.
Steve froze, his chest contracting with the force of it.  Something, something eerily like fear swept over him, and he struggled to find something to say to that.
Tony took a deep breath.  “I’ve had a very tough twenty-four hours,” he said.  “All I’m asking is that you honor my attempt to be a semi-decent father to my half-Japanese child and cook my damn noodles, Yoshida.”
They turned a corner and Tony wasn't surprised to find Marcy standing there, clearly waiting for them.  “Don't say it,” he said.
“I tried. It's going directly to voice mail,” Marcy said. “I notified SHIELD, Coulson's reporting the same thing. You could try, but-”
Tony dumped a healthy amount of wine into his glass.  “I’m not entirely certain that it’s got to be you, but that’s a discussion for a night when I’m not exhausted and on my last nerve.”  He took a long sip, his eyes narrowed at Steve over the rim.  “Not that I have many left on a good night.  I blame the company I keep.”
Warning for some drunken bad choices on Tony's part.  No major injuries or long term problems will result, but he's a jerk
“You're adorable, Rogers, you really are.”  Sam held out a hand.  “It's up to you.  I'll support you, no matter what.  But if you can't make him see you as a romantic possibility now, Steve, it's never going to happen, you know that, right?”
“Uh-huh,” Rhodey said.  “You know that everyone here’s really getting attached to that kid, right?”  He paused beside the garage door.  “You’re tough.”
“This is nice,” Tony said, barely noticing when the keys slipped out of his hand and clattered to the front porch.  He sank a hand into Steve’s hair, tugging his head down.  “This is…  Let’s just stay here.”
“No, it’s quite funny.”  She paused.  “Now.  Now, it’s quite funny.  At the time, it was…  Just confounding.  And I would’ve said something unforgivable to him, except Miss Potts was there, just behind him, looking quite horrified by the whole situation.  She was the one who managed to say the right things, she’s quite good at that.”
“You’re a liar and no gentleman, Rhodes,” she said, going up on her toes to brush a kiss against his cheek.  “How’ve you been?”
"I'll take it if you don't like it," Stark said, sinking down to the blanket.  DJ peered at his plate, and Stark set it down, an affectionate smile creasing his cheeks.  "Eat your own food."
DJ slid the bowl of his spoon through the layers of his parfet, watching the clear lines of the layers flex and break under the pressure.  A swirl of raspberry puree, chocolate mousse as light and airy as a cloud, thin, crisp wafers of dark chocolate covered cookies, all under a thick blanket of whipped cream.  He turned his spoon, scraping the side of the glass, trying to get a bit of each in a single bite.
“How about I give you a bowl of soup and join you on the couch and we can try to improve your opinion of it?”
“Ms. Potts said, and I quote-” He heard fingers tapping on a keyboard.  “‘I paid someone a hundred dollars specifically so I did not have to comment on anything that happened this weekend.’”  A pause.  “‘And thank you for calling.  Lovely to talk to you.’  Then she hung up.”
“No. Thank you.” Tony pressed the heels of his hands against his eyes. “I’ll have something in just a moment.”  He flipped the blanket aside.  “No word from the kidnappers?”
“Going,” Clint said, and he was, up the dark, quiet hallway, his bare feet silent on the polished floor.  There was something about the still, empty moments of the early morning, when nothing was moving, nothing was real.  There was a light on in the living room, and Clint took a deep breath, rolling his shoulders.  “Please,” he said, under his breath, for himself and only himself.  “Please don't let me make this worse.  Please.”
“You are full of terrible lies, I know you are, but yes, please tell me you have something with a lemon curd,” Pepper said, and Jess held out a plate to her, filled with tiny tarts.
Her hand paused.  Then it swept up his back again.  “I know.”  She straightened up, and Tony let her go.  “We’ll get them back.  Both of them.”
“Thanks.”  He should probably feel bad about this.  Probably.  But he wasn't surprised that he didn't, that lying to them came just a little too easily.  Gritting his teeth against the thought, he headed towards the hall.
Tony squeezed his eyes shut, trying to ignore the way his pulse was pounding in his ears.  “God damn, but I hate magic,” he gritted out.
Jan turned her attention back to Steve's chest.  "Justin.  Jimi.” She stabbed at the fabric, and Steve took an involuntary breath.  “Get his measurements."
"We are wary of the hollandaise, so I suspect that might be the only thing on that tray that's safe," Jarvis said.  He gave DJ a boost up onto Tony's bed, and waited while he settled down, legs crossed under him, at the end of the bed.  "What do you think?" Jarvis asked.
Pepper reached over, taking the glass out of his hand.  “All right,” she said, her voice brisk.  She set the glass down on the end table, just out of Tony's reach.  “We're going in circles, and that's not helping anyone.”
"'Set the table,'" Tony echoed.  Steve arched an eyebrow at him.  "Why are we-"  Tony shook his head.  "By 'set the table' do you mean, 'bring a plate over here so that we can put food on it and then eat it?'"
“I am,” DJ said, and he meant it.  “Someone needs to tell Dad.  And not-  Not you,” he said to Stephen.  “He’ll understand…  Later.  But now.  Will be-  Will be mad.” Talking was exhausting and he hated it.  He wanted Jarvis, who understood him, who could help him find the right words and put them in the right order.  DJ shifted in his chair, his heels digging into the floor.
“I will, and if I can’t, I’m sure you will.”  She handed him a box that apparently contained a curled up pottery kitten.  “I have faith.”  She looked up.  “Rogers, you’re next?”
“Yeah, I can tell.”  He uncovered a patch of mostly clean skin on DJ’s forehead and leaned in to press a kiss there.  “You can tell us when you need a break, you know that, right?  All of us.  Nat would understand.”
He stepped back, and for the first time, Steve got a clear view of where they were.  A park.  In a city.  His head tipped back, and he stared up at the blue sky, fragmented and hidden by the sharp lines of the buildings that stretched up above them.  The park was tucked between the buildings, a small path that lead through a patch of grass and trees, with a handful of benches scattered along its length.  Steve inhaled, and it still burned, but the air no longer felt foreign in his lungs.  “New York?” Steve asked, his pulse thudding in his ears.
“It’s a mystery for the ages,” Tony said, fishing his phone out of his pocket and trying to make himself comfortable.
Natasha allowed herself a shrug.  “Hard to say,” she said, reaching for the sugar bowl.  “Rogers has proved…  Difficult to anticipate.”  Not that she wanted to admit that, but she did like to give credit where credit was due.  “And Tony is…  Tony.”
“That would be me,” Jan said, holding up one hand at shoulder level.  Her eyes fluttered at a dangerous rate.  “Do you have a problem with my choices, Mr. Wilson?”
“Lots and lots of blues,” Steve agreed.  “Your dad tried to claim it was for him, but I saw the blue and knew that one was mine.”  He started up the stairs.  “Did you get my postcard?”
The Sanctum Sanctorum loomed over the street, strangely outsized for the physical footprint of the brownstone building.  To DJ, it seemed to fill every possible inch of space, pressing hard at the edges of the street, and the sky itself.  Despite this, people moved past it, without giving it so much as a second look.  Even those who glanced up at the house never looked long.  Their eyes seemed to slide over the heavy facade and the gleaming central window, a stark, unblinking eye that stared back at them.
Inside, Jess and Sam were both leaning against the balance beam, both of them in identical poses with their arms crossed over their chests.  Clint was perched on the beam next to them, one foot braced on top and the other dangling down to the floor.  Natasha was standing behind him, balanced delicately on one foot.  She raised the other one in a sweeping arc, and Clint ducked under it without even looking back at her.
He looked back to find Tony sitting on the edge of his bed, one hand braced beside him on the mattress.  Steve’s heartbeat accelerated, and he shifted in his seat, trying to ignore the way his body tightened at the sight. “Yes.”
“You’re incorrigible,” Obie said, with a fond smile.  He buttoned up his coat and stabbed a finger in Tony’s direction.  “I’m responsible for you, you know that. I promised your father-”
“You didn’t tell me you were coming here, either,” his father said, turning his attention back to his sushi.  He picked at a roll, the tips of his chopsticks flicking away the wasabi.  “You’re old enough to make your own choices, Deej.”  His eyes came up, and he smiled.  “And you were always smart enough to make your own choices.  So.”  He straightened up.  “It’s your choice.  Can I stay?”
“The invitation,” DJ said, understanding dawning.  His fingers were digging into the fabric of his pants, and he tried to flatten his hands to rest them on his knees.  “I broke the seal.”
“Easy for you to say, you're not married to him,” Tony pointed out as Steve exited the coffee shop, pausing only long enough to hand a final miniature sunflower over to the security guard at the front door.  The man grinned down at it before tucking the flower into his shirt pocket.
He braced a hand on the desk.  “So you let them build their own.  Fill ramekins with shredded carrots and chopped mushrooms and cubes of roast chicken.  Give them tiny rice paper wraps or taco shells.  Give them cheese and dressing and lettuce and let them make their own dinner.”  He shook his head.  “Stir fry tableside, or toss their pasta while they watch, in whatever mess of stuff they want.  And if you have to, have to, have to include the words ‘chicken nuggets’ on your menu and Jesus Christ, I don’t think you do, you have a full kitchen.  You have a full staff.  Learn how to fry some real goddamn fried chicken and if you look in your freezer today and anything in there says ‘Tyson pre-breaded,’ well, then, FUCK YOU.”
He stepped forward, grinding his heel against the remains of the plate before he continued across the room and out the dining room doors.  He didn’t bother to close them, and Tony went back to his porridge, ignoring the burning sensation that curled beneath his breastbone.
“You love numbers,” Rhodey said, as Peter heaved a very long-suffering sigh, pushing himself off of his stool to go and collect the papers.  DJ was there before him, snatching them up and darting around Tony’s legs.
“No one’s getting in or out through that entrance,” Bruce said. “Tony’ll have to take him up the back way straight into the house.”
Tony paused in front of the dining room doors, two massive heavy panels that towered over him, and he hated how those closed doors always made him feel like a child.  A child that was never so sure of his welcome.  He took a deep breath, his hands resting lightly on the handles.  He straightened his shoulders, his chin coming up, and pushed the door open.
Isaiah looked up.  “Ah, yes,” he said, folding his hands on the head of his cane.  “He causing you trouble, ma’am?”
DJ felt Furbro burrow under his shirt, snuggling up against the side of his neck on his shoulder.   He took a deep breath, and then another, letting the noise kind of blur out into something a little less stressful.  A hand touched his arm, and he looked up, finding Steve smiling down at him, his eyes worried.  “You okay with this?” he asked.
“You need to think about this rationally,” Obie said.  “You need to stop being so-”  He shook his head.  “Emotion cannot factor into this, Tony, it’s-”
DJ shook his head again.  “Never replied.  After that first pledge.  Never talked to him.”  He twisted the lid of his water bottle, not quite breaking the seal.  “Seemed wrong.  So I didn’t.  But I-” He shifted, and the cap snapped free.  “I was thinking about it.  A lot.  When this happened.  About him.  About-”  He looked up.  “About you.”
“Anything is worth fixing, if it can be fixed.”  Tony’s head tipped to the side, the line of his jaw sharp as he scowled down at the gears.  Mumbling under his breath, he began the process of disassembling the watch.  He huffed out a breath, holding a spring up to the light.  “Besides, it’s not the watch, it’s who gave it to you.”
“I trust the animal will take care of itself,” Okoye said, digging into her saddlebags.  “You are the one who refuses to sit still long enough to eat more than a few mouthfuls.”
“Oh, you have no idea,” Jarvis said.  “So much effort, so much progress, and now I have a child who will be miserable, a master of the house who is going to take out his bad mood on everyone around him, and a household that’s going to be on edge for days if not weeks.”
“In a manner of speaking,” Jarvis said.  “Also playing, in a manner of speaking.  I doubt he would mind company, if that is what you were inquiring about?”
“Guess he thought we needed to know,” Bruce said.  He was pacing around the room, his gait quick and uneven, almost jerky.  He glanced over his shoulder in Tony’s direction, making eye contact for just a moment before he looked away again.  “Speaking of, uh, where is he?”
“No, but there’s, like, it’s from behind and his pants are really tight,” Peter said.  “Sorry, Steve.  I’m not trying to look at your butt, but this picture is pretty much all butt and-”
Tony sighed.  “Yeah, I figured.”  His fingers twitching, wanting to reach out to his child so much that it was a physical ache.  But he held himself still.  Gave DJ some space.  Gave DJ what he needed, because that was the important thing.  That was the only thing.
DJ slipped the jacket down to his shoulders, clutching it there like a cape.  “Yes,” he said, and his smile was bright and hopeful and heartbreaking.
The girl’s eyes were darting between them now, huge behind the round lenses of her glasses.  “Are…  I’m so sorry for your loss?” she managed when they both swung around to look at her.  She hugged her clipboard tight, her shoulders hunching.  “My parents are alive but kind of, you know, we’re not close, she doesn’t like my girlfriend, or the fact that I have a girlfriend, or me, but, you know, they are still alive, and sometimes I don’t know what to do about that, because-”
Steve waited, but she didn’t say another word as they wandered down the slope of the path.  He nodded.  “Let me guess,” he said, his voice quiet.  “The bill came due.”
“A SHIELD agent has been dispatched from the airport with your luggage,” Jarvis said.  He sounded bored.  As if trying to find Tony clothes before he walked out in public was a task that had fallen to him far too often and now he was just resigned to it.
“Yeah, that's the number one Yelp review I get,” Steve said.  Just in case it was more booze and less food, he fished a bottle of water from the cooler under the counter.  “Here.  On the house.”
Tony's body snapped forward, shooting after it with a roar of his repulsors.  “Still don't know what it's looking for,” he gritted out.  “But I think its found it.”
Jarvis slipped Steve’s coat from his shoulders with practiced ease.  “I know, sir,” he said, giving the cloth a quick flick of his fingers.  “As to what you were actually asking, Mr. Stark is upstairs.”  He looked up, and for the first time, Steve could see the strain around his eyes, the tension that hovered around his mouth.  “He has been most…  Upset about your continued absence.”
