“That’s not my name,” she finally said between gritted teeth. This made the three assholes laugh again, Peter moving to stand between them but was stopped when Wade did it for him.
else has seen that…”
“Oh god please don’t encourage him, I am literally seven years old than him but it feels like
“I have no idea what you’re talking about – “
It didn’t take too long after that when they touched down back at the Tower. Bruce and Natasha helped Clint to medical while Tony and Steve went back to their floor, along with Thor who returned to his. Bucky wanted to go to bed but Daci insisted they go watch Clint and make sure he was okay.
“I’m proud of you cub. And doing a code green in twelve minutes? I think that’s your new record. Although, I gotta say...you are a little stinky. Also, there’s blue paint on your neck. Did you paint at school today?” he asked as her uncles suddenly joined them, their kids attached to them like koalas.
Holy shit.
“Wade…” he growled. “Wait, where are the twins??”
Much to his dismay, his daughter did not want an extravagant eighteenth birthday. They still had another week and a half before their vacation and Emerson refused to let them even through a party for her big day.
“Then why are you always fighting for the remote?” Steve eyed the other man, noting every muscle twitch as he tried to figure out just what the last two months had been about.
A smile bloomed across Tony’s face and he practically hopped over to the redheaded woman to give her a kiss on the cheek. “Deal.”
“I, King Steven Grant Rogers the First of Southern York, High Captain of Brooklyn and Tiarna Vampire of America, take Antonio Carbonell Stark, Duke of Manhattan, Prince of Northern York, and Lord Legatee of Pack America as my mate, as ordained by the stars and destined by the gods. With this ring, Tony, I promise to love you, honor you, make all your days ones of happiness.”
“Do I at least get a name, gorgeous?”  He had wheezed out which seemed to stop the man in his tracks.
@spicyjoe (Joe Flanks) “
Tony shrugged, “Not that I have been doing much of that in a long time, Pepper’s pretty much run things since I inherited the office.”
“Um, yes, thank you.”
Steve blanched, which was pretty amazing considering Tony thought he naturally looked pretty pale.  The blond sat up quickly as if he expected Tony to snatch him and force him into the sea. Tony laughed in delight as Steve coughed conspicuously.  “No, one experience with Sallaga is plenty, thank you.”
“Why the fuck is it sticky?!”
Tony nodded dumbly, distantly aware he was still holding the man’s hand. Though, the man didn’t appear perturbed by that and, in fact, Tony felt the man’s thumb rub slightly over the back of Tony’s hand.
Tony gulped and stepped back, in awe of the execution of the painting. Pepper was forever telling him how paintings should evoke strong emotions and here he was standing in front of only the second painting he’d seen that was capable of reaching into his soul, pulling at memories and long buried emotions.
“My office is boring, and Pepper has everything covered.”  Tony turned a sly look Steve’s way. “I might have legally turned everything over to her.”
“And yours?”
Tony sipped at his coffee, enjoying the show as Steve cooked at the stove.  The blond was swaying his hips just a bit and the sweatpants he had framed his ass gorgeously.  Logan wandered in temporarily drawing Tony’s attention.  The shorter man was dressed mostly in his uniform with only his cowl pushed back.  Tony noted the suit held up famously as Logan took a seat near him at the bar, his own coffee in a take out container from one of the many coffee bars in Queens.
Thankfully the woman reappeared before Steve could read anymore and he shoved his phone back into his pocket. His back pocket, he realized, which was now probably immortalized as a video on TikTok
With a laugh, Pepper looked back up at him and leaned back in her chair.  “So, what were you thinking about so intently that it put a goofy smile on your face?”
Tony’s jaw dropped and he felt like his eyes might pop out his head.  But then he saw the twitching of Pepper’s lips and decided he probably deserved that.  “Those poor animals, Pepper.  Did you really need to drag them into this?”
“Tony, he stabbed you – twice.  Not to mention the fact you ended up in the hospital after the incident at Jan Van Dyke’s charity fashion show.  You were always grumbling about how he had it out for you so I had him served with a restraining order.”
“What’s the horse’s name?” Tony had to clear his throat before he could talk but leaned against the fence as nonchalantly as possible.  He focused all his attention of the man standing only a few feet in front of him.
Steve smoothed down the front of his coat, the blue wool helping to absorb some of the sweat on his palms.  He adjusted the belt his sabre hung from and avoided touching the hilt or any of the brass buttons forming a row down the middle of his coat.  Steve had spent too much time polishing the buttons and the gold-plated hilt to muss them up in the eleventh hour.
sat. Tony could admit that Steven Rogers was good looking. There were dozen of websites solely dedicated to thirsting after the man, as Tony had discovered by innocently stumbling upon, not that he was
“Shut it, Bucky!”  Steve’s face was bright red and Tony only burst out laughing.
“So, good meeting?”  Tony asked with a big grin.
when looked back up at the man’s face again. Red had begun to tinge his cheeks though the concern was still clear in his expression. Their eyes met and it was the blue of the other man’s eyes that hit him. They were the same pale blue in Tony’s painting, darker around the iris than
The man’s brows drew close and down in confusion, his blue eyes shifting in shades of blues like a video of the clear sky at 3x speed.
“I have depantsed you, I’ve stabbed you with a fork, given you a drink with dry ice in it, I knocked you into a wine fountain, and my ex punched you at Terry Crew’s party for underprivileged kids.  And you want to date me.”  Steve was still flabbergasted.  Tony noted he hadn’t even mentioned what happened at the MET Gala or that U2 charity concert.
Tony felt Steve smile, “no, she’s looking at us.”
Steve interrupted them by setting down a plate of food in front of both Logan and Tony.
Steven barked out a startled laugh before cutting it off and hiding his smile behind his hand, “I have always thought the same. Do you have any ideas on how to fix that?”
Steve tried not to look around at the opulence as he removed his helmet.  He remembered the first time he walked into the Stark Mansion and had no intention of making a fool out of himself, again.  His eyes were drawn to the portrait facing the front door. The three Stark’s were exquisitely dressed and staring imperiously at everyone who walked into their home.  Well, Howard looked imperious. Maria had a small smile, a twinkle in her eye as if welcoming people. And Tony. Steve’s breath caught at the rakish smile, smoothed back dark hair and the same twinkle in his blue eyes that Maria had in her dark ones.  Tony’s frock coat was heavily embroidered in a way that was to remind people his family had the money to waste on the extra thread. Maria’s dress was likewise done and the painter had done an amazing job of catching the glimmer of fabric which had to be a fine silk.  Not for the first time Steve wondered why he thought this was a good idea.
Jan pushed and Tony found himself enveloped in the soft embrace of one of the sofas.  He was between Thor and Bruce which he was pretty happy about and laid his head against Thor’s shoulder with an appreciable sigh.  Jan flounced off to take her own seat while Thor put his arm closest to Tony across the back of the sofa, encouraging the billionaire to snuggle up next to him.
That got him another stink eye but she pulled another sheet out from wherever she was getting them under her desk and stamped it. “This is your receipt. Your name should be legally updated as of tomorrow morning and you should get your new social security card in 7-10 business days. Is there anything else I can help you with?”
“For?”
“Science!” Steve declared with a shit eating grin.
“Not in my universe it’s not,” Tony retorted. “I’ll just go get one myself.”
was the next text followed quickly by,
“Couldn't get him to at least clean up a bit before you dragged him up here?”
“My painting,
“Shit.”
“No, m...iss. Thank you for your help.” Steve gave her a small smile.
“Oh good, my TV show is on.”
“You okay?”
“Oh, I’m Steve Rogers. Sorry, I should have introduced myself earlier.”
Tony was ecstatic.  For several seconds, they just stared at each other with big grins on their faces.  They both were brought out of the moment when a voice called out from the back room.
“That one's marked $800, but even I think that’s a bit much. I’d be willing to sell it for $500.” The man had decades on Tony, the top of his head bald and the fuzz circling his head wild and erratic. His pale grey eyes didn’t show any recognition in who Tony was and how much money Tony had access to, which would have been refreshing if Tony wasn’t so caught up in the brush strokes of the oil painting in his hand.
Tony stilled, looking back at Steve with a touch of wariness in his bright blue eyes, “Of course I don’t.”
The second one had a link to a picture someone had taken not more than 30 minutes ago and posted to Twitter. Steve was looking awkward and trying to appear as small as possible in the uncomfortable plastic chairs in the lobby. He looked cramped, squished between a young mother with a baby on her lap and a man dressed in a bespoke suit apparently fuming at the mouth.  But despite that, Steve was grinning at his phone. He had been playing Tsuki Adventure while waiting with the others for his number to be called and the art always made him smile.
“Hulk crushed that one yesterday.”
Logan grunted, “Me, the spider twins, and the meatheads for hire, not that you or Cap could be bothered to join us.”
“I will leave the decision up to Tony, then.  It is his life, after all, and I will abide by his wishes.” Steve got out between gritted teeth.  Only his death grip on sword and helmet kept him from reaching out and strangling the older man.
Almost in panic, the man rushed after the papers, alternating between sporadic coughing and loud whining.  Tony couldn’t help but laugh at the spectacle.  The second man, who had been trudging dutifully behind the other trying to capture as many sheets as he could, turned as if he had heard Tony’s laugh even over the sound of waves and wind.  There had to be at least 15 meters between them, but Tony saw the sun catch on the man’s blue eyes in recognition.  Those eyes weren’t as dark as the sea, but they weren’t as light as a clear day. Somewhere between those two places was the exact color of blue that lit up the man’s eyes.  Tony smiled brightly at him and waved his entire arm in an excited greeting to him.
Jarvis eyed Steve speculatively before his lips tipped up slightly.
“What did I do?”
“Sorry I’m late. Hopefully you haven’t been waiting long.”
The ring shone brightly in the light of the cathedral from where Tony let it rest at the base of Steve’s finger. Without a thought for whatever the Sorcerer Strange was saying as part of the marriage ceremony, Steve surged forward. Tony met him in the middle, their hands tightly clasped as their lips pressed hard and perfectly together. Tony had not said what he said as a flowery show for the tabloids. Instead, he realized, every word was true. While he had felt being anyone's husband would mean restricting who he was, he realized, being Steve’s husband meant the opposite. Steve was the roots keeping him grounded as he grew, spread his branches and reached to the sky.
“I am always happy to see you, Tony.  I am, however, not excited by the aspect of Pepper, Rhodey, or,” he shuddered, “Jarvis coming to find you when they realized you have ditched your office again.”
“I …,” Steve began, leaning back casually in his high backed chair, “I am glad you have friendly faces in this unusual place.”
Tony turned to the voice, partially irritated at the interruption and curious about the person who’d actually reached up and lightly touched the back of Tony’s bicep through his suit jacket. He had to look up to meet the man’s eyes, which would have normally been irritating just on principle but Tony found he couldn’t be irritated at this man. He had a head of dark blond hair that fell over his concerned forehead and a jawline Tony wanted to run his tongue over. His cheekbones were just as impressive and when Tony managed to give the other man a once over he was suitably impressed by just how well built the man was. Tony’s first thought was he must be arm candy for one of the wealthy widows that seemed to be a staple at these events but then he noticed the relaxed khakis and off the rack blazer over a plain blue dress shirt - which if was correct, had drops of dried paint on it.
"You're okay with me cutting and coloring my hair?" he heard her ask.
“Like...a marriage ring?”
“Welcome home, child.”
"Hey guys, Miles are you kicking butt and taking names?" she asked as she moved to sit next to Wade on one of the recliners.
“What does that have to do with –“
“No little bro,” Bucky began more seriously, causing Steve to suddenly look up at him.
“Actually Pop, what Dad said sounds amazing,” she said – feeling like Tony deserved one too – as she further curled up in his embrace. She had her eyes closed, so she couldn’t see the two men absolutely beaming at each other. She felt Tony practically pull her on his lap as she simply snuggled up further into his embrace.
“I’m five and a half, Papa,” the boy said as he held up one hand to show it as well.
"I love you, very much kiddo. And I want you to understand that I'm coming from a place of both love and empathy. You..." he couldn't help but laugh before continuing. "You are way too similar to me kiddo, like deja-vu but if I was a gorgeous young woman. Which I could've pulled off, just for the record," he added and laughed a little along with Emerson, glad to see her relax and scoot closer to her father.
“Night JoJo, sweet dreams,” the brunette called to her.
“It was nice to meet you guys, but I really do have to run. Joey, call me,” she said with a wink that had the teen glad she was already sitting down.
“I knew I could never replace your dad,” he choked out that last word, heart always
“Fuck you!” she said, spitting some of the blood in her mouth at him. He sucked his teeth a few times while he wiped the blood off his face.
“Sorry, I…” a hiccup interrupted her speech as she did her best to hide it. She blinked away some tears as she saw Tony approach her. A gentle hand rested on her shoulder before she finally looked up at him.
“I love you, very much kiddo,” he said looking into both of her eyes. “I hope someday you really see that…” She knew what he was saying, knew that he was aware of something dark that had happened that she refused to talk about. He had seen her several times in the early hours of the morning, trying to comfort herself after a nightmare as she watched TV in the living room, occasionally joining her after he finished tinkering in his lab. He knew what it was like to have your past demons haunt you, but Emerson also knew his demons. Knew they didn’t mean he deserved any less. Though…she does recall him also calling himself a monster…
“Can we see him?” Emerson asked with a sad pouty lip. It broke his heart.
“The man in red…the one who saved you last night?”
"Captain, Stark," the man said in greeting before turning back to the teen in front of him.
He sat quietly waiting for Peter to start before realizing he was the one who suggested the walk.
The good mood extended even after they only had half an hour to sleep, going through a drive thru coffee shop and grabbing extra drinks and donuts for the people they knew would already be there waiting for them.
“Yeah. With alcohol. And a good chunk of the school. Not to brag, but I throw pretty epic ragers, Rogers,” Tony said smugly and Steve couldn’t help but chuckle at his confidence.
Tony spoke first. “Hey kiddo, Steve told me what’s going on. And much to my frustration, I’m apparently not allowed to suit up and take care of this personally – he added a sideways glance to his husband, which made a small smile appear on Emerson’s face – so why don’t we focus on the here and now and how we can help, okay?” She took a moment to look at the two men, two superheroes who didn’t owe this waste of space a damn thing, before giving a small nod.
“I meant it about…standing up, for them.” He paused, considering his words before shaking his head with a smile. “Women and gays deserve respect, I’d better see you do the same. Especially with your growth spurt lately, soon you’ll be taller than me and can probably kick my ass. You won’t, of course, but you’ll try.”
"What haircut?" Tony called after her as he turned to look at his husband in betrayal. Steve simply laughed at the man as he helped Miles take his plate back to the sink.
“Language,” Tony offered before howling at the pain that instantly blossomed from his ass. The genius could imagine the red hand print and was thankful the lab was sound proof as his husband continued playing their game.
“You son of a bitch, trying to frame me because your little step-delinquent got shit-faced?” Voldemort sneered at him as he felt Steve shift to stand in between them. He stood glaring, feeling Steve take a breath to speak before they were interrupted by a certain teen.
“Well congrats on getting the training wheels off, I’ve been following him for months. Now, if you’ll excuse me, little boy,” Daredevil said before climbing up a building, leaving the teen glaring from the streets below.
Nat had walked around to grab Morgan, taking her a few feet away and teaching her niece to tumble. Wiggly legs made Steve bring his attention back to his mini me before gently laying him on the padded ground. He suddenly noticed that Daci was quiet, just watching the group before Steve decided to make her an offer.
“I’m sorry, who is your father?” Rebecca asked; the slightly bitchier of the two. Janet, the other certified cunt, giggled at her question.
The super soldier blinked a few times before looking into the eyes of a man who has put his husband in his place more times than he has. Rhodey gave him the same look he had seen thrown at Tony a million times before. It was that
wrong. Am I right?” The glare and shrug was the only response he got from the pup. “Well, I have no intention to hurt either of you. But like I said before, tell on me if I do. I like you and your Daddy too much to mess this up.”
Well, not them, Steve.
"Absolutely," her Pop said with a smile as he also brought the two glasses of orange juice. She was so excited she coughed while inhaling her food, twice.
was worth it.
"Smart of you to offer those first two options, Thumper," the brunette said with a smile as she winked back at him.
“Want some company?” Steve slurred, hoping to come off cooler then he sounded in his head.
“Look, I love your family. But we’ve been spending all of our time with them. And I’ve really missed your cock,” Clint said blatantly with a shoulder shrug. His boyfriend playfully shoved his shoulder as Stark pulled up in his mustang. The two teens slid in the backseat as Steve nodded to them from the passenger seat.
"Alright Em, what's up? Steve can only stall that kid for so long," the father teased as he moved to sit closer to his girl.
“Hey, um, is Bucky here?”
“I regret telling you that,” he teased back. He didn’t regret it.
“Do you think...do you think my Tati is happy?”
“No, it’s...he doesn’t understand. Those two all day every day...I don’t think I can handle another.”
“If you did your job and read my case file, you would note that both men and women have royally fucked me over.”
“Nat tells me you heard about the newest vigilante swinging through the streets. Think he’s one of Xavier’s?” his Pop asked.
And as she clicked the red button, placing the phone back on the night stand, she thought to herself she didn’t really mind the childish implications, the nicknames or terms of endearment. She, in this moment, was just a kid who needed her dads. Two dorky, loud, ridiculous, kind, loving human beings that were happy to oblige a child’s request.
"Actually Miles, she lives with three superheroes," Steve corrected as the little boy's eyes lit up once more. "Emerson, why don't you go get your brother to meet Miles?" Emerson's eyes lit up as well before she turned to get her little brother's attention.
“Oh, I wasn’t thinking about dad…I was thinking about Steve. It was bad enough when I lost my dad, but if I lost Steve too?” she looked away and cleared her throat, upset at even the thought of losing her uncle. The only family she had left.
Tony took off his suit jacket as they heard the elevators ding. A few seconds later, Joey joined them in the kitchen. She looked a little angry but softened her face when she saw Tony looking at her. He raised a brow at her, reaching an arm out to give her a hug in greeting. She easily melted into his embrace, the man smiling and planting a kiss on her head.
So here he was, sitting in the station at the end of his shift, listening to his friends do their best to convince him to at least get a drink to celebrate.
“Yes you do,” James said into his ear again, sending a shiver down the blonde’s spine.
“But Daddy! We wanna build a fort,” he heard his niece complain, eyes still closed as he tucked himself further into the couch.
“Hey,” she offered as he smiled back.
It didn’t help when Stone was saying shit about Steve behind his back and to Harley’s face. Or when he flaked on the pup and Steve and Tony had to pick up the pieces.
“I heard Papa and Daddy talking about Daddy’s heart. He said he’ll need surgery,” he said with a frown as he continued with his artwork. “But Papa promised he’d be okay.” Joey dropped her crayons as the words hit her like a slap to the face.
God he was such a fuck up.
That night had ended
"How long have you two been dating?" Emerson asked excitedly. He heard his oldest tell his Dad it made sense, which Tony agreed.
“Steve? What the hell?”
“I’ll be fine, Rhodey will be there too and I’ll be attached to your hip all evening. Let’s just keep it about you and me and this fundraiser, okay?” Tony asked as he walked over to wrap his arms around Steve’s middle.
“Do you hear what your son is saying about me?” the genius asked.
“Oh, dirty talk, Steven? At least wait until Jo leaves so the three of us can establish a safe-word,” he retorted.
“See? You’re a great dad, Buck.”
“Yes please,” Daci answered, putting a bigger smile on the billionaire’s face.
“My name’s not on the lease,” she countered.
Peter sat with his father as they both settled on the couch, Peter speaking quietly even though she wasn’t within earshot. “I honestly don’t know. I don’t know her that well; I’ve just heard rumors about her.”
Even though it seemed he had a personal dislike towards the arachnid, it was obvious he at least semi-trusted Wade. And he definitely liked the twins. To be fair, the seven year old wasn’t a fan of their crying or normal toddler tantrums, but when they were cute and calm he spent a lot of time playing with them.
“What? I can’t surprise my husband and his hard working employees with some Mexican food?” Tony asked as Joey tried her best not to stare at the god.
“You didn’t have to do this, Steve,” Tony said more seriously, stopping himself from actually eating one.
“Can...can I hug you?” she asked quietly, still feeling nervous even though they openly invited hugs. She startled for a moment when he only looked up at the ceiling before realizing he was blinking back tears. Arms were suddenly reaching out and pulling her into a hug as she couldn’t help but giggle in happiness as she returned it.
Tony finished with purr, sending shivers down Steve’s spine and soothing his anger a little.
In a…locker room?
Until later that evening.
“It’s a joke, you know, cause he’s a twinkie?” John said smugly.
“That’s more important to you than someone almost assaulting me?” she asked incredulously.
“Trauma appears in different ways, Dad,” Peter smugly said, cutting him off.
“Romanoff.”
His husband stopped and squinted at the darker haired man, “our kid,” he said gruffly before gently moving Emerson to Tony’s lap. She stirred a little as Steve got up to leave and even opened her eyes for a moment before looking up at the genius.
“Hello! You must be the famous Harley I’ve heard about. Do you know who I am, pup? I’m your Daddy.”
He got a few looks, but thankfully no one throughout the day interrupted the little family. Peter rode the marry-go-round so many times that even Tony had to take a break, enjoying taking pictures of the two and grateful for the teen who simply switched to sitting on the same horse as Peter; clutching him close and laughing merrily with him.
“But! That’s not even whyyyyy,” Clint whined again, even adding some foot stomping for good measure.
If it wasn’t for Rhodey’s impressive tattling abilities – he probably wouldn’t be telling his husband tonight.
“You’re right, underage drinking doesn’t exactly bring out the fun in me.”
She flung herself at them and into their joined embrace, unbelievably happy and grateful.
“Emerson, you’re not Robert Sanchez. You’re not the man who stole your innocence, or the woman who abandoned you, or the foster parents who mistreated you. You are an incredibly resilient and kind young woman…who did what she thought was right when she was just a six year old.”
“Because I didn’t think I deserved any better, Steve. He convinced me I didn’t. Well…” he scoffed and looked away again. “…him and Howard.”
I am,” Tony said with a weird smile.
"No chill, Momma!" Jamie giggled as their daughter simply rolled her eyes at the two.
“I’ll go tell my team,” Steve suggested as he followed the Commander out of his office.
Her body go rigid and frozen in place as she stared at the impossible.
“Yeah well...
“–Tony.”
“Daci’s learning how to write her name,” Steve replied with a smile as he drew a few more lines on a few more pages.
“Yeah I guess,” her little brother said with a smile.
MILES
“We’ll be in touch, Tiberius,” Tony said, grabbing his pup’s hand and leading his family away from his past. Even though he knew deep down this wasn’t the end of that son of a bitch ruining his life.
"What he means to say, is that they are
Her gaze stayed on the floor, too ashamed of herself to move. She heard a sigh before her Tati was lifting her up into his arms and hugging her tight. Daci remained limp for a moment before quickly returning the embrace, unable to stop the tears free flowing down her cheeks.
It was times like this she felt like an outsider looking in.
“Okay! I get it! Sorry I lied ONE TIME because I wanted Brad Pitt for myself, okay? Jesus. Have I ever lied to you about things
question.
He got a text from him a few minutes later, around the time of the end of Peter’s first song – making sure to clap loudly before checking his phone.
“Clint, tell Stevie he needs to get laid or at the very least - make new friends,” his unhelpful brother pleaded to his boyfriend. They met Clint in kindergarten, not long after Steve’s Pop married Bucky’s Mom. The scruffy little Omega followed Buck around like a lost puppy looking for scraps. Which Bucky didn’t notice until some kids were teasing Clint for his hearing aids.
“Too fast,” Peter said with a pout, sliding into the seat next to her as she only offered him a smug grin in return. She was in too good a mood today to let him guilt her.
“Yes but I have no idea how to find that man’s number! I don’t even know his first name,” Rhodey said as he continued walking around.
“Hey, upping your dosage is a hell of a lot better than
“I’m right here, I’m not walking anywhere,” the man said, back still to Steve.
“Why wouldn’t you tell us?” Tony asked sadly.
“Heyyyy is that my favorite brother finally showing his face?” his sister called as she made herself visible while their brother Bucky yelled a ‘hey!’ in offense. Becca was sixteen and went back and forth on her favorite brother based on who she wanted a favor from.
“They’re with May, just you and me tonight, beloved,” Steve said gently. Tony offered a half smile in response, looking eternally grateful at Steve – before said look turned mischievous.
“My lucky cannoli,” Steve specified as he spun Tony around. The shorter teen tried to maintain his glare as the blonde just laughed at him. “What’s wrong with cannoli? Is it cause you’re not technically cream filled?”
“I wanna be nakey!” she shouted, continuing running around the living room. Their mom laughed before going to the kitchen to start on dinner.
“What?” Tony asked, knowing that look on his face means that the Beta solved something.
,” he finished with a growl. “You’re so lucky Hill took pity on your sorry ass and you better pray no one got a picture of your little adventure.”
“Okay! I get it,” she slipped out, cries increasing when that statement just lost her only thin layer of protection. Her Dad yanked her underwear down to her thighs and continued with his punishment. She couldn’t help it, she tried squirmed away from him.
"Now, you had an accident in your Spiderman pajamas. Do you want another pair of Spiderman or something else?"
It worked, for the most part, focusing the two shorter teens’ attentions as they once again talked about Buck’s ass.
“Alright come on my boys!” the Omega chirped with a clap of his hands, gently pushing Harley up the driveway. Steve followed the pair, smiling when Tony paused to grab his hand. A quick kiss on the cheek warmed his heart and Steve could feel comfort from the Omega through the bond. The reassurance Steve needed to knock on the front door before opening it and bringing the group inside.
“Captain Rogers, actually. And it’s a pleasure to meet you, Mr. Stark,” Steve said with a smile, not backing down from the posturing.
He can suddenly picture a tiny Tony, remembering the face of the sweet boy he’d kissed fourteen years ago.
"So...you and Pop used to date, huh?" Bucky's brow raised at the question, sending a smile to Tony at the familiar Stark sass.
Which only reignited his fury. He needed to vent this to someone.
Steve laughed at his brother’s antics, returning the favor before a full out bubble war broke out. A moment later the toddler reappeared and quickly joined the fight.
“I thought I lost everything when I lost my Dad, but you lost your brother. I only had him for twelve years but he was your big brother for twenty six.” Steve’s laugh stopped her momentarily from saying anything else.
“Yeah, Harley picked it out. After his favorite book, Peter Rabbit.” The name of his other son startled Tony as he looked to his mate.
“So I don’t get a say in this? You really expect me to be able to handle four kids?” her Tati asked as Steve asked the ceiling robot to bring the boys back into the living room.
“Yeah and you’ve got three of them! Jesus, Stevie. I knew you’d settle down but three babies? At once?”
“No…apparently our picture was taken last night…” Steve said angrily at the realization of the lack of privacy. The truth is he knew this was inevitable, but the other voicemails is what pissed him off.
“A whole Uncle Rhodey Adventure Weekend?!” Peter gasped in excitement, hands coming up to his face like Kevin in Home Alone. And didn’t that just seal the deal…sure enough Rhodey had a smile on his face as he caught the child who ran for a hug.
Tony, with a small smile, continued grumbling, “that didn’t stop us from doing it on the kitchen counter…”
“Ice cream? They haven’t had lunch yet,” he complained as his toddlers scrambled off their uncle and ran to the kitchen.
“Come on hot stuff,” the taller teen said with a smile as he grabbed Tony’s hand. “I wanna see your moves.”
“Hello to you too,” he said sarcastically. His husband had his arms crossed as he walked around to stand in front of the super soldier.
“There’s just…a TMZ article about one of Tony’s exes reappearing yesterday,” he said, showing her his phone.
“It’s all a little complicated, but just know no matter what, your Dad and I are still a team and none of this should affect your belief that you aren’t safe staying here…”
So of course she just found out that not only was her dad in danger of dying…but he kept it from her.
Steve took a moment to look quizzically between the two before interrupting their confessions.
“No you can’t!” she complained after bouncing a little, smiling up at him as she grabbed a pillow and threw it at his head. He caught it before that could happen.
“Steve, you are the most amazing Alpha, mate and father. But if you keep going at this rate you will absolutely lose your mind. Trust me, okay? When Harley was born I tried to do everything myself and I nearly collapsed from the effort. I don’t need you to do every little thing, I need you well rested and at your best. You’ve been cooking, cleaning and taking care of me, Harley and Peter all while still working at the gym. Which - I called your Pappy and he said he doesn’t want to see you for at least a week.”
Steve couldn’t help the smile and head shake. “You wanna play it that way?” he said with an especially thick Brooklyn accent, slowly making himself stand and over exaggeratingly dusting his clothes off. “Fine. But just know, you two brought this upon yourselves,” he said pointing a finger at the pair. What they expected was a boulder of a man throwing himself on top of them. What they got, was a super soldier calmly walking over to his husband – maintaining a glare to the two – before throwing his leg over to straddle the man, promptly sitting in his lap.
“You will later,” the shorter man said with a wink. Steve found himself smiling and rolling his eyes at the man, but his gut was still unsteady.
“I gotta make a quick phone call, if you two will excuse me,” Tony said getting off the couch and ignoring the desperate look Rhodey sent him. He stepped into the nearby library, able to drone out most of Peter’s ‘music.’ He dialed the number Steve gave him, only now wondering if this was really a good idea as the phone clicked.
“Yeah,” Steve admitted with a sigh. “She got back three weeks earlier than she was supposed to…”
“Bucky is he literally passed out on his floor?” Steve asked in concern, letting the irritation drip into his voice.
“Alright, well, you have the money to bail him out…so,” Tony laughed as he brought her back into his embrace, heart burning with love for this girl. “He’s lucky it’s Steve and not me.”
"Your Papa wet the bed until he was ten or eleven. And I know for a fact Spiderman has wet the bed on many occasions," he said giggling along with his youngest. They settled in silence for a moment before he snapped the lights off, Tony wondering if he could fall asleep if he tried to make it about his son.
“You were just doing it! What now that a camera’s on you you wanna pretend you don’t wanna try anymore?” Bucky asked with a frown.
“So that makes Em…” Steve said thinking as Tony finished for him “four.” The husbands looked at each other for another sad moment before Peter interrupted them.
Steve thought to himself.
As Thor was talking, Clint noticed Bruce move to stand sheepishly behind the tall blonde. His brown hair was in disarray and his glasses askew...and were those...hickies on his neck?
Sure enough, Bucky watched in horror as Clint was suddenly several feet in the air, blood beginning to appear in his panicked eyes. He wasn’t sure what came over him...but without thinking Bucky stood up, reached over Steve to grab the shield and threw it...aiming for his daughter’s head.
He was probably getting up to leave, realizing that Clint just wasn’t worth all of this. They had a good run, but all good things must come to an end.
“If it is your father’s wish, then another two years you must wait, my nephew.” Thor said before turning to Emerson. “I must be off now, it was a pleasure to meet you, my newest niece. I do hope upon my return I hear stories of you and young Peter here besting these so called superheroes, as I have many times before.”
“She may be in the potty, buddy,” Tony offered, “or she went to the kitchen for a snack.”
“Yeah?” Harley asked again, voice shaky from his tears.
“Piggy back ride?” the blonde asked the other man with a smirk, fumbling when the brunette dropped his hand from the weird question. “Hey!” Clint cried in protest when her Tati took a step away from him. Daci saw her opportunity and took a step towards the blonde, reaching up and offering the man her hand for support. Without hesitation, the blonde grabbed her hand with a big smile on his face. “Thank you, favorite Barnes,” he said before sticking his tongue out at the older man, which got a giggle out of the girl.
And for his husband to create something that could help women like her?
“I see that, beloved. But I am trying to take your pants off. Which of the two can we put off until later?” the genius whispered as he again closed the gap, hand reaching out to palm his husband’s pants tent. He smiled wickedly when Steve threw his head back in pleasure and his hips involuntarily pushed into the genius’ touch. He leaned up to kiss those plump lips after hearing them whisper his name, but was shocked when Steve not only kissed first, but lifted the shorter man up and around to sit him on the table. Tony’s legs opened up, further inviting the super soldier in, as the two made out and grinded against each other.
After several minutes of playing in the water, the two walked back hand in hand, Tony suddenly dragging the two to a very tempting looking hammock. There was a side table, where a waitress brought two iced teas and assorted fruit. Tony tipped her as well, somehow pulling dry cash out of his wet boxer briefs; which were black and hugged his body just right against his olive skin - which would tan soon on this beach...
"How's the firm, Joey?" Steve asked as he watched his husband make silly faces at their grand-baby to get her laughing.
"Not today, I need more time to plan it. For the King, of course," she said quickly as she made her way to her room.
“Look, I don’t know what kind of mutant factory you crawled out of mister wannabe hero, but I’m betting SHIELD isn’t aware of your ‘jurisdiction’-”
“You’ve been in a fight, I can see that Joey,” he said softly as she turned and looked incredulously at him. “Someone used your ribs as a punching bag and something happened to your face,” he added as Tony rejoined them and sat on the other side of Joey after handing her the glass.
“I do, yeah,” he said, and even though she couldn't see him from behind her, she knew he was smiling by his voice.
, he thinks to himself, testing his body to see if he had any injuries. His right side still hurt, and glancing at it revealed something that sent off all of his alarm bells.
The brunette couldn’t help gawking at them for a moment before snapping out of it and joining them.
“Jo, do you want to talk about it?” she heard her Pop ask. She again shook her head no. “Okay, can I ask
Steve mulled those words over in his head, wanting to protest even as he swayed on his feet.
His head lolled on his shoulder, and Peter found himself clutching the boy a little tighter to his chest as he saw his husband and Melanie waiting outside for them. Even if Peter had been doubting Leo's placement with them, he couldn't deny the overwhelming urge to protect this child.
Steve rolled his eye at his old friend, too exhausted to reprimand him for his not-endearment. Plus Emerson looked happy with her drink as she took his seat to enjoy it. Steve remained standing; opting to stretch his legs as he graciously accepted a donut from Rhodey.
“Hey guys, how’s it going?” the man they were talking about asked as he poked his head in the bathroom.
Peter carefully moved off his Dad’s lap to take his Pop’s seat, attention fully on the genius.
While he was thankful help was coming...how the hell was he going to explain this to anybody?
“Just like a weekend or something, not long. Just a few days to recharge. In fact,” Steve paused, turning to Tony with a gleam in his eye. “We should go away this weekend, to your private island. It’s our anniversary after all.”
"Hey guys," the man greeted with an arm raised at the family. Bucky kept walking towards them, shooing the sheep away as they slowly stopped smothering the family. "Hey Pete," the man said with a wide smile as the oldest opened his arms in greeting.
She hadn't seen Shuri since her adoption party and she wasn't even sure the woman would remember her, let alone think of her anything other than her friend's little sister. She didn't even know if the princess liked women! For all she knows she's been anxious for nothing, the woman probably has a prince she's going to marry.
“Then explain it to him,” she cut him off, always able to cut through his bullshit. He stared back at her, hands starting to shake as he tried to come up with more excuses.
“JOEYYYYYYYYYYYYYY!” Peter shouted suddenly, startling the man so that he dropped the brown sugar he had just picked up.
"Congrats crazy pants," Wade said as Peter offered his "congrats baby sis!" She heard the King behind them, turning to accept her future brother-in-law's hug as he smiled at her and offered his own congratulations.
Just that they were
-----
The fear and utter disgust that also came off his scent in waves had the Omega recoil back as if he’d been slapped. The words that came from the lips he had once loved kissing, insinuating that this was somehow Tony’s fault had crushed his soul.
Steve and Bucky paired off while Clint and Natasha did the same, the two groups separating to cover more ground. Steve held his hand up to signal Bucky to stop, but he could hear her voice. Not the voice of the sweet angel that had saved his life.
Steve watched the car leave, chest heaving as he worked on not turning fully feral. He could feel a little bit of red bleed into his eyes before a hand grabbed his arm to bring him back.
He raised his hand to knock but was startled by the sounds behind the door. It sounded like children screaming, did Bucky have siblings?
“So…” Tony started, not liking the way his husband’s eyes closed in preparation. “Joey had another seizure…” he said carefully. Steve’s eyes burst open in concern until he told him the rest of that story.
She was totally being selfish.
“So do you,” he returned with his tongue sticking out; as mature adults do.
“And get to brag to my graduating class that I’m the luckiest bastard alive? Fuck yeah.”
Yes. 1000% stolen from 10 Things I Hate About You
“Tony…” Steve began, slightly less angry as Tony was starting to take up that space in the car.
“You don’t know that,” she countered with a smile in her voice. He laughed loudly, turning to smile at Tony who had laughed as well – tears in his eyes like the other two.
MILES
“Don’t listen to Clint. In fact, anything Clint says you can probably just ignore,” her Tati quipped, which Daci could recognize was playful and not serious. Especially since Clint immaturely stuck his tongue out at her father.
“I’m so sorry about him, just ignore my brother,” Steve said to Tony, though he couldn’t help but notice the slight pink to Tony’s cheek as well. It was fucking adorable.
“Daddy, are we getting a dog??” Harley asked excitedly, causing the two adults to share a look.
“Jay, have you seen my baby? About eight pounds, cute as hell and loud as all get out?” Tony sleepily asked the butler. The old man smiled before turning to the teen.
Falling for guys that could never - and would never - like him back.
But then he saw him running in the park!
straight people?”
"He had some last minute stuff come up, so I'm terribly sorry you won't have the opportunity to do it, my princess," Peter said before yelping - Emerson could imagine Shuri had hit him for that comment. The eighteen year old quickened her steps to catch up with her parents, not wanting to seem like a creep. She laughed as she stood next to her Pop, listening as T'Challa answered the ten million questions Miles had about the suit.
and headed towards their family to continue celebrating.
Steve had plenty of experience with toddlers. Well, one toddler.
"-Anthony!" his Pop said, making his Dad turn around on the couch to face him. "We are
Now…he wonders if he’d be proud of the two of them. Of the amazing young woman his daughter is becoming.
“No, Mama. Steve and I want to wait until he or she comes out.” Tony felt Steve grab his hand, giving a gentle squeeze and feeling love pushing through the bond in response.
With everything that has been happening lately, it was exactly what he needed from his love. And Tony read his mind, snaking his other arm to wrap fully around Steve and rested his head on the blonde’s shoulder.
Sam opened his mouth to answer, but was cut off when Steve spoke up and lied.
“Spoiled implies I always get my way, and I don’t always get my way. Just…most of the time. And no I didn’t always want to run a fortune 500 company, numerous charities, or serve on the board of several non-profits. I did however dream of making robots, which is partly what I do in R&D. Also advanced weaponry for the military which is how my father started the company…I’m sorry am I boring you? Cause I’m boring myself just saying that.” Steve laughed easily with him, finding it easier to answer his original question.
Steve shot a glare her way. Ever since he was promoted six months ago, she only called him Captain when he was obviously failing at something. Like dressing a tiny tornado.
"Pop gave me permission to do anything necessary when it came to you, specifically, and that means using my super strength to force this down your throat. So, what's it gonna be
“Bambino,” his Mama said, voice filled with both sadness and ire, “if you’re grown up enough to commit adult acts, then you’re grown up enough to face the consequences of those acts.”
Jerk had left Peter his key, along with printed out receipts of the bills being paid for the next five years. He didn’t actually know if he wanted his key back, so he had left it in Wade’s hiding spot, telling himself Wade clearly wanted it this way.
“You’re not crazy,” she said kindly, anger immediately dissipating. “But he’s going to start to think something’s up soon, because you’re a terrible liar. And even if he was secretly a jerk and held that against you...then you’ll know he isn’t the one for you. But you wanna know what I think?”
“Oh hush with the dramatics and let me see my grandson,” Aunt Peggy hushed him, taking the boy from a reluctant man as the others rushed around her to coo at the perfect being.
“Nice try, kiddo,” Tony said with a smile. “How about we just eat this food that is probably cold, which I’m happy to heat up, and we’ll
“I thought you hated weed?” Clint asked quietly. The handsome teen looked back at him curiously, a small smile on his face.
"What happened at school today, baby?" the blonde asked with concern.
“If you can’t sleep, I can play a movie or something. Or we can talk, or just sit here quietly,” he offered as she began playing with the covers. She thought about his offer as she sat silently, before shooting a smile at him. When they heard footsteps walking down the hall, he raised his brows at her and grinned at the teen – who held her breath as they both looked at the door.
If anything, Steve was well educated in the medical field enough to calm down the frantic genius…but the thought of putting more on his plate because of Tony was…
The same one she usually stopped at to gaze upon, this time staring at the ground.
She leaned against the tree outside about a block away, pretending to play on her phone while she scouted out for people she could ask.
The thought brought Steve’s soldier to attention, picturing what that gorgeous ass would look like in sexy ladies underwear. Cheeks flushed, he looked back at his husband whose expression had turned dark with lust.
Steve squeezed Bucky’s arm in thanks before standing up a little straighter, taking a deep breath to fully calm his nerves.
“That’s a great idea!” Steve said plating some of the pancakes before handing them to her. “I didn’t have anything planned today besides make sure this one ate and slept,” nodding towards to brunette, who had a mockingly “hurt” look on his face.
But he found him a moment later, when the sneaky bastard grabbed his butt from behind. He yelped as he turned around, the love of his life finally resurfacing.
“Steven, love of my life, man of my dreams, she is referencing a song,” Tony explained after allowing a few more chuckles out, moving to wrap an arm around his husband’s waist.
“So when you were little,” she continued, “you probably called them Papa and Daddy, right?”
“Sam, don’t call my kids terrorists,” he gruffed half-heartedly.
She stole a glance at him, checking to see if that was enough. He nodded toward the bottle as she reluctantly finished downing the entire drink and placed it on her side table. She wiped her mouth with the back of her hand, turning to him with her head downcast.
He'd also surprised Steve with a new watch, art supplies, canvases for his studio and some fun adult gifts they didn't open in front of their boys.
"I can't believe you wouldn't tell me about something like that if you knew! I can't believe you'd keep something like that from me, especially if you knew how I felt!"
He said nothing, instead moving past Nat and into the apartment. He looked back and forth before turning towards the bedroom. When he spotted Peter curled up under the blankets, he sat down on the edge of the bed and took Peter's hand into his gloved ones. He watched Peter's face. He knew that Widow chick was right behind him somewhere, as he could feel her eyes judging him. He pretended not to notice and brushed his thumb across Peter's hand before pausing to look at the irritated scratch on his wrist.
"And you'll do whatever it takes to earn some of those things, won't you, Parker?"
Wade sucked on the tube until the blood started to flow, then he hooked it to the bag and sat back to watch the magic. There were no noises in the cabin but the drip, drip, dripping of Peter's blood. It's a good thing he wasn't returning with Peter, really. He'd hate to be there when they found the Symbiotes were missing... He knew they'd blame it on Peter, but he couldn't just show up and rightfully take the blame like he should.
MJ shook her head and crossed her arms. "We're not leaving Peter. Not until he's better... I know he's safe with you, but he's my friend."
Wade and Peter don't talk about having sex, only to have more sex to not talk about later.
He lets out a chuckle and is about to speak again when he hears a soft wailing from the bathroom. It's quite obvious that Peter's trying to conceal it, but the sound makes Wade's heart climb into his throat and then drop into his stomach. It was all he needed to hear to know the truth.
Steve stepped around Bucky and took another step towards Peter who stepped back so quickly he collided with the wall behind him. Bucky grabbed onto Steve's arm and pulled him back so he was once again standing behind him with Nat.
Steve greeted Tony and Bruce with hot cups of coffee while they put their gifts with the others. Tony laughed as he put a sparkling Santa's hat on Steve's head and Steve almost wanted to kiss him. Nat could see it in his eyes how badly he wanted to do it, but he wasn't about to come between him and Bruce. They seemed to have something really good going for them, and as long as Tony was happy then it was enough for Steve.
"Mr. Stark came and sat with you for quite some time."
She figured that was the guy, based on the cutesy heart and winky emojis next to his name.
Steve would go back to his pre-serum days when the cold nipped at his bones and burned his lungs. When his asthma was so bad he couldn't take a breath. He'd go back there if it meant Peter would be okay, and Tony? Nobody was quite sure what Tony would do for Peter. He was the least affectionate to him out of everyone in the group.
He had Peggy, but she wasn't really his. It was 1945. After Steve went into the ice, Peggy went on to fight, like he knew she would. She had a family. A husband, children. She became a godmother in 1970 when Howard and Maria had their baby. Steve would have only made her life more difficult... It's strange to think that if he'd been around, he probably would have been Tony's godfather all the same.
Tony slowly rose from his chair, reaching a hand out to the young boy, who seemed crippled by his emotions. Cautiously, he touched the boy's shoulder. Peter crippled for real, face crumbling as the emotions overwhelmed him in confusing surges, all blurring together and crashing against him like 30-foot waves.
Peter's parents start to worry that he might be suicidal.
He tucked his hair behind his ear. He knew it was pretty long now, but he didn't really want to cut it right now. He thought the shoulder-length style kinda suited him. He kinda liked the way it curled out around his shoulders. It made him feel... Different, but in a nice way. In all of the pictures he'd seen of himself, his hair had never been this long.
It didn't take Mr. Stark long to see him, and when he did it looked like a weight had been lifted off of him. He'd called Aunt May's apartment and she'd told Tony that Peter was alright. He didn't seem to believe it until Peter showed up though.
it and it's
GASP A TRIPLE UPDATE
Bucky rose a brow, "We?"
Peter needed help, but he didn't want to ask either of these people for help, because he knew that they both had it worse. They were both literally tortured, and one of them turns into the goddamn Hulk. Peter's problems were nothing compared to theirs. It would be pointless.
Natalia's been stressed, so what she might need is a massage, a good quiet evening and maybe some really good head... Steve's level of stress has been much higher, mostly because of how much time he spends around Stark. He won't let it show, but it really takes a toll on him. Steve will need something a little different to calm him down, like a good homecooked meal, some smooth 30's tunes, and a candlelit bath.
Natasha is silent. She remembers the nightmares that plagued her once upon a time. They weren't much different really. But that was a long time ago, now she slept peacefully. Mostly.
Tony took a deep breath and was silent for a very long moment. "I hope we find that Red sonuvabitch soon... Cause when we do, I'm gonna kill him."
The last couple of weeks have been quiet, at both the apartment and the base. Bucky'd been walking around like a ghost in his own home. A shadow stuck in the old routine of his old life. Every morning he woke up and padded to the kitchen, had a cup of too-bitter coffee and a half-stale biscuit and begin his 85-year-old work out routine.
"Why are you here, Peter? Why did you come for me?" He asked desperately. Every moment that Peter was here was another moment he could be using to escape. The boy shook his head.
Peter doesn't even know what to say to any of these things and he's halfway to tears, not just from the gifts, but from Wade's donation. He remembers a conversation that once had about the organization and how Peter regularly donated to their cause.
also now that I've figured out italics I'll be using that instead of just putting words in all caps. also, I think I'll use it to add in flashbacks so maybe in the future, we'll see more of the past.
Wade didn't think he'd ever seen anyone eat a sandwich so fast, and it kinda made him chuckle, but also feel bad. Peter must be starving. Once he was finished eating, Peter kept sipping on his Sprite, not wanting to over-do it and throw up everything he just got into him.
It was
Wade shushed him with another kiss. He waited for Peter to kiss him back before he let his scarred hands wander Peter's thighs. "It's okay Peter, we're doing this at your pace. You're the lead here."
Steve couldn't help but smile. He knew that this was probably a dream come true for Bucky, despite the horrible circumstances. He was finally free of that damned arm and he'd probably never been happier, but there was only one question he had.
happy 2k19 everybody, I know it's been a while, but I'm gonna try and roll out a couple of chapters here quick for you.
She'd made him tell her about what happened with Liz's dad. How he'd gotten tons of weight in rock and metal dropped on him, and in his loneliness, was afraid that he'd die there. And if Tony Stark got a phone call from an angry Aunt May at three in the morning, well, nobody needs to know about it.
He didn't turn anything on, just laid out Peter's laptop and other little devices on the top of the desk to let Peter set them up how he pleased. Peter didn't bring a whole lot, but upon further inspection of the cabin, Wade realized there was still food from the last time he'd been here.
"Buck... Is this about what you told me? About before?"
Steve was strangely okay with that, knowing that any one of these assholes might know Peter's location. Steve didn't know how many people in the building were still alive and he worried he was too late to save any possible survivors... But these were Hydra agents, he didn't want to save them anyways.
in the spooky spirit, some shit happens... or does it? but doesn't it?
There were a couple of loud clicks as Natalia flipped on the light switches. When Bucky turned, the lights had come on and there in the middle of the room was their prisoner. The cloth bag hid his face but they'd been doing this long enough to know that beneath it he was covered in crusted blood.
(PSA, lots of annoying over-detailing in this one but idgaf. I actually sat for a while adding things into a cart on the Ulta website so I knew what to write and what Wade's all-around price would be.)
"Shh~ Look." He pointed to a small puddle of what looked like blood. Nat had been wounded, which meant that Rumlow stopped with her, here, long enough for the blood to pool like that. "Nat may have accidentally left us a trail."
Peter was a little more intoxicated than he should be, especially since he'd never drank before tonight. Peter was really good on rules and laws, especially underage drinking, but there were a lot of bad influences here.
"I'm not sure if you remember, but you once told me that you liked my cologne, and I told you that I'd get you a bottle to keep, so you can spray it on things and feel closer to me."
Peter nodded and looked back to the photo. Bucky waited a moment before speaking again. "Should I call Wade?"
He remembered Bucky, and his apartment being just a few steps away. He remembered when Bucky moved into his already small apartment. He remembered how they'd shared his bed and he used Bucky's body heat to live through the winters. To see that the building was intact after all of these years was incredible.
Wade and Peter roamed for a while after leaving the alleyway finally. Well, Peter roamed, Wade followed.
He nodded and began to open it, not thinking much of it. The box shook underneath his palms and for a moment he worried he was about to be blown up or just pranked in general. But when he pulled one of the flaps up, the whole box burst open, and inside of it was a grey Pitbull puppy with the most gorgeous blue eyes. It couldn't have been more than 8 weeks old, and it wasn't until he lifted the puppy out of the box did he really burst into tears.
If Wade were here to see this, he'd be furious.
She scoffed. "How can this one be different, Brother? He looks just as sad and broken as the last one."
During the flight to the place that Peter was being held, Bucky sat curled into himself on the floor, Nat was cleaning her guns, and Tony was pacing. Wanda was sat down near Bucky and Rhodey was watching Tony pace. Clint was sitting next to Nat and Sam was helping Steve to pilot.
He walked around them and into the kitchen, stealing an apple from the bowl on the counter. He bit into the apple and leaned on the counter in front of him and smiled up at Steve when he passed through the room. "Hey Pops, how was work?"
Steve's heart hurt for his lover. "What do you mean? How could I not?"
Sam pulls his goggles off of his head. "It'd be easier to tell you who wasn't hurt. This guy was packin' a whole truckload of weapons. He wasn't slowing down either."
It was then that Peter happened to look down and finally see the vomit caked into his clothes, crusted on his hands. He began to tear up at wondering what the hell happened to him, but he calmed down once Wade cupped his cheeks.
It was his worst invention, just because it tortured him so. And at the moment, it was configured so he was the only one to see her. He was the only one allowed to see her. He had to live with this guilt. He had to live with seeing her there, smiling and kind, despite what he did to her.
Wade woke to Peter shifting in the bed. He looked down at Peter's outline and saw him shaking in his sleep. When he heard Peter's broken sob and call for help, he didn't hesitate to pull the little arachnid to his chest.
The names 'Fitzpatrick, Mary' and 'Cpt. Parker, Richard' stared back at Peter. He clicked on the folder that bore his father's name and dozens of extra things popped up onto the screen. Photos, summaries, mission reports, recruitment reports signed by Nick Fury. Every other page was stamped with the official seal of the C.I.A.
Peter sat down on the floor in front of the wall and hugged his pillow tighter.
He didn't dare say anything to the school board, and though he knew he could take each and every one of them on in a fight if it came right down to it, he didn't want to hit anyone back either. He knew that if he saw any of his parents and had to explain that he'd been getting in fights at school, he'd be dead. Not just dead, but quadruply dead.
"Did you find anything out?" Steve knelt down close to Bucky and placed a tentative hand on the man's shaking shoulder.
Steve was at work, he'd started a new job that understood that he'd sometimes have to ditch work for Captain America duties on short notice. He'd picked it up because he wanted to provide for his family, without the help of Tony Stark. He wouldn't admit it, but sometimes he felt like a bum letting Tony do all the paying, especially now that they weren't together anymore, and Steve was too prideful to do anything else.
Wade quickly asked which one drugged him, and a sleazy looking boy in a beanie answered him from the corner. Wade pointed both pistols at him, demanding to know what he gave Peter.
Wade was admiring the boy's body and internally questioning the legality of this. Peter, being 16 now, was close to the legal age here, but with the boy crawling onto the bed, Wade decided that he'd think about that later when Peter wasn't impatiently begging in the way that he was. Peter knew enough from health class to be able to put the condom on for Wade, his thin fingers making quick work of it.
"I'm not mad at you, Peter. I'm afraid, okay? I'm afraid for you, but I'm not mad. I'm gonna take care of you now, okay? I promise."
Except that. Wade loved nothing more than hearing Peter declare himself as belonging to Wade. "Yeah? All mine?" He tugged on Peter's hair again and the younger boy removed himself from where he was sucking on the head of Wade's cock.
For now, the only thing he could do was what he was doing right now, and that was stay the fuck out of it and do his goddamn job. Outside of that, there was nothing he could do for anyone really. He couldn't fix the world, he couldn't even fix himself right now. His family, his life, was in shambles. Part of him was wishing he was back to being fresh out of the ice. Before Bucky came back and before he had these people to care about and look after. Back when he spent all of his spare time in his apartment staring at walls and wondering which rooftop would kill him faster.
"Was this before or after you were... Stuck?"
All of Wade's deductions were being made based on when he saw them all for the first time, not just while allowing himself to be captured, but once they returned to base. He saw how easily the adults glided past Peter. Wade understood. They thought he'd use Peter as leverage against them. Find a way to endanger him and they'd have to back down to keep him safe.
Peter's first real instance of human interaction came to him this morning when the small crawlspace sized door of his cell slid open and he was beckoned out of it. He crawled on his belly through the small space and was carefully pulled to his feet by the undead man with the burned face. He was ushered through a set of doors and then down a long hallway.
Spending a summer in upstate New York at the Avengers base was easy. He got to spend time with people who had no problem looking after him and were able to keep his abilities and nightmares in check.
And then everything with Rumlow went to shit, and Bucky was suddenly back in his life, even though he didn't know it. And then there was Nat, who'd been part of Bucky's life for nearly as long as Steve had been. And then came along the rest, and then Peter... Poor kid.
Peter, halfway to hysterics, pointed a shaking finger towards photo on the wall. "I saw her. She was, she was dead... Was it real?" Then, again, more desperately, "
Steve touched Bucky's cheek to distract him. "Buck, baby, look at me... We know where he is now, and we can go get him, and we can bring him home."
Buck looked at the ceiling. "Friday. Alert the others to meet me in the medical bay, please."
Bucky just nodded a little. "It's yours, Peter."
"Steve, what the hell are you doin'? We gotta~"
Peter gently takes the bag, quietly asking if he made sure it was smushed down flat. The question brought a smile to Wade's face. Maybe Peter didn't remember a whole lot, but he remembered some things every once in a while, and that was a good start.
And he fought until his leg couldn't take the movement anymore and his bloody knuckles ached the same way his heart did. And he screamed until his voice was hoarse and cried until he was all out of tears.
Said Red sonuvabitch wasn't exactly hiding very well, especially after having come around to drop Peter off.
"A hospital in Italy. The straps were for the doctors. You guys swing like motherfuckers in your sleep."
Peter sat down on the bed in his room. Nothing in this room was his, nothing made this feel like a home. On the wall was an empty corkboard with some pins though, so Peter pinned up the ultrasound photo and then sat back down. This was gonna be a lot to get used to, that was for sure.
And so, on they went, stopping by Miss Potts' workplace to see if she'd be interested in hanging out and helping out. She didn't mind and was actually a little excited to finally get to spend some time with Peter.
"Can't say I've had 70 years of practice either, sir."
The man that Wade spoke to starts driving the boat towards an island in the middle of the water, and that's when Wade finally breaks the silence. "Casco Bay. Just off the coast of Maine."
He was fully aware of the puppy dog look that Peter was giving him from where he was laying, and not wanting to hear any lies out of these kids, he took to asking Peter.
The first step of whatever it took, was finding Tony and showing him the footage. He, understandably, freaked as he set up the algorithms on his computer. The program was set up to scan every possible surveillance system for Peter's face. That meant ATM's, traffic cams, parking lot security cameras, the lot. He ran what faces of the suited men he could make out through every database he could get into.
Natasha shook her head. "It's not right of you to suddenly decide you've not taken any responsibility for him once he's done something wrong, Tony. If anything, I think you're the most to blame here by keeping him and everyone else in the dark about what's really going on here."
Everything she could think of seemed to end in some kind of disaster. So for now, she just watched as Peter sipped on his chocolate milk and joked with Bruce about Radiophysics. Tony listened on in silence, leaning into Bruce's side as he ate. Nat thought it was cute how they cuddled up to one another. They were still in that cute, nauseating honeymoon phase, and she really hoped that for their sake it never goes away.
"It was a crime back then, Buck. And... And there was no word then, for what I was- what I am, and..." Steve's hands were beginning to tremble, just as they always did in times like this. "And I never knew how to tell you, so I didn't, and then you were gone away with the 107th and there was Peggy, and she understood. She understood and I was so afraid... Buck I was afraid to love you. I was worried what you might think of me."
Bucky was still indifferent to Stark, and Tony felt the same. After all, it'd been two weeks and there were still metal plate shaped bruises around his neck that just didn't want to go away. Somewhere inside Bucky felt sorry, though he wouldn't say it aloud. Not yet. He wanted Tony to earn the apology. He wasn't just going to hand it over because it's what Steve wanted.
"You have ten minutes." Was all he said before he slammed the door closed.
He glances up to Wade who is indeed being very quiet, just people-watching. Peter leans into his side and watches a smile break out on his face. Wade turns and he feels the older man kiss his head and he sighs softly in near content before he suddenly remembers why they're there and what he's about to do.
Peter pressed down where his fingers met with the back of Wade's neck and nodded, though he couldn't be seen. "Please...Wade, I wanna forget."
Bucky couldn't think of anything to say to that, but Peter spoke up.
trying to get this filler out before I start my mocksat in the morning
Steve mentions that Peter used to like what had been made, and would ask Bucky to make it for him a lot. Bucky, of course, would always come through and make stew for the boy, who would usually put it in a thermos to take to school for lunch. It always made Bucky happy to know that Peter enjoyed his meals.
"This is Venom, or, I guess you know him as VX9103, don't you?"
And the Soldier pulled the trigger.
(sorry these are taking so long and they're so short, I've been kinda drained...)
He wanted to see the sunlight again. He wanted to smell the fresh air. He wanted to be free.
TW: gore, claustrophobic spaces.
New Year, Same Mistakes (New Years part 2)
When Wade texted him, he ignored it, opting to not even open the message at all. He simply swiped it off of the screen and was done with it for then. Wade texted several more times, but each time Peter ignored it. He needed time to think. He needed space, and clearly, Wade wasn't too concerned with giving it to him.
It was agony. There was no sign of Deadpool either. They all knew that wherever he was, Peter would be. But there was so sign of him anywhere. Not one.
But Tony Stark could not with 100% certainty say that he would take a bullet for any one member of this team.
All Nat could do was watch from her place behind Steve and she decided that today was not the day to tell them what happened with Peter yesterday. She decided it would be good to wait and just spend some one on one time with Peter herself. She thought about taking him to the park later. She was sure he'd like to sit out in the sun and watch the birds.
They spent the rest of the day and all of the night making repairs, and that was just to the old apartment and the one downstairs that they'd picked for Peter to have, and everyone put in the effort to make the repairs go quicker and smoother. Electricians rewired the apartments in fairly quick fashion for how much needed to be done.
Tony made small talk with Peter, who kept up easily. He made sure to ask Peter about his studying and if he still wanted to look into getting a tutor for a while. Peter agreed, thinking it would be nice to have someone trying to teach him so he wasn't struggling to figure out everything he'd forgotten. He asked Peter if he liked everything in his room still or if he wanted something new, and the boy quietly asked about some small bookshelves and maybe a cool looking vanity.
Wade could feel Peter's arousal through his thin sweatpants and decided to take advantage of it by flipping them over and pinning Peter to the bed. He kissed down Peter's chest, slowly, teasingly. Peter wasn't in the mood to be teased like this, and he flipped Wade back over. Wade's eyes were wide and full of lust as Peter started working on getting wade out of his jeans.
"It's a military code."
Except, he saw the way Flash looked at him when he arrived in the sleek black car Mr. Happy drove him in. He saw the way Ned's jaw dropped when he saw Peter's new shoes that cost more than Ned's whole back to school shopping list did.
Bucky was a soldier. He knew what diversions looked like, and he knew damn good and well that that's exactly what that was. A diversion. The mission was meant to throw them off of something... What exactly, was the real question. It'd been months and he still was no closer to finding out the answer.
"Shh, I've got you, baby. You're okay."
Wade reached for Peter, who backed away and crawled onto the bed to stay out of the merc's reach. He didn't want to be touched, he wanted answers. He wanted to know what'd happened to him and who'd done it and why. "And I don't want any of your excuses, Wade, I want the truth!"
Steve smiled over at Bucky because even he'd heard Bucky ranting about how useless he felt that he didn't know how to fix even the simplest things about his arm. Peter thought he recalled something about that conversation, and right now with the way Bucky was staring at him he really hoped that he was right about this gift and not way out of line.
With that he walked out the door, leaving Bucky halfway to tears. Peter was two floors down by the time Bucky got to the door. He had to watch the boy leave, at least to have a vague idea of where the boy would be going. Who knew what he'd do if he never came back again.
"So you came here because you want my son to work for you?"
"No, it won't bring her back. But I'll be damned if it doesn't make me feel better."
Peter looked up when he was told to put the scalpel down and saw his hallucination of the man with the metal arm standing behind Rumlow. He didn't say anything for a long minute, and his hair was in his face. He just stood there behind the man like a shadow, a ghost. He clenched his metal fist and his whole arm shifted. The gears ground together and made an uncomfortable sound.
Bucky didn't hesitate to say yes, and no sooner than he did was a small flip phone tossed his way. A burner. He knew he was meant to call them, and he didn't hesitate to begin dialing Steve's number.
"I'm sorry, маленький паук, but it's true... She's gone... And I truly think that she has been for a long time." And Bucky sounds so upset at having to tell Peter this, but it seems there was nobody else that would come clean yet, and if he was asking then it was time.
He swears that he can see tears in Bucky's eyes and he knows there are tears in Wanda's just by the way she refuses to look up from the floor. Bucky sighs and moves to stand. "I think I should go get Steve."
"...wade is, what you might call, a bad guy."
Tony could easily see that Peter was self-conscious about it, those little patches of skin. Tony could easily spot the signs of the PTSD Peter'd been left with thanks to that fight... And he did everything to try and make it better for him. For the first few days of him living on the base, Tony did his best to be observant to try and find the best way to protect Peter, to find his triggers so they could be eliminated.
In the midst of her screaming, he could hear Wade talking. "Don't you worry Petey, we've got you. That's what family's for."
Every time that Friday alerted them in the middle of the night to one of Peter's nightmares, it was one of his first thoughts. Whenever Bucky ran down the stairs to comfort the boy, it was floating around in front of his eyes. When Nat got up to make coffee, assuming that nobody would be going back to sleep, he wanted to breathe the words like fire on a dragon's tongue.
And the whole room seemed to stop. There wasn't a single sound in the air aside from the vibrating of Peter's watch and his heart-wrenching cries.
Steve was a bit of a violent person when it came right down to it. He was never afraid to get into a fight, no matter what it might cost him. Even when he was smaller than Peter is now, he'd fight anyone with an attitude. Bucky always said he could be a dad with an attitude like that, and Steve always agreed. He'd always hoped that one day he and Bucky would be parents together.
also, I kinda wanna start taking prompts or whatever and posting little one chapter drabbles for you guys, if you'd be interested?
When Tony came by, he wanted to speak them, but he wasn't sure if Tony was the right person to tell, considering that at this time he didn't have very much of a place in the boy's life. Tony tried to be around when he could, he wanted to be part of the boy's life, but he could only be around so much, he would only come around every once in a while. He knew that the boy was still afraid, but that lessened a little more with each of Tony's visits.
Wade looks up from the skillet on the stove and smiles. "Yeah, I am."
blush, regular
Peter clawed at the ground, sobbing as his dick started to harden up again despite all the abuse it's received in the last 15 minutes. Wade still didn't let up, but he couldn't stop himself from complimenting Peter. He told him about how pretty that he looked, covered in sweat. He told him how beautiful he looked when he cried for Wade's cock like he was. He told him about how gorgeous he was getting fucked senseless.
The burned man led him through another set of doors and into a room, empty of everything except for a metal table and a chair. He looked up at the man but was forced to sit down in the chair. He bit back the questions on his tongue as he looked over the table. On top of it was a large cloth, folded over something he couldn't see yet.
Peter's phone buzzed in his pocket, but he knew not to look at it here. Nobody needed to know that Peter had that kind of love coming. Not now. He knew it was a text from Wade, probably a picture, like the text before. Peter never really sent pictures, but for Wade he'd make an exception.
And Bucky looked lovingly down at the little dog before smiling. "Rebecca," he declared with a tone in his voice. Steve kissed his head, and Peter's heart hurt for Bucky. Rebecca was a name he remembered, not just from any files, but from the museum.
Peter was their one collective weakness. That's why they left him at home. They'd spend their time looking after Peter rather than taking care of the bad guys. Bucky would turn back to killing in a heartbeat if it meant keeping Peter safe. He'd endure countless hours of Hydra torture to keep Peter safe. Natasha would go back to the Red Room and endure that pain over and over if it meant that nobody would lay a finger on the child she'd chosen to be her son.
He tilted his head as if to ask her what else he possibly could have done, but then he laughed. "Don't worry, Romanoff. I didn't have time to kill your man candy. No, I'm not interested in them... I'm not even interested in you... But I figured you're the fastest way to get to Steve, and he's the one that'll talk first."
The thought of Peter's smooth skin and slender hips on their own was enough to get Wade going, and right now that might be a bit of a problem considering that his running pace is slowing and that the systems will reboot any moment now.
Bucky didn't move as he felt Steve sit down on the edge of the bed beside of him. Steve moved his arm away from his face, and that's when Bucky focused on his worry-stricken face.
Nat was meant to be sent to Peter's aid.
He knew about Peter's advanced heal rate, but this wasn't looking very good. He kept his arm against his body, almost like he was afraid to move it even the slightest. Tony didn't blame him. He wasn't even upset that Peter didn't tell anyone. Tony probably wouldn't say anything about an injury like this either. In fact, he can think of several times he's hidden injuries from the people around him.
Wade cracked off some joke about not making any promises of being non-threatening before going towards where Steve and Bruce stood with Tony. Peter watched on anxiously before remembering something he forgot. He dug around a little around the presents before bounding up to Bucky with a wide smile and fastening a Santa hat onto his head. Bucky laughed a little and shook his head before taking the hat off and putting it on top of Wade's mask.
And as Bucky looked down at the puppy who bared his younger sister's name, he wanted to cry again, but this was Christmas, and Christmas was no place for tears. Not now anyway, hell, he and Steve just got engaged for fuck's sake, this was no time to be sad.
If God was kind, why had he suffered so horribly? Was he nothing more than a pawn in God's master plan for the world? Or was it all part of something even bigger? Was he meant to endure that torture to better follow in God's lead?
Natasha brushed past Tony and Bucky both to pull Peter into her arms. She shushed him gently as she led him from the room.
Peter turned on his heel to run to the basement, and Natasha followed suit. Peter, as he ran, was starting to have flashbacks again.
He was wondering why his healing abilities weren't fighting off the drug... Did the serum affect his body's healing properties? No, now was not the time to think about that. Not when there was a room of little assholes that thought it was okay to drug kids right in front of him.
From the front of the jet, Bucky called out his name, asking him if he wanted to see all of the wildflowers below them, saying that they could land if he wanted to get out and see them. Peter breaks their heart when he says that he hasn't been outside since he went in. Bucky quietly asks Sam and Rhodey to land so he could take Peter outside.
He had to do what he had to do, so when Peter turned around... Bucky hit him. Right in the space where the head meets the neck. Peter went out like a light and fell like a sack of potatoes into Bucky's arms.
He snuck down the stairwell, refusing to take the elevator, until he got to the basement.
For everyone to see just how willing Peter was to save another teammate was refreshing... But the manner in which he saved them wasn't refreshing at all. This whole scenario was the kind of refreshing that came with opening a fresh bottle of water, only to realize the water is hot.
To see Peter lose his composure like this, to see him gripping the sheets and throwing his head back... To feel Peter like this, feel him gripping Wade's bicep while he clenched around him... Wade leaned down and kissed Peter, who wasted no time in kissing the Merc back.
Wade looked around. "It'd take the world's greatest detective to find us. And I don't see Bruce Wayne around anywhere, so I'd say we're good for a while."
Peter's smile is wider than Nat's ever seen it before. Peter's dainty looking hands gripped Wade's biceps as they just stood there together. "What are you doing here, Wade?"
And goddamn, if Peter doesn't make Wade's dick jump just by asking. Wade asks if he knows how and Peter just laughs. "I said I'd never had sex before, but I never said I'd never given a blow-job."
He blacked out from the pain, the last thing he heard was Peter screaming his name.
Peter looks like he's never seen anything so beautiful, and as far as he can remember, he hasn't. "Do we have fields like this where we live?"
"Peter. We need to tell you something. You might want to sit down."
It was like a nest, a shrine more like, to the past. Bucky returned the folders to their place and spotted one last thing. A folded piece of loose leaf paper. Carefully he removed it from its place and began to read Peter's scribbled writing.
Wade was sitting with his head in his hands when he heard a soft groan from the tub. He looked up to see Peter glancing around in confusion. "Wade?"
But Peter behaved, and he gave it his all. When the man made him swallow his load, he figured that would be the worst of this for now. Rumlow made him stand and bound his hands together with his own belt, probably to act as some kind of lead for the boy.
"I know who you are, and you know who I am. And I know that you know where I am. I want you to come here, and I need to know what you've done to my son."
He could no longer remember the place that he called home or the people that lived in it. He couldn't remember the place he used to attend school, or where he used to eat. Those places were all just broken buildings in his mind, nameless, featureless walls. Every person he tried to remember were just bodies devoid of faces, stripped of their names. They were nothing more to him now than feelings he used to know.
Her brows pull together. "Wade?"
He told Wade that he remembered their first night together, then he paused. He knew that he looked a lot different now compared to how he did then. Back then, he only had a few burn marks and the little scars on his wrist. He had some meat on his bones then... Now he was thin, fragile, covered in burns and scars and he didn't want to wear anything but long pants and long sleeves.
He kissed Bucky back with all the gentle sweetness that he had inside of him. He wanted to crawl into Bucky's skin and pull out everything that ailed him. He remembered a time where Bucky would do the same thing, claiming that one day he'd find a way to take all of Steve's pain away. Bucky delivered his love to Steve whenever he wanted it back then, after light protesting over Steve's health and the laws, but he always gave in for Steve, nonetheless.
Wade glanced to the mistletoe above them and had to stifle a laugh at the irony.
She puts a hand on his shoulder to stop him. "Peter, I understand. And there's nothing wrong with that at all. If you want to wear different clothes, we can get you some different clothes. It's no problem, and if Tony dares to say anything, I'll change his lab passcode for a week." She teases.
He sat across from her, brandishing his weapon with a sigh as he scratched his head with it. "Contrary to popular belief, I don't enjoy this life. It did this, to me." He gestured to his disfigured face and she chuckled.
"Buddy, we talked about this, didn't we?" Tony says without looking.
Peter was shaking violently, tears streaming down his face. "I- I'll be-" He hiccuped between sobbing and trying to force the words out. "I'll be good! I'm-" He broke off into a fit of sobs, but it didn't take a genius to realize that he was about to apologize.
Before them was the man they'd plucked from a ravine and picked for a project he never knew existed. They tormented him, sawed off what was left of his arm and attached a brand new titanium one. They took him away from whatever second chance at life he could have had after the war and turned him into a machine, a weapon.
Steve was exhausted. Work was keeping him as busy as they could, but even now he was using what little bit of free time he had to help Bucky start finally planning their wedding. Neither of them wanted anything particularly big, but they knew that if their friends had anything to do with it, then it would be a bit of a wild night either way. Sam was already taking his duties as Steve's best man very seriously.
Peter nods, now nervous and fully aware of Nat's limp and how Steve had limited movement of his right arm. Peter felt the overwhelming need to physically injure this Wade guy. Though he knew he'd never get close enough to do anything. Not with the max security surrounding whatever cell they were going to put him in, if they were going to put him in a cell at all. The look on Tony's face made Peter wonder if they might just dig a hole and leave him in it.
"Peter? Hey, you may want to come and see this." Peter could hear the stress in Tony's voice, and it made him almost not want to see what he had on his screen. But he had to know. He had to know what happened to her, and if he'd ever see her alive again.
Now Wade looked bewildered. "How are you even walking? Doesn't it hurt?"
Bucky rose a brow. "You really have thought of everything, haven't you, мальчик?"
Now, sitting here in the wooden benches surrounded by candlelight while God's followers sung praises of how kind and generous he was, he only had one question, and it shocked the Priest. Peter assumed he'd never heard such a question.
She touched her stomach and thought back to her unborn child for the first time in many many years, and for the first time since then, she let herself shed a tear. Not just for herself...
Bucky shook his head. "I'm sure Wade could make a great father if you kept him in line well enough."
The boy nods and shivers a little. Even Bucky admits it's a little cold. Bucky stands, taking his blanket over to the boy. "Here, cover up. I'm warm enough, but I can't risk you getting another cold."
With his hoodie zipped up, he went with Sam and Steve to fill out the mission report. Peter swayed the longer he stood. Steve decided that it was because Peter needed to rest, and told him to go lay down when they were finished.
"How did you get Peter his healing abilities back?"
He looked over the edge of the truck and dove forward to swing between Sam and a woman that had him at gunpoint.
He told Steve the address that was on the screen, but Steve wouldn't make it there before he would. Bucky was on his way down the stairs as he talked to Steve on the phone. He was going to raise all kinds of hell if he got there and saw something other than Peter.
Bucky shakes his head, "Not exactly where we live, but if you want, we can pick some flowers and plant their seeds in our yard when we get back, so we can have these flowers there, how about that?"
In his dream, the harsh and horrible reality of his life did not end but instead elevated. He threw open a set of heavy double doors and saw May chained to a table identical to the one he'd previously been on.
“Yeah, told him yesterday. He...his family sent him to a school in Europe.”
“Do you wanna do that?” the blonde asked, turning his head to the side a little. Tony looked at him incredulously, knowing Steve didn’t have any permanent marks on his body.
He didn’t comment on that, just tucked himself under the blanket to make himself comfortable as he continued smiling at her.
“I don’t know,” Steve finally answered, snapping her from her thoughts. “But I called your neurologist and we’re seeing her this afternoon. Happy will pick up your school work and they already gave you an excused absence for the day. All you need to worry about right now is waking up, okay?” he asked as he brushed some of her long hair behind her ear. She hummed in response, trying to decide whether she’d like him to move or not. Her stomach ultimately made the decision for her.
“My name is Daciana. My Tati gave it to me,” she spit out before being electrocuted again, her body shaking as tears began forming behind her eyes. It only lasted a moment but it felt much longer.
“Watch it Rumlow,” Clint said as he also got his stuff to leave.
He walked over to check the pantry when he heard what sounded like a child screaming. Senses quickly regained, Steve ran in the direction of the sound before halting in the doorway to Joey’s room…
“Holy shit,” Bucky breathed out, not even knowing they made paintball guns like that. He’d never been more turned on by the blonde, who was looking absolutely smug as he walked over and stood in front of Buck.
“Frozen yogurt sounds good…” she began before being interrupted by some stupid freshman whose name she would never bother to learn.
That was, until an older white couple walked over and interrupted his thoughts.
“It’s too late Peter,” she said standing, throwing her hands up to cover her eyes. “I’ve already been blinded!” She then waved her hands around with her eyes closed, reaching out for him. “Peter? Are you still there?”
"We should probably go to sleep, huh? In case she wakes up and needs us?" the brunette asked as they walked together to their bedroom. Steve stopped rather dramatically, looking at the genius incredulously.
He contemplated bringing some sandwiches down to Tony and Bruce, but decided if they wanted to eat they could come up and grab some themselves.
Several months passed in relative peace as Tony watched his pups grow way too quickly.
“Just put it on her,” Steve said in frustration, wishing not for the first time there was a little piece and quiet in his own home.
After speaking to the boy's caseworker and foster mom, they were able to schedule him to come visit this weekend; giving them three days to child-proof and talk to his husband about this. Emerson had shown them a "selfie" the two had taken together and the dads were quick to admit - he was really cute. Which, made them think they'd probably instantly fall for him and want to adopt him.
“That’s so sweet of you Pete, I’m sure she’ll be happy to know you wanted to make sure she was safe and comfy.”
And then, pushing through the crowd of students and teachers, was Tony. He smiled and waved when he saw her, walking over to her as she just stared back in shock.
“Well, thanks Clint. Do you want to come in? There are three little monsters but there’s also cake in the kitchen.”
“No, no everything is not okay,” Tony said before turning to his mate. “I got a call from work that some little fucker had used their Voice on Harley. And I can’t get his Prima Alpha to step up and help him because he’s a worthless piece of shit,” Tony spit out, turning back to his phone and dialing, not watching as Steve walked past him. He also had a hand on his stomach, feeling his protective parental rage take over. “Listen here you dickless, spineless poor excuse for an Alpha. Your son needs you, but
Bucky laughed as he pulled her into his embrace, hugging her tight as she kept giggling. Steve rolled his eyes fondly at just having reminded his brother
She nodded and dropped the last item into the plastic bag before he turned over his bank card to her. She swiped the card, glanced at his name on it and Steve watched as her entire body went still. Her eyes widened slightly before they slowly rose to Steve’s face. Steve could feel his cheeks heat up and sweat pop up on his brow. Her eyes ticked to the plastic bag and then back to Steve’s face before she slowly handed his card back to him. She finished up the rest of the transaction without blinking and as she handed him the plastic bag. He turned to walk away when she said, probably automatically, “Enjoy your purchases. And have a great day.”
“Tony Stark.”
A much better photo was blown up to show the intricate marking that curved from just under the prince’s right hip to just under his ass. Soul marks were complex and made up of more than a drawn on-like pattern on the skin. They combined scar-like tissues, raised and textured differently than the rest of the skin as well as a change in skin pigments in what, at first, was a hard to define pattern. There was a reason for that, in order to view the full picture the soulmate’s marks would have to be combined. Soul marks, and thus soulmates, were notoriously rare; in the past twenty years Steve had only heard of one pair being found.
It was impossible for the man to have not noticed, but thankfully he only paused for a second before continuing closer, now with an amused grin on his face.  By the time he made it close enough they could speak Tony was laughing lightly to himself at his miscalculation.
What met him the next day was a puke green and brown monstrosity so revolting he walked backwards out of his office and turned to his secretary.
him?”  Pepper sounded both incredulous and amused.
Bucky smiled again and clasped Steve on the shoulder as he opened the door. Once inside, Stephen Strange swept behind them, closing the door and quickly forming sigils with his hands to seal the room. Across the room, her back to a corner of the room, Natasha Romanov watched silently, her hands tucked behind her back.
When he moved into the second space he stopped, momentarily awed by the various paintings mounted to the wall opposite him.  There were only four of them but he immediately knew they were done by the same Steve Rogers who had painted
He was still muffling his cries with his arm when the front door opened, but even his heightened senses couldn't help him out of this one, because it was taking everything that he had to try and shut off his mind.
When Steve finally caught onto Bucky's trail, he'd already been gone for several hours. When he made it onto the lot, he could clearly see that the door was not where it was meant to be, instead, laying right outside of the doorway. Carefully blocking his chest with his shield, he made his way inside.
Peter wasn't even concerned with how Wade was here, or how he escaped. All he was concerned with was picking up his books and getting the hell out of there as fast as humanly possible.
Peter chewed his lip before responding, "All of them?"
"Petey, no paybacks, it's a gift."
Peter didn't mention it after that, but Bucky knew he was grateful. Every now and then, they'd share a glance across a room, or a nod when passing in the hallway, but words weren't necessary.
And what if, Bucky thought, as he looked to Peter's sleeping, shaking form... What if this was just a simple sickness? What if this would pass in a couple of days and Peter would be brand new? But then, he thought, what if it wasn't?
(memory lane part 2)
The blonde nodded and so did the head. Peter just stared, unsure of what to look at or to say.
No questions asked.
Excruciating as it were, he found it pointless to fight. Which is a first for Wade because, if caught off guard, he'd fight his own reflection.
She laughed. She couldn't believe she'd been that stupid. "Is that all you did?"
Today though was very, very different. Last night, Bucky never went to bed at all. He was up all night like he'd been all week.
And Bucky, who still had tears in his eyes, was clinging onto Steve's arms and quietly begging for him to bed him properly.
Peter puts his sandwich down, suddenly more interested in the man in front of him than his meal. "What was your life like? Before you were like this? Do you remember?"
"Mr. Stark, please- I'm sorry."
Peter looked down and messed with a fray on his blanket. He felt sad, lonely. He felt a tug on his heart as he longed to be with Wade. He longed to be held close, to feel safe and loved. Sure he felt those things inside with his family, but it was different with Wade.
The only people that were truly paying attention to how long Peter had been missing now, were the Hydra agents, and everyone at S.H.I.E.L.D. who was tasked with finding him. Half of the Agents were ready to give up, knowing that they'd probably never again find the boy in question... And the other half knew that if they didn't find him, then it would be hell for everyone involved.
Tapping the button again, even he could hear the panic in his voice as he said, "Steve, Rumlow is on the move to Nat. I've got no response on her end. Go."
"I know the feeling, but Peter... That moment does not define you. Yes, you were injured, and I know it scares you, but right now? You're safe here with me. Peter. I will keep you safe."
. This was the man they'd taken from the snow come back to haunt him. The soldier that was still at war.
His place was here, kneeling, when and where he was told to. If he had to be told twice, he'd be sorry.
He screamed as a bullet entered his thigh and continued to scream as Wade was shot repeatedly, his blood and chunks of skin getting blown all over Peter. Wade's body went limp over him and continued to cover him in blood, and all Peter could do was cry. His voice was too hoarse to keep screaming. The Agents in the room didn't enjoy his hysterics, so they shot him a second time in the shoulder at point blank.
"Life... It gave you the ability to make life."
She seems taken aback, and that's good. That's what Wade wants right now. He wants her to feel offended and chided. "For a spy with such extensive training, Madame Widow, your emotions are pretty clear."
Peter passed them over without hesitation and Wade plugged them in. Wade put the iPod into Peter's hands and told him he could listen to whatever he wanted.
Tony'd had enough experience with doctoring his own wounds throughout his life that he made quick work of Peter's. The boy asked him not to mention it yet, so he didn't, and somehow they just went about business as normal... Well, as normal as business could be right now.
Wade laid beside him as they kissed, and it was lazy and careful and soft. Wade's lips were gentle as they brushed across his jaw, fingers light as they danced across his hip, laugh soft as Peter breathed his name.
With Peter at school for the first time in days, Bucky felt stressed, to say the least. He wasn't worried about Deadpool, because at least he knew that if somehow Peter ended up in the mercenary's presence, he'd be safe there. The socializing with his friends might do Peter some good, but Bucky was worried about what it'll be like dealing with those bullies. He wasn't worried though, because Peter knew how to handle himself if need be, and now those assholes knew it too.
He knew it wouldn't take much to rip the fragile teen into shreds of the person that he is now. Wade could lead Peter on and with a few simple words, he could crush everything that Peter had inside of himself and break his little heart into pieces. It would make him vulnerable, it could get him hurt, or killed.
Down on the third floor, Tony walks up to one of the doors and unlocks it before pausing. "Pete, I know you've been sleeping in a room up on four on the days you're not staying inside of their apartment with them, and I also know that room has only been fixed in the most basic of ways, so with their help, we put this together for you."
Gravel kicked up as Bucky marched across the abandoned lot. With his mask settled on his face, he was a man ready to get answers no matter what it took to get them. He was going to go through those doors and kill anyone who kept the answers from him. It'd been months and he was tired of not knowing.
"It's important, think of the people you love, can you trust them? If your life was on the line, would you trust them to save you?"
and doubles over, puking all over the floor.
And in the end, he still never got what he wanted. He couldn't lie and say that he hadn't noticed Steve's eyes on him. He knew Steve was naive enough to still have feelings for him after all he'd done, and it would be his downfall. Somewhere deep down he thinks they both knew it too. And while maybe now he still felt jealous or whatever, he'd put his feelings for Steve away in order to really be with Bruce. They had so much in common with one another, and it was so much easier to communicate with someone that speaks science.
His mother's folder held the same things. There were pictures of his parents standing next to Wolverine, next to Nick Fury. There were matching death certificates that listed their cause of death as a plane crash but... Were they on a mission? Was the plane sabotaged? What the hell? Why did Peter never hear about this? Why was he never told?
The ornaments were a little old, leftover in a box of memories nobody'd opened in years. Old knickknacks covered in dust and sadness, forgotten in the ripple of time just like they once were. The box that Natalia found them in was old, bent in all of the wrong places and covered in a layer of dust so thick that the writing on the outside almost wasn't even legible anymore. The old penned cursive was faded, but Bucky knew Mrs. Rogers' handwriting anywhere.
He called out to the boy, who seemed to just be repeating his name to himself. What he was saying sounded eerily familiar, and it was only after a moment of really straining to hear the boy's rambling did he manage to hear him correctly.
Wade snaked his arm around Peter's leg and pulled, bringing Peter's knee up to his chest. "That's right Peter, beg me like a good boy."
"You know you can't shut me out, Peter... I... I am you. I'm inside of you... And! And there is no way to replace me, you can't, yank me out and put in something shiny.... And you can't remove me, either. The pills, Peter... You take them but you know they won't help, no, they... They make me..." There was a long pause, and Peter felt air brush across him. "Stronger."
Steve remembers that he never got the chance to do anything with the apartment. He left the same day he got the serum, which meant that everything inside would be exactly the way that it was left. With all of their old belongings and documentation of their old lives, their old love. Steve started to walk up the path to the stairs, and Nat followed, but the pair paused when they realized that Bucky wasn't behind them.
????????????????????????
He remembered that fall all too well, the dread welling up in his throat as Steve got farther and farther away until he disappeared from sight. He never thought that fall would end, but he knew that he would always remember the way that Steve cried out his name, the pained voice echoing off of the earthy walls around him.
Maybe it could be a bit annoying for Peter, but at least he wouldn't be having near-death experiences every day like they did and
He could hear his own desperation, playing back on a loop inside of his head. "Hello! Please, hey!"
He shook his head. "No, and you can fight all you want, but I'm still bigger than you."
When Wade returned from shore that afternoon, Peter was already curled up in the desk chair, eyes glued to his computer screen. Wade didn't attempt to make him move just yet, opting instead to make some food before even bothering to remove Peter from his work.
Steve furrowed his brows as he took off his coat. "Another fight?"
Peter didn't even have to think about it. Quietly, with his head down, he asked for a hot meal and a bath. Rumlow just nodded his head before grabbing his gun from the table and leading the weak boy back out of the room. This time, they turned to the other end of the hallway, took a small flight of steps upwards and down another long hallway before stopping at a thick metal door.
It was a blur of fighting and gunshots as the team made their way past the hidden door and down into the lower levels. Vision revealed that there were actually two more levels below them still and Steve cursed, muttering something about
The answer came in the form of a 12 piece beauty collection, all 7 shades of
! No, if he's there, it means they were able to save him, and he's there with Peter... And if he's there, then God knows what they've done to him, if he's even still alive..." Bucky was becoming erratic, and again, Steve didn't blame him. But he needed to try and calm down, as he was getting dangerously close to another strong outburst.
parents... You're going to be down here with us...
He didn't like being this guy anymore. He didn't wanna be Captain America, whoever the hell that even was anymore. Steve couldn't even recognize himself in the mirror anymore, because even he couldn't see himself past the suit. He was nothing more than a shiny costume that lied to the masses because they would listen to him. Because he saved the day way back when, so he had to be listened to now.
Steve was staring intently at a wall, listening to all of the shit going on around him as he tried to figure out where Rumlow had taken Nat in the first place. Bucky was standing off to the side talking to some other officers. Bucky was the man to do all of the talking lately. It used to be that Steve was the only one allowed to talk to the media, as per Pepper's permission, being the CEO of Stark Industries and all. Everything the Avengers said reflected on Tony, who was meant to be the leader, and that reflected on Stark Industries.
When they walked back into the kitchen, Nat was in the middle of snapping a photo of Tony and Bruce kissing under the mistletoe, and Steve was in the background making a stupid face that Nat was laughing at the whole time.
"Is this supposed to be one of those things I pretend I know nothing about?" He asked as Peter put his jacket back on. The boy said yes and he sighed. "Peter, if anything happens to you..."
Peter begins pleading, voice so hoarse it hurts him to breathe but he doesn't want this to be deflected or put off any longer. She was dead and they knew and they probably weren't going to tell him for a long time, but he wanted to hear it. He wanted the truth. For once he just wanted someone to tell him the truth. So Bucky sent Wanda for Steve in his place and knelt back down in front of Peter.
The sound of the city seemed muffled there in the dark where he stood, dust floating around his head. Wade was there waiting for him in the darkness, a loose jacket around his shoulders to match the loose jeans around his waist. He had a smirk on his lips like he knew what was coming, but he looked a little shook when Peter lunged at him and smashed their lips together. Their tongues fought for dominance in frenzied desperation, each of them panting, trying to breathe in the taste of the other's air.
Bucky felt shocked, but he just nodded, smiling softly when Peter looked up at him over the edge of the paper. "Okay, Petey."
Well, lived with both arms that is. Sometimes Steve forgets that Bucky didn't actually die. Sometimes he wishes that Bucky would've died, just so he could've been free from all of the bullshit.
Bucky reared back to swing, but Peter grabbed onto the metal arm and pulled just enough to stop Bucky mid-swing. Bucky turned and he looked furious, and Peter didn't miss the gun strapped to his thigh or the knife strapped to his ankle. Bucky, in his fit of rage, grabbed Peter by the hood of his jacket and started dragging him to the car.
Bucky looked damn near murderous. Natasha just looked sad for Peter.
He felt suffocated. His own voice echoed in his ears. "Hello? Hello! Please, hey! Hey, please! I'm down here! I'm down here! I'm stuck. I'm stuck! I can't move!"
Steve smiled softly and reached down to pet the dog beside him. "She's good... Keeps lookin' for ya."
And Steve obliged. He wheeled the boy down to his room without qualms and left the boy there just the same. Peter was glad. He felt he could finally have a moment to breathe, despite not really doing much breathing at the moment. He felt trapped, not in this space, but in his head, in his body. He didn't know who he was or who he could be. There was a gentle flash of memory behind his eyes and he could see a healthier version of himself walking across his room.
It hadn't even been a full 30 seconds after the door had closed after Wanda's exit that Peter turned to the scarred mercenary. "So, even after they blow your brains out, you get to keep your memories?"
Peter shook his head and held it close to him. "Don't let who know?"
"Hey, Petey, hey." Wade grabbed onto his shoulders again to stop the boy from panicking. "It's okay. We don't have to go back yet."
And Wade reaches out and grabs Peter by the hand. Wade didn't know if he took Peter's hand to stop him from clawing at the scars, or just for the sake of holding his hand. Maybe it was both. Wade wondered if Peter felt what he felt. Though Wade didn't even know what he felt.
Peter took a deep breath as Wade lined up and he let out a whimper as Wade was pushing in.
Steve just stared at the man in front of him, and his heart was clogging his throat so badly that he couldn't speak, and if he could, he didn't know what he would say. This was the man he'd loved with so much of his being. This man's father was once someone he'd considered to be his friend... And after all of this time, Steve was still such a large part of Tony's life because of Howard. It was a wonder how Tony ever loved him at all.
One wrong move would send the room up in smoke and flames.
in return.
Bucky was so clearly annoyed with him and his never-ending battle to be a part of the chaos. To have a spot in the line to defend the country. To have a place to defend Bucky, even though Bucky didn't need a scrawny kid looking after him.
In all reality, Wade thought as he looked around the little cabin, if someone wanted to find them bad enough they could. He looked to where Peter was laying, curled up on the couch and fast asleep... He couldn't keep Peter here any longer, but he couldn't go back with him anymore. Not like he wanted to. He needed to finish his mission, but he didn't have it in him to kill Peter. Not now... So he settled for doing what he could.
He stays silent and sits on the corner of their bed, facing them with a face of stone. He wonders what they know. He knows they're the two best spies on the planet, but for now, he'd be the innocent child they thought he was.
There was a long pause. "I don't know, sir."
When the sermon ended, Peter stole into a confessional and waited. He was silent, respectful. When the opposite side of the confessional opened, he took a shaking breath. He wasn't really sure how to proceed, but he thought he had a good idea.
He was going to die here, he was certain.
He swept over the bottom floor before slowly and silently making his way up a flight of bloodied metal stairs. With his shield still raised, he rounded a corner. Somewhere not far off he could hear quiet grunting and cursing. He furrowed his brows and advanced farther down the hallway.
Once they reached the privacy of the Quinjet that Steve brought, he sighed and sat his shield down. "How did you get here?"
But right now, all Wade's mind was focused on was keeping Peter safe anyways. The voices agreed, Peter needed him right now. He wasn't used to being needed, so it was strange to sit and know someone was relying on him to be the sane one for the moment.
Just across the alley from where he was standing, was a door that led into the next building. It looked... Off. Upon closer inspection, it seemed that the door had been kicked in. Pushing the door open, he saw the aftermath of what looked like something being dragged across the floor. And then he spotted, on the white carpet, one firey red strand of hair.
He felt Wade's hands roaming his body and he felt a tingle in his veins, but he soon became aware that it was a tingle of fear as the little girl approached. Peter was weighed down by fear, and by Wade's arms. He couldn't move anywhere, but he could hear Wade's voice in his ear.
“That,” she continued, “and you’re famous. We have to verify with like six people that we’re even allowed to access your record or we can get fired. Essentially, because you are you, what should have only taken two steps to do actually took like eight steps.” She finished by pulling a piece of paper from under her desk out and showing it to Steve.
“I am,” Tony finally said as he maintained eye contact with the other man. One thing the myths got right was the strange glow to a vampire’s eyes. Steven’s were luminescent and piercing, made even more dramatic for the startling vivid blue of his eyes. “Thank you.”
Tony dropped his hands and took a step back.  He wasn’t entirely sure what had come over him in the first place but he nodded to himself, mind made up.  “We should go out.”
Can faces turn purple from embarrassment? Because mine has got to be so far beyond red. Peter was frozen, possibly from shock. Did I really just say those words out loud? He thought, angry at himself for continuing the awkward silence between the two.
"Yup," the boy replied as he - yet again - won another race against the two men.
They didn’t seem to mind either, both settling themselves around her – acting as protective walls that kept all of the heartache out.
“Tasha? She wants me to get laid more than anyone. Speaking of, how’s your sister?” she asked, smiling at the frown he sported on his face.
“Oh honey, don’t pretend like you could handle that. You and your baby carrot dick would cum in your pants
Capable of deserving.
cheated on me. Said the thoughts were as bad as actions – he was drunk when he did this, by the way – and said a bunch of other horrible things. Including that he wasn’t worth it.”
He heard footsteps a few minutes later, his brother joining them while he wiped his eyes in exhaustion.
Steve laughed a little at that, “Till my voice was hoarse, which wasn’t actually that long, since I also yelled at him in the field.” He chuckled when she laughed, relishing the sound.
“Okay, thank you for telling me. You’re right, she’ll show up and probably offer some lame excuse…
With how teenage-angsty Joey has been, Steve prepared himself for the dramatic “you’re not my real parents” shtick he’d seen in so many movies and TV shows. He was surprised when she just threw sass back at Tony.
“He’s an innocent baby. It’s not his fault his Daddy is a dummy,” Howard said as he shot Tony a smirk. The teen deflated a little in contentment, the fear that his parents would want nothing to do with either of them slowly fading away. “With the worst taste in Alphas.”
Homecoming was apparently different than prom, in that people went straight from the game to the dance so there wasn’t really time to freshen up. At least for non players, the team usually showered in the locker rooms before heading to the gymnasium.
That’s what he concentrated on as Steve drove them to her apartment. That and having his kid back safe and sound. Before Steve could even park he was jumping out of the car, ignoring the blonde’s cries of protest to race up the several flights of stairs.
“Yup. Morgan’s teething. Harley is a late bloomer with the terrible twos. You are overworked at SI and I’m about to lose my mind. We’re getting dressed and we’re going on a date.”
Except this one was with a woman.
“Here Daddy! Put the blanket down here!”
"I'm sorry you had to hear that, Miles," Peter said somberly as he rubbed the boys back, walking alongside his love who luckily had been the one to remain calm. They ignored the insulting yells from the couple, walking back to the car to head back to the Tower. He walked around Wade to look at Mile's face, laughing when he realized the boy had been asleep for quite some time.
, no, I emailed her after…”
"It'll be great. You won him over a long time ago with a frantic phone call, big guy. Nothing for you to worry about."
Steve.
“We’ve got a code Jolly Green Giant.”
too,” she said.
Ready to share this with Clint.
She unwrapped it, feeling the two pairs of eyes on hers and was suddenly speechless at the gift in front of her. It was a simple and small black frame, a picture of the four of them inside from when they had taken her to try a local ice cream shop for the first time – a few weeks after she started staying with them. Pepper was with them that day and must have snuck the picture while the four hadn’t noticed. She traced her finger over the glass, still not sure what to say. She looked up with tears in her eyes at her Dads. Her parents; two men who loved her unconditionally, both of whom were sporting matching watery eyes with the teen.
Tony asked in a whisper, bending over and running a hand through the boy’s curls.
“No, of course not Steve,” Tony said, voice thick and tears quickly filling at the implication. “I...I know I don’t have the best reputation, getting knocked up at sixteen, but -”
"Jamie, wait!"
“So,” she said turning back to Cara, “what did you have in mind?”
“No. But do you remember when I told you
"By the way you're invited for Christmas," James said before pulling him in to kiss. "But if you don't want to-"
upset about? She was upset that she was being this fucking selfish.
“You’re going to need to be more specific, love.”
“I did!” she said excitedly, letting out another giggle when he pulled her into his arms, spun her around and set her on the floor instead of the counter.
“Yeah,” Tony said quietly. “So, we should probably work on Beowulf…”
“Tony, come on, you can’t tell me you haven’t had second thoughts about choices in your life - no matter how fleeting they are-”
“My voice was not squeaky!” Miles exclaimed, immediately pouting when everyone laughed at the - begrudging - squeak in his voice. Goddamn puberty.
He’d even reach out to Tony, who apologized but had some mandatory meetings to attend and was having Ruth watch Peter for the day.
“Say the word, Steve, and I’ll take care of it.” He stole a glance at his long-time friend, glad to see her smiling back but also noting she was being serious.
and was trying to give him a free pass.
He smiled when he entered the kitchen and smelled the fresh brewed pot waiting for him. He grabbed a cup to fill and blew on the delicious liquid before sipping carefully, only now noticing something else waiting for him. There was also an aluminum foil covered plate, which revealed pancakes and bacon still steaming underneath. He grabbed the breakfast before taking it and went to join the wonderful sounds of his kids laughing in the living room.
“Yes,” replied both Steve and Emerson.
He couldn’t help being angry as they rode the elevator back down after saying goodnight to their hosts. Not at Jo, he knew how much she hated the disorder.
“Really?!” Peter exclaimed in excitement, further confusing Daci as she watched the boy jump up and down in the elevator.
“Tony.”
“You knew this was coming, kiddo. We did not let you move back home just to throw yourself a pity party.”
“Don’t fret Steve,” Tony said as he used one hand to pat his shoulder in comfort. “Can you call her? See where she went?” Steve felt his eyes close in anger.
” he whispered to her, instantly putting a smile on her face. {
Steve.
The brunette used that opportunity to go to the bathroom on the other side of the building, not noticing a few guys following behind him.
“Sorry,” her Tati muttered as he pulled Daci back into his embrace. She snuggled closer into him with a smile before peering towards the archer.
“…yeah, keep saying my name, gorgeous.”
“Wrong,” Wade said immediately before leaning against the island and planting a quick kiss on Peter’s lips. “You
“Daci!” Morgan said again, putting a smile on Daci’s face even if Tony looked angry.
“Look, James. I don’t think you’re thinking rationally here. You just found out about us, but that doesn’t necessarily mean we feel that way now.”
“You will do no such thing!” Maria snapped at the two, making the older Alpha and younger Omega flinch back from her outburst. His Mom rarely went against his Dad, but on the rare occasion that she did - her way always trumped everyone else’s.
Emerson had chosen "I'm Too Sexy," which earned a snort from Steve before he was able to regain his composure. He stood near the couch as Miles brought his first outfit out, rocking the hell out of a tiny and adorable Tom Ford.
“Steve met Nonna and Grandpa, now it’s our turn to meet his family. And if I hear one more complaint out of you I’m going to donate your toys. You will be polite and on your best behavior, do you understand me?” Tony asked the pup, the Omega’s hands on his hips just outside of their waiting car.
"I don't need a thermometer, I'm not that sick. Deal with the children first," his Dad grumbled as Peter tried to put it in his mouth.
“Bruce told you, didn’t he?” the genius asked, remembering the conversation he had with his favorite scientist about his husband. He got his answer when Rhodey just chuckled.
“You’re home,” she said with a yawn.
“YAAAS!” Peter exclaimed before running into the kitchen. Steve noticed Emerson hesitate and look down, not moving to get some ice cream.
She was frozen. Literally frozen in place as she watched them die, powerless to do anything about it. This is all your fault Steve’s limp and bloody body managed to say. We never should have taken you in came Tony’s remark, body contorted next to his husband. Above them stood the monster, the one who took everything from her. The monster’s fiery demon-like eyes found hers, snarling as he sprinted towards her –
“Zip it or I’ll recode the sass out of you,” Tony threatened, too busy working on his calculation for an armor upgrade to put any real threat into it.
“I mean,” Tony continued, making Joey think maybe she had a little bit of Tony too – as he continued digging himself deeper, “he’s kinda funny, you know? Smart-ish…” he teased at Steve, who was still just glaring at him.
“There was a car accident. Harley was with him but he’s unharmed. That was Pepper on the phone, she said Tony is in surgery.” The ringing in his ears quickly returned as he once again curled in on himself and whimpered in pain.
“Yeah,” Steve agreed before switching to French, “
“I know! Honestly I think I’m just going to take it,” she whispered. When she looked back over at her dad, he suddenly had tears in his eyes.
"You gotta be if you beat can Spiderman
"oooOooo" the teens teased as their Dad quickly shot them a glare.
“You…think?” she was really good at the whole condescending younger-sister thing.
“How’d he know?” He smiled at seeing her cheeks blush.
He’d never seen him react that way about one of his exes. Even the more ‘desperate for fame’ ones he talked about fondly.
Wade turned the lights down a little more before crawling into bed with Peter and pulling him close. He kissed the boy on the top of his head and felt Peter grip tightly onto his arm with both hands.
Bucky turned his attention to the old standing radio in the corner. It was one of their nicer things, that radio was. It cost Bucky almost three months' worth of working the extra shifts down at the docks. He still remembers the first time he and Steve laid their eyes on it as they walked down the street, casually window shopping for things they knew they would never afford. He remembers how Steve's eyes lit up upon seeing the polished wood frame and the built-in turntable in the top.
Wade took the time that Peter was breathless and unfocused to pull out and clean them both up a little bit before letting Peter have a nap.
She'd been staying with him in his room while Tony helped renovate an apartment for her too, but as of right now she was upstairs. As it rang, he could hear May's voice and he could feel that he was zoning out but he couldn't stop it. Distantly he could hear Wanda's voice, but when he blinked he was no longer in his room, but back with Hydra.
He waited, anxiety only getting worse. He heard Wade curse before letting out three more rounds and then finally sighing into the receiver. "Petey! How's it going?"
Without blinking or even seeming bothered, Nat started making up a cup of coffee. "He took it off in the traffic. I don't blame him, even I thought it was loud."
After leaving the makeup store, Pepper made sure to remind Tony that she needed to stop at one of the nearby outlet stores. Tony asks why they'd go to an outlet store when he's a billionaire and she laughs, reminding him that not everyone is a billionaire. He laughs and accepts by handing his card back to Peter and tells him he can buy whatever he wants. Peter asks if it'd be okay to buy some new clothes.
Nat looked up at the two men. "Breadcrumbs."
And Peter pulled the older man down into a kiss and he felt his heart leap into his throat the moment their lips touched. It was like a fire sparked somewhere deep inside of him and his whole body was being used as paper-thin embers to fuel it. Wade's touch was like lightning, each brush of their skin together sent sparks of riveting light across Peter's soul and surrounding his heart.
It was the first instance that nobody had stared.
Rumlow left Bucky's line of sight as he ducked into the alleyway and Bucky cursed rather loudly as he picked up the speed as much as possible.
This time it was Nat who spoke, "There's only one way to know for sure..."
Everyone was a mess, wondering what'd become of their boy. If he was even alive... That was the one thought nobody wanted to discuss out loud. An idea none of them were willing to entertain.
Wade shook his head, though Peter couldn't see him. "The world is massive. It's so big. The cities, the ocean, space! You like space, don't you Peter?"
There was some shuffling on the other end of the line before Bucky responded. "Yeah, buddy I'm on the way. Wait in the office for me, okay? I'll be there as soon as I can."
He'd been doing pretty good about the whole not-killing thing, and as much as he loved that boy, if he had to kill for him, he was going to be pissed.
Peter was vaguely nodding along to what Wade was saying all while being helped to his feet and out of his clothes.
Peter frantically looked around the alley Wade had drug them into and saw all the people passing out on the street. "I wanna go. There's- There's too many- Wade, I can't."
"You already betrayed us, but I can't believe you'd kill me, Brock. I don't think you'd get the chance."
next chapter will be nat-centric
The boy's voice shook. "I don't."
Wade crawled back onto the bed with the lube and settled himself between Peter's legs. Peter rested his hands on Wade's shoulders and all Wade did was stroke Peter's thigh to soothe him as he lubed himself up with the other hand.
Wade's touch was gentle as he shimmied Peter's sweats down a little, and the only mind he paid to the scars, on Peter's hips and upper thighs, was to shower them with kisses on the way down.
Later, after Bucky and Nat leave the kitchen, if Peter tells Banner to stop staring at his mother, well, nobody has to know.
The only answer that he got was from the birds. His breathing picked up as he went back inside. He remembered that Wade put his number into Peter's phone, but when he called it, Wade's shitty flip phone rang in the other room instead.
Steve had reverted back into Captain America. The burden of the stripes followed him everywhere he went, from the conference rooms to the bathroom. He wasn't Steve anymore, not really. Peter had been taken from him, he and Bucky haven't gotten a single chance to think about planning their wedding and Nat's been so buried in the work she doesn't even come home anymore. The weight of being the Captain, the leader, the soldier... It was taking a toll on whatever emotional strength Steve still had inside of him.
Wade let him go, only to sit up and grab his hands to stop Peter from clawing at his own skin. It was animalistic the way Peter tried to tear into himself. It was like there was something on the inside he needed to rip out. Some demon living inside of his bones, making him like this.
The pain was too much for him, and he let his eyes droop shut, silently praying for someone to save him, even though he knew that they'd never come.
Peter followed the group, even when the others broke away to go recoup. He followed Steve and Bucky and Nat and Tony down the long halls and into the elevator. In front of this man, they wouldn't show Peter any kind of affection, lest he try and use it against them.
"Do you wanna keep sleeping in a box, Parker?"
I- Wait, this is a third person story, isn't it? Alright fine, HE slinked away from the building, back into the cover of the darkness provided by the trees. He was sure that he'd be detected as long as he was on the property, but luckily enough he was able to cut a wire. Funny how multimillion-dollar operating systems can fail with just one faulty wire. That's probably bad planning on Stark's part, but oh well, it makes Deadpool's job so much easier.
As of this moment though, there was no real snow, and there were no Avengers to save him. It was just him, the four walls, and the vents that pumped in the ice cold air.
When he walked into the bedroom and saw Bucky curled up in his favorite old ratty chair, he smiled but frowned when he followed Bucky's trained gaze to their bed. "Buck? What's going on?"
Natalia kissed both of their heads and smiled before picking up some of the trash. Peter crawled to the tree to dig out a little box with her name on it for her. She accepted it, taking it very carefully to make sure whatever it was didn't get broken between now and when she opened the box.
On the porch, bundled up in what he might call the softest blanket in the world, Peter answered his phone as he leaned on the railing. "Good morning, Wade."
He just wanted to sleep and ignore his problems. Specifically, the one that was supposed to be growing inside of him at this very moment. He was going to have a baby, him, a dude, was going to have a baby. And no matter what, the baby would be in danger for its whole life because
Peter smirked a little bit before sliding down onto the floor in between Wade's legs. Peter looked up through his lashes as he grabbed ever so gently onto Wade's thigh. His hand was dangerously close to a place that could no longer be classified as thigh anymore.
They were all just empty words now, accompanied in his dreams by empty bodies. Empty promises and shattered hopes. He could see their bodies, but not their faces. Nothing that made them human. He had nightmares about their voices, their gentility. He only remembers glances of them, brief instances that he spent with them... But he had no idea who they were now. He had no idea if he'd ever see them again, whoever they were.
He shook his head. "No, you're alright... I think I'll just take you off for now, though."
and he's wondering why he couldn't remember something so short and simple.
literal
He pulled the small needle from his bag, along with the blood bag and IV tube. He didn't want to do this anymore, but he knew that he had to. Cable might kill him for this because he knew what came out of this, he just didn't know what it'd do to the world around him... But if Cable wasn't here to stop him, he figured it was a pretty good clue to go ahead and do it.
Steve thought it was an outrage. "He's just a kid, Tony."
"What are you doing here?"
Bucky's day started with his phone ringing off the fucking hook and a frantic Steve half-yelling at him on the other end of it. From what he could gather, Rumlow had managed to escape in Bucky's absence and they couldn't find him, so they needed him to come back and help them find him because he was probably the one who knew Rumlow's habits the best.
Peter heard footsteps, and he saw Wade standing behind the girl, and the footsteps grew louder and louder, and he felt hands on his body, and he could hear someone calling his name.
Peter felt kinda sad now, thinking about everything that he was missing since he moved into the compound, and as much as he loved it here, nothing really compared to home. He clicked away from Wade's text message to call Aunt May, who took forever to pick up.
Grabbing onto the handle of the metal door, he yanked with all of the strength that he could manage and pulled the door off of the hinges, effectively rendering the locks on the inside as useless as the people. He heard yelling in the Soldier's native tongue and then screaming the moment he came through the door.
Peter finally goes out on a mission. The trip does not go how he expected it to.
(this is only part 1 and I'm so sorry it's so short I just can't keep track of myself, I'm kinda losing my shit here and I can't make myself focus on trying to write anything right now, i'm so sorry I'll do better on the next one.)
He hit his head back against the wall and furrowed his brows. It sounded hollow, empty. He looked up to the wall above him and stood. He knocked on the wall very gently, listening very closely. He moved the framed picture of Peter and May where it hung on the wall and saw the square cut into it. He dug the edge of his knife into it and popped the panel out. Inside were two very thick manilla folders.
Peter outright promised that nobody was going to die, and Bucky reluctantly asked what kind of weapon he was looking for. Peter said he'd take whatever was concealable and would do a lot of damage. Bucky offered him a selection of blades and smaller handguns. Peter said he'd take a knife, as he didn't quite trust himself with guns just yet.
Bucky and Nat cuddle up with Peter for a night.
Peter deals with another change in his life.
Wade instantly apologizes as he sets a bag from Delmar's down on Peter's dresser. "I didn't mean to startle you, Petey, I'm sorry."
She shakes her head. "Off-planet."
Steve, despite his steely exterior, had a very soft heart. He never let his emotions show on the surface until it came to his family. Tony called Bucky 'Tin Man' once and, let's just say he never made that mistake again. Steve has always felt very deeply, and he's always tried to hide it. But everyone knows that when it comes to the people he loves, Steve is an emotional mess.
He pulled out a hair dryer, flat iron, and curling iron, and the fact that the curling iron didn't match the others didn't matter because Peter had seen these on the website and knew what they cost.
He called out, but his voice was weak. In some miracle, he heard footsteps approaching him and he saw Bucky, looking a bit more tired than when they last saw one another. Peter asked where the hell they were, and Bucky answered with exactly what Peter didn't want to hear.
"Forvige me father, I believe I've sinned... I don't think I've ever confessed in my life, but I'd like to start."
It was like an alarm going off in their heads, because in the next moment they were both waking up, instantly checking on the child lying between them.
"Wade, are you... cooking?"
Wade seemed to understand Peter's babbling. He took off his backpack and helped Peter strap it on, letting the bag act as a weight to keep Peter grounded while Wade led them through the city. Peter's phone kept vibrating in his back pocket and Wade had no problem grabbing the annoying little thing and turning it off completely.
Once she got Peter calmed down enough that he could breathe properly, she got him to crawl back into bed. As soon as he turned his music on in his headphones, he was out like a light.
Wade nodded, telling him that she refused to leave until he was better. He just nodded and looked back to the bath water. Wade didn't try and say anything more, nor did he try and make him talk anymore. He just carefully helped him wash up, then wrapped him in the warm towels he pulled from the dryer. He let the clothes keep running so they'd stay warm for a while as he helped Peter dry off. He asked him what he wanted to eat, and Peter said he'd be okay with something quick because he just wanted to crawl into bed and be comfortable.
Wade realizes he might be falling for Peter.
Peter decided that he was going to make himself go back to school the day after his... pregnancy scare? The whole ordeal is still taking some time to wrap his head around. He still doesn't quite get it, but Wade seems to know, and Nat seemed to believe him.
Peter doesn't say anything, he knows he doesn't have to.
Once she'd found him out as Spider-Man, she finally understood why he was awake so often in the night. She understood the nightmares that woke him from the few hours of sleep he managed to get.
. We're safe here. We're safe with you. In fact, you make me feel twice as safe compared to when I'm here alone. Know why?" He waited for Bucky to shake his head. "Because you're here with me, and I know that you've always got my back no matter what, just like I've always got yours. Okay? Nothing is gonna happen to us. You won't hurt us. We're safe... Bucky,
the big 50... where everything goes to shit.
Peter nodded even though he knew that he couldn't be seen. "Thank you. I'm sorry."
alert him, but only when he was in a room alone. He didn't want to let the cat out of the bag and risk Peter being upset that other people knew.
He looked up at the closest person, Wanda, and she nodded as she gently took it, quietly asking if it would be okay to put it on his wrist. He nods and holds it out to her and she, being the Saint that she is, pays no mind to the things already there and gently fastens the watch on. The screen lights up and displays his heart rate to him, and she quietly points to the little icons and tells him what they mean after he asks her to.
It was an unshakable feeling. The intense paranoia of being followed made it harder and harder to breathe with every moment spent cowering in the shadows. Somehow some parts of the hallway were even darker than the rest, and somewhere in Peter's mind, he wondered if he was the only thing lurking in these shadows.
;)smut;)
Nobody had ever seen Peter Parker get angry. Now they're all wishing they hadn't. See, when he was angry, Peter wasn't the same. He wasn't pulling his punches to avoid causing a serious injury like regular Peter was. No, this Peter didn't care if anybody got hurt. Right now it's what he wanted. He wanted to make this kid hurt for even mentioning his mother to begin with.
Peter didn't know why, but something felt different now.
Sometime in between Wanda promising that she'll be right back, she's in the middle of helping Steve not blow up the kitchen, and her actually walking out of his apartment, Peter's managed to zone out again. This memory felt so much worse than the last that his head started to throb.
As a joke, Wade said over the bed, and Peter let him hang it there. Wade laid down and beckoned Peter closer. Peter did him one better and crawled onto his lap to finally kiss him properly, hands cupping Wade's cheeks.
And his breath caught in this throat when he laid eyes on her for the first time. Because there she was in all of her brains and beauty, Princess Shuri.
"Wade, please! Let me go, Wade, please!" he shrieked as he kicked his legs out towards the little girl. He felt Wade's grip tighten around him and he screamed, hoping desperately that there was someone around to help him.
There, he saw Bucky lying on his back, his flesh arm across his face to quiet his cries.
"Wade, you know, I-I've never done this before.."
Peter thought it was a great idea to start a garden, and Bucky promised that they'd get started on that as soon as Peter ate dinner tonight and Peter smiled before allowing himself to be wheeled upstairs. He knew that everyone was being so nice to him because he didn't remember a whole lot about them or the places he'd been with them. Nervously, he asks Nat if he has windows that open in his bedroom and she said yes, without asking why.
Steve nods, and they make their way back to Brooklyn. It's been a very long time since Steve straight up killed anyone, but he supposes it's never too late to start giving these Hydra assholes what they deserve.
"My system suffered a malfunction at 01:30:21 on Friday morning. My system did not reboot totally until 01:44:15, sir."
By the time that Wade actually arrived, 'soon' had become too late, and Peter had already escaped MJ and run back inside somewhere impossible to find. MJ waited outside until the man approached her and then had to explain how Peter had escaped her, and how she'd been looking everywhere with no sign of him.
He remembered a large apartment building and a door on one of the upper floors and he wanted to go there. The last time he went somewhere alone, he ended up not coming back, so it made sense when he made himself sit up and call for Wanda on his watch.
After a minute, Bucky pulled away entirely and yanked Stark by the hair until he rose to his feet. He tilted his head back to lessen the pull on his hair and the action exposed his neck for Bucky to grab onto with his free hand. He could feel Stark's pulse racing against his metal fingers. He felt Stark's nervous swallow against his palm. They both knew that Bucky was angry enough to be able to strangle Stark to death without a second thought right now.
"You know..." Bucky started as the pair left the apartment, on their way to visit Peggy in her nursing home, "You still owe Peggy a dance."
When Wade's eyes moved to Peter's chest... When they trailed over the burns on his otherwise flawless skin... Peter looked down. Wade just kissed over it and started pulling Peter's bottoms off.
See, Peter doesn't like hitting people, not really. But he really doesn't like being pushed around either. He brings his elbow back and it collides with Bucky's gut. "Let me go!"
He made his way to the back of the lab and sat down at Tony's computer. He slid his hand across the holographic keyboard and smirked when the screen lit up. Tony had a basic password, it was juvenile and stupid, which made sense because so was Tony. Peter typed in 'captainamericock' and was looking at Tony's background in an instant.
Peter cried out. Maybe pain was pleasurable, but not like this it wasn't. This was horrible, the blood trickling down his chest. The burns from so long ago, now bleeding from yet another wound that wouldn't heal.
Peter kicked the woman back and she sprawled across the concrete. Peter webbed her down and then swung off once more.
Four days after Peter's rescue and he's upstairs with Natasha and Steve and they're just having a casual conversation. Bucky is out at the store with Wanda, he thinks, and Wade had to go home for a while.
"There's a little cabin hidden pretty far into the woods, so I hope you're okay for a hike."
they say as they brush away his thoughts like dust on his shoulders.
And Bucky hated it too. Leaving Peter alone was the last thing that he wanted to do, but he kept promising Peter that he'd be back soon and he'd bring Steve so they could spend some time together again and be close as family. He promised to bring Rebecca back with him so that Peter could have some company, and that he'd make sure to talk to MJ while he was there to let her know how to reach Peter.
Steve knows he wasn't the perfect child for an only parent to raise, but he hopes that he learned a lot from her on how to raise children...
"I don't know who that is! I have no idea who the hell you're talking about!" He's getting really worked up about it now, he can't help it. It's so goddamn frustrating not remembering the simplest of things. As of this point in time, he doesn't even know when his own birthday is. All he knows is what happen at Hydra and a few very vague and unimportant things from long before that.
The news about the move was delivered to Peter almost two weeks after Tony and Steve talked in the gym. It took nearly that long for Steve to talk to Bucky and Nat about it, after all. Well, talking to them was easy, but waiting for them to decide if it was something they even wanted to do was something else entirely.
Bucky watched as Peter looked over the array of blades. The young boy took two switchblades that varied widely in size and another thicker knife. He hid them on his person as Bucky put the rest of the blades away before turning to face the boy.
peter doesn't quite know how to deal
He looked to Nat where she leaned on the counter, and finally, in the silence around them, he let the words hang like lost friends between them. "I don't want to raise Peter in The Life anymore. I don't want him being a hero."
Steve combed his fingers through Bucky's hair and listened to the tell-tale signs of his impending release. The delicate whimpers and the clenching of his eyes clued Steve in to just how close Bucky really was.
With his lips right next to Peter's ear, he fucking growled. "No you don't, not yet Peter. Be a good boy and wait, can you do that for me? Can you wait for me Petey?"
"Bucky..."
Would anyone look down on him for not wanting to keep it? Could he really live with himself if he did? What would Aunt May think? He wished he had her perspective right now.
Rumlow seemed pleased but made no move to help with the removal of his pants or belt. He did instruct Peter to take the belt all the way off and hand it to him though. Peter did as he was told and handed the man his belt before undoing his cargo pants and pulling them down some.
so I have plans for this to be a super long story, but it may take me a while because I'm slow, so bear with me and the possible filler chapters ahead!
