The rest of the school day is a blur. Not that any of his classes were horribly academic, anyway. And he's stuck staying after until it's time to pick up Sammy. Jo and Ash left half an hour before, so Dean hauls himself into the library, using the computer to play Tetris. There's only a handful of people around, including a crotchety old librarian and a dark-haired boy in a trenchcoat whom he recognizes from his English class. What's his name? Calvin? Cranston? It's something strange. He tries not to think about it too hard. Fortunately, Dean doesn't have to, since gets a text from Sammy a few minutes later.
”Wow, Dean and I are really feeling the love,” Ash says. Cas doesn’t miss Dean roll his eyes.
Sam checks his watch; it's barely eight o'clock.
“Yes,” Cas breathes. Dean huffs a little laugh against Cas’ underwear.
"Whatever, Dean." Once the coins are put back in their respective piles, Sam heads back to the kitchen. Dean rubs the sleep from his eyes.
”Hey Cas?” Dean mumbles, more into his arm than anywhere else. Cas turns his head.
Dean is saying something. Cas stares at him. What's he saying? Cas can't tell. He stares harder.
”If you know what’s good for you, that hasn’t changed,” Gilda warns from the back seat.
“Okay. Well, can I hear what you’re thinkin’? About Victor?”
"That's harsh, Sammy. What's eatin' you?"
"Anyway, on to more important matters," she says, handing him his present. "Merry Christmas!"
uhhh trigger warning violence
of a fire extinguisher. The crackling of the flame stops. Cas thinks he catches Dean chuckle, but something stops him.
But he doesn’t. Castiel is still.
“Alright, Sammy, let's get ready.” He pulls his reluctant brother up by the arms.
he wonders, pushing it open. He ignores the shaking in his forearms.
“You idjits be safe, alright?” He looks more towards Dean, who's twirling his keys around his finger.
They're hardly through the first movie before the pizza's all been devoured. Gabriel sits himself in one of the empty boxes before clambering over to curl up on Sam's lap. Dean squirms out of the way to go and get a drink, chuckling to himself when the cat rubs its face up on Sam's chin. The idea of holding onto the cat for more than one night niggles its way into Dean's head. But their dad is going to be home tomorrow, so he quickly banishes the thought. He digs around in the fridge for a couple minutes before a bottle of beer jumps out at him. He pops the top off with practiced ease, taking a swig before going back over to the couch.
“Father Jim blessed this fountain,” Castiel says. The dark water ripples at his touch, “I asked him to after a friend of mine passed away.”
Dean sets his DVD on the table and sends a picture to Charlie. She sends one back of her chocolate lab, Princess Leia, with a leash hanging from her mouth. The two of them do this for a while, sending pictures back and forth, all while saying as few words as possible. Charlie sends him a selfie, Dean sends one back.
Dean laughs. It’s an honest laugh, but it’s too high in his throat, too constricted by what he doesn’t want to let out.
"You're not good at this whole 'surprise' thing, are you?" Dean whispers back. Cas opens his mouth to reply, but reaching up to the top shelf of the cabinet, he slips and drops the bowl he's holding. It hits the stovetop, it booms loud and shrill against the ceramic. Tiny spheres of uncooked burger meat fly everywhere. One even lands in Cas' hair. "Shit!" Dean howls with laughter. He drops his feet back to the floor just so he can lean over and slap his knee. Cas, chuckling, gets down and picks all the meatballs up, endearingly careful. "Damn it, Cas." They both laugh a little harder. That is, until a light flicks on behind them.
”Not when it counts.”
It is raining on Castiel’s face when the song ends.
“I’m sorry for yours,” Dean says. Luke chuckles, a dark thing. Dean doesn’t feel comforted.
Castiel puffs his inhaler. The fluorescent lights of the kitchen are quickly overpowering the daylight.
“Oh, my son, my son.” She murmurs into his hair.
”My appendix. From when I met Samandriel.” Cas explains. When Dean looks at Cas again, it’s as if the bags under his eyes grew darker in an instant.
"No, Dean, you know what? Just leave it." Sam huffs, followed by a door slam that rattles the whole house.
Castiel traces his fingertips over the middle of the board, familiar and cool. White marble pieces stand at attention in front of the rocking chair, while black stand with the armchair. Underneath each piece are letters, carved expertly into the marble:
"So you see my point!"
"Come on, Ice, it's freezing outside!" Brady exclaims, before a look of horror crosses his face.
Bobby's hand lands on Dean's shoulder. "Kid." Bobby stops him. Thank God. "It's alright. I know."
“A bit." Sam shrugs. "I'm not very good since someone--” he shoots a look at Dean-- “never wants to play with me.” Castiel hears Dean chuckle, but he doesn't say a word.
Adra’s hair is down. As they pass through the doors, it wafts behind her. Dean wonders if Mary would’ve had hair like Adra’s, shiny and curly even as it greys.
"What sort of shit?" Cas asks, helping Dean set his bag down at the island. Dean shoves the stack of papers his way: notes from his English class, Cas notices, covered in green pen marks. He leaves the notes on the island for later. Dean shifts closer to Cas.
"Where's Jake?" Kevin asks, making room for Brady on the steps. Jake usually gets a ride with Brady in the mornings. Sam's knees brush against Kevin's back.  Feeling the thin fabric of Kevin's jacket through his jeans, Sam wonders how on earth the boy isn't at least shivering by now.
”I didn’t know flowers bloomed this early in the year.” Dean remarks.
"Thank you, Dean." Cas says as he opens the door. "This has been an experience."
he asks silently, rolling his eyes at himself. He goes through his mental checklist, grinding his teeth a little harder the further down he gets:
"Yeah, I sure don't wanna be here when the demons to show up," Dean smirks, looking up at the ceiling. Castiel wonders vaguely if that's a joke he's not meant to understand. "You got a ride?" Dean looks at Castiel.
As it turns out, Dean and Cas are already awake. The two boys are curled up next to each other on the couch, blankets upon blankets covering them. They've both got steaming mugs in their hands. Cas looks paler than usual, and he's wearing Dean's old AC/DC shirt underneath his coat.
Dean moves back only to blow the smoke away from Cas' face and spit over the railing. He leaves a small spot identical to the one Cas made earlier.
Dean blinks again and props himself up on his elbows. He remembers the dry heat of both Colorado and Kansas, the open road where hills were practically non-existent, and the tiny towns where cable TV was a modern invention.
"Oh! Hello, Castiel." She gestures for him to sit down in the nearest chair. He does, dropping his bookbag next to the island. "I didn't expect you home so early."
Dean looks over to the worn leather wallet on the counter, then back at Sam. Sam's smile is worth it.
”Fuck.” He says out loud. The word echoes in the dark.
Castiel stares across the table, to Dean. His eyebrows are creased together again, and there’s been a tension in his shoulders since he sat down. He still isn’t looking up.
By the time the bell rings, Castiel is utterly bored, nearly ready to sue whoever decided chimpanzees were proper motivators. But considering all the glances at Dean that he doesn't take, he thinks it's worth it.
”No way! What’s your dad been up to?”
Dean didn’t think about it until Cas had stood and curled his fists, but he was deeply, deeply fucked. Cas’ fist collides with Dean’s stomach. There was more force behind it than Dean had thought possible. He doubles over.
Sam's voice is right outside the door the next time he speaks. "Who wants to play chess?"
Castiel thinks
Inside, Castiel feels instantly better. He coughs, but he feels something loosening inside him. Sam’s glasses fog up as he crosses into the landing. Dean looks up from the island in time to make a quip. It feels normal. Normal is definitely something Castiel could go for right now. He sidles over to Dean and plants a kiss on his neck. Faintly, Castiel wonders where his mother has gone, but he leaves the thought to the side. Cas tells Dean his wish.
"What are you writing?" Sam asks, looking down at the journal. It's the one Dean gave him: there's a little bookmark sticking out a couple pages in. Cas looks at him, his eyes far away.
Another multimedia message, but this time it's a video. While it loads, Cas leaves his phone and goes up to grab his textbooks. His muscles are smarting by the time he's climbed up the stairs and pulled himself through the trapdoor. The room itself is bleak. Shaking out his arms, Castiel unlatches one of the windows and pushes it open, a breeze washing over him. He takes his textbooks and the week-old hot chocolate mug off the desk and down to the kitchen with him.
Dean shuts his eyes. “Fine, you win.”
Jessica Moore is kissing him. Under the mistletoe.
“I’m… sorry ‘bout your friend,” John says. He looks at Dean with glistening eyes, “I’m sorry, Dean.” It’s a lot more than right now John is apologizing for. Dean swallows again.
When he opens his eyes, everything looks as if it's been covered in a sheet of blue fog. He clicks his desk lamp on, the room explodes in a pulse of fluorescent yellow. He squints again, turning away. There is a collection of books resting on the wall opposite his desk. It's significantly smaller than the other shelves of books, these are his favorites. On the top of the pile rests the Bible, the binding having been taped together more times than he can count, along with a copy of
As quietly as they can, they move the coffee table over to the far wall. Then Dean stands in front of Cas with his arms open. He puts a hand on Cas’ waist, underneath his coat.
There are three things that Castiel notices when the door swings open. The first is that it's just begun to snow: a few tiny flakes are sprinkling down between him and Dean. Second, Dean has a small red Santa hat sliding off his head. And third, Castiel's heart is hammering so hard in his chest he can almost hear it.
”No.” Cas swallows. “There was a car accident, on the way home one day. Samandriel was in the front seat.” A lump bursts in Cas’ throat and he feels hot, hot tears in his eyes. “Forgive me.” He turns away from Dean. Cas’ eyes sting. Oh, God, the sunlight gleaming off of the car windshield is something Cas could never forget. People do have an awful lot of blood in them. It’s much more striking when it’s laid out all across the street.
"You know what's weird?" She asks.
Now, though, his body doesn’t give a damn about whether he feels like eating or not. Sam pulls the fridge open; it’s mostly empty as usual, but there’s something wrapped in tin foil that Sam doesn’t recognize. He sniffs and folds back the foil. French fries? His stomach growls again. He picks through them and eats a couple, still cold.
Much to his discomfort, his long hair sticks to the back of his neck despite the cold. A girl offers him a hair tie, and he finishes his hair off in a short ponytail. It's not long before the cold sets in, so Sam and a small handful of other kids do jumping jacks to keep warm.
”Hello, Sam,” Cas says. His eyes crinkle when he smiles.
”C’mon, dude, even angels need their beauty sleep.” Dean insists. Cas tilts his head.
It takes all of an hour for Sam to fall asleep, slumping down on to Dean like a rag doll. Carefully, the two lucid boys take Sam's glasses off. Dean leads Sam back to his bedroom, the younger brother stumbling along behind. Cas' stomach twists uncomfortable; he tries to rub his eyes like he's tired, but they spring back open. The clock reads 12:07 AM.
The only thing inside is a very large handful of bills. Dean looks up.
“I love it. The writing is beautiful.” He replies. Dean flips through his copy of the book, scanning the page for what Castiel hopes is something to say.
Dean and Cas stare hard at each other. "You are correct, Dean. There is nothing you can do to help me. But it's not like this is new to me. My doctor has said the best thing to do is for you to simply be my friends." Cas looks away from Dean at last. Sam feels something well up in his throat, feeling like he missed the silent conversation that passed between the other two.
Chapter warnings: food, mentions of hunger and anxiety, sensuality/physical affection/minor sexuality, penises
”So,” Dean says, “How’d you get into all this?”
Dean sighs. “Dude.”
“Do you think you matter?” Cas says. He doesn’t respond to Dean’s fist, which throbs on impact. It doesn’t sound like a question, so Dean doesn’t answer, only holds his hand out dumbly. “You think God cares what you say about Him? He has a plan for each of us, Dean. And sometimes it sucks! Sometimes kids get cancer! Or cystic fib--”
Dean remembers. There's a pair of gas-station sunglasses somewhere in his room. Dean rushes to his bedroom, kicking clothes up off the floor. A pair of tacky, neon green sunglasses flies up with them. He doesn't catch them.
[redacted]
He stares at the bottom of the bed, at the shadowy spot that his foot kicked, for a long, tense moment. He can feel his heart beat in his stomach. The radio serenades him with the upbeat pounding of Ke$ha. He doesn't hear it, only the sound of the blood pulsing in his ears.
"Brady!" Jess scolds, but Sam waves her off. That's just who Brady is.
Dean drops the envelope.
The old radio on Castiel's desk crackles out a weather report every ten minutes exactly. It's taken Castiel four weather reports to choose his clothes out, fold them, and then nervously put them back in the wardrobe.
“We need to finish this.” Cas huffs, turning a page. He underlines a passage. Dean groans.
The church they park at is only a few minutes down the road. It’s made of stone and there are three steps up to the front door.
”Are you kidding? Bobby will talk about food for hours, he gave Miss Novak a call a few days ago and I got the recipe from him.”
Dean is a Huge Fucking Dork
The bed creaks again as Deana adjusts. Then the silence settles in, resting like a blanket over the two boys. Cas is surprised at how full Dean makes his house feel. The silence is not empty with them.
“I knew Eden would outlive me, Sam. I knew, and I planted it anyway.”
Cas doesn’t think that’s right, but he honestly isn’t sure.
"I understand," Castiel muses. And Sam knows he does.
”Cas, mi hermano!” Ash says, after swallowing, “where have you been? We’ve been dying without you, man!” He plops down across the table from Cas.
They munch more.
"Fuck, Cas, I had no idea, I'm so sorry," Dean is babbling. Cas feels water drip down his back. He shudders. Dean's hand is on the back of Cas' neck. Cas opens up to say something. A mouthful of water comes out instead. Cas doubles over. His cough isn't just wet, it's sticky too. Dean curses. "Shit, let's get you inside." Cas nods. He's not quite sure what happened, anyway.
“My apologies. But, planting Eden got me thinking a lot--” Castiel coughs, “When God created humanity, He gave us rules. But, He did not make us unthinking, unfeeling things. He gave us the choice to disobey Him.”
Castiel’s room is cool, the gentle evening air wafting in through a cracked window, blowing back the curtains. Dean runs his hands along the windowsill. He remembers watching the fireflies with Castiel. Wanting to kiss him for the first time. There’s a dent in the wall where Dean made impact, where the bruise bloomed. He can still feel the impact, the splinters stinging his spine. Soon, Dean’s tattoo will cover the echo. On the floor is Castiel’s Catacombs, photos sifted through but ultimately left in the box. Right in front, as if genuflecting the memories, is Castiel’s name. Dean runs his finger along the ridges. Castiel was here. Dean bites his lip. That’s not what he’s looking for. He knows that much.
”Give me the damn phone,” Dean growls, reaching across the table. But Charlie stands up.
At the end of the street, there's a stop sign with someone waiting at it. The closer Dean gets, the more he stares.
Dean stands, his whole body aching in a new way. He goes back to the table, a large roast turkey waiting for him in the middle. The head of the table is empty, John's already left.
Sam swallows.
”Shut up.”
”When I was thirteen, I met Samandriel.” He turns over the first photograph: a boy just starting on the race through puberty, with a chipper grin across his face and not a single hair on his head. He’s in a red and white striped shirt with a nametag that says Alfie. “We had known each other since we were very young; our mothers went to church together. But it wasn’t until we were both in the hospital at the same time that we really got acquainted.
A long moment of tongue-biting and pen tapping leave him almost satisfied. The paper in front of him is covered in smears. He reads it over, crossing out a line in the middle, moving a couple of stanzas around. When he finishes, he stops and looks over to the window, where a harsh gush of wind is rattling the glass. Heavy clouds outside coat the sky in a blanket of white and grey. Castiel wants to wrap himself up in them. He drops his gaze back down to what he's written:
Sam brushes his hair three times before opening his closet door. He wipes his hands on his boxers, leaving a dark smudge of sweat.
What to do when the soldier is losing?
“Castiel! Castiel deserves life more than you! You’re throwing yours away while he’s--”
”Cas.”
”Fuck,” Dean mutters.
“Not do what?”
“Wait,” Sam turns to the friends and Ash struggles to get his shoes on. “Didn't you drive here?” Jo shakes her head.
"Shit." Dean hangs up. "I gotta get home, Cas." Cas' face falls.
Dean is going to burn a hole in the damn carpet. He knows it, and he knows the look Sam is giving him over the top of his glasses. But he can’t stop. He shuffles to the door, wishing he could see through the wood so he’d know exactly when Cas pulls up. Then he kicks himself because that’s a stupid thought, he’s being stupid, this is stupid.
Dean's phone rings out, loud and ripping against the quiet.
There is a small bird at the foot of a tree near the back gate, lying still. Castiel covers it in flowers. Thunder rolls through the clouds above him. A shiver runs through Castiel, so he buttons his coat with shaking fingers. He tries to scoop a few leaves out of the fountain, but his hands ache with cold.
“The bank scene? With his girlfriend? I always thought so.” The man agrees, nodding. “Wait, Castiel. Like the angel? Tight, man. I’m Ru. Well, Rupert, but everyone calls me Ru.”
She leans into his shoulder. He wishes the moment could last forever. Unfortunately, it only takes another moment before all hell breaks loose.
"We've gotta got him out before Dad finds him!" Sam exclaims. Dean rubs his chest and gives his brother a look.
"Unless I am mistaken, we just went over this. I was," Cas sighs, "spending time by myself."
“Is that Ellen?” Sam asks, squinting.
"Shit," Dean raises his eyebrows, "is that legal?"
“I do not know,” Cas admits. “I do not know.”
"Wait."
"I know I am amazing and you can thank me properly when you get here, but you are still on call, so …"
Judging by her less than enthusiastic expression, Charlie is not faring any better.
The days flew by and he wondered if it was the boy he had loved, who was cruel or if it was his own mind that had played tricks on him.
"Great," Dean smiles, "can I get you anything else?"
Dean may be hesitant, but Cas is not. Not anymore.
He was young and free and relieved and alive and himself, finally himself and when Dean looked up at the stars that shone down upon him, he felt like everything was going to be okay.
The universe was on his side and he could not believe how he ever got so lucky.
And he would be, if it weren’t for the inexplicable pull, drawing Cas towards him.
A chuckle escapes Dean, before he can stop it and he finally looks up from his hands.
"I don't mean to make you uncomfortable."
"Hey Constantine," he calls out and lets himself fall on the couch next to Castiel, who startles and stares at him with wide eyes.
Right now, he would much rather be at home, sprawled out across the couch in front of the TV, watching horror movie after horror movie, while stuffing his face with pizza and Sam's Halloween candy.
Their eyes meet and not for the first time Cas is enraptured by the beauty of the man in front of him and the way he lays bare his vulnerability without fear, just by looking at Cas.
Dean shakes his head a little, forcing his thoughts away from whatever the hell that was he just thought, and plasters a lazy smile on his face.
Cas moves out of instinct.
He could always ask, he decides.
"In my hand I hold a bag with all of your names in it. Now before I hand you one randomely chosen paper with the name of the person whose Secret Santa you are, there are a few more information you need: It's up to you when and how you give your gift as long as you don't reveal yourself in doing so. The only rule is that you have to give something personal. Give something from the heart. It doesn't have to be handmade or anything, but it should be meaningful in some way. Now it's you choice whether you want to reveal who you are on Christmas Day or if you keep it secret as long as everyone gets their present."
Charlie shakes her head apologetically.
And suddenly he knows exactly what he's going to give Cas.
"What happened?," Dean chuckles humorlessly, "You know what happened, it was your idea after all."
Dean's eyes widen comically as he scans Cas for injuries.
“Well I guess you would know,” Dean says when he’s finally caught his breath and Cas’ heart skips a beat.
Damn it. This is not about his feelings. This is about him apparently being such an asshole that his best friend believes him incapable of having in depth conversations without blowing up. He takes a deep breath, trying to keep his emotions at bay that are already on the way of becoming a raging thunderstorm in his mind. He forces another smile onto his face.
That's nothing personal though, nothing that comes from the heart.
However, he tries not to dwell on it as he prepares his living room for his guests.
He licks his lips and is about to say whatever his empty excuse of a brain is able to come up with, when Cas loses balance and face-plants into his lap.
Cas smiles. Knowing how much these news mean to her, he could not be mad at her for cancelling if he wanted.
Cas waves him off. Now that the shock has passed and he has Dean by his side, he feels a lot better.
"Because I kinda really like you too."
Now it's Cas' turn to shrug, running a hand through his hair.
Dean shoots him a grin.
"It would be great if you could not file a restraining order against me," he said, only half joking.
He shrugs as if it's no big deal, but Dean knows how hard it is to loose a parent, so he grabs Cas' hand sandwiching it between his own and holds onto them.
He throws an epic bitch face in their direction and rushes off.
Under normal circumstances, Cas would love literature class, but with Dean in his immediate proximity, he has no chance to concentrate.
"She's the best," he can't help the pride slipping into his words as he looks his best friend who is giving out papers to her employees, "The queen of a kingdom she created herself."
The snow crunches heavier under their boots on the way back, cold hitting Cas' ankles and melting on contact with his skin. His nose is stuffed, and he has to keep sniffling every minute or so. He wraps his coat up tighter. The snow is deep enough for them to leave footprints, telling a story that will soon be erased by the storm.
"What are you doing, Dean?" Sam accuses. "What the hell are you doing?"
Dean stands up, stretching, and downing the rest of the bottle all at once. He sways on his feet.
”You--” Dean tires for a better insult, and blanks. “You’re a cretin.”
The boy in the trenchcoat turns his attention to the rain-streaked window next to the door. A war rages just beyond the confines of the room, lightning burning up the sky as if it's a mid-summer morning, followed almost immediately by a rumble of thunder that Castiel can feel in his chest only because he's waiting for it. It isn't long before he's turned back to face the classroom. His throat feels thick again. Castiel swallows it down, squeezing his eyes shut. When they open, his eyes find Dean like he's the beacon on a lighthouse. It unsettles Castiel, making him grind his teeth down and look anywhere else in the room. There's a poster on the wall of a feline clinging to a tree branch, asking in bright blue letters
Sitting in the front seat of the cas, Castiel feels the music vibrating right into his chest. His flowers are sitting in his lap. Dean holds the steering wheel with one hand, the other turns down the music until Cas can barely hear it. Cas coughs again, and takes a couple puffs of his inhaler. He feels, perhaps for the first time all day, like he can breathe.
“Uh, you don't get out much, do you?” Dean asks, in lieu of an answer. He takes a minute to think it over. "Those kids were talking about getting high, dude. Y'know, smoking. Weed, stuff like that." He chuckles. "You're like a big baby in a trenchcoat, aren't you?" Castiel's face heats.
“You know,” He says, “It looks like Eden could use some cleaning up. I don’t know a lot about gardening, but I can sweep up for you.” Adra blinks at him.
”I do admit,” Castiel squirms a little, “That is is much more enjoyable with you here.” Cas shifts around to get more comfortable, moving his hips
Only when Castiel is sufficiently warmed and no longer crying does she step back. Her tie is askew and her shoulder has a large wet spot on it. She looks at it and grimaces.
The stairs creak more than Dean remembers them creaking. At the top of the stairs, Charlie makes a sharp left to get to her room. Dean follows close behind.
"No, that's really it."
“Yes,” he says. Then amends, “Nothing, um. Penetrative.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Jo and Ash yak on, and Castiel, taking bites of cake, only looks at Dean. Something inside him quivers, like it’s waiting for something. Cas tries to take a deep breath, but his inhale is sharp. Dean’s eyes snap up to his.
"She'll be here after we eat," Sam says, shaking the salad bowl in front of Dean, "so get to it!"
Dean reaches out for the photos. Cas hesitates before handing them over. But Dean puts them down next to the first photo with the same amount of care. Cas feels his lungs shake. He takes out three more photos, the last three. Each one is heavier than the last in his hands. His chest feels the weight of both his words and his silence, now. This last story is begging to be told.
”What the hell, Dean? You sure know how to pick ‘em.”
“Me neither,” Sam whispers back, “But at least he came.”
Charlie’s next hit feels like it happens in slow motion. Her arm goes down as Dean sticks his leg out, hooking it around the elf’s ankle. He goes down with a heavy thud, sprawling. Dean uses it to spin himself up onto his feet. His back twinges. The elf laughs, holding out a hand.
”I am--”
Dean grins. Using up the last of the detergent, Dean dumps the dirty clothes into the washer.
There's a soft knock on the door.
stares at him harder than the book. His thumb hovers over the call button. He hears Bobby shouting from back in the kitchen, some empty threat or another. Dean hits 'call'.
Castiel is eternally grateful for the broken heater, filling the small trailer to the brim with warm, dry air. The boys hang their coats up by the front door, Castiel feeling shockingly bare without his long trenchcoat to cover him. Sam is busy putting a carton of eggnog back into the fridge. He stiffens when he sees Dean, but says nothing. Cas takes a look around the house, the scent of smoke lingering heavily. There's a black spot in the corner of the living room where the tree stood only an hour earlier.
There’s a longstanding Winchester-Harvelle tradition that starts after school on anyone’s birthday. Everyone crowds around in the Winchester’s tiny kitchen, with the birthday kid sitting at the head of the table. This year, Cas tagged along, too. Ellen carries in a small, homemade cake and sets it down in front of Dean. Jo punches him in the shoulder.
”Who are your other flowers from?” Jo asks eagerly.
“Hello, Dean,” Adra says, a little distracted. In the kitchen, there’s strips of thin blue tape around the corners between wall and ceiling, and sheets of plastic laid down over the tile floor, “Pardon the mess. I am redecorating.” Dean huffs a little laugh.
The air in the classroom is warm. Castiel is pretty sure the heater broke. If only he were better with his hands, he would offer to fix it himself.
The bed creaks when Dean flops down on it. Cas follows suit, gentler. Dean wiggles around on the mattress for a moment before tucking one arm under his head and facing Castiel.
One of Dean’s classmates gives him a sobering look, and Dean knows they’re noticing the yellowing bruise on his cheek, the scrapes on his knuckles.
“Yeah, Sam,” Brady says, his voice far away, “Yeah, we can do that.”
To Cas’ surprise, he laughs. It echoes through the bathroom, and his chest.
She turns to Dean. “I’ve gotta go.” The look in her eyes says
Dean tosses the used condom out the window as he leaves the neighborhood. Some stray dog goes up and sniffs it, before whining and lifting his leg.
Dean kisses down Cas’ arm, teeth grazing at the forget-me-nots, then licks a stripe up to the spot on Cas’ neck he stopped at before. He goes to town, licking and sucking at Castiel’s skin.
“Wait,” Cas mutters as Dean gnaws at a sweet spot right where Cas’ shoulder meets his neck. Dean retracts obediently and Cas pulls off his shirt.
“It's fine,” Castiel replies, his voice gravelly. To Dean, it sounds like the guy has no emotions. “As long as you're willing to work diligently now that you're here.”
“How was book club?” Dean tries to make some small talk, but they both know it won't happen.
”Would you like to make your speech now or later?”
"Very well!" She chuckles. Her head appears around the wall separating the kitchen and the sitting room. Her hair falls over her shoulder in a loose braid. Only the ghost of a smile rests on her face, now. "I'm off to work." Castiel turns to her and gives her a nod. "I should be back around midnight." And then she's gone.
Dean’s hand is on Cas’ shoulder again, steady and so very warm.
A buzz in Dean’s pocket.
”Would you rather do Zachary Quinto or Natalie Dormer? Lesbianism notwithstanding.” Dean asks, staring up at the ceiling. Charlie’s tucked her head into Dean’s neck. Her hair tickles.
Dean stops at the base of a tree with bright blue lights.
"Yeah, I'm still here Mrs. Novak." Dean sits up a little straighter.
“Hey, Miss Novak,” Dean says. Stepping into the foyer is surreal. He expects himself to be angry, his throat to constrict and burn, the way it did at Bobby’s house. Wanting to smash everything in his sight. But he doesn’t. Instead, his footsteps echo down the hall. The door to the TV room is ajar, but it’s drowned in shadow and uninviting. The hallway to the kitchen looms above him. The walls go up forever. Dean swallows, his chest tight but not in anger.
”You remember that, doncha?” Charlie asks, wrapping her arms around his shoulders.
First, I decided to have them do oral sex only because I resent the ideas that are so prevalent in US culture as well as in fanfiction, that penetrative sex is the only "real" sex, and that the other stuff is only warm-up. So, blowjobs it is. Not that either of them are complaining.
Dean snorts. “Yeah, I know some people like that.” He thinks of Ash fondly.
I could track tumblr tags if anyone would be interested? My tumblr url is dragongem! Shoot me a message or somefin.
”Can you open your mouth, at least?” This, Castiel can do. He draws himself, sluggish and salty, out of his head. He opens his lips just enough, and then there’s metal clacking against his teeth and something delicious-salty-sweet sliding down his throat. He swallows.
The church melts into applause. A woman in the front row wipes her eyes. Sam watches Castiel practically melt back into his seat, as if something big and heavy has been washed from him. Sam wonders who it is he’s texting, the next time Cas pulls out his phone.
Sam's glasses, he realises quickly, are fogging up around the edges. He really doesn't care, he just wants to kiss her again. She grabs his hand, squeezing. His hand buzzes at the contact.
"Jake's Jewish."
“Yeah. Thanks, Dad,” Dean says. He fiddles with his ring. John looks like he wants to say something, but doesn’t.
“I decided to get a head start on research for our project.” Research on what, he doesn't say. Dean doesn't bother to ask. With a huff, Dean flips to the first page. His eyes don't stay on it for long. Instead, he looks around and quietly checks out the much-more-interesting librarian walking by. He smirks, before realizing
Dean sighs. "Your friend Jake doesn't."
And then Cas sighs. “Very well. If you would like to take the bed, I would be happy to--”
”Oh, dude, I totally forgot to ask, how did your appointment go?” Dean asks, kicking himself for not remembering sooner.
"Of course." Castiel answers without thinking about it. With a grateful huff, Sam strips off the offending sweater and hands it to Cas. Cas looks around for a minute before heading in to the closest bedroom, Dean's. The walls are covered in posters and the floor is covered in junk. Cas even forgets how badly he smells of tobacco when he sniffs, his nose assaulted with the scent of cheap beer and rotting food.
"Sure, but when I win you gotta, um, clean my room for a week!"
”This passage,” he starts, eyeing the very small crowd of people that have shown up today, “is about love. It is not about loving your neighbor even if they’re different from you; it is about loving your neighbor
”I must say, my mother’s recipe has never tasted quite as satisfying before.”
"Really, a beer on New year's Eve I can forgive, it's not like you haven't done
Dean goes very, very still. He heard Cas this time, it was impossible not to: every other sound, the traffic, the children, the wind, all faded, leaving Dean with only the gravel of Cas’ voice in his ears.
"I do not sleep very often."
"You hate cooking."
Charlie comes back in a minute later with the smuggest grin on her face, and hands Dean his phone.
“Why?” Sam asks.
“Jo?” Cas asks, cocking his head to the side. Of course, if Ellen was here, Jo couldn’t be far behind. Cas can’t remember a time he’d seen Ellen in anything but jeans and an old flannel, so this must mean... Of course. Cas gasps when he realizes. “This is her piano recital.” He says.
"Shit," he mumbles, "Sorry, I--"
He puts his phone in his lap at the same time he flips open his book. The chapter starts with a letter from Frankenstein's father wishing the scientist well. After a few paragraphs, Dean scoops up his phone and gets as far as
Dean’s kiss melts the itch away.
"Sorry, Cas, I'm not--" he gestures vaguely in front of him. "M'not all here tonight."
"What? What for?"
“Hey,” Dean says. Expectant faces stare at him. Charlie gives him a thumbs up. Adra nods, a fraction of a thing, “When I was a kid,” Dean starts, and the words spill from him. He doesn’t think, just lets them go, “My mom died suddenly. I didn’t remember her really well, and I was always afraid to ask. I didn’t know her favorite color, or her favorite song, and for a while I didn’t know her birthday. I couldn’t ask her about it, so I didn’t ask anyone else. ‘Cause that would be like proof that she was gone, you know?” Dean thumbs at his ring. He squeezes it, “Castiel… Cas isn’t like that. He wouldn’t want to disappear like that. He’d want you all to know that he loved cheeseburgers, and gardening, and he thought Star Wars was overrated. He hated people who talked when they didn’t have to,” Dean grins in spite of himself, “And he was amazing. And he was ordinary. Castiel was… here,” Dean settles on the word finally, pointing to his chest, “And he was here.” He gestures out, to the church, to the sunlight streaming through the windows in broken chunks, to the people listening in the pews. Castiel is dead. But Castiel was here. “Thank you.” Dean says, and steps down.
”Fuck,” he curses, wiping his now numb tongue with his napkin.
“What the fuck?”
Dean sits down at the table, putting his feet up. Even the bare table is warmer than the floor.
”They say that it only took a single day, perhaps even a single instant, for the angel to realize he wanted to stay. Down here on Earth, there was so much more. If there was one thing that most angels did not understand, it was humanity. But this angel, he was different. Down on Earth, he saw so many beautiful things: he saw color, and life, and poetry. Everything the angel did not know that he wanted, until it was there in front of him.
Sam remembers. The inside of the church seems untouched by the drab, freezing world outside: the ceilings are high and made of archways. Angels kneeling around the altar shine yellow in the artificial light. Candles flicker in the corners. Above the altar is a man in red sitting on a cloud. Something in his stare makes Sam feel very, very small. Beneath the altar, Pastor Jim is kneeling, his head bowed in prayer. Sam feels something rise in his throat.
”What d’you say we get some shut eye, huh?” Dean offers. Cas bristles, sitting up straighter.
Jess joins the group a minute later, her sweatshirt tied around her waist and a big red X taped over the inside of her elbow.
“What? Who the hell are you talking about?”
. His mouth flies open in a wordless cough, shoving past Dean to gag into the sink. He feels that same darkness pounding, waiting, right behind his eyes.
"Whatever, I'll be back." Dean huffs, creeping back into his room. He doesn't notice the cold until he's far away from Cas. His floor is continuously littered with dirty clothes, so he just grabs the first two socks he can find and puts them on. The left sock is threadbare and he can feel the cold latching onto his toes. He puts another sock over it.
The storm is at it's peak when Dean rolls up Castiel's driveway. Adra's car is missing, so Castiel can only hope she left the door unlocked. The brothers give him a look as he dashes up the three front steps. Thankfully, the door is unlocked.
He types, then deletes it.
Dean grabs at one of Cas’ arms, tries to tug down, but Cas holds firm.
” Castiel reads.
”I slept yesterday.” Cas defends.
A car drives by, lighting up the street in front of the house for a lingering moment. Then it fades, and they are left in darkness. Another cool wind wafts by.  Sam shivers. He looks up meekly at Castiel.
Cas reconvenes with his group, and grabs for Dean’s hand. They collected Jo and presented her with two different bouquets while Cas was gone. Her eyes are shining.
”I know I’m not as pretty as you, but didn’t your mother ever teach you that staring’s rude?” Dean asks, looking Cas up and down. Cas forgets how to breathe. If he ever really knew how. “That uh,” Dean points to the sharp line running across Cas’ right hip. “what’s that from?” Cas runs his finger across the scar again, wanting very much for it to be Dean’s hand instead.
"And that's you, Cas." Dean points at Cas' reflection in the mirror. Dean stands a good few inches taller than Cas. Even without his coat, Castiel looks very small next to him. Cas studies his face in Dean's mirror: his eyes are heavy, but his skin looks bright in a way he hasn't seen it in a long time. Something inside him loosens.
Dean laughs anyway. It's nearly two in the morning by then. Dean is about to shoot Cas a message saying he's really got to get to sleep, when a poem shows up in his inbox. Something about raindrops and spiders and other pretty words he can't quite process any more. He hits send anyway, hoping Cas isn't up too much later than him. He doesn't want to leave the kid alone. But his eyes shut of their own accord, and he's asleep before he sees a reply.
Shouting. Loud voices. Ringing eardrums.
Dean scrambles to pick his phone back up when it buzzes a minute later.
”You want me to go so bad, Sammy, you can drive,” Dean says, laughing through another bite. He just misses a glob of dish soap landing on his plate.
There's a struggle, with Rummy not wanting to let go of the paper towels and Bobby trying to keep his muddy paws off the old lore books. But eventually, Rummy's teeth unclamp and he whines.
When they get up to leave, Cas gives him a long hug. He’s warmer than usual, or maybe that’s just Dean.
“Ah, fuck, Dean!” The brunette tangles her fingers through his hair as he thrust his hips forward. He bites down on his bottom lip, feeling the familiar clench in his lower stomach; he's close. He digs his nails into her shoulder and his hips arch up of their own accord. He thrusts back again, and she lets out a whine, forcing their lips together messily. Her hands is between her legs, rubbing herself jerkily, muttering his name into his shoulder. He comes hard with a shudder through his spine, and she follows soon after.
. Dean thinks anything ‘D Novak’ sounds like it belongs in his mouth. Not that he’d tell Sam that in a million years.
Dean clears his throat. He stares at his fingers squeezing the glass. He had this conversation with Cas before, but it always left Cas miffed and quiet, turning away from Dean and not wanting to talk about it any more.
"I'm just saying, Mom," Jo sighs, "Going into the police academy could be good for me."
The last thing he sees before he drops down is Castiel with light pouring in around him, taking a puff of his inhaler. His hands are red, his face shiny and wet.
He has to rack his brain for a long minute before he realizes who it is that's texting him.
Sam glances out the door at his brother and Cas, both sitting on the couch together, not saying a word.
“Of course,” Cas says, ducking into the classroom just as the late bell rings. He takes his seat near the door, glancing through the glass to see Dean sauntering down the hall like he has all the time in the world. Cas swears he stops to smile at him before turning and walking away.
"Damn thing's almost out of juice. C'mere, we can light 'em together." And Dean, impossibly, gets closer, enough for the ends of their cigarettes to touch. He flicks the lighter a few more times, until the cigarettes are smoldering. Their chests nearly bump together when Dean inhales.
”How did you get involved?” Cas perks up.
Bobby is busying himself over the stove, dashing seasoning after seasoning into the soup without bothering to stop for a taste. Dean shifts on his feet, crossing and uncrossing his arms across his chest. His hands start to shake again.
"Asshole." Sam wipes his hands on his jeans before offering it to his friend.
"I am fine, Dean." Cas insists, his tongue tasting heavily like salt. "This is normal."
Before Cas lies down, before he cans top himself, he leans over and presses his lips to the middle of Dean’s forehead. In his sleep, Dean smiles. When Cas pulls away, he feels like his lips are burning in the very best way.
“Victor promised his creation a companion here, see, after the creation told him his story and asked for a partner to love. Now, Victor I believe, represents God and His relationships to people, or at least, what happens when man tries to become God. What Victor really needs to do is love his creation, not create a wife for him who's equally as terrifying. Ergo, what God needs to do is love his people.”
Cas nods.
Sam's room is always ten times cleaner than Dean's, with books stacked neatly in the corners, and everything on his desk set up in rows. Sam himself is sitting cross-legged on his bed, a library book splayed out on his lap. His hands are shaking. He dog-ears his page and closes it when Dean strides in. Dean leans on the wall, running his fingers through his hair. Not for the first time, he doesn't know what to say.
Trigger warnings contain spoilers, please see end notes.
“Shut up!" Sam sticks his tongue out. "She's tall, and really nice, and she likes animals. Oh! And she likes art, I've seen her name on a lot of the stuff outside the art room.” He answers more confidently. Dean stares at him for a minute before laughing.
Also fun fact, this is my first time writing a sex scene! ;)
John doesn't reply. He merely brushes past Bobby and slams himself down at the head of the table. Dean follows him silently.
Dean says nothing. So, Sam keeps talking.
Dean’s day starts with Gabe clawing holes in his favorite t-shirt, and Sam handing him a plate stacked with three slices of French toast. In the middle of his third slice, Dean feels a warm hand clamp down on his shoulder. He almost chokes.
"What the hell happened?" It's Sam's voice. There's some spluttering followed by the smooth
Castiel stares.
“He leads me beside quiet waters, he refreshes my soul. He guides me along the righteous paths for his namesake. Even though I walk through the valley of the shadow of death, I will fear no evil, for thou are with me. Your rod and your staff, they comfort me. You prepare a table before me and in the presence of my enemies. You anoint my head with oil; my cup overflows. Surely your goodness and love with follow me all the days of my life, and I will dwell in the house of the Lord forever.”
“I would hum Sammy to sleep,” Dean says, looking back to the house through the trees, “And y’know, it kept everything else away.”
He opens the door to the sharp, cool air running across his skin; goosebumps pop up in a line down his arm. Jess is standing in the doorway, her curly hair kept back under a loose knit cap. Her cheeks are pink from the cold and she's grinning at him with all her off-white teeth. The cold bleeds into the foyer; Jess kicks the door shut. She shuffles in to the front room, setting a Santa-paper wrapped gift down next to all the shoes.
EDITED 30.5.2014
Sam stumbles out of is bedroom, his hair sticking up at every angle, squinting.
They keep driving. Adra guns it through three yellow lights. The world blurs outside, green and brown into grey. Dean’s heart pounds in his chest. He steals glances over to Jo, who’s bouncing her leg. Ash is staring out the window, twirling a strand of his mullet around his finger. Dean thinks about texting Charlie. None of them say a word.
My next thoughts are about the sex in this chapter, so feel free to skip this if it's not a topic you're comfortable with.
He rolls the flower stems around in his hand. The pink one is from Jo: he recognizes her sharp handwriting on the outside of the card.
"There's got to be some kind of health code violation against being outside when it's so cold," Brady is griping to Sam on the way to their next class.
At the front of the room, Mrs. Leonard is standing on a chair, hitting the overhead projector with a ruler in an attempt to make it start working again.
”Dean,” she turns to him, talking through a mouthful of smoke. “You’re going home soon, right?”
"Very well."
There aren’t as many people today as there were at Cas’ wake. Charlie showed up around midnight the night before, rousing Dean from a fitful sleep. She called his phone until he woke, and proceeded to curl around him like a vine until he fell asleep. She’s squeezed between Dean and Jo now, clutching a box of tissues and pressing shoulders with Jo. Tissues pile at Jo’s feet. Her nose is irritated, red. She never looks at the coffin for too long.
Warnings: minor recreational drug use (marijuana), non-explicit sexual situation
The battle takes the better part of an hour to finish. Sir Dean, after being revived by Gilda’s fairy magic, is used as witness to the signing of a treaty between Moondoor and the Dark Forest. He watches Queen Charlie scrawl her name at the bottom of the parchment, in the name of Moondoor. As soon as the treaty is signed, someone blows a horn and shouts
he sees on John so, so often.
"Why the
Cas screws up his expression and curses, more to himself than anything else.
"Surprise me, then."
”Oh, dude, Ash,” Jo interrupts, crunching on a chip. “Did I tell you what we talked about in Law today? Fucking moose. Meese? Mooses? Yeah, anyway, this couple from New Hampshire was charged after chasing down a moose and getting attacked.”
"I'm just trying to help," John defends sloppily.
”Tell me a story.”
"Yes. Yes, thank you."
”Cas is so dreamy.” Okay, that’s enough. Dean grabs his phone back, leaving it face up on the table.
“Yes,” she strains the
"Uh," he stammers, scratching his head. He picks at a hole in his knee. There's the slamming of doors coming from the other side of the house. "How's Castiel doing?" And the dam breaks. "I mean, he's doing alright, right? I know I saw him for a week, but still, a guy's gotta wonder. Oh, but don't worry, I'm getting all his work together, and I--"
The air around Cas becomes very cold very quickly. Dean slides away from Cas to say hi to his brother. Sam and Jess come inside, both pink from the cold.
Castiel looks at Sam, who busts out laughing. Castiel chuckles, then leans down to put his cup back on the floor. The world spins. Sam’s laughter is suddenly far away. The android yells on screen, or maybe it’s the young man, or maybe it’s Castiel. Black dots freckle his vision. Sam’s laughter cuts off, and then there is Cas’ name, over and over, the end of a prayer just before the amen.
Sam heaves a shaky breath. He presses himself hard into Castiel once more.
“Alright, everyone." Ms. Nisbet says once everyone settles down. "We're starting a new unit. Who's ever heard of Frankenstein?” A few hands in the room go up. Dean sits up a little straighter: that's the book Sam had been talking about in the car this morning. Now, Dean had seen he old black-and-white flick a few summers back, very creepy-cool. Of course, Sam just had to tell him everything that was wrong with it, spoil-sport.
"No, I mean what're you doin' here? I thought I told you, if you're gonna drink, don't bother comin' over."
“How are you, Adra?” Dean asks, unable to stop himself. He takes a big swallow of water while he waits for her to scowl, or yell, or simply ignore his question. But she doesn’t. She scratches Gabe for a moment longer, and looks back to Dean with peaked eyebrows and a trembling lip.
"So, uh, you know why he couldn't come tonight?"
we are going to watch
"There's a first time for everything." Castiel supposes, taking a long drag.
Dean reaches Cas’ elbow and plants a wet smack in the ditch before sliding over to Cas’ other shoulder. Different flowers. This one itched like hell, and Castiel had fought off the urge to scratch for the last three days. Deep pink flowers, with a million ridged petals all crushed up against each other.
Cas tucks his new journal into the pocket of his coat. Dean leans back into the couch, not realizing that he had moved so close to Cas.
Cas shuts his eyes again, and heaves a sigh that makes him feel much, much heavier than before.
Ice's whistle screeches through the nearly empty gym floor.
”I’m making conversation with the customers! That’s allowed!”
While the next pair sets up, Dean fishes his phone out of his pocket.
The moment Castiel kicks the front door shut, he hears the radio blaring from the car as it drives away. He leaves his shoes by the front door, next to a pair of shiny black heels.
There’s a test in his English class, and he’s surprised when he breezes through it. All those metaphors Cas talked him through, he’s sure. Both him and Cas finish their tests early, so they spend the rest of the time passing notes in the journal Dean gave him for Christmas. Dean is real tempted to flip back and look through the other pages Cas has written in, but he doesn’t. Cas would show him if it were important enough. They fill up a good two pages with their conversation, including a stick-figure Castiel from Dean.
Never an angry one.
Jess is already inside, waving him over to a seat at the back of the room.
”Didn’t take long for the battle to best you, did it?” The elf asks, scooting aside to give Dean a seat.
"Yeah." Mrs. Leonard tut-tuts, thinking for a minute.
is written across it in a curling script, each word slightly more faded than the last.
"He caught the flu or something," Brady answers, dropping his bags. "Got it from his sister. I swear, the whole Talley family could still catch the Black Plague." Brady rubs the back of his neck with his gloved hand.
Sam wants to shout until he's blue in the face but he can't.
Castiel is sure of one thing: Dean Winchester is going to kill him. Not the way his lungs are going to kill him, but the way Cas loses his breath whenever Dean steals a kiss is definitely, definitely doing something.
Which was quite often, because Cas simply could not stop staring, his eyes drawn to the man by something he could neither name nor explain.
But one quick glance can't hurt, right?
Dean knows it as good as any other soldier, yet he sits on the ground reaching for something, looking like a lost little boy rather than the man he's forced to be.
"Sam informed me about the custom to play practical jokes on one another on 1 April. Even though I now know that this is a quite common tradition, I assure you that I was unaware of it. Please, Dean, I didn't know."
It's the last night of the year and his heart leaps at the prospect of new beginnings.
"I am studying journalism. I always wanted to do that. I just feel like it's what I am meant to do.
He is close to Castiel. Cas can feel Dean's tears on his face and he cries and cries and Cas thinks it might be the little boy on the battlefield who is speaking now, but he isn't sure.
When he finally spots Jo and Ash sitting outside, the relief flooding him is almost embarrassing.
"I really needed that."
"Hey Cas!"
Once again, Cas finds himself staring at the man in awe.
There were people who embarrassed themselves in front of their crushes, because they were nervous and then there was Dean Winchester who embarrassed himself in front of the most gorgeous man on the face of the earth by breaking into his home and forcing him to witness a striptease in the middle of the night.
Charlie was wrong.
"I mean it. You have an astonishing physique."
She winks at him, making him blush even harder and he feels entirely too hot right now.
And Cas can see the mask fall.
On the bright side the bartender - who turned out to be a good friend of Charlie as well - complimented Cas for his armor and smiled at him whenever their eyes met across the room over the course of an evening.
Dean sniffles, pulling him even closer, while Cas rubs soothing circles on his scalp and back.
A wave of noise and hot air hits him when he walks into the living room and even though he arrived fairly early, there are people everywhere.
It's not a choice being made for him.
This one minute is all you got on the battlefield.
Cas is saying Dean's words back to him, but they both know that the truth in those words is fragile like glass.
Before Charlie could even try to object he dropped the farce - and the laminated paper sheet, and let out a long-suffering sigh.
Cas hangs up just in time to realize the burnt smell hanging in the air.
They watch her retreating figure until Dean rubs his palms together and shots Cas a sideways glance.
The rest of the performances are wonderful. One man sings a solo from a French opera that Castiel saw one time in France. This man did a much better job than the scrawny white man they’d chosen for the part. Cas spots him in the crowd while they’re waiting for Jo, and tells him such.
He stops shaking by the time he's gotten his books into his backpack.
”Damn it.” He curses out loud. “It’s just Cas,” he tries to tell himself. He makes a face in the mirror.
“Hey, Dean?” Sam asks. Dean stops just before the bathroom and grunts, “Uh, Jess and maybe Brady, Jake, and Kevin are coming over after school.” Dean shuts his eyes and grunts again.
At the table, he slides the chair out for Cas.
“I’m not finished, Dean,” Castiel chides, and Dean almost laughs at how Castiel it is, but doesn’t. He squeezes Cas’ hand in apology, “God does not give us what we understand, but He gives us what we need,” Castiel coughs, “My… grace is fading, Dean. But it’s going out in a blaze of glory. That’s the thing, Dean,” Castiel shakes his head, “That’s the thing about life.” Castiel laughs. He laughs, and with a still surprising strength he pulls Dean close to him. When his breathing shallows, he is ready. Dean isn’t.
“'Course I will,” Dean scoffs. The boy continues to stare at him. It makes Dean wonder if he wants to say something else. But, whatever. He checks the clock again, “But, I've gotta be out of here in like, ten minutes.” Castiel's gaze hardens to what Dean thinks is a glare.
It’s Thursday when it happens. Dean chews the end of his pen. One of the Frankenstein groups drones on up front. Dean is long past giving a damn about whatever he’s supposed to be doing. He shoots looks at Jo, who’s about as lost as he is. He hates this. At least after Trig he can skip out and call the hospital, call Castiel. But English is an hour-and-a-half long nightmare. At the ICU on Sunday night, Adra had insisted Dean get to school, at least go through the motions of normal. But this room, with Cas’ empty desk in front of him, is anything but normal.
As it turns out, Cas is not particularly good at either.
"Did Sam set you up to do this?," Dean asks, finally meeting Cas' eyes. He does not want to believe his little brother could be so cruel, but to his horror Cas nods, even though his expression is now guarded as well.
Cas worries his lip between his teeth and drums his fingers on the desk.
"Of course you do, I understand."
Maybe that's her really polite way of saying 'I saw you ogle my friend, try to be less creepy this time'?
It is unfair seeing how the  rest of them are sweaty messes.
"Hello Dean."
"So, Castiel, now that we know each other, what are you doing here? I am sure you got better things to do than sit around in a coffee shop all day and get your ear talked off by an intrusively curious barista."
Suddenly growing aware of the fact that not only had he broken into the apartment of his neighbor - who was decidedly to hot for his own good - but undressed himself in the process of walking into said neighbor's bedroom in the middle of the night which probably scared the other man to death, he started walking backwards.
He had dozed off in the middle of Charlie's passionate rant about a series he'd never heard off and woken up half an hour later, absolutely mortified and certain he'd be fired on the spot.
"Sam? You okay?," he asks cautiously.
"That's uhm ... that's good to know," he choked out, banging himself on the chest, trying to force the air back into his lungs.
"Please stay, if you like," Cas' voice was open and sincere and Dean has to pinch himself to make sure he wasn't dreaming, because this was just too good to be true.
"I promised Ellen to have her home by midnight, man," Ash manages to look miserable and terrified at the same time and because it's not Dean's ass on the line for a change, that makes him laugh even harder.
The sound makes him feel warm all over and he decides then and there that he wants to hear it as often as possible.
It would be a great way of striking up a conversation with Dean without seeming to eager.
Like a dog who doesn't know better.
He knows Cas is interested in mythology and poetry, but Dean has no clue about either one of these topics.
"This isn't right," are the first words out of his mouth and Cas' heart skips a beat as a rush of panic shoots through him.
They share another smile, before Cas becomes serious again.
When Charlie first introduced him to Castiel, Dean was so smitten he flat out dropped the books he was supposed to arrange on the display tables in favor of holding out his hand to Castiel.
Not when his heart was overflowing with happiness.
It's a good look on him, the happiness.
The walls were painted in warm earthy tones, there were even more books here and the couch was comfortable and equipped with soft pillows.
The door to the garden opens and people are streaming out, flooding the space, getting ready to watch the firework, but Dean doesn't break eye contact.
"Be right back," she calls over her shoulder, clearly pleased to have come up with a solution to their problem.
When Cas figured out that Dean was in love with him, his first instinct was talking to Sam, since Dean obviously cannot be trusted to act like an adult.
"Come on, Cas, hurry up! I wanna get out of here!"
"Do you want it to go or eat here?"
The knowing look on Rowena's face does nothing to ease his nerves, but when she places a - surprisingly cool -  hand on his arm, he still risks a glance in her direction.
If this is how the year begins, he cannot wait for what else it has in store.
Dean rubs the back of his neck and stares at his feet and Castiel needs a moment to fully understand the words he just heard.
Dean salutes her with a grin and she's gone as suddenly as came.
"Do I want presents?," Dean repeated, disbelieving like he'd never been asked that question before. For a short moment he looked at Cas with wide-eyed confusion as if he couldn't figure out why this of all things was the matter Cas focused on, before his expression closed off and he returned to his task of moving their dirty dishes from the sink to the washer, his grip on the plates so tight Cas feared the porcelain would shatter.
Correction: He sincerely hopes that Cas lives next door, because otherwise he's in for a real treat.
"As much as it pains me to leave you guys, I need to get ready for my date. You two have fun on yours."
Looking around, Dean realized that the room did look kinda unfamiliar.
"I agree," Charlie nodded, "but this is Dean we're talking about. If he doesn't want to tell you, he won't, and the more you push him, the more determined he will become to not say anything."
This was a train wreck. An unparalleled catastrophe.
Dean sighs.
"You're a lifesaver," she says as her arms come around him and it's only when Dean relaxes into her embrace that Cas realizes how tense the other man had been.
There’s no use in trying to determine that know, he thinks, forcing himself to focus on the situation unfolding in front of him.
"I appreciate your company and I think it would be rather unfortunate if you got lost," he declares and that seems to calm Dean's nerves a bit, because he nudges Cas' shoulder with his own and sends another lopsided smile his way.
Cas is half tempted to play cupid.
The thing about Charlie's best friend is, that he is hands down the most attractive human being on the planet - at least in Cas' humble opinion.
"Of course, take your pick. I don't think you're gonna get much company any time soon. The next rush usually doesn't come until the early afternoon, so you have the whole place to yourself."
"What did you hope for?" Dean asks, obviously refusing to let Cas off the hook. If possible he is even closer now. Their shoulders are touching and so are their hips and it makes Cas feel giddy and fearless, so for the first time in his life he says what his teenage-self swore to take to his grave.
"Let's go to the living room, I'll make us some tea and then you tell me how exactly you wound up in my apartment. That sound good?," Cas asked, already walking past him, confidence in his steps like the entire situation left him unbothered. Like welcoming drunk neighbors into his home in the middle of the night was something he did on a daily basis.
Actually, now that he thinks about it, he's going to kill her for this.
He knows that solution would not have made either of the girls happy, because Charlie loves her work almost as much as she loves Gilda and Gilda would never ask that of her, being in the very same situation.
He is going speak his mind.
"I am so sorry," he says and Charlie relaxes a little which in turn helps ease Cas' own worries.
Not only does she own her inner (and outer nerd) with every fiber of her being, she also owns every room she walks into.
Bottle after bottle is emptied, and candy wrappers pile up on the table.
much more sense now."
He is going to be realistic.
The fall air feels cool on his skin and is a welcome change to the heat inside the house, the unavoidable by-product of so many people sharing so little space.
"It's fine, Dean. I'm glad to be able to hear you."
The feeling can’t even be explained by attraction.
Dean’s shoulder shake with silent laughter as he presses their foreheads together.
Still, he finds himself sighing into her. She's smiling, a glittery smudge on her front two teeth.
“Yeah?”
Castiel does not respond, only rubs his eyes with the heel of his palms. Blue-green stars burst inside him.
The comments leaves Cas feeling warm in many places.
to see them bloom
"Listen up, ladies," Ice barks at the boys. "Today we'll be running the mile." A collective groan ripples across the crowd. The kid doing jumping jacks stops abruptly.
”Good to know,” Dean says, meaning it. He takes a sniff, but they just smell like regular old flowers to him. He sneezes.
). Dean nods along, asking questions occasionally, but most just letting Sam go off.
“You made it.” She says, smiling at all of them. It falters when she sees Cas, but she pulls him into a too-tight hug anyway. “Good to see you, kid. Jo’ll be thrilled too.”
It’s perfect timing when Ruby comes by with a tray of their food: a bacon cheeseburger for Dean, soup and salad for Charlie, and a large steak for Gilda. Ruby drops the tray off by the kitchen door, turns around, and slides right into the booth, next to Dean. She takes a couple of fries off of Dean’s plate and chomps on them.
”We don’t talk any more, thanks to Charlie,” Gilda speaks up, rubbing her thumb across Charlie’s hand tenderly.
Dean nods, thoughtful.
"I..." Sam starts, then stops. " I don't know," he admits. He feels himself shrinking under his brother's gaze. Dean's giving him a look akin to the
”Excellent job, there.” He says; his voice is deep. Taking his hand, Dean helps him back up. The elf’s hands are warm. Sir Dean forgets himself. “Good work.” The elf takes a sweeping bow and leads himself out to the infirmary tent.
The third and final photograph is turned over: two children, sitting on the front steps of a church, one boy and one girl. They both have dark hair and bright eyes. The girl, Hael, has a yellow jacket over her blue dress, and one leg in a cast. Castiel is, as always, in his trenchcoat, with a red hoodie underneath. His arm is in a sling and he has scabs down his cheek. A few drops of rain darken the church steps.
"What the fuck are you doing, John?" It's Bobby's voice.
"John never answers." Sam cuts in, scowling.
Dean drops his gaze back to Castiel. They’re both smiling.
“No, I meant meet her as my boyfriend.”
The locker room is already alive with chatter and the chocking stench of Axe body spray. Sam's eyes water when he first walks in. He rubs them until he sees colors behind his eyelids.
"This early in the morning?"
Dean feels Cas right behind him. His breath is warm and doing
Something is breaking in Castiel. His shaking becomes more violent, and a loud, wet sob erupts. Dean peppers kisses up the side of Cas’ head. He holds Castiel tighter.
“Excuse me?” A woman with a white coat and a clipboard comes up to them. Everything crashes back to Dean. “Would,” She looks down at the clipboard, “Casteel’s family care to get his things from the room?” Dean looks around at the group. This is Castiel’s family, as much as it is Dean’s.
"I am not sure yet."
”You can’t be serious.” February eighth, that’s the Moondoor tournament. “This is fantastic!” Dean springs up. He plants a kiss on Ellen’s temple before going around the table and kissing Jo and Sam on the forehead. He grabs both sides of Cas’ face and kisses him on the bottom of his nose, right next to his lips.
"She is working."
“I’m so sorry, Sam,” Cas says, finally, giving Sam’s shoulder a squeeze. “I am afraid so.”
Cas used to love Halloween. As a child, he would spend month with carefully choosing and preparing his costume, not minding his parents' exasperation and his siblings' teasing.
"But you already know that."
Dean gingerly sat on the couch, using the opportunity to let his gaze wander around Castiel's apartment.
He is lightheaded and excited, unable to believe that this is happening.
He sounds so delighted that Dean can't help but smile as well.
"Wait!," Cas says. His voice is too loud, bouncing off the walls of the empty hallway and Dean freezes immediately.
"Hate to say it, but I agree with super-nerd over here," Meg says, shooting a death glare to the useless ventilator beside her, whose meek effect is downright pathetic. "I don't think I'm able to survive this much longer."
A man who will soon be seated on Cas' couch.
The more Cas thinks about Dean, the more he wishes he were the mysterious writer.
Who does he think he is?
It's for the best if he saves face and goes home, preferably to not leave it until the next year.
The awkwardness is not entirely his fault, he tells himself.
He glances at the man through his fingers and is met with yet another unreadable look.
So instead of greeting the man like a normal human being would've, all Cas had done was look at him, awestruck by his kind eyes and bright smile, that had wavered under Cas' stare until it disappeared. Cas would probably have died from embarrassment, hadn't his brain been entirely preoccupied with processing the beauty in front of him.
"Listen, even if he's not happy about it, he will see how much effort you put into this and he is going to love you even more for it. This will be good, Cas, believe me."
She hangs up before Cas has time to answer and he shakes his head.
Dean searches the room for Meg and Balthazar, but they are nowhere to be seen.
Because the boy is Cas.
In the end, his curiosity gets the better of him and after one final look around, he flips onto the next page.
They have reached the elevator and Charlie pushes the button to summon it without even catching her breath.
The ticking of a clock fills his ears.
Cas did not know it was possible to be as embarrassed by himself as he is now.
"I can't believe I've been complaining this whole time and did not think of my best friend. He's a jack of all trades when it comes to handiwork, if someone can do it, it's him."
"Tell me about it," is all Dean hears before Ash drags a tipsy Jo through the door, who waves at him, completely unbothered by Ash's panic.
The act alone feels forbidden, like a massive invasion of privacy and he looks around guiltily as if anybody bearing witness could tell this notebook isn't his just from the way it lies in Cas' hands.
"Of course I did, silly. You would've spent the rest of your life swooning over Cas and never made a move."
Loves how they are gentle even though they have carried a weapon every single day for the past year.
It had been raining all day, forcing them to stay inside and after some discussion they had finally decided on watching TV.
"I have to admit, you don't suck, Winchester."
"It's still summer, you know. After this, it’s no more spontaneous trips, no more blowing me off for dates. Nothing like that. So, you sure about this?,” Dean continues and Cas decides he has officially lost track of the conversation.
Another head tilt.
Cas can tell by the set of his jaw and the way he's walking with his shoulders squared.
"Besides, I always hated the stove anyway … It was pretty useless, you know."
He watches Dean fall to his knees by his side.
He looks up and Dean is crying.
Since both people he'd usually hang out with at parties are busy courting their potential girlfriends, he scans the crowd for familiar faces to talk to.
"He would kill me if he knew I told you this, but I think it was pretty hard on him to get the cold shoulder from you, especially since you are my favorite coworker and I've told him a lot about you. To be honest, I kinda hoped you'd get along, since I was not exactly secretive about Dean either."
Cas follows him across the street and it's not until he's sitting besides Dean in the passenger seat that he registers what's wrong about this statement.
Her answer comes out a little to cheery, Cas pretends not to notice.
It is wrong to go further, he knows.
But the man beside him just smiles softly and nods.
However, Dean's eye is caught by something else.
“I am good, thank you."
Dean's eyes are full of hope and wonder when he asks: "Like what?"
"Come on Dean, don't you think you're being a little dramatic? You can remain anonymous if you choose to. This simply forces you to deal with your feelings, it doesn't mean you have to act on them, in fact it might help you to get over them. Give him a part of yourself and let go of it or take a risk and reveal yourself and your feelings to him."
He is floating under water and he's watching Dean.
In the end it doesn't matter what they are. He wants to let go either way.
"No deathbed speeches. You're staying. You will live. And you will come home," Dean has stopped crying. His voice is clear and authoritative and he won't take no for an answer.
"We should get going soon, then. The earlier you’re there, the better your spot and it's a bit of a drive."
The world was spinning and the ground was shifting and even though the cold night air had helped him sober up a little, he was stumbling over his own feet.
Maybe he'll die fighting one battle only to wake up for the next.
Without second thought, he pulls Dean down for a kiss.
Cas let out a snort of disbelief as he lowered the light saber in his hand.
I love you, Dean and I'd be honored to be romantically involved with you."
Dean is not looking at Cas anymore.
And then Cas's hand is on his cheek again, and his face is being tilted downwards, and their eyes are still locked until Cas's flutter shut and he pulls Dean close.
Cas loves him and he is telling Dean with a confidence he can't help but admire.
"You know what's up. Cut the crap and tell me what happened."
"It's fine Charlie. You couldn't have known I'd be such a baby about it. I'll come up with something, don't worry."
It is supposed to be just a couple of friends.
When Cas finally opens his eyes, Dean is once again taken aback by their startling blue color.
December 31 is his second favorite day of the year, right after January first.
But Cas has the excuse of being drunk - a sleepy drunk that is - while Dean is about as sober by now as he was when the party started.
Thankfully Dean doesn't comment on Cas' eloquent commentary and takes a sip from the beer bottle Cas didn't even notice he was holding.
"You mean, they ditched you?"
And the day is not going to be pleasant.
"Are you using your last joker for the year, Red?," he asks, causing Cas to blink at him in confusion.
Charlie's curse brings Cas back to the present, just in time to see a black beast of car coming to a halt on the side of the street. Despite only having seen it once, he recognizes it immediately. There is only one person he knows that drives a 1967 Chevrolet Impala and he has no idea how to react when said person crosses the street with a wide smile on his face and walks right towards him.
