“They’ll probably hire you on the spot,” Sherlock said.
Mycroft sighed.
A smile jerked on Greg’s face, only for a second, but it was something, at least.
“If it were fine, you would be looking at me.”
“Me, too. I like John. He’s a good chap. I always got on well with selkies. As much as Sherlock needed someone, I think John was lonely, too. I can’t imagine what it must be like for him with his family situation.”
Mycroft sighed again. Their parents had made it clear that they expected Mycroft to keep his less “appropriate” desires a secret and marry a wife. After all, if he was bisexual and not just using that as a code for gay, he shouldn’t have any problem managing it, right? Sherlock hoped that Greg and John would never have to suffer meeting them.
“I know you’re not. I wasn’t trying to say that you are.”
“You’re serious?”
Mycroft’s ugly, diverted smile was palpable in the dark.
“No. But I’m not going to transform for you now. I’m not a show dog. And cut that out.”
Sherlock shook his head, both to reassure John and in an attempt to clear it from the anxious fog that he’d fallen into.
“I shouldn’t have told you all that now,” Greg said, rubbing his fingers. Mycroft could see them jerking on Greg’s lap from the corner of his eye. “It wasn’t right.”
“Hookups are a very different thing and you know it. You’re talking about an actual relationship. Commitment. Two weeks is rather fast for that. Have you thought this through?”
“I don’t do that.”
“You have to follow your passions. Else your spirit will shrivel up and life will be a relentless agony, then what is the point of living at all? Your people don’t play instruments. I don’t see how you could have possibly stayed there without going mad.”
“Maybe you’re feeling something else, then. I didn’t think I’d ever see you like this. You’ve never been interested in any kind of close relationship.”
Sherlock turned over, careful not to jostle his ankle, and shut his eyes again for more sleep, but his body failed to cooperate. In the quiet, he heard John snoring in his study. They had both left their doors slightly ajar in case Sherlock needed something in the middle of the night and wanted to call John, as if he couldn’t get around on his own. But John insisted and it was his house, so Sherlock gave in. He lied on his back, the sun lighting bright red behind his closed eyelids, listening to the soft rhythm of John’s breath. Seal snores weren’t that different from human snores, it turned out. It was faint to Sherlock’s hearing, so it would be loud were John lying next to him, yet not unbearably so. Sherlock wasn’t accustomed to suffering much snoring around him, and, like most, didn’t find it particularly pleasant, yet John’s soothed him. The living presence of someone else in the same house as him was comforting. Sure, Mrs. Hudson was just downstairs at Baker Street, and the building had all been one house back upon a time, yet this felt different somehow. The proximity, perhaps. Or the friendship that they had professed in such a silly, yet delightful fashion yesterday. Or the excitement that still thrummed through Sherlock at having a friend at all, unsought, yet most welcome. Mycroft was right. He did do better with a friend. Not that Sherlock would admit that to him.
Greg shook his head, huffing a laugh that sounded an awful lot like an “oh, you”.
“Sorry,” John said, smiling in apology. “Look, I don’t mind. I don’t have the sunniest disposition myself at times. And you’re not moving in. You’re just staying for a while. We don’t need to vet each other. Although the violin bit is a plus. I would love to hear you play again.”
“I have to be upfront about something,” Mycroft said on their second date, for lack of a better word.
John rolled his eyes.
“What intrigues you more?” Sherlock asked later as Mycroft gave him a ride to his hotel. “That I have a friend, or that said friend can turn into a seal?”
“You are a handful,” Mycroft said.
“Excuse me. I need to yell at Mycroft for a bit.”
“I fear that we owe you an apology for underestimating you,” he said.
John’s fingers curled all the way down to Sherlock’s knuckles. Sherlock did the same, breath caught in his throat.
Mycroft sighed.
At 6:13, John texted that he was on the way. Sherlock rushed downstairs (if hobbling along at an annoyingly slow pace could be called “rushing”), and met him in the lobby. Their evening was a sequel to the one before. John tended to Sherlock’s injuries, they ate dinner, and John answered Sherlock’s large backlog of questions. They watched pieces of the documentaries for analysis.
“Thank you,” Greg said.
Sherlock chewed on his lip, rocking back and forth.
“How are you going to manage the distance, though, when you come back to London?”
“Always my first instinct.”
Sherlock’s eyes slid shut. Exhaustion dragged at every cell in his body. God damn it all. This was not how this call was supposed to go. He should have just texted and ignored Mycroft’s follow-up phone call. Why couldn’t he have done that? It would have been so much simpler. But no. He had to succumb to
Actually, John could just go with the two of them. There was no need for Sherlock to subject himself to useless facts at all.
Sherlock fidgeted with the frog of his bow, as if he were embarrassed by the admission of having changed his mind about something he was formerly so adamant about.
A fierce light flared in John’s eyes as he turned back to Sherlock.
“It pays to be prepared.”
“I lied again,” John said, voice heavy with self-recrimination. “You know, it’s not like I could be one hundred percent sure that I would like living here in the long term. I might hate med school. Decide to quit. Then where would I be? Dragging myself back to the clan, begging them to take me back after choosing to sunder myself from them? If I had left because I was getting married to someone in another clan, it would be easy to come back, but turning my back to them for the human world? That was unacceptable. I would have the right to visit those who would see me, and no one would get in trouble for visiting me, but they probably wouldn’t take me back as a member again. Maybe after years of making the proper gestures and apologies, but there would be no guarantee. And what other clan would take me in? So I took the deal. No more than three years on land. Obviously, I broke it. So they banished me. No one of my old clan is allowed to speak to me. The rest shun me except for a very few rebellious types every once in a long while. I’ll never be welcome among selkies again.”
John burst out laughing at that.
“It’s hardly intelligent.”
“Okay. Sure. I didn’t have a problem with the skull.”
“You ready to go down?” he asked instead.
“Oh. A pet name. Well, if that’s the case, that’s not so bad.”
“Sherlock, mate, it’s hard enough letting you in. You can’t just bring whoever you want with you just because he’s a doctor.”
“Yes, but there’s no hurry. Take your time.”
John cringed at his own phrasing, rubbing his face in embarrassment.
John quirked a brow.
“That might be part of it. I also let slip a little too much when I told you that he saved me. There’s no way for you to stop wondering exactly how.”
“I know. Alright? I know. No one tonight has told me anything I didn’t already know. I didn’t go. Okay? Can’t I at least get some credit for that?”
John glanced around the room, an amused smile on his face.
Mycroft rolled his eyes as he did so.
“Right,” he said, turning toward Mycroft, meeting his eyes so tentatively that Mycroft almost begged him to stop being scared. “Sorry, I’m just nervous. They said that you would be okay with it, but it’s still… I’ve thought about telling you so many times. I’ve really wanted to. It’s just…”
Sherlock’s cheeks burned with embarrassment. He crossed his arms tightly over his chest.
There didn’t seem to be any subterfuge in Greg’s eyes. Sherlock glanced at John, who shrugged.
John quirked a brow at that, intrigued.
Sherlock dropped his head into his hands, groaning.
“Yeah.”
The hell had Greg just said?
Greg’s eyes widened again at his own admission.
Sherlock frowned at the skin, lying just two meters away, still solid and clear, no faded figment of his imagination. Why was it still there? How could it be real?
Sherlock mentally kicked himself. Embarrassment heated his cheeks.
He was wrong. Of course. Not even he could lie to himself and get away with it. He dove into work like he had always done, yet Greg and the memory of lips which he’d never touch against pestered his every waking hour, and even some of his sleeping ones. Could this be love? He had never experienced the non-familial type, so how would he know? He googled the concept, both romantic and platonic, doing the most exhaustive study of crushes and squishes and every permutation of affection that he had ever made since Sherlock told him that terms existed for what they were. But his confusion about romantic feelings remained unchanged. Could it be a more intense form of friendship love, then, made painful now by Greg’s change in status in his life? Despite Greg’s desire to remain friends, their communication shrank to awkward texts, which in turn declined in frequency. Greg’s relationship with his now girlfriend Susan was progressing well. Despite his better judgement, Mycroft had grown to depend on Greg as a primary source of companionship, yet he had been supplanted by a romantic partner, who were always of a higher status.
Sherlock is pleased to note his observational skills are rubbing off on John. First clouds, next dead bodies.
Exhales lasciviously.
“He said banzai.” John struggles not to laugh. “Which means one-thousand years or something. Not bonsai the plant.” What he means is,
Sherlock replies,
Subtext almost as loud as the proverbial gunfire. And this.
) “I have—“ he tries. “We are prepared for any eventuality.”
dangerous.
John believes him because it’s true.
Sherlock sips his wine. He doesn’t make a face like he usually does after taking a drink of coffee or tea or whatever else he deems suitable to quench his thirst. A little too tipsy for that. His taste buds are probably numb. Can’t taste the wine anymore.  “John, you are—“ He curbs a hiccup. “—magnanimous.”
But if he did, Sherlock ruminates, he would settle for cerulean. In classical artistry, the term
right, too—John can stuff his
“No, you don’t.” John clasps his hands behind his back. Rocking on the balls of his feet. He’s really enjoying their toing and froing because he’s right, dammit. Leans forward, meeting Sherlock’s contentious expression through the busted window of a 1988 Honda Civic. “This looks like something you would do.” A mental image of Sherlock participating in the programme
The case was also important, but if Sherlock proposed delaying the dinner, John would get that “don’t you dare, Sherlock” look in his eyes, complete with disapproving glower, so Sherlock kept his mouth shut.
“Okay. I got another interview on Friday, by the way. This one for a surgery even closer to Baker Street.”
“He asked me to get in the cab with him. He’d tell me what he told his victims if I did. Otherwise, he’d keep mum and I’d never get my answers.”
“You’ll be fine,” John said. “He might even find it a plus. He’s still asking me questions. I’ve learned that there’s no higher honor than being the subject of a Holmes’s curiosity.”
Sherlock touched his right cheek, grinning at the warmth of John’s skin, indicating what he was about to do. John closed his eyes as Sherlock leaned in, letting him take the lead in the nuzzling. It was a struggle not to laugh at the silliness of rubbing his nose against John’s, but there was nothing infantile or ridiculous about this. His heart quickened as he pressed his cheek to John’s, John moving beside him, his five o’clock shadow rasping lightly against his own. He welcomed it, breath caught in his throat, growing shallow, but there was nothing to fear, no romantic or sexual signal for John to misconstrue. John wasn’t going to kiss him out of the blue, nor ask for sex or a date nor anything confusing. Though he was plenty confused by this. Sherlock had confirmed that this was a platonic display to him, yet he had never engaged in anything so warmly intimate, never been this vulnerable with anyone before. Mycroft didn’t count. Victor had never known him like this, not even in three years of friendship. Sherlock had only stopped thinking that there was something wrong with him after Victor left. And would Victor have even wanted to do this? He certainly seemed to have reserved this form of affection for his sexual partners.
“Well, I’m glad. I’m just going upstairs to get some clothes on.”
Greg immediately texted again.
“Of course. Come here.”
“Well, those people are berks. On the latter, though, I’d say you can’t expect everyone to be as perceptive as you, but you clearly do.”
“Mycroft wants to know why you told me now,” he said.
John tensed at his back, his hand stilling on Sherlock’s head.
“Never mind,” Sherlock said, growling, good mood completely evaporated. “Don’t tell me. I’ll figure it out. Anyway, the doctor’s name is John. I know his name. I call him by that name. And he’s coming over. I’m afraid that I’m going to have to leave you now. So sorry. There’s no need to keep asking me when I’m coming home. I’ll let you know.”
Greg was frowning at him, studying his face, his hands hanging uncertainly at his sides, his right half raised, as if debating whether to reach for him.
“Why didn’t you say so before?” he asked. “We must rectify this immediately.”
The kettle shrieked. Mrs. Hudson took it off the stove.
“Somewhere to sleep. If I even can sleep. Probably for longer than tonight. Distraction. I know action moves aren’t your thing, but I may have to commandeer your telly and gorge myself on some. Anything to numb my brain.”
“That’s alright. You have a busy life and you’re building a new relationship. That’s time consuming. Don’t worry about me. I’m fine.”
```````````````````````````
John smiled.
John got the position closest to Baker Street. He moved in a week later, bringing clothes, books, and far too many records to fit on the shelf that Sherlock had cleared for him. They were tripping over stacks of boxes while they figured out what they could move to make room. Several of Sherlock’s books were probably never going to be read again, so those could go. It was harder with his costumes, but now that John was living here, he really needed full use of his wardrobe, so Sherlock was forced to say goodbye to some pieces he hadn’t used in years. The space negotiations carried on for a couple of weeks, during which Sherlock was uncharacteristically glad not to have a case. He had no desire to see his promise to keep John at his side no matter the danger tested so soon. Not that he intended to break it, but in the interest of John’s safety, he might be compelled to do so. John might not be so forgiving a second time around.
, Mycroft texted.
“I still don’t want children. I am no more a suitable candidate for you now than I was four years ago. Even when you are recovered from Susan’s betrayal, you would be better off seeking a romantic companion elsewhere. Romance, of course, is something else that I cannot provide.”
“Thank you for the compliment. I wish I’d met you sooner, too. I hope I can live up to your expectations of me.”
Sherlock hung up on him and hurried downstairs, cursing his ankle for preventing him from moving faster than a snail’s pace else he risk tripping on his crutches and crashing to the ground. A black car was waiting at the curb when he exited the lobby, staffed by the usual grey suited minion, who held the back door open for him.
He went upstairs. Buzzing with glee, Sherlock leaned back on the sofa and steepled hands on his face, which broke into a wide smile of ardent anticipation. He’d been craving to see this again since yesterday, but there hadn’t been time to ask. Of course he wasn’t doubting his senses, but fear could warp and alter memories, and he needed to be absolutely certain of what he saw. Besides, how could he pass up the opportunity to behold such an amazing sight? He wasn’t afraid anymore.
“That’s quite a demand. You won’t tell me anything until I agree, will you?”
, Sherlock texted him, typing furiously at the keys.
“Oh, on that we agree. My culture is a mad waste of space sometimes. About your question, yes, I will certainly be showing you my appreciation when you get home.”
“Is it too much? Do you feel overwhelmed?”
“Please, you don’t have to keep apologizing. It’s fine.”
Greg frowned.
“I still love Susan,” Greg said, the words a knife to Mycroft’s gut.
“Huh. I’m starting to like this guy.”
“For how long?”
“Oh, how wonderful,” Mrs. Hudson exclaimed, her joyful expression warming up Sherlock inside. “That makes me so happy. I knew you looked unusually cheerful, Sherlock.”
“Oh, I’m sure he finds it very frustrating.”
“I wonder what he’ll ask for as recompense,” Mycroft mused. “No more body parts in the kitchen?”
All four of them went. John even invited Mycroft, who excused himself with a work thing that may have been completely fabricated. The trivia was as boring as expected, although at least they had the courtesy of including a chemistry question, even if it was silly. How many elements began with the letter H? Really? That was the best that they could come up with? But it put a smile on John’s face, which stayed for the whole night, so the annoyance was well worth it.
“Have you been planning this trip for a while or was it a sudden decision?” Mycroft asked, hoping it didn’t sound too much like an interrogation.
“Spaghetti and tea coming right up.”
When he returned home from work Mycroft reached in his pocket for his mobile without even a thought and dialed Greg’s number. His stomach pinched with hunger pangs, but he couldn’t eat until he’d cleared his mind.
“It’s alright. I understand.”
Mycroft narrowed his eyes. Why was Greg bringing this up now? Why make himself feel worse when he was already so low?
He returned her smile.
“I thought you and Mycroft were getting along better,” she said.
“I’m not really a fan of small talk,” he said, his annoyance abruptly banished by the awkward uncertainty that he’d suffered earlier in the cab.
“Do you know how my case ended yet?”
“Is this…” he asked, eyes wide with excitement. “You finished your composition?”
“During one of my early conversations with Greg about you, we began to speak about other things. He invited me for ice cream.”
Greg grinned back.
“I’ll wait for you at the station.”
Sherlock had been surprised and jealous that Greg had spilled such intimate details after only knowing John for one day. Shapeshifters must share a special bond. Or Greg needed someone to confide in who knew Mycroft but wasn’t his ex’s brother. Not that this was the sort of thing that he would confide to Sherlock, anyway. When asked, John had implied that Sherlock was on the right track. He also said that Sherlock should keep his curiosity to himself and not coax or push Greg in any way.
“Alright. We’ll keep it light, then.”
“I have known a few werewolves, though,” Mrs. Hudson said. “If you’d like some advice in that area. Generally speaking. Nothing untoward.”
John returned his hands to Sherlock’s leg, stroking up his shin. Sherlock slipped his left foot into his lap and nudged at John’s wrists with his toes, a thrill going through him as John’s smile widened and he transferred his hold to that foot, which he could massage without fearing causing Sherlock pain. And he did so, but slowly, tentative, their discussion still unfinished.
If John’s glare were made of steel, Sherlock would be bleeding to death on the sofa right now.
“I really am so happy that you found him,” she said. “He’s good for you, I can tell.”
“If you wish to refresh your memory, I’m happy to oblige.”
“Like I was with John? I suppose they told you the whole, embarrassing tale.”
“Every time I call, which is why I almost never do. That and the constant questions on whether I’ve found someone yet. I’m sure that they’d be ecstatic to hear that I’ve chosen someone who lacks the proper equipment to give them a grandchild. Or be acceptable in their antiquated view of respectability.”
“Seals in general are cute, so yes, I do find your seal form cute. That’s not what I meant.”
They spoke a little more often since then, although still not as easily as before. Greg wouldn’t mention Susan unless Mycroft did. Their relationship continued to develop well. By the year, Greg was considering proposing. He didn’t say so, but a wistful look at a jewelers as they walked down the street on the way to a café for what had become a monthly lunch expressed his desires keenly enough. Mycroft had turned away at the sight, his previous good mood souring as the pain twisted in his gut, not blunted despite the passage of time.
Sherlock bit his tongue before
Sherlock grimaced at the mild accusation.
Fear flashed in John’s eyes.
“What did you almost do?”
Sherlock frowned at his phone screen before putting it back in his pocket and pouring himself a cup of tea.
“I want to. I used to take heroin and cocaine. Sometimes other things, but those were my main ones.”
“It doesn’t as much anymore. It’s more annoying than anything else.”
“Yes, you want me to be happy. I get it. You think I haven’t given this any thought? I know what people think when they first walk in here. I’ll warn him about the specimens, alright? That way, he won’t be surprised. That wouldn’t turn him off me, anyway. He’s not petty like that. If he were, he wouldn’t be worth my time. But he’s not. The lack of sex might do it, but he’s not complaining about that.”
“It’s ordinary. Ordinary people living ordinary lives.”
Sympathy warmed Mrs. Hudson’s face.
“Oh for—I don’t need to be mollycoddled.”
“No.” Sherlock frowned. “I don’t think so. No. He said he was fine just doing… You know. By himself.” Sherlock raised his left leg and folded it against his chest, hugging it. Usually, he’d raise both legs, but his right ankle was still not up to it. “So it’s fine. I’m not worried too much about the future.”
Sherlock looks up from his book. He says, “You’re home later than expected.” What he means is,
Sherlock fishes his mobile from his trouser pocket and sets it on the table. He deftly taps the screen while he lectures Deez on the
.), Sherlock will find a way to give him the sun. Just one thing, though. Only one condition.
God, how can ordinary people stand these feelings? A superior specimen though he may be, he’s incapable of compartmentalizing the overabundance of gratitude and admiration and sheer joy John arouses in his heart, his head, his bloody toes for all Sherlock knows. Every square inch of him hyperaware of John’s hands flat against his back, John’s head on his shoulder. Points of contact, live wires. The feedback nearly sends Sherlock over the edge. Almost makes him scream with the intensity of it. Scream, bite, curse as he dissolves under the unashamed affection in John’s voice, in his eyes.
They’re backstage at an opera house, scouring the dressing rooms for evidence of foul play when John finds a plaid fedora in an unmarked box on the floor. Sherlock questions, “PTO? What do you think it—“ Stops short when he notices John is paying more attention to his reflection than to Sherlock, which smarts his pride. In John’s defense, he looks good. And they have permission to snoop. For once. “What are you doing?”
“Nope.”
she told John in that nasally voice of hers.
Sherlock and Victor catch each other’s eye and laugh with youthful abandon. John is not jealous. No, of course not. His stomach hurts because he has gas. Yes. Or he’s suddenly developed a case of Crohn’s disease in the last five minutes.
“What, whaaat?” Sherlock whinges. “What do you think?”
“Maybe you should.”
Have some Kid!lock.
“Where?” John asks unnecessarily because it’s quite obvious
“We should do it again sometime.”
Sherlock joins John in front of the painting. Sketches the mechanics of a murder in the picturesque field before capping the pen with a flourish. “Perfect.”
And that.
Eventually, Sherlock sits. Legs stretching forever. Drawing whatever is on his mind to an almost-close.
John makes love to Sherlock in his own way, too.
It was worth a wound; it was worth many wounds; to know the depth of loyalty and love which lay behind that cold mask. The clear, hard eyes were dimmed for a moment, and the firm lips were shaking. For the one and only time I caught a glimpse of a great heart as well as of a great brain. All my years of humble but single-minded service culminated in that moment of revelation.
because while the investigation itself is devoid of legwork and life-threatening situations, Sherlock invariably descends into one of his black moods afterwards. A miasma of screeching violin music and nicotine patches a routine adjunct.
They feel each other smile. Bullet holes spackled with yellow spray paint.
Sherlock touches John’s forearm. John sighs into his pillow.
“Do I need a reason?”
They both groan in unison and they’re kissing. Kissing and kissing, their mounting cries muffled for the briefest of moments before their burning lungs force their mouths to part with a wet pop.
John giggles. “You’re going to need a lot more practice, judging from her reaction.”
“What?” Sherlock asks.
“About the ring.”
“I’m furious, you dick. Not aroused.”
John, however. Sherlock believes the man has a soul. He can feel it. Like the vastness of the snowfall outside 221B. Immeasurable. John is so much bigger, so much greater than the melanin of his hair, the marrow of his bones. His eyes are the ocean, his skin is the desert. Sherlock could fall into him and never find his way out. Sometimes, he thinks he already has.
; he deduces, he deciphers, he disassembles. But lives are on the line. And as the eleventh hour comes to a head, as it is wont to do, John gives Sherlock his blessing (
Sherlock flexes his theatrical muscles, flinging the offending phalange in John’s lap the moment he sits on the coffee table.
John smiles. “I know what you’re thinking.”
Evidence, the kind that changes the course of an entire case. It needs to be said. It needs to be said.
John's not smiling anymore.
“At this time of night? It had better be a case.”
Sherlock is lost. Has lost. He’s a loser.
“If you were skydiving,” John says, “and your parachute didn’t open, what would you do?”
John chuckles. Pulls Sherlock down to straddle him where he lies. Splays his hands across Sherlock’s ribcage, holding him carefully, protecting him completely. Guides him across the mattress until John’s looking up into his eyes. Sherlock’s robe encases their torsos, slipping off his shoulders. “We can steal one of Mycroft’s cars. Drive off a cliff.”
“You’re killing me,” Sherlock voices his displeasure.
John sighs. He’s tired. He’s sore. He wants to go home and forget tonight ever happened, but Sherlock will make sure he never forgets. “I was mugged. I’m sorry. But I swear I’m fine. No one’s dying first or second or—“ John licks his lips. His voice cracks a bit when he says, “I really,
“I’ve been contemplating retirement.” Sherlock nibbles John’s earlobe.
John brings home a pair of red stockings. Covered in glitter and paper stars and Sherlock’s name is spelled SHRLOCK and an E is magicmarkered at an angle between the H and the R. Sherlock has never seen anything so blatantly Christmas-y in his entire life. He stops playing his violin. Watches John hang them from the mantle, over the fire. Snowflakes and depth-deficient presents drawn in squiggly strands of glue.
Sherlock thinks before he turns and walks away. The sooner he leaves, the sooner he can return. And then neither of them will be lonely. For now, they will be alone together…very, very far apart.
Sherlock’s brain is not a machine, as much as Sherlock wishes otherwise. He can’t snap auditory recollections into pieces as effortlessly as he prefers. Peeling the clamor of inept singing from the question and answer segment of his interrogation is a lot more difficult, and painful, than John thought possible.
“Mm?”
A shift of the shoulders, a tilt of the head, as poised and polished as you please. “Really. Do you belong to my little brother, John?”
Because Sherlock is impatient and he wants to have his way with John. I.e., observational coitus. Sherlock remembers where he left off. Like a book he’s read before. Pages dog-eared, spine cracked. Sherlock’s grappling with John’s shirt by the time John realizes exactly where this is going; not very far. But it’s fine. More than fine. It’s addicting, maddening, and it’s hard for John to keep his hands off of Sherlock when he pulls John’s vest over his head like he’s unzipping a body bag.
And, okay. It is pretty funny.
Or maybe he will. If John asks.
“Ten?”
The handcuffs clatter to the floor.
Slim whines: “He’s a bloke, Deez.”
Sherlock grits his teeth. Sends a curt ‘Thank you.’ regardless.
It would be annoying if Sherlock weren’t so distracted by John’s hair. He’s watching it dry. Actually
“Yeah, you know. Bring you chocolates and flowers. In your case, toes and femurs.”
Long years traversing Europe, the Americas. Hunting down and destroying the vestiges of Moriarty’s crime syndicate. And it’s always when he’s alone. Lying awake in a flea-ridden motel in the middle of East Jesus Nowhere at the crack of dawn. John thrumming though his body, his mind.
Love is disgusting.
Sherlock pockets his mobile and moves to stand behind John. Waits for him to fix his tie to his liking. “John,” he begins. But he doesn’t have any words. Not any that make sense. How can he convey his thoughts properly when he himself doesn’t understand them? John trumps comparable language, perhaps. Sherlock opts for the next best thing. He looks at John and thinks,
To be subjected to something so
Sherlock paces back and forth, back and forth. Pushes Dr. Rei away and away and away again. Not manhandling. Never manhandling. Funneling. Sherlock’s manic energy an unconscious perimeter, circling John and edging the doctor’s intrusive presence from the room entirely. Sherlock’s eyes dart left and right and front and center, cataloguing and dismantling and deleting at mind-rending speed. John’s head throbs painfully just watching Sherlock’s eyes tremble in their sockets.
“Fine. I’ll call an exterminator.”
Lazy mornings are few and far between, but John wouldn’t have it any other way. Too much of a good thing and all. Sherlock rarely, if ever, sleeps with John. Sleeping-sleeping, not sex-sleeping, just to be clear. (Honestly, John would prefer the latter to occur more regularly
Sherlock swallows. It’s the first time their emotional consonance has been classified aloud. Exhales shakily. (
, does he want. And if Johns lifeline were branded on his tumescent flesh forever and always he’d be just fine with that.
Title sequence. Trees, landscape, yes. Here we go.
. Under Sherlock’s arse, out of his trousers, and John’s arm is effectively pinned. The mouse scurries back under the couch.
John wraps Sherlock’s leg in gauze, surgeon hands siding up to his knees as he stands. Sherlock follows him with his eyes silently.
Sherlock is in awe of John’s paradoxical bearing. So he does as he’s told. Only has one more comment. “God! How many sodding endings does this film have, John?”
I love you is being struck by lightning.
John reasons it’s because Sherlock can’t see the people he’s talking to. Sherlock is socially stunted, sure, but he relies heavily on non-verbal cues.
) “…I understand.” Sherlock doesn’t, of course, but he also doesn’t care. “It will be okay.”
“Touch me,” Sherlock says.
John takes Sherlock to Angelo’s. Not exactly creative. Sherlock keeps his mouth firmly shut, teeth aching. Sits in his usual spot. Tries to suss John out. Not his style. John prefers lavishing his dates with expensive, three course meals he can’t afford. Piano music, candlelight, and the susurrus of intimate conversation somewhere in the dark.
Sherlock is good at ignoring hateful remarks. Slanderous accusations, the term
, initially. And sex with Sherlock was sporadic at best in the beginning. Just as sharing a bed slowly became the norm, the more physical aspects of their relationship evolved over time. (John does not initiate without Sherlock's permission. Likewise, Sherlock is more attune to John's needs and strives to satisfy him in spite of his libido. Because it's John. There's always data to be gathered about John. Plus, Sherlock's always willing to let John spoil him.)
Sherlock arcs into him. Slumps further down the wall, arms akimbo.
“You do owe me.”
Banifacious monopolizes the Ferris Wheel. Very obvious and very dull, but what in the hell else is Sherlock supposed to do? Molly banned him from the mortuary at Bart’s due to his attempted theft of a dermoid ovarian cyst in the middle of (what she believed to be) a routine autopsy.
That’s because Sherlock’s idea of observing John is peppering his throat with kisses and then stopping to ask when it was he broke his clavicle. How it felt. Where it hurt. How long it took to heal. John can’t blame Sherlock his curiosity. Asking John probing questions is more personal, more significant, to him than sex. (Not that he doesn’t enjoy sex from time to time, but the fact remains.) John not-so-secretly enjoys Sherlock’s queer inquisitions. As long as Sherlock wants? Could mean several hours of intellectual intercourse.
means
“I had an accident.” His jumper and his trousers are damp with what Sherlock hopes isn’t piss. “Oh, God. We’re so wasted. I haven’t been wasted since—“ John grimaces. Doesn’t finish his sentence. “Shou’ probably get Missus Hudson to keep ‘n eye on us tonight.” Sets the cup he salvaged from the sink on the coffee table.
Mycroft stands without argument. Wanders toward the door and descends the stairs. Quietly, quietly, and he’s gone.
Sherlock holds John tighter. The pavement is wet and cold and puddles of rainwater are soaking Sherlock’s trousers. An undercurrent of music, velvet gold against Sherlock’s skin, a pulse of energy floating on the breeze. The smell of drugs and sweating bodies still lingering in his nostrils. Sherlock tears a glove off with his teeth. Clamps his hand around the back of John’s neck. Feeling his warmth, his pulse, squeezing hard.
Sherlock’s lips are parted, his face aflame. His eyes are moving rapidly behind his eyelids, barely shut, and he looks as if he’s surrendering himself over to John when he tilts his head back to loll on his shoulders. Completely undone, exposed. This ineffable display of trust spurs John to unknot Sherlock’s scarf, parting it like a curtain to reveal the pale column of his throat. His prominent collar bones. His suprasternal notch beginning to dew with sweat.
“Humidifier in the bedroom. Not hers, his. He sleeps on the right side of the bed.
“Your question is rhetorical, John. You know I hate rhetorical devices,” he lies. “I don’t need you to lecture me on my negligent behavior this evening, thanks.” Sherlock pockets a bottle of pain-killers. (
“Finally some variety,” Sherlock sneers.
“Self inflicted.”
Who gave John Watson permission to smile like that and steal all of the oxygen from Sherlock’s lungs?
A beat.
. Capillaries widening, flooding his face with heat. Cascading down and further down, pooling tender in the pit of his stomach. He. He wants to—he. Can’t think. Scrambles to gather his thoughts; the trifles he needed to examine more closely are swelling beneath his feet. Crawling up his legs like ants and he should take John’s face in his hands, shouldn’t he? Adjust the angle? There?
“About ready, Mr. Burton?”
. Through and through. “John, I…” Grits his teeth. John exists, soft and strong in all the right ways, and he can say it. He can say it for John. “I love you.”
John snorts. Good humor. Not insulted. “You’re terrible at this.” Sherlock is affronted before John concludes with, “I’m worse.” Licks his lips. “I’m not—I don’t know what I’m doing,” he admits, exhaling his admission in confidence. “I’ve never done this before. And I feel stupid, but I want to pursue you. Not like this,” he flounders. “But. Um. Obviously. With murder. But not murder, of course. What I’m saying is, I…” John sighs. “…I like you. I fucking like you and I honestly can’t think straight, Sherlock, Jesus Christ.”
“John.” Ignites within his mouth, open fire, semi-automatic. Sherlock wants to apologize.
I should probably change it to: Updates daily unless work or life intervenes. Sorry for the delay! Admittedly, I stole this scene from Kim Possible.
“You ar’n going anywhere.” John flails his arms around like he’s making a salient point despite his dilapidated motor skills. “You went to the roof an’ you didn’t come back for three years. You’ll just get lost.”
blushing. He is
“Spent the whole appetizer calling your methods into question. Plus, she hates the way I dress.”
“Getting to know you
“What for?” Sherlock wants to know.
John struggles to stand, his knees sinking deep in residual silt. Tries not to feel slighted when the boy neither offers his help nor his condolences, but John has an inkling he’s fraternizing with a distant relation of the pricks who own half of the hill. Pleated wing, partially untucked. Bowtie hanging askew around his wiry neck. The boy holds himself with the impudent distinction of landed gentry. Despite his Edwardian pallor, John’s first impression is
Sherlock receives a text. His heart rate triples.
Sherlock is still pondering said question while John levers him against the couch, on his back. Sherlock goes willingly. Because he’s curious. Not because heat, salacious and swelling like a balloon in the pit of his stomach. Every breath he takes inflating and inflating and more and yes. Breathing deeper. Faster. He can feel lust curling his toes, bubbling against his skin. Like a kettle. Water boils. (John breathes against Sherlock’s cheek.) Steam is created. (Sherlock keens. John kisses his throat. Sweat and spit.) Limited room within the confines of the kettle, pressure begins to build. (Sherlock undulates, arching his spine.) More and more steam is created, has nowhere to go. Begins to escape through the spout.
the information on the off chance he needs to kiss someone in the future. Might come in handy.
John meets his eyes, lips pressed firmly together. “Oh. About. Yes.” Unsuccessfully curbs a smile. Infective. Sherlock answers in kind. It’s unbearable. “This, tonight. It was nice.”
John steers Sherlock in the opposite direction. He scans the crowd for signs of their quarry. “This was your idea,” he reminds him. “I’m not even sure this qualifies as a three so you must be pretty damn desperate—“ Sherlock seethes and John swallows the unnecessary commentary. “Right.” Gestures with his chin, where the Miss Congeniality of the fairgrounds glitzes and glams, illustrious against the night sky. “That our culprit?”
He knows he will. So does Mycroft.
engages Sherlock. John enables him.
The problem is, Vatican Cameos has lost its appeal as a euphemism. Irene knows it, the American Secret Service knows it, Mycroft undoubtedly knows it. Unacceptable. It’s high time Vatican Cameos is put out to pasture.
, Sherlock.
Sherlock didn’t want
Sherlock braces himself against the mattress, pushing himself over and on top of and looking down at John. He’s smiling that predatory smile John associates with serial killers or that one time Molly text Sherlock about a body in the morgue. Situs inversus. Sherlock’s jealousy, coveting the inversion of internal organs because then their hearts would beat against one another, wouldn’t they? Lying like this?
John chuckles. Jostling Sherlock with his laughter. Sherlock doesn't seem to mind. No, he rests his chin on John's sternum, eyes heavy-lidded and gummy. Gradually pulls himself up John's body, delightful friction, toes and elbows digging into the mattress. Levers himself so he can look down into John's face. Flushed. Smiling. Happy. John's hands on his hips. Holding him. Squeezing him. Adjusting his arms and legs to complement Sherlock's dips and angles delectably. Sherlock kisses John on the mouth because John likes kisses on the mouth. Then he nuzzles John's neck. Bumps John's chin with his nose, prompting John to
Sherlock stands at the kitchen table. Pressing John's left socks in order of color. The heat from the seal machine divests him of his suit coat and the top two buttons of his shirt. Tugging at his collar. Continues to obsess over his pet project, eyes crinkling when the machine hisses, pops open. Carefully folds the barcoded sock with nimble fingers. He reaches for another. Brown. Rubs the textile with his thumb. Pondering. Lifts the sock to his nose and sniffs greedily before draping it across the hot plate.
Downcast expression. A dash of humility and, “You’re married to your work.”
“Didn’t you say we have a case?”
he confirms the next day. The signs of sex decorating Sebastian’s neck and hands and lips. They do not belong to her. And she knows it. Sebastian remains bright-eyed. He remains in good spirits. Sherlock does not witness her smile for the remainder of his career at university.
John leans forward. Kisses him sweetly, touching Sherlock’s thighs, his waist. He’s spent his life dreaming of mending, studying to mend, and mending the wounded in the heat of battle. He never thought he would need mending himself. Mending in a way he couldn’t understand. Didn’t realize he’d been cut down the middle, living through the motions after Afghanistan. Not until Sherlock’s unique brand of madness stitched him back together again.
He hasn’t felt this alive since before he got shot.
John looks at his wristwatch. “Party’s in an hour. Shouldn’t you be getting dressed?” Smiles evilly. Evilly for John Watson, that is. Sherlock has taught himself to gauge the difference between John’s smiles based on the number and the profundity of his smile lines. He’s catalogued them somewhere and,
But he remembers John’s favorite color is green.
He’s humming a tune Sherlock recognizes. One of his scores. Mediocre, Sherlock thinks, but John seems to be enjoying himself.
According to the docufiction television series 1000 Ways To Die, someone swallowed tapeworms in order to lose weight quickly.
John grinds his teeth together. Stabs at the remote, increasing the volume.
The first preview plays. Dark, teen love, angst, kissing in the rain. Sherlock makes strange gargling noises throughout. “Are you trying to kill me? I think you’re trying to kill me.”
“Tease.”
“We’ll find proof,” John assures him, yawning. “Eat.”
John wishes he could drop dead for just a little while.
Sherlock sighs. Cradles his chin on bent fingers. Rubs at his upper lip. John’s hair looks brown when wet. A shade of marigold in colour, presently. The aroma of shampoo and deodorant a pleasant reprieve from the stench of bird shit. Sherlock sighs again. More tolerantly this time, imitating John’s modus operandi vis-à-vis uneventful afternoons. His nervous tick looses its tempo and he’s caressing his mouth.
"Mm."
Sherlock orders his clothes from a catalogue. A fancy catalogue. John does not begrudge him this. Sherlock is a grown man who earns money and should spend his income how he chooses. The catalogue is esoteric. Beautiful people living in a beautiful world of culture and upper crust-ness. John has never challenged Sherlock’s brand loyalty until he sees an advertisement that looks somewhat familiar to him.
“Alright, then.”
John is in shock. Because
“Hi, Sherlock. It’s me. John. Your flatmate. Call me back if you don’t get this message.” John pockets his mobile and goes about his ten-steps-behind business. Takes comfort in the fact that the impracticality of his request is percolating on Sherlock’s answerphone like spoiled milk in direct sunlight.
Mrs. Hudson’s barges in on them without so much as a whoo-whoo!
“She looks like a sexy rabbit.”
“Wraith.”
“I’m not teasing, I’m observing.”
“I do. Absolutely. Yes. Yes. Yes.”
John is amused.
Sherlock cracks John’s toes. Idly massages the balls of his feet. “Reggie,” he says with contempt.
does not hold everything in the balance. Most things. Lots of things. But not everything. John isn’t everything, either, but he contributes a key element to Sherlock’s everything. Sherlock will be damned if he accepts a mimicry of John’s resplendence. Forced to revise his metamorphosis from a solitary creature of habit to a solitary creature of habit with a John.
John closes his mouth. Follows after him, grinning broadly. “Just kids?”
Sherlock scoffs.
He pinches the bridge of his nose. Strikes through the nuggets and truffles of John’s heart, breaking his mental pen. Might as well tip the illusory jar of ink while he’s at it. Black as pitch. Sherlock dismembers
“You’re an idiot.” are the first words Sherlock Holmes speaks to—rather,
John shuts off the water and pulls Sherlock out of the shower. Sherlock considers going boneless just to irritate him, but he’s naked and wet and quite cold, actually. (So perhaps another time.) John forces him to sit on the toilet. Produces a towel to protect Sherlock’s modesty. Produces another to dry his hair. John resolutely scrubs Sherlock’s scalp, massaging his head with his fingers and it shouldn’t feel this good. But it does. Easier to forget all the words worth forgetting. Sherlock leans into his touch.
Trying to make me feel better. And making an arse of yourself in the process.”
“Murderer, remember? Don’t stare.”
. Because it's the size of a miniature Olympic swimming pool.  With two faucets, jets, and courtesy salts and bubbles John can’t even begin to pronounce. But oh God it feels nice. Slipping his body, worn from travel, into a piping hot mixture of eucalyptus and mint. His sinuses are singing.
After an hour of unmitigated torture, Sherlock traces the call and the murderer is apprehended. “Horses,” he explains to John on the cab ride home. “Butorphanol can be used to treat colic in horses.”
John falls more in love.
John can’t help but notice half the Yard is watching them closely. Too closely. And not because Sherlock is a thief. (
Sherlock audibly gasps.
John puts away the groceries, uncertain if he should break the spell of camaraderie by announcing his presence or wait to be acknowledged. Under normal circumstances, he would introduce himself because he doesn’t pussyfoot around Sherlock’s clients. Never has. But John can’t determine if the man (Well dressed. Jewelry, a ring on his finger that would break John three times over. A toff. New money, judging by the disproportion between Sherlock’s suave demeanor and his flamboyant conduct—
you?”
“What?”
John dabs at Sherlock’s eyebrow with a cotton swab. Sherlock flinches at the sting.
Sherlock has a soul. He must have because there are times he catches John’s eye and the bottom of his world plummets and disappears and his horizons expand in a flood of color and light and violin concerto in D major Op. 61. Sherlock holds John’s gaze. For the first time in his life, he doesn’t mind John can see through him, inside him, where his demons hide. For the first time in his life, he believes in himself because John believed in him first.
Sherlock draws the curtain. “What’s taking you so long?”
, John reminds himself, wincing internally. But the mental reprimand looses its integrity, dissolving under Sherlock’s stare. Caustic during one of his black moods. But today…John decides
John looks up at the sky. At the clouds.
“Bloody human rotisserie.”
And Sherlock isn’t a romantic.
Sherlock fishes his mobile from the pocket of his robe. He Googles
Third button goes. Sherlock abandons his attempts at the fourth.
Sherlock’s stare needs a flat of its own. Way too dense. Way to analytical. And who gave him the permission to make a damn entrance and steal all of the oxygen from the room?
Inside the envelope is a card festooned with pictures of top hats and wedding bells and rings and ribbon and Sherlock refuses to touch it. So Mrs. Hudson reads aloud, “Congratulations on your engagement. Love, your brother.” Her bottom lip trembles.
meaning
Gentle fingers run through his hair.
of the chair knocking into the wall.
"And then what happened?" Sherlock locks the front door behind him.
“Don’t,” Sherlock says waspishly. “I’m in no mood for your sympathy.”
Okay, a lot.
Sherlock manages to button his coat around John’s back, drawing him close and closer and—
This intrigues John. Because of reasons.
“Not my fault. I’m already comfortable.”
when he surrenders himself, wholly and completely, absorbed in his unique brand of contemplation. No reservations. No hesitation. No mercy. John isn’t sure he would have the courage to permit his mind to all but wreak havoc on his body, pacing and speaking and gesturing almost as if physicality is a second thought altogether. Like Sherlock exists on another plane of existence.
Sherlock gasps. Tilts his head back, emotion stirring low in his stomach.
“Jesus,” John whispers. Like a revelation.
“Won’t your mother be worrying after you?”
,” he mimics. “What’s so special about fuzzy, little children and unassuming jewelry and starting wars with creatures that don’t exist, hm?” Folds his arms across his chest, sinking deep into the leather cushions.
Mushrooms and cheese and none of these flavors are particularly savory secondhand. Doesn’t stop Sherlock from licking any semblance of risotto off John’s mouth. His lips buzzing with the stimulation.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Who taught you to box?”
John checks on his roast. “She’s a perfectly nice girl.”
Sherlock refuses to budge.
Not only is John too tired to put up a decent fight, John’s too tired to justify his assumptions. He waves his hand noncommittally. “Not important. Continue.”
“Uh, no.”
“It’s Rare Disease Day, John,” Sherlock announces from the bedroom.
“This is miserable,” Sherlock quips.
. (The designation still gives John the willies, and he’s a doctor!) Not too cold, hard and lumpy. Not too warm, soft and runny. Just right. Retaining most of its velvety integrity. Glistening and sumptuous and Sherlock takes the spoon into his mouth, all the way to its transition. Turns the bowl over against his tongue and rakes it clean with his lips. “I have no strong feelings for vanilla ice cream one way or the other.”
“Because we want to.” John’s hand finds its way under Sherlock’s robe, under his shirt. Rubs his thumb across the breadth of his ribcage. “You’ve been desperate for my attention all day.”
Sherlock rolls his eyes. “I don’t believe people come in halves,” he reiterates.
“No, I.” John nods. “I can see it.”
“Suit me for what?” John asks softly.
"I took a picture."
It’s John’s turn to boggle. “Gun,” he whispers.
Deez’s eyes go wide. He pushes Sherlock off and scrambles out the door.
Mary stands when John sits. She grabs her purse. “I’m sorry, John,” she says. “You’ve been lovely, but…” She doesn’t finish her sentence.
John smiles. His nose has found a nice, warm spot under Sherlock’s suit jacket, practically in his armpit, but John doesn’t care. He’s past caring. “Getting to know you.”
Sherlock nods. Can’t bring himself to explain how.
“My shoulder’s tired.”
“Alright. Just. Hold still, will you?” John grabs his wrist, a pair of tweezers in hand.
“Thank you…” (
Their audience has lost all interest in their food. An out-and-out soap opera is unfolding before their eyes.
“Man crushes.”
“Boring.”
) He starts upon spotting John lying facedown on the couch.
Sherlock hates the word subjective, too. It’s outright lazy.
Sherlock refuses to moon. He’s too good at it. Just like everything else.
so that's been keeping me busy. I'll try to update more regularly. As ever, thank you so much for reading!
Sherlock can read John’s unspoken question in the flutter of his eyelids. “It will suit you. Bring out the color of your eyes.”
“What?”
He sniffs at the dead body’s neck. A faint odor of perfume. What is it?
John snickers into the remainder of his boeuf bourguignon.
Victor thanks John and Sherlock for their time. “I think Billy the crime dog is a hit.”
“God, I love you,” John says with his mouth as well as his hips. Sherlock responds in equal measure. But easy, easy. No rush. Because the intimacy of the conversation held between their bodies is sweeter than honey, monosyllable accoutrements rolling off their tongues. Little ‘yes’s and ‘oh’s. Encouraging whimpers. A playful nipping of lips.
Sherlock frowns. “When?”
John snorts. Watches Sherlock map the jut of his ankle with delicate fingertips. Inhales sharply when Sherlock scratches his calf. Lightly. Oh so lightly. “Let’s go home in the morning,” he exhales. “It’s very nice, this. But—“
Sherlock isn’t sure how to handle John’s compliment. It’s awkward, riveting, warm. A beating heart, and maybe it’s his own. “One of?”
“Name one time I overdid anything.”
“You’re overdoing it.” John shrugs his aching shoulders. (He is, of course, carrying everything they’ve purchased thus far.) “Who am I kidding, you always overdo it.”
Sometimes, Sherlock hates evidence.
The sombrero is not to be touched under penalty of disorganizing Sherlock’s sock index.
“This is new,” John muses. “No abandoned warehouses available for a clandestine meeting?”
They don’t pack luggage. They don’t book a hotel. They don’t do much of anything aside from allowing the tide of “Chocolate or vanilla?” “Chicken or beef?” “Malibu or turquoise?” to go unanswered. The wedding ends up planning itself, anyway, so their participation isn’t strictly necessary.
Sherlock stands gingerly. Folds the paper, sets it aside. Approaches John on the balls of his feet. Silent, aside from the rustle of his robe. They stare at one another, John panting, his fury palpable. Leaves an acrid taste on the tip of his tongue, which he presses against the back of his teeth.
He beams.
John may or may not be finding it hard to breathe. Faces the showerhead so Sherlock won't notice how nervous he is.
“Well, you’re doubly amazing.” John drags his nose through Sherlock’s hair, across his forehead. Plants a kiss on the bridge of his nose. Then down, down, returning to Sherlock’s lips and they welcome him back with languid enthusiasm. “God, your mouth,” John continues to lavish Sherlock with compliments. “Your eyes,” he says, pulling back far enough to look into them. “You’re beautiful.”
“Please,” Sherlock snips. “He thinks we’ve been sleeping together from the start.”
“Alright. Just. Hold still, will you?” John grabs his wrist.
Sherlock hates the word subjective, too. It’s outright lazy.
Sherlock shuts his eyes. Preserving the raw twinge John leaves behind. Wavers where he kneels.
It’s not often John comes home to find Sherlock spread-eagled on the livingroom floor, shirtless. The detritus of his work is nowhere in sight and alarm bells ring shrilly in John’s ears. He drops his groceries by the door. Kneels down beside Sherlock who looks at John like a man dying of thirst would look at a tall glass of water.
It’s nice. In a
“Mmm, they’re killing each other now.”
“Yes,” John murmurs. “My thoughts exactly.”
Sherlock’s eyebrows disappear behind his fringe.
Oh, I am a horrible author. I was told to update my fic and here I am. I'll try to do better. *smooches*
has come to an end, but
“The one with the nose.”
“Since now.”
It wasn’t always easy. Painful, brutal, insults like branding irons. Never truly healing, not really. He probably shouldn’t take comfort in the fact that not a single person alive goes unscathed, but he does. He’s not the only one with battle scars.
“But you know all about me, don’t you?” Painted lips. Polished nails. Eyeliner applied with a practiced hand. She’s gutsy. Definitely a trait John would admire, along with her sizeable breasts. Mary smiles at Sherlock without humor. He can see it in her eyes. That cold, calculating look oft referred to as woman’s intuition. A lioness on the prowl. “I’ve read John’s blog. Seen the papers.” Mary sizes him up. Her assessment:
he thinks.
“Late train.”
John wakes to Sherlock muttering what sounds like numbers at random. He’s lying flat on his back with his hands pressed together against his mouth, staring at the ceiling. Chest rising and falling rhythmically. Light pollution seeps through the curtains of Sherlock’s bedroom window, a blush of oranges and reds and yellows enliven the pale expanse of his torso. He’s unashamedly naked, one leg dangling off the side of his bed and the other lost under the covers.
“Really, John? Lestrade may be incompetent, but he would suss you out in a minute.”
, John will muse years later. But at the time of their pronouncement, John does not regard Sherlock’s insult very fondly.
s. John’s prick twitches in sympathy and his breath hisses between his teeth.
Miss Haversham adjusts the lighting in the room. Extreme lights and darks, a light source study. John tries not to puke on his shoes.
Thankfully, tomorrow marks the end of the holidays and my blessed routine will no longer be interrupted by parties and family functions and social gatherings. Phew. Happy New Year, everyone!
Sherlock allows himself to be overwhelmed because John desires to overwhelm him.
“Whassit?” John slurs, stirred awake by Sherlock’s presence looming in the dark, pulsing around the edges, manic energy and flyaway hair. All the signs of a case. When Sherlock is absorbed in a new, macabre puzzle to solve, he zooms around the flat. Ricocheting off the furniture like a pinball. John hides his face in his pillow. He doesn’t want to be zoomed. “What is it?” he mumbles.
“Your
“No.”
“—Samantha is not my fault.”
The smallest amount of friction atop John’s jean clad erection and John bucks his hips. He’s forced to brace himself against the seat of his chair for extra leverage and he’s not the only one moaning at the contact. And finally, finally! Sherlock sinks into John’s lap, the full weight of his body pressing their cocks together and its. So.
Sherlock sighs audibly, “John?”
“Sort of looks like a rabbit wearing a strap-on.”
“Sherlock Holmes!” Mike exclaims. Another clap on the back. “Best stripper in the biz! According to his website!”
The door ominously says nothing in return.
Sherlock makes an objectionable noise somewhere between a moan and whimper. John tightens his grip. Sherlock’s glare can curdle milk, which explains how they manage to consume three gallons a week for Christ’s sake.
It’s the seventh of June. Mrs. Hudson’s banana popsicles glisten dazzlingly in the noonday sun.
“I don’t have a pen.”
Sherlock’s pale chest exposed to the elements. John would be forced to apply SPF 50 every hour on the hour because Sherlock wouldn’t do it because Sherlock is stupid and he would blister and die of skin cancer and then what was John supposed to do?
At home. If we’re going to suffer this humiliation, we’re going to do it in the privacy of our own rooms.”
Too soon?
“Lives are at stake,” Sherlock lies.
But no. It’s just John. Or the memory of John. Long years traversing Europe, the Americas, hunting down and destroying the vestiges of Moriarty’s crime syndicate. And it’s always when he’s alone. Lying awake in a flea-ridden motel in the middle of East Jesus Nowhere at the crack of dawn. John thrumming though his body, his mind, his heart.
Envelope unsealed, 5” x 7.5”. Card within 4” x 6”. Of course it would fall out when Mrs. Hudson collected the post. And of course she’d notice the theme. She’d have to be blind not to.
“Shhh!” John admonishes the door. “Be quiet!”
John gives him a
“Subtle how?”
“Unsanitary.”
head. Sherlock calls everything/everyone Billy he doesn’t have the energy to commit to memory, John has discovered. He feels sorry for Angelo’s busboy. He feels sorry for himself, sweating and discomfited and how in the hell is he supposed to reach for his gun? Not that he needs to. Not that he carried a loaded gun inside a classroom full of kids. But the urge to free his arms tingles at the base of his skull. Tickling, tickles. Full-body shiver he morphs into a little jig. “And take you to prison,” he sing-songs for good measure.
“You’re only ever like this after he’s paid a visit.”
Sherlock snorts. Of course he’s cooking dinner. What else could John have planned cradling a lobster in his hands, a large pot of water set to boil? Sherlock gathers the little energy he reserves for days bereft of murder and pads up behind John, his robe whipping around his calves.
John draws the back of Sherlock’s hand to his lips. Plants a kiss on his knuckles.
John doesn’t have to point out that his bed is warmer because he’s been asleep in his bed for the past three hours; Sherlock is fully aware of the inner workings of the human body, but he’s not about to argue semantics at the buttcrack of dawn. “Where’s Billy?” Sneaks a peek at Sherlock when he feels him settle on his side, the tips of his toes prodding John’s ankles. “Mrs. Hudson. Right. Just. Start at the beginning. Walk me through it.”
Can he?
“I want you.”
“I’ll die, John.”
is quite possibly the most beautiful, precious, invaluable notion John has ever known.
A continuation from the previous chapter.
John’s awful at technology so sex and food it is.
John is sure he would be amused if, you know. He wasn’t dying.
“What?” Sherlock blurts. He wonders to hear himself speak at all.
Sherlock fucking loves this man.
“Mrs. Hudson promised to keep you entertained.” John sticks his tongue between his teeth. Pokes and prods at the pad of Sherlock’s finger. “Someone once told me,” he whispers, like speaking softly will lure the sliver of wood from Sherlock’s aggrieved pinky, “that nothing is impossible. Only improbable.”
“Yes, well.” John stuffs another mozzarella stick in his mouth. “Not every relationship begins a ten.”
“I won’t scar.” John waves him off, wincing. “And what do you mean you’re dying first?”
John kisses him.
Sherlock turns over on his stomach and gazes into the kitchen. John is standing at the sink, studying a lobster. He’s making
I've been very busy with work and I'm sorry the last two chapters have been kind of short. I'll write you a surprise tomorrow.
Sherlock is not good at dating. Or dates. He finds them boring. Predictable. Tedious. Sherlock wouldn’t call himself a connoisseur, per se, but he’s disrupted enough of John’s half-arsed attempts to woo the fairer sex to have a good idea of what to expect. Dinner. A movie. Heinous.
Well. Not lost, John hopes. But definitely itinerant. It’s half one in the morning and Sherlock is staring at himself in the mirror over the fireplace. E-mails printed and taped to the mantelpiece. His eyes dart from one to another intermittently, hands pressed against his mouth. Otherwise, he doesn’t move. He hasn’t moved in so long, John begins to worry. Sherlock needs to move, if nothing else. Not because standing in one place is bad for him, necessarily, but because it is.
“Decorating.” Situates the hat to the liking. “Ole.”
), then tosses his arms over his head. Fists his hands in his hair as Def Leppard sings,
“Already deleted.”
rings in Sherlock’s ears. He wants to throw up. Wonders, abstractly, if he’ll vomit rainbows and butterflies.
Because. Reasons. They exist. Inconsequential reasons like:
Sherlock very rarely finds it necessary to assign anything capital letters, let alone italics, but there are exceptions. Like
Sherlock says/doesn’t say as John resuscitates a part of him he didn’t know he had.
Sherlock helps John to his feet. They’re behind schedule.
The story of how Sherlock's parents met is how my grandparents met. Yeah. Grandmother's a BAMF.
will contact your people…
) If his hunger reaches critical levels, John will moan like a cat in heat until Sherlock relents and carries his starving arse to the nearest vending machine.
Sherlock resents John’s remark. Very much. John knows so because Sherlock impales him with the same, cold glare he retains for occasions when John insults his website. “I know my limits very well, thanks.”
Power outage. I apologize for the delay!
God, how ordinary people must function! Caring interminably! A superior specimen though he may be, Sherlock is incapable of compartmentalizing the gratitude and admiration and sheer joy John arouses in his heart, his head, his bloody toes for all Sherlock knows. Every square inch hyperaware. Points of contact, live wires. The feedback nearly sends Sherlock over the edge. Scream with the intensity of it. Shout, bite, curse as he dissolves under the naked affection in John’s voice when he says, “Sherlock.”
. Sherlock will never admit he has a weakness for mulled wine, but John has already deduced as much. Obvious. Seeing as he’s caught Sherlock surreptitiously licking his sticky, red fingers throughout the afternoon.
John keeps making tea.
Sherlock hugs him in return.
is appropriate. Transient at first, a brief moment of acknowledgement. Then intensifying, blinding. No holds barred.
“No,” Sherlock answers. “Just me.”
No. Ugh. Plebian.
Sherlock nods. Can’t bring himself to explain how.
“Mmm, not good.”
Sherlock does not answer his phone.
at a karaoke bar in Piccadilly so Sherlock could steal a set of keys from under the bartender’s nose. Or maybe it was when John admonished Anderson in the middle of a crime scene for calling Sherlock a freak one time too many. Or maybe it was when John purchased a bottle of wine for Sherlock for his birthday:
John shucks his coat. Pulls his jumper over his head.
When he returns, eight hours later, Sherlock is standing on the couch looking incredibly bored and confused at the same time. “This game is atrocious.”
Sherlock is eating a tub of vanilla ice cream. Manny the mannequin is lying facedown in the living room floor, a horde of kitchen knives embedded in his arse. One of these things does not belong.
is appropriate. Transient at first, a brief moment of acknowledgement. Then intensifying, blinding. No holds barred.
“You’re the exception, are you?”
about tackling a case by yourself from here on out. You can die fist, but I sure as hell’ll be dying beside you.”
After an hour or two or…okay. After exactly one hour, fifteen minutes and twenty-three seconds, Sherlock leaves his room and sits opposite John at the table. The candles are still lit, burning low. The roast is marinating in its lukewarm juices, the aroma of potatoes and carrots and red wine titillating Sherlock’s sense of smell. Tickling the back of his throat.
“Yes, well. Why land on me?”
“It has eyes, John.”
FYI: I know it's Beatles, not Beetles. But Sherlock? Not so much.
He swings at Sherlock’s face, but his arm is twisted behind his back before he can land the punch, pinky finger milked to the point of breaking. John’s body hums with adrenaline, accompanying the thrum of arousal like a delicious duet. His hand is steady. His leg is strong. His cane is abandoned.
"Yes," Sherlock says slowly. "I sent you there. What's taking you so long?"
John settles for impatient. Explores Sherlock's chest, his belly as they argue semantics. Sherlock pretends not to notice, but cards his fingers through John’s hair when John nuzzles against his bare skin. Arms wrapping around Sherlock’s back. Pulling him closer.
(See the end of the chapter for
Sherlock is looking at John in much the same way, minus the underlying purr of satisfaction when he successfully concocts a feasible plan of action one way or another. Since John can’t be replaced—Sherlock will not be fooled by an imitation of John Watson, obviously—Sherlock entertains scenarios leading to either John’s abduction or his…
) He can’t go yet. What if he doesn’t wait? What if he doesn’t wait on Sherlock? Sherlock can wait. He’s good at waiting. He can be patient. He can be patient for John.
“—importance and—“
Sherlock does not consider those three years as
Someone’s calculating eye. Soft and cutting, silk and steel. Dark curls, pale face. A smirk, a turn of his head, and he’s lost in the crowd.
Sherlock drums his fingers against his chest. “Victor wants to sponsor us.”
Sherlock is intrigued. The texture of John’s tongue is altogether new to him and frankly? He likes it. He really likes it. Shoves his fingers deep in John’s mouth, explores the insides of his cheeks—gouges left from unforgiving teeth—the backs of his molars, salivary glands. John protests at first. Gags Sherlock’s name. Eventually accepts the invasive examination and returns to his work.
Sherlock can’t pinpoint when
Sherlock laments the wasted space on his hard drive. Hours worth of rubbish, he moans and groans.
Sherlock semi-wonders how long John’s been moping in his spot without notifying him that,
John smothers his face against Sherlock’s chest. He tries not to laugh.
Sherlock groans, braces his feet. “John. The disseverment of your relationship with Jessica—“
She sighed, but didn’t bother arguing.
“You’re not going to deduce what it is,” Sherlock said.
“You’re sad at having to leave him. You wanted to stay longer, but duty to Mrs. Hudson brought you back. I didn’t need to see you to know that you were happy with John, but I’m glad to see it confirmed.”
“I can barely fit a head in this tiny thing.”
“Marvelous.”
John stroked his thumb along Sherlock’s back to punctuate his point. Sherlock gasped internally at the thrill of his touch. He had never been touched this much and for this long, not since he was a small child by his mother and Mycroft before things grew strained and bitter between them.
John had vented.
He extended his hand for John to shake, which he did.
A pleased smile was Sherlock’s answer.
“You didn’t do anything wrong. Can we please talk?”
He waved his hand at the air between them, indicating the wasted seconds of unnecessary words they had just spoken.
“That maybe the world isn’t as clear-cut and plain as you think it is,” Greg said, insufferable amusement on his face.
Sherlock narrowed his eyes at John’s awkward, lowered expression.
“I suppose. I am uncertain. Yet I’m not sure that I’m experiencing anything differently, only more intensely, so I don’t think it’s likely.”
“God, Sherlock.”
Earnest words from an honest man. Usually honest. It would have to do. He didn’t have the energy to stay angry at Greg, nor did he want to. It wasn’t him who invaded Sherlock’s privacy.
“Okay. Perhaps I do have one, small complaint.”
“Yeah. Work is also annoying, but it’s going well.”
“Hm?”
John grabbed Sherlock’s wrist, turning the phone back towards him.
John raised a scoffing brow at him.
“You bought all these?”
“It was wrong.”
“Of course. I would never hold that against him. It was a bit of a shock, I admit, but a pleasing one in the end.”
John met his eyes, nervous and concerned.
“The trainers you wore yesterday. New Balance walking shoes. Good for light terrain like the one by your house. They’re no more than a year old and you clean them, but not regularly. The white base shows mud and grass stains and abrasions from walking on rocks. You only gave yourself time to put on the fastest thing that you could, so those must have been the shoes you had closest at hand. Since yesterday was your day off and you’re wearing different trainers today, cleaner ones, those are your leisure pair. The fabric and shoelaces were slightly damp, as was some mud caked at the soles. It rained in the morning, but only a drizzle, not enough to deter a determined hiker from his usual stroll.
“Please, John, there is no need to spare my feelings just because of your reasons behind this call. You can be honest with me.”
John fears the worst for this one, though, so long since the last case, but strangely, Sherlock doesn't complain once.  He has started a new series of experiments on the porosity of human fingernails and, at least to him, it is fascinating.  John, for himself, even agrees to give his own samples, as long as it keeps Sherlock happy.
Mycroft Holmes simply wants to see him.
John doesn't have time to do what he says though, because suddenly, Sherlock stops moving altogether, his eyes opening wide and is mouth shaped on a silent "o".
“What is he doing?” Sherlock asks, exasperated.
The first series of pushes doesn’t move the head.  Sherlock seems unaffected by it.  He asks John to help him widen his stance a bit more, and to push down on his belly during the next contraction.  It is a good idea.  John is actually a bit ashamed not to have thought of it.  He warns Sherlock, though.
"You are such a hopeless romantic," Sherlock says.
John's hand freezes on Sherlock's back and his languorous chain of thoughts comes to a halt when he remembers the almost violent twist of arousal he had felt when he came into contact with the self-lubrication fluids of a carrier.
Overall, a hellish day alright.
John kisses him, softly, catching just the corner of his mouth.  "I don't know, love.  I thought it was easier for you, since you are actually carrying her."
Very bad.
"Are you deaf?  Or do you just like making me repeat myself?" John can't help but quote Sherlock to himself.  He earns an eye roll in return, and this is good, this is normal.
“John.”
"I brought you clothes, and your ugly bathrobe, and some books too."
"You're going to fall asleep on me, aren't you?"
"He's extraordinary," John murmurs, failing at keeping a safe emotional distance.
He lays the baby in between Sherlock legs and rubs her little body, then her face once again.  She’s opening his mouth, her small chest expanding.  John bends down and put his mouth over her nose, sucking forcefully.  His spit the secretions on a towel just as the newborn’s arms jerk open, and then she takes a long, hiccupping breath.
Sherlock gives him an annoyed look.  "How can you?  I barely make sense.  See, this, this is the problem when it comes down to sentiment... It's all... vague and... based on impressions... Nothing is ever certain, or clear. "
"I was... Sometimes, I believed she was right.  I never knew her father: what if he really was the monster she described, what if I exposed her by having her admitted to a mental facility against her will... It..."
"Sherlock, I won't last long," John warns, taking a handful of hair and tugging to get Sherlock's mouth in kissing range.
The image is remarkably clear, but still, Sage’s tiny nose is barely little more than a white spot.  Even if he squints until his eyes crossed, he doesn't see any resemblance.
Sherlock looks straight at John, and there is no frenzy or impatience in his eyes.  He's sincere.  It might not please him, but he is.
"Well, two things could happen.  One, your body will take care of it by itself, while you sleep, reminding you of the awkward wet dreams of your teenager self."
“Contraction?”
It is the first thing Sherlock says when John is done with the presentation.  Stephen Beeks, a middle-aged man with soft features and huge, sad eyes, nods, showing no surprise, fear or shock.  Nothing.  It is clear he knows who they are, because he steps to the side and lets them in, asking them to be quiet since he's just put his baby daughter to bed.
“I had to,” Sherlock replies, managing to look disdainful despite his bleeding nose and wet curls.  “You weren’t breathing.”
"Yeah, that's what I meant. My god, we aren't ready.  I mean, Sherlock, have you ever held a baby in your arms?
"Yes, love?"
So sensitive.  John wonders if he is responsible for it, and to which level.  After tonight, especially, the question is one to be explored.  The chemistry between them when they first met had established the basis of their relationship very early on, and it had only become  more entrenched  after they fell in love.  John had remained the protector and the caretaker, not only for Sherlock's mind but also for his heart.  Sherlock's love for him is so absolute, and his trust isn't based on anything logical,   If John had evil intentions, he could play Sherlock like an instrument.
Beeks sights.  His lips are reduced to a thin white line, his eyes still staring at his daughter's room door.
John's shoulder starts to hurt, which gives him an approximation of the time.  When he's uncomfortable and doesn't move, it takes around ten minutes before he begins to feel the cramp in his damage muscle.  When someone you love suffers, time loses its meaning, and each minute feels like a day, so it reassures John, knowing they've not been at it for as long as it seems.
"Yes?"
before asking: "How long has he been gone?"
"Yes, I'm here, it's ok, it's not a big deal," John says reassuringly.  "Can you sit down?  Sherlock, do you understand what I'm-"
God.  Is Sherlock really pregnant?
"What is that supposed to mean?"
"John, stop, you are going to-"
John finds he has trouble breathing.  Good god, how ridiculous is this? It is like he has just learned about Sherlock's pregnancy.  He swallows, hard, tries to calm himself down.
"You are a deplorable specimen of humanity," Sherlock spits.
"Sherlock.  I think it is a great idea."
"Do not touch me, you barely know what you are doing!  How many times have you had to pass your final exam before getting it right?  Three?" Sherlock squints at him.  "No.  Four.  Get away from me you moron."
... I... I mean, I can't pinpoint what it is exactly that is different...mmm..."
"As you often say about me, you are adorable."
John didn't want to interrupt.  He didn't.  Except he has noticed Sherlock's word flow rising up a notch, and the way he drums on his thigh with the fingers of one hand -the other is busy squeezing the sage stem so hard his knuckles are white- are a sure sign he's getting nervous.
"I don't know if what I read on Chambers' face was surprise or distrust. The glasses, plus the grimaces, they make reading him difficult."
And this behaviour isn't necessary, the Work be damned.  It makes John wonder how bad things had been in his childhood, because that has to be it - a defence mechanism against bullying and isolation.  Or is it something else entirely, something John has yet to understand about him, which could be possible.  He sometimes wonders if a lifetime is enough to get to know Sherlock completely.
Sherlock stares at John for several long seconds.  Then, he smiles.  A true, wide smile. "Oh, John, you are ridiculous."
"Sherlock, we've had our fun.  And by the way, the fact that our idea of fun is robbing your brother of hundreds of pounds is worrying me.  Anyway, this is our daughter, I would very much prefer if we use our money and share the costs."
Charles Chambers (what an ugly name, what are parents thinking when naming their child, really), their male suspect, is a young professional full of ticks with glasses making his eyes look twice as big as they really are.  He is supposed to meet Claire Green - late twenties, adept at too much make-up and clothes two sizes smaller than she should wear - his accomplice, tonight.  That is, if Sherlock has successfully deciphered the traces of a pen on a notepad where the original message had been written.
He smiles at John, that insecure smile he reserves for everything regarding his pregnancy, as if he still has a hard time believing he can allow himself to feel joy, and wonder; as if those emotions are somehow forbidden to him, as they are the opposite of his sarcastic, hardly-ever-impressed self.
"There is still time," Sherlock murmurs, his speech slowing down, a sure sign he's about to fall asleep.
"So you're imagining me old being toothless?  I'll have you know I take great care of my oral hygiene."
"Shit," John murmurs, already up and walking to the entry, sliding his feet into his shoes without unlacing them.  Sarah appears in the hallway, wearing her pj's and rubbing her eyes.
John sighs in contentment.  Everything he feels right now brings him pretty damn close to happiness.  Sherlock being a carrier stays at the back of his mind, though.  If John did imagine himself as a father when he thought the key of his happiness was the whole wife-kids-house-in-the-suburbs package, the idea had slowly but surely lost its appeal when he began living with Sherlock.
He takes John's hand, and John makes a tremendous effort to relax.  He hadn't even noticed he had become angry.  Funny, how Sherlock is the one always insisting he doesn't
"You cannot be certain."
In the cab, Sherlock cannot stop talking.  It is nervousness still, but the good kind.  Even if he is freed from his bed rest, he needs to be careful, and Amy has been very specific regarding what he can and cannot do.  She's used to Sherlock by now and knows how reassuring detailed facts are for him.
Sherlock sighs but nods, turning the bedside lamp on while John lowers the sheet. Sherlock gets rid of his pants, parts his legs and tenses all over when John's hand gets close.
"And...?" Sherlock asks, suspicious.
"I was wondering if you would be kind enough to offer me a glass of water," he asks politely.
John Watson falls asleep, relaxed and content, despite having barely escaped a horrible death just a few hours earlier.  Sherlock's presence is enough.  He feels it, drifting and weaving, all around him, in his head and in his heart.
"They were."
The address was three street corners away from
"Yes, a simple civic ceremony, no fuss, just a couple of guests, or would you prefer the whole church religious experience?"
Since they’ve been back at the cottage, the time between contractions has gone from six to four minutes.  They are getting longer too –the last couple of ones lasted more than sixty seconds.
John nods.  He isn’t sure crouching is the best position to-
John knows Sherlock well enough to detect a hint of distress in his usual sarcastic voice.  He can also see it in his eyes, a glimpse of uncertainty, and pain.
"He's not using, John."
John blinks at the masked man bent over him, realising that the dream has been fading for some time (time?) and reality is slowly but surely clicking back into place. He is glad a general anaesthesia wasn't required - when you know you've once more stood on the thin line separating the dead from the living, you prefer not to be put to sleep.  "Mmh," he rasps under the oxygen mask, annoyed that it seems to make breathing more difficult.
"God... What about you?  Have you gotten any sleep?"
“John, I...”
Sherlock stares at him with fondness, an expression John rarely sees, and always directed at him.  He supposes from now on, he’ll have to share itwith their daughter.
"What?"
"I get that, but you're still sick, you're pregnant, and you fainted."
"I hate this case.  I cannot wait for it to be over."
"Have you found a competent androcologist yet?  I would suggest-"
The paramedic, a buff little guy who seems to think the uniform he wears makes him all powerful and unquestionable, doesn't take the insult well.  He tries to get Sherlock's arm back, even though his colleague, an older woman with a Latino complexion, tries to intervene.
Sherlock follows obediently.
John is up and kneeling near him in a second, ignoring Sherlock's horrified expression.
?" He adds, pronouncing the last word as if it is a strange, unpleasant noise, just to make sure John understand he is only being polite.
"Yeah that's what I thought," Lestrade says.  "Sherlock?"
"Look at me," John asks.
“Ok, well, at least it’s daytime. It will get clearer soon.”
They alternate between the cold cases and watching telly, playing board games - even Cluedo makes a come-back – and generally chatting.  John has discovered that, if Sherlock is in good spirits, and John seems sincerely interested, he can speak of a subject he's passionate about for more hours, as if his knowledge really is endless.  He does have a certain talent for telling tales, when he drops his usual condescending attitude he adopts when he needs to teach others.  Who can blame him, really, given that it happens mostly with police officers, ready to doubt him from the start.
"It's alright," Sherlock cuts him off curtly. "I am indeed pregnant, there is no problem in Angie stating a fact."
"... It remains up for debate."
"I hid it in on the top shelf of your side of the wardrobe."
"You could have told me."
"Is he ok?  Where is he? Did you-"
Nevertheless, Sherlock has had enough of hanging around the flat doing nothing.  Sherlock being impatient and cranky means John is as well, because there is nothing Sherlock likes more than spreading his misery around him like a virus.  John had foreseen it, though, and had beforehand negotiated four  complete days of rest.  Although he's frustrated and restless, John knows Sherlock will respect his demand.  He has made sure of it.
"Then why are we fighting?"
John jerks awake, fighting a pressure on his chest, trying to sit up.
"Not on this side.  Come on.  Trust me, I'm a doctor."
Sherlock has the time to punch John's shoulder and give him another affronted look before they enter the building.  "Do not call me your good boy in public.  You know the er... effect it has on me."
They were both in need of one, after the case -John doesn't think Sherlock has cleaned himself in the past three days, too busy thinking and deducing; too dedicated, as always, to his work.  And after all the crying and the drama, it seems that the cleaning they need isn't only physical, but mental as well.
"So," John asks, neutral and patient, because Sherlock doesn't need to work himself up any more.  "What are you going to do?"
And John has the loveliest view as Sherlock grabs a pad on his desk and bends down to scribble some notes.  He wishes he was thirty again, so that he could take him right there and then, for sloppy seconds.
"They are different," John explains while Sherlock bends his head, his chin resting on his chest.
"There is a white pyjama with a delicate thread, flowery patterns.  It is my favourite."
"Well, if you have a couple of hours..."
There is no way they won't collide.  And then, John understands what is going through her mind, and he tries to brace himself, looking frenetically for the knife, the damn knife where did she put it-
John is impressed, and at the same time, hit by the incredible sadness of this case.  He loses himself in his own thoughts as their cab grinds to a halt in the traffic.  It is Sherlock who speaks next.
John takes off the remainder of his clothes, cannot wait anymore, he's so hard it hurts, and so in love he might start uttering some poetry about the perfection of Sherlock's body and the singularity of his incredible brain.
And maybe Sherlock is not only brilliant but a bloody mind reader because at this exact moment, he speaks, just loud enough for  John to hear him.
“For going into labour, giving birth.”
John can see it in Sherlock's eyes, although he tries to hide it, that is he is as upset as John by his nervous breakdown.
.  Is it too soon? What is the damn etiquette for a love declaration?... John has always been more of a one-night/friends with benefits kind of guy.
Sherlock shivers. "I think you might be getting there."
"What?"  He asks, breathless.  He lifts his head long enough to nip at Sherlock's neck.  That beautiful, creamy neck he's been staring at for so long.
"I love you so much, Sherlock," John whispers into the pale blue reflecting Sherlock's soul.
John tries to fight the lump swelling in his throat.
Sherlock turns away from his mother and walks past John without even casting him a look.  John doesn't try to hold him back, just watches him disappear inside. He supposes the pregnancy surprise is more or less ruined by now, anyway.  He might have underestimated how sick Sherlock actually looks.  It's always like this, with the people you see every day.  Any change that is gradual goes unnoticed because you don't have the necessary detachment.
Sherlock nods and pushes once more, shouting through the pain, his features contorted and shaking.  John twists himself to reach with both hands and grab the head.  Tilting his head, he sees it, the scrunched up, bluish face covered in vernix, the frontal fontanel pulsing, covered in a few hairs, curling.  Sherlock is pushing still, and it’s going too fast.
“We broke up forever ago. She also thinks you’re an arrogant prick that spends far too much money on—“ John shrugs. “—fucking cashmere socks.”
John wants to rip that damned shirt off of Sherlock’s body. He wants to touch him. From sternum to pelvis, from hip to hip. He wants to be the reason Sherlock is gasping, wants to make him gasp for real, not just for show.
While John searches his mind for applicable synonyms, Sherlock advances. Grabs John by his waist. Angles him against the shower wall. And then maneuvers beneath the water, sighing audibly. Twists the knob, boiling hot. "Mmm," he approves. Then, "My back, John."
Sherlock is silent. The music is sweet. The movement of their bodies even sweeter. Barely. Going nowhere. John doesn’t mind. And neither, apparently, does Sherlock. He trails his fingers up, down John’s jumper. Feels him there with him. Always with him. Sherlock rests his forehead against John’s. They rock in tandem, breathe in tandem. “What are we doing, John?” Sherlock asks again.
Sherlock smirks. He loves it when John asserts his authority.
He can see Sherlock out of the corner of his eye. From the couch to the coffee table. To the pillow. He perches one foot on the arm of John’s chair and John doesn’t think he’s actually going to climb across his lap, but who is he kidding?
If ten is presumptuous, then nine. Nine is a good number.
Sherlock hangs his head, bracing himself against the mantle. An array of crime scene photographs are taped to the mirror and Sherlock, for the life of him, can’t make heads or tails of the killer’s incentive. The murders are gallingly random and nothing connects the victims aside from what John inanely refers to as
Hi, everyone! I apologize for the slow-going. I've started doing art commissions on
John supersedes his predecessors, too. Sherlock has known a few companions in his lifetime, some of which more invigorating than others. (In every sense of the word.) Stimulants, appetite suppressants, anesthetics. Anything and everything to tame the pandemonium inside his head. To gag the ghosts of his past, peeling their vitriolic accusations from the synarthrodial joints of his neurocranium. John, though. John looks at Sherlock and his consummate loyalty needles his veins. Hot. Potent. Incredibly addicting. Washing away his insecurities, his reservations.
“You’ve used all the hot water and you’re pruning.”
“Nevermind. Forget I said anything.”
Leaping fences, picking locks. Panting, jogging, dodging paparazzi and stifling their laughter. Sherlock leads them to an underground parking garage that may or may not have been the scene of John’s first encounter with Mycroft. A nondescript Sedan and an equally nondescript Molly Hooper are waiting for them.
“He’s one hundred years old or something.”
Well. In for a penny, in for a pound.
As for love?
John approaches Sherlock from behind, somber and a little concerned. It probably shouldn’t bother him, but it does. John wonders, some days, if Sherlock will visit his mind palace and never come back. He touches Sherlock’s arm. Doesn’t expect Sherlock to acknowledge him. Honestly surprises John when Sherlock turns, seeking him out like a flower bending toward sunlight. John rests his hand on Sherlock’s waist. Sways with him, hums a little under his breath.
John truly believes tonight is the night of the second coming. Did Sherlock just…?
gay. You're aware that you have never asked me the question, aren't you?"
“Did, you just call me hot?” John giggled, that beautiful silver giggle that sparkled in Sherlock’s heart. Sherlock blushed, even though he knew that John couldn’t be talking to him, would be talking to one of the dull, moronic idiots who fancied themselves as the next doctor’s wife.
“John? Are you ok?” Sherlock’s voice deep and melodic thrummed through John.
Sherlock smirked.  “John.”  He stuttered for a moment, his breath halting.  “John ...”
. I said no. I told you I was married to my work. I never misled you."
Mrs Hudson sat happily, eating mince pies and drinking sherry whilst sharing stories about ‘her boys’ with Mr and Mrs Holmes. The children crashed following a sugar high whilst watching ‘The Snowman’ on the huge TV that had appeared unexpectedly on Christmas Eve morning.
John then held out a hand to Sherlock.
“Do it again”
Mycroft smiled. “Welcome to our parents’ home, John.  Please come in, you are the first here. Let’s get this door closed. Mother and father are in the drawing room, when you are ready.”
“Sherlock, this might be a moot point now, but I needed to tell you how much I loved you, and how much I wanted to kiss you”
With that Johns parents departed into the lounge. Leaving John and Sherlock standing together looking at each other in confusion. “I was so sure they would hate me Sherlock. They, they like you, they don’t care that we are together.”
“A-hem…. Can I have your attention everyone…. Can we please just all take a glass of champagne from the tray…. I, think….” He stopped momentarily, looking at Sherlock, who nodded almost imperceptibly… “Well, I think Dr Watson and my brother have an announcement to make.”
John? You don’t know who Alan Turing was? He was a genius! Turing was one of the best mathematicians who ever lived. He had a large part to play in breaking the Enigma code in the Second World War. He was unfortunately imprisoned for his sexuality, back in the day. He couldn’t cope and committed suicide. So, it seemed sensible that - given all the similarities - I should choose to attire myself as him tonight..."
Once again Angelo moved forward to take them both into a crushing hug but John, ready this time, managed to side step so Sherlock got the all-encompassing hug, whilst Angelo managed only to grab Johns elbow patting and thanking them for the custom.
Sherlock bowed his head slightly, reducing the distance between his head and John’s. “John, what is it? Are you ill?”
“Twas the night before Christmas, when all thro’ the house,
As Sherlock’s mind wandered, John studied him. Wondering what he was thinking, he had once called Sherlock a machine, ughh, God, even the thought of that comment now made him feel nauseous. He knew now that Sherlock, wasn’t only not a cold and uncaring automaton, but he was probably one of the most sensitive people he knew. John now knew that he hid that sensitivity to protect himself from the pain and rejection he had felt throughout his life and felt privileged to be one of the few people other than Rosie to see this gently, nurturing side of Sherlock.
The time Sherlock had spent after ‘the fall’, had made been made bearable only by the fact that John was safe.  That even though John believed him dead, Sherlock was keeping him safe.  In the darkest moments, when each breath felt like an inhalation of glass splinters, the sunlight soothed him when he imagined John’s face.  He, Sherlock Holmes, detached, cold and untouchable, allowed himself to feel.  He allowed the butterflies in his stomach, to unfurl their wings when thinking of John’s eyes, allowed them to flutter lightly, over the pain of the red hot searing flesh, flesh that had been beaten and broken by his captors.
Sherlock looked at John, wondering if he had bumped his head when he had visited the lavatory.
In the early light of the next day, Sherlock roused from his half sleep to hear John mumbling.  He sat up straight to catch what John was asking for, but then realised that delirium had John in its grasp and that the words were nonsensical, a babble of disjointed syllables and sounds – at first.
John and he had settled into a routine. It had not been easy, at all to begin with. Firstly, he had to learn the A-Z of baby care. He himself had never been nurtured as a child, and yet, when Rosie was in his arms or on his lap. His intuition just seemed to take over. He was sure he appeared odd to those who didn’t know him well. Singing the period table song to the tune of Offenbach’s Can-Can, reduced her and John to fits of giggles, but must have raised an eyebrow from those who were more accustomed to‘Baa Baa black sheep’. He changed nappies, with a scientific mind, automatically cataloguing stool and urine colour and odour in comparison to what Rosie had eaten. He comforted her from sleep terrors playing Brahms lullaby, and he stimulated her mind by telling her scientific facts.
Sherlock straightened up to his full height - he towered over John. He took a deep breath.
John felt suddenly a little self-conscious. He had showered with extra care, shaved with more precision than usual before dressing in a pair of his favourite jeans and V neck jumper. He felt like he was going to an interview, a meeting where he might be studied furiously, where each micro emotion might be observed. He felt silly, this was Sherlock. He would take it in his stride.
He looked at John’s body, trying to keep his head steady. Kneeling brought him out at waist height - only a slight downward glance gave him a good view of John's erection, heaving at the combat trousers. His mind swam as hormones surged from his brain to cock, a circle only broken by John’s next order.
John pulled his chin up, forcing himself to look at his dad, then his mum, they in turn just looked at him.
Life had been good at Baker street since John had come back home.
"You're gorgeous," John murmured. "I want to see you come… come
“Erm, to be honest, this,” his hands waved over the books about spirituality and wiccan, “it’s all new to me, I was just erm, looking at dreams and …. Well yeah” John grimaced over his inability to be able to have a halfway intelligent conversation with this woman.
Deftly he undid the belt, easing the buckle free but leaving the rest of the belt in place. He then turned his attention to the trouser fasteners, and within moments had access to John’s cock through his pants. Sherlock gasped as he saw the large bulge straining at the stretchy fabric.
John welcomed his parenting, never questioning him. Always accepting of his decisions and Sherlock was of his. When John had moved into 221b with Rosie, there had been some concern for Rosie’s safety. Both he and Sherlock had made many enemies over the years, and neither could bear the thought of Rosie becoming a pawn in some kidnap plan. Therefore Sherlock and John had hired two highly trained nannies who rotated shifts, they came in, when Sherlock and John were on cases. During cases, one or the other of the nannies stayed in the newly renovated 221C, tending to Rosie who was so easy to love. Both Sherlock and John had realised early on that as best friends they would co-parent Rosie, but they understood that at the heart of their beings, they both needed to work, to be out there, in danger, to solve cases, it was who they were. If John was to have stayed home with Rosie, it would have changed him, and neither he or Sherlock wanted this. So, like many parents, they both worked. They were just lucky enough (thanks to Mycroft) to have highly trained assassin nannies at their disposal. It had been hard to begin with, allowing someone else to share the parenting roles. But both he and John had known how necessary it was. Of course, Sherlock had insisted before they began, that both nannies educated themselves with a 20-page dossier of Rosie facts. A dossier he had put together to ensure that the parenting between John, himself and the nannies would be as seamless as possible. Yes, life was good.
Sherlock froze, shock ripping through him. What? John was imagining him? John loved… him? Sherlock frantically cast his mind back over the last few weeks; the times where John has smiled nervously when Sherlock had glanced over and saw him watching, the way that John had lent in close when looking at Sherlock’s laptop over his shoulder, the brush of a hand over back as he passed Sherlock.
The polished wood glinted in the muted light of the chandelier fixed high above, the crystals throwing fractal patterns on the ceiling and cream coloured walls. Dust motes dancing within air caught in the spotlight momentarily until their orbit plunged them back into obscurity. The green of the potted plants seated firmly against the balcony rail seemed at odds with the austere rich chestnut of the staircase. And the red and green patterned carpet made him think that someone had vomited Christmas over the stairwell.
John’s heart plummeted. This was an odd night. Here they were, standing outside their home, the taxi waiting patiently as the fare trundled upwards minute by minute. One minute, everything had been fine - and now, not only was Sherlock
John, gaped not quite willing to acknowledge that he didn’t even know what the summer solstice was and therefore didn’t know whether he should be celebrating it, or how he would do such a thing.
Chapter2.
“It’s after twelve, Sherlock, it’s the solstice today!” John was giddy, now able to speak but not realizing that he sounded like a child who had indulged in too many blue coloured candies.
John smirked as he read the email from Sherlock.
He unravelled his legs slightly, then stretched each in turn. He felt like he had been sitting for hours. He was becoming increasingly bored, waiting, excited but also apprehensive. Visitors to this place had always brought memories rather forgotten.
And that’s how it had happened: Christmas at Headingly, far from the dusty, quiet, dull house of his childhood Christmases. This year the house would be literally filled with noise and Christmas cheer.
The barked last work toppled Sherlock over the edge into a heady vortex of light and sensation. His body convulsed with orgasm - his come spilled out in short bursts over John's fist and his own shirt.
It had been a while for John - but his hand instinctively knew what to do. The long thrusts from tip to base became quicker in time with Sherlock's gasps and breaths.
“Come on, we need to see our daughter,” John said. Oh, and we have an announcement to make!”
Sherlock doesn’t appear to understand, as evidenced by the crease between his eyes John sometimes-but-not-really lovingly refers to as his
Sherlock pads closer, abandoning his microscope. Something more interesting has caught his attention. Grey hairs, in particular. Reaches out to touch, leans in to smell. To taste. Kisses the back of John’s head.
Sherlock scoffs. Has he considered the repercussions? Ha! He’s considered and reconsidered to the point of razing his Mind Palace to the illusory ground, insecurity imbued with hesitation and inexperience.
They kiss. Lips brushing tentatively. John’s hands slide under Sherlock’s coat and pull him flush against his chest and, ah. Sherlock is hot. Fervent signals from his brain to the capillaries widening in his cheeks, flooding his face with heat. Cascading down and further down, pooling tender in the pit of his stomach. He. He wants to—he. Sherlock gasps. He can’t think. Scrambles to gather his thoughts; the trifles he needed to examine more closely are swelling beneath his feet. Crawling up his legs like ants and he should cup John’s face in his hands, shouldn’t he? Adjust the angle? There?
Sherlock says, “No.”
“Suit me for what?” John asks softly.
So, yes. Now. It ends now.
John plays music. He discovered that while Sherlock’s mind is hazardously occupied thinking on a level that would incapacitate mere mortals, his body—declining to respond to stimuli like touch or smell—is vulnerable to instrumental sound. It isn’t much, granted, but it’s something. John composed a CD of orchestral pieces, mostly strings. He stashes copies in his bedside table for just such an occasion.
