Tony’s smirk, almost devilish in its unadulterated sensuality. Tony’s hands, his rough fingers flying over the keyboard, fast, so fast Steve’s eyes almost couldn’t keep up. A glass of whiskey next to the screen, almost empty.
Tony nods, but he still looks uncertain.
“That’s something you must discuss with him. I can’t keep him and his friends in Wakanda any longer. I don’t want them there. My people don’t want them there.”
Tony nods.
Steve comes, the knot swells, and that’s it. They’re locked together. Standing up. Against a fucking door.
“Do you think... do you think we make each other better?”
“Call me when you get back. Maybe we can set up a double date or something.”
“Mmh—”
“Tony—”
“I kept a secret from Dad. A big secret. It was about Uncle Bucky and... Dad got mad at me and Uncle Bucky, so I—”
“‘Course. Here,” Steve says, grabbing Tony’s hand tight. His fingertips brush the silver band at Tony’s wrist.
“What is going on here?”
“You still do that. With the philanthropy. The charities.”
“I know I don’t deserve it. Not after what I did. My apologies aren’t enough, they’ll never be. But this is all I’ve got. I love you. I’m sorry. I love you. It’s all I’ve got.”
And Tony, with his reluctant smiles and his simple clothes and the inconsistency of his silk robe and all his scars—the ones on the outside of him, that he wears in spite of shame and self-loathing, and those inside him, that he bears with courage and patience.
“Open your mouth,” Tony says.
“Riri. I remember. What—”
“Don’t worry, the tree is mine.”
Tony groans and swallows and tightens his jaw instead of relaxing, instead of easing Steve’s way in. All he wants to do is scream.
He wants to ask,
Steve takes a deep breath, steps out of the car as slowly as possible. Tony looks at him for the first time.
Tony kisses him, and he licks into Steve’s mouth without shame.
Great, now Steve’s miserable. Perfect, that’s just perfect.
Mom cried that day, Tony remembers because he had never seen Mom cry before, and he didn’t want to see it again. It scared him.
“I’m sleep deprived.”
The words are like flames on Tony’s skin, and like a soothing balm at the same time. He’s so ashamed. All of him, every single thing that makes him who he is, every embarrassing detail, every horrific secret—it’s all out in the open for Steve to watch and examine. Nothing is hidden.
“Sure thing, hon,” he replies with a wink.
“You are, though.”
“You can try.”
“Tony—”
“I don’t know…”
“There’s a first aid kit under the sink. Come on.”
They visit more churches in the afternoon, but they can’t go inside one because restoration is underway. They go to Galleria degli Uffizi, where Steve spends way too much time looking at paintings, and then they go to Galleria dell’Accademia, where Steve spends way too much time looking at sculptures.
It happens in less than a second. If anyone will ask Tony to tell them how this went, he won’t be able to say. One moment he was standing there, close to the side of the bed. A moment later he thinks that he’s grateful for the high quality of the carpet in his room, since he’s being shoved face-first into it by the heavy, naked, sweaty body of his Alpha.
“Less than I thought I’d be this morning. Just a bit of a headache.”
“Like crazy. But I think talking did him good.”
What. Is. Happening.
Tony takes two of Steve’s fingers in his hand. It’s so weird how big his hands are now. They’re shaped differently than Tony’s—Tony’s fingers are thick and rough, full of calluses and scars; Steve’s are lean and elegant, the skin fair and unblemished—but their relative dimension is… it’s almost comical.
Tony thinks about it. “I don’t know, Steve. Maybe it would’ve hurt more, in the end. Maybe not, maybe I wouldn’t have punched you. Maybe you would’ve told me about my parents and we would’ve laughed in Zemo’s face. I don’t know.”
“Can’t believe this headass is making a comeback, of all people.”
Tony said he cares about him. He said it yesterday. But did he mean it the way Steve does?
“Different. Different, from some other species, or world, or—” Big gulps of air but Tony feels like he’s drowning. “I feel him close, I feel him so close.”
, I think, absurdly.
He turns to look at Steve, and Steve moves to face him while his hand slides over Tony’s shoulder, up against his neck. He caresses Tony’s jaw with his thumb.
When Tony is about to stand, Steve says, “I really am sorry. I don’t know how… I’ll keep saying it until you believe me.” He stares at the crumbs on his plate.
No, no. There was no respect. For the man, Tony was just a thing. A hole to be used and thrown away. Not a person. Not someone. A doll. A thing. A warm, hollow body to fill up with his violence. Something you—
Steve asks himself, not for the first time, what if they weren’t like this.
Tony helps him wear a t-shirt. Then, he tries to put sweatpants on Steve, and that’s when Steve realizes that there’s something wrong with his penis.
“The first thing that comes to mind is that it was made of wood and burned down. Not uncommon, back then.”
But it gave the idea to the others. Why wait when there’s another hole to be filled.
Steve showers and dresses in barely three minutes.
“What’d he say?”
Tony looks into Steve’s eyes for a very long time, until Steve feels a blush creep up from his chest to his neck.
“I figured you prefer the other way.”
“Good point.”
“Yeah?”
Steve lifts his head. His face is wet from his nose to his chin, and he feels smug about it, but he blushes too, just a little, because Tony looks at him like he wants to kiss him and lick his mouth clean and that’s—
The trick works even faster than he thought. No Alpha in the middle of a rut can resist the image of their Omega walking away from them. It’s just not a thing they can do, no matter how nice they are.
He lowers his head, rests his forehead against Steve’s like they’ve done many times in the past few days.
“But you don’t think so.”
“Also I wanted...” Steve can’t continue for a moment. He looks nervous again, like this is a test or something. He reaches into his pocket. “I wanted to give you this. Maria, I mean. I wanted to give Maria this.”
“Nah. Doesn't matter.”
“I like it. When you call me—”
Tony had stopped paying attention for a second and all of a sudden, just like that, he was Steve Rogers’ boyfriend.
, that’s just not fair. The fact that Steve probably is the one out of scale does register, but it’s easy to discard after decades of perfecting the fine art of self-loathing.
“Let’s,” Steve says, and Tony kisses him again.
I’ve lost my powers. It happened pretty much immediately after I got here. I don’t know why.
“I will,” Steve says.
“Just… Just now!”
So yeah, Steve feels like shit. Steve feels like shit in the deserted gym and the attached showers multiple times, he feels like shit on his couch and on Tony’s couch, in Tony’s penthouse against the glass wall (
“Ah, here they are!” Stella cheers, taking a small box from inside the bigger one. She opens it to take out old pictures, in black and white, little in dimension. Tony sees Steve perk up at the sight.
“I’m so sorry we made you feel like that, baby,” Tony says. “But it’s really not your fault. We love you, and you got caught into this fight between Dad and me, but it’s not your fault and you weren’t supposed to do anything to make it better for us. That’s not your job. Dad and I, we should’ve talked sooner. That’s on us. On me.”
“Because it’s true. I’m sorry. Please don’t be mad at me?”
“Steve—”
“Yes! The ties! They’re beautiful and I want to get married to all of them!” His eyes dance from one shelf to the other, all those incredible colors... “Oh my god, I love that one!” he says, and Steve comes closer to see which tie Tony is pointing at. “The blue one with the little kitties! I want it!”
“But… Andy’s moms aren’t together anymore and he smells just fine.”
“And for future reference—”
But then he doesn’t think anything else, because Tony—Tony who flinched away from Steve’s arms just that afternoon, Tony who didn’t want Steve to touch him at all until a few days ago, Tony who couldn’t even speak to Steve a week ago, Tony who Steve has hurt beyond the forgivable—Tony hugs Steve.
And he has Steve.
“He’s just going to have to deal with our dirty jokes…”
“I know,” replies Steve, while he rinses the glass and adjusts it on the dish rack to dry.
It was too enthralling. How he talked, fast, the speed of light. His arms stretched up to reach into the machinery he was working on, the dirt on his hands, under his fingernails. His body changed over the years. Maybe he thought I hadn’t noticed.
“Tony, holy shit, are you alright?”
Tony walks away from the staircase, deep inside the mountain, across different caves connected by tunnels. The ground is dry now.
She places a necklace on the table in front of Tony. He reaches inside his shirt, unclasps his own and places it next to Stella’s.
Tony.
“That you’re not a historian, maybe? That you have no idea how to do academic research?”
Steve’s thrusts become irregular in a smooth progression. He slams his hips hard against Tony’s ass, fucking him into the mat on the floor, a hand to hold himself up and the other around the back of Tony’s neck, pressing him down, keeping him still. Tony tries to squash down the idea before it’s even born in his mind; he tries to resist the temptation, but he’s always liked to play with fire more than it was advisable, and if Steve gets to play his little game, then Tony is gonna get his fix too, risk be damned. It’s not like this isn’t fucked up beyond belief already, what’s a bit more gonna change? So he tries to get up, propping himself on his elbow and lifting his chest, as though he wants to change position, decide. He’s successful for a single second, then Steve mutters, “Down,” and pushes him back against the floor, harder than before, hand moving to the space between Tony’s shoulder blades. Tony waits until Steve releases him to try again. He lasts more this time, Steve probably so stunned by the challenge that his reflexes are a fraction slower than the first round. Again a hand at the center of Tony’s back, a growled “Enough,” that makes Tony huff out a laugh, then Steve’s hand sliding up again, resting at the nape of Tony’s neck, Steve’s fingers in his hair.
, Natasha?" Steve demanded. "What do you want me to say? That I fucked up? That I got compromised? I'm a ninety-five year old virgin who’s still coming to terms with the fact that he isn't fucking dead and that I've fallen for Tony fucking Stark- who hates me- because fate has a grim sense of humor?"
. At the time he'd been flattered by the attention, he hadn't known how to respond to it. But looking back now he was almost offended by it. They hadn't wanted him, they'd wanted his body.
Tony whipped around, teeth bared.  "
Donner was visibly nervous by the time they'd passed through the lobby and into the hotel lift. Chantelle squeezed his cheek with one hand. "Just be your nice, cutesy self and we'll be fine, Donnie."
"Tony," Steve sighed as he appeared before the other, surrounded by women and various other famous and beautiful people Steve should recognise but didn't. "Remember what Pepper said."
He didn't know if he trusted Natasha.  But his only other option at the moment was Fury.  So he didn't really have a choice.  "...take us to a conference room or something," he demanded.  He fought the urge to ask her when she and Steve had talked about bonding, what they had said.  There would be time for that later.  He wanted to sit Steve down and help him regain control before the inevitable interrogation started.  Tony was reminded, vaguely, of Monaco, how many people had attacked him with a barrage of questions when he'd been fighting for his life only minutes earlier.
Although Judy had made it sound like a suggestion, it was clear she was commanding Steve to go back to base camp.  Steve hadn't eaten since five AM, over ten hours ago, and she personally escorted him back down the long, dusty road to the camp, where it was bustling with activity.
He snapped awake.
"What are you making?" Steve asked, curious and hopeful for an answer.
"I'm not drinking that much.  JARVIS, how much chlorophyll--" began Tony.
Cupid and Athena both looked confused by the question.
"That's...that's quite something," Steve breathed as he slowly moved to take a seat on one of the stripped sofas opposite.
"You don't even know him yet. At least give him a chance," Steve sighed. "Be fair."
"Steve--"
"...why?" Donner's voice was so quiet Steve wanted to scream.
Bucky blinked in confusion.
Every man in the room was staring at him.  The man who'd been swiveling in the chair had dropped his pencil.
The lift doors slid open slowly. Steve squeezed Tony's arm as they stepped out. "Okay.  So. Where the hell are we going?"
Tony's touch was grounding. "I'm not backing out. That's exactly what Malick will expect me to do. He thinks I'm too proud for something like this." Steve distantly recalled him saying he'd rather walk around naked. He was starting to think that was actually
"...okay... so... so just to be clear, I don't want anything, okay?  Just... give Steve space, and stay out of the bedroom, and have fun, watch TV, lounge around, chill out.  Okay? ...uh... good boy." Tony patted his shoulder awkwardly.
"Tony, what are you doing?"
"Where's Tony?"
"You mean Seagate?  Not bad."
Tony's hair bristled even more.  "Is that a collar? Are you trying to collar my omega?" he demanded.
"I'll...I'll go change bandages in the bathroom. Don't worry about it. I've done it before."
was a show Tony had watched with his father as a kid, and once his father and Stane had been on together, talking about "those damn hippies."  (It had been a great episode, in Tony's opinion.)
The EMTs had come to Steve like moths to a flame; Phil handed off the kit to one of them, and Steve found himself being pushed down onto a gurney and an IV pushed into his arm.
"Only Steve could hear Bucky," Pepper filled in quietly. "So we don't know."
Tony hadn't been one of those kids whose status was indeterminate.  It had been obvious he was an Alpha since he was born; he could raise his hackles willfully by the age of five.  Howard had been thrilled. And their relationship had been pretty good in those early years. It had really only down downhill once Tony hit puberty.  Although his status was obvious, no one's dominance standing was ever really clear until they'd hit puberty. And Tony had come out the other end a disappointment; he was not a powerful Alpha, like Howard, but one of the milder ones.  Everyone had assumed. They'd assumed wrong.
"Jail," said George casually.  Donner looked horrified and the room was definitely feeling increasingly tense.  George tried to rescue it. "...
love it when you wear blue."
He pressed himself against Steve's entrance and moaned at the wetness.  Normally he would have said "fuck," but instead, he let out a pleased growl, deep and throaty.  He pushed himself against Steve's body slowly, feeling the resistance; then the tip was in, and after that, sliding in the rest of the length was easy.  At least, up until the knot.  Tony grunted, giving a few sharp thrusts; he wanted all of Steve, wanted Steve to have all of him.  Steve was warm and wet and perfect; Tony had never experienced sex like this, never had such a perfect fit.  He wanted to give all of it to Steve; it took a bit of effort to work the knot in, but finally he was balls-deep in Steve, and he paused, giving him time to adjust to being filled, taking a second to appreciate how perfectly Steve's body sheathed him.
Steve was perched on the edge of his desk chair, a pencil in his hand, staring unabashedly at him.  He flushed when Tony looked at him.
a story that, like most television, featured mostly betas who didn't worry about things like status hierarchies or heat cycles or pair-bonding and could carry on with their normal, simple lives, doing things like cooking meth.
"What, like growing some muscle?  HA!" shouted John. "No, they're good girls, and I like an omega with a bit of spunk!  Good for you, Stark! He's a keeper!"
He'd heard Steve come in.  He was a little tipsy, but sobering up.  It was nothing he couldn't handle. He'd manage to get his hair under control-- sort of-- and thrown on a clean pair of jeans and t-shirt that covered the reactor.  The glowing, circular outline was still obvious beneath the dark cloth, however.
He turned the question over in his head, wondering why Steve had asked.  The conclusion he came to was an upsetting one. Steve was comparing him and Bucky.  Bucky had bonded Steve when he was small, had for some reason wanted him. Tony didn't know what Bucky's motivations were.  By any standards, but especially by 1930's standards, Steve was a fairly useless omega, pre-serum. He would have been a lot of work, always sick, unable to keep the house or bear children.  In bonding him, Bucky had made a commitment to a certain lifestyle. Tony sort of hated him for that.
Happy watched Pepper go admiringly, clearly impressed by her usual unflappability and command of the situation, and then sat on the sofa next to Tiberius.  As a beta, there was nothing at all amiss about Stone, not in the slightest. The eerie smell that clung to him was one only Alphas and omegas could sense, and Steve supposed he was lucky, in that regard, because no matter how hard you tried to ignore it, it really was grotesque.  Like talking to someone who had a disfiguring birthmark or something on their face.
by this guy named Leonard Cohen. Aria's already okay'd it," Steve said. "And I'm
"...hi," said Tony.
"What do you do, James?"
, he thought idly. There wasn't any logic to it, not as far as he could tell, not in the way there was with mechanics.  But that was okay.  With Steve, Tony didn't feel especially self-conscious.
"Happy, I'm okay. I'm fine, really." He lifted up his hands to placate him.
Steve squeezed his hand back gently, something fluttering in his chest. A comforting feeling...like reassurance.
"Hello, Mr. Thompson?" came a new female voice from the phone.
It does make sense, now, in Tony’s mind.
The thing is, Steve can’t figure out what exactly the problem is. If there even is a problem. Maybe Tony simply doesn’t love him, considers this whole thing just casual sex, and there’s nothing deeper than that. Maybe Tony has sex-related traumas that he doesn’t want to talk to Steve about. Although this doesn’t fit the narrative of Tony Stark, playboy extraordinaire but… well, it’s not like the Captain America comic books are an accurate depiction of his life and character, so it’s pretty easy to dismiss it all as a press myth. Tony has been with Pepper, briefly… Steve tries to imagine how the sex could have been between them, but he feels uncomfortable and rude, so he stops that train of thought. It’s just…
“What are you smiling about?” Tony asks, breathless.
Not even the pain.
Sure, maybe Tony won’t reject him, but it’s been ten days, and Steve’s confidence is ripping at the seams. Maybe now he gets what Tony meant when he asked if it wasn’t worse, thinking about being with Tony without knowing if it would ever happen.
Then Steve fucks into him. Again.
“Tony, I—”
Tony kisses back, holds onto Steve as if he might run away, licks into his mouth like it’s the cure for every illness and Tony is the most sick man in the world.
He turns to face Thanos.
Like me.
Steve hears the young voice from the other end of the line, curious and surprised.
“I was still angry. Bitter. I clinged to those feelings as hard as I could, because they were the only things that helped me. Helped me hold back. I needed to hold back.
They talk about Tony’s new idea for a while, the one Tony texted him about earlier. He has questions, and Tony answers them all.
He comes to and he’s in the room with Tony.
Tony doesn’t need Steve to do this, but Steve needs to do it for himself and for Tony, so Tony lets him. In the end, when Steve is toweling Tony’s feet dry, he is more serene, less wistful. He helps Tony into comfortable clothes, wears something warm himself, and he leads Tony to the couch in the living room. He drapes the blanket over Tony’s legs, makes them hot chocolate. They spend the day watching old movies, Tony leaning his head on Steve’s shoulder or resting it on his thighs, while Steve plays with his hair.
Stella cheers and claps her hands. Tony shifts on the stool to look at her and smile.
Steve closes his eyes. The light breeze ruffles his hair, it turns into gold under the blazing sun. He looks beautiful, like an angel, like a dream come true.
Later, while Tony is brushing his teeth and changing into sleep clothes, Steve searches for a blanket in the closet. The one he finds is thick and smells clean, so he spreads it on his bed and sits on it, facing Tony’s bed. He props his elbows on his knees, holds his head between his hands. He feels cold.
The pictures Tony’s doctor took of him, naked, pregnant, and with bruised skin from his collarbone to his navel.
The only other option he has… but no, he can’t ask his friends to live with his blood on their hands.
There’s a small window, up above, close to the ceiling. I can see the sky and the white clouds passing by. It makes me feel human.
“Alright,” Tony says, the word catching in his throat.
The city is hot, crowded with tourists, and Steve finds it as beautiful as he imagined it’d be. He read about it on the internet while in the car, but actually being here is another thing entirely.
He passed out at some point, thank god, and he came to about twenty minutes ago with still a bit of consciousness to spare. That’s gonna change soon, he knows. It’s creeping up on him—slow but steady.
So it’s not a problem. At all. Why is Tony even thinking about this? There’s no point.
“You want to—“ Tony says, waving a hand at his own lap.
Maybe he is. A bit. He’s not falling asleep all the time anymore and he doesn’t look tired when he has no reason to be. Maybe they’re not screwing this up. Maybe Steve’s doing something right.
"Goddammit it, Miracle Whip!" shouted Tony, landing a punch on Vanko's jaw.
"Steve! I was promised breakfast with a certain someone," Banksy reminded him.
."  Tony saw the words mouthed at him, even though he couldn't hear them.
elbow.  Here, let me kiss your
He watched Steve.  Steve looked and felt stressed beyond all measure.  Bucky felt bad for him and wanted to help but had no idea what Steve wanted.  Earlier, Steve had asked the year, and that made Bucky worried about him. It was '44, wasn't it?  ...or... or was it '45 already? Well, anyways, it was sometime around there and Steve oughtta know.
Tony was doing that thing where he poured out a lot of information all at once and Steve struggled to keep up. He did manage to keep up, mostly. He was honestly more interested in the concept of an entire omega guard than in whether the prince was hitched up or not. He didn't really get the whole mating idea. He just found the idea of them all being fully trained and capable fantastic. "Very neat," he hummed.
He slipped his phone into his pocket.  Playing Tetris was becoming impossible, because Pepper was texting him like crazy, and he had to admit, reluctantly, that it was time to attend the meeting, whether he wanted to or not.  He turned and made his way toward the elevators, a lot more worked up than he cared to admit.  Maybe it was Steve saying he was concerned.  Tony didn’t like others being concerned for him.  It made him feel vulnerable.  He preferred to hide his weaknesses.  He wanted to be the same kind of man and Alpha his father had been: unshakeable.  He didn’t want people to know when he was sick or scared.  Hell, when he had come back from Afghanistan, he’d given a press conference immediately, just to prove how strong he was.
And suddenly... right between them, there was Donner.
He knew Steve's history.  Hell, it was on display in museums.  He knew that, before the serum, Steve had been small and sick and weak, and he didn't want him to be any of those things.  Just small
?  I'm taking my days off!  Jesus Christ, Tony!" she yelled, clearly furious.
"I think he's too close, but then so am I. And I'm here," Steve pointed out quietly and Natasha's gaze flickered up to meet his. He swallowed. "I just... I think it's worse to keep it hidden from him. The last thing I want is Tony in the dark about this. I don't have anything to hide,
Steve could feel Tony's own confusion too, a twisted sensation in his chest that almost made it hard to breathe.
"Uh, yeah."
He was on the floor, reeling as a body fell on top of him. And then a punch to his jaw. His vision span and he saw stars. He rolled, trying to get away. "F-fuck..." He stuttered. A second metal hand planted into the floor by his head. He tried to twist out again.
, it's real!"
"I would have thought Stark would have broken you in already. But you clearly still have no manners," the man in the suit sighed, tutting as he inspected his fingernails.
"Can you not wait five goddamn seconds?!"
He looked up.  An angry constellation of freckles and sea-green eyes were staring at him.
Tony recognized a primary suit weakness was reliance on the gantry to get it on and off.  He wanted a suit that could self-assemble, something like the Mark IV, but better, lighter, faster.  The lesson he had learned from the fiasco with Vanko, and having to get the suit stripped off him afterward, was that gantry armor was impractical and that, when attacks came suddenly, without warning, he couldn't be properly prepared for them.
Steve was bouncing on his feet and looked practically high.
It was all starting to come back to him.  SHIELD.  Camp Pendleton. Simulation.  Subconscious fears, brought to the surface.  Probably recorded on tape.  Knowing the government they were still using 8-tracks or something.
"How old are you, exactly?" asked Tony.
"I'm a soldier," he said.
Rhodes snorted.  "That's your instinct talking.  You don't have to fight anyone, Tony."
"What?  Oh, it's-- it's Douglas."
Tony pulled away at the mewl of his name.
Steve buried his face against the curve of Tony's neck.
Steve watched Rhodey's figure disappear out of sight and sighed.
Punctuality was not one of his strong suits.
When Steve stepped outside he stopped short; DeSoto was sitting on the couch.  His eyes widened. "How long have you been there?" he demanded.
anytime soon.
"Ah- never mind.  Stark, Rogers, are you two going to be joining us for dinner?"
A little shiver ran down Steve's spine when Tony's fingers moved through his hair again. Steve smiled subtly, almost shyly. He moved in the water to tread water between Tony's legs so he could still talk to him and keep eye contact. "I don't think it will be like that, a drum circle. I think you should give a shot. Just one session?  For me?" Steve asked, sounding as sweet as ever.
!" he managed.  "Are you okay?"
"Tony," corrected Tony automatically.  "Thanks. You too. I mean--" He fumbled a little.  He'd been racking up a rather impressive tab.
"Oh, shit, sorry.  I... I had a late night."  Tony realized almost immediately what that would sound like.  "Not banging Steve!  Working on Iron Man!" he said quickly, sitting up in bed.  His hair was a mess.
The man laughed deep in his throat. The low sound rumbled in his chest. "I always did like them with some fire," he breathed, his smile sickly.  His accent was Russian.
Tony looked tired. No, Steve couldn't be mad at him now. He looked at him fondly. "Come on, let's get you to bed. You can still catch a good few hours' sleep, Tony." The meeting with the Wakandan royal family was at ten, but it was a good forty-minute drive away. "Do I want to know how you broke your hand?"
"I think we've all dealt with worse," Steve breathed and Malick smiled. His lips pulled too thin as he did so and Steve had to stop himself from grimacing. He'd never really considered himself an especially shallow man but Malick really was awfully unfortunate-looking.
wasn't joking.
Tony reached up and placed a hand on Steve's cheek, turning his head so he could kiss him properly, on the lips.  The kiss was open-mouthed and passionate, but without tongue. Tony didn't want to push him. Not so soon.
Tony could practically
He curled his hands onto the side of the pool either side of Tony's hips and ducked down briefly before rising up, lifting up his entire body on his arms so they were face to face. Normally this  kind of position would make a man's arms at least tremble with the effort. But Steve's didn't. He looked comfortable, like he could just hold himself up like this hours. Water dripped down him and it gleamed in the sunlight. Their faces were close, closer than they had been since Steve returned, and the omega's blue eyes were dragging over Tony's face slowly.
"Steve.  Steven Grant Rogers, come on, snap out of it!  Tony, has anything like this ever--"
He swam to the edge of the pool and rested against it heavily, his gaze distant. He didn't know what to think or how to feel. He'd never felt so goddamn confused.  Should he report this?  After the incident with his heat, everyone was worried he was compromised.  But Gideon Malick told him he didn't even work for SHIELD as an active field agent anymore, so why should he tell them?
Melinda's expression softened a fraction. "You don't need to worry about me, Rogers." Her tone was affectionate. She held his shield out to him. "Catch you later folks," she breathed in a simple goodbye and winked at Pepper before she pulled away to an ominous looking black car on the curve. Normally she would have stayed with Steve until the hospital, but he had Tony now and she had no doubts he would be looked after.
"They'll try to stop us if we leave," said Seven quietly.
Tony was too busy trying to monitor the comms from within his helmet to be paying complete attention to the two kids in front of him.  He was hoping they didn't try anything stupid, like shooting him, because the fact of the matter was, bullets pinging off the suit always left his ears ringing and he really needed to focus on the comms right now.
Steve ran the water hot, figuring it would help soothe Tony's ankle. And his ribs needed it too. They were a tiny bit sore, but mostly healed. The burns had left thin white scars but they weren't noticeable unless you were looking for them. Steve knew he would be.
"Perfection isn't easy, Steve," said Tony seriously, carefully applying gel to his hair.  "I'm not going to go down to Pendleton looking like a slob.  ...you wanna drive?" he added, glancing behind him with a devilish grin.  "I've got a nine hundred horsepower car with your name on it downstairs.  What did you drive in the forties, a buggy or something?  There's a McLaren downstairs that can do zero to sixty in less than three seconds.  It's fun as hell."
Every Saturday, Steve went to the base, and every Saturday, he had an induced heat. They used the dart he'd kept from the fight to recreate the inducer to the point where it was almost identical. The only scientists around were betas. Clint opted into the same treatment as Steve. It was good to have him back, at least on the weekends. After all, there was no one else Steve could do this with.
Omegas in heat weren't necessarily so, however. They were many cases of omegas going into beserker-like rages during their heats (another thing that Alphas used to stress their inferiority.) Sometimes the rages were triggered in defense of children or a mate themselves. It was a rare instance, but a consistent and well-documented one. Steve knew that some armies even looked into triggered omega rages as a form of warfare but he didn't think anything ever came of it.
"I'll call Gleason when we get outside," Steve said, half a reminder to himself. They needed that solution before they went anywhere for the holidays. He pulled out his phone to text Nat and tugged a little at his tie. It was getting hot in the studio under the lights. The sooner they got out the better.
," the soldier nodded.
"They're giving money to a cause," Steve pointed out. "And once they find out how it's been used... then they really won't be happy." There was a strange sort of satisfaction in knowing that the funds of Alpha conservatives were going to go straight towards undermining the establishment they were so desperate to protect.
"You think we're the bad guys, don't you?  You're the protagonist of this little story.  Life isn't a fairy tale, Captain. Life doesn't have heroes, or villains.  Life doesn't care about you or your story. Let me tell you about our story.  We were alone. We were hungry, and cold, and scared. HYDRA took us in. They did the same for James.  And now we're offering you the same opportunity. Has SHIELD really been so kind to you? Hm? Of course I know your history; HYDRA was your enemy, seventy years ago.  But what do you know about what it does now? It was the only place that took in Pietro and I." She gave a nod to her brother.
JARVIS was pleasantly reciting his usual morning monologue.  "The date is Thursday, March third, and the current temperature is fifty-four--"
"...I'll be damned.  It really
"No," interrupted Donner suddenly.  He looked over at Malick, and the two made eye contact.  "
Tony stared at those two words on the screen, unable to even begin to process an answer.
Tony drifted off with the omega in his arms, the comforting, familiar smell of him making even the sterile hospital suite feel like home.
Pepper nodded.  She didn't add that she thought it was probably for the best.  Tony was unstable and insecure and jealous, and to a lesser extent, so was Steve.  When you factored in Steve's old mate, the truth was, their whole relationship was a mess.  Steve had only been back for, what, two weeks? Pepper chewed her lip, worrying over things.  It seemed unlikely to her that they would be able to go the rest of their lives without another upset.  The question was, what would it be? Another pregnancy? Steve's old mate? Something else? The only certainty in Tony's life was chaos.
was Steve's initial thought. And then he felt guilty, he felt
Steve wiped at his neck and rolled his eyes. "Yes. I'm going for Miss United States in hopes of pissing off Fury more than I already have," he hummed bemusedly. He hesitated a moment before pushing off his jeans too. It wasn't like Tony was decent right now and Steve wanted to get comfortable. But still,
. He could feel everything, every tiny little movement and spark of pleasure inside of him. And Steve was strong, he could do this for hours without his thighs even quivering at the strain - though they might at the stretch.
then you would let him go, because you full well know that you aren't a good Alpha. Not to him. Not to anyone."
"I do," agreed Tony.  He reached out without thinking and cupped Steve's cheek with his bandaged hand, waiting to feel Steve lean into it submissively.
He could ballpark how many there were.  More than a dozen, less than twice that.  But for some reason, not knowing whether it was sixteen or eighteen made Tony feel a small, smug sense of victory.  That their attempt to torture him by forcing him to remember had failed, at least a tiny bit, because he didn't know, at least not fully.
Steve's mention of age had Tony thinking about Steve's birthday again.  What the hell did you get a guy who needed nothing?  Steve was baffled by most technology, so that was out.  Would it be weird to get him something patriotic, or cheesy?  Steve's birthday was the 4th, after all.  He surely liked patriotic things; he was Captain America, for crying out loud.  And he had that silly patriotic mug in his old apartment...
"Great," Steve told her and tilted his head back to look up at the clouds. "I read those articles you sent. Thanks."
He woke before Tony in the morning. It was around eight. Steve knew he wouldn't wake for a while, especially after everything he'd drunk the night before, so he went down for a swim in the pool. There was no else around except for an old woman who looked about eighty and evidently didn't recognise him.
"I'll probably just have to build up a resistance to it the old fashioned way. I'll talk to them about it." Steve said quietly. It had honestly been humiliating. He'd wanted to come back in fighting, prove HYDRA all wrong. Wrong for assuming he was an Alpha, wrong for assuming they could take him away, and wrong for assuming he wouldn't come after him. Steve had wanted to be appear
He reached out for the box of condoms and chucked them onto the bed in a silent reminder. Steve shivered at Tony's touch, arcing his head back a little, but then he winced. "Can we, ah, change positions? My neck against the sheets doesn't feel so hot."
The door opened and Maggie Frond looked out.  "Ah-
Steve seemed to gathered himself back together and exhaled softly, straightening up in his chair. Malick didn't look happy.
"I shouldn't
"Kate?" It was Sandra from the front desk. She was speaking over the telecom. "We need you out here."
"You can't compare us. We're completely--" began Steve.
"We wouldn't be running the same simulation as before, which was battle orientated." Richards tried to explain, his hand gestures everywhere. "This would be a case of letting your subconscious doing the exploring for us. We re-run the memory of the Winter Soldier and we see what comes up. If there's nothing, or the same as before, then the cause for concern is greatly reduced."
"A toddler, sort of," Natasha pointed out. It was all a bit overwhelming. Clint looked so happy and domestic and nothing like an agent and a secret super-assassin. He just looked like a normal guy, with his wife and kids and... like a beta man would... how did Natasha fit into all of this? Steve had so many questions.
Steve waved a hand. "It's fine." He wasn't used to having money and he wasn't good at keeping it. Having money and not using it for some sort of change or project made him feel uncomfortable. Within his first six  months of being awake he'd donated tens of thousands of dollars; as quickly as SHIELD gave it to him, he gave it away.
"You knew Dad," said Tony.  He wasn't sure why he started there, but once he did, he didn't dare stop.  "Dad was a very... very dominant Alpha. I don't know if you ever met Obie, but he was, too.  Even more dominant than Dad, actually. When the two of them were in a room... Jesus, you have no idea.  You felt... small. And you know, the thing is, I... I was never very dominant.    I know you said you don't care, but I care.  Dad drank. And when he drank, he got mean. Sometimes he'd slap me around... not a lot or anything.  Just... just a little, trying to toughen me up, I think. He'd called me a sissy a few times, like... like how does a kid fix that, you know?  It's not like you sign a fucking sheet saying how dominant you want to be, it's just how you are. He packed me up and sent me to boarding school and, surprise, I was still not... I was one of the least dominant Alphas there.  I ate lunch with an omega." He paused, then added, "If I were born omega, I'd probably have been sent to the same camp Ty was."
"Hello, miss.  Scottsboro Police Department.  Can you buzz us in?" asked Lawrence.
Tony bristled a little when Gleason knelt, but didn't snarl.  After all, Gleason was an omega, too.
"SHIELD will be relieved--"
Tony lowered his sunglasses to stare at Steve.  "My Alpha gaze?" he repeated slowly. "...are you fucking serious?  I asked for
"I wouldn't have to resort to such barbaric practices if you'd let us continue his electroshock."
Then he brought it up and and added, "Yeah, we bonded."  He lowered it and looked over at Steve.  "Steve?  You wanna say anything?" he asked, gently, gesturing him forward, offering him the microphone.
"Okay," Steve breathed. It was only fair. Tony had seen him kill people before...now it was his turn to watch. Although Tony wouldn't be killing anyone. It seemed DeSoto's own alpha was capable of doing a good job of that himself. Steve felt so sorry for him and it sort of felt like Steve had failed to...because if he had really gotten through to DeSoto, they wouldn't have to be doing this.
"Shut it down," said Tony immediately.
"Down boy," he joked gently and ran a hand over his face. Steve let out an awkward chuckle. Fuck. "Right. That's it. I'm breaking. I need to pee."
, thought Tony lazily.
"Wait, was that the same year that kid... oh, what's his name..." said Fred.
"Why, is it working?"
Steve to see him as powerful and strong, and instead, Steve was making him feel inadequate and disappointing.
Charlotte hit both balls; she made the shot. Derick huffed out, clearly disappointed she'd made it.
It's not electrified, I can see infrared on this thing," replied Tony, tapping the helmet with a couple of metal fingers.  He tore open the chain cage like it was tissue paper and ripped a panel off the box, pulling out a tangle of wires. "All we gotta do is cut the red one.  It's always the red one. ...too bad I'm color-blind, huh?" he said, pulling out a few green wires and preparing to snap them.
And Tony's dick was gradually swelling inside of him again. And it felt good. Crap.
Their session was mostly about omegas in the twenty-first century; they didn't talk much about Steve's forced-bonding or Bucky.  At least, not directly.
He couldn't think of anyone else to ask about his feelings.  There was Rhodey, who was an Alpha, but the last time they'd spoken, Tony had thrown him through a wall.  He didn't have anyone else, except Steve himself, and he didn't want to ask Steve why he felt this way.  He didn't want to look foolish.  And what if he asked and then Steve admitted that Tony's feelings were one-sided?  It would literally kill him.
He slipped an arm around Steve's shoulders, letting the omega slid down into the bed.  Laying down was one of the few circumstances where Tony got to feel taller; he loved when Steve rested his head on his chest.  Steve was one of four people, ever, who had touched the arc reactor, and in a way, Tony had almost come to enjoy it. He would have been comfortable placing the thing in Steve's hands.  It had become routine for Tony to pop it out and clean his chest socket during their morning showers, and Steve no longer showed the slightest look of surprise or disgust, which made Tony feel warm and normal.
"B-Bucky?" His voice was shaking. "I-Is that you?"
"Yes, absolutely, we always have been; I'm not just saying that because he's my omega," said Tony casually.
He let out a nervous breath. The kids weren't going to walk out. Steve hadn't said the right things; he'd been too presumptuous.  Like Phil said, the omegas were part of it.  Victims, yes, but also instrumental in protecting their oppressors.
Steve breathed out slowly. "Yeah. That's something. Thanks again George."
Bucky looked instead at a board filled with ever-changing flight information.  He got excited when he saw Cleveland on the list, even though Pietro had already explained that Karpov's "retirement to Cleveland" was only a turn of phrase and that Karpov was probably not there.  ("It would be literally the stupidest place for him to go, since he told everyone he was going there," said Pietro. "That's the very last place we should look." Then Wanda had said, "Maybe we
Tony hopped up on the counter with a sigh  "Yeah. Thanks, Satin." He looked over at Steve.  It was a kitchen full of Donners. Ugh. None of them were even looking at Steve; while Banjo hurriedly cleaned up the mess, Satin hustled to pour Tony a cup of coffee, which she gave him on a saucer with a side of rich cream and two cubes of sugar.  Azabache had already gone back to cooking.
Tony had wondered who would possibly want to ally themselves with an unstable, dangerous maniac like Vanko.  Who would give him help.  Who would value his smarts enough to ignore the fact that he was an unhinged murderer.  Who was desperate enough.
Eventually Tony did fall asleep in Steve's arms. He curled around him, keeping the other warm as the ocean breeze tickled over them. He squeezed his arms around his mate and felt his own eyes dropping shut too. It was warm enough out and if he carried Tony back to the party they'd never get any sleep. He knew Pepper and Aria would be kicking people out around five; they could wait till then.
He thrashed off the sheets and accidentally kicked Steve before falling onto the floor.
"He is drinking single-malt and listening to Alien Ant Farm."
"Really proud of you, Steve," said Tiberius.  "And happy birthday." He pointed to the coffee table; there was a small collection of wrapped presents.  Among them, Steve spotted Pepper's small, neat handwriting (
"--okay, perfect, let's get the acts up and get moving!"
Steve froze. The words churned in his head.
Suddenly the gauntlet on the other side of the room lit up and shot over to him; it smashed into his stomach, forty pounds of metal, and slammed him against the wall.  He dropped with a whine, grabbing his ribs.  "Fuck!" he repeated, this time with excitement.
Pepper stared at it in alarm.  "It's always been his favorite prime number.  Tony! Tony, did you change the code? What's the new code?  Tony! Tony, look at me!"
"Ditto DeSoto and Donner," said Fred.  "...oh, man, try saying that three times fast!"
?), he found that he didn't really care, either.
"Kelsey?"
He reached for a sandwich to distract from the awkwardness and began peeling it apart.  Steve had witnessed this behavior before. Sometimes Tony dissected food, as if he was worried that there might be something hidden inside of it.
Stan, this is Julie, she's an ex--"  He plucked the drink from her hand.  "How's life treating you, sweetheart, do you miss me yet?"
"Well... they don't exactly
Mixed signals.  Steve had gone into heat for him.  His body had practically been crying for Tony's; the vibes Tony had gotten were clear; Steve wanted him, Steve needed him, Steve was desperate to give himself to Tony.  But then again, Steve had locked himself away for his heat; Steve had actively, consciously not wanted to mate with him; and he hadn't let Tony lick him,
"Whatever the omega wants," said Tony wearily.  Steve's body was providing more than enough heat for him and frankly the only thing he was currently interested in was sex and alcohol.
"Do you...do you think we can get out of here yet?" he murmured in Tony's ear.
His mind drifted to Bucky briefly. He wondered if he'd felt it. Steve had asked Natasha to check her contacts, see if they knew anything-- but he was scared she wouldn't tell him if they did. Everyone was so determined to protect Steve now.  Especially from himself, it seemed.
Tony had never especially cared for babies.  Granite was no different. Everyone was ogling over her like she was special, but frankly, Tony felt she looked a little weird.  Maybe it was because she was only recently birthed, but Tony felt her eyes were too googly and her head had a weird shape and she was too blue.
"But we need to scare him," Natasha added. "He needs to know that if he doesn't tell us everything, he'll
The colonel came back with a phone pressed to his ear.  "I'm on the phone with Councilwoman Hawley. No extraction of Steve Rogers was ever cleared by the WSC.  Clearly this was a big misunderstanding. Rogers, Stark, you two are free to go. Malick, Rumlow, the council has requested that you stay for questioning."
Then Steve's cell phone started ringing on the beside. He ignored it and let it ring out. Steve tried to stand and then sat back down immediately.
He could feel that tug in his gut. Steve knew he was getting closer. He focused on Tony's hands on his thighs, which made it easier not to buck up into him. The last thing he wanted was to make him have flashback, or something. And Steve knew first hand how easy that could be. His mind soon went off line, though, as Tony teased at the head with his tongue.  Steve gasped. "
.  "I'm here and I'm yours," he whispered. "What will help convince you of that?"
Everyone's breath hitched.
"I like pizza," Steve offered. Danielle grinned triumphantly.
"Mornin'," said Lawrence pleasantly.  "We got here a search warrant, a warrant of execution, and a possessory warrant, on account of suspected unlawful detention, medical malpractice, and endangerment of minors, plus a whole host of other charges.  So if y'all wouldn't mind us looking around we'd be awful grateful."
broke up with
"On the mend, thanks to you, I hear. Look, I get you don't wanna talk about it. But I just gotta ask... did he recognise you?"
"I know," Steve said in a murmur. "I can feel it."
"I'm Vim," said the girl.
Everyone began standing and stretching.
It had been hell though. A burning kind of hell. Nothing would satisfy him because nothing he could do or simulate was a real Alpha-- was
Banksy's eyes watered.  "He's-- he's got the best team," he said.  He wrung the edge of his shirt. Banksy looked like a completely different person; his face was drawn and his eyes were red and his hair, usually in a perky little ponytail, hung down below his ears, messy and unbrushed but still straight.  "We-- we rode together here, he was looking right at me the whole time, that's a good sign, right?" He looked between Danielle and Donner. "Right? It's a good sign? His eyes were tracking-- he-- we got here soon-- he's not really that old, you know, he's-- he's so active--"
All of the shit with Steve and the protesters had provided an excellent distraction from the dreaded upcoming anniversary.  But now, staring at all the photos in his lap, he was reminded of a family he never really got to know and a childhood that ended as suddenly and traumatically as his parents' car.
"You know if anything happens, it's gonna be both our heads on the line?"
"Hello?" Steve called out tentatively, stepping inside a dark corridor that broke off into several rooms. Each door had a number on it. They went up to the number five. Steve swallowed, stepping further in. He placed his hand on the door handle of number one. "Is anyone here?"
And then she sauntered off stage, leaving Pepper a little stunned.
"Subpoenas, I think," Banksy filled. Pepper lifted a hand to rub at her temple.
"He's by the bar," said Wendy, pointing.  Tony was chatting with another man in a tux and he was holding a glass of champagne.
It was ludicrous, of course.  Steve was the last guy in the world who needed to be protected; he was huge. And Tony wasn't really that kind of Alpha.  Not usually, anyway.  He could easily imagine fighting Natasha (and undoubtedly losing) on Steve's behalf.
"Okay, can we maybe tone down the sex--" began Aria, but Tony cut in.
He raised a hand to his cheek. Steve swallowed.
No one-- not Steve, not Clint, not even Natasha-- seemed to think it was weird how Couslon, an unbonded omega, was bossing Tony around.  Tony knew when he'd met his match.  Coulson had all of Pepper's fierceness and attitude.  He heaved a dramatic, world-weary sigh and loped toward the steps to his basement garage-cum-shop.  He glanced over his shoulder to make sure Steve was following.
Tony nuzzled Steve's jaw, his fingers still resting lightly on the back of Steve's neck.  "Roll over. ...but... but tell me if it hurts, okay? Don't just let me bite it to make me feel better."
Goddammit.
Steve kept a firm hold of his hand, even if Tony's grip on his fingers was a little crushing. It was a grounding touch, he found. Steve squeezed a little tighter when a spasm jarred across his stomach again but his face gave away nothing. Irshad shot him a worried look from where she was sat two seats away from him. He offered her a small smile.
Tony turned, still sitting on Steve.  "Independence day," he said with a cheeky grin.  "...it'll be their independence day. Literally."
wanted one of those mugs."
A woman stopped by him, her beautiful red dress ruined. It reminded Steve of Peggy's. She put a hand on his shoulder. "Thank you."
Steve squeezed Tony's fingers gently and gave him an apologetic smile- truly sorry that they couldn't quite do this the way the Alpha wanted.
"Are you kidding me?  I am
Maggie looked at Steve.  In the eye. She was one of the first Alphas at the conference to make eye contact with him without a hint of embarrassment or awkwardness.  "You have him awfully confused, don't you? ...it's a shame. I imagined the son of Howard Stark would be more dominant than that. Well, obviously, there's not much I can do for you two.  You seem very grounded in your ways. It was good to meet you anyways, Captain."
"...fine. Let's go," Aria agreed with a sigh and a wave of her hand and they were heading down the steps towards their car.  The SUV, windows tinted, was idling backstage.
A pause.  Tony knew nothing about Steve.  They barely knew each other.  Their bond had formed rapidly, unexpectedly.  He was glad to have it, but... where the hell to even start?  Steve had grown up in another era; he might as well be from another planet.
Regardless of whether he was dead or just tripping balls, he decided to play it cool.  As cool as possible, considering he was Nowhere and Death was staring right at him.  He thought he heard footsteps but he wasn't sure, and now Death was asking his name, and he realized he had no idea.
"It's okay," he affirmed. Steve never liked it much when people too notes anyway. He'd always been trying to guess what the doctors were writing in the forties, when they prodded and poked at him- pre-
Tony huffed a few more times, then tried to make light of the subject.  Humor had always served him well.  "...that guy got what was coming to him, huh?  Poetic justice.  An Alpha trying to... trying to do that and then getting killed by the omega.  That's actually sort of... beautifully ironic, huh?"
"...I'm supposed to protect you," murmured Tony back into the dark quiet of the room.  "Trying isn't good enough, Steve.  Today, I put you in danger.  Steve, you're my whole world.  When I bit you, it
"I wore him out," butted in Tony with a devilish grin.
no pictures!" yelled someone, and there was a crunch that was probably a phone.
"Don't you call Virginia Potts
"Just to be clear, Captain, I'm asking you for a favor," said Fury.  "You know, considering all the things I've kept under wraps for you, I kinda think you owe me one.  I can think of
Fury gave him a long hard look that pierced into his very being. Steve felt a chill run down his spine. Then Fury moved to turn away, wordlessly. That was his answer. Wonderful. And if Steve had thought he was feeling guilty earlier then it had nothing on how he was feeling now.
"You feel frustrated," Steve commented as he traced his tongue down to the hollow of Tony's neck. "Why?"
was the one who should be going to a doctor...not that that meant Steve shouldn't, but his predicament felt a lot less urgent.  He didn't have PTSD and if he did, it didn't matter because the war was over and had been for nearly two-- no, wait,
"Yay!" said Tony quietly, to himself.
Tony and Steve's phones went off simultaneously at the top of the stairs; Tony checked his.
try being raised by Howard Stark and Obadiah Stane... God, it was like being a rabbit raised by wolves.  Did you know that everyone at Stark Industries called my dad's office
"...how do you know about that?" demanded Tony, avoiding the question.
Richard smiled a little.  "I saw DeSoto back in November and yes, he seemed very okay, Donnie.  I'll tell him hi for you next time I see him."
Steve spent the rest of the afternoon drawing. He asked JARVIS what the least used room in the house was and picked a white wall. A biro would do for the drawing itself though he'd gone through about three pens in the space of four hours. He knew Tony wouldn't mind and the impact would be worth it when it was done. When he was a kid Steve would always draw on the walls...it would make his ma so mad, but so proud. Especially when they were the spitting image of her.
Bucky reached for him.  "I
"This is stupid," Steve said, sounding childish. He'd a smear of syrup on his chin which Louis pointed out. With no disregard for his own decency Steve pulled up the edge of his shirt to wipe his chin, flashing a good amount of six pack before Pepper told him to pull it back down. He was clearly unimpressed about something, hands kneading at the pillow in his lap.
Sam said nothing, but Tony had pick up a natural rhythm of words.
"Oh, yeah," said Steve, nodding.  "Super dominant.  About the same as Buck--"  He stopped.  Too late.  Tony's hackles were up at the mention of Steve's other Alpha.
Across the room, Carter had grabbed a needle off the floor, the one they'd tried to hit Steve with earlier, and she jammed it into the neck of the HYDRA agent she was rolling around with.  His eyes went wide and a moment later, he was frothing at the mouth and going limp.
can do this, look at this, this is a disaster.  This is a fuckin' Shakespearean tragedy."
"MIT?  Yeah... yeah, okay, call them for me... but first I need you to read Steve's report, I'm too drunk... Steve... Steve, did you send that report?  I'm only reading it 'cause it's so damned important to you.  I hate reports, I hate paperwork, you know that..."  He hiccuped, but nothing more came up.  He felt slightly better.  He took another swig of his gin, forcing himself to keep it down.
Tony crossed his arms, glaring, as he walked over to the front door.  He pointed.  "Out."
"Yes, sir.  They're scheduled to come by tomorrow at eight."
Ah, the dread "c" word.  Tony downed his glass of wine and poured another.
"Na-night you two!"
"We went to see Churchill's war rooms."
"What kind of age? You know, what kind of... upbringing and stuff."
"Down the hall, Captain. He and Ellis are having pre-dinner drinks, I believe."
, then lit up at the mention of generators.
"Hello, Vasily," he said.
Tony huffed, reaching out and thread his fingers through Steve's hair.  "I'd like
He nodded to Steve; yes, he understood, though he wasn't sure what "trying anything" constituted.
bonded, how can you be force-bonded?  I understand he assaulted you, just... not the bonding."
"Please...I need you. I need you inside me already," he whispered, his body
He was treading lightly around Steve, still guilty.  Their relationship had taken on a strange sort of shyness.  Tony had stolen a peek at Steve's neck in the car. It was no long red and swollen and shiny.  It was healing rapidly. It was hard to say yet, but Tony felt like the mark looked different than it had, and he was steeling himself against the very likely possibility that the mark there would no longer be the familiar shape of his own bite mark.
"You'll still be a super-narcissist," said Rhodes comfortingly.
"I bet you're very proud of yourself, aren't you."
"He didn't
In reality Steve could have easily pulled his hands out of Tony's grasp but his mind would never permit such an action in this state. Where ever Tony put him, he would stay. Steve whimpered when Tony finally came inside of him and then continued to fuck into him, Steve having already come undone, untouched, all over the countertop.
"What's Project 84?" asked Tony.  It sounded insanely familiar and Steve must have mentioned it before, but he couldn't for the life of him place in what context.  Tony's brain had an incredible filter that tended to latch onto things like a steel vice, unless they were boring or irrelevant to him, in which case he dumped them with prejudice.  This was probably why most of his relationships had crashed and burned over the years; the vast majority of women Tony dated were vapid, shallow, and ditzy, so he didn't bother to listen to them much.
"I'm already pretty tipsy.  Gonna be honest with you, seeing Ty... his smell's all fucked up, Pep."  He lowered his voice. "He smells... I don't know how to describe it to a beta, he just smells fucked up, okay?"
He was acting weird, feeling weird... he didn't know why.  Could it be the new arc reactor core, screwing with his brain somehow?  An after-effect of Steve's heat?  Tony had never spent a morning like this with anyone.  These were uncharted waters.
He tilted his head a little bit, watching the blond with big, curious eyes, watching him as he smoked.  Though he didn't know his name or anything about him, though he smelled scared, the smell still called to him, a siren's song.
"And what is it that you do, exactly?" Steve asked, catching Bennett a little off guard. The Alpha looked up at him, polite enough to not look surprised at Steve talking to him.
"If you're sure," Steve said softly. It was Tony's birthday, after all, and therefore it was totally his call. Steve was honestly happy to anything. "But there's nothing wrong with you, okay? It's incomparable." He stole a quick kiss before he let Tony tug him along to keep  walking.
He reached out for his notebook.
"Needs of the many outweigh the needs of the few," said Joey with a shrug.  "Me, I don't lose any sleep over it. HYDRA's done a lot of bloody damage, haven't they, committed a lot of murders and even worse.  Either of you ever hear of Project Guiding Star? They had men so brainwashed that they'd drown themselves if their handler told them to.  Yeah, I'd cut off a guy's hand to stop them. The things they'd done to omegas and mutants and people from third-world countries... they need to be stopped."  Joey gave a small, curt nod.
"Steve.  The war's over.  We won," said Tony.  Steve sometimes needed reminded of that.  "Everything's getting better, every day. Listen, you gotta talk to Louis, you wanted this, remember?  Once you finish your interview we can go make a nest together. ...you want me to stay here with you? Would that make it easier?"
Tony hooked his arm with Steve and they strolled into the restaurant together.  The waiter at the door gaped a little when he saw them before quickly collecting himself.
Steve had reached out to shake Malick's hand but quickly let it fall back at the rejection. Huh. Too good to shake his hand then? Well, Steve could work with that. He offered a polite smile as he moved to sit down on Tony's right, leaving him a little closer to Malick than his mate was.
A stage hand offered Tony a mug; he took it.  "Thanks, doll," he said to her, still looking sharply at Steve.  "Also, get me some shrimp.
"Let's get him out of here, he's just torturing himself by being so close to the door," said Pepper.  Happy half-dragged, half-carried Tony away; Tony was literally clawing at the ground.  It wasn't the first time Pepper and Happy had manhandled Tony; he'd been fall-down drunk on plenty of occasions.  But he'd never been like this.  Pepper was so used to Tony being just Tony that she never thought of him as an Alpha, just like she never thought of really anyone in that sense.  But there was no denying that right now, Tony and Steve weren't in their right minds.
"I know, I just mean-- mean that it's good to have my mark there," said Tony, fumbling a little.
He finally moved to begin to eat, chewing on a piece of bacon slowly as he watched Tony flop into bed. Steve's heart hammered in his chest.
!  Tony!"
Tony let Steve help him get dressed and tie his tie.  His right hand was clumsy and delicate.
The soldier shook his head.
"Are the defense systems active... JARVIS?" Maria asked, evidently finding it weird to be talking at the air.
They did ask Steve, of course, about the pregnancy rumors.
"Tony.  For once.  Please. Try to think about someone else," said Pepper softly.
bite, was still there.
"I... don't?"  Steve looked baffled.
George was currently tearing his way through a veggie supreme with extra jalapenos. He waved a hand. "It'll be
But he didn't say anything because he didn't think Steve wanted to hear it.
Malick looked completely speechless.
"How 'bout you? Did Clint have lots of cool comic books in his treehouse? Did you guys do each other's nails or was it more like swapping bubblegum and trading cards?"  He left out that he'd tried to track them.
"Huh." Happy blinked.
"Can't you just cut the little bastard out?" asked Tony.
a second!  I know you!" he said at her ass, snapping his fingers.  "I've seen you in something, you were in, uh--"
Where the hell was Karpov?  Where the hell was his omega?  He had never felt more alone in his life; this was worse even than retraining sessions in that damned chair.
Steve didn't question why Tony suddenly wanted to hide the odd flowers. He just accepted it and leaned into the touch as Tony returned to nosing at his neck. Steve sighed and ran his fingers through his mate's hair.
"Thank you Pepper," Steve breathed, not honestly knowing how she could possibly have the time to talk with Aria and plan with her on top of everything else she did. But he was grateful, beyond a doubt. He watched Gleason check over Tony with a sense of relief. He did worry about his Alpha an awful lot, especially on his bad days, when he'd been drinking in the workshop alone and fell into bed at five. Steve knew it was Tony's drive, that he had to do it. But it still worried him all the same.
like I was doing good."
"Who the hell are you?" asked Tony.
"No," said Tony.  "Is THOR an acronym?  C'mon, gimme a little hint, Barton."
Pepper put her hands on her head, clearly debating with herself.  "I... don't know. He's..."
"I tried to call Pepper. To ask if Stark was feeling anything," Natasha murmured. "She didn't picked up. Aria hasn't heard anything either. Maybe Steve just did get out from under my radar."  She sounded doubtful.  "Or maybe..."
Rhodey and Sam...he couldn't see either of them. Annoying. He wanted to know how they were getting on. Steve moved through the crowds, leaving Taylor with Banksy for the minute as he went to check on his mate.
But, as Pepper had pointed out, that was ancient history, a generation ago.  Nowadays, omegas didn't have to bond, didn't have to mate.  They could, like Steve, lock themselves up and try to preserve their dignity.  And Tony had every intention of letting Steve keep his because the last thing in the world he wanted to do right now was examine his feelings about Steve, which were all muddled up with his feelings about Pepper and his feelings about his mortality.
Then again, what was the point?  Steve didn't want him.  And Steve seemed to like her.
The sad thing was that it was.
"We're working on it, remember, Gleason said before Christmas..." Tony tried to reassure him.  He didn't add that he had doubts. What if Gleason came up empty? Steve was a singularity; everything about him was in direct violation of what nature said was normal.  Who knew if anything worked on him?
"I'm allowed to drink before the simulation thingy, right?" asked Tony, eyeballing the bar in the front entrance as the two of them descended the curve of the main stairs together.  The orchid situation was predictably worse than before.  To prevent the main room from becoming too clogged, whoever had accepted the latest ones had begun putting them on the stairs; they lined the stairs, giving the impression that the orchids in the front room were multiplying and creeping toward their bedroom.  About half the counter space in the kitchen was taken up, and Tony hazarded a glance into the little-used dining room.  The table had been overtaken.  He made a mental note to get Pepper's and Rhodey's out as soon as possible so that they didn't get mixed up with all the others.  Those two were the only ones that were truly meaningful to him.  Had Happy sent one?  If so, that was all three of his friends, right there.  The rest of the flowers would have to go.
"Definitely not in heat," Steve mumbled, his neck still throbbing. He watched Gleason push it into the sink and grimaced at the sound it made.
"Tony's still in bed, I'm afraid, but he should be down within the hour..."
"Well, yeah, it's a beautiful day and I'm honeymooning.  What are you doing here?"
," he said, his voice shaking with vehemence. "It had nothing to do with how dominant you are.  I'm an omega, Tony.  Dominance doesn't matter to me one bit.  It was all do with the fact that if you two were in the same room then--" Then Steve would have had to have fought Bucky. And he wasn't even sure he could win that fight. "Pin me down? Are you serious? Is that funny to you? Do you know what he tried to do?  I was exhausted... I hadn't slept or eaten in days. I thought I was alone. But when he tried to 'pin me down' I fought him. I fought him with
Downstairs, Tony could feel his mate's unease.  Even if he weren't listening to him on the phone, Tony's gut was heavy with Steve's worry.  He liked Steve's attitude, but it concerned him.  Steve seemed confident that he could just talk down the Winter Soldier.  Tony was more inclined to agree with Natasha.  Even if the Winter Soldier was having doubts about HYDRA, why would he spare Steve?  Steve may have been "persuasive," but Tony didn't think that would stop the guy from shooting him if he got the chance.
Tiberius looked up at the ceiling, suddenly fascinated by it.
"Aww... Andy wouldn't do that, I'm sure," said Lola, patting his arm.
"You don't like it," Clint finished for him.
She leaned in.  "...good boy," she said, softly, kindly, her voice so quiet that, even in the stunned silence of the room, only Steve and Tony heard it.
"You and Captain Rogers are generally approved of, but Stark Industries' stocks have dropped another six points due to the coverage of the expo.  The names of the victims were released today.  Miss Potts has your lawyers on standby."
Tony opened his mouth to ask Pepper to remove the baby from his arms.
Steve tried to look excited.
Rhodey had to resist the urge to pick the kid up and just walk straight out with him.
"What kind of breaks should be taking?" Steve asked a little awkwardly. "Like...every few hours, or...?"
Tony let out a small noise of protest.
"Wow, thanks," muttered Mackenzie.
Tony. I'm gonna… I can't--"
Suddenly her voice sounded quiet. "...what?"
He blushed a little when Tony began to strip down but the phone call gave Steve a chance to gather himself. He rubbed at his cheek and then at the back of his neck. Whilst Tony talked to Pepper he went to get him aspirin, sitting at the bedside again as he set the box down on the tray.
"Yeah," he breathed.
"Yes," said Natasha bluntly.
come with me, Donner?  You just gonna keep doing this every night until someone finally bonds with you?"
"That's the problem with people like Malick. They make the choice for us," Steve whispered and stared down at the floor. He rubbed a hand over his face. Maybe if he downed like two bottles of vodka he would feel something, or stop feeling something, or whatever. Steve stood, dropping his jacket over the couch as he did so. Before he'd liked the high collar on it.  Now... not so much.
"Anthony Edward Stark."  Pepper grabbed his sleeve and wheeling him around, fixing him with her stern, green gaze.  "I am sure that Steve is okay, and that he is not with his other Alpha, and that he's going to come home."
Steve offered Sam a half smile. "You wanna go for a run?"
Steve offered Tony a small smile of reassurance as he laid down against the chair. The gel felt cold in his hair, he didn't like it all that much. The wires, too...it reminded him of the serum transformation. While, arguably lifesaving, it had also been painful.
me to eat delicious Greek--"
He wanted to yell that, no, he wasn't bothered by Steve's neck, but he wasn't technically allowed to speak.
"We'll find a petrol station on the way out. They'll have some cigarettes," Steve breathed, taking them in the direction of the nearest highway.  He swatted Bucky's hand away.
Steve elbowed him sharply.
"...Tony?"
"What was that?"
"...a triangular cross-section with the face plates soldered together and secured by a C-shaped binding strip," the docent was saying.
"Great," he said.
It made no sense but it was precisely what he'd been trying to communicate this whole time.
Steve's gaze drifted off. This was typical of his heats, mood swings and strange PTSD flash backs. One moment he was as high as a kite, the next all his happiness was just... gone.
He could have just gone and done it and not asked Steve at all, but Steve was his mate and he felt like it would be underhanded to get it done without telling him.
"Your ego is incredible.  You've got, what, a week to live and you're thinking about
He followed Steve morosely to Judy's car and then set off, four miles north along the dirt road.
, isn't it?" she had shot back.  She'd always had a rapier wit.)
"What about us?" asked Derick; he and Jane were betas.
The song that came on was one that Steve didn't recognise: Hotel Room Service, by Pitbull
hole in there; his sternum had been obliterated; the skin around the arc reactor was melted into raised, pink, waxy swirls; he was a mess, a beautiful mess, a tragic masterpiece.  He wanted to go out with a bang.  He wanted everyone to remember him as he was tonight, happy, powerful, magnificent.  No one knew it except him, but this wasn't a birthday.  It was an Irish wake.  The last party of his life.
"It's fine, we're just going to handle this one step at a time, okay?" said Pepper, guiding Steve down the steps toward the kitchen.  The steps were still lined with orchids, the front room filled with them.
"--going back to Captain America, he's an omega, there's never been a scandal with him--"
.  Now what, now that he was all big and muscular, he was going to dangle this over Bucky's head?  Just to watch him squirm?
Tony flopped into the chair and kicked out one leg, crossing it over the other one, looking utterly unconcerned.  "Sure.  Steve can come in if he wants.  He's my omega, he already knows kind of everything about me, pretty much," he said.  Steve's hovering was easy enough to read.  Tony was pretty sure Steve wanted to be there.  And, thought he was loathe to admit it, it would help to have someone in there when the going got tough.
The moment Steve's clothes were off, he laid down on top of Steve, squirming their bodies together, kissing Steve's face.
He dismissed the thought.  That had been a lifetime ago.
Steve was aware that John was shouting about something to do with photographs and interviews but wasn't really paying attention to him. His two mates were taking up all of Steve's current attention. He was busy keeping their hands above the belt.
Tony held out the pack to her; she shook her head.  "Tony. Running and hiding from things that are hard to deal with... it's not a good coping mechanism."
"...so you, uh... you
Steve glanced sideways at her. "Did you and Mac ever...?"
The moment Tony pressed down on the gland Steve's body light up with sensation. He whimpered and belatedly realised the noise had come from himself . Every time Tony stroked against the gland it felt like he was touching him
The quote underneath read: "
"Send to voicemail; don't take any calls right now, Jarv!" snapped Tony, cradling Steve to him.  Steve's skin was clammy; Tony could actually see his pulse in the hollow of his throat.  "Pretend there was a power outage or that I forgot to pay my phone bill or something... I don't know, just don't put him through! ...Steve," said Tony, trying not to let his omega's panic infect him.  "Hey.  Steve.  It's me, Tony.  We're in Malibu in 2010.  It's me, your Alpha, I've got you.  It's just us.  I need you to calm down, buddy.  Breathe with me."  Steve's body was tense and twitchy; his fists were clenched and Tony had to admit that he was worried Steve might take a swing at him.  Tony wouldn't be able to duck it, and being punched in the face by Captain America was probably like being hit with a brick.  But his concern for Steve was overriding any logical sense of self-preservation; Steve was his omega and he loved him and he would gladly let himself be punched in the face if that was what it look to get Steve to calm down.  He knew Steve, like him, had PTSD and knew that Steve, like him, suffering flashbacks and panic attacks, but this was the first one he'd really witnessed.  Combined with Steve's weird behavior earlier in the morning, Tony was starting to get genuinely worried about his mental health, but he had no idea what to do other than to be there for him.  Tony was ill-equipped to take care of other people; hell, he could barely take care of himself.
"Mhm. It was just to help me to sleep at night on the bad days; she of course didn't really know...but when I found out I wasn't even surprised. Why should any of us be?"
Tony peeled off his wrinkled tux, dumping it unceremoniously on the floor, and crawled into bed next to him, putting an arm around him.  "Hey," he whispered.  He kissed Steve's shoulder.  "Talked to Pep.  She's getting an... omegologist to come see you.  About... the thing.  To make sure you're okay."  He paused.  "...you okay?"
The headline read: "
"Sleep? Let's sleep."
"What?"
Had he even really heard it?  It was more like an echo or a memory.
"Me and Pietro and the girl stayed at motels a lot," offered Bucky as they turned toward a garage, rolling down the window and tossing out his phone.  Motels were good because most of them accepted cash. However, Bucky had no cash. But he could obtain some if Steve directed him to. "Don't you worry about Tony, Steve,
Banksy gave him a hug and a tight squeeze before he left. Even though he was still a little drunk he gave Steve a very serious nod before pulling away...although Steve wasn't entirely sure what that meant. Maybe it was an encouragement; maybe it was a thank-you.  Maybe it was nothing at all.  Or maybe it was everything, because there were some things that were simply too big for words.  Steve wasn't sure, but he squeezed Banksy back and returned the nod, because whatever it was supposed to mean, Steve think he sort of got it... one omega to another.
, so he wasn't entirely to blame.
a dick tonight. Steve was actually pretty pissed at him.  It was hypocritical and unfair.  Tony was cozying up to Ji-Yoo like it was nothing, but he would go mental if Steve if was draping himself all over Alphas and
"Something with mushrooms. I haven't had mushrooms in ages," Steve mused. He half smiled. "I don't think I wanna watch something with a lot of singing in it, to be honest. Maybe
Tony sipped out of his mug, feeling better about all this.  He wasn't sure what had prompted Steve's little outburst backstage (maybe he was jealous over Jeanette?  he shouldn't have been, Jeanette was clearly not interested. A shame.) but he felt like they were over that already.  Steve would talk about his little charity, Tony would made snarky comments, when the show was done filming they'd go backstage and chill with Danielle McDavid and Banksy and Boswell, and then they'd go home, pack up, and make for the lodge.
"Not unless I fight Barnes to the death.  What, I'm gonna go beat up an old man?"
"I said,
"Steve isn't really the kind of guy who needs rescued," said Sam.  "I think he can handle himself."
Tony pictured Steve wearing one before he could help himself, then immediately felt guilty.  His boner wilted.
There was a split second of sizing each other, a typical thing for Alphas.  The Wakandan king was more dominant than Tony but not by a great amount; he wasn't overly dominant, not threateningly so.  Tony stuck out a hand, then remembered his hand was bandaged, but T'Chaka had already taken it with surprising delicacy.
"What, do you want to buy an island or something?" she asked, sounding amused.
Thankfully, Steve would be spending the very next day with Clint, so hopefully, he would be protected from the worst of the backlash.
"You'd better hurry.  Everyone's asking for transfers.  The twins have been creeping out everyone with a clearance higher than four."
for you."
"What is SHIELD?" asked Pietro.
"...yes, sir?"
"Hey... you still wanna hit up the Expo?"
"Oh.  Okay," said Bucky, not looking away.  He had a gooey look on his face, the kind of look Tony occasionally gave to cheesecakes and bottles of scotch and circuit boards.
She moved, offering Emily her hand with a warm smile. The girl took it and let Jed lead her out of the tent, the flap falling shut as he bent down to check Tony's temperature. "You need water," he murmured and then tugged on Tony's arm, gently persuading him out from under the bed until his head was resting in Steve's lap. He ran his hands through his Alpha's hair and felt him tremble. His forehead was clammy. "I'm sorry," Steve whispered, feeling miserable as he stared at the sick on the floor. "I wish I could make it better."
, that I agreed to it.  I presented a hypothetical scenario over the phone.  Like you said, I never consented.  Right?  I never..."
"Someone like him?" prompted Tony.
Steve looked rattled.  "You okay?" she asked, more gently.  "You look flushed... Have some champagne..."
He pulled his shirt off and tossed it aside, then grabbed a pillow and leaned over it, partially covering his chest.  It was an automatic movement.  Tony had taken home plenty of women in the last two years and he'd grown used to covering the worst of the scarring, the bright light that illuminated it.
He'd seen it right through the head of the soldier he'd been laughing with moments before.
Gideon, Jr.," said Donner, miffed.
"Maybe," said Tony, a grin spreading on his face.  "I want to enjoy this before I unwrap you."
"No.  Reassignment or conversion therapy is no better than an omega overdosing on suppressants.  Total waste of money," said Richard. "..no doubt I'm going to raise some hackles from the conversion folks who are here but, hey, that's science.  Now. Short of genetic testing, there's no way to tell what genes you're carrying. The best way to do this is to look at your family make-up. If you want a breeder who's going to sire Alphas, take a look at the siblings, take a look at the parents.  Word of warning: male omegas aren't as good breeders as females. The female body made room for uterus; the male body didn't. Males are more likely to miscarry and the birthweight of their babies is more likely to be low. Which isn't to say they aren't absolute delights, right, Rex?"
"Oh, it's easy," said Tony, who was holding his injured hand out of the shower to keep the bandages from getting wet.  There were, by Steve's estimation, a billion jets in Tony's shower, and he was getting water all over the floor by having the glass door open.
"It will be easier for you if you don't know."
Donner sat awkwardly in the passenger seat, not sure where, precisely, his role was in all this.
"Steve, it's so good to finally make your acquaintance!" said Remi, shaking Steve's hand.  "We at SA are so very proud to have you on our side... our membership has skyrocketed. It's such a wonderful thing to see people excited about omega rights again."
Steve moved to put the collar keys in his waistcoat pocket where they would be safe, then shrugged off his jacket. "There, happy now?" he said and the woman at the desk just moved to write something down. He sighed internally. This was going to be a very long weekend.
Two hours after Steve's first text, Pepper got another one from Steve's 'new' number. She looked up quickly; Aria and Happy were one the other side of the room sipping on coffee. "Steve just texted. He wants to come see Tony, without an audience. He's asked us to give them space. He'll be here in twenty."
"Well," said Tony.  He rose on shaky legs.  He was impressed he could stand at all.  His whole body felt weird and weak and liquidy.  He doubted his ability to drive safely, but he had to get out of here.
"Fine. Jeez. We can get food and some cigarettes  if only to stop you from complaining, but then we have to get on the move, Buck," Steve sighed and leaned against the side of the car, watching him. For a moment they were back in the forties again, arguing behind enemy lines whilst Falsworth poured over maps. Except this was a different century and Steve was helping a wanted criminal escape.
Steve sighed quietly with a lopsided smile. "I don't want anyone else; I don't wanna feel it from the other end.  I like being an omega.  I just... I just want... just you," he whispered and reached down to grab the dogtags. "These. Don't want these- why did you- where did they come from..." He suddenly looked upset. Steve fiddled and sat up and dropped them on the floor before he tilted his head up to kiss along Tony's jaw.
"Not that it matters, but yes, I am."
that year, oh my goodness, rain and rain and rain and rain, and finally we had to shoot indoors which was really
"I am now," said Lydia without a hint of being bothered.  She offered Tony another collar. "This one's not too flashy.  Rose gold with diamonds. Subtle, gentle--"
Tony laughed at Steve's horror.  "Oh, that's nothing.  I bet at least half of this stuff is from total whackos.  It always is.  ...look, the Kennedys sent us an orchid, that's nice...
Steve frowned a little. That was a good way of looking at it. He leaned over and pulled her into a hug. "Thank you Nat. I don't deserve you, really."
"Ha!" he said.  His triumph was short-lived.  His sleeve was on fire.  He slapped at it.  "Euler's ghost, the fuck," he said.  His whole world had become a narrow, surreal fight for survival.  In front of him, the damned man was still, somehow, alive, grinning, walking toward him, his skin shiny with burns and abrasions, and Tony was crouched, staring at him, wondering what the hell he was supposed to do next, because so far, he'd been lucky, but unless something changed, and fast, Tony was pretty sure he was going to lose this fight.  He stared, wide-eyed, still not ready to stop.  It wasn't his nature.  Tony had always been a fighter, a stubborn ass who didn't know when to quit.  The cables crackled ominously, dangling from the man's hands; the two of them made eye contact, but neither spoke.  What was there to say?  Their lives had both been distilled to this single, simple moment of survival.  They were nothing more than mortals, animals, fighting.  Tony didn't know why.  Didn't care, either.  He just didn't want to die.
"Yes. What I'm trying to say is, you still know what you want. Like if you don't like spinach, if you're drunk or something, you're not gonna
He sat back up, blinking. Then he rubbed at his eyes. Nothing.
"It's not
There was an uncomfortable, pregnant pause.  Tony's eyes widened.  "Nooo!  ...really?!  That's hilarious!  Rogers, why didn't you employ the Barton technique?  I would have totally joined up if I knew--"
Karpov held up a middle finger as he left.  His dislike for Yasic had just increased tenfold.  The idea of using the soldier like that was about as revolting to him as the idea of using one of the K-9 units, or the barrel of his gun.  The soldier was equipment. Nothing more. Perhaps that was why he found the use of the witch and of the soldier's bond so distasteful. The soldier shouldn't have a bond; he shouldn't have memories; he was a shell, an organic robot, not a person.
He went upstairs. The shield was at the back of their wardrobe. It was so strange to see it now. Steve's life had become so domestic, compared to his more recent track record. His shield was a part of his old life and now struggled for any sort of relevance in his new one. Steve sighed. He didn't know what to do with it.
"I'm going outside for a smoke!" announced Tony loudly, turning and rushing as quickly as he could through the crowd toward the pool deck.
"солдат.  ты не понимаешь?"
That was his only link to the world, the only person who knew what was going on.  Without his handler, without him, he was lost.  Whose orders would he follow if they killed Karpov?  How could he live knowing he was responsible for the man's death?  Damn it all, damn his hesitation, damn him for being imperfect.  He had surely earned whatever punishment he faced but he did not care.
The song, thankfully, calmed Tony down. There was some cooing from the kitchen (probably Tracy and Alexis). Steve glanced over to see that Banksy had grabbed Danielle to dance with too. "See? Is this so hard?" Steve said softly, pressing a kiss to Tony's forehead. He didn't think about the height difference much...but it probably should have occurred to him that it bothered Tony. He could still feel how wound up his mate was and sighed, closing his eyes too for a brief moment. "Come on. You get to screw Captain America every night, and he doesn't, isn't that enough?"
It’s summer. James wears a linen tunic now, instead of the usual wool.
with a shaky voice.
“Breathe.”
“No. It’s a joke. Some days I feel like I am, though.”
He had stopped. Sort of. Since coming out of the ice he’s smoked, what, maybe ten cigarettes. But while he was in Wakanda...
Steve’s mother-henning is annoying, but only to an extent. It makes him feel protected, more than anything. Safe. Held, like when Steve puts his hand around Tony’s throat and keeps him there.
, Christ, how does Steve even know that exists) every day and Tony just. He just.
“Tony—”
His love for Tony changes every day; every day it becomes different and amazing; it’s an endless puzzle to which Steve adds a piece every day, to make it bigger and stronger and more complex and articulated.
Tears. Steve is crying.
“I’ll text Manuela. The staff will take care of it.”
It’s like that morning in the tub, but better, because now Steve’s touch doesn’t have that grain of uncertainty to it anymore. Now it’s only love, it’s only hope.
Steve squeezes Tony’s hand. “We better get going, uh?”
He fucks into Tony’s mouth, still holding him by his hair, and he’s rough and distracted and using too much strength but he doesn’t worry and he doesn’t care and he looks down and sees Tony trying to unfasten his pants.
Tony wakes up between Steve’s arms, with his face nestled into Steve’s chest. His skin is matted with dried tears, his mouth parched, his tongue heavy. Tastes gray.
Finally, later that night, Maria is asleep.
A drop of come drips off Tony’s jaw and onto the glass of the arc reactor. Steve looks at it, looks at Tony. Tony nods. Steve licks it off, slowly, careful not to put too much pressure on the glass even if he’s pretty sure it doesn’t make a big difference, and he knows that Tony can’t really feel it.
“Do you want me, Tony?”
He doesn’t ask if she’s his. He doesn’t insult Tony like that. And he knows she’s his; she can only be his. She smells like him from a whole floor away, and Tony still smells like him. The bite on his shoulder stings.
It’s about to start raining, and Steve is alone.
“Yeah, it’s Thor’s,” Steve replies in the end, sitting on the wall. “He left a bunch of clothes when he went back to Asgard. Told me it’d be a great honor if I used them.” He seems to weight his next words, but he doesn’t look sure of his choice. He whispers. “I only have this with me. The rest is at the compound. In my, my, my room. My old room.”
They move to the couch after loading the dishwasher, and Steve zaps through the channels before settling on
What’s got into Tony anyway, why is he doing this?
That’s not good. It’s also very probably Steve’s fault.
He carries Tony inside the guest house once he’s parked the car, settles him on the couch.
“Do you guys talk to her in another language, besides English?” the pediatrician asks them when they voice their concern to her.
But Tony doesn’t say anything. He just looks at Steve, eyes a little wide, lips apart in mild surprise.
Steve doesn’t reply, only breathes, harsh and shallow, and Tony moves his hand from Steve’s ass to his lower back, caresses his spine, lowers his head to press kisses there.
The way he clenched around Steve, the way he cradled Steve’s head in his hands and kissed him and kissed him and kissed him, and didn’t stop even when Steve’s mouth went slack and he couldn’t do anything except feel like he had just cut a piece of his own soul so that Tony could keep it safe inside himself.
to you before?”
“Not scared. Just surprised,” Steve says, taking his hand out of the water and cupping Tony’s face with it. Tony takes Steve’s wrist, just like that morning, and this time he doesn’t flinch back, he does the opposite, in fact: he leans in, and presses his forehead to Steve’s while he keeps caressing Tony’s face with his big, wet hand.
They end up actually getting the ties, the blue one with the kitties for Tony, the red one with the puppies for Steve, and a bottle green one for Rhodey, because he adores green. Steve insists on carrying the little paper bag.
Family.
“Shut up,” Tony says. “Let’s sit down and eat.”
Stella leaves soon after.
“Got it,” Tony says, and leaves.
But it’s too late.
“Is this... is this us?” Tony asks in the end, his voice neutral in tone but a bit unsteady, hoarse with sleep.
The life that Steve dreams of, the life that only exists between the pages of his secret sketchbook, the life that he keeps hidden in his sock drawer like a shameful secret, that life, suddenly materializes in Steve’s room. It’s in the heat radiating from Tony’s hand and into Steve’s head, it’s in the softness of Tony’s silk pants on Steve’s cheek, in Tony’s aftershave filling Steve’s nostrils, in Steve’s hand still resting on Tony’s knee, in the comfort of the silence between them, in the muscle memory that comes from knowing each other intimately, in the rain washing over the windows.
Steve’s breath hitches, but Tony continues, “I hope I’m not overstepping here, but, uh... she really loved you. Losing you, it fucked her up. She learned to deal with it, she worked, she had a family… she found closure in the end, because she had to. She had no other choice. But sometimes she cried when she told me her stories—your stories.”
, and then he curls up on himself waiting for the unsatisfied rut to finish him.
Steve takes a deep breath, and releases it against Tony’s skin.
He texts him,
Tony falls asleep quickly. His body is fully relaxed beneath Steve, warm and compact and under Steve’s total control. Under his care. Tony’s breathing is regular and slow, he really is sleeping. And he let Steve do this. He gave himself up to Steve, completely. He said,
“We’re going skinny-dipping!” Tony says, as if he’s a kid, excited and serene and without a single care in the whole world. “Come on,” he says again, tugging at Steve’s cardigan.
“Just the way you are. He loves you just the way you are.”
Tony puts a fork on the table, then rests a hand on the wooden surface, makes Steve look up. Tony’s gaze is stern.
“I don’t.”
Goddammit.
“Why don’t you, uh… bend—”
“Come on,” he says then, “you promised me food.”
“Yes! Yes, please.”
Holy shit.
“I like to imagine that they can have some… quiet. That they can rest. Talk. Find some peace, maybe.”
So in the end, it’s just weird. But Steve decided long ago that he isn’t going to say anything about it, that he’s going to respect Tony’s boundaries and not ask about any of them. Not about the no kissing rule, not why he avoids looking at Steve, why he keeps as silent as possible, why there’s some unspoken law that forbids them both to talk about all of this. And Steve could, really, he could simply go
She doesn’t comment on the fact that her dads are together. On a couch. That they’re cuddling her
We'll take the room.
He balances himself on his tiptoes, cradles Steve’s face in his free hand, and kisses him on the cheek. Steve keeps his eyes closed the whole time Tony’s lips are on his skin.
“I can teach you.”
“Think so,” Tony says, and he splays a hand over his chest. He grows thoughtful; his face darkens with sadness. “I’m sorry about last night. You probably didn’t think you’d be stuck with someone like... like I am now.”
He’d been scared by Steve’s deep-rooted self-loathing, by the way he kept tripping over his words, his speech patterns reduced to the simplest sentences by a guilt so intense it became pain. The anguish on his face, the degrading violence he inflicted upon himself, how the only things he sounded sure of were that Tony would never forgive him, would never want him.
“Yeah.”
She puts the doll on Steve’s chest, and Steve tries to move his arm to hug it. He doesn’t manage very well, but it must be enough for Sarah, who seems to be very happy with the results. She sits close to him.
But then, he knows. The
Tony thinks in probabilities, separates scenarios, predicts outcomes. There are thousands of ways this could go wrong. The ways this could go well are more than he would’ve initially guessed, but he struggles to let himself think them, envision them fully.
Tony knows it’s Steve by the way he knocks on his door. It’s fast, but very soft. Steve has always been kind with him; he’s never been threatening or violent. Never. Except in Leipzig and that day in the HYDRA base in Siberia.
“Right after Siberia, I didn’t go home. I went to a hospital—the same one where I got the shrapnel taken out. Spent ten days there. The shield, it… the chestplate... That’s why I have this scar. But the edge of the shield actually dug into me. Right over my heart.”
Steve rinses his face in the bathroom, pees, washes his hands and drinks some water from the tap.
, he means to say.
He tells Tony, who makes the same face Steve pulls when Tony talks about equations, forces, engines, particles, reactors.
“As if you aren’t used to them... But tell me, how’s the Robotics Department going?”
Everything is very still for a moment, a heartbeat that never happens.
Tony gets to work. He takes the fish (four gilt-head breams) out of the fridge, cuts off the heads and cleans the entrails out. It grosses him out a bit; it always does. Mom used to be grossed out too, and maybe he is only because she was. As if she didn’t teach him just the recipe, but the attitude behind the actions as well.
Tony closes his eyes. “Kiss me,” he asks, and Steve does.
“Hold my hand, would you?”
Tony lays him on the ground carefully, helps him sit against a tree. There’s a clearing in front of them, the Hydra base visible in the distance. It’s an ugly, gray two-building monstrosity that wouldn’t have been out of place in fascist Italy. Steve can hear movements inside, confused orders being shouted out. They’ll catch up with them soon if they don’t haul ass fast, but Steve’s legs are dead weight and he’s completely naked. He looks down at himself and everything is either bruised or covered in blood.
Steve managed to undress. He’s naked now, lying stomach down on Tony’s bed, trying to breathe in the scent he left on his pillow, and fucking into his hand and into the mattress with a desperation he’s never felt so keenly in his life.
Then he smiles, as bright as the sun.
“Me too.”
Steve is in his room, gathering the last of his clothes. He hasn’t slept here in months, but moving all his stuff to the penthouse has been a slow process, even though he doesn’t even own that much stuff.
“Nah. People still love you. I mean, some are calling you a war criminal, but… you know, in general.”
... that was pretty convincing.”
The song ends.
“We’ll figure it out. With her. We love her. We made a mistake, a terrible mistake. She’ll forgive us.”
And they do. On the cheek; one, and then the other.
“You do? I’m— I can probably dye it if you wan—”
Tony looks at him with a confused expression on his face, a deep frown bringing his eyebrows together. He shakes his head and Tony looks worried.
They are identical. Two suns.
Before—
“You want help with dinner?” Steve asks when he sobers up.
Steve rolls him to the side, pressing himself against Tony’s back, caressing his hip and making him shiver. He nibbles at his neck, then, and Tony turns his head to kiss him—just a brush of lips, chaste and heartbreaking. Steve tastes like tears, and Tony knows not all of them were shed out of relief.
There’s no meantime. There’s just the wait.
“Then why is your face so red?”
“But what about the suit? The other night, I could see the reactor.”
They eat in silence. The broth is warm down Steve’s throat, a small comfort. It’s delicious, too.
“I don’t wanna be like that,” Steve says, quietly, and his worry is palpable through the bond. Tony can even smell it on him—the fear, the misery, the hopelessness.
It is. It’s the most beautiful thing he’s ever seen.
“I don’t know what to do. He said to call you and told me to leave and then he passed out.”
“You said that already.”
Something makes Tony’s heart sting.
Steve slides an arm across Tony’s shoulders, playful, but tired. “Shut up,” he says.
Feeling Tony in his mind, again, with no secret corners this time.
There’s a long pause. Natasha seems to be thinking about what to say next, but she’s displeased about it.
They stay like that, in silence, for many precious minutes, and Steve has the time to assess how much his body is hurting, which is a lot. But it’s still the phantom pain in his mind that truly kills him.
Steve strokes over Tony’s cheekbone with his thumb.
Tony isn’t sure if Steve kissed his hair on not, just now, but it felt like he did.
His soul, interweaving with Steve’s.
“I know. You don’t want to talk about it. That’s fine.” Steve puts his hands on his hips, then drops them. He bows his head in thought. “I’m not… I’m not a patient person, Tony. I’ve never been. I don’t wanna pressure you into making a decision. You need time, I’m gonna suck it up and give it to you. But don’t pretend you don’t know what I’m talking about when I tell you that no, I don’t just daydream about kissing you under a tree. I’m not 15. I know what I want. And I’ll wait for you to tell me if you can give it to me or not. I owe you that.”
“Tony, uh, listen to—” His Alpha voice, there, just for a second. Then gone again. Gentle, normal Steve voice. “I can feel from the bond that you don’t want me to touch you, so I’m… but if you need me to… Anything at all, Tony, I’m here. I’m here, sweetheart.”
?” Steve asks, as soon as the elevator opens.
“Don’t worry. Sleep.”
And there’s something else. There’s someone else. Steve.
“Leave me,” he says. Tony shoots him the coldest look. “They’ll be here soon. You need the advantage.”
I watch the clouds from the window. The blue sky. The white clouds.
“No—” he starts.
Steve wants to scream, he—
“Wanna—”
“Why did you give me the piece of mesh, Steve?”
“Anyway, she wrote a book. Well, she wrote a bunch of books, about astrophysics, but then she wrote this other one. An autobiography. She talks about my mother there, and I’d like you to read that chapter.”
They look at each other for several long seconds after they stop kissing, and Tony feels like he’s intruding in a very private moment, but at the same time he sort of can’t stop watching.
good.
Steve pulls at his cuffs with a growl, and agony blinds him for endless seconds.
The question is obvious:
broken—
“Me too,” Steve says, and he feels Tony squeeze his hand tight.
She’s the closest thing he’s ever had to a daughter, there’s no way he could… but then—
He walks to the car. Pepper arranged it for him, as a personal favor he shouldn’t have asked for in the first place.
“But I was keeping still. All fours is safer.”
Good morning.
“There’s been no explosion,” Steve says. “Tony. What were you talking about?”
“If only I saw through her pretense, back then, if I paid more attention... I can’t believe I missed it.”
He can see the staircase carved into the stone. The ground is dry now, but the air is still damp.
Tony reads the words.
“A paper,” Tony replies.
“Oh my god, you two are terrible.”
changed him. And Tony never even tried to fight. He didn’t give up after a while, he didn’t attempt to rebel in the beginning and then abandoned the idea when he saw how impossible it was to free himself. He simply never tried.
“Yes, buddy. Very much.”
“Tony, Tony, hey—”
“Because she knew. Deep down, she knew how weak I was. That he was right.”
Tony stretches out onto the bed, turning towards the middle of the mattress so he can look at Sarah while she sleeps. He leaves Steve to make his decision. He can’t do more than ask.
“Do you, uh... do you believe in God?”
“Steve, I’m—”
“Uh, I, I guess I did.”
“I don’t know if you could ever forgive me. I don’t know if I would, if I were you. You’re stronger than me, though.”
“I was, too. When I crashed the plane—I was afraid, I was so afraid.”
Steve doesn’t understand for a moment—he needs to pay more attention, he’s starting to look stupid—then realizes Tony is talking about their food.
“Just reach for it, Steve.”
I smell of rose oil.
“Don’t... don’t call me Rogers. Please.”
“I’m here, sweetheart. I’m here, I’ve got you.”
Coffee?
Steve moves fast: has Tony lay on his side, keeps his fingers buried in him, swallows Tony’s cock down. Tony regains some brain function and gets Steve’s hint, starts moving his hips and fucks Steve’s face, fucks himself on Steve’s fingers. Steve hears him scream at some point, sob; looks up and sees Tony crying.
friends, Tony. I don’t know why I said we weren’t. Maybe it’s because we aren’t right now, and I keep mixing up past and present.”
Steve sags forward against Tony. Tony’s there, sitting between Steve’s legs. He holds Steve close while Steve cries and mumbles “I’m sorry, I’m sorry, I’m so sorry,” over and over again into Tony’s neck, as if that could change anything.
Tony keeps his voice low and his tone calm, but he’s angry. He’s so angry.
It makes him feel almost bad, now, all of a sudden. That he didn’t try everything in his power and beyond to bring Tony back to him, to bring Tony back at all. But Steve has thought about it; that’s why he was so quick to suggest it to Spider-Man.
He thinks of climbing the stairs. But he can’t, because Steve isn’t with him.
Tony wakes up with some difficulty, but he smiles at Steve before going to the bathroom. When he comes back he looks less sleepy, and his hair is damp—he must have washed his face.
The thing that Tony feels in the sharpest way when he thinks about Steve and their relationship is regret. Sure, there’s love, too. There’s always been love, earth-shattering and life-altering love, but right now regret is squeezing Tony’s battered heart between its long, cold fingers, and making it hard to breathe.
You can get used to anything.
He was almost sure he could avoid it, he just needed to find an excuse to run to the bathroom without making Tony suspicious or letting him see…
And of course it’s not like that between Steve and him, not anymore. That ship has sailed and sunk more spectacularly than the Titanic. But still, the stuff they’ve been doing… Tony would feel uncomfortable, if he were to discover just now that Steve was in a relationship with someone else this entire time.
“Sweaty and dirty—”
I can’t lose you either. You’re the first thing I had in the future.”
Tony gasps with every bob of Steve’s head, with every push of his fingers, and eventually comes in Steve’s mouth, for the second time in the span of only a few hours.
There were about five hundred other solutions to this issue that Tony could have found, if he wanted. Another orphanage. People who wanted to adopt. Countless others.
In the end, Tony knows he has the final say, and he accepts their friends’ presence. He can see that it’s uncomfortable for them, though. Natasha is jittery—spending so much time in a room with another Alpha who’s going through such a powerful rut must be hell for her. Bucky keeps scrunching up his nose and making a disgusted face. It makes Tony smile. To him, Steve smells beautiful.
“Sure, it’s not the most ideal timing. I agree. But you need this, and I’m here for you. Maybe it’s actually better this way. God knows how much time we would’ve wasted dancing around this thing if left to our own devices.”
Steve rearranges their bodies on the bed, lifts Tony like he weighs nothing to him (he doesn’t) and makes him lie down on his back. Steve hovers over him, balancing himself up with one arm on the mattress. He takes the base of his dick with his other hand, lines himself up, looks down at Tony’s lap and–
“Thank you.”
As if that is something Steve is going to do no matter what, whether Tony forgives him or not. As long as they’re both taking care of the alien threat, they’ll have to see each other, have a relationship, however distant. And Steve just said,
Sam sighs. He sounds so tired. “We screwed this up so bad, Steve.”
Tony lowers his gaze again, but there’s a small, sincere smile on his face. He leaves without saying anything else, and Steve goes to his room to take a shower, and isn’t as sad anymore.
Steve Rogers is in front of his car.
“Wasn’t a test.”
Tony sobs and Steve removes his hands.
Tony feels Steve lace their fingers together in the space between the armchairs. Steve’s hand is strong and warm, and Tony feels his limp and lifeless.
“Can I at least sit here, with you?” Tony asks, and Steve nods, because he doesn’t trust his throat with words right now.
And now, a billion years later, Steve is approaching the cherry tree again, and sure enough, Tony is there.
He squints in the sun, the light too bright even through his sunglasses.
“Not really. Every couple of years, for a few days. Sometimes a week.”
These men, they’re all dead. Thinking about them is of no use.
Steve leans forward on the chair, rests his elbows on his thighs. Tony looks at the endless expanse of his back and knows exactly how warm it would be to the touch.
His lips are so chapped that they bleed. He looks at the red stain left on his pillow and he wonders if there’s anything else inside him, anything else except blood, vomit, shit, and piss.
“Didn’t mean it like that.” Steve pauses, “Give it a minute. We can do other stuff in the meantime.”
The thick fog of images clears out from Steve’s mind, and he gasps, too loud, and he hopes he doesn’t wake Tony up again.
“We just need to nurture the bond and—”
Still, he says, “J?”
It lasts only a second. Tony comes back to the surface immediately, wiping the water away from his face, opening his eyes and looking around himself, breathing through his mouth.
His voice.
. It doesn’t bother me. Does it bother you?”
They will bury me in these clothes.
The man shouldn’t have woken Tony up. His body will shut down soon. There was something in progress that wasn’t allowed to run until complete, and nature—science—always asks for its price.
He drags his underwear down just enough for his cock to spring free, but he can still feel the elastic constricting him, pressing down on his balls, around his ass.
And all the rest—the nature of the information, what he and Sam were trying to do with it—also feels like trying to justify the unjustifiable, because the hard truth is that Steve should’ve told Tony, but couldn’t bring himself to do it.
Steve sobs, and Tony feels as though a current unravels into him, cruel in how vulnerable it leaves him. He squeezes his eyes shut, keeps the air immobile in his lungs. His pain is so deep and thick that he can’t even breathe through it, and while his tears seem to bring him some form of relief, it’s still a slow process.
“Oh, damn,” Stella says, “I better start making some food or we’ll just stare at each other for dinner.”
“I hope it’ll inspire some of your drawings.”
And Tony goes.
Stella looks at Steve seriously for a few moments. She swallows, and starts wiping down the counter. “Steve. Can I ask… what did you do to him?”
“I thought JARVIS was—”
“Now you’re just trying to impress me.”
“I don’t… I was very...”
I don’t know how much time I have left before my execution. The others say it could be months or even years. Until there are new slaves, captured during the wars. Until then, probably.
The sun reflects on the water and makes it shine so brightly that Steve has to squint a bit, while Tony slides his sunglasses back on.
“There’s no team anymore.”
Countless cycles of the same thing.
He doesn’t know what to say.
“I know that now. I don’t know why I ever thought you would,” Steve confesses. He really has no idea. The only thing he remember is the fear. For Bucky, for Tony. For himself, too, because he was a coward and didn’t want to be the one to tell Tony about this. He didn’t want to see the light behind Tony’s eyes shatter, didn’t want to be associated with this terrible memory in Tony’s mind.
The glass hasn’t been put in night mode. Steve must have forgotten.
He needs to change his uniform. Right.
—almost antagonistic.
Steve’s lips curl with amusement. “Of course not.”
The smell of blood fills the air around them.
He wakes up with his dick so hard he can’t even touch it. He forces it back into the toy channel and fucks into it so violently he can feel the bed shake with it. After only a few gut-wrenching thrusts, he screams his orgasm into the pillow, throat sore and aching, and his knot swells again while he comes.
His hands, his silver bracelets, his dark curls framing his handsome face in such an elegant way, the gray at his temples. His bright eyes, brown and deep, alive with a million ideas. His beard, peppered with white, his beautifully tan skin. The faint smell of coconut. And then his sweaty armpits, his scuffed canvas shoes. He’s so tiny compared to Steve—Steve is really noticing it only now. The way he’s shaped: muscled shoulders, curvy hips; his belly stretches the front of his t-shirt just a bit. He’s short and small and the exact opposite of weak and helpless; Steve wants to wrap him up in his arms and kiss him, keep him forever in his bed, whisper,
There’s a long moment of silence. Steve holds his breath, waits for Tony’s reaction. Maybe it was a mistake. God, Steve is so stupid and—
A final note: the title of the story is, of course, from Mia Martini's wonderful song, Almeno tu nell'universo. Maybe only the Italians between you know this, but Mia Martini had an incredibly tough life, and there was a lot of unhappiness in it. Maybe some of that reality leaked in the way I wrote Maria's story here. I hope Mia is happy too, now, wherever she is.
Tony laughs.
“Hey! I
“He said I should call whenever I want. And text. That he’ll reply as much as possible.”
Tony bows his head, nodding over and over. Steve can practically feel him turning the words into his head, acquiring new confidence with them, with their tangibility, with the new reality they shape.
“Please don’t say anything.”
“Alright,” he says, and heads upstairs to wash his face and change into proper clothes. He doesn’t look at himself in the mirror while the water takes away the dried tears from his skin.
Steve leads him into the bathroom, and shuts the door. Tony keeps his arm close to his chest, holds the ice pack to his shoulder. Steve moves towards the bathtub, starts to fill it with water, so that Tony knows what he has in mind, and can say something if he doesn’t want to do this.
Despite these clumsy attempts, he couldn't be more different from Howard.
It all happens in the blink of an eye.
“But you? I care about you. Don’t make me worry.”
for the last time.
As if they were lovers. As if they were married in blood and death.
Tony is staring up at him, eyes wide with surprise—at himself, maybe, or at what Steve can bring out of him. He raises his arms to reach for Steve, wants him close. Steve shifts on top of him, hugs him, holds him through the aftershock of his orgasm. Tony kisses him, sloppy, open-mouthed, like he can’t be bothered with technique right now, he only cares about Steve’s lips touching his.
There is a roe doe staring at them, with its little fawn close by.
But his stomach grumbles again, and it feels as loud as an explosion in the quiet of the bedroom.
He sits down on the rocky ground, and Tony follows him. He sees Steve look curiously at the little stream right in front of them and hesitate for a moment. Then, Steve shifts and reaches out with his hand, dips his fingers into the water.
“I need you to knot my mouth.”
“What?”
Tony pays the owner for the night and they’re back on the street in ten minutes.
“And humble.”
He knows it’s cruel, and by the time he starts to reconsider, Steve places the scrap of paper on Tony’s thigh, careful not to touch him.
“He had made a couple of, how can I say, worrying comments… about taking you away from her. I guess at some point he realized he had a son he could use as leverage. Maria had money, sure, but your father was powerful, and had political connections. As vague as his threats were, they scared Maria enough to stay.” Stella pauses, seems to carefully consider her next words. “She stayed for you, and she never regretted that.”
and his mind is suddenly filled with images of himself kneeling in front of Steve, hooking his fingers on Steve’s waistband and dragging the sweatpants down around his ankles, licking at Steve’s groin and tasting a deep white heaven on his tongue.
an omega, and he was not a slave to his biology.  He was a human being.
Pepper's eyes widened; she rose hurriedly, grabbed Sitwell's arm, and tugged.
"Really? Maybe... maybe I could ask DeSoto more about his day-to-day life. Maybe it'll come up then." Steve's interested was admittedly a little piqued. "He doesn't look pregnant or anything. I can't think of much else that would make you really wanna protect the guy. He's not getting rid of him, is he? Like he basically ditched Trickshot?"
Steve didn't go fetch the drink but he didn't think Tony noticed either, too wrapped up in his own desperation. He didn't see how drinking would help anything right now. He knew Tony was stressed and scared. He could see it in his face. But the man needed to be at his best to tackle this, not tipsy. Tony was being uncharacteristically quiet...which was to be expected with everything Steve had done. And the fact that he was, you know, dying.
He squeezed Steve's hand, and even though Steve still felt defensive and annoyed, he squeezed back.
Natasha shot a look down the table at Tony. "I don't."
get an award, Romanov?"
"What are you doing?" asked Natasha.
began to register what Tony had just said, about being called Bucky, about calling him Pepper. During his heats Steve laughed at everything and nothing. He would start giggling from eating a banana, or because he was taking a piss. Anything could set him off really. And Tony just had. The moment he came on Steve's face, he started laughing so hard he began wheezing.
"Deal.  And also don't tell Steve."
"...'k," said Emily thoughtfully.  "Want me to leave Tigger so you don't get lonely?"
"An omega, sir."
"Did you text him yet?"
Another question: "Are you worried about getting lost in the Tony Stark limelight? I imagine he casts a pretty big shadow."
"...c'mon, they're super soldiers, one bullet's not gonna hurt him."
Steve knelt in an instance, and it was the most beautiful thing Tony had ever seen.  It was like the Northern Lights or the Great Barrier Reef, a unique, natural, incomprehensibly lovely thing and Tony felt like he could literally weep.  He was still curled on the couch and a part of him wanted to drop down with Steve, enfold him.  But that wouldn't have been right or proper.  Not yet.  Because, deep down, he understood this was a power dynamic; Steve was submitting to his dominance and Tony had to accept that, had to demonstrate his authority to Steve and validate his yielding.
"...need to talk to you.
"...but Steve's allowed to go if I'm with him, right?  I mean, we're bonded, I'm his Alpha..." Most modern Alpha-only clubs at least made an exception for bonded pairs.
Tony turned back.  "We gotta evacuate.  Now.  Right now."  He grabbed Steve.  Could Steve walk?  He wasn't going to wait to find out.  He tossed Steve over his shoulder like he weighed no more than a sack of flour.  "Rhodey, grab Pepper. Happy, move, now. Clear the Expo, it's not safe. Vanko wouldn't give up this easily- can you hear me?"
"I'll send you everything my friend sent me," Steve said as he forwarded the text on. "I know you were worried about her but it looks like maybe she's okay."
"See?  You didn't need me after--"
anything but he had to get his energy out
Tony sighed miserably.  Bucky was going to hang over this relationship for a while, he knew.  He felt a tinge of guilt, knowing that Steve couldn't help it.  He'd bonded with Bucky before Tony had ever been born, and he hadn't realized...
Donner paused, turned, and looked at Malick.  One of his hands slid over his stomach, and then, he smiled.  "
Now that Donner was both safe and out of his house, he was feeling a lot better.  And he was actually looking forward to going off to England for a while, just the two of them.  Tony looked Steve over again, gooily. The weird thing about bonds was that they pretty maintained the same level of over-the-top devotion for their entirety.  Tony doubted he'd ever get sick of Steve. Every time he saw Steve or smelled him all over again, he felt the familiar tug toward him. Even though Steve was a guy, with a strong jaw and sideburns and the kind of abs Tony would kill for... he just loved him.
"Tony...
"Steve..." Natasha sighed. "Maybe you're right, about the Winter Soldier trying to get under your skin.  Maybe he's manipulating you. He's HYDRA. You can't trust him. He shot you in the simulation."
They went to see Churchill's war rooms, the museum having perfectly preserved his underground bunker.
He brushed their lips together and then reached for the box of condoms.
DeSoto got up and walked over to Tony.
"Just... I'm gonna try and talk to him again," Steve said, pressing a quick kiss to Tony's temple and then disappearing.
"Are there Alphas?"
"Like, bodies."
"Tony.  The chopper's this way."
"Buy one tonight," said Ron, gesturing toward the stage.
The man on the floor began laughing.
"Is that a peacock?" asked Donner.
...why the
"We can pick him up from the hospital on our way to the airport," Steve said. "I just really want to get them home."
Tony liked the head of the WORC, a female omega with a commanding presence.  Steve would love her too, he was sure.
Steve didn't bother to say anything. He just shut the door in DeSoto's face. More of their conversation from last night was coming back to Steve and the more he thought about it the more the other omega creeped him out.
"Gideon asked for this," Steve breathed. "Ha. He even sent us to the conference in the first place... really, he's brought all of this on himself."
"It could be for a multitude of reasons, Steve. But an omega never stops feeling their Alpha for no reason. We're not like Alphas, who can distance themselves from the bond. The bond is like a tether; it can only go so far before it pulls you back in. From what it sounds like, Barnes is a very sick man who had a lot of horrible things happen to him. It might not be a bad thing that you're not feeling him, as horrible as that is to admit. Just because he doesn't have a life anymore doesn't mean you can't have one."
"They're cheap flowers.  Also, they're responsible for a massive economic crash in Holland in 1637," said Tony.  It was the first time she'd managed to unsettle him and unease was coiling in his stomach, because now he was thinking about Bucky and about the way he and Steve had sat on the couch together, nuzzling each other intimately, Bucky being so gentle as he tilted Steve's head to expose his neck.
"Well, good," said Banksy firmly, reading for Steve's hand and squeezing it.  "That's the important thing, is that you're happy, that you're safe. You know how Alphas can get."  He imitated a growl and then rolled his eyes. "If you want to come on the show to break the 84 thing wide open, you're more than welcome.  I mean, the new season doesn't start until fall, but we can totally pre-record, and have that be our premiere. It's going to be very dramatic and what's the point in knowing Steve Rogers if you don't get some exclusives?"  Banksy was mostly teasing; he smiled broadly at Steve.
"Er," said Doug.
"Jesus," Pepper muttered and went back to her seat, cradling her coffee in her hands. Steve knew it was a skinny cinnamon latte (he was a good PA, still.)
; waking up and realising there's a whole trilogy now was pretty awesome, I have to admit..." He remembered how much he smiled when Clint presented the DVDs to him as a present. It had made his day.  Hell, his week.  The visual effects were stunning.
He reached out and threaded their hands together happily.  The touch was electric. The asset couldn't stop smiling; he had wanted, so badly, to touch this omega, and now he was.  It was everything he had imagined. He was filled with so many wonderful emotions that he felt like he could burst.
"We can do this, okay? I know you've got this in you. You're one of the strongest people I know."
Happy dropped Tony and Steve off, leaving Pepper in the front seat as they stepped out. Pepper was practically glowing. She'd evidently had a very good evening.
"I'm not in trouble?"
A woman appeared behind Ji-Yoo and she was striking. She was tall, with bright red hair that fell way past her shoulders. She was in a red dress to match and the way her dark eyes moved across the table to land on Steve made him feel almost intimidated. She gave off a Peggy sort of vibe, the 'I'm going to eat you alive' one.
But this felt different.  There wasn't any panic coming off of Steve, just a sort of sad, accepting disappointment.
- I'm starving. tell them you can't Avenge anymore.  Fury was spying on you.  Forget him.  He's history.  ...are you really going out with them?  ...Steve?"
"Hiya," said Tony, reaching out to shake Sean's hand.  Sean looked scandalized. He was wearing a red wristband.  "What's with the wristbands?"
press charges!  LOWENSTEIN!" she bellowed.
"You think one tiny pill is going to stop a super-serum baby?"
"The metal arm Duke Nukem guy smelled like Bucky?" said Tony, tilting his head.  "Weird."
Tony purred and turned his head to nip at Steve's lips.  "
Tony reached up-- no, down; he was hanging upside-down-- and pulled off his helmet so he wouldn't vomit in it.  The air was cool and welcome and smelled like oil and metal and something else, something sharp and electric.
All the omegas' heads in the room swiveled toward Steve, but Brent looked unconcerned.  "If Steve isn't able to be present, that's okay. We have lots of volunteers and lawyers... and he can pre-record a statement if he feels a heat coming on.  Aside from organizing and funding us, Steve is a figurehead. A lot of the actual work is going to be taken care of by us." Brent nodded to the people in the office.
"Actually they're
"Yes, Daddy," said Piper quickly.  She darted away.
He sat up and ran a hand over his face, grunting a little as he felt the bullet wound tug unappreciatively.
"I'm going to go order us a round of coffee," Phil said with a tight but polite smile and walked past all of them into the donut shop, giving Steve a small nod in solidarity as he did so.
"Oh my God. These are both tomorrow." Steve accepted the cards and let his head fall into his hand, elbow propped up on the table. "It's going to be like a therapy marathon.  Are you kidding me?"
Eric seemed even more uncomfortable at Steve and Tony being cute, the omega leaning back into his Alpha's touch on instinct. Steve had to try not to laugh at Eric's floundering over how to describe him.  He was proud of being unruly and he felt a bit of grim satisfaction any time anyone at the conference looked offended by his behavior.
A picture of Steve looking over his shoulder, his jacket slung over one shoulder.
“-now if you'll excuse me, I've got to get to the main stage, but I'd love it if you'd join me and the other beautiful people- Hi, how're you--"  Tony was accepting ticket stubs and scrawling his signature while still walking after Happy.  "-yes, thank you, I love you too, you're great- sorry, I don't do handshakes- hi, great to see you, too- c'mon, Stevie- you know, Steve actually attended the
The woman laughed and waved her hand.  "Oh, just take it, it's a cheap bottle."
Pietro's attention turned to Tony.  His look turned ugly.
"They try and take away everything that makes you who you are," Ty said quietly. "But that's not what we came here to talk about today. Sorry. I shouldn't have-"
"I saw Stark.  He wanted it. It must be important."
"...we were supposed to buy 'em together," he added grudgingly. But he knew Steve had only gotten them in the first place to make a political statement and crash Malick's conference, so he guessed he shouldn't care.
He dressed in dark coloured clothes, wanting to be respectful, after he'd left the plate of food by the bedside. Happy was in the kitchen when he went back downstairs, and even as Tony's driver, he seemed morose. This was clearly a hard day on everyone.
to trend because he felt it was a rather clever portmanteau, but no one was biting.  He appreciated Steve's comment about not worrying about Tony overshadowing him, but just to be safe, he was as uninvolved as possible.  Of course, he did send out a couple of tweets.  He was only human.
Steve took a moment to compose himself.  Tony was unusually silent.
"...we can go to the lodge next year," Tony reassured him.  "C'mon, let's take a nap and... well... I guess we'll start a new tradition."  Tony was disappointed too, supremely disappointed. But it didn't look like SHIELD was messing around and as much as Tony loathed rules, he also didn't want to get Steve in trouble.  Steve was in a delicate place, emotionally, what with him being in post-heat and all.
"Yessir."
"Oh my God, is that Captain America?!"
Steve perked up at the mention of bath. Steve was honestly still feeling pretty gross. He'd taken a very quick shower this morning so he felt decent enough to walk around the house but that was it. They both desperately needed a bath. The heat wasn't all that sexy and neither was the aftermath. It was the preheat that was the fun bit-- Steve had missed feeling that high. It was the only real kind of kick he got ever since he couldn't get drunk anymore.
"The Avengers Initiative was formed as a task force to protect the world.  Not to push political agendas," said Fury.  He pointed to the paper.  "You talking about education, suppressants...
Steve didn't think he'd seen Tony this serious before. Okay, maybe once. Maybe when he was sat by Steve's bed in the hospital and they were waiting to see what Gleason had to say about his neck. That moment felt world's away now. He knew that their father-son relationship was complicated, even more so about Steve's revelation on what Howard had tried to get up to. But it had felt good to tell him, in a weird way, Steve hadn't liked it hanging over them.
"Love you too," Steve hummed and nuzzled against his cheek. He frowned a little, more to himself than anything else. "I'm sorry. I won't do it again. Let me know if there's ever anything else you don't like."
"Steve, this is Katy Perry," Aria filled in quickly at the lost look on Steve's face.
"Tough it out. We're
"Yes, I mean, I do want it. And maybe it's a little punishment too but I don't think that's necessarily a bad thing if I enjoy it," he murmured and felt a little heat rise to his cheeks. Because he would... enjoy it, that was. Steve swallowed. They were supposed to do having a serious conversation and here he was blushing like a schoolboy. "I don't think there's ever been a time when you haven't actually... gotten me off as well," he pointed out.
"Congratulations, Donnie.  A healthy little girl. ...beta, I think.  Or not presenting, yet, at least."
Tony could hear Steve, yeah.   Could even sort of understand the words.  But breathing with him was impossible.  Tony's chest had constricted and it made him think about how black holes formed, how stars collapsed under their own weight to form super-dense masses, singularities so heavy that light couldn't escape, masses that were eternally dark and ever-pressing, whose pressure relentlessly bore down and crushed anything unlucky enough to be near it.
Sitwell smiled suddenly and shook his head, amused.  "There's a bit of irony in it, isn't there? HYDRA wants him to breed, SHIELD doesn't... and here's you, his little beta friend, saying it's
. Steve sighed.
It was a critical error of judgement.
"Comedy stuff. It's exactly your sort of thing; you're funny when you want to be," Aria flicked through some emails. "Oh, and you have to have a meeting about your ankle bracelets next week.  I think they're finally ready to uncuff you."  Steve and Tony had been wearing the bracelets on their ankles since the Yemen incident.  Tony mentioned, often, how badly it was ruining his tan.
Steve stared right back.
He was still wearing jeans and a wifebeater.  He reached up slowly to touch his chest.  His arc reactor was warm.  The skin around it felt... okay.  He wasn't dying.  Not anymore.
"I don't think smacking omegas around and forcing them to wear collars has anything to do with biology," replied Tony.
"No, you
Re-watching it, he could see it from Pepper's point of view.  It was a sad movie, a modern tragedy.  It occurred to Tony how close he had come to being that character.  Until his experience in Afghanistan, he had operated amorally, obsessed with making bombs that were bigger and better and had more stopping power; he cared about money and how many women he could bag at a single conference.  Afghanistan had radically shifted his world view.  In a way, he supposed he was glad.  It had been the worst experience of his life but it had opened a million doors for him, broadened his world view, changed him for the better.  And now that he had Steve, he felt like he might finally be able to achieve the kind of fulfillment that Tony Montana never could.
"If you want to, I guess.  He'll be there with the full entourage.  I mean, he's a king. Make sure you bring your own guards, just in case.  No suits."
He pulled the rest of his old outfit (he couldn't bring himself to call his stage costume a "uniform") out of his suitcase, minus the tights. The stupid little boots felt weird without any socks on but they were party of the whole 'look' and Tony seemed to keen to appreciate it in its entirety.
Randy, the bartender, chuckled.
Steve set a shot on the bedside; Tony grabbed it and tossed it back, noting with some disappointment that Steve had only poured him a single shot.
"Yes, sir," said JARVIS.
"F-fuck..." He whispered, screwing his eyes shut as his breathing finally began to calm down. Richards was muttering to Coulson who was already on the line to Fury. Whatever the hell that just was, it wasn't good.
he thought vaguely, his hand still stroking Steve's hair.
Steve curled against him instantly when the touch was offered, his head slotting into the crook of Tony's shoulder just right as an arm came around him. The touch was grounding. "I wasn't well enough to have children," he whispered, words muffled against Tony's skin. "That's all good was. That was all I was...made for." The words felt wrong in his mouth. Steve knew them to be inherently untrue but it was still...easy to say them. He'd heard it all his life. He was called a freak before and after the serum.
"I've been to Italy.  And France," said Steve a little defensively.
"No," she said after a beat.  "No, there are
"I know.  That's why I made you this coffee," said Tony generously, holding out a mug.  Rhodey took it gratefully, sipped, and then cringed.
Tony let out an inhuman whine at Dr. McCloud's proclamation of Steve's possible mortality; the doctor's pointing at the suit made him feel even worse. It was his fault Steve was hurt.
"W-why would you send me that?!"
that moment in his heat was more than biology. Tony was possessive, he was an Alpha. He liked showing off pretty things. But that was about where it ended. At least, for him and Steve evidently. Steve didn't want to be upset by it. It was ridiculous. But having a drunk Tony going through a load of gorgeous women who all looked at him like competition, or something. It didn't put Steve in a good mood.
"No surprise there.  I heard Ashtray's barren."
No doubt Clint was rolling his eyes.
Tony hadn't gotten sleep but his earlier exhaustion was gone, replaced with adrenaline.
With Rumlow's coat over his shoulders and Rumlow stroking his hair and handing him water, Steve was being overwhelmingly smothered by Rumlow.  The other Alphas in the car were not as dominant, and Rumlow seemed to be in charge. His touches were not sexual in the slightest; it was the sort of petting an adult might give to a weeping child.  On one hand, the patronizing was insulting. On the other, admittedly, Steve was throwing a bit of a tantrum. Then again, he had every right to, considering he was blind and in a moving car with a bunch of Alpha strangers who were taking him to an undisclosed location.
Tony decided he liked Nadine.  "When do you guys meet?"
"Thank you," said Steve in surprise, not expecting a congratulations. Something warmed in his chest.
"I'm not the loser here, Rudyard Whipling.  Go to hell," spat out Tony, kicking the remains of the other man's arc reactor that were scattered over the ground.  The other man, though, didn't seem upset.  He giggled uncontrollably as he was dragged away, and Tony stared down at the crushed and melted pieces of his arc reactor, wondering how in the fuck he'd been able to construct it in the first place.
