“S’fine,” Iron Man waved him off, trying to struggle to his feet. “He’ll be fine.”
“You’re real,” Tony insists. “Right? This is real.”
Tony shrugs. “Some bullshit about our lives not being worth less than civilian lives. He’s blowing smoke! He wants to limit me, limit my abilities! He keeps calling me reckless, foolish, bull-headed–”
Tony's a mess, he's managed to get come on the inside of the nightie, and it plasters to his skin
.o0o.
Tony pulled back for a second. “That okay? I know you can go again.”
“That was amazing,” Tony proclaimed as he released Steve and slumped against the wall. “Take this as blanket permission to sex me up in semi-public any time.”
Just then, Thor slammed into the living room, and nothing much else was heard, because Clint grabbed the tea straight out of Thor’s hands and chugged the whole thing.
“Trying and failing,” Steve admitted, slipping Tony’s cock out quickly to speak. He latched back on just as fast, though. He wanted to make Tony come so badly. He wanted to taste it on his tongue.
"Steve-- Steve, I--"
Tony ran the flat of his hand along his length again, and Steve started crying real tears of overstimulation. His entire body was strung tight like a wire, he was going to come, he knew it—
Tony stared at him. How come Steve could always pinpoint the truth, even through Tony’s best bullshit?
Tony looks at the bourbon bottle forlornly. “I don’t want this,” he whispers.
“Wow,” Steve breathed. “Iron Man, I didn’t know you could, ah. That you had such precision in your fingers.”
And when Steve tries to lift the slip, tries to get his hands underneath so he can feel Tony's skin against his Tony grabs Steve's wrist and pulls it away, holding his hand firm above his head and continues to finger himself while grinding down on Steve's leg, just using Steve for pleasure while he forces Steve to watch
Tony grumbled out a cranky assent, and then threw himself down next to Rhodey. “He’s still a dick.”
Steve sets his paper down. “Weeks, Tony. I thought—I mean, aren’t we...doing something here? Building a relationship?”
The look in his lover’s eye was dark, hungry, like he was on the hunt. Steve felt the same spirit rise up in himself and match it. They moved as one to bring their lips together.
no. It just means now I get to spend even more time in the lab, thinking of you. And making ridiculous high tech sex toys.” He shifted until they could look into each other’s eyes. “Would you like that?”
“Good. So, I just thought that maybe. I guess, I wasn’t trying, or anything. We weren’t trying, I didn't even have a heat. I thought I was sterile, for God’s sakes, I—”
Tony gasps as Steve gets up on his knees, hovering above him now. “That’s enough,” he decides, and with no other warning, he takes Tony’s cock by the base and lines it up with his hole.
, I don’t even—“
Steve’s face set, determined. “I want to see Iron Man fuck the come out of you.”
“But I was the reason—”
Steve knows if he could just, a little more, or shift a little bit, he would go off like a rocket, but Tony told him not to come, so instead he whines and cries out while Tony uses him, desperate and on the edge but never tipping over
Steve is nuzzling into the crook of his neck, his hands rubbing soothing circles on Tony’s back. “Tony,” he breathed. “Oh, Tony. That’s not it at all.” Tony is too busy hugging back for a few moments to register Steve’s words, but Steve isn’t stopping.
“Yes, yes, I’ll help you. Shh,” he promised, pulling Steve’s boxers down and away. His tongue traced the fine hairs that ran from Steve’s navel to the base of his cock, and Steve realized he was holding his breath in an effort not to cry out.
“I’m not going to leave you alone again,” Steve promised. “You won’t have to carry this by yourself.”
They stayed there in the bathroom, Steve in Tony’s arms, the cold tile under his feet. Tony touched him until he’d calmed down. Steve suddenly felt silly for letting something as simple as a pair of panties affect him so much. But, as they turned to look in the mirror once more, and he took in Tony’s disheveled hair and slightly amazed expression, he let the self-recrimination fall away.
“You’re blushing so much, you’re pink all over,” Tony commented. “Gorgeous.”
[I’d love to know his favorite foods. Christ knows I couldn’t make them for him, I’d burn the tower down and Pepper would look disappointed. But. I could order them for him.]
“You’d be so pretty for me, baby. Just like you are now. But then they’d all know. They’d all see how much of a cockslut you are for me, darling. God, wouldn’t that be something?”
“You taste almost as good as the popsicle.”
First, he lost his third-favorite bow. It was a shame, too, because now he only had four purple ones, and he didn’t want to put his random orange one on his purple-bow storage rack. (He might have been raised in a circus, but he wasn’t a
Tony’s finger worked inside him, stroking his walls and stretching him. Soon enough there was room for two fingers, and their tips pressed into Steve’s hole insistently.
The state of Alabama made Tony nervous, what with all the bigotry horror stories originating there. He didn’t take kindly to people telling him he should curb his more “flamboyant” behavior, and around Steve, he was very unapologetically in a homosexual relationship.
“Greedy,” Tony teased again, but his eyes were still affectionate. “Let me do my work, Rogers. We’ll get to your favorite part eventually.”
Steve gaped at him. “You—you did?”
[We should set up a safe room for Clint, so he can have some relief for the coming week.] Cap was planning which rooms in the tower would be far enough away from people to make such a plan feasible, rifling through the blueprints he kept in his head.
Steve sighed, fighting the urge to bring a hand up to his face to hide behind. “It wasn’t...like that. I imagined—you, yes, I imagined—but not with me.”
Steve thinks he might cry when Tony doesn't move, just sits there, head thrown back, back curved, hands holding himself up on Steve's chest, just barely, barely moving his hips in a small grinding motion
Usually, if Tony asked Steve to just take what he wanted in bed and use him for his own pleasure, Steve would completely refuse. He didn't like hurting Tony, even if Tony wanted to be hurt. But, like this, so raw and helpless, he was defenseless against his desire to claim Tony fully, in the way they both craved.
The suit turned its helmet to look at Steve, glowing eyes tracking his movements. Iron Man nodded, and Steve squirmed under his scrutiny, his face and neck turning bright red. “Tony,” he whined, his palm moving in the same rhythm as Tony’s slow, mindless thrusts against the armor.
This ficlet is set in a world where everyone has wings, and one person (or more people, I'm poly-friendly) has the same wing pattern as you. Some people say that the person with the same wing pattern as you is your soulmate, but there's no science to back this up. People meet their pattern matches pretty rarely.
Tony loved Steve’s cock. It was long and thick, but not too big, curved just slightly to the left. He loved playing with the foreskin, how it made Steve’s eye roll back in his head. He loved pressing butterfly kisses to the head. But most of all, he loved shoving it down his throat.
“A baby,” Tony agreed, and he was pretty sure he hid the crack in his voice pretty well, but the tears on Steve’s shirt were obvious. “Our baby.”
“Got you,” Tony promised, his voice low and husky. His hands dropped lower to palm at Steve’s ass through the gauzy material, making Steve groan aloud and relax into Tony’s hold.
Tony had asked if there was anything new Steve wanted to try. In the bedroom. They’d been dating for almost a year and a half, and while Tony had never been shy about his own kinks, Steve had brought very little to the table that wasn’t vanilla. He enjoyed indulging Tony in his fantasies, loved seeing his partner satisfied. If that meant he’d let Tony tie him to the bed and ride him like he was a prize stallion, well, he sure as hell wasn’t going to complain.
Tony’s finger came back covered in lube and danced around his rim, spreading slick. Steve tried desperately not to thrust into the sensation, to stay still. He was rewarded a moment later when Tony breached him for the first time that night.
“Patience.” The metal hands played with his nipples some more, just exactly how he liked it. Twist, rub, twist. Again and again. Then, finally, they moved down to pin his hips solidly to the wall.
Tony huffed. “Why don’t you get around to doing something about it, hmm?” he goaded. The armor didn’t respond, it just adjusted its grip on Tony’s wrists and set its free gauntlet to the soft, vulnerable skin of Tony’s pale throat.
.o0o.
Steve is Unsuspecting and just getting ready for bed like normal
[Hopefully I won’t dream of Steve’s pancakes again.] Clint caught the stray thought as Stark passed him to leave. [I love his breakfast food. I’d love to wake up to that smell every day.]
“Tony.”
“JARVIS? What—”
“Did you have knowledge that he was stealing weapons and selling them to the highest bidder?”
When he came to, Tony was curled against his side like a kitten, looking innocent and sated. The ropes were gone, and the mess of come, sweat and tears had been cleaned up. A hand traced soft patterns in his chest hair.
“Look, Steve,” Tony cut him off, meeting Steve’s eyes with a knowing look. “I know you’re trying to help. Trying to look out for your pal, yeah? I get it, I do. But getting close to Iron Man is…tricky business. Even if I gave him the time, told him not to come in, he’d still be here, working. He’s like that. Doesn’t know when to quit.
The second one got the same treatment a moment later, and now Steve’s cock was leaking precome all over his stomach, though his prostate nor his dick had been touched once since this morning. He tried to even his breathing, but forgot why that mattered a moment later when the cold lube was slathered directly from the bottle onto his aching balls.
Tony fell into his own orgasm moments later, groaning his release as he bit on Steve’s shoulder. Steve could feel his knot start to swell, and despite still enjoying his own peak, his Omega instincts were just starting to get excited.
“Wha–Honey bear! I’m shocked! You’re supposed to be on my side!”
“There you go,” he praised. “Let go. Enjoy this.”
“No, come on,” Tony chided. “Don’t do that, it’s depressing to watch. Come spar with me instead.”
.o0o.
“Remind me why we didn’t just take the Iron Man suit,” Tony grumbles, hauling his bag behind him as he follows Steve’s broad shoulders through the crowd. Steve only smiles and rolls his eyes.
“Tony.” Steve breathed a sigh of relief. “Is Iron Man going to be okay?”
They’re in South Dakota, Tony doesn’t point out, which only claims to fame are Mount Rushmore and not being North Dakota. Still, he has to admit that the trip hasn’t been dull, even though they’ve said almost nothing to each other all day. He shrugs and lets Steve have that win.
Steve accepted gratefully. “That was amazing,” he croaked.
“Hey, Tony,” Steve picked up immediately. “I’m about to go into briefing, is this urgent?”
Steve took a deep breath to steady himself. “It’s...a little weird.”
Grand Junction is reached by mid-afternoon, but at the urging of the waitress at yet another amazing local restaurant (Steve must have a sixth sense for these places) they decide to spend the night here and take on the mountains in the morning. “Folks that don’t know where they’re going will get so lost up there, they’ll never find you,” she promised solemnly, and though Tony guessed that he and Steve would have been fine, he acquiesced to the easier timeline.
That night, sleeping in an AirBnB with a skylight above the bed, Tony counts stars and listens to the sounds of thunder approaching over the sea.
The first finger slid in slowly, Tony’s other hand stroking soothingly at his hip. Steve breathed and bore down. It was always hard, stretching him, every time like the first. He was so grateful that Tony loved this part, loved getting Steve ready in new and inventive ways.
“Look at you,” Tony breathed. “I’ve barely touched you. Do you think you’ll come like this? All tied up and open for me, but I’m not giving you what you want. No, only what I want to give you.”
“Captain Rogers,” JARVIS called sharply, breaking Steve from his reverie. “You have been found to be in possession of Class Saturn Intelligence. Please remain where you are.”
“Jesus.” He let out a breath. “No wonder Iron Man—Tony—is so gun-shy about it.”
Steve, Steve,” Tony was panting into his hair, until the word didn’t sound like his name anymore. “I’m gonna come.”
.o0o.
“Sure,” Steve shrugged, like it was no big deal. “You think my down looks this color naturally? No, I started dyeing it when I went on tour, back with the USO. It made the most sense for Cap to have red white and blue wings, not red, white and gold.”
Tony scoffed, finally tearing his eyes away and back to the discarded paper noisemaker in his hands. “No one to kiss on New Year’s. Yeah, well, some things change. Guess I’m not so much of a playboy anymore.”
“Or, you could stop jumping off buildings,” Natasha reminded him.
“It’s not safe to be close to me, Steve,” Tony warned. “You’ll get hurt.”
"Steve--!"
without falling to his knees and confessing his undying love, or something equally ridiculous.
.o0o.
Steve assured him, both verbally and with a firm kiss, that he would like nothing better.
“Iron Man!” Steve said, jogging up. “Is Ton—Mr. Stark safe?”
“I remember, Tony.”
been after.] But her raised eyebrow communicated the same. That was the amazing thing about Natasha. They were already so much on the same wavelength, that it didn’t feel quite as intrusive to be forced to listen to her thoughts. They already basically read each other’s minds.
“You pictured me kissing the armor.”
“Oh, yes, I’m fine, Steve. Just fine. You? How. How about you?”
Tony looks out over the joyous scene, and though the weather is cloudy, it seems to be bright and happy regardless. Steve holds his hand as they walk barefoot down the beach.
So, if every once in a while, he let his mind wander to what Iron Man’s private life looked like, well. It was partially the crush and partially the intrigue; the possibility of getting a glimpse under all the burnished metal. Anyone would be curious about a man that never showed his body at all, let alone his face.
He didn’t take the time to realize that his soulmate was gone, dead or lost in the ocean. He didn’t ruminate over the many years that had passed since Steve Rogers had been declared MIA, nor did he consider how impossible it would be to meet him. He was only five, after all. Those problems were for another age. He just stared at the screen, and smiled back.
Steve exhaled slowly, adjusting his grip on the wood frame of the headboard where Tony had placed his hands. He was immersed in trying to think of anything but the next caress, the next tease that Tony would bestow. They were regular touches, so Steve wasn’t left guessing, but he still felt like he was, like every time it should turn into something more. It didn’t, and he was left on that cliff’s edge.
“He gets some,” Tony allowed, his mouth a thin line. “But the guy doesn’t have a family. No friends, outside of the team, really. He doesn’t ask for much time off.”
“I am very glad we didn’t do Las Vegas,” Steve muttered, and there was that blush Tony had been looking for. “But the rest of it? It’s just incentive to get out here another time. What do you say, Tony? Want to come on another road trip with me?”
“Just like that, Steve,” he whispered. He realized his voice was raw from screaming. “S’ perfect.”
Steve almost hadn’t, he remembered. He’d had to resort to his Cap persona just so he wouldn’t break, right there in the conference room, and beg for Tony’s cock. God, the mere thought of it was enough to bring him to the edge. He shuffled forward and rubbed his crotch against Tony’s leg, desperate for any kind of friction.
“So good, darling,” Tony moaned. “God, to think you were thinking about this out in the field. You were, weren’t you? I bet you wanted to sink to your knees and take me right there in the rubble.”
“Ah, Steve!”
Steve shook his head, but he realized he’d been on the cusp of hyperventilating. He shut his eyes and tried to slow his breathing, focusing on Tony’s soothing strokes on his shoulder blades.
Tony cursed his nervous habits. “I, ah, just have a lot going on. I promise, nothing to worry about.”
“I want you, too,” Tony manages, like it just occurred to him. “I want you so bad I can’t breathe sometimes. I can’t think around you. Even before I knew, you made me crazy.” This was met with a wry grin.
Tony coveted his popsicles, never letting anyone have one. He got into a bit of a feud with the two assassins in the tower, Natasha trying to steal one and Clint battling for space in the communal floor freezer, but Tony won out on both fronts. The team didn’t so much as open the freezer door anymore.
“I’ve told you before, it’s Pepper,” she corrected, smiling. “Come on, Tony won’t sleep for long.”
[That’s literally all he’s
“Still, it’s nice to see that gold again. You think SHIELD would let me stop dyeing?” Steve chuckled sardonically. “If you had white tips, we’d be wing twins.” With that, he walked away, shooting a kind grin over his shoulder.
The kiss was punishing, Steve pouring all his pent up frustration and terror over the last mission into this connection. He bit at Tony’s lip, almost hard enough to draw blood, then broke the kiss to let Tony gasp desperately for air while he mouthed at the neckline of his shirt. His hips bore down onto Tony’s groin, thrusting erratically while his cock hardened in the uniform.
Tony sighed contentedly and coaxed his fingers gently from Steve’s mouth, wiping his damp hands off on Steve’s thigh. “This next part is gonna be harder for you, so I’m gonna give you some restraints, okay?” he asked. Steve hummed what he hoped has an agreement, but Tony seemed to realize he wasn’t going to give a more coherent response. “That’s okay, baby, I’ll take good care of you. I’ll give you what you need to obey and keep still for me.”
“Ngh, hello, gorgeous,” Tony moaned, letting his own pitch lower huskily. “What a surprise, getting to see you at work for personal reasons. I thought you had—mmm!—better compartmentalization than that.”
~~~~~
They are back on the road without stopping long. Steve hums a tune, but it’s lost in the wind as their path weaves slowly north. Tony smiles into the back of his shirt and feels the vibrations in his hands where they cling to Steve’s chest.
“Guh!”
“God, baby. How many of them caught you?” Steve shivered at the thought. “Natasha definitely knew. Now I know why she was looking particularly bored today.”
“Yessss,” Steve hissed, shifting to feel the ache already forming in his ass. “I love it too.”
Tony stood staring after him for long moments, wondering if he wanted to believe in soulmates after all.
After a few months of this, Steve came down to the communal floor to see Tony muttering to himself, standing in front of the freezer. When he got closer, it sounded like Tony was counting.
Tony finally had the frame of mind to pull back enough to meet Steve’s eyes, but he couldn’t find it in himself to let go completely. “You’re serious, right now,” He confirmed, “You’re not—don’t mess with me on this, Steve, I can’t—”
Steve takes this as an opportunity to remove the alcohol from the equation, swiping the bottle and setting it out of Tony’s reach or eyesight. Tony harrumphs, but obliges.
Tony dove back in, wriggling his tongue against Steve’s hole, and reaching up with one hand to cup at his balls through the silk. After only a few more seconds of this, Steve was screaming his release, arching up into Tony’s hold.
Tony swallowed, trying to clear the lump in his throat. “Thanks, Steve.”
“Go right ahead?” Tony agreed, sounding confused. “I told you yesterday I was just fine. You worry too much.”
“You are?”
wings.”
“Yeah, I was surprised, too. But he’s head over heels.”
It ends up taking them nearly ten hours, and most of that extra time is spent idling in traffic around the city. Finally they give up and find a shitty hotel in West Memphis that isn’t booked solid. For the first time, Tony wished they had a car. That way they could sleep in it instead of risking bedbugs in this hellhole.
“And I’m using it in the best possible way, gorgeous,” Tony promised him. “Now. Let me get a look at you.”
The first time Tony locked eyes with Captain America, he knew.
“I can’t accept this.”
“Tony,” Steve murmured, awestruck. “You’re perfect. I don’t need anything more than you. You are far better than anything I could have hoped for.”
Tony’s weight left the bed, but Steve could still see him as he crossed the room to their toy chest. He held quiet and still until Tony returned with a set of leather cuffs and a matching spreader bar. He fixed them efficiently and comfortably in place, testing the cuffs to make sure they weren’t too tight. Finally, when he was satisfied, he sat back on his heels between Steve’s legs, so his knees were next to the spreader bar where it held Steve open.
He was five, and his father had gotten out the old war bonds reels. It was dark in the parlor, the shades drawn. He was playing around with some batteries and wires from Howard’s scrap pile, ignoring the cloying smell of bourbon and cigar smoke.
Eventually, Steve had come out of subspace enough that he could tell his wrists were rubbed a little from where he had pulled too hard. It was almost healed, but the fact the he could even identify the slight pain was a sign that he was coming up. Tony noticed him shift and grinned.
and Steve's face is just like slack jawed
Steve’s face was a brilliant smile. “Thank you, Tony,” he said again, tucking the pendant under his shirt, against his skin. “I’ll keep it safe.”
So, yeah, Steve wasn’t religious. Not really.
“Steve,” he said, sounding surprised. He had a cut above his eyebrow and a bandage wrapped around his upper abdomen.
Only two and a half hours later, they are heading north again. This change, Tony does notice, because by his math, there is very little country left in that direction. He tries to communicate this to Steve, but he only nods and keeps driving. Finally they pull off the highway in another town, this time with water on their left.
“Thanks,” Tony cut him off. “It means a lot.”
With that, Tony slammed into him one last time, forcing his knot deep into Steve and letting his orgasm truly take him. Steve was filled with Tony’s seed, Tony’s knot swelling to hold it all inside him.
Philly traffic is just as bad as he remembers, and Steve’s parking spot still says
“Still, it’s nice to see that gold again. You think SHIELD would let me stop dyeing?” Steve chuckled sardonically. “If you had white tips, we’d be pattern matches. ” With that, he walked away, shooting a kind grin over his shoulder.
“You want it harder?” Iron Man asked, pausing for a second. “What do you think, Cap?”
“Tony,” Steve whined. “Please.”
.o0o.
“I’m okay, Steve,” Tony promised, running soothing hands up and down Steve’s flanks. “I was here, safe, the whole time.”
Finally they make it out of the airport and to the parking lot. The sun is well and truly up, now, shining down in uncharacteristic brilliance for mid-May. Though they are surrounded by cement and the tangling strip roads of the airport, Tony feels like he has more space to breathe than he has had in a while.
“Hello, my dearest,” he greeted. “More water?”
Steve was truly enjoying himself. Hanging out with Tony so much did very little to slow his free-fall of attraction to him, but he couldn’t bring himself to care. A day being friends with Tony was better than all his daydreams combined, and he couldn’t bear to give it up.
By the time he had his mouth around Tony’s cock, he was in heaven. This was
When Tony has calmed down enough, he burrows back into Steve’s side. “I’m never letting you go, you know,” he warns, prodding a finger at Steve’s (rock hard) abs in punctuation.
“Don’ hafta worry about me, big guy,” Iron Man mumbled. “M’ gonna sleep now, kay?”
Slowly, as if testing the waters, he massaged the divot of Tony’s hips with his thumbs over the panties. Then he slid his hands down Tony’s thighs, skating up and down, moving closer to the bulge at the front of his crotch with every pass. Finally, his fingertips brushed against the shaft of Tony’s cock, making him rock forward into the touch.
Wet silk was the most oddly sensual thing Steve had ever felt. It clung to every crevice of his skin, keeping his mind fully aware of every quiver his muscles made and every breath Tony let ghost over his skin. It was all-consuming, keeping him at the mercy of the moment and of Tony.
Steve gave another shy smile. Tony found himself smiling back, opening his mouth almost of his own accord. He knew it was stupid, he knew, but—
Steve wove through traffic and glimpsed the flying metal octopus through the buildings. He turned towards the fighting and pressed the bike harder.
They fall asleep wrapped in each other.
What an idiot he’d been, picturing Tony with
Steve believed in God as much as the next good little Catholic boy, but he wouldn’t call himself overly religious. After all, once you’ve seen a supposed ‘god’ throwing up into a toilet after consuming five packages of pop tarts and an entire bottle of Jäger, the idea sort of lost its lustre.
Steve was breathless in awe, striding closer, into his space, his wings drawing up to mantle a little. He raised his hands and hovered over Tony’s shoulders, staring at him wondrously. “Tony, we’re pattern matches?”
Chugging his chocolate milk, he stood and set the glass in the sink before tossing a lazy salute at the chagrined doctor Banner and turning tail. He’d stopped kidding himself that he wasn’t running about twelve hours in.
As Steve arrived on scene, he saw that Iron Man was right. The mechanical Octopus had been crashed onto the street, and the two with laser guns were being held onto by one gauntlet each. Iron Man was threatening them as Steve approached.
“You’re a liar. Not even as a teenager?”
As he carries the drunk genius away, JARVIS quietly powers the armor down. Someone else is watching over Tony tonight.
Tony immediately started off on his tirade. “He’s self-serving, self-absorbed, and thinks he’s smarter than he is. He makes judgement calls without the full picture. He keeps insisting that we do things his way, and his excuse is that he doesn’t want me to get ‘hurt’. You fucking think I don’t know how to pilot my suit?! I think if I say I can do a thing that I can’t do it? I could be saving us so much time on the field if he just let me do my damn job without having a fight every time, but no! Instead he drones on and on about ‘the safety of the team’ and ‘our highest priority’. I don’t have time to fill out paperwork every time I do a barrel roll!”
The silk of Tony’s thousand-thread-count sheets was so slick, it almost felt like a breath of air on his cock. It was torture, pure and exquisite, to have the bias of the fabric running parallel to his body, the friction nearly a daydream it was so light. The room was cool, but Steve’s body heat ratcheted higher and higher as he thrust helplessly against the bed, trying to get even the slightest bit more friction on his weeping cock. The silk had long since been soaked with his precome, and that made it better and worse at the same time. Now it was sticky, clinging to his skin every so often, and it still wasn’t enough. He wished he could grind down properly, put his body weight behind his movements, but he was as trapped as a fly in honey.
Tony gives a startled laugh. “I think I really needed to hear that, just now.”
They come to a stop in the little town of Cannon Beach, Oregon, just as the tide is going out. The sun sets as they explore the tide pools. Tony finds a few starfish and some coral. Steve, of course, has an eagle’s eye, and even spots a vibrant crab. They troop back in from the ocean, shivering but laughing, eyes alight with the joy of discovery.
Steve shifts, but Tony refuses to let himself look up and check Steve’s expression. “How long will you be gone?”
But Tony’s hands on him were heaven. Tony’s praise and soothing was angelic, and he would do anything to keep that sweetness geared toward him. He would traverse hell.
“Then it sounds like you did everything you could to prevent this from happening. Tony, the only thing you’re guilty of is trusting a man who practically raised you to do his job.”
Steve kisses his skin again, hoping to chase away the cold sweat. “I’m glad. I would take your dreams from you in a heartbeat if I could.”
“Seriously!? Tasha, we have got to knock their heads together.”
His replies were more stilted, didn’t always match the conversation quite right. He was quieter, less involved in whatever was going on. Steve had always assumed that this was because he was focused on protecting his boss, and surveying for threats. But there was another thing that was different, about the way Iron Man moved around Tony. His stance and gait were more robotic, more precise. Almost like…
“I would dream. About you, and, and Iron Man. You’d be kissing, shirtless, and he would be in the armor with the helmet off. I didn’t know what his face looked like, it changed. But he would be touching you. With the gauntlet. And, you’d look over, and see I was watching, and smile like you were putting on a show for me. You’d let him hold you down, let me watch, and—I always woke up before it got much farther.”
That was a sobering thought. Tony had been alone, all this time. How isolating it must be—to keep a secret identity—to feel trapped like that even around his own team.
and faster than Steve can think Tony's got his sleep pants down around his ankles and he's mouthing at the head of Steve's cock, making it as wet as possible
But in the next moment, Tony scoffed. How could the rest of that conversation possibly go?
.o0o.
, and the second gauntlet came up to wrap carefully around the hand Tony had left on its chest. It moved his arm up, backing him up until he was pressed against the bedroom wall, and held it there above his head. The other gauntlet slipped from around his waist to copy the movements with his other hand, and then he was held up against the wall, one powerful metal thigh against his groin, and the helmet of the armor so close he could smell motor oil. Tony’s dick was definitely fully hard now—It matched the hardness of the armor’s cock against his stomach.
Steve relaxed at the praise, staring unthinkingly at the ceiling while Tony stroked over his hips and thighs. After a while, Tony’s fingertip began stroking across his hole again, pressing lightly.
Steve groaned around him, and the vibrations sent shivers up Tony’s spine. He kept talking.
The suit obeyed, coming closer until it boxed Tony in between the wall and the bed, slinging an arm around Tony’s waist and pulling him close. The metal was not quite skin-warm, but it wasn’t shockingly cold, and Tony smiled invitingly up at the helmet as he relaxed into the hold.
“Was it? I’m glad you thought so.”
“Shh, Tony,” Steve hushed, his arms coming up to catch the engineer on his next pass. “It’s okay. I forgive you.”
“My father hired him, but I made sure he wasn’t into anything unsavory when I took over. Or at least I thought I had.”
“Steve,” Tony whispered back. He realized his own wings were up, mantling as best they could under the prosthetics. He would have blushed and dropped them, but when they caught Steve’s eye, he gave a blinding smile.
.o0o.
“Not Captain America, Steve Rogers,” Tony stressed. “He’s a dick.”
“You, you,” Tony stuttered helplessly. He clung to Steve, unable to make his hands let go where they were clenched on the back of Steve’s button-down.
“Figured what out, big guy?” Tony said, dumping the dregs of his Chinese directly into his mouth.
“Do people do that? People do that, right? Take two? Jesus, I’m an idiot. JARVIS, order thirty pregnancy tests.”
“Shall we give him a show?” Tony asked Iron Man, watching Steve lick his lips in anticipation.
and finally, finally, Tony starts to push back and Steve can feel when the head sinks into Tony and it's so hot and wet he thinks he might lose it right there, watching Tony toss his head back, neck and chest and shoulders heaving and slick with sweat as he slowly, slowly sinks down onto Steve's cock until he eventually bottoms out
“I, ah,” Tony starts. He has to swallow to clear the lump in his throat. “I’m heading to Tokyo this afternoon. SI business. Just thought you should know I’ll be unavailable for a while.”
“Yes,” Steve cleared his throat. “Yes, I’m alright. I’m sorry, I thought you said…”
“Yes.”
He got out his bergamot and lemon-scented candle and lit it, setting it in the middle of the table by the window, where they’d be unlikely to knock it over. He then rounded up Tony’s favorite lotion, a towel, and a bottle of lube. The smells filled the room as he worked, and his body gave a Pavlovian response to the familiar scent. By the time they both stood by the bed, Steve was fully hard in his panties.
Thanks for sticking with me even though I didn't finish all 31 days. My commenters and kudos-givers are amazing!
“What’s so funny?” Tony asked.
“We’re lucky,” he thinks aloud, mumbling into the wild mess of Tony’s hair. “Lucky to be alive. To be together.”
Tony kept up a stream of constant praise and affection, checking Steve’s skin to make sure the lube was still tacky. Then he pressed something cool and soft to Steve’s sac, something that he couldn’t see.
“Tony,” he growled, breathing in deeply. Tony followed his actions, wrapping Steve up in a hug and breathing in the smell of burning rubber and battle.
Steve, too tired to answer fully, groaned and hummed his approval. “W’s hot.”
“I’ll finish getting changed,” Tony told him, backing away once more. “Then we’ll match. Will you get the stuff ready?”
“Unh,” Steve agreed, mouthing listlessly at Tony’s bruised hipbone.
But how had he gotten from the scene of the attack back home, with no transportation and no Iron Man?
Tony didn’t know why it was important for Steve to have this. They weren’t really serious, Tony knew that. They were dating, sure, but he was pretty sure Steve wasn’t over losing Peggy (and Bucky?) and although he was perfectly fine being Steve’s twenty-first century rebound, he tried to stay reasonable. It would be foolish to expect any sort of commitment from Captain America, especially to a warmongering self-absorbed genius like him.
They made their way to the bedroom. Iron Man trailed dutifully behind, silent except for the clang of its steps. Steve started unbuttoning his shirt frantically, but Tony reached for his hands to stop him. “Not like that, beautiful. Your fantasy was just about watching, remember?”
Pepper smiled sadly again. “That’s not even the half of it.”
“Tease,” Tony admonished.
That was perfect. The warmth was nice, and after a little while the ghost of the vibrator faded from his sac. Tony shifted, then got up, which drew a whine of complaint, but he only pressed a soft kiss to Steve’s forehead and ducked out of sight. Steve wasn’t worried, though. Tony always came back.
This wasn’t what he thought would happen when Tony said he wanted to spend some time between Steve’s legs.
“What a pretty picture you make.”
Tony swallowed convulsively around his length, holding Steve as deep as he could go, ignoring the tears that sprung to the corners of his eyes. He loved this, he loved–
“Mad at you?” Steve pulled back and met Tony’s eyes, and at once he saw the moisture gathered there. “Tony, I’m ecstatic.”
“Good,” Steve managed, internally praying that Tony would brush his hands a little higher, just over the head of Steve’s cock. It felt so neglected where slapped against his belly.
Steve gulped down air and tried to slow down again, to the slow, teasing pace that he knew Tony preferred. It felt like every slick drag of the sheets on his cock was multiplied, if he took his time. He knew he wouldn’t get anywhere close to coming at this pace.
“What’s the rush?” Steve replies, after politely swallowing his bite of fish. “There’s lots to see.”
Tony's hard cock peeking out from the hem, lifting it up
“Natasha knows?”
Tony turned and paced again, desperately trying to still his nervous plucking. He just kept turning Steve’s words over and over in his mind.
Something niggled in the back of his mind, something he’d thought about before but ignored at the time. Something about how Iron Man acted when he was around Tony. Admittedly, Steve so rarely saw the two of them together.
“Steve?” Tony asked, cursing himself that his voice betrayed his anxiety.
“I do not.”
“Would you like that?” He managed, breathing hard. “Knowing that everyone can see you? That they would know this is where you belong?”
Tony barely waits for Steve to finish saying the words before he pushes up on his tiptoes and presses his chapped lips to Steve’s. He takes him by surprise, but Steve melts into the kiss easily. It stays chaste, warm and sweet, until Steve draws back to lean his forehead against Tony’s. If his smile before had been like the sun, this one is a supernova.
Steve doesn’t push, he just presses a soft kiss to the nape of Tony’s neck. Tony shudders, melts further into Steve’s embrace, then hums.
I love one (1) man and it is James "Rhodey" Rhodes
Steve spread his legs wide, and gasped in surprise to feel the thin silk press into his hole. With his cheeks spread like this, the silk could rub up against his sensitive pucker.
.o0o.
Tasha punched him in the shoulder, but not hard enough that his beer spilled. “You ass.”
“What do I do, Mike?”
only six thirty,” Steve whispers, crawling up Tony’s body to kiss him, come-and-morning-breath and all.
“Kay. Night.”
“I know, gorgeous. I know. You did amazing.”
After a few days, Steve stops coming. Half his mind breathes a sigh of relief, while the other half wants to scream in frustration.
So then how did Tony get home so fast? He’d already been in the lab when they had arrived, because they’d brought Iron Man to the only entrance to the lab, other than Iron Man’s landing pad. There was no way he could have run that distance home in time to beat them, especially with the injuries he was sporting. And Steve had stood guard outside that very same entrance from the time he dropped off Iron Man until Tony had stumbled out.
Tony grinned smugly from above, running teasing palms over Steve’s flanks and watching how they shivered. “I want to hear, anyway. How did you picture me? Or, better yet, how did you picture your old pal Iron Man?” He slipped his fingertips below Steve’s boxers, tugging at the elastic. “Did you think he’d fuck you in the armor?”
Tony hadn’t programmed an answer for that question, so he listened as the program sorted through its possible answers. “He feels, good, Captain,” it pieced together, from a few different clips.
Tony slowly pulled his hand away, dropping a kiss to the front of Steve’s panties, right over his leaking head. “Ready for me, baby?”
Tony sighed. He knew exactly where this was going. “I fly with the armor, with technology I created. My company hopes to release a commercial model of the flight tech next year. No weapons, of course. You can Google what happened to me—has someone shown you how to Google? Good. And no, I don’t like to show people my wings without the prosthetics.”
It was on the tip of Tony’s tongue to say something scathing,
“Ready, love?” Tony asked, gritting his teeth. Steve felt his heart melt at how caring his Alpha was, how sweet, to wait until his word to knot him.
“Cap,” Iron Man called. “S’fine. He’s probably already on his way back to the tower. he’ll meet us there.”
Tony gave a tired grin and saluted as poorly as he could manage. “Thanks, Cap. It’s kinda my
They stayed like that for what felt like hours, Steve panting and trying to come back to earth, but then a tiny shift or an involuntary clench would send him careening into oversensitivity once more, and he would be able to do nothing but feel for unknown minutes. In the moments he was conscious enough to hear, Tony would be whispering dirty things into his ear, making him unable to ignore the raw, used way his ass felt, the huge knot still stretching him wide, keeping him right where Tony wanted.
Tony only rubbed his thumb across the base of Steve’s cock and hummed. “But what a wonderful place to stay for a while, wouldn’t you agree?”
After that interaction, the popsicles showed up everywhere. Tony brought them to debriefs, team meetings, and movie nights. He even grabbed one first thing in the morning and ate it with his coffee. His lips were constantly stained blue or red, drawing the eye. As if Steve didn’t struggle enough already not to stare at those lips. Tony was a teammate, not a love interest, Steve told himself firmly.
“Beautiful,” Steve murmured.
“Y-you sure know how to make a guy feel good.”
The metal finger pressed harder, just then, slipping inside Tony’s tight ass. He moaned aloud instead of responding.
“Yes, big guy, I love this.” Tony gasped as the fingers thrust again, a little harder. “Yes, more of that.”
“See, that was good,” Tony encouraged. “We agreed on something. It was hot. Now, I know that’s not all.”
Tony figures that, if Steve wanted to do anything about it, he would have by now. That means it’s up to Tony to fix their situation, because God knows he can’t maintain this. He’ll break into pieces if Steve forces him to take his smiles and his small talk and his
But then he couldn’t say anything else, because Tony Stark was licking into his mouth. He tasted like artificial cherry. It was the best kiss Steve had ever had.
Tony doesn't say anything, just rests his head against Steve's shoulder and presses opened mouthed kisses against his jaw and against the rapid pulse of Steve's heartbeat in this throat
“You normally don’t let me take my time with these,” Tony mused. “You are always rushing me. So desperate, baby, and it’s a good thing,” he said, reaching up to catch Steve’s chin before he could turn his face into the pillow. “I love it. But sometimes…” he considered the state of Steve’s flushed chest and carefully not-too-tight grip, “Sometimes, it’s nice to slow things down a little.”
“No, I don’t. Did you vet Stane before hiring him to the position he held?”
Steve winced to hear Tony explain it so cavalierly, but powered though. “You stopped recently, though. You stopped yourself. So you’re…are you doing better?”
“Iron Man, he’s fine!” Tony insisted. “I’m fine! Everyone is fine, Steve.”
“Phase Two?” Steve asked, confused.
“You sadist,” Tony accused, his heart thumping. “Listen, I’m gonna call Steve. JARVIS will coordinate with your schedule to set up an appointment. Um, I guess, I’ll call if we have any questions?”
“I know. Tony, I figured it out. That’s what I’m trying to tell you.”
Steve doesn’t appear to react at all—maybe his face falls a little, and boy,
Steve groaned low in the back of his throat. “I remember.”
,” Tony said, eyes blank. “Yinsen died, and Coulson died. Pepper almost died. Obie tried to kill me. And I know, I
And that was when the fun part began.
“Steve!” Tony greeted from across the guts of the armor. He was clearly in the midst of repairs, his forehead streaked with sweat and motor oil. “I thought we weren’t meeting until lunch time.”
Tony climbs out of the bed on surprisingly strong legs for what he'd just spent the last hour or so doing.  He disappeared for a moment before coming back and gently wiping off Steve's cock and chest with a wet, warm cloth. Steve jerks at the touch on his dick but Tony doesn't stop until he's clean.
“Need you,” he admitted, and if he were any less turned on, he’d be embarrassed at how breathy his voice sounded.
hyperventilating. When did that start happening? He breathes deeper, in through his nose. Steve’s broad hand on his back helps.
,” Tony defends, swatting at his lover’s shoulder as he chuckles. “And they were staring at you. The kids were right there, Steve, and they’re still staring.”
Tony took the test as an afterthought one hazy afternoon in June. He was sore, and a little nauseated, and even though he hadn’t had a heat in months and he was pretty sure he’d entered menopause, he had found the test in the back of his cabinet and thought,
“It’s fine, Tony,” Steve assured. “It’s okay, I’m not mad.”
“There,” Tony praised. “There you go, sweet one.”
“Oh!” He cried as Iron man bottomed out. He was just as thick as Steve, but longer, and because his cock was so cold, Tony could feel it all the way into him. His tissues shuddered and clamped down around it against his will, his body fighting a losing war against the intrusion.
Tony’s eyes were dark and glittering in the low light, and he smiled so softly that it was at odds with the sweet torture he was putting Steve through. “Good, that’s perfect. That’s exactly where I want you.”
“Mm!” Tony tried to muffle his yell. “Not, not until I—ooh! Until I come. I want to come with you, beautiful, knowing you got off on this, on me.” The armor was fucking him faster and faster, the vibrations so strong they ricocheted up Tony’s spine. His cock was leaking precome all over the armor and his own belly, leaving streaks of clear wetness everywhere. “M’ close.”
Steve chuckles softly. “Come on, Tin Can. I’ll help you to bed.”
“I, I,” Steve tried to speak. “I feel.”
And then Tony was back, armed with a wet cloth and a bottle of water. He cleaned Steve off, undid the spreader bar, and titled a trickle of water into Steve’s mouth. He went to undo the cuffs, too, but Steve shook his head.
“Yes, I suppose I am. Doing better,” he replied haltingly.
He could hardly hear Tony anymore, only the sound of his soothing voice. Tony adjusted the vibe a few times, and the shock of having it on new skin was fresh every time, to the point that Steve was sure he would come, but he didn’t. The pleasure just kept ratcheting higher.
Tony shook himself and stood up, walking around in a charade of tidying their already spotless apartment. Finally, finally, he heard the elevator doors open, and he turned to greet his lover.
“Iron Man. This is Steve—Captain America. I wanted to check up on you, but Jarvis said you’re unavailable right now.” Steve tried not to let the concern overtake his voice.
“Holy shit,” he said again. “I’m gonna need to work up to that.”
They turn as one and leave the bike in its place, ready for another great adventure.
Tony paled. “Steve.”
Then he felt Tony’s other warm hand rub the lube into his skin, ignoring his cock and hole but getting his whole groin slippery with it, and the pure submission of holding still and letting Tony play with him like that wiped out any coherent thought. He was at the mercy of his lover, unhinged, floating.
Tony’s knot had never fully deflated, and it was growing again. Steve urged him on, meeting every thrust with his hips so Tony went as deep as possible. His prostate felt bruised; he didn’t care. All he wanted was the hot pressure of Tony’s knot filling him up once more.
“Ahh!”
Steve shook his head. “I like to make sure my people are safe for myself. Here, let me…”
“You can stop,” Tony murmured finally. Steve collapsed, his hips still held up from the bed by the restraints, but the rest of him boneless from exertion. His cock ached, his thighs felt like jelly, and his whole body was coated in a sheen of sweat. He wasn’t even sure he wanted to come, anymore—he was just grateful to Tony for allowing him to stop. Tony, Tony, Tony, he thought endlessly.
Clint rolled his eyes and gave them some space. Even though he thankfully couldn’t read minds anymore, it still felt like he was seeing something he shouldn’t when he was around the Avengers’ resident power couple. They were both so...intense. All the time.
Tony breathed in and out slowly.
Steve pulled back and looked chagrined. “I’m sorry I implied this wasn’t incredible news. I just heard you say you were expecting our baby, and my Alpha instincts kicked into high gear. I had to be sure you were safe, and that everything was alright. Everything is alright, right? The baby is okay?”
after what feels like hours Tony finally rises just the tiniest bit before sinking back down, going impossibly slow and moving just the tiniest bit higher on each upstroke
“Mm, yes please,” Tony hummed in response. “Let’s do that.”
Tony sighed. “Let him in, J.”
Natasha and the jet roared into the battlefield behind them, and Steve vaguely heard her order the remaining two villains to place their hands over their heads. “Come on,” he urged, helping Iron Man up. “Come on, onto the jet.”
“Iron Man, respond,” he begged.
“That you’ve got the hots for my invention?
“I can get you ready to take me,” Iron Man said. “Would you like that?”
“M’close,” he whimpered, soon after. “Steve, god, you—ah! You’re so good at that.”
“Oh, Tony,” Steve moaned. “I can’t focus.”
“Tony, no. You can’t blame yourself for the actions of a madman. He is responsible, not you.”
The thrusting didn’t stop as the vibrations sped up slowly. Each thrust narrowly missed his prostate, and the gauntlet on his hip was holding him down, so he couldn’t quirk his pelvis for a better angle. He was well and truly trapped, being fucked by his own armor, while his lover looked on.
Steve plunged into him in one deep thrust, urging Tony’s legs around his middle. Tony screamed his pleasure, hearing it echo across the room. His vision whited out just slightly around the edges, and though he’d come only minutes ago, he felt like he’d narrowly avoided coming again.
Tony cooed and praised him, urging him back down into the restraints. He rocked Steve’s hips forward again, and Steve groaned to feel the silk under him once more. It was never going to be enough. He would be stuck here forever, at Tony’s mercy, on the edge for eternity.
“Why do you want to be married?”
“You want me to fuck him, Cap?” Iron Man called, the helmet turning to look at Steve.
“Uunh,” Steve groaned, and lolled his head to one side, catching Tony’s face in the corner of his eye. “Feels...not enough. Not enough friction. Hot, wet, not enough.”
Steve is...big.
Tony didn’t wait for him to find what he was looking for before grasping his shirt and pulling him back in, clashing their mouths together firmly and slipping some tongue against Steve’s bottom lip. He obligingly opened his lips, and Tony tasted him. It was the best thing he ever tasted.
“I told you they feel good,” Tony reminded him, slinking into the room like a proud cat. “You look amazing.”
“Well,” Rhodey cut him off, “I’ll say one thing about this Captain Rogers. I’m sure as hell glad he’s the one out there fighting with you. You know, I’ve said a lot of the same things about stunts you pull.”
“Appreciate the backup!” Iron Man hollered, swinging the octopus around by a tentacle. “I think I just might have this one covered, though.”
The silky thing Tony is wearing flutters across his legs, sensation teasing at him as Tony bobs his head
Tony chose to ignore the compliments, because they did not compute. “But. Steve, I don’t really, ah. Believe in the soulmates thing?”
Tony was shaking, his knees almost buckling. Steve caught him, and brought him back to the couch. “I’ve doomed you,” Tony was murmuring under his breath, again and again. “I’ve doomed  you.”
Then.
On top of that, some of the monsters they fought as Avengers were such despicable creatures that you couldn’t help but believe in demons. They weren’t red-skinned men with horns and pitchforks, they were humans, and they lived among us.
“Steve,” he whined, shuddering as the man continued to lick at his softened, overstimulated cock. “Steve, baby, too much.”
JARVIS, apparently sensing the rhetorical question, stayed silent. Tony huffed, even though he knew he wouldn’t have reacted well to a serious response just then.
He was addicted.
Tony sighed. He knew exactly where this was going. “I fly with the armor, with technology I created. My company hopes to release a commercial model of the flight tech next year. No weapons, of course. You can Google what happened to me—has someone shown you how to Google? Good. And no, I don’t like to show people my wings without the prosthetics.”
“Please,” Steve groaned. “Just—anything more—”
“Not a long flight,” Steve promises, nose pressing into his hair. Tony only hums and sips more coffee.
“Mm,” Steve responds.
Tony fell silent and looked back to the man on the screen. Steve Rogers was motioning to the soldiers behind him, leading them onward to some unknown battle. He looked tired, but stalwart, and when he glanced over his shoulder, he grinned. Tony knew he would never see a smile as pretty as that one.
“I pictured you, um, kissing,” Steve admitted.
Skirting around Chicago turns out to be the right choice, for even so they are caught in traffic. They make it to Davenport, Iowa before the sun sets and Steve proclaims they won't go further. This time they get a proper hotel, at Tony’s insistence.
Then again, there is life here. Not just the occasional small town, but also desert sheep and foxes, snakes and even birds. The coyote calls ring out at night, audible even from the safety of their motel in town.
“Hey, there, Legolas,” Stark announced from the door. Great.
Steve breathes deep through his nose, inhaling, his back arched to give himself a better angle as he fucks his own fingers. He starts up his teasing, slow grinding again, making Tony moan.
By the time Tony was up to three fingers, Steve was thrusting back onto them with every breath, groaning and whining to the tempo Tony set. He thrust up into the panties, too, though he knew they would only move with him. It felt like he was being caressed from all sides, keeping his nerves alight with pleasure from the slightest shift.
As soon as she spoke, JARVIS audibly unlocked the doors around them. “My sincere apologies, Captain Rogers,” he intoned. “I am still only a program. I must do what my program states.”
“Someone get through your burglary system?” Steve asked casually.
“You have a freezer on your own floor, Barton,” Tony pointed out cavalierly. “And I own all the freezers, so I get first pick.”
, Steve thought to himself.
They were both asleep in minutes.
“Ngh,” Steve garbled, but it was enough that Tony looked up at him.
The fingers and joints of this suit were more articulated, and it was nearly impossible for them to pinch skin or hair. Each knuckle and wrist moved in the same range of motion as a human, which allowed for a more realistic-feeling touch during foreplay. The classic Iron Man helmet had been based on one of the older designs—Tony figured Steve would appreciate something a little more retro. The eyes glowed arc-reactor blue when he turned it on.
“Shhh, honey, I’m right here. Feel me?”
They stay like that, almost wrapped in each other, until finally Steve shifts.
Tony’s warm grip fell to the backs of his thighs, holding still to feel the rhythmic tension and release of Steve’s thrusting. He fingered the tendons delicately, tracing them down to his knees and back up until the disappeared into the meat of his ass. Then he ran teasing, tickling fingertips up to his balls, making Steve jerk and lose his rhythm.
They ride across Utah in a single day, and Tony, once again, revises his opinion of the most beautiful place in the country. The pavement beneath them turns an almost startling red color, matching the rocks surrounding them on all sides.
Finally on their fourth day, Tony admits it’s time to move on. He’s been getting gradually less and less sleep with the bizarre taxidermy hanging above him at night.
“Do not apologize,” Tony scolded. “That is the last thing you should be apologizing for, and, hold on, just how big are you?”
“It feels…” Tony hummed thoughtfully, continuing to pet Steve’s arms. “It feels like flying, almost. I feel eye-catching and unrestrained. I feel feminine, like I’m this ethereal thing that can’t be tamed. I feel…”
“So--so hot, Jesus, Steve. You’re so sweet for me. Look at your mess, you let me do this to you--ah!” And with that, his own orgasm hit him, and he collapsed over top of Steve.
. And, you know, if you’re not gonna have a party on New Years, when
Hearing it out loud nearly sent Tony babbling again. “The test was positive. Could be expired. It’s been in my bathroom for months, and really, Mike, if you know anything about me, you know what kind of shit I keep in there.”
“Let me,” Steve asked, moving a hand down to grasp at Tony’s cock and pump it firmly. Tony groaned, thrusting into the curl of Steve’s hand like it was the best thing he’d ever felt.
Steve let himself get swept up in the rhythm, the feel of it. He felt cherished and owned, but free and inescapably untamed, like he had broken all the rules and now there was nothing left but him and Tony, fucking and loving, sucking and licking. When their mouths came together they would taste one another, but he couldn’t call it kissing–they had lost too much coordination for that. This was pure animal mating, as savage an event as two lovers could share. Steve wanted to cry from the intensity of it.
zone.
“I finished. Wanna try it out?”
He could feel Tony’s shuddering exhale, almost a laugh, on the back of his neck. “I love how you take my knot, darling,” the Alpha crooned, stroking long fingers through Steve’s hair. “It’s like it’s the first time, every time. You get so overwhelmed. So sweet.”
They stop for lunch in a town called Donegal, south of Pittsburgh. It is so tiny that the only fast food is a Subway and McDonald’s, which turns Tony’s stomach just to think about. He doesn’t have to say anything, though, for Steve pulls into a local diner with dark wood-paneled walls and a cheerful waitress. Tony eats until he is full and tips two hundred percent.
Iron Man shifted at that phrase,
“Shhh,” Tony soothed again, and there were warm, calloused hands on his wrists. He checked the tightness of the rope, made sure Steve’s circulation wasn’t being cut off. Then he trailed up to Steve’s shoulders, rubbing at the muscle there and getting Steve to slump into the pillows. He checked the rigging around Steve’s hips and thighs, making sure nothing was rubbing or causing carpet burn. Then, giving Steve’s ass a playful smack, he settled his weight between his thighs on the bed, resting hands on his hips. He moved with Steve’s rocking, encouraging the slow, steady motion down into the sheets.
“But surely—”
“From what I read about Stane,” Steve cut him off, “he was a cruel and evil man. He was selling weapons to the other side, and he tried to kill you multiple times. I can’t say I’m sorry he’s dead.”
Steve breathed deeply again, and Tony realized he was scenting. Tony stepped closer in the curve of his arms, trying to saturate Steve with his scent.
A few times, Steve makes aborted movements towards him, as if he was going to pat Tony heartily on the back, or even touch his hair, maybe. Every time he stops himself before he does, and Tony holds his breath so Steve won’t hear his whine of rejection.
(and Tony can’t help capitalizing it in his head) he’s been more jittery than usual. He’s hyper-aware of Steve, of where he is and who he is with. He feels more and more like he should be sharing meals with someone, like he should tell someone the funny things DUM-E did that day, like he is missing out on pieces of someone else’s life.
Steve comes, and it's so long, and hard, but Tony doesn't stop. He just keeps lifting himself up off of Steve's cock and then slamming back down, his hands gripping Steve's arm and pushing him down into the mattress while he bucks in overstimulation
“Sure,” Steve shrugged, like it was no big deal. “You think my down looks this color naturally? No, I started dyeing it when I went on tour, back with the USO. It made the most sense for Cap to have red white and blue wings, not red, white and gold.”
him this would happen, but he’s so paranoid. Steve, are you all right?”
No. Tony didn’t believe in soulmates.
The road is long and hilly in places, but most of the state is dense, flat cornfields. They whip by, uncaring as two of the most powerful people in the world weave between them—but then everything seems small in those fields. Tony is used to feeling small, living in such a big city, but this is a different sort of small feeling. This makes the world feel boundless. The only things keeping the world together are the corn and the thin, everlasting strip of road ahead and behind them. He shivers despite the sun and Steve’s radiating warmth at his front.
“Why do
“Quick, where is Tony? We need to get you out of that thing—”
Tony stood in all his near-naked glory, flushed and sweaty from a long workout. His hair was swept every which way, like he’d run his hands through it. His collar bones shimmered in a thin layer of sweat just above the neckline of his workout tank. His arms were muscled, shoulders toned, his whole core looked rock solid. He was lifting a corner of his shirt to wipe his forehead, and so Steve got a full view of his gorgeous, tanned stomach. The waistband of his gym shorts hung low, exposing the sinful vee between his hip bones. Even his legs, long and shaped, were on full display, the hem of the shorts so much higher than was probably decent.
Tony has downed two-thirds of the bottle of bourbon before anyone even gets the memo that something might be wrong.
But the moment he saw Captain America’s face on that projector screen, Tony knew beyond a shadow of a doubt that this was his soulmate.
“Fine,” Clint said shortly, but he didn’t take his eyes off Stark.
Steve didn’t have to ask before what. Fury had briefed all the Avengers on Afghanistan. “You plucked, in the cave.”
.o0o.
“Tony! I’m gonna come!”
“Tony. Take a deep breath.”
The next morning, Steve wakes him up with his tongue lapping at the base of Tony’s cock and the back of his throat coaxing his orgasm out of him. He cries out.
“Steve,” Tony pleaded. His voice sounded desperate. “Please don’t question this.”
But he couldn’t be happier that he got to bring Steve along for the ride. His Steve, with his careful, honest voice, his respectful demeanor, his misleading blush. Under all that was a kinky son-of-a-bitch, and Tony was so grateful that he was the one Steve had trusted with that, with his deepest desires. He was going to do everything in his power to prove to Steve that he’d made the right choice.
“Oh, Tony.”
“Not a great idea to attack an Avenger, kid,” Steve counseled, setting his tone firmly in that
Tony said something about semi-public sex being a new favorite, and Steve remembered that he was kneeling on a SHIELD bathroom floor. He quickly tucked Tony back in and stood unsteadily, blushing.
Tony knows instantly—some people say it feels like fireworks, but for Tony, it feels like a balm, like aloe on sunburned skin. He immediately jolts back, away from the feeling. He tells himself it’s because now isn’t the the time to deal with it, they need to clean up and help survivors—but his heart pounds a staccato beat against the reactor, fast with anxiety.
“Steve, Steve, too much!”
Steve didn’t turn back to his task. Tony, spellbound, kept staring. He was grateful when Steve broke the silence.
The desert is beautiful, though, in its own way. Not as grandiose as the mountains, nor as placid as the lakes and oceans. Still, it does seem endless, almost like the cornfields of the midwest. It drives on relentlessly, nearly impenetrable aside from the straight, weathered freeways that criss-cross it. Tony couldn’t imagine covering this ground without an engine and wheels underneath him. Even with the bike, he feels vulnerable to the elements—like, for the first time since starting this trip, he’s found a place he couldn’t tackle on his own.
Bruce nodded sagely. “I am not invested in this conversation at all. I’m not attracted to faceless people in costumes.”
trust you, Steve. Saturn Intelligence is risky stuff, though. If someone found out, any old SI employee, or a passerby, and they weren’t thoroughly warned of the consequences of telling others about this information, well. It could be dangerous. So Tony built Saturn into JARVIS’ framework, so that anyone, regardless of how trusted they are, would be locked down until someone could explain it to them.”
“You know, you’re supposed to have someone to kiss on New Year’s Day,” he said, apropos of nothing. “I didn’t see you looking for anyone close to the countdown.”
“A baby,” Steve said, sounding awestruck.
“It’s good. Good, really good.” Steve still sounded strained.
Steve let his own hands fall to Tony’s hips, felt the familiar soft fabric there. Tony wore panties more often than boxers, anymore. It was tantalizing, to have him so bare, but still covered right where Steve wanted to look, to touch. This particular pair especially drew the eye to Tony’s crack, but Steve knew that wasn’t what he wanted tonight.
“God, please just fuck me,” Tony begged. “Hard.”
Tony alternated like that, giving Steve kitten licks and then blowing pointed air, until Steve really did whine out loud. His face instantly turned red, and he almost tried to hide in the pillows again. However, the look on Tony’s face when he heard Steve whine was only awe and affection, no derision to be seen. He groaned once more just to see Tony’s eyes light up again.
“I have not thought about it,” Bruce insisted.
Through this rambling speech, the divot between Steve’s eyebrows has gotten deeper and more pronounced. “You think I don’t want you,” he says.
With some help from JARVIS, Steve managed to get Tony into his penthouse and into bed. Tony huffed when Steve moved him to get the blankets out from under where he had landed, but settled right away when Steve tucked him in.
Tony stifled a laugh, and Steve glared. “Sorry, not laughing at you,” he reassured, and petted at Steve’s hip. “Just surprised. You fantasized about
“You,” Steve started to argue, but then Tony’s tongue swept across one of his nipples, and talking was suddenly too much.
.o0o.
“So it
It isn’t a problem, on this trip. It turns out that when facing off against Steve’s brawn, no one much wants to say anything nasty about either of them. They make it all the way to Panama City Beach without event.
, Tony thought helplessly, but he swallowed back the tears and said, “Sure thing.”
“I’ll always want to help you, Tony,” Steve confessed.
.o0o.
So, Tony stuck it out and answered the stupid questions.
“Iron Man?” Tony asked, and Steve realized his eyes were unfocused. “Yes, he’s alright.”
“Steve, so good, yeah,” Tony was growling, almost without realizing it. “Mine, my Steve, looking so pretty for me.”
“God, you’re beautiful,” Tony murmured, heartfelt. His touch softened, teasing through the silk, his fingertips almost reverent as they traced the lace’s pattern.
“Morning,” he grunts like usual, and downs half of his coffee in four gulps.
It was only a matter of time before it got porny.
Almost like he was empty.
“Me too,” Steve whined. “Tony, Tony, you look so beautiful. I know you would, like this.”
it's too fast, it's too much—
“Before the serum?” Tony asked curiously.
(See the end of the chapter for
“How are you? Brenda and the kids? I saw the photo of you all at the Grand Canyon last month, very charming. All American vacation, my husband would be proud.”
Maybe, if Steve stayed asleep long enough, one of them would beckon him into their moment, eyes hooded, and ask if he liked what he saw. Ask if he wanted to watch, or to—to—
Before he could catch his breath, Tony’s wide tongue was lapping at the silk and surrounding skin. It was warm, but not wet right away, at least not until the saliva soaked through the panties.
Tony sits in dejected silence. Then a heated sob rings out. “Then why does it feel like I failed?”
“Iron Man,” Steve spoke up, and Tony glanced over at him. His cock was out now, his palm stroking unforgivingly over the head, harder than Tony liked himself. “Do you think you could...lift him?”
“Considering what you’re doing–mm, yes–you don’t really have a leg to stand on.”
“You do. So beautiful.” Steve groaned and bit his fist. “I want to see…”
Generally, a mostly naked Steve is a welcome addition to Tony’s day, but he finds that in this instance, the married women watching over their kids at the pool are tittering and staring too much for his comfort. So before too long he hauls them up to their room and lets Steve fuck him against the heavy suite door.
Iron Man and Mr. Stark had a similar sense of humor, and imagining them firing their wits at one another was spectacular. Mr. Stark was lean and muscled, shorter than everyone on the team but Natasha, and he had a such a vibrant personality that anyone in the room gravitated toward him. Iron Man was taller, more stoic, but still hilarious, and he was flashy enough just to look at that he didn’t need to hold the room’s attention with his sparkling conversation.
His hips were suspended above the bed by soft strips of scarlet red fabric, which were attached to ropes and strung from the metal bed frame Tony had designed and built himself. His arms were spread out at a 90-degree angle from his torso, tied at the wrists with red cotton rope. It disappeared under the mattress, holding him in place, just where Tony wanted him.
“God, you look incredible like this,” Tony told him. “Your muscles stand out when you move. Like a kinetic sculpture, a work of art. I love your back. Your ass,” here, his hands dipped lower, squeezing and pulling to expose Steve’s hole briefly. “Your thighs. God, I could watch your thighs flex for hours like this.”
“Yes, that–that sounds good,” Steve sighed, shaking at Tony’s questing fingers.
“Okay. Let me or one of the team know if you need anything. We don’t want to push your boundaries, but you’re one of us, and when one of us is down, we all feel it. I—we want to help.”
The next morning, the weather has cleared, and Steve checks the forecast to be sure they can make it to Sacramento without a deluge. They can, so after breakfast they hit the road once more, and make good time through wine country. The greenery is nearly overpowering in northern California, giving way to mountains lovelier still than those they’d seen before.
Tony is still fucking himself on Steve, ignoring him almost completely except to adjust Steve's grip on his hips and then keeps going
Tony breathed deep and instantly felt more focused. “Jeez, doc, I’m not having a panic attack.”
“You dye your wings?!”
“No, Steve,” Pepper soothed. “You don’t need to be assessed. I think you’ve shown that your character isn’t one to turn in gossip about Tony Stark to the tabloids. I have ruled that you are a safe addition to the Saturn Protocol.”
It was day two of locking himself in the range and killing all of Stark’s best holographic bunnies. His curse thankfully only spread to about a ten foot radius, so unless someone was spying on him, there was a pretty good chance he would be alone in his thoughts until his arm got tired.
Tony strips out of the ruined nightie. He offers Steve some juice, then takes some himself, before arranging Steve to his liking and curling around him on the bed. He keeps his hands stroking along Steve's sides, calming and soothing.
While the people in this fic are technically not in costume, I felt like wingfic was basically me dressing my fave characters in a different costume for a while so i can make them fall in love in new and inventive ways, right?
Tony loves Captain America, but he's never seen Steve Rogers before.
mmmmmm yummy
Steve only growled something unintelligible against the skin of Tony’s neck, then bit there hard enough to leave teeth imprints. On hand gripped Tony’s still-raised wrists, and the other held firm at his hip, holding him steady as he fucked him hard. He smashed his lips against Tony’s once more, a parody of kiss, both of them too far gone to orchestrate a real one.
“No!” Iron Man coughed wetly. “No, I’ll be fine. I just. Need to get back to the tower.”
Tony gave a weak laugh. “Never thought I’d hear Captain America ready to dance on someone’s grave.”
.o0o.
Steve sobbed inaudibly, grasping blindly for Tony’s waist, and relaxed into him for the first time since coming home.
IT'S STILL TECHNICALLY OCT 7 OK I KNOW IM CUTTING IT CLOSE
Tony slowly swallows down more and more of Steve until Steve can feel his chin bumping against his balls and Steve can't do anything but gasp and pull at Tony's hair
“Now, I’m ready,” he ordered. “Fuck me.”
[I wish Steve would look at me and smile. I love it when he’s so genuinely happy.]
With that, Steve was coming against Tony’s leg, crying out around his mouthful. This sent Tony careening into orgasm right behind him, moaning so loud that he was sure the whole base could hear him. He held Steve close, with his nose buried at the base of his cock, until he’d finished coming down his throat.
“Okay,” Steve agreed reluctantly. “If you say so.”
“No, no! Not making fun of you,” Tony corrected, and the hand on Steve’s shoulder slipped to curve around his neck. “You see, I'm pretty gone on you too.”
“Tony,” Steve murmurs. “Tony, are you—”
“I love that I can do that for you, darling,” Tony murmured. “I love how sweet you are for me.”
They make it to Toledo as the night truly set in. The motel Steve had booked was clean and mostly empty, at least, and Tony finds that, though he hadn’t spoken or done much all day, he is exhausted. Without a second thought he falls asleep on the lumpy bed.
and Tony doesn't say anything, he just walks slowly over to Steve and pushes him until he's sitting at the foot of the bed and Tony is on his knees between his legs
They drive into Seattle with the morning rush, to Steve’s dismay. he grumbles about traffic until they are in sight of the Space Needle, and then he only shuts up when Tony mentions they should stop for some nice seafood. They spend half the day sightseeing along the Puget Sound. When Tony announces he’s seen enough fish for one day, they hop back on the bike and trek slowly southwest. The land is green again, almost more lush than the east coast, and Tony spies wildflowers on nearly every slope.
“We have an appointment with Doctor Mike. But unless he finds something, there’s no reason to think there’s anything wrong.”
“When we touched the first time, you pulled back so quickly. Then, in the workshop, you flinched away every time I reached for you, like you weren’t ready to...to do this. So I gave you space. You were so busy, We were all busy with the aftermath of the fight, and it made sense—I thought you needed some time. I was waiting for you to come to me, to be ready. I should have said something.”
Well. Except about things he won’t mention.
“Shh, it’s okay, Steve,” Tony soothed, and his weight shifted so his ass was in contact with Steve’s upper thighs, so tantalizingly close to where he wanted. “No judgement. Please tell me.”
“O...kay, tell me about how much you hate Steve Rogers.”
“Oh, and one more thing,” Tony added as Steve sunk into the chair. “Don’t come.”
He managed to cover up his arousal by slipping into his Captain voice, asking Tony to follow him. He couldn’t parse whatever Tony was saying as he followed behind, but the second they were behind a locked door, all his bravado left him, and he sandwiched Tony to the wall.
“We should sleep. A good night’s sleep makes everything seem clearer.”
“How you holding up?” Natasha asked, still managing to startle him as she leaned against his armrest.
, and I can’t even feel bad about it, because it keeps you
Iron Man.”
“It’s an energy source, among other things,” Tony explained at Steve’s confused look. “It will mask your heat signature on infrared cameras, and it syncs up to your bluetooth-enabled devices and boosts the signal, so even in an underground cave in Moscow, your StarkPhone should work. Also, it charges your phone, so no more of that 'couldn’t call my ride' bullshit.”
“You can tell him to stop and he will probably do his best.”
“Tony.”
“Not a child,” Tony protested half-heartedly. But he was already relaxing under the covers, sighing sweetly and letting his eyes flutter closed. “G’night, Steve.”
Tony sat up and wiped his mouth, looking both awed and proud. “You taste amazing,” he confided, moving up to press a kiss to the corner of Steve’s mouth. Steve caught him and kissed him fully, tasting his own release, and it only made him hotter.
“You could always go for the real thing,” Steve mumbled unthinkingly, then blushing bright red.
Steve wrapped his arm around Tony’s back, holding him close. He breathed deeply, the smell of sex still heavy in the air.
“Are you afraid kids will grow up to be gay because you’re so publicly out?”
Finally, finally, Tony grabs Steve's wrists and moves his hands to his hips, and Steve latches on, feeling the silk of the nightgown brush against his hands, he's pretty sure he's gripping Tony hard enough to leave bruises but he knows Tony doesn't mind, he knows focusing everything into gripping Tony's hips will keep him from losing it, from trying to take control and chase his own pleasure
“You don’t! Because I am a liar, Steve! I’m a
Tony huffs, but he melts under Steve’s attentions. They fall asleep in each other’s arms.
Steve ducked his head sheepishly. “I think everyone knows. I’m not exactly good at subtle.”
Tony had been an accomplished deepthroater in his heyday, and although much of that skillset didn’t fade with time, he still felt like he had to relearn cock sucking from square one with Steve. Maybe it was because the super soldier was so sensitive, arching and shivering at every touch. Maybe it was just that Tony loved Steve’s cock so damn much, he wanted to personalize his technique until his mouth was the only mouth Steve’s dick craved.
This style of thinking had been going on for about fifteen minutes by now. Clint wondered if Stark ever took a break from thinking sappy, romantic things about Steve Rogers.
Together, they would be...beautiful. Steve imagined the innuendo, the smirking from Mr. Stark and the layered silence form Iron Man, akin to a raised eyebrow. He imagined how Mr. Stark’s gaze might soften when he got to see Iron Man’s face, and what the masked man himself might look like.
Steve listened as Iron Man hung up, wondering if he was maybe pushing too hard anyway, despite his best efforts. “Thanks, JARVIS.”
“Sir, if I may interrupt,” JARVIS cut in smoothly. “There is an unused test in the guest bathroom.”
Tony shrugged and tossed a signature grin over his shoulder. Clint huffed and took his giant bucket of ice cream upstairs.
Steve would sometimes catch his eye when one of his audio clips would play on the news, or when some blue-faced bible-thumping lunatic would spit out his name like a curse word. He would raise one perfect eyebrow, as if in disapproval, but Tony could see the smile playing at the corners of his mouth.
Clint opened his mouth to correct the assumption that Stark had been having a sexual fantasy, but then he closed it again. What was he gonna do, tell everyone here that Stark had a giant man-crush on Captain America? He saw Stark’s eyes go solemn with gratitude.
Tony’s eyes were blown black when Steve met his gaze. “Jesus Christ, Steve,” Tony murmured. “You’re perfect. That was amazing, sweetheart, just perfect.”
Steve was whining in tempo, and Tony was so close. The slightest thing would push him over the edge.
“How’s that, my darling?” Tony called to Steve, who was now stroking with purpose over his cock.
Tony got to him.
Steve wanders down to the workshop a few times that first week. He seems curious, but he doesn’t bring up the soulmate thing, so neither does Tony. He answers Steve’s questions about the bots, about JARVIS and his new holographic displays. If Tony’s replies are stilted, well. That’s just because he’s trying not to let himself think about curling up next to Steve’s breastbone and breathing him in. It’s taxing, even for Tony’s brilliant multi-tasking skills.
“Y-y,” Steve groaned.
Steve turned to look him in the eye, and Tony realized they were so close together when his breath moved Steve’s hair. He was lost in those deep blue eyes, he was staring, he knew it. He knew Steve wasn’t his to look at, but he couldn’t help it.
Steve knew this was a bad idea, especially because Tony’s skin was already heated and slick. Too close, too close to something else.
Tony wakes up alone, with a sticky note on the pillow beside him. He’d obviously rolled over it in his sleep, star-fishing over the mattress in Steve’s absence. He un-crumples one corner to read
“Cap,” Steve told himself it was just his imagination that Iron Man sounded so glad to hear him. “Mr. Stark was attacked en route to the airport. He’s fine, but the car is a little…blown up. Three hostiles. Oh, shit—”
So, Tony saw the war footage. He saw the men struggling and the planes taking off, and then he saw the cowl, the stripes. He saw the shield.
“God, I know,” Steve agreed. “I know how he feels. It’s so hot, and—and tight. He’s amazing.”
Stark, though, who had practically invented sarcasm, only grinned back unashamedly. “You know me. I always manage to find a bright side and twist it to benefit myself.”
The countryside is emptier here, fading from lush green fields to drier prairies and finally to the foothills of the Rocky Mountains. Parts of the land are so desolate that they almost run out of gas between rest stops. Steve, ever-prepared, pulls a few spare gallons from his duffel and tops them up on the side of the road, so they make it out okay.
“Not this,” Steve gasped. “God, it was never this good.”
Steve shot off like a rocket. Thick ropes of come, more than Tony had ever seen, pumped out of him for long seconds. He shook with the intensity of it. Finally, he slumped down in his chair, sated and weary.
[I hope Clint’s not listening,] Bruce thought from the other side of the kitchen. [Shit. Now he definitely is. I need to stop thinking his name.]
More tiny sips of water were given, then Tony knelt up to fiddle with the restraint rig above Steve. “Hold still for me,” he ordered, before lowering Steve’s hips down until his weight was completely on the bed. He groaned at the amount of contact his poor cock was experiencing, after so long with only silk and air.
Iron Man was less present, now that the major threat had passed. Steve would occasionally see him make a public appearance at Tony’s side, looking straight and still. Other times, he might wander onto the team floor and chat for a little while, and those were Steve’s favorite times. But he quickly left when the team settled down to play video games or some other group activity.
When Tony was done, he urged Steve to flip over, then settled so he sat on Steve’s thighs. He splayed his hands over Steve’s chest, cupping his pecs.
“Too much, too much,” he whined, wriggling in earnest to get away. Iron man thrust one more time, imitating orgasm himself, before stilling as deep in Tony’s ass as he could be. The slow thudding vibrations clicked off a second later.
“Of course they are, darling. I chose them. And I have impeccable taste.”
Tony’s grin spread wide. “Of course, honey, we can do whatever you want, but rest assured that thing is getting inside me. God, you have no idea what you do to me.”
Finally, after a month of this, Steve came down and knocked on Tony’s workshop door, coffee and lunch in hand.
“Course.” Steve grinned, letting his hands skate down Tony’s arms softly, then threading their hands together. “I mean, you’re amazing. Crazy intelligent, snarky, takes-no-shit. You’re my type. Never mind that you’re gorgeous.”
“Steve’s due home today,” Tony admitted, trying not to sound like he was ready to chew off his fingernails.
Tony held his gaze, wondrous. “Steve,” he began, stopped, then started again. “Steve, are you—”
“I’m serious,” Clint told her. “All he thinks about all day is how cute Cap is, how he wants to wrap him in blankets and give him hot cocoa, how he wishes they would hold hands in Central Park or whatever. It’s sickeningly sweet.”
Tony was gorgeous.
The quickest way to Oklahoma City is straight east, then straight south. Tony complains that this is the most boring leg of their trip yet, and even Steve has to admit that Kansas can’t compete with the days of mountains they just experienced. Still, they make decent headway, and by the time they hit Wichita they’re seeing some changes to the landscape. There are trees, finally, and grass that doesn’t look out of place.
Tony smiled softly, his private smile that only Steve got to see, and asked, “Want to come up to the penthouse with me?”
“Sure, he’s fine,” Iron Man assured. “Suit’s a little banged up—those lasers pack a punch! Do me a favor and keep an eye on these two while I check on him?”
.o0o.
“Jesus Christ, Steve,” Tony groans. “Your dirty talk. Gets me so hot.”
What was left of Steve’s faculties wanted to cry foul, because it had barely been some light petting and temperature play, he should not be this affected, but the order to be still, the self-control he had to maintain without handcuffs or ties holding him in place, the pleasure that never seemed to escalate, only tease, it all got to him.
“Steve—” But the call had ended already.
“What’s this ‘highest priority’ he talks about?”
“M’here, Cap.”
Steve seemed taken aback for a moment. “Do folks really ask you all that invasive stuff? I was just going to say, your wings look a lot like mine used to.”
“Holy shit.”
Steve arched, screaming out in pleasure as the sudden overwhelming friction cascaded through his nervous system. So long with nothing but silk had sent his senses into overdrive, trying to wring his pleasure from nothing. Now, the texture of Tony’s hand was almost too much.
Steve drives them off the fastest route when they draw closer to Ohio, nudging the bike towards Cleveland instead of going straight through the state. They arrive a little behind schedule but breathless at the expanse of Lake Erie sprawling out before them. The drive from then on is punctuated with glimpses of the blue-grey water to their right as they speed onward, racing the dying sun.
“Hey, shh.” Tony stepped forward into the bathroom to brush calming hands across his back. “A little overwhelmed?”
“Iron Man, is he—can you feel him?”
“Have a good night,” Clint called after him, because even though he wasn’t a spy and sucked at lying, he knew when to pretend something that happened didn’t happen.
(See the end of the chapter for
[I wonder if I have everything for dahi toast,] Bruce was musing.
Finally, Tony’s knot began to deflate a little, and Steve could breathe again without jostling them and setting off his nervous system. He felt sore and achy, sticky with come, and he was still breathing like he’d just run a marathon.
, this was exactly what he’d been craving.
is just special,” Tony corrected, slinging an arm around Steve.
Steve's ready to lose his mind because here's Tony, dressed up in soft silk, pretty as anything, but still taking what he wants from Steve, and that's hotter than the rest of it, that Tony can master him this way, so completely
“Okay, fine.
The armor was holding Tony against the wall, one gauntlet supporting his weight, the other running cool fingertips over his sac and perineum. It brushed over his hole, a tantalizing tease.
“I bet they didn’t let you pay, either,” Tony chides. Steve says nothing, which is as good as a “yes” from him.
Clint could deal.
The cock inside Tony immediately began to buzz. “Oh, good lord. Steve,” he moaned. “Wish you could feel this. He’s thundering like a jackhammer.”
“Y-yeah?”
This time, Steve does pull him into a hug. “You didn’t fail,” he insists, his voice breaking. “You didn’t.”
Then, with one slow, even thrust, the armor pushed into him. The metal cock was big, and it gave no quarter. Tony couldn’t squeeze around it the same way he could Steve’s cock, it was too hard. It felt cool and alien inside him. It pushed up, up, deeper into him, until he felt like he couldn’t breathe.
Tony, lost in a wave of sensation, unable to move away from or into Steve’s mouth, was suddenly very close to blowing his load. His breath hitched, and just as he thought he’d managed to hold himself back, a cool wet fingertip pressed behind his balls, pushing hard into his perineum.
This sent a warm and fuzzy feeling up Tony’s spine. He tamped down on the urge to crush Steve into a hug, and instead shot him a cocky grin. “Of course you do. I know style.”
But they had to debrief. He did his level best to not look at the corner of the room where Tony was sitting until the very end. When he finally allowed himself a peek, he was struck dumb.
Steve’s hands were running up and down Tony’s flanks, pressing in to keep him against the wall. “Saw you,” Steve bit out, mouthing at the collar of the undersuit. “Couldn’t wait.”
“Would you like that?” Tony asked, and even though he must have been close to coming, he still sounded so in control. “Knowing that everyone can see you? That they would know this is where you belong?”
Finally Tony pulled back, lips wet with saliva. “Want to spread your legs, darling?” He asked, shifting his weight to give Steve room to move. “I want to get you ready to take my cock.”
The next morning dawns rainy and dark, but everything seems almost magical in the cloud cover. “We didn’t have any rain in Washington,” Steve points out, handing Tony a mug of hot tea. “We were past due.”
“Let me rub against your thigh,” Tony asked, and the machine moved so one of its large, heavy thighs was between Tony’s. The metal was smooth, but the pressure was even and firm, so he thrust lazily against it. He let his eyes fall half-shut, and slid his gaze over to Steve’s corner of the room.
“They’d all see how much of a cockslut you are for me, darling.”
His phone rang, and he scrambled for it. “Yes?”
The penthouse was warm and dark, and Tony’s bed was huge. Steve took his time getting Tony undressed, pressing kisses to every inch of skin as he uncovered it.
with either of them.
The results were a shock, for sure.
But alas, Steve only hugs him tight and tells him, “You know I’ll love you no matter what you look like.”
Tony waited until Steve strolled out of the workshop, whistling, before he let himself breathe freely again.
“You’re so desperate,” he babbled, pulling lightly on Steve’s hair. “Look at you, dragging me aside in the first free moment. Did you even pay attention to debrief? Or were you doing your best not to eye-fuck me in a room full of our respected colleagues?”
Steve wants to see the Everglades, and Tony wants to lay on a beach, so they make it to South Florida the next day. After a good night of rest, Tony begrudgingly follows Steve around a forest for a few hours, secretly enjoying Steve’s awed looks toward the sky. The trees were magnificent, but when they did finally make it to the beach once more, Tony finally had the chance to relax like he’d envisioned. It was so nice they took two days to move on.
Thinking about going to yet another beach after the last two has Tony feeling bored, so instead they turn to Roanoke, Virginia. There they enjoy the foothills of the Appalachians. While not as imposing as the heights of the Rockies, they were still scenic, and bursting with flowers in June.
Clint sighed into his glass of chocolate milk. Reading minds was the worst. People always got self-conscious, then tried not to think about him, then ended up caught in a vicious cycle of chanting [Don’t think about Clint!] until he sulkily left the room. Clint wondered if this was how Professor X felt all the time.
A moment later the little object buzzed to life, and this time Steve didn’t even try to hold back his moans. The vibrator was set to start slow but get faster, peak at a high setting, then smoothly slow down again. It repeated this cycle every three seconds, and Steve’s cries rose and fell with it as his cock kept time in angry red pulses.
“You mean, am I looking forward to a world where every queer kid can come out and not feel ashamed? Abso-fucking-loutely.”
“Mmm, feels perfect,” he moaned showily. “I’m all trapped here. What are you going to do?”
Despite his adage that they’re not in a rush, Steve does step on it bright and early the next morning. Tony’s starting to wear down his patented lack of a sleep schedule, mostly with the aid of coffee and Steve kisses. They’re headed towards Montana before seven.
Since
Tony tortured him with his mouth and clever hands, thumbing at one nipple while nipping and sucking at the other. Steve had never known he was sensitive there, but Tony was relentless, and Steve couldn’t help but squirm under his attentions. He was whining aloud when Tony pulled off and whispered in his ear, “Tell me what you fantasized. I know you imagined this, Steve. Tell me.”
“JARVIS, is Iron Man still in the lab?”
Steve smiles beatifically down. “I know,” he said, and his voice was a little breathy. The first sign that he is as affected as Tony. “I want you good and worked up for me.”
“He, it can, oh fuck.” Tony stopped, tried again. “The metal cock. It can vibrate. Like a toy.”
Then, as if the armor had been waiting for Tony to adjust, it pulled out slowly before grinding all the way back in. The cold wasn’t as shocking this time as the metal warmed. In and out, like a pendulum, slow and even. Tony was going to lose his mind, he just knew it.
By nightfall they make it to North Bend, Washington, on the outskirts of Seattle. The light pollution is noticeable here, especially after so many nights in Montana, but the rich forests of the west coast are only just at their backs. Nine days since their journey started, and the Pacific Ocean is so close, Tony can smell it on the air. He falls asleep dreaming of salt water and sand.
Steve trembled and shook as Tony pulled slowly out, until only the head of his cock caught on Steve’s rim, then thrust slowly back in, letting Steve feel the full length of him as it pushed relentlessly inside. He did it again, and again, never picking up the pace, a ruthless tease for them both.
Eventually Steve felt his second orgasm cresting. He tried to warn Tony, to open his mouth and speak, but he was lost, lost in the ocean of sensation.
“You’re safe,” Steve insisted, and oh, that was bordering so close to his Alpha tone that Tony nodded in agreement before he could process the words themselves. But even as the words registered, he nodded again.
“Tony, I want–”
“Shh, Just take a deep breath.” And, wow, Tony
“Did you check for irregularities in your stock? Inventory, some kind of checks and balances?”
Steve should have known not to trust the lull they had in bad guy activity. They were overdue for something like this, he thought wryly, shoving his uniform roughly on and jamming his comm unit into his ear.
Tony shook himself. “Yes, Jesus. Please kiss me.”
Tony quickly but gently lifts off of Steve's cock and Steve cries out at the rush of sensation it sends through his entire body
“Well. I’m assuming you haven’t told Captain Rogers yet.”
“Stark,” Clint greeted curtly.
“I love when you make sounds for me,” Tony said, tapping lightly on the spot he just licked. “It’s so rare I can get you to lower your walls enough that you aren’t embarrassed. What a treat.”
“Uhm,” Tony managed eloquently. “You don’t have to—hey, Steve, I won’t tell—“
Tony has a popsicle addiction. Steve has a Tony addiction.
“Got two with laser weapons of some kind, and one in a flying mechanized octopus?” Tony panted in his ear. “It’s the stupidest looking villain I’ve been up against in a while.”
“Good, so good for me,” Tony breathed, like Steve had given him a gift. “How does it feel? You doing okay?”
“What, got a problem?”
“I’ll go anywhere as long as it’s with you,” Tony simpered, but they both knew he meant it. They made out on the beach without a care for who was watching after that.
“Shhh, you’re trembling, darling,” Tony hushed. “Just relax. Take what I want to give you.”
“I’d purr like that, too, if I had you straddling me,” Tony flirts from behind his visor.
Tony stays quiet and lets the moment sit with them. Steve knows about his own daddy issues already. He’d found that, when Steve referenced his catholic background, it was best to listen and learn, and not try to understand.
So, yeah, Steve wasn’t religious. Not really.
“Oh,” Tony said again, stupidly, and then they were kissing, and the space between them hadn’t changed, but it felt like it had, like there was something between them that hadn’t been there before. Something precious, something loved.
So the “Tony Stark Has A Heart” joke was a little overdone, as far as Tony was concerned. The last thing he wanted to do was play into it, especially this far post-Pepper, but he found himself doing just that.
.o0o.
“Say, did you bring beef and broccoli?” he asked, turning towards the food.
Steve did. There, laying in white satin, was a miniature arc reactor the size of Tony’s thumb and strung on a chain. It was styled to look like a masculine piece of jewelry, but anyone who had seen his own reactor up close would recognize this for what it truly was.
Steve’s fingers withdrew. Tony saw him reach for his fly and take out his hard cock, rosy and shocking against the deep blue of the uniform. This checked so many of teen Tony’s fantasy boxes, he could hardly believe it–rough sex with a blond in a Captain America suit. Naked, while Steve was clothed. Biting pleasure so intense he cried.
“Okay,” Steve agreed helplessly. “Okay, where is Tony?”
“You do.”
Tony grinned lewdly at Steve. “Oh, trust me, buttercup. This guy’s
The second orgasm wrecks Steve. It punches through him so hard he loses his breath. His vision fuzzes. Tony is panting above him, stroking his come into Steve's abdomen and chest, still clenching around Steve's length as the aftershocks roll through them both
Just as Steve had resigned himself to an eternity of Tony’s fingers petting his balls, there was a change. Tony shifted his weight so he was partially leaning on Steve’s thigh and ran his hands ever so lightly over Steve’s hipbones. “There. That’s a little break for you. How you feeling?”
He's shaking apart while Tony uses him like a glorified dildo
This first kiss felt almost feral, though it was one of the sweetest they’d shared. Their lips met and parted, and met again, as if dancing to a beat only the two of them understood. It felt primal and rare, a blessed moment.
(See the end of the chapter for
Tony sighed, and begrudgingly followed Cap down the hall. “If this is about the blast radius, I told you I was fine. The armor barely got dinged, and—hey, where are we going?”
“I understand,” Steve murmured, getting up to follow Tony.
[But really,] Bruce continued. [What a therapist wouldn’t give to get their hands on Tony’s neuroses.] Clint secretly agreed.
“It’s the big convention for AI and innovative technology. I’m going ahead of my team, making some connections. Schmoozing. It’s hard work, drinking other people’s booze, but hey, somebody’s gotta do it.”
“Oh, don’t trouble yourself—” Tony started, but Steve was already kneeling down to help clean.
Tony met his gaze head on, and once he determined Steve was still in a good headspace, he left them on. “Good boy,” he praised, “Letting me know what you need. I only ever give you what you need.”
“Ooh,” Tony whined. “Please.”
“Let’s agree to do that again. A lot.”
“The second after you, I came like a freight train. All over your thighs. They really do it for me,” Tony admitted, cheekily squeezing Steve’s thigh.
“That’s okay,” Tony repeated, nonplussed.
Steve looked up from his wraps to say hi, but the words caught in his throat.
“Shh, Steve, baby,” Tony crooned. “Just, slow down a little. Give me a chance to catch up, yeah?”
Tony was sitting against the arm of the sofa in the penthouse living room, because he couldn’t bring himself to relax, but he refused on principle to pace. The silence of the apartment around him seemed oppressive. He was nervous, tapping his foot and fingers out of sync, taking deep breaths every few minutes just to keep his cool. Any moment, he could hear something at any moment. He couldn’t let himself assume the worst.
Steve fell into a pattern he had gotten used to in the two months since he started working at the Shield. He moved around the room, deftly dodging grabbing hands and holding his tray steady when someone grabbed a drink from it. People of all genders were waving money at him, attempting to shove it in various parts of the ridiculous ‘Playboy-esque’ uniform he was wearing, but somehow it always ended up just landing in his hand instead.
And not on the filthy request that the man had whispered to him as his wife had giggled somewhere in the background.
Steve sighed as if he’d heard that line before. “Not really, I’ve been here for a couple of months actually.”
Steve leaned against the bar while the bartender, Clint, filled the requested bourbon glass.
Every night was a ‘big night’ at the Shield. There was always some new rich bastard coming in with their entourage to drink and hit on the waitstaff.
“Just doing my job, sir.” He replied stiffly.
The man had taken his vehement refusal in good humor though. His wife seemed disappointed, though.
Conversation. Steve could do conversation. He wasn’t sure if he would be smart enough to hold a genius’s attention, though. But then the other man would become someone else’s problem, so that was okay. “It’s alright. Much better than my last job.”
“Natasha! I could have still been naked!” He shouted. He still felt naked.
“Tony.” He said, sticking out his hand. The waiter frowned at it for a moment before transferring the tray he was holding smoothly to his other hand so that he could shake Tony’s. Tony was impressed, the alcohol in the glasses didn’t even slosh.
“That’s fine, I should probably get home anyway. Happy here needs sleep, like a normal person.”
Apparently whatever rich guy was coming tonight had rented the whole place out, and paid for the tab of everyone that they invited.
“Happy, my good man. What are you doing here?”
Tony waved a hand, “Please, call me Tony. So you’ve worked here for a few months? How do you like it so far?”
Steve was glad to note that even in the bunny get up he was still intimidating enough to get people to back off. He nodded at the man, mentally making a note to himself to tell all of the female servers to avoid him and leave him to the male servers, and guided Helen away.
Steve grabbed the man’s wrist in a steel grip, smiling as he pressed a random drink into the grabbing hand and smiled into the guy’s face.
His job was two fold. Serve drinks, and protect other servers. It was why his check tended to be well padded.
Which seemed to be every elite in New York.
He took a moment to make sure she was okay before both of them went back to the floor and their jobs.
The man in question had been here a few times, and every time Steve had dealt with him within the rules of Shield. Divert, protect, and if that didn’t work, kick out.
He sighed, frowning at his boss. “No, just someone hitting on me. Hey, do you think you could run this drink for me?” He asked hopefully. If he could avoid running into that man, Tony, again, he could call this night a success.
“Yeah, I don’t get much sleep right now, either.” He admitted.
But the amount of money they had given him was enough to soothe the humiliation somewhat, it would pay an entire month’s rent on his crappy apartment and leave enough for the new set of acrylic paints he’d been eyeing.
Steve made his way to the other server, a girl named Helen, with single minded determination. There was still a hand on the bare skin of her ass, just under where the black fabric of her bunny costume ended.
Natasha laughed. “Nope.” She said, popping the ‘p’ obnoxiously. “I think you can protect your own virtue.” She laughed at his expression. “Or not protect it. You wouldn’t be the first of our waitstaff to accompany Tony Stark home.”
Ah, it had been a while since Tony had unearthed himself from his lab. He was usually a regular at Shield. They had the best… taste in uniform.
The other man looked relieved to be away from him, even for a moment, and took the chance to escape, his face almost as red as a tomato now.
Tony grinned at the man, fighting to keep his eyes on his face instead of trailing down the blond guy’s impressive physique. The bunny costume didn’t leave much to the imagination.
The rest of the party passed like that, Tony ignoring everyone else in favor of making Steve laugh at the more ridiculous stories from his life. Every time his bourbon glass ran dry, Steve went to go get a refill, ignoring the knowing looks Natasha was sending him.
Tony smiled and really hoped Steve would use the phone number on the Note line on the check.
The man smiled back uneasily and took the drink, sipping at it. “Of course this is what I wanted. Thank you.” He said carefully.
“You look flushed, Stevie. Are you sick?” Natasha purred from beside him.
Steve grimaced. “Well, jobs really. I was working three, but I make enough here that I could cut it down just to this one. It’s nice having free time again. I forgot how good sleep was.” He said ruefully. Tony laughed. It was actually a pretty nice laugh.
“That was impressive.” A voice said behind him, and Steve turned fluidly on his heel to face them. He was actually getting good at moving around in the stupidly tall things.
“Oh?”
“I’m sure this is what you were going for, sir.” He said politely. Helen hid behind him, peeking out to glare at the man.
“Tony Stark?” He hissed, turning fully to face her. “That was Tony
He felt a pang of guilt. He’d been keeping Steve to himself all night, and the other man probably hadn’t been able to make as much off his guests.
“Happy, get me a check!” He ordered, and the other man pulled out the small book and a pen. Tony filled it out quickly, and looked up just in time to see Steve approaching looking bashful and empty handed.
? Billionaire inventor Tony Stark?”
Tony watched Steve walk away appreciatively, nearly jumping when a heavy hand on his shoulder. He turned to grin at Happy.
Tonight’s crowd was wild, but generous. And largely made of women, some of whom weren’t wearing much more than Steve or his coworkers. The heavy smell of perfume mixed with the scent of alcohol, strong enough that he was starting to get a headache.
Steve leaned back against the wall he hadn't been aware Tony was herding him towards, quirking his lips. “Have you met that Musk dude? Is he as much of a prick in real life as he seems.”
There was a stray spot of green streaked oddly across his wrist. It was flaking slightly at the edges. Paint? The beef cake in front of him didn’t really strike him as a painter, but to each their own.
That’s it, alright? We use that- bye bye! You’re not going home.”
“Brother?” Thor asks in confusion. When he notices Hilde walking there he looks at her with a questioning gaze. She just shrugs, indicating that he doesn’t have any clue, either. Loki has never really been a character that’s easy to read; too unpredictable, too hellbent on stabbing you in the back to protect his own skin. It’s a form of self-preservation that Hilde has to admire one way or another.
“What’s going on?” asks Helen. With her standing closest to Loki, she suddenly gets the child thrust towards her. Except, in the middle of that action, Loki literally disappears into dust and the child almost falls down on the ground. Everybody jumps into action, then. Luckily, Helen is quick enough to catch the Heir.
FRIDAY returns, though even she sounds nervous. How is that even possible? Tony turns towards Strange, pointing at that stupid necklace of him.
“I wish you’d come here to ask me something else. Anything else. Honestly, I… I might not always show it, but I miss you, Nat.” Tony approaches Steve and Morgan before turning back to Nat. “There’s enough place in the house for lunch, if you want to-“
the base, the isn’t the matter of sneaking in, luckily.
But, seeing him sitting there, Tony realizes one thing.
“This can’t be good,” she mutters, not liking the coincidence at all.
But Stark being gone… she knows that’s enough to make Vision panic. Despite assuring them all that he’s
“If you could, would you get rid of the stone even if it would mean you would become powerless?”
“He went to a place called Nidavide with two of our companions. He wished us morons good luck, too,” he explains. Tony lifts an eyebrow as he faces the man; morons? At least he has some sort of self-awareness.
“My humble personage bows before your grandeur,” he starts saying, walking up to Thanos, who takes off his helmet and starts removing his complete armor. “No other being has ever had the might, nay, the nobility, to wield not one but two Infinity Stones.”
“He did? Oh, God,” he interrupts his son as he pulls him into the strongest hug he must probably have ever given. It probably lasts too long than should be allowed, but Tony doesn’t care even a little bit. He’s waited five years for this, and he’s not going to wait any longer.
“We lost Peter?” Now, Steve’s voice shivers as well. His eyes do turn red from upcoming tears, but he seem to be trying to hold it in. Instead, Steve pulls at Tony’s shoulder and wraps his arms around him completely. Finally hugging him, Tony closes his eyes and leans into the touch.
He’s supposed to be their parent? In what universe is that plausible?
“Yeah, I’m fine, I just- we’re fine.”
That seems to do it for Steve, who still doesn’t seem to be too excited about the whole ordeal. As the others wait for them to make their choice, Scott seems even less pleased as they make their decision.
“That’s exactly how this suit could help. Fight off the monsters in our closet and stuff.”
But that’s probably because now they have all the time in the world.
With the scientist heading towards Bleecker Street, Natasha and Clint head their own way after another quick nod at them. They seem to know exactly where they need to go, which is great. Tony, Steve and Scott are the only ones remaining in the alleyway. Everybody but him seems to be suited up, but he’s got some armor on him.
Tony startles when he hears somebody run up to him. He nearly crumbles together, yet when a pair of strong arms wrap themselves around his shoulders, Tony sinks into the familiar touch. Nebula lets go of him, realizing that she’s no longer needed.
“You’re insufferable,” he mutters out. Hilde turns back to the window to have another look at the ship. But no matter how long she looks, she can’t think of any way to escape that. Despite being so large, they’ve snuck up on them so easily, so surely it has a few tricks up its sleeve. “The shields are at seventy-five percent capacity, but it’s dropping with each hit.”
“NO!” she shouts at nobody specifically. She’s too late, there’s no way for her to stop this. Even as she tries, she’s thrown aside by a massive blow to the head that hurts more than she could imagine. She can barely even look up. All she sees is Thanos, pulling Vision off the ground and reaching for his forehead. Vision makes struggling noises, but he won’t be able to get himself out of that hold.
“Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa! Please don’t put your eggs in me!” the kid shouts. Tony almost rolls his eyes before the worry takes over. In the corner of his eye Tony can see him web the woman with the antennas up. Then the guy with the red eyes lies up, kicking Peter right in the face to stop him. Peter gets on his feet easily, unlocking the spider-arms now more easily.
It’s the pegasus that does it. Hilde looks majestic on it, but after everything Tony’s seen in his life, he thinks he finally draws the line at a horse with wings.
“May- is she- has anybody called her?”
She should have recognized it sooner, but the blast messed up her head a bit. It’s only when she sees Vision there again, right where she destroyed him, that she realizes his goal.
“You know, I’d offer to cook you dinner, but you seem pretty miserable already.” Steve is leaning against a bookshelf. The place that had once been so organized and well taken care off is now a dump. Books and files are all scattered around. Used plates are lingering on the tables.
“No! No, nothing like that. Just, it could be a coincidence, I don’t know, but… I dreamt that-“ Tony stops mid-sentence, taking a deep breath. “I had this super weird dream of the Steve and me, with Peter, and then there was another baby,” Tony says quickly, afraid to be interrupted again. The smile on Pepper’s face falls, then, and now instead she’s looking confused.
It’s like her inner child is trying to come back out.
Oh, his tone is teasing. Tony quickly rubs his eyes.
“This thing could finally help bring him back,” Steve points out as he takes the device and looks it over. “Bring everybody back.”
Huh… Strange actually stopped the engines… how about that? When Tony turns to look at him, and actually tell him that he did a good job, that clown actually has the nerve to wink at him.
“I’m okay,” comes in return. Peter’s about to dig him out of there, only to notice that the Guardians seem to be unconscious. They’re all floating away, almost hitting the other moon chunks and massive rocks.
Odal nods, though with still obvious pain in his eyes.
Sam returns. Steve can’t even see them; they’re way too distracted by the non-stop attacks thrown at them.
“Not if I stop. I can put a pin in it right now, and stop.”
The idea of losing Peter, though… that’s unimaginable. He can understand why that woman back at MIT had been so angry at him as she shoved the picture of her son against his chest while waiting for an elevator. Or, she wasn’t waiting for an elevator. She was just standing there for dramatic purposes.
Though she’s never seen Steve looking so angry, so tense. So… ready to rip off these creatures’ heads. And Natasha and Sam seem equally pissed.
“Tony and Peter are missing,” she returns, voice heavy.
Do. Not. Roll. Eyes. Looks like the man holding Peter feels the exact same way. In his annoyance, he moves the blaster back to Peter’s head, making Tony fuming with anger.
She sits herself down onto Thanos’ shoulders with her hands wrapped around his head. Her face scrunches up immediately after that. Thanos shouts, and Mantis grunts in pain or discomfort. Her antennas start glowing, and she’s struggling to stay put.
Strange looks a bit sceptic, but Tony can’t help but let out a relieved breath. They’re fighting the same thing. Thor is in space, going after the same guy as they are. He’s sure that they’ll run into him eventually, which is good.
He isn’t too sure who eventually starts the video, but somebody does. And it hurts to see him there looking the way he’d become in the years Peter had been gone. Like all the life had been sucked out of him. All hope.
“No, no, no,
he hears Peter force out. A small feeling of glee passes him by when another thing flies right by him, though at the same time he’s feeling only horror when he sees Peter losing his grip on the ship, falling down to crash against it. Right at the point where Tony’s about to scream out for him, the Iron Spider reaches Peter and surrounds itself around Tony’s son. Tony finds himself letting out a breath of relief, especially when he can hear Peter gasp for breath once more in his ears.
“Excuse me?” he asks, horrified by the sudden intrusion, until he sees who exactly it is that stormed inside. “Oh, your majesty? Is there something the matter?”
Thanos closes his eyes and reaches down until his hand is on the back of her head. She’s stroking her hair, as if he’s offering her comfort for her pain. “Today, I lost more than you can know. But now is no time to mourn. Now… is no time at all.”
Natasha continues on Steve’s words. “We can snap our own fingers. We can bring everyone back.”
Hearing those words, Wanda, who had pulled her hand away from Vision, extends it back out. She’s trembling, collecting the energy of her Magic together to that point. When she sees a red light appear at her hand, she lets out a soft sob. Their eyes never leave one another.
“A ba- you mean Yaël’s kid?” she asks, referring to the very pregnant woman who is currently in New Asgard, drinking hot soup and keeping her feet up on a pillow, being constantly watched by Hilde who will glare at anybody who even looks at the girl.
Johnny winks at him and then flies off again. It’s probably time to get back out there. They can continue this reunion after it’s over. Especially when he hears Clint trying to reach Steve throughout the battlefield. His voice clear in his earpiece, Tony tries to pinpoint where it comes from.
“Why didn’t you come out?” May asks. Tony gives her a small smile.
“He has. He’s returned to New York with Bruce and Rocket.”
It’s an automatic response, but not one that makes him look innocent.
“Thanks, Pepp,” Peter tells her. She pats his head once, and then drops him onto a flying horse, where he immediately notices Hilde sitting in front of him, giving him a big smile. “Hilde, it’s been a while- OH MY GOD!”
Oh, he’s so tired of funerals. He really is. Steve gives him a sad look before throwing an arm over his shoulder and pulling him closer. Peter lets the tears roll over his cheeks. Behind him there’s everybody. Happy, who puts Morgan back down on the ground so she can join her mother, May and Rhodey, Bruce with his arm in a sling next, the Sousa-family, Thor, Jane and their three kids, Strange and Wong, The Pym-family with Scott and Cassie, Nebula and the Guardians minus Gamora, Peter’s friends standing with Yaël, Loki and the five-year-old Raido, T’Challa, Nakia, Okoye and Shuri, Clint with his sister and her kids, Wanda, Bucky and Natasha, Sam and Sharon, Harley Keener (a kid Peter yet has the pleasure of meeting), Secretary Ross (Peter was as much surprised as all the others), Maria Hill, Carol and Fury.
“And?” Steve asks. Natasha sighs.
“Okay, okay, ready,” Peter assures him nervously. He’s pacing himself, not removing his eyes from the screen in front of them. Tony eyes him for another short second, feeling another wave of pride going through him before turning ahead as well.
“You’re too high up, you’re running out of air.” It hurts, to hear Peter gasp for breath the way he does. Tony tries all he can to go even faster, but it seems like that’s just not happening.
Tony nods. They both take a deep breath, and prepare for another travel.
In the back he can hear Peter shout in panic.
Here we are, back at Tony. After this, it's going to be one chapter a week!
“Feel free to smash a few things along the way,” Steve adds to his instructions, this time pointing at Bruce who is trying to make himself look small.
“Was it juice pops?”
It’s obvious that the world knows who she is, or at least that she’s there, but in contrary to the rest of her teammates, she’s always had the luck that her face never really appeared on any pictures or videos.
With effort, Hilde holds her close, forcing herself to the opening door of the ship. It’s going to take all of her strength, and she sincerely hopes that there’s nobody on the other side of the door. With slow movements, she types in the override code, hitting confirmation. When the door opens, some sort of table comes flying by, missing Hilde and Yaël only barely.
And those familiar robotic spider legs come out, attacking on his adversaries on their own while Peter tries to figure out how to get away from there. With the help of the arms, that means that he can use his own to hold on to the gauntlet, which is great.
“I’m trying to say that… something’s coming,” Peter points to somewhere behind him. Tony groans internally. How in hell was that whole egg-laying part an attempt of telling them that they have company? If they make it out of here Tony really needs to teach his kid to get to the point.
Now Morgan starts to sob, hanging on to Pepper who shushes her quietly. Peter leans against Steve’s shoulder, knowing the whole ‘3000’- thing after Morgan explained it to him last night.
There’s this feeling of victory after Yaël exits the ship with the intention of grabbing her stuff. Hilde would rather not have the child being born in outer space but if it has to happen, it must. The realization that she has no idea how to bring a baby into this world is frightening. She sighs even louder and stands up. The ship won’t get into better shape, so she should probably just bring the others up to date. Maybe find if anybody with any medical history would be interested in coming along.
“Is that what I did?” Tony counters as he rubs his head again. It still hurts from his encounter with the Hulk, and he’s sure he’s bleeding again, somewhere. He’s always bleeding somewhere.
“You like going to the garage, huh? So does daddy.” Tony goes to pick up his daughter with one arm, and the other one holds the helmet. He walks back to the house. “It’s fine, actually. Your mom never wears anything I buy her.”
Morgan nods excitedly as she settles into bed with a large grin. Tony clears his throat and tries to think about what he could tell her. He’s rarely talked about Peter to her lately, but she must have heard him mention the kid earlier with Nat and Scott here.
Peter starts crying despite his joy; the thought of his Dad having to live 5 whole years without Peter, knowing what downward spiral he must have put himself through… Peter doesn’t want to imagine it. Though he already knows a few of the highlights; after all, they had to introduce Morgan to him.
Dr. Cho looks genuine, indeed.
Nebula tells her to be quiet with pained grunts. Thanos hurts her, more and more. Nebula lets out sounds Gamora has never heard her make. Tears stream down her face upon hearing her. She can’t do it, it’s too much.
“It needs to stay out of the garage. We don’t want Morgan to take it sledding again.”
“Did they surrender?” he asks, sarcastically.
“Say, Stark, have you been eating more as well, now that you have a child in the house?” Thor sips on another can of coke before he burps uncontrollably. He quickly excuses himself.
“I’m sorry, Earth is closed today,” he returns loudly, trying the best he can to keep his cool. “You better pack it up and get outta here.”
He taps Peter’s shoulder as if he’s making him into a knight before he starts walking to the side. He loves Peter, very dearly, but he needs to make at least a little bit of distance before he starts to re-form the whole plan once again.
Sam’s eyes widen. “What?” he asks.
bad.” Tony looks down at his figure, noticing he’s not exactly in shape at this moment. Steve never minded. He even often likes to spend special attention to his belly, for some reason.
Steve doesn’t look down at the worn-out suit he’d been wearing. There hadn’t been much else on the quinjet to work with, after all.
Steve is sitting at the lake outside when Sam arrives. He’s got the shield leaning against the bench, the sound of the forest and the water all he can hear until Sam’s footsteps approach. Steve smiles.
But they know life would have been much better with Peter here. Steve just misses him, hanging around in the tower. Sometimes he would just drop down on the couch whenever Steve’s watching TV, and he would rest his head onto Steve’s lap while he’d keep on reading on his tablet. He had been so much like Tony, that of course Steve became so protective of him in only a matter of time.
The entire room turns their head when Okoye’s beads let out an alarm. The warrior looks over some sort of holograph and her eyes widen.
“Has it rough. He misses her, but he’s intent on bringing everybody back.”
“It’s almost midnight,” he points out. “And it’s raining.” Wanda just grins back.
“Whoa, it’s almost as if you’re saying goodbye,” Bucky jokes. Steve rolls his eyes.
Bucky squeezes his shoulder and then nods. The smile he gives looks genuine, like he actually believes his words. Steve should believe them, too.
Hilde figures that if she hadn’t been Asgardian, she would have looked about the same way.
“It’s Peter’s evaluation papers. From his internship,” she gasps out. Tony moves from his spot instantly, running up to the platform and grabbing that piece of paper out of Clint’s hands.
Helen appears to have fallen asleep on the ground. The position she’s in does not look comfortable at all, but Hilde isn’t going to move her. That might just wake her up.
“Stop. Stop it!” It never seems wise to touch the gauntlet; Gamora has never put her hands on it. But this time, she still does. Pulling it down, she looks up to the man who calls himself her father. The man she hates most in her life.
“Do I know you?”
“Vanessa,” Peter points out. “His girlfriend who died; Wade’s constantly trying to die so he can be with her, but he keeps coming back.”
“How does this monstrous device work?” he asks in annoyance, tapping his fingers hard on the holographic screen but getting nothing from it. Loki rolls his eyes before yanking the screen away from him.
“Oh, right… Anyway, they spoke for a while, as if I wasn’t even there. And eventually she agreed to get me back here
“And for some reason they can clearly find us,” Natasha adds. Putting down some numbers into the computer, a hologram of the two individuals that cornered them last night comes up, all here due to the imagery from Sam’s Redwing.
Natasha shakes her head. “The Fantastic Four are somewhere in space according to their lobbyist. The space center has made contact with them and they’re wrapping up their mission prematurely to rejoin us. As for the X-Men…”
Tony quickly puts the phone back against his ear. “Honey, I need to go. Just get them.”
Sam turns his head, forcing up a smile. “Think it bums me out that ‘m gonna have to live in a world without Captain America. Again.”
“As a matter of fact, I think you’re both on to something here.” Bruce starts thinking out loud, frowning as he tries to word his thoughts. “Vision, your mind is made up of a complex construct of overlays; JARVIS, Ultron, Tony, Me, the Stone… all of them mixed together. All of them learning from one another.”
At last, that hole in him feels a bit more complete again. And that’s the best thing he could ever wish for.
“I wish I could say the same, but it’s been about ten minutes or so,” Peter returns, uncertainly. Tony laughs and squeezes even harder, but then eventually he pulls away to have another look at his kid.
“I’m sorry, but let’s not forget about Widow’s Watermelons,” Bruce interjects.
“Yeah, I’ll do you one better,” Tony starts, removing his helmet as well. “Who’s Gamora?”
“You get the ship ready, and I’ll get everybody – including your brother – on board, alright?”
Howard frowns only slightly, but then he gives him a friendly smile and holds out his hand for Tony to shake. “Well, I’m Howard Stark.”
“Thank God.” There’s another audible eyeroll from Yaël, who pushes down her sleeve. Dr. Cho moves to her equipment and puts the tube filled with blood into some sort of machine to get the results. Hilde has no idea what she’s supposed to learn from it, but at this point she doesn’t even care, anymore.
“Hey, buddy,” he returns. Rhodey gasps in relief, storming past Peter to pull him into a strong hug. Tony lets out a surprised, yet amused sound. With his left hand he pats Rhodey on the back.
Tony chuckles. “I’m certainly going to try,” he agrees. They pull back, look at each other for a few seconds before Rhodey shakes his head and steps back, probably knowing that he should give Peter a moment.
“I remember when all of you suddenly started moving in in my tower,” Tony says as he’s leaning over the railing. Right next to him stands Steve, who has his shoulder pressed right against Tony’s. Despite the height-difference between them, Steve still has his head lowered towards Tony and his eyes closed.
“You should not be here,” he breathes out, nervous all the sudden. His entire body starts to shake, his chest aching, making him want to start rub the scar. He shakes his head while his eyes never leave Peter’s guilty face.
Tony’s eyes widen, and his mouth drops open.
When they pull back, Wanda takes his hand into her own and she pulls him towards the door. On her way, she grabs their coats and a bonnet.
“Now, you, I never thought to be seeing you again,” Tony says while pointing at the third guest. He’s only met him twice so far, and both times they’ve been on opposite sides to one another.
“Show us,” Steve instructs the AI, and immediately a screen pops up in front of them. On it, there seems to be footage of a familiar figure he hasn’t seen in years. One he didn’t expect to ever see, before.
Steve closes his eyes and just dances.
Hilde can hear Thor scream. He’s struggling, fighting, but even from where Hilde is standing she can see that it doesn’t do them any good. Thanos’ large hand grabs hold of Thor’s head, pulling him off the ground and throwing him against a wall, strong enough to break even a few of the King’s bones.
The Fantastic Four also seem to have finally reunited, but the biggest surprise, much to Tony’s extra glee, is the familiar blue suit he’d been working on. The Rescue armor lands on the ground, and as the figure looks up, the helmet moves back and reveals Pepper’s very annoyed face.
“You just did.”
Pepper gives him a sad smile but crosses her arms.
“How do you organize a galactic party?”
Thanos’ arrival on Titan does not help his anxiety at all. The whole planet exists out of nothing but wreckage after wreckage. The gravity is insane, and while they can still breathe here, Peter can’t help but feel a bit lightheaded about the strange form of oxygen going around here.
He takes down three more guys, standing close to Shuri who gives him a friendly smile. In any other situation, he would have greeted her, maybe try and start a conversation after having heard so much about her. Now, all he can do is watch how Tony is using the last of his strength to pull on Thanos’ arm in another attempt to get the glove off. Thanos seems less than impressed and swats him away easily. He immediately raises his hand, says something that Peter can’t hear, and snaps his finger.
“We’ve discovered that the ship can divide itself in two. If we can get everybody to the second quadrant of the ship, she could hop into that wormhole over there and try to hide on a nearby planet.” The man points through the window, but Hilde can’t see the wormhole he’s talking about. Still, she’s sure he knows what he talks about. She’s about ready to say something else, when suddenly she can hear footsteps nearing.
Pepper takes his hand into her own, squeezing his fingers gently. “I know this is hard. This must be about the hardest thing I’ve ever done, too. But I know we can get through this.”
FRIDAY points out.
“We’re the Avengers, man,” the boy states proudly. Then Quill lets go of him completely and Peter takes a deep breath. A look of recognition passes over Quill’s face.
“But he already knows it’s in me,” Yaël quickly counters, sounding annoyed by it all. They’re interrupted by the sound of shouts in the front of the crowd. The three turn to the source of it, finding that the hangar doors have just opened.
“I’m sorry, little pal,” he greets him. “We’re working on it.”
May’s voice sounds exactly the same. Tony feels his breath stop for a moment, but then he smiles.
But now he’s the opposite of that Bruce. “Thanos,” he says. “He’s a plague, Tony. He invades planets, he takes what he wants, he wipes out half the population. He sent Loki; the attack on New York? That’s him!”
“And you really have to pee, yeah, everybody does,” Pepper responds, looking a bit confused at Tony’s question.
When he turns, he sees Bucky’s form scattering. He’s disappearing, literally, turning into dust. Steve gasp in surprise, unable to place what’s happening. For a moment, he even thinks it’s a prank. Bucky drops his weapon and falls on the ground, only this time disappearing completely.
“Pete…” Steve whispers sadly. “We want to try and bring him back.”
the AI returns. Steve looks back at Natasha, both of them giving each other an understanding look.
Steve can’t stop looking at him, as if he’s afraid that he’s just going to disappear if he would turn away. It’s like it hasn’t sunken it quite yet; Tony’s back. He’s alive. Steve saw his dead body in the remnants of a place he once called home, and now he’s standing here much like it hadn’t happened. But it did.
Except, what he didn’t calculate into that was the Hulk, who had been going down the stairs until now and breaks through the door in his anger for taking such a long time over it. Tony feels himself being thrown aside, as the suit case leaves his hand.
“Hey, Dad?”
“Where to start? Uh, the Aether, first, is not a stone. Someone called it a stone before? It’s more of an angry sludge thing, so… someone’s gonna need to amend that.” Thor pours some sort of drops in his eyes while he yawns tiredly. Man, who would have a thought that parenthood would make such a wreck out of this man?
Tony frowns. “That sounds dangerous,” he mutters. Peter shrugs.
The impact on the ground is still strong enough to throw them off their feet. Tony lands onto his side as dust fills on the inside. He loses sight of Peter, but after hearing a shrieked ‘holy shit’ from his direction he’s at least sure the kid’s fine.
, Tony thinks to himself in silence.
Suddenly, a beeping sound comes up. Gamora looks to the side, finding that the orange dot on the map is changing.
“Where is he?” she asks as she toys with her fingers.
Tony notices immediately that she’s not used to winning. He throws the game a few more times after that. That’s just his father’s instinct talking, right here.
“I saw Peggy?” Steve offers. Tony blinks at him in surprise. “Don’t worry, it wasn’t- I just saw her behind a window. She didn’t see me.”
Wanda can only smile back at him before Vision pushes her back strongly, making her lose her balance. Not even a second after, the creature is disappearing with Vision.
He removes the suit, looks down at the Captain America uniform he still has on. He can’t go walking around like this.
“Okay, okay, I’m sorry but if this matter is as urgent as you’ve claimed it to be, then we must start evacuating the ship now,” Thor says. He turns back towards Hilde and nods her way. “Search for Korg and Miek, let them help with the evacuation. Then search the escape pods, with luck, there’s enough place for everybody.”
“I’m so sorry, Tony,” he sobs out. Tony is still too weak to get up and comfort him, so all he can do is lift up Steve’s hand and press his lips against his fingers.
Steve, too, is grinning the moment he sees him. He holds a hand against his chest, as if he’s trying to keep his heart from pounding so fast. At least, that’s what Tony thinks, since his own heart is pounding like it is.
“It’s possible, yeah,” the other girl responds to Loki’s suggestion. That’s when Thor seems to finally get enough of it.
With Peter, it didn’t really matter what he ate; he could eat pizzas and fries every day and wouldn’t have gain a single bit of weight. Morgan, though, she is 100%, completely human. There’s not a speck of super soldier in her. Nothing related to spider-venom. She is just… perfect.
“You’ve made me very curious. Is it Banner? Or perhaps Barton? Though I don’t understand why they wouldn’t want you to take off your beard?”
“Not much longer,” Hilde assures her. They’ve made one or two jumps, but she hasn’t dared to do more of them with the whole pregnancy-situation. It’s good that she was there to explain the whole concept of it to Stark when he asked about it, because escape pods initially aren’t equipped with this sort of thing.
Bruce, in Stark’s Hulkbuster armor is the first one to reach him. But that’s also about it. Mid-jump, Bruce suddenly slows down, until he becomes intangible and phases right through Thanos. He only regains his corporeal form when half the suit is merge with the giant rock behind him.
“No,” she says shortly.
Steve looks apologetic, that much Tony can see. He also knows that, while the mission five years ago has been an epic failure, the super soldier never really lost hope that they might find a way to fix it. That hope has just been… dormant for a couple of years.
There have been enough losses today. This whole battle; it’s simply a massacre, happening in front of them all. Wakandan warriors and mutants alike, all of them seem to be dropping down like flies, yet they give it their all to get through this whole thing. Their all being their lives.
“Good,” Hilde says in relief. They’re not going to treat them as prisoners. That’s good. “You don’t seem too surprised of our existence. I thought the people of Earth weren’t aware of extraterrestrial life?”
There’s a signal. Peter knows what it is. So everybody jumps into action when a large chunk of wreckage descends onto Thanos. Peter can see Tony using his thrusters to make it gain speed. Thanos is taken by surprise and can’t react.
is going on between them, but he also knows that Natasha is a very private person, so he doesn’t ask. He already feels like he’s intruding when he catches them looking at each other. When they speak, it’s so softly. Steve tries not to focus on it and instead looks over the two figures standing at the tree line.
They stop talking once Bruce activates the machine and Clint disappears in front of them. Only a couple of seconds later, he returns, looking bewildered and surprised. He’s on his knees, only held back by Natasha who is standing next to him.
“Eat, daddy,” she says before she puts her fingers back in her mouth. Steve smiles at her, and then he eats the potato she handed him.
“Want me to come along?” he hears behind him. Steve turns to see Sam standing there, his hands in his pockets and a smirk on his face. He looks ever so eager to help, confident that he can do it. And Steve’s sure that he can, too.
“Alright, that’s enough of that,” Tony interrupts him. With his arms still crossed, he keeps his eyes on the technology around him. “The ship is self-correcting its course. Thing’s on autopilot.”
Yaël is standing by the ship next to another woman by the time Hilde has returned. She squints for a bit in her attempt to see who it is, and breathes out in relief when she finds it’s Dr. Cho.
“Where is he now?” Strange asks. The grey man Tony had been aiming at gets back on his feet, looking down at his hands before lifting his head.
“No, he can’t take it,” the woman says in the back, still struggling to get free from the webs Peter threw her way.
Tony chuckles bitterly. “I have two of them,” he admits. “A boy, and a little girl.”
“Think about it; Thanos can’t sense that stone inside of you. If it’s certain that he’ll come here to find the Mind stone,
“New haircut?” asks Steve with a smirk At this point, he’s even less surprised that a person he thought dead is in fact still alive.
Shit, she hasn’t agreed to a meeting point with Yaël! For all she knows, the girl can be back into the main hanger with the others! With a grunt, she starts running back in that direction. She only stops when she hears another patrol pass by. Quickly, she presses the first button she finds, the room next to her opening up. Without a sound, she runs inside. After a quick look, she realizes that her only hiding spot is…
“I lost him, Steve,” Tony says. If he had any hydration left in his body, he would have been crying. But there’s nothing there, anymore. His tears are dry, his voice cracking.
On the flowers is that first arc reactor Tony has built. The one that Pepper had made into a little statue.
Rhodey’s gaze drops as Steve’s words come out. Natasha, next to him, averts her gaze as well. The news of Tony’s disappearance hit them all massively.
This is a weird conversation. One Hilde didn’t think they would be having right now. But it’s nice change of pace, and it isn’t like Hilde tries to keep this part a secret.
“I know of two more stones,” he says, voice loud and heavy. Hilde feels Yaël shake next to her. When she averts her eyes, she finds Loki looking at them, eyes panicked, clearly telling them they need to leave. They don’t move, though. Hilde needs to get them out of here. “Gather the army, prepare for battle. Once we’re ready, we’ll head out.”
Their hands let go, Vision stopping in his tracks. Once their eyes meet again, he looks conflicted.
“What’s going on, love?” the God of Mischief asks in a frenzy. Dr. Cho is already on her feet and grabbing some sort of monitor.
He should be boycotting them on their attempt to keep him alive, but at this point he’s too tired to even do that.
Morgan is always happy to head back to her other parents. And that’s not meant in a bad way; she’s happy to return to the lakehouse after a week of her other parents, too. She’s just an optimistic kid that looks at the bright side of everything. Tony wishes he could be a little bit more than her.
“Ah, so Widow’s attempts at setting you up with someone have finally paid off?”
“What is it, Tony?” Steve asks as he looks down at Tony’s hand. Waiting for him to open it, Tony reveals a simple, silver-colored vibranium ring.
“Yes,” Steve agrees.
The light is getting too much. Tony carefully lifts up his hand to try and shield his eyes away from it. Through his fingers, he tries to catch a glimpse of whatever has come in front of their ship. Maybe it’s something that will kill them before natural causes can.
Think fast, think fast. Tony takes off his glasses and pretends to clean them as he puts the suitcase down on the chair he bumped up against. Makes it look less like he wouldn’t want to let go of it.
They get to New Jersey, back in 1970. Disguising themselves is a challenge, but they manage to find some stuff to make them less noticeable. Having arrived
faster than it should as they try to reach Scotland as quickly as they could. Next to him is Natasha, looking at him with a worried look in her eyes. She reaches out a hand and puts it on Steve’s shoulder.
“Okay, there’s only one person I ever want to hear that from, and it’s not you.” He might have said that a little bit too loud, so Tony quickly grabs his cellphone and pretends to be on a call as his back is once again facing the rest of the Avengers.
They all turn to Thor, who is sitting on a chair the furthest away from them. He’s unmoving, his eyes closed as he’s starting to snore.
Only after ten minutes do they dare jump back out of the vent. Hilde holds her hand over the Dragonfang, keeping herself prepared in case she needs it.
It’s pretty much a miracle that they get on the second quadrant in time. Before the flames can reach them, the ship seems to have separated itself already. That means that they’re going to have to jump, then. Hilde wraps an arm around Yaël’s middle, and without hesitation, she slams onto the button of the door. Immediately, they get sucked out into space, almost literally smashing against the ship before they get to float into the emptiness of space. Hilde holds on to some part of the ship, turning around to find Yaël still holding her hand. It’s clear on her face, though, that she can’t breathe at all.
Thor looks different, but Bruce had already warned us about the shorter hair. Though, where Steve would have expected an eyepatch, he finds none. Rather, his right blue eye has been replaced with a golden one.
“You know, had the situation been a tiny bit different, I would have helped people realize it’s better to move on, but…”
It’s Peter who reacts first, though – probably sensing that things will go wrong if they continue like that. “We might wanna turn. Turn!
“Listen to me, Yaël,” Loki then says, suddenly grabbing both her arms and gently shaking her. She opens her eyes in surprise, her gaze passing on Hilde and Thor shortly the moment she catches them standing there. It’s clear in her eyes that she’s got no idea what’s going on here. “Thanos is here. You remember him, right?”
“Men and women, both,” she clarifies. “Why, are you questioning yourself, too? Because if you want to figure it out, I’m flattered but I’m not exactly accepting distractions right now.”
That’s when Tony notices Steve’s familiar car approaching the house. He smiles, impressed by the perfect timing. He puts the helmet down on the railings of the deck and waits for his partner to step out, only to see that he’s not alone.
Yaël returned to New Asgard with them. Steve has met her son – who is five years old right now. Raido is nearly the spitting image of Loki, except for his darker skin.
“Can I ask you a question, though?”
“So you’re not with Thanos?” Peter asks with a quiet voice. Now Quill makes a disgusted face.
“I suppose you can thank your friend Wade for that.” Tony scratches the back of his head. Behind him, Peter can see Pepper sit down on the couch with Morgan on her lap, while Happy goes to join her. The three of them so happy that there are permanent smiles on their faces, while Pepper still has some joyful tears along with them.
“But how-?”
“We can’t leave them!” Yaël shouts towards Hilde.
They shelter away at the church they had been visiting earlier today. She helps him step forward, until he gestures that he can’t go on. Carefully, she puts him back down against the wall, her fingers passing over the wound.
Tony feels his legs shiver again. He overexerted himself. His body can’t take it anymore. Feeling his head turn, he drops his entire weight onto Steve. That’s when he loses consciousness, again.
“You heard him,” Tony says behind them. Steve smiles fondly. After that last bit, Sam seems to get back into reality as he finally takes the shield and puts his arms through the loops. Even from where he’s seated he can see that it fits him just perfectly.
“Get out of here!” Steve shouts at him. He turns back to his adversary and finds him standing back up. Using his usual fighting skills with the shield to shake him off, he notices that Vision still hasn’t moved.
“Like in Footloose, the movie?” the kid asks. Tony turns to him, giving him a pointed look that he ignores as his focus is solely on Mr. Starlord over there. The man from Missouri, who seems to get overly excited upon hearing that movie.
Tony has been learning how to cook. Over the past few years, he started on a couple of new hobbies and skills to keep his mind distracted, and cooking had been one of them.
“So, where are you at with names?” he asks, wondering if they’ve even come up with his yet.
His mother is currently pregnant… with
He hears Steve in his ear; it’s the first voice he can focus on. “
They’re up for another fight. Steve’s
Behind her, the others keep buying her time, but it’s not helping much. Rhodey’s suit gets destroyed until he can’t fly anymore. Bucky shoots bullet after bullet of his weapon, only to have a blast of power directed to him, instead.
“I’m pretty sure they didn’t, just- the story is too long. Just trust me alright? Get Vision and Wanda, bring them back to New York or take them to Wakanda. Just… secure them.”
“No, I’m his son, remember? I came in when Bruce fell through your roof?” Peter tries. Strange just looks at him, studying for a minute before understanding dawns on him.
“Right!” Thor is pulled back out of his sad thoughts as he turns back to the screen, where now an image of Jane Foster is shown, fully dressed as the current Queen of Asgard. Thor’s gaze lingers on her for a little bit. “It’s been vague, most of it. The dark Elves managed to get it out of her, but with it they… did some crazy stuff to reality. It was one of the weirdest fights in my life.”
“This is Valkyrie, do you read me?” she asks immediately after the call seems to go through.
Crap, crap, crap. “Howard,” is the first thing he blurts out. He’s close to slapping his own forehead, but he stops himself.
“You know, I never thought I’d see these guys ever again,” Peter admits when Steve pulls away. He points towards the large Space Whales, but he’s immediately distracted by the weapon now sitting on the ground next to him. “Is that Mjölnir? How did you get it? Can you hold it? Does that mean that Thor is here as well?”
“Not far.” Gamora swallows past a big lump in her throat. She guides the ship forward, heading to the troubled dot despite feeling uncomfortable with it. At this point, she’s given up her right to choose. She can’t kill Thanos out here – Nebula couldn’t, either. If she were to attempt to kill herself, she will be stopped. There’s only one way to go.
Tony is about to make a teasing comment at that, but he’s quickly interrupted by the 2012 version of the Hulk running by, smashing and breaking everything around him while he roars loudly. When they glance back at Bruce, the green man is hiding his face away behind his massive hand.
“We’re retiring after this,” he says. “It’s been enough. Leave it to the younger kids.”
, Tony’s mind tells him. He ignores the thought.
“They were there at a- I’ve a vaguely exact idea.”
Luckily, there’s still Bruce. “Okay, guys, can we quick cable this discussion right now? The fact is that we have the stone. We know where it is. Vision is out there somewhere with the Mind Stone, and we have to find him now.”
Steve nods, understanding what’s going on with Tony right now. “Okay,” he says. Tony knows he’s only trying to appease him, but he’s too enraged with everything that happened.
There isn’t much out there. It’s exactly how it’s described; A wreckage. Hilde almost literally feels the minutes tick by. There’s no use to call out for anybody since there’s no sound out here.
“Exactly.” Gamora looks back up at her from where she’s sitting. “We already faced the worst.”
Because this is what it’s about to be; a loss. Tony’s no idiot. He’s aware that he doesn’t have much longer to go. He can’t move his right arm, and if he thought he was hurting at his chest after the whole arc-reactor ordeal, he clearly never used an Infinity Gauntlet before.
Maybe this visit was good. For the both of them. Good to finally give them a chance to move on.
They watch some documentary about underwater cities when Yaël starts nodding off again. Hilde is barely aware of it, too enthralled by the old architecture shown in the reel to really notice the girl next to her.
Tony puts Morgan down after that. The girl lets out a happy giggle and runs back to her mother. Tony then clears his throat and takes a few steps in Peter’s direction.
“That didn’t work out, Tony-“ Steve starts, only to be stopped by Tony again.
“Viz?” she asks. No answer. “Is it the stone again?”
She knows that is what Thanos wants. She’s standing in front of Nebula, who’s at the verge of being pulled apart again and again, bringing her in agonizing pain, and Gamora can’t do it anymore. It’s enough.
But it’s for naught. Strange is still grabbed by Thanos after some powerful tricks. The medallion around Strange’s neck is pulled away, only to reveal that there’s nothing inside.
The man who is currently standing in a floating circle-portal, with the Sanctum on the other side. He can vaguely see Wong standing there in the background. He gives Tony and Pepper a quick wave, and Pepper waves back. Tony just nods.
Steve nods. “Deal,” he says. He brings up the helmet as well, seeing Bucky’s worried look again.
Yet Peter still hesitates; how can he be sure this is his Dad? Sure, his Spidey-sense doesn’t seem to catch anything wrong with this scene but… there’s always still the possibility that it doesn’t work, right? Peter can’t be this lucky. No way, never.
Well, as he said, a lot has happened over the past few years. Steve is in the car, wondering if he should go home yet, or if he should, maybe check up on Natasha. He’s been doing that for the past few months after she’s been hiding out in the compound, so it won’t hurt to do so again.
Tony glances down at him. “Stop looking at my future husband’s ass,” he hisses back at him, forgetting that his communicator is still on. While past-Natasha walks around with the staff in her hands and Tony keeps his eyes on it, he hears Steve in his ear.
“Stark? Was he not courting Ms. Potts?”
It’s only false hope. Tony stays quiet. What the others are attempting, it’s no use at all. He has no idea how long they’re gone. He’s mostly unconscious, while multiple drips pump his body full of fluids. He gets in and out of it. At times, Pepper and Happy wander around the territory with him in the wheelchair, but more often than not, he’s in bed, staring ahead of him and feeling his body recover despite not wanting it to.
“- could kill your friend’s life in an instant,” Skinny warns him with a grin
“Thank you,” Vision says, then. That’s when Wanda turns to look at Steve again, seeing that hard look in his face once more. For a moment, it seems like he’s trying to figure out what to say.
“What does nano-technology have to do with it?” Tony asks, confused.
Steve’s voice asks on the other side of the line. Shit, it aches to hear it, knowing that Steve is so far away.
And indeed, after a little bit, while Tony disguises himself as a swat-member, he hears Steve’s confirmation in his ear.
“Actually…” Shuri takes a step forward as she speaks. “During that fight in Wakanda, as I was copying the stone to save Vision? Right when they stormed in, I finished it. Only… with being attacked I didn’t really get to… do something with it.”
“The purple man’s name, tell me?” Tony asks after a few seconds of silence. He can remember seeing Bruce this morning; he hadn’t been so… tense. They had joked over breakfast, agreed that they would go and tinker a bit later in the afternoon.
