It occurred to me, thanks to one gentle, kind commenter, that some of you were left confused over the 'Johnlock Endgame' tag I added to the story. I'm an idiot (or perhaps, a bit more kindly - a new, slightly inexperienced writer). The tag and my plans are indeed Johnlock endgame, except that in my head it was always clear that  would take place in Part II. Obviously it wasn't as clear to you, the readers.
Eva notified him that the mountainous roads are heavily covered with snow. She suggested he stayed in Milan another night, waiting for conditions to improve. He feels absolutely nothing towards this city. He could be in any other European city for all he knew. It’s hard to tell them apart now, months into his exile.
Sherlock moves around without opening his eyes, making just enough space for him. With a sigh of relief, John sits down.
She uses the mobile's torch to navigate around the room and unlocks the small safe, grimacing at the beep of the electronic alarm—far too loud in such small quarters. She grabs the medium-sized, nondescript pouch, as well an all-black ensemble from her luggage including a pair of sturdy black boots, all pre-packed neatly in a plastic bag.
"John," Sherlock replied coldly. He knew this was coming. He'd been expecting this for weeks, and he couldn't think of anything to stop it from happening.
Why not, really? He’d warned David and done all he could. He won’t be able to develop any leads regarding Aldridge tonight, and though David isn’t his main suspect anymore, he’s still not in the clear. There are still things Sherlock needs answers about, that just don’t make sense.
“Of course.” Sherlock beams at Rosie. It’s a sincere smile - John knows when he sees one. It relaxes him a bit. “Are we off to the park then, Watson?”
For the sake of argument and my laziness, imagine there existed a printed version of Al Jazeera in 2015.
Sherlock wakes with a start, sweaty and gasping for air, gripping firmly at the smooth linens as the panic slowly fades.
When John opens his eyes, he scans Sherlock’s face hopefully, looking for a sign of reciprocation. Sherlock stares downward, unable to look into John’s eyes; he knows what’ll happen when he does.
“Oh god, Sherlock.” John whispers, more to himself than to anyone else; a lifetime of pain and agony leave his body in a split second.  “Oh god.” He says again as Sherlock moves closer, encouraged by John’s words. Sherlock’s body is long and soft and so, so warm. John’s senses are bombarded with his sounds, his smell, his heart thumping quickly against John’s.
“Exactly.” Sherlock nos, passing John a pile of documents. Not that Sherlock needs them; everything he says from that point onwards comes from the deep recesses of his brain.
. There are short, delicate curls crowning her head now. Perhaps she’s grown softer with motherhood. Perhaps she doesn’t have the time or energy to keep regular appointments with her stylist.
“About you.” Sherlock says. “You and Mary. He sensed something was wrong. He asked if you were alright.”
He stands and walks silently toward the window, leaning his head against the glass. His eyes are closed as he shakes his head in frustration against the window.
“Well. You’d know better than anybody about using my brother as a punching bag wouldn’t you, Dr. Watson?”
He wakes abruptly minutes later, his body noticing a change in terrain underneath the car’s wheels. Disorientated, he blinks in surprise and scans his surroundings.
punch him,” Sherlock says, his voice deep and warm, as they reach the flat a few hours later, breathless and red-cheeked from exertion.
“That tall lad said I could stay here if I’m willing to help him as long as the missus downstairs is away. Says no one’s using this place and I can sleep in that room upstairs.”
Sherlock finally looks at John. If John didn’t know any better he’d swear Sherlock looks… worried. Not angry. Well, not only angry.
The flat is dark and quiet by the time John’s footsteps are heard from the hall. Mrs. Hudson is by now more than half-way into her herbal soother, having been coaxed by Sherlock to call it a night. Eventually, she’d agreed to leave him to his thoughts and Google searches after a long-winded attempt on her end to get him to eat.
“Halothane.” John and Sherlock say simultaneously as they read the results, taking the information in.
John drowns himself with work. He takes double shifts at the surgery Friday and Saturday and feels no better by Sunday. He hasn’t heard from Sherlock since Thursday and has no idea where things stand between them.
“Yeah.” The assistant nods, impressed. “It’s been that way for months. To be honest, I’ll be starting a new job very soon, I figured I’m about to be fired soon anyway so what have I got to lose, you know?”
He texts Mycroft to make sure the elder Holmes will have a copy of Sherlock’s itinerary and emergency details. He then gets an idea and texts Mycroft some more.
“One really should check their own priorities if a group of radicals decides you’re far too radical for them.”
It’s a cruel punch to his stomach, physically painful, when the realization hits that Sherlock isn’t there. Mary’s sharp eyes add insult to injury as she reads him like an open book.
Sherlock’s supposed to smile, be happy that John offers his help. Instead, he’s looking down at his hands.
* Notice I wrote A violin, and not HIS violin, because I don't think Sherlock would dare to take his Strad on a hike. But that doesn't mean he's not above arranging for some props for a good photo op.
The minute John walks in the room, he’s struck with the fuzzy feeling he learned to tamp down years ago. Sherlock is, and always was, a showstopper. The suits he picks bring out the most impressive parts of his physique. Sherlock will turn 40 this year, and he looks every bit as captivating and imperious as he did the day John met him.
He looked at him with big, pleading eyes. "I can't do this with her anymore, Sherlock. It's not working." He said quietly, shaking his head.
Mycroft listens for further questions when he hears Sherlock’s voice in his ear, feeding him one of his own.
Sherlock cleared his throat. He knew he was going to regret his next words for the rest of his life.
“We needed confirmation on his identity, which you just provided us.” Edwin nods. “And to help us scare him into talking. We need you to feed Mr. Knight information only you know. Can you do that?”
“Sherlock, will you please just... Mary’s off doing fuck-knows-what in fuck-knows-where and she's my daughter too. I have just as much say in this as she does.” John sniffs angrily, his eyes darkening. “You’re my best friend, and I think you two finally deserve a proper introduction, yeah?”
Mycroft’s lips stretch into a toothy smile. “My brother is a consenting adult, Dr. Watson. Perhaps you’ll do well to remember that yourself.” He looks down at Rosie one last time, then gazes at John for a few lingering seconds before leaving.
“No, I didn’t,” he says finally. “But I wish I had, and I hope he bled slowly, and died in a lot of pain.”
The chill that ran down his spine when Sherlock spoke those words makes repeat appearances throughout the day. The thought that Sherlock knows he’s supposed to be offering something but is convinced he isn’t giving enough.
close to solving this," John argued, raising his voice then lowering it back down. "I'm not doing anything. I never have." Sherlock could hear the bitterness in the older man's voice.
He’s left wanting when Sherlock moves to remove his jacket; has to pull his hands away to prevent them from balling possessively around the man’s midsection as he steps away.
The smile on David’s face dissolves as he realizes the extent of Sherlock’s knowledge of the inner workings of his life. It takes him only a fraction of a second to recover, however.
“When the drugs started… I couldn’t believe it. My beautiful little boy, taking drugs? Wasting all that talent he was born with?” She says, choking up. “I wanted to slap him. What was I supposed to do, stand by and watch as we bury another child? I couldn’t. I wouldn’t. And I couldn’t even tell him that! Mycroft and Rudy were so adamant about Eurus.”
No coat, no suit, no shock of black curls; it’s Sherlock, right there, but he’s… different. He’s in an all black getup—black trousers, black jumper, heavy boots. He wears a thick, dark-gray scarf around his neck, covering most of his face. His hair is… ginger, or maybe reddish? And… shorter, cut very neatly into a natural wave. Though it's late in the day, he's wearing sunglasses.
Sherlock, in his vanity, never even asked what John had gone through in Afghanistan. John, in his John-ness, never disclosed anything. The brave war hero faded into the wall for the benefit of his bungling self. He’d just let Sherlock grab all the attention, all the praise, while keeping his secrets to himself.
“Greg?” John asks as he takes the phone, his eyes wide with fear as his body tries to adjust to the change in the mood.
He looks up to William’s face one last time and lets go of his fingers; with a final sigh, he turns and leaves the room, joining an awaiting Sherlock.
They stand like that for a few more minutes, talking. Then John moves to pour two glasses of wine and they go to the sitting room.
“I’ve gone back and forth between Canada and somewhere in the Nordics,” Sherlock says, crossing his legs. “Perhaps born in one place and raised in another.”
The parents were never really close to their sons and vice versa as far as he could tell. John only knew they even existed when they showed up in Baker Street after Sherlock came back. There was the Christmas at their house; that turned out to be a ruse, a way for Sherlock to get to Magnussen. He wonders still how much of the holiday cheer that year was for his and Mary’s benefit.
“Right, but I didn’t. There was a whole squad of policemen there, Sherlock, all with their weapons drawn!”
John looks at Sherlock for a long moment, scanning him from head to toe. “Where are you off to, now?”
Sherlock fiddles with an invisible piece of lint on his trousers, avoiding John’s eyes. “I could never be bored with you, John.”
“Let me know what you found. Especially if it’s anything from the attic,” Sherlock says, frowning at the glances exchanged by the two other men. “What is it?
“Good night, then,” he says, seeing that he’s not invited to join him. No further deliberation, then.
“Christ, I have to go,” John says, looking at his watch. As he sits up, accepting his fate, he looks back at Mycroft with a sigh. “What’s going on?”
“Yes, I’m full of bloody anger, Al!” David yells, his anger sparking anew. “I’m a wreck, alright? I know I am!”
He’s asleep in a matter of minutes, engulfed by Sherlock’s warm, familiar scent and the sight of the other man’s back falling and rising as he breathes in his sleep.
A myriad of possible answers goes through his mind, from blatant lies to half-truths to juvenile deflections. What’s the point though, he wonders? she can tell when he lies, anyway, and playing this game might make her think there’s any point to it whatsoever.
She disappeared after doing her evening shopping in an upscale shopping centre one evening in early November, 1971. When she failed to answer her mother’s usual nine pm phone call, a distant relative living three blocks away was sent to check on her. Said relative came up with nothing; Sofie was nowhere to be found. When the nun’s car appeared hours later, parked illegally across the street from her ground flat and devoid of its owner, her family called the police.
“I noticed the times in your notes,” John explains. “Muslims pray five times a day. The hours make sense. Could be Jewish prayers too, but they pray three times a day, so Muslim prayers make more sense.”
How will he ever tell her that her mother had shot Sherlock? That the person who would soothe her as a baby was essentially dead, twice, by the hands of her own mother?
He spends his ride to Baker Street conjuring last night’s resolve to speak to Sherlock about his father, to unpack yesterday’s hospital visit. He needs to do this, for himself if not for Sherlock.
her, yes.” Saul finally turns to look at him with a sigh, his eyes piercing. “And only adjacently—by principle.”
“Did you know that the Queen offered Knighthood again, for your role in bringing the Corporal back?” Mycroft asks.
“You’re a medical doctor, you’re a soldier. Of course I know you know these things.” She’d smiled. “But I’m here to speak to John Watson the man. To teach him how to control the fight or flight response and to prevent it from turning into a fully-fledged panic attack. That’s the best way to fight anxiety - nip it in the bud.”
As for himself, Sherlock knows there’ll be no sleep tonight. Mary might join them at his parents’ after all, despite John’s refusal to talk about it, and the reality of the plans he’s been avoiding lands on his head like an anvil.
Mycroft sighs again, loudly this time; they both know the answer to that question. A terrorist attack. A brutal, ground shaking terrorist attack on British soil.
David had spent the next few days on a drinking stupor, both at home and outside it, until Alison could no longer stand it.
Trivia: The name for this story comes from The X-Files episode Detour. It's definitely a fav of mine. It's known in my head as The One Where Scully Tries to Bed Mulder and He Doesn't Get It :eye roll:. Mulder and Scully truly are the original IIL (idiots in love).
His eyes are fixed on a heavy, expensive pen, which he spins and turns in solemn consideration. “It’s
His brain is groggy with a mixture of sleepless nights, emotional agitation and the ever-present, nagging sense that his world isn’t quite right. It hasn’t been right for ten months. It’s never right when John has to walk around the streets of London knowing Sherlock Holmes isn’t in Baker Street; when he still calls the house he lives in ‘Mary’s flat’, despite the fact that they are raising a child there together, a perfectly functioning couple.
Sherlock chuckles. “Not like that… well. The things you noticed, they’re my responses to his dares. Quiz night… that was the first dare. He said we should start with something simple. I told him I hate pubs and… and crowded places in general. I get overwhelmed by the noise, by having people so close. He sent me to try again with an open mind.”
“So there were… diagnoses?” He probes. Not that it matters, he thinks. Every diagnosis given about Sherlock after Eurus died could never really encompass everything he went through as a child.
John interrupts Sherlock again, now that a thought had suddenly occurred to him. “Is that why you told Thomas we’re not a couple in the shop? Is that something you’re working on with David too?”
He knows Sherlock has been working on improving his ability to read these signals. Has he been getting any better? Are there others succeeding where John has failed so miserably?
The conversation lingers for a while, as conversations go in rooms filled with covert operatives. Almost nothing is explicitly stated, and everything else consists of double entendres and innuendos. The true purpose of the visit finally becomes clear at last when Mr. Berenson unlocks his briefcase, handing Sherlock a thin dossier containing a top-secret,
He wants to fix this. He needs to fix this. A few hours ago he told Sherlock that it didn’t matter that Sherlock didn’t know how to do this. But right now it does, because John is so lost and so confused and he doesn’t know what to do next. They’re almost there, they’re on the precipice and suddenly John realizes he’s terrified.
The text is from Lestrade, and they’re swept away on a case before they know it. John is thankful for the semblance of normality, going along with his mechanism of denial every time he recalls the mention of a plan B.
He’s been grunting and huffing and mumbling in a bid for the other man’s attention for the better part of an hour now. Necklace lady is all but gone and forgotten, taking the promise of excitement with her. Never mind that, though. Sherlock has the wheels of a new plan to set in motion, and the sooner he starts, the better.
“We’ve had a scan done,” John says, a hesitant smile teasing the sides of his mouth. His eyes though, speak of something very different. “A girl.”
“You’ve got the wrong man,” Khoury murmurs in English, spoken with a heavy Arabic accent. Sherlock stops in his tracks. Mycroft gasps, straining his ears to listen.
“We’ll be right out!” Elin calls over the sounds of water and infuriating flute music. “I’ve kept the news about your little detour that night to myself, but I won’t do it again.”
his family; the man had said as much before and John feels the same, so it’s not a lie. Besides, he’d been doing double shifts for months, covering for everyone's weddings, holidays, and birthday weekends. Let someone else cover for him now.
The room falls deadly silent. John looks away again, sticks closer to the wall. James can’t help but look at Lestrade and Sherlock with a stumped stare.
Little did he know just how wrong he was. Because this isn’t the house Sherlock was born in, is it? He was born in Musgrave Hall and that’s where he had a few happy, careless years. He had a friend. They played pirates. He was a gentle, smart child until all control was lost over his sister, leaving him irrevocably scarred.
“I can’t say for certain, but I think it’s because he was always so… quiet. And introverted, I suppose. He lives inside his own head.” Sherlock says and John wonders if Sherlock is aware just how similar he is to his father. “Mummy thinks he must have hidden many of the symptoms by simply not speaking or complaining. It was only when she realized he was getting lost that she couldn’t ignore the severity of it anymore.”
Sherlock is nervous too. Their joint plans have worked before but as brilliant as the two of them are, they still fail to predict each and every outcome. They both miscalculated before, in the most unforgivable of ways.
John never mentioned his plans for the days after Sherlock’s recovery, but he assumed that was only because John felt it was none of Sherlock’s business. If anything, he assumed John and Mary would reunite and announce it to Sherlock after the fact.
“He made a phone call to someone instead of using the land line, someone from the army, I think.” Billy says. “They asked him to give a speech.”
“I have,” Sherlock says. “I’ve been doing the work you failed so miserably to do yourself these past few weeks.”
He can relate, though, to the dread of the void that is the sight of a half-empty bed. Things were bad between them by the time Mary died. She’d been gone for months before that. But his body remembered the sense of having someone else with him at night and the empty space chased sleep away for a long time after that.
John spreads small kisses over Sherlock’s closed eyes. Sherlock accepts them greedily, silently. His breath catches when Sherlock turns his head for a long, demanding kiss.
They’re in the sitting room in 221B. Sherlock is texting furiously, John reading the newspaper aloud and making plans for the weekend. The plans
he feels in every bone in his body whenever he leaves Sherlock behind in that bolthole; that sense of home he’d felt when he visited Baker Street a few weeks ago, even though Sherlock wasn’t there.
“Yes,” John says. “Your history. I’m not comfortable with you leaving the country, not knowing where you are, what you’re doing.”
Mycroft sighs, foregoing a response for the time being. John Watson has every right to be worried. Mycroft certainly is.
“Well, I find it very coincidental that she lived across the hall from my brother-in-law, and her body was found between the petrol station and the factory,” Dinah says. “Ernie knew that area well. There was a sort of a lovers’-lane there. He used to take his dates there.”
“I’m…” John shakes his head, dumbfounded. “What? I’m… no, I’m not. Oh god. Of course you’d think that. Is that what this is about?”
It’s Mycroft, and when Sherlock deduces the reasons for his visit, his smile vanishes and all he manages is a quiet “
“Not guilty,” Sherlock says, finally acknowledging John’s presence. “Aldridge was long dead by the time I was anywhere near High Wycombe.”
“You didn’t know he was a prostitute, did you?” Sherlock asked, suddenly intrigued. “Major, I honestly don’t--”
“That's it,” Lestrade replies, hands in pockets. “That was the only thing they found about him in the Inspectorate's archives."
“Here’s the thing,”—the woman’s eyes twinkle—“I’ve been working on Corporal Stewart for so long. Years and years this has been going on. I bought a nice cottage in Cornwall on the back of it, too.”
Three days after his evening with John, David was packed and left the house by noon. One of his army mates agreed to take him in for a night or two, ‘until you sort yourselves out, mate’.
“You are. I know you blame yourself but…” John clears his throat. “Mary and I… things were bad before she died. I felt the same as you do right now. I’m not innocent, not at all. You and I... I think we’re both rather... damaged.  But that doesn’t mean we deserve...” He trails off.
“And he meant a lot to Ernie, I reckon,” Dinah continues. “When Jamie lost his job, Ernie convinced Leonard to get him a job as a lorry driver for the factory.”
Sherlock’s entire body shrinks in frustrated discontent. John squeezes his knee yet again and he searches for Sherlock’s eyes.
Mrs. Hudson rolls her eyes quite heavily at him. “She’s not a worm, Sherlock Holmes. She's a tiny little thing who was abandoned by her mother, and she knows it.” She picks her up, trying for a cuddle. “You don’t think she misses Mary’s smell? Mary’s voice? Of course she does.”
“At some point, in some way, I was supposed to be taken out of the equation and you were supposed to move on with your life. That was the plan.”
And it’s like magic, how that voice of his controls the state of John’s heart; back and forth between steely unease and grounding comfort. He clings to the fluttering thought that maybe he’s got it all wrong. That maybe, maybe, he’s just overreacting.
Sherlock looks at him in disappointed disbelief. He fast forwards the video to David’s short speech at the podium. “He doesn’t do it here. Only when he stands still next to his wife.”
“I’m afraid… I’m being harassed by someone I believe to be employed by your organization, or so he claims,” Stewart says. “I have a reason to believe this person has had me under illegal surveillance since my return. He appears to be harbouring some… ridiculous ideas about me.”
Long story short, said sex dolls—Sherlock doesn’t judge; he only deduces—is how he’d managed, in just under ten minutes of texting, to coerce Harry to summon John to a shift. So far, so good; Harry had turned out to be useful after all.
“Because he knows EVERYTHING else.” John raises his voice, frustrated. “Have you seen him deduce? It’s like fucking science fiction. He can tell when a stranger walking down the street likes to cross-dress, but you can't tell
. John could have stepped away right then and there, but he didn’t. He can’t blame Sherlock for not feeling the same; that’s not how love works.
John watches him moving around the room, his heart beating loudly. He bites his lips anxiously. “Sherlock?”
Sherlock stares at the table, relieved he’d refused a photograph. What good will that do? Sentiment. Silly sentiment. All babies look the same anyway, he could never really tell one from the other.
David looks up at Elin hesitantly; the cool steel in her eyes, most likely a professional quality that has nothing to do with him, sends his heart into a set of nervous skips. She eyes him through the mirror and thanks the makeup girl, who gives him one final satisfied look.
Sherlock takes a deep breath, as one does before plunging involuntarily into dark, choppy waters. It's the calm before the storm, he knows, given the news he's about to deliver.
He supposes this could be a kindness; saving her from the terrible limbo of not knowing. After all, what’s the harm in what David had just done? He gave her the peace of mind she’d been seeking for years, and now she’ll be able to let her brother go.
“John,” Sherlock says coldly, slowly. “We need to get back to the bolthole, as soon as possible. I need to see where he's going next. He might be heading to a new handler, or—”
“Don’t be, you couldn’t know.” John frowns. “I assumed there were... You know. It’s not your fault.”
“He’s been having panic attacks around large groups of people,” Sherlock continues. “I wouldn’t be surprised if he had one there, too.”
“That was… something,” John says hesitantly as he enters the bolthole, taking his jacket off. The room is messy, the desk overflowing with takeout boxes and paper cups. John looks around, scans the screens quickly.
"Right—excuse me," John says, expertly extracting a mewling Rosie from her carrier, moving her to his hip instead. "Always nice to meet one of Sherlock's friends."
“I have something to take care of,” he says, looking at Sherlock meaningfully. “I’ll be back in an hour. Maybe two. Hopefully one.”
She did. It’s an email with an attachment from a clinic he’s heard of in London, and the results show that David Tidwell is indeed the father. It’s a 97.72% match, at any rate. John thinks of Mary’s nerve in setting all of this up to punish him for having texted Eurus for a couple of weeks when she already knew that he wasn’t even the father of what he’s always considered to be his own child. So: Rosie isn’t even his. That hurts, more than he’d ever thought it might.
Sherlock reaches for him and draws his mouth down to his own, and John’s kiss is as tender as his face just was. It goes on and on, the urgency gone, their arms tight around each other. After a little, they shift and John slips out of him, more of his release coming with it, but he presses his thigh up between Sherlock’s legs to keep their contact just as close. It feels like paradise, Sherlock thinks blurrily. It feels like they’re home and safe at last. That this isn’t in jeopardy anymore, that any wrong word could bring it all crashing down around him. It feels as though they’ve crossed some line and gained territory that they’ll never lose.
Rosie, from under the desk, makes a sound that sounds suspiciously like ‘holy shit’. John looks guilty. “Oops,” he says.
Sherlock leans over and kisses him without hesitation, and although there’s good deal of embarrassed relief in it as well, it barely even feels feigned, John thinks. It’s a good kiss. A very good kiss. Sherlock’s mouth is strong on his, their mouths opening right from the outset. Sherlock’s hand comes out and grasps at John’s chest, rubbing and squeezing it and John feels himself exhale through his nose, a little harder than he meant to. The kiss grows and deepens, John leaning in harder, still privately determined to at least match Corey Graham when it comes to kissing, if nothing else. He wonders jealously how Corey’s cock is, though the only one he’s personally interested in at the moment is right here beside him, sitting on his bed… He’s touching Sherlock’s chest, too, loving the way his nipple has stiffened beneath the flimsy t-shirt he’s got on. Pace it, he reminds himself sternly. This is a lesson, after all, not – whatever he’d very much prefer it to be. It’s not that, so he’s got to maintain some level of detachment. (Right.) Sherlock seems to be the one pushing it, though. His hand is on John’s thigh, his long fingers tightening.
Todd gets up to come over and shake their hands. “Always a pleasure,” he says, though Sherlock notes the lines around his eyes and thinks that he looks tired.
He adapts and goes with it. “Yeah, I’m here,” he says, turning his head back a little but not far enough to be able to see Sherlock. “I’m here. It’s okay.” He strokes Sherlock’s forearm as though stilling a spooked horse. The tremors immediately fade and John pats approvingly. “That’s it. It’s all right. It’s okay.”
“Did you suspect?” John asks, once they’re finally on their own. There’s no one sitting near them, the Sunday evening train apparently not that popular. “Is that what you weren’t saying at dinner, about Eurus not having been the only possibility?”
“You’re okay,” he tells her, the way he would when she’s hungry or crabby, though his throat is tight this time. “Thank God you’re okay, but you’re okay.” He searches her face. “You still know me, don’t you?” he asks softly, and Rosie bats at his face and makes a sound that might be agreement. He holds her to his chest, then digs out his phone to see if Mary really sent him something.
“Mrs Hudson is here,” he reminds Sherlock, keeping his voice down. “But I’ll take care of you right here, right now, if you like.” He cups Sherlock through his trousers and kisses him again, hard, and Sherlock moans softly into his mouth and pushes against his hand. John drops to his knees and gets Sherlock’s trousers open and blows him right there in the loo, Sherlock trying to stifle himself with the back of his forearm across his mouth. He scrabbles behind himself to turn on the taps at one point, running them full blast as John sucks and licks and grips him. After he comes, he ruefully shows John the bite marks he’s left in his own skin, then lifts John bodily onto the counter despite John’s surprised protests and bends over him to return the favour.
And as for him, it was always a cover for the thing he really wanted and knew he could never have. “So what does that make you, then?” he asks the child in his arms, the question both rhetorical and sad. She’s gone heavy, mostly sleeping now, so he gets carefully to his feet and effects a transfer back into the cot. Probably better that that question get left unanswered, anyway, not that he hasn’t thought it before. She never should have been born, really. That’s the sad truth of it. He loves her, but what is she? The product of a marriage based on a mountain of lies, of two people who, at the end of the day, still didn’t even know each other’s first names. She knew his but he never knew hers. All he knows it that it sure as hell wasn’t Rosamund. She never would have used that for a joint operation like that, with the kind of work they were doing. How could he have been so foolish as to have made a child with her? John shakes his head, looking down at his sleeping daughter, and feels the same guilt he always feels for thinking all of this. He loves her. That much isn’t in doubt. He’s a rotten father, but he still loves her.
“You can ask, and I can try to answer,” John offers, and peripherally Sherlock sees him glance over at him.
“I realise that,” Sherlock tells her. “And I know that you and Kate acted out of concern for her best interests. For what it’s worth, I thought you made the right decision.”
He inhales deeply and kisses Sherlock all the harder, bucking into his fist. Sherlock’s tongue and lips are every bit as firm as his hand and John hears himself make a sound of profound appreciation. And then Sherlock drops swiftly to his knees. John opens his eyes. “Wh-what are you – oh,
Sherlock nods soberly. “In a sense, it was as though I had always known. It just became… clear, then. It wasn’t a sudden revelation. More of an ‘Oh. Yes. I see.’ It was as though the fact of the matter simply made itself unavoidably apparent. As though it had always been true. But I couldn’t possibly pinpoint the precise moment when it started.” He thinks of seeing John, just beyond the police tape, doing his best to look obsequious and offhand, of his own realisation in spite of that. It may have been that very moment. Or it may have been the instant he first laid eyes on John, standing there beside Stamford in the lab at Bart’s. It’s impossible to say.
to see it, but I’m not about to rush him, even now. It feels big – mouth-wateringly big. This time it’s my hands stroking down his back, seeking, and
No. No, no, no, no. “Not now,” Sherlock cuts him off. “I shouldn’t have said most of that. That’s precisely what I was talking about. The things we just shouldn’t discuss. I shouldn’t have said anything.” He refuses to look at John or give him time to respond, shutting himself inside the bathroom as quickly as possible. He puts his pyjamas down on the back of the toilet, then runs the water at full speed, gritting his teeth in frustration, fingers raking through his hair. Will this never end?? He glares at himself in the mirror, then splashes water over his hot face and brushes his teeth for as long as humanly reasonable. He relieves himself and changes into his pyjama pants and t-shirt, then reluctantly makes himself exit the small room, as John is probably waiting for it.
Sherlock shrugs. “No idea, but it sounds unusual,” he points out. “As the woman said, it’s early in the year for kite-surfing, though a wetsuit would probably make it possible. But the sails used for that don’t particularly resemble parachutes. For one thing, they’re usually a different shape. Secondly, the man said it was white and dirty. Kite-surfing sails are generally brightly coloured and made commercially appealing. The cliffs here are much too low for recreational parachuting, as was also pointed out: hence, unusual.”
Sherlock ignores the twenty newest requests for his investigative services and closes his laptop with force. Not a one of them is worth his time. Over half were so obvious that he solved them mentally but didn’t bother sending a response. Maybe later. What’s the point, anyway? Everything is dull and pointless without John.
“Guests can use it if we’ve programmed it into their cards,” Brenda says. “But we don’t normally give them access, no. There aren’t any rooms on this level; it’s all meeting rooms down that way, and at this end it’s only storage. But this
John looks around, then shakes his head. “Let’s pack it away. Maybe next year we can bring it out again.”
Sherlock hesitates, but John comes to the rescue this time, clearly having prepared an answer to this in advance. “He’s a workaholic,” he says. “When there’s a case on, it’s like his physical needs get put on hold. He doesn’t eat or sleep, says his body is just transport.”
felt it, too, that I was the one pulling at the very fabric of our life by doing this other thing. And another thing: it was always better with you, you know.”
Sherlock agrees to this. They walk together as far as Fiftieth and Broadway, then Sherlock turns to go around via Eighth, as planned. His fingers catch John’s for a moment and he looks back over his shoulder. “Good night,” he says, the corners of his mouth quirking into a smile that makes John instantly need to kiss him again more than anything.
John has to swallow, and nods again, hard. “Okay.” He gets himself off Sherlock and pulls Sherlock to his feet. They kiss again, hands pulling at each other’s clothes. Sherlock hauls the jumper over his head and John is busy untucking Sherlock’s shirt from his trousers. They stop to kiss again, hands roaming.
John moves closer yet, his knee pushing in between Sherlock’s thighs, his arm tight around Sherlock’s back. “This okay?” he murmurs, tracing down Sherlock’s jawline and neck with his lips.
John clears his throat and tries not to just stand there, staring as Sherlock gets undressed. Instead, he busies himself with getting out his kit again and pre-cutting several lengths of gauze and medical tape. A glance shows that Sherlock is bare from the waist up a moment or two later, so he washes his hands well and dries them on a fresh towel. “Let’s have a look, then,” he says briskly, reverting to his doctor voice. Sherlock doesn’t respond, his shoulders a little tense. John tells himself not to be bothered by this and takes a look at the dressings he put on last night. “Yeah, these are a bit damp. Though I’m sure you were careful. Always best to change them frequently, anyway. The last thing we want is for the lacerations to infect.” He gets straight to work while he’s still speaking, peeling off the gauze as gently as he can. He replaces them deftly, taking a long, private look at the deeper cuts while working on others so that Sherlock hopefully won’t notice. Sherlock is silent throughout, though, so it’s hard to gauge what he’s thinking. John gets the last piece of tape in place and lets out a breath he didn’t realise he was holding. “There we go,” he says, feeling oddly nervous. (What’s that about, then?) Oh: it’s what comes next. Right. The entire subject of night. He takes a breath, then stops himself. Should he just say that he’s heading up? Rosie is already up there, sound asleep. Mrs Hudson brought her up sometime in the evening while they were watching the news. But if he says this, will Sherlock assume that he’s desperate to avoid a repetition of last night? He stops, not sure how or if he should ask his question.
“It’s not meant to be a fashion show,” John says practically. “They’re meant to keep your feet dry.”
They approach, setting down their robes and stepping out of the also-complimentary rubber thongs the hotel provided. “Didn’t want to interrupt,” John says, a bit stiff. “Not at the fashion show, then?”
John half wants to laugh and half wants to cry. He can’t remember the last time anyone so very politely
Sherlock smiles. “So do you,” he says, and it’s true. He’s never seen John in full black-tie before, and it suits him immensely.
“It’s also only the second day,” John reminds him. His eyes travel dubiously over Sherlock’s torso. “They’re supposed to be so tight you can’t breathe?”
“Are you hungry?” Sherlock asks as they sit down, arranging themselves carefully. Not too close, not too far. “I’ve no idea what time it is, in fact…”
He slumps back against the upholstery as the car pulls away and thinks of John, sitting there in the silence Sherlock left behind him, re-reading his own letter and quite probably coming to the conclusion that Sherlock is right and that whatever he was trying to accomplish is hopeless and rather too late at this point. He closes his eyes and ignores the city passing by.
His entire back looks rigid with tension. John looks at him for a long moment, then thinks that Sherlock must really like Corey, to be putting himself through this for him. His gut twists a little at the thought. “Better idea,” he says spontaneously. “You’re completely tense, and obviously, that’s not going to make this any easier for you. Why don’t I give you a bit of a massage? Just – to get you acclimated to being touched at all first.”
“Naturally, the Queen would like to thank the Corporal for his sacrifice,” Lady Smallwood says. “He deserves it.”
Rosie. Rosie in Sherlock’s arms covered in a towel after a bath. Sherlock’s other arm is wrapped around Mrs. Hudson’s shoulder.
He’d spent two years in exile, weeping by the rivers of Babylon. John in Baker Street was the promised land.
“Things have changed while he was away. His friends have moved on. His wife, still unbeknownst to him, is involved with another man,” Mycroft continues and John’s heart twists in sympathy. “We need to get more information out of him, and someone like you might get him to talk. You served in the same region, you were severely wounded and discharged. You’re his senior in rank, which might draw some respect.”
“Yeah.” John says simply and nods for a long time. “Yeah, I was. He was the first… and he knew. And he was… harsh about it.”
“That we’ll drift apart. That I'm only useful in some ways, but now that he's… different, I'm not good enough. That he'll have other people in his life and I'll lose my best friend."
Sherlock moves uncomfortably on the sofa. David nods his head repeatedly - they’ve reached the heart of the matter.
They’re still recovering from Mary’s death, the two of them. Still figuring out how their lives together look now. Will they survive another loss?
“Don’t be like that,” she says. “It’ll be good for you, being away from the baby for a while. You’ll see.”
“Mr. Holmes,” Jenkins cuts Mycroft short. “We really do need to focus on more specific questions relating to the Corporal’s memories of his period in Afghanistan. Are these questions critical right now?”
” he says, freeing himself from John's grasp. “If I were trying to destroy you, would there be anything left by now?”
Elin simply leaves the place ten minutes later; no friend ever arrives. Sherlock watches in confusion as she walks away, his eyes scanning the area one last time.
“Yeah?” John asks, his eyes widening in surprise. He just won something he never even knew he could wish for. “Yeah, I’d like that.”
Mrs. Hudson is having 221C treated for mould and she asked Sherlock to get rid of some of the stuff he’s been storing there (“Mould is a beautiful thing, Mrs. Hudson. Don’t know why you’re so adamant to get rid of it.”)
Mrs. Norbury hesitantly steps into the room, holding a notepad and a crayon. She seems utterly timorous, shaking as she approaches Khoury. When Khoury glances straight into her eyes and smiles an evil smile she drops the notepad and rushes to pick it up again.
A heartbeat passes, then another. She knows as well as he does there’s no real way out of their situation. “I’m in.”
“Hello, Dr. Watson,” Rory says, sending a cheery smile. Lestrade turns to look at John with an inscrutable smile that John really has to work hard to ignore, otherwise he’d have no choice but to punch the man.
He feels her stare, silent but loud and lasting for quite some time before she eventually gives up and returns to the stairs. He reaches for his phone once the bedroom door closes, dialling Sherlock's number.
“Just… ” John scrubs his hand over his face, barely above a whisper. He looks straight ahead, unable to stand the sight of Sherlock right now. “How could you say that, Sherlock?”
Though Sherlock's sense of social constructs is quite loose and non-judgmental, he has no patience for babbling millennials.
, he wants to tell John. There's a cruel, ugly truth lying at the bottom of David’s ocean of lies, and he’s determined to get to the bottom of it.
“Sholto’s still at the hotel, being questioned. Not very cooperative, it seems he's been knocked out for more than 24 hours. I asked if they can hold him a bit longer for us.” Lestrade reports. “The body is on its way to the mortuary as we speak.”
“I told you,” the woman says sweetly. “Just a secretary, but a rather industrious one. I’ve asked you here to advise you to keep off, dear, and mind your own business.”
In nine years of purgatory he’d found himself teetering on the edge between life and death so many times, crying out for deliverance. The only image that ever flashed in front of his eyes, as though seared onto his corneas, was the first time she smiled at him on the day they met. That was the day his soul—an orphan's soul, a nomad's—found a safe haven.
A short-sleeved, grey hoodie and a black pair of denims. His hair is ginger and short—the curls almost gone, his eyebrows match the colour of his hair.
Broken and wounded, Sherlock finally raises his eyes to John’s. And John… John reads him like an open book, understanding the painful truth behind Sherlock’s rejection.
A tall, imposing fence spans the dark, derelict road as she drives along it. Nighttime is deceiving, concealing the restless huddles of people who have already lost everything, willing to risk their lives in one last attempt to gain new ones.
Mary carefully studied paint samples around the house as he stood nailed to the floor, fearing he was trapped inside a re-run of The Truman Show. He should have fled right then and there.
If John ever decides to speak another word to him, it’ll be because he chose to do it, on his own terms, not because he was cleverly talked into it in a session of hushed pillow talk.
John’s brain stops in its tracks when something Mycroft had said stands out to him. He runs to catch up with the man, grabbing his arm to stop him.
Mrs. Poole slumps again. She sighs, a heavy, long sigh; on the heels of it comes a smile too, one born out of anti-climax. She looks at Mrs. Hudson for support. “I guess I’ll be off, then.”
Mr. Holmes’ condition hadn’t changed since the day he was hospitalized. He’s sedated to prevent any pain and medicated to prevent brain swelling. He's intubated and put on a respirator. The doctors have been doing daily sedation breaks but he hasn’t regained consciousness so far.
Sherlock was, and always will be, stunning in his perfect suits. John will never get enough of those. But this casual Sherlock, with black jumpers and red hair, taking away the stern image he tries to send to the world with his suits and his coat, is a bit more than John can take right now.
They retire to the large sitting room bearing nightcaps. Rosie steals everyone’s attention and her silly, careless smiles finally ease the tension in the room. John plays with her as he listens to the others discuss arrangements. There aren’t many to make, John realizes suddenly. Since William asked that his body be donated to science, there won’t be a funeral. The university will cremate his body and supply the family with the ashes. A memorial will be held after that, at an unknown time in the future.
“Hi. Yeah. I’m so sorry, I won’t be able to make it.” He says, speaking loudly due background noises on James’ side of the call. It sounds like James is already in a restaurant, or maybe a pub. “Something came up.  A… family emergency, I’m afraid.”
John nods. “For shooting you. For lying about it. For lying about who she really is.” John hesitates over a thought that crosses his mind. “She said she understood that it might take me awhile. I’m not perfect. I have things to figure out myself but..”
“Who knows what might happen if the Egyptians send them back to Gaza without you,” Sherlock continues. “Someone might notice you’re not with them. One person in particular. Abu Nazir. Who, as you and I both know, is an extremely…
John would know. It took him years to brave the prickly magnetic field that surrounds Sherlock. Each time John had managed it, it had meant so much to him; a small victory in the never-ending war with Sherlock’s defences.
John’s heart flutters when Sherlock speaks about John and details their work together. He notices that Sherlock sticks mostly to his pre-prepared answers and holds back on scathing comments. Sherlock even smiles once in a while.
“But that’s my point, you see. They bludgeoned the man I used to be out of my body there on the floor in Afghanistan,” David whispers. “If she’d seen me lying on the floor there, she would have been disgusted. She would never want anything to do with me again. I’ve nothing left to give her.”
“He looks at you like a lovesick puppy in every single photo.” John smiles apologetically. “I thought that was my job.”
too clean for his taste, he realizes with a frown as he runs a finger along the kitchen table, recognizing Mrs. Hudson’s handiwork. There’s food and supplies, too. Not his brother's doing, as there aren't any signs of his petty microaggressions, manifesting as providing everything Sherlock needs but slightly wrong: his brand of tea, but mint-flavored; Jaffa Cakes instead of hobnobs; artificial sweetener instead of sugar.
John has to bite his lip in order to keep the words from leaving his mouth. He has so much to say, but he knows Sherlock well enough to know he won't be getting any answers. The silence between them is deafening, the weight of their own unspoken words heavy in the dark room.
He stops in his step, moves Rosie closer to him instinctively; the sensation still there. He looks this way and that again until his eyes land on a tall, hooded figure, sitting on a bench at the top of a small hill right above them. It’s a man, sitting motionless, with a hint of a ginger beard and his hands in the hoodie’s pockets. His eyes are hidden behind dark sunglasses.
“Did you know about it?” he asks as he watches Sherlock buzzing around the dark room, passing notes to and from the evidence wall.
“Boys, help him.” Mrs. Hudson commands them with a half-whisper that never fails to get them to do exactly as she says. Both Sherlock and John march quickly across the room. Sherlock picks one toolbox (
“John, I can’t and I won’t criticize David’s methods. He sees Sherlock every week and hears his innermost thoughts.” She crosses her legs. “It’s not uncommon for people close to those in a therapeutic process to feel like collateral. Mostly it’s a good sign. It means something’s changing.”
Sherlock’s phone pings, tearing the man’s attention away from John for a short minute. He does, however, nod back to John, signalling that he was heard.
mastermind. Do you know what happened to his second in command who disappeared when Abu Nazir had to leave Afghanistan?”
“Well, when can I see him?” John says, his back straight in relief. “You said they should be landing any minute? I’ll call Mary, I’ll tell her—”
While this story was betad, English isn’t my first language and I sometimes make edits post-beta. You shouldn’t find any glaring mistakes in this story but if you do I hope that doesn’t prevent you from reading on and enjoying it.
Sherlock turns to face him, his eyes sharp. “Can you assume that about someone who’d spent the last nine years living with Sulman Abu Nazir?”
“Alright. Then we’ll talk to her. We’ll establish some sort of agreement. She can go, we’ll promise that we’ll keep her secrets safe..”
That’s true, it could. He knows that, but he also knows that David is smart—smarter than most. David would have calculated the risk, just like Sherlock did; the only witnesses to everything he’d told them were Sherlock and John, and if Sherlock tried to use it against him it would turn into a classic case of one’s word against another’s.
He clicks the email open with a mixture of hope and carelessness—could be a misguided thank you letter (
David stands, swaying and unstable, and heads towards the head of the table. He looks like he’s ready to leave.
“John?” Mary’s voice reaches him, causing his hairs to rise. He turns to find her standing by the car, next to the driver; one of Mycroft’s more reliable minions. Her big red coat covers her round belly, safekeeping the child—his child, his
He sits in a chair right on the other side of the kitchen table, staring, waiting to catch Sherlock’s attention. Sherlock ignores him but John Watson is the father of a two-year-old. He’s brave in the face of petulance.
John nods. “Since that didn’t happen, I was planning on having a conversation with her about that without Mycroft. I was just being realistic and hoped she would take what would have been a pretty good deal. But then Sherlock texted and…”
They let the words settle over them like a heavy blanket. They’re both silent for a long time after that.  John nearly gives up the fight to sleep again when he suddenly hears Sherlock’s soft voice.
He looks around, finding her perched against the sofa right by his feet. She babbles to herself, grasping the edge of the sofa with one chubby hand.
John thinks when he hears Sherlock talk about having an open relationship with an American called Michael. “Apparently it’s a thing and he went on and on about it for about 40 minutes one day. I had to kiss just to shut him up about it.”
“I prefer carrots over sticks, myself,” Mrs Norbury says. “Keep out, and I’ll give you something quite valuable in return.”
And the proof? It’s in the pudding. Because here Sherlock sits, two days later, with not a single sign of life from the man.
“Once I hand this over, they’ll have to do their due diligence,” John says. “And I doubt they’d hire the son of a killer pedo.”
“They were becoming aware of Abu Nazir’s presence in the Gaza strip.” Mycroft says. “It was unexpected, to say the least. He had all of Afghanistan to hide in; it didn’t make sense for him to move. Gaza is far smaller, restrictive, and most certainly poses him under the very watchful eye of nearly every entity in the region: The Israelis, the Egyptians, Hamas, the Jordanians. The list goes on forever.”
He shakes his head in frustration and locks eyes with her. She’s just as sharp as her son and she reads him like an open book.
John can just imagine every available satellite in Earth’s orbit turning and zooming in on an unsuspecting Search and Rescue expert in Peru.
“Do you want me to go?” John asks, hiding his relief when Sherlock doesn’t answer. “I’m staying, then.”
“You—” John chokes on the word, pointing a finger in accusation. “You’re going to let this go, Sherlock, or else—”
Sherlock frowns at the paper again. He was expecting… more. Much more. Mycroft did not mention that documents about John’s father were difficult to obtain, and there was certainly no lack of information about him in any other system. Perhaps Lestrade is right, and the answers lie in a dusty storage basement in Chelmsford.
“No, I mean.. Greg. That’s... Impossible. I only just talked to him, he was fine.” The words slip before he has a chance to contemplate the consequences. Two sets of detective’s eyes narrow and focus squarely on him. He can feel the oxygen leave the room at once.
Sherlock climbs the stairs to 221B slowly. He usually skips them two at a time. His steps are heavy now.
He’s deep in conversation with two other dads while cleaning Rosie’s hands of the mess she's been making. She pokes him on his thigh once, twice. “Daddy,” she says, but John is mid-sentence so he continues.
He spends the evening being largely ignored by a violin-playing Sherlock. Rosie and John are curled together on the sofa watching a YouTube video.
Sherlock nods hesitantly at the man in the car. His back straightens automatically as he sticks his hands in his pockets.
How different the haunted house he once shared with Mary now seems. It's like seeing your childhood school and realizing it’s not as big, not as intimidating as you once thought it.
When she doesn’t respond Sherlock turns and puts Rosie back in her high chair. John watches with a heavy heart as he leaves the kitchen without a word, only to return fully dressed, his coat flowing behind him.
John and Smithy walk silently together, not exchanging a word. The November night is freezing cold, and John is somewhat relieved knowing the man at least has a warm place to sleep tonight—albeit his old room at Baker Street, offered up unceremoniously to a relative stranger by Sherlock.
) and has to break the bad news to Lestrade that his third date with the blonde defence attorney will never actually happen. By then it’s half past ten, and Lestrade is nodding off in his chair.
“There are two people in this friendship, and I deserve to be a part of its… retooling.” John sighs. “I know you have your things to solve with yourself, but I wish both you and David recognized that I have a say in
“Right then,” he says awkwardly and turns to make his way down the hall as directed. Taking a left as instructed, he reaches the garden—a well-manicured, sprawling thing, bordering on a small grove but separated from it by a tall brick wall. Privacy, it seems, is the name of the game here. So much so that he realizes very quickly that there’s no one there.
You can’t tell your child these things, can you? Not when they’re 18, not when they’re 50. Truth of that magnitude can shake someone’s entire existence. But how do you live an honest life with the people you love without hiding some terrible things? He can’t, in that sense, judge Sherlock’s parents. He’s aching to, but the truth is that in a few years he’ll make the same choices they did. As a parent, you do whatever you can to protect your child. Sometimes that means lying.
“I hated it. Can’t blame Eurus for that one, I suppose.” Sherlock looks at John with a shy smile, and they chuckle.
“I couldn’t allow the Corporal to go to the press with his… complaint. Not when these two were conducting an illegal operation,” Edwin says. “As far as the Corporal knows, Peter Knight was reprimanded and fired. He’s no longer a part of Her Majesty’s Secret Service, nor is his brother, who was sent on an unpaid leave of absence.”
“Saul, please. I’m afraid that’s impossible,” the man says. “Where she’s embedded right now, we’re reserving communication for emergencies only.”
John waits impatiently for the two week mark before he actually resorts to anything that isn’t just calling or texting. In fact, he gives it another extra day—waiting a full fifteen days, just in case.
David walks in wearing a large black hoodie. He stalls near the door quietly, hesitantly, his eyes searching the front desk.
John is a guest and he's there to understand what Sherlock's going through. Soon, he'll learn some very critical things.
I hope you enjoyed this, despite the sad, open-ended conclusion. There's a lot of sadness, hurt and betrayal in the Mary-John-Sherlock triangle, much more than the show could handle in my opinion. Canon reaches a level of heartache that very few people and relationships can bounce back from in real life.
No wonder Sherlock isn’t attached to this place, he thinks. No wonder the man feels comfortable in mental and physical seclusion. This is how he was raised; in a bereaved household, under the pretension of normalcy that a small English village promises. But there is nothing normal about this family, in the most tragic of ways.
“Oh, thank you dear.” Mrs. Holmes says as Mycroft lays a cup of tea next to her. John has to blink at the gesture; Mycroft just did something for another human being.
“Yes, I’m a father, but I’m not dead. I—” He clears his throat. “I’m still your partner. It’s… it’s my job to help you when you’re in trouble.”
He’d let his hair grow longer, at first because he’s a father of a baby who couldn’t care less about the way he looks, and kept it because… well, it looks nice. Liz told him he looks ‘
“Walk away, Alexander. Slowly and safely.” Lestrade whispers to the headpiece. “Your part is done, it’s time to leave.”
“The Israelis fulfilled their part in this deal, they won’t send their own soldiers into Gaza for us.”
“You never mind anything Sherlock does,” she says. “You never have. And he's done some terrible things to you, John.”
, he thinks, his stomach filled with warmth. He would have found it impossible to spend the next few days away from Sherlock under these circumstances.
Sherlock stands up abruptly and walks to the coat rack, wearing his Belstaff and scarf. John’s eyes follow him as he shuts the door silently behind him and leaves the flat.
“Oh.” Mrs. Holmes says in surprise as she steps on the porch, Rosie on her hip. She takes their huddled arrangement in and looks between the two of them, clearly deducing.
“Yes. I admit I haven’t been myself lately. I suppose I didn’t realize how bad things had become.” James says.
“Looked plenty heavy to me,” she says kindly, and he can’t help but smile at the goodwill. “It’s the wedding jitters, if you ask me,” she stage-whispers, winking. “You’ll be as good as new in no time.”
of an old colleague, can he? Asking him about that might confirm or deny John's worst fears, and he isn't sure which option scares him more.
“Was he?” Lady Smallwood moves closer and looks at the notepad Khoury was given the previous day, the crayon sitting next to it.
“And you aren’t very close, as it is. You aren’t familiar with his routines, you haven’t lived with them for years. The only person who could have been expected to notice anything is your mother, but she’s not a doctor. It’s understandable she didn’t see things for what they were.”
“Do you have any requests for Sherlock? Anything you’d like him to do differently so you don’t feel left behind?”
He himself hadn’t slept a wink last night. That should go a long way to explain his broody thoughts.
He frowns as an image materializes right in front of his eyes; ashy-blonde curls, a pair of ocean-blue eyes, scrunched brows, all piled on a small blob of a thing that Sherlock can’t really imagine but already faintly knows he’ll be unable to deny anything.
“Hi.” He says stupidly and clears his throat. He turns to his side to show Rosie around. “Rosie, look who’s here.”
When John walks into the bolthole an hour later, he finds Sherlock pacing like a caged lion, anxious to hear John’s report on his conversation with Aldridge.
David eyes glitter as he shakes his hand out of Sherlock’s grip, his nostrils flaring. “I’m not worried about him.”
She’s a client. He knows she is. When the woman follows another woman’s finger pointing up at 221, Sherlock’s back straightens immediately, sending jets of adrenaline through his convalescing body.
“He kept talking about the baby. Insisted that she loves me. That she made an error in judgment, that he can understand her.”
“It’s so good to hear your voice again,” John says. He’s being consciously, shamelessly soppy. He has David’s official permission to do so. “I’m happy we’re doing this.”
“We’re… not going to need it,” John says with a hesitant half-smile, shrugging into his jacket. “You could write a new one while I’m gone.”
"Of course. Of course, I am. But.. listen, Sherlock." John lifted his eyes up to meet Sherlock's. Sherlock knew that tone. He'd heard it so many times before. It was never as kind and gentle, true, but he recognizes it for what it is, nonetheless.
John returns to Baker Street at dawn, blackout drunk.Sherlock exhales loudly, his heart in his throat when he parses out the sounds of John’s attempts at conquering the stairs to the flat. Yes, the limp is worse, much worse. And what’s more, John isn’t better. He’s just as furious as he was when he left the flat hours earlier.
“All of.. This? For what, money? Because... you couldn't be bothered to tell me the truth? You were supposed to be...” James says and his lips quiver.
The Café is bustling. Sherlock is sitting with his back partly turned to the window, ramrod straight against a comfortable looking chair. There’s an untouched cup of tea in front of him. On the other side of the small table sits a woman John doesn’t recognize. She seems to be doing most of the talking. Sherlock responds with short and courteous movements. He’s immersed in the conversation and doesn’t notice the toddler calling out his name.
In his drunken stupor John seems to forgo the additional trudge to his room, landing on the sofa instead.
Later at dinner, his stomach turns a little. Something in those photos caught his eyes and he just caught on to it.
“Some in uni. You know, med school pressure. But no one since… no one since James. That was... Off-putting. For a long time.”
Instead, he rides around London following another man's car, hoping to catch a glimpse of Sherlock's face in case he’s in trouble.
, I believe you’re the best person for this case. Would you be willing to continue working on this case, unofficially?”
“Who’s the teacher, John?” Sherlock says imperiously. He gathers John into his arms, taking over the leading position.
“She does, I know she does. And I… I think she knows about Jonathan, and I don’t know what to do anymore, Peter.” Sherlock stares at the floor. "I miss Gaza,” David continues to fill the silence, blurting out the words as though he doesn’t believe them himself. “I miss the safe house. Is that crazy?”
“You’re Sherlock Holmes, aren’t you?” Alexander asks. He turns to look at John. “And you must be John.”
Sherlock is sitting at the kitchen table reviewing case files. The DI is standing close, putting a hand on the back of Sherlock’s chair. They’re talking comfortably, pointing and nodding. It’s all very above-board.
“You know I don’t… meddle in that. I’m their superior officer. But there have been jabs, jokes about Peter.”
John can’t help but stare at the framed photo for a long time after that. He pulls his phone and takes a photo of it, staring at it fondly as they say goodbye to the sales clerk.
They’re in a huge car park located less than a minute from The Sawyer, the hotel Alexander had been staying since leaving James’ house. It’s dark and John has to narrow his eyes to read Alexander’s facial expression.
“Right,” Lestrade says with a chuckle. “Well, this isn’t so much about the reporter, but her family. They own a flat in a fancy tower block down at Ruislip Gardens.”
John turns to look at Sherlock, trying to find his footing. Sherlock turns to look at the body instead.
after I began writing this story. Bodyguard's David would have been a wonderful David in Turned, but they're not the same character (and Wiggnis is there, too!). I have, however, borrowed from the show in this chapter.
What good is sacrificing yourself for another person’s happiness, when that person chooses to be miserable? What was the purpose of killing a man for Mary’s sake, for John’s, if John just ends up throwing his marriage away?
“No, I know. You don’t like babies. And kids.” John sends him a sour smile, all the joy in him suddenly dissipating. “And people in general, right?”
“Shhh, here,” she says calmly, taking the tea away and grabbing the edges of his shirt, pulling it up. “Take this off.”
“I…” He begins without really knowing how to continue. “That depends, I think. There was sex… and that was, you know. I took whatever came. And there was… love. You know. And after James I never tried again. With men, that is. Women seem less threatening in that sense. Like the risk isn’t that big, you know?”
“It’s Lestrade.” Sherlock says and takes the call; he listens intently and glances at John from time to time.
He takes the steps slowly, not turning the light on as he enters. The windows are closed, which makes the silence in the flat even more noticeable against the sound of his own pulse in his ears. He settles in the sitting room, grabbing a chair from the table near the window. He places it squarely in front of the door to the sitting room, his gun in his hand.
John clears the boxes, cleaning up quickly. He goes to join Rosie in his chair and they watch Sherlock in companionable silence.
The next chapter will be a short epilogue of sorts, adding a final piece to the puzzle before we move on to 'Part II : You, Me and the Next War'. Part II will pick up days after the events of this chapter.
John stops at the chippy for a portion of his own as he approaches him, his growling stomach demanding sustenance and distracted by the aroma of vinegar and frying oil. But also, mostly, he buys it so he can have something to occupy him through what he expects to be a short and awkward conversation.
“I’ve been treating James Sholto for nearly a year and a half. I’m the first professional he reached out to since his accident in Afghanistan. I also helped Alex and James agree on a few things they were unsure about prior to their marriage; their marriage agreement and such. I can’t go into further details than that, I’m sure you understand.”
“You’ve been dispensing James’ medicine.” Sherlock says, staring at a big cabinet at the back of the room. There’s an electronic padlock on it - it looks very sophisticated.
“Turns out I can use the gym at HQ for free,” he says, curling his bicep in demonstration. "I'm gonna get my gains back."
Sherlock’s finger worries over the ridge of the skull. He tosses a careless wave. “She’ll be there,” he lies.
“You’ve been to Austria bef--” John stops in his tracks when he catches a guilty glimpse in Sherlock’s eyes. “Oh.”
John’s eyes narrow and his lips tighten, a signal that he doesn’t find the answer satisfying. Sherlock knows that look far too well.
“There were two of them originally. One of them disappeared, presumably killed, somewhere along the way. It’s still early days to tell for sure. We haven’t been able to get much out of Corporal Stewart yet, although he did confirm the other soldier’s death.”
John looks at his watch, relieved. “Yeah, alright. I think we should be leaving by now anyway, Sherlock.”
Sherlock turns his head, teary eyes staring deeply into John’s questioning ones. He looks hesitant before he speaks, then seems to make a decision.
“It was… off-putting. For a long time.” He bites his lips as he considers his next words. “Mary knew, I think.”
He’s not entirely sure who he’s speaking for; David or himself. Both, he supposes. Sherlock’s normally proud form slumps; he lowers his eyes wordlessly.
David goes on instead. “That’s not necessarily what Sherlock and I have been talking about, frankly. What we've been talking about is figuring out creating connections of all kinds. It’s up to Sherlock to decide what kinds and to what extent, and to tell me when he feels he’s had enough.”
John suddenly hates Thomas, because what Thomas is doing is shamelessly testing the waters. Waters John would rather not be disturbed right now, when they’re all looking at the same mirror and his facial expressions are completely exposed.
John never mentions their conversation from the other night after all. Sherlock adamantly ignores Mary’s looming presence hovering over them.
Twenty minutes later find him staring at his own reflection at the store loos, ashen and hyperventilating. He’d left Mary at the cash register, bile rising up in his stomach.
He takes the stairs down to the sitting room, calling for Sherlock. When he turns the corner to the kitchen, he’s surprised to find Sherlock with a guest.
“This seems like the sort of research you might want to do, in case the mole you spoke of is indeed among our ranks,” Mycroft says, and Sherlock nods. “I’ll leave this with you, then.”
He steps out of the car without a word, exhausted and conflicted. When he walks into his house Rosie is there, shrieking with joy at the sight of him. He smiles at her but the rest of the evening is a blur. It’s only when he’s lying in his bed, trying to fall asleep, that he allows his thoughts to run freely.
“...Sherlock?” He asks weakly.  “Shit.” He hears John muttering to himself, tearing his body away. “Shit. I’m sorry, Sherlock, I thought that maybe...”
His mind reacted before his body did. He was still heading to John's room before he noticed the minuscule changes to the flat.
Less than thirty minutes after leaving, she's back in her room—thirty-five hundred dollars richer, and no dead bodies to speak of.
“You don't have to.” David eyes her for a moment. “It's not your fault, none of it is. That's what I'm trying to tell you. I don't want everything to fall apart.”
“I’m Corporal Stewart’s publicist,” Elin says, stepping inside with a few short, confident strides. Wearing high heels and a perfectly pressed suit, she sends a tight smile across the room, and the gesture sends everyone back to their tasks. They’re already running late setting up the photoshoot, so nobody pays her anything more than a courteous nod.
His most striking feature, though, is a thick, salt-and-pepper beard; Sherlock wonders whether this is the unfortunate result of the man’s total disregard for his looks, or simply a useful tool in his profession as he trudges through modern cities inundated with CCTV cameras.
“I shouldn’t be asking you this.” He says and lifts his eyes expectantly, hoping that she understands what he’s trying to ask. “Did he ever..”
“Dinner, perhaps. With Alison, too,” she says. “So I can hand deliver the video camera myself. How about Monday evening?”
Rosie’s getting big and rather feisty. Nappy changes now involve a lot of manoeuvring to get her to stop moving around.
John is now, officially, half-crying and half-laughing. “Of course he kissed you, Sherlock. Of course he did. How could anyone not? You’re Sherlock-Fucking-Holmes.”
It’s no luck, though, or lack thereof. Despite having known Sherlock for so long now, John still hasn’t figured out that coincidences are very rare indeed.
She pockets the electronic card and memorizes the number, then turns the shredder on and shoves the paper between the machine's eager blades.
). They kiss, and kiss, until last note hovers in the air, whittling out with a flourished finality that has no place in this moment, in this place.
“That’s… very difficult to hear, John.” David clears his throat. “I’m sorry you went through all of that. Let me try it another way: what do you think of as not losing Sherlock? What does your normal life look like?”
He shakes his head, his entire body shaking. Alison moves her hand softly across his back, kissing his right shoulder tentatively.
“Welcome back, Mr. Knight, come in,” the young intelligence officer says as she opens the door to the Command and Operations bunker.
“Because I heard about the arrest.” Alexander frowns and looks between John and Lestrade as if trying to see if he’s being the weird one.
John's face turned steely. He was itching for a fight, just waiting for a chance to blow up. "I think I deserve an explanation."
No, it wasn’t her words that bothered him. It was that other woman who’d briefly shown up in their bed that night. That other persona, the result of a tired Mary’s slip up. He’d only seen her once before, in Baker Street, confessing her lies while Sherlock was slowly losing consciousness. That woman was a ruthless assassin who’d just discovered that being a mother is boring. That it’s hard. That it’s
“But apart from that, his parents may as well have disowned him. They threw him out of the family home. He lived with us for a while, but we were starting a family and eventually, he moved out. He found the smallest bedsit up on Maryhill Road. It was utterly miserable compared to the house he grew up in. He could barely afford it, but he had nowhere else to go.”
John swallows when the reality of the situation hits him. He knows what the doctor is doing; this is a very roundabout way to encourage the family to accept that William really is on his deathbed. It’s doctor speech and John does that himself sometimes without even noticing. It’s still somewhat jarring to be on the receiving end of it.
John's hands left Sherlock's body as if Sherlock had burnt him. He looked shocked and beaten, shaking his head in disbelief. His dangerous, misleading smile made an appearance. Sherlock braced himself for another fight, but John backed away as if looking at a lion approaching him from afar.
John is unexpectedly hit with the force of the payback for all the many, many times he had insisted he and Sherlock weren’t a couple. Loudly.
In the car Sherlock is still and rigid. His hands are clasped tightly between his knees and he stares out the window wordlessly. They ride in complete silence. The first words to leave John’s mouth are uttered at the hospital when they reach the ITU reception desk.
"Are you tracking the whereabouts of every Watson out there?" he murmurs as Sherlock sits down quietly. Sherlock's staring at his phone, texting, seemingly unperturbed.
John looks around the dark, empty car park, the quiet backstreet around them. It’s not a very central location, and he’s not sure it’s fair to leave David stumbling around as he makes his way home.
, he remembers thinking back then. Where Sherlock took his first steps, ran around as a toddler. This is the place that shaped him and turned him into the person John knows.
“Yes, it is,” Edwin says, challenging the doubt. “As is the sacrifice the Corporal has made for this country. If I’m able to provide him one small step on a path to healing, I’m going to do just that.”
The combination of oily, carbohydrate-rich fast food and a lovely video of Rosie pulling herself up by grabbing the sofa and smiling proudly at John’s camera does the trick. Sherlock, just like John, is sated, warm and comfortable, and if he could swap the unremarkable bolthole with the sitting room in 221b, John might actually believe they’d gone back in time to the good old days.
Sherlock frowns at the document, staring at the amount of money John will be required to invest so he can own his share of the practice—money Sherlock is sure he doesn't have. But then, there's also…
“You should also know that he refused the presence of a lawyer, can’t for the life of me understand why.”
He’s too busy to look at the envelope hours later, until his last patient for the day runs late. Finally giving into his curiosity, he unceremoniously tears it open. He finds inside a memory stick, a burner phone and a colourful brochure for a veteran’s support group. There’s a sticky note attached to the brochure; on it, a date and time written on it in Sherlock’s distinctive handwriting.
“Have you ever thought your feelings towards Alexander were reason enough for him to become troubled, to be less cooperative in therapy?” John asks.
“Can I say anything to make you rethink this, Sherlock?” John asks. “Maybe wait a little bit, leave a bit later?”
His hands sticky with sweat and anger on the steering wheel, John doesn’t move despite the urgency of the text.
“Sherlock’s good deed has not gone unnoticed by my colleagues,” Mycroft says. “They’d like to thank him. I’ve arranged a meeting.”
Christ, Sherlock, John thinks. “Why didn’t you just tell me, Sherlock?” John blurts, unsure where to begin. “Wow. I’d have been more…”
Alexander yelps in fear and ducks his head down as he steps backwards, though he’s still unable to look away. John hears his quiet sobs in his own headpiece.
“Or – Lisa Lyons,” John says, staring at one of the account statements. He looks at Mycroft. “Do you actually know what her real name was?”
Sherlock smiles into my face and swoops in to kiss me. “There’s, that’s got the lady upset,” he reports after. “She’s coming over here. Let’s go!”
There’s a question period at the end, most of which is people enthusiastically agreeing and asking leading questions that make Sally drone on even longer. But then Kelly puts up her hand. When she’s called on, one of the facilitators hurries over with a wireless microphone. “Hello,” she says. “I was just wondering – what about all the people who consider themselves gay or bisexual or something, who would definitely say they didn’t consider it a choice? I’ve definitely heard people say that the only choice was in living a lie or choosing to be honest about what they really are.”
Outside on the pavement, the stars are out. It’s nearly eleven and there aren’t many people bustling around. John steps very close to Sherlock and puts his arms around his neck and shoulders, so Sherlock lets himself be drawn in close and puts his own arms around John’s middle. “You’re mine for life,” John says, searching Sherlock’s eyes as though he can hardly believe it. “That’s the only thing I could have asked for, Sherlock. The only thing I’ve really wanted since the day we first met.”
Sherlock shakes his head. “Because he always knew the best way to get to me. You heard him say it: he wanted to ‘burn the heart out of me’. He knew that was you.” John’s eyes are incredibly intense, locked to his. Sherlock clears his throat. “He went two steps further this time: he targeted you, Mrs Hudson, and Lestrade. The three people closest to me. In that order. He had snipers on all of you. The deal was that they had to see me jump, or else the three of you would die. And only Moriarty could call them off. He shot himself just to prevent that, and I was left with no option.”
John searches Sherlock’s eyes and wants to tell him that he doesn’t need to thank him for this. But maybe he does, and maybe John should stop telling him what to think or say or feel or any of the rest of it. “Thank
Mycroft appears at the top of the stairs and takes them in where they’re seated, nearly as far apart as possible. His brow knits a little, but he refrains from commenting on it. “I’ve got a case for you,” he announces.
Brad grins. “Don’t give us the juicy details, then. Suit yourselves. Only you’ve got the glow, you know what I mean?”
I mirror him, shaking my own head. “I think we can both guess how well that would’ve gone over. I’m sorry, Sherlock. It’s my fault that it took us so long to get here.”
John scowls a little. “Why would you assume that? He isn’t normally here.” He sees Mycroft about to quibble with this and decides he hasn’t got the patience for it and cuts in just as Mycroft opens his mouth to respond to this, his wide forehead already condensing into frown lines. “But yes, he is at this precise moment. You might as well come in.”
Lestrade appears with two fresh beers just at the right moment and takes their empty bottles away. He comes back and sits down on the armchair opposite, talking over the case, and neither of them moves except to sip now and then. “The steaks are almost ready,” Lestrade says. “Donovan’s even got garlic bread on the go.”
Sherlock accepts this. “Very fair points,” he says. “Changing the atmosphere significantly would be useful. Agreed.”
irritates John. He reads the four texts aloud, swiping to unlock the screen. There are a few short exchanges above, but nothing salacious, mostly just Corey inquiring and Sherlock responding briefly with things like,
Sherlock’s hands are moving over his back, his fingers gentle, the urgency gone, though his chest is still heaving, his breath hot and fast in John’s hair. “That was…”
They’d asked him what to do with Mary’s things, and he’d told them flatly to get rid of it all. “Donate it somewhere. Throw it away. I don’t care.” It was a quick, painless process, and he left the flat behind without a flicker of a regret for any of the time he spent there. He’d glanced into the bedroom to make sure he hadn’t left anything of his own behind and thought for three nanoseconds about lying in bed with Mary, a solid metre of space between them. He never slept well on the left side of the bed but she’d insisted on switching so that she could be closer to the door to go to Rosie. Nothing else had occurred in that bed since before she’d shot Sherlock, to be honest. Since the days when he still slept on the right side. After Christmas she’d been enormously pregnant and had never expressed any interest and he hadn’t tried to instigate it, either, and then there was Rosie and the rest of it after. And he hadn’t wanted to, either. Not with Mary, at least.
John lifts his face and Sherlock opens his eyes. John feels so much that he can’t quite seem to speak. All he can do is gaze into Sherlock’s eyes, trying to communicate it with his eyes. He lowers his mouth to Sherlock’s and kisses him for a long, slow, incredibly good moment. “I wish we’d got here a lot faster,” he says wistfully, after.
She finishes up with Diane and locks her notebook away, then goes downstairs to find Sherlock. He’s lucky that the vicar isn’t in today; the little church is often rented out for meetings and small conferences, as well. She finds him sitting in one of the pews, head bowed on his arms, his back heaving as he sobs without restraint. Troubled, she goes into the pew ahead of his and sits down a few feet away. “What’s going on?” she asks.
A loud knock on the door and a jingling of keys startles them both and they break apart. “Dr Watson? Mr Holmes?”
Sherlock lets himself relax a little more, too. Somehow it doesn’t feel that odd, being naked this close to John. “We can order a bottle with dinner,” he says.
He waits for Sherlock to turn back, blinking wide-eyed up at the ceiling. “Was it the same as before?” he asks.
In the end, it’s easy. Once Mycroft’s people got into the bank accounts and emails, the proofs were all quite clear: Steven Larson hired Joe Biggs to build and deploy a bomb intended to blow up at two o’clock in the afternoon, or roughly about when the parade was expected to pass Union Square. The burn phone which was rigged as the detonator is traced to Larson through his credit card purchases, and is found in his hotel room shortly before lunch. Pamela Blake, meanwhile, stirred up both threats and support in a wide range of online groups and websites. The emails also establish, to John’s grim satisfaction, a major tie to Roy Turner, whom Larson approached for funding, and who contributed via a payment directly to the shell corporation. Gary, Karen, and the pseudo-science workshop leader all contributed, too. To John’s disappointment, Sally Jordan was not involved, seemingly just an outside contractor. Over half the leadership of the National Defence of Traditional Marriage Coalition are directly implicated, however, and Mycroft is confident that this will shut them down entirely.
“We should talk a lot more about your marriage,” Ella says. She stands, so John follows suit. “Tomorrow, then.”
Vee braces herself even further, her free hand gripping the edge of the kitchen table. “What is it?”
The knock comes at ten past the hour. Perhaps they’ve been ‘lenient’ given the lateness of the dance. “Come in,” John says, taking care to sound groggy.
More coaching. Alarm bells jangle faintly in the back of John’s mind. “Erm, okay – look, just, er, just calm down,” he says. “What happened? Take your coat off,” he adds.
He goes into the kitchen to make the call, aware that Sherlock can hear him perfectly well from there. He keeps his voice low but as normal-sounding as he can. He explains that Sherlock is going to be taking a bit of time away from crime scenes to recover from his injuries, but that they’ll be back in a little while, just a few weeks. He makes it all sound very matter-of-fact, not giving it more weight than it needs, but also not going into any detail. Lestrade asks a question or two, but accepts it all with equanimity. He asks if Sherlock is all right and John hesitates a little. “Yeah, I think so,” he says, careful not to look at Sherlock as he says it. “It – it will be fine.” He doesn’t say
“Always,” Sherlock says, and leans forward to run his lips down the length of John’s shaft. He lets go in favour of cupping the warm sac of flesh just below, kissing John’s penis reverently. It’s standing at a one hundred and ten degree angle now, thick and flushed. He lifts his head and slips his tongue beneath the foreskin and John groans. Sherlock is pleased. He’s thought about this in his most private of fantasies, imagined what he would like to do. John has a phenomenal penis, a solid eight inches and a bit, and thick, too. The head is a pleasing shape and Sherlock decides on the spot that it’s completely perfect. “You have a beautiful penis,” he says, and puts his mouth around it, relishing the feeling of the head against the roof of his mouth and his tongue.
On the table, his phone pings with a text alert. It’s Sherlock. He can already feel it. He’s already moving toward the phone as though automatically programmed to respond to Sherlock, and isn’t that the truth? The text is short:
John’s eyes are on the thumb drive, too. “When do we leave?” he asks, his voice still oddly uninflected.
John makes a sound of acknowledgement. His hands are on Sherlock, turning him over, Sherlock trying to keep his long legs from kicking him, and then without warning, John’s face is right there, pushed into the cleft of his arse, and he starts licking at Sherlock’s hole. Sherlock’s breath comes out in a choked gasp as he lowers his forehead to his forearms, face down with his arse in the air as John’s tongue pushes into him. He can’t help the sounds he’s making now; they’ve known since the first time John did this that he’s extremely susceptible to being rimmed and tonight it somehow feels even better than usual. He’s pushing back against John’s face, unable to stop himself from it, his penis leaving wet smears against his lower abdomen. John grasps it and starts to rub and Sherlock’s moans grow deeper throatier still, unable to move now, pinioned between the pleasure of John’s fist rubbing his erection and John’s tongue moving rhythmically into him. It feels so good he can barely breathe, and yet he still wants more, needs the sensation of John entering him, filling him.
Margaret swivels her chair around to reach for something on her desk. “I forgot about this,” she says, and passes a card over – to Sherlock, not John.
That night, they’re in bed following the mountain of Vietnamese rice wraps they consumed with after their pint with Lestrade, bulging with grilled pork, lettuce, fresh mint, and dunked in peanut sauce. They walked home after, the walk far enough that John wasn’t grotesquely full by the time they got home. They had a cup of mint tea to wash everything down, watched the news, then John started yawning and Sherlock suggested bed.
“Sure?” John asks, but Sherlock waves him off, so he goes to scoop up his daughter. “Come on, then, you,” he says. “Let’s get you changed and into bed, shall we?”
It’s good. It’s a marked improvement over the past two days. Eventually they get their tea drunk, watching the news with their arms around each other, fingers linked on Sherlock’s thigh, and when it’s time to go to bed, John takes a deep breath and makes himself be the one to say it, so that Sherlock isn’t left in the position of asking him for the third night in a row. The breath seems to stick in his lungs. “Would it – be all right if I stay downstairs tonight?” The words come out jerky, all attempts at sounding casual failing horribly, but at least he got it out.
“What time is it?” John asks, his voice croaky. He could just look, but it’s something to say. “Have I overslept?”
Sherlock frowns in turn. “I did wonder at that,” he allows. “Your jealousy, I mean. Clearly you interpreted my behaviour toward her as flirtatious, though I wasn’t wholly certain as to why.”
Molly hiccoughs and does as he tells her, looking down into her lap the entire while. John asks a question or two, but doesn’t sound particularly angry, not even when he learns that she and Mary were sleeping together. His only question about that is whether or not it carried on after he went back to Mary, and doesn’t flinch when she confesses that it had, her voice very small. She doesn’t, for reasons she isn’t even certain of, tell him that Mary is still alive, nor does she tell him about Rosie’s true parentage. She senses that John is fidgeting to be finished with this, and she is correct: when he thinks she’s told him all she has to say, he gets up.
