. She would, though. She already had once, hadn’t she? He couldn’t remember the circumstances, but he knew. Unless, those were false memories, if one could characterise those incoherent scraps as memories.
Some women were too young for his liking, and, since most of the nobility and royalty married early, the percentage of the ‘too young’ women was high. One of them was fourteen! There was no way John would’ve even considered her as a potential wife. In fact, later, he was going to have a word about it with the Queen and find out how much she was involved here and what she had been thinking.
‘Why?’ one of his unwanted companions asked curiously, as they kept following him, walking when he walked and flying when he flew low above the ground to be able to keep making his observations.
Some human-swans found it amusing to watch their bad-tempered, ‘crowned’ neighbour venting his rage like that.
‘John, I know you’re not at all enthusiastic about becoming King, but even you should admit that it’s time for you to settle down’, she started after a long pause. He opened his mouth to say something, but she interrupted him before he’d had a chance to: ‘No objections, young man. You boys only want to fight wars far away from home and fool about when you’re back, only to find another reason to go back to fighting or travelling. You’ve been helping me with our royal duties a lot, since you were a boy, but you’re forty-three now and I’m still a Regent. I’ve waited long enough, wanted you to have your adventures and everything you like so much. But the kingdom needs its King… and a new Queen. I’m surprised we’ve managed to keep things together for so long without a monarch, whose rule would never be questioned by anyone’.
People were superstitious; there were all sorts of rumours he could hear being discussed among the servants. But he didn’t believe in anything paranormal. There were different ways of watching someone: for example, via other people, who were your eyes and ears, or by using special devices, or by disguising yourself so well that people failed to notice you. Sherlock was paying attention to everything around him to find out what was wrong, but there was nothing helpful so far, no evidence that someone was watching him at all. He knew it was there, nonetheless. He didn’t believe in any ‘sixth sense’ either, especially given the fact that people had much more than five senses, and all of them were real; such as the sense of balance, the ability to feel low and high temperatures, the sensitivity to pain and so on (he couldn’t remember where he had learned those things). It was science, something you could prove; but, no, people chose to believe in some ridiculous concepts. There must have been some clue he had registered subconsciously that made him aware of being under someone’s observation. He felt uneasy and his own inability to solve the mystery was getting on his nerves.
Sherlock followed her with Redbeard following close on his heels.
‘Mary’, John called the blond woman, encouraging her to come closer. She looked uncertain and surprised, approaching him, nonetheless.
, however, wasn’t, by any means, small. John deserved better. And, even if Sherlock resorted to that course of action, as his last hope, the triumph of freedom would’ve been short-living if John started hating him, sooner or later, because he would’ve been stuck with him, trapped with a manipulator, after giving up everything for him.
By midnight, he was at the ruins of the old chapel, not sure what exactly he was doing there. Any road that had led to it, or any sort of infrastructure the place had once had, were long devoured by nature. Sherlock had been here before, of course, but he’d never bothered to examine the place thoroughly, more interested in another building not far away, which was slightly bigger and had probably been a part of someone’s house. There had likely been some extensions to it once, but those had been made of wood and, therefore, had long been destroyed by time. Back when Sherlock had been examining it, he hadn’t found anything interesting or worth his attention neither there, nor in the chapel. What was he supposed to find now?
There were times Sherlock was angry that his suicide had been interrupted. It had been a good, short adventure with his friend, true, but, afterwards, there had been nothing, yet again. He used to deceive himself by thinking that John, the adrenaline junkie, depended on him because of what Sherlock could offer him, and John would never leave due to that fact. But, in reality, it was
‘All right’, the man agreed. Sherlock went slightly farther into the chapel, looking over his shoulder now and then, to be absolutely certain he wasn’t in any danger, despite his earlier deductions. At the same time, it wasn’t easy to stay alert, because there was something about the man that made Sherlock feel safe after their short talk alone. He stopped at the hearth that he’d made years back and had been using since then. Normally, everything he needed for making fire was prepared beforehand, and tonight wasn’t an exception. It was a habit he’d gradually developed throughout the years, and it was something he and Archie took care of most nights, shortly before their transformation back into swans.
Just as he was about to turn to leave, he was jumped by something huge and dark. The attack of a hound was like a bolt from the blue. Panicked, Sherlock managed to dodge at first, ignoring the horrified screams from the other swans, who yelled for him to watch out (wasn’t it a bit too late for that?). He could see the commotion among them and some flew towards him. In a state of dread, he couldn’t pay much attention to it. He just needed to get out. But, as soon as he managed to take off, even though he didn’t have enough room for a proper take-off run, the beast jumped after him and grabbed his wing mid-air, dragging him down back on the ground. He started screaming, hearing the bones of his wing breaking by the massive jaws, but he was so scared and shocked that he couldn’t immediately feel the pain. It was only moments later when all he knew was a searing agony. So, this was how he was going to die… Ironically, this was one of the ways he had considered when he had contemplated suicide. But in that case, he would’ve been in control and determined to lose his life. He didn’t want to die like this. He didn’t want to die now. If he believed in fate, he would’ve thought it was mocking him…
‘I thought you’d never visit again’, he replied just as softly.
The real story starts in the next chapter. :)
He decided to follow their example and start building a fire inside the chapel, instead of using up those precious few candles he still had. Building a fire would not only give him more light, but more warmth as well. Eventually, he would’ve had to start doing it anyway, because there’d be no more candles left. He brought some stones from the entrance and placed them in a circular shape close enough to the altar to feel the benefits in the form of light and warmth, but not too close to risk damaging anything he owned. He collected some brushwood in the forest, as well as things to be used as tinder, such as old, dry bark, fir tree twigs and other things that were likely to catch sparks quickly. He hated that he had to waste his precious time as a human on anything like that, as well as on building and maintaining fire, but he had no choice. Of course, he could start bringing some light material into the chapel as a swan, not unlike real swans built their nests, but there wouldn’t be much anyway, he would’ve pretty much had to bring every twig separately and that light material would be devoured by the fire very fast. Jeanne-Victoire sometimes helped him with that, and, while she didn’t do it often, it was still better than nothing.
He stopped in the forest, feeling a little claustrophobic even here. He didn’t want to start having another panic attack, so he was trying to control his breathing as best as he could. Somebody approached him from behind, making him flinch. It was Moriarty.
Through the multi-layered veil of haze and nothingness, he imagined hearing John’s voice. From an old, lingering memory, perhaps. His John… No, not his. Never his.
‘You little git!’ the sorcerer gasped incredulously, but then chuckled with disbelief, shaking his bitten hand. He was amused now. Archie hissed at him, not unlike real swans protecting their nests did. Sherlock hadn’t even known a cygnet as young as this could hiss so threateningly. Moriarty wasn’t impressed, though, and was barely even noticing Archie; his attention was back on Sherlock. While Moriarty both ignored the boy and, obviously, found his demeanour adorable, anything like that from any of his older swans would’ve led to dire consequences, as they were all aware. Years earlier, there had been a new adult swan (a very recently abducted Dutch woman), who had been desperate to escape, assuming that Moriarty in his human form wasn’t really dangerous, not to mention, swans were naturally big and strong. She’d attacked him. But he was a sorcerer, so things weren’t that simple. The next day, after the flock’s awakening, the unsuccessful attacker had been gone, and not even Sherlock had managed to find any traces of her, as if she had never existed. Even the light sleepers hadn’t woken up to anything suspicious. Next time Moriarty had visited, he told them they could no longer worry about her, his smile mysterious and ominous, sending shivers down all the feathered backs. He couldn’t have cared less about her attack he would’ve easily dealt with, in any case, but he’d chosen to make an example out of her. After that, no one had even contemplated anything of that sort.
to tell stories about it when they were back at home, singing praises to the Prince; but he wasn’t a flatterer, nor was he a lickspittle. He just genuinely respected John for his abilities and friendship, and always had a lot to tell about their adventures.
As their whole family was at their huge dining table in the hall on the ground floor, Sherlock was quick to catch up with the situation. They lived in a castle. His and his brother’s parents were a duke and a duchess, and Mycroft was their heir, who had already taken most of their responsibilities, which was making them proud and happy. Everything made sense and felt natural, except for one thing: Mycroft seemed almost as old as their parents were, which was something Sherlock could not explain. He was a boy, but his brother seemed way too old. But, for some reason, he was used to it. It was another thing that he was going to have to investigate later. For now, he was enjoying the dinner, even though he didn’t eat much, dismissing servants that kept wordlessly offering him this dish or that after serving the same way to the older members of the family.
Once there was a lit candle in a candleholder placed on the altar, Sherlock continued the examination of the contents of the chest. Among little things one might need for the violin, in another box there was an impressive block of rosin, spare strings for the instrument and hanks of horsehair for the bow. Under this one there was yet another, much bigger, box that contained a lot of tools, such as various types of tweezers, spoons, instruments for making measurements, as well as a pair of balance scales with a set of masses, and many other tools that could be used for experiments, as well as scissors, knives of different sizes and a sharpening stone for them. The box also contained an impressive set of glassware and other equipment for chemical experiments of, at least, small to moderate complexity. In addition, there was a leather pouch with various lenses inside and an elegant sandglass. Another box contained a few other practical things a person might need at some point or another, including quills, a bigger sandglass, a bottle of ink and a stack of paper with each piece having a watermark that indicated what paper mill had produced it. There was one small box in the massive chest Sherlock had almost missed. He fished it out and opened it, just to find a heavy silver locket, a bit too large for wearing (though some wealthy men and women did wear massive jewellery around their necks). When he opened it, he nearly cried out upon seeing the portraits of his parents on the halves of it. The sentimental token made him close his eyes and do his best to control his breathing, whilst trying to swallow down the lump in his throat. When he opened his eyes, he let himself study the images of Mummy and Father. They were older than they had been before Sherlock’s abduction, probably not as old as they were now, but, he believed, the pictures had been painted about six years back. He couldn’t tell for sure (not enough data), but they seemed in good health, apart from the lines on their faces that told him a story of sadness and grief of parents that had lost their child, rather than a story of happy, untroubled ageing. Sherlock let the tears escape his eyes. It was overwhelming. He used one of the boxes to sit down, as his back was getting tired already, and just watched the paintings of the two people he missed terribly and who missed him. Maybe it was really for the best for them to think he was long dead to move on. He hoped they were well.
Of course, this is also about Sherlock and John, so all the events are going to be written accordingly. I wouldn’t want to write them seriously out of character.
, had clouded Sherlock’s judgement and he had allowed himself to hope; stupidly. Again, John had his kingdom to rule, his line to become successful, his duties, his friends and people he saw as family; their hopes to fulfil. It mattered to John. Sherlock couldn’t use him for his own advantage. He wanted to, but he couldn’t. He didn’t want to see John eventually regretting it. Even if he never regretted saving Sherlock’s life (again, he was too honourable to regret something like that), he’d still think about everything he’d lost, possibly believing he’d made the right choice, but also hating being put into a situation where he couldn’t refuse and there was no compromise. He would’ve hated being trapped and caged like that for the rest of his days.
When the drug (heroin) had finally been cooked up and administered, Sherlock was shaking in both anguish and relief.
After that, the atmosphere itself became more relaxed. John started talking about some world events Sherlock had missed. But he was much more interested in hearing about John’s adventures abroad. At some point, Archie had joined them to listen as well after he’d come back with a bundle of thick sticks and twigs to add into the fire, even though they still had a small supply left. They almost had enough for the next night. Seeing that Sherlock felt more relaxed in the presence of John, the boy seemed more at ease now as well. He seemed quite interested in learning more about John’s killings during his military campaigns, but still wasn’t comfortable enough to voice his demands for that kind of stories from this new person. Sherlock shook off the renewed feeling of déjà vu and focussed on John instead.
Making sure he wasn't followed by his concerned friends or guards, he made it to the stables. Stable boys weren’t there at such a late hour, so John had to tack up his favourite dapple-grey mare without any help. Not that it was in any way new or unusual. He couldn’t remember ever doing it so quickly, though. He also hadn’t forgotten to take his crossbow and a quiver full of bolts with him. As soon as he was done, he mounted the horse and urged her on, as fast as she could go. All he could think of was that Sherlock was in grave danger and John could lose him forever.
Tentatively, he opened the door to the corridor and was immediately ‘attacked’ by a red-coated dog, who was jumping with joy before starting to lick his hands and wag its tail happily.
‘Your son?’ the blond enquired good-heartedly.
Prince John was happy to dismount his dapple-grey horse and stretch his muscles after a long ride. He rubbed the mare’s muzzle and passed her reins to a young, freckly servant, who had hurried to meet the Prince, as soon as he’d seen him. The youth bowed and led the horse away, instructed to show her to the farrier immediately, before feeding her and letting her rest. John’s belongings were yet to arrive, together with a few servants and guards he had left behind some time earlier. John was too impatient to see his friends again, as well as the regent Queen (who was his stepmother, even though he had no problem calling her Mother or, more often, Your Majesty with softness and smile in his voice that always made her smile in return), so he’d got ahead of everyone.
It was so much easier than the things with the real life John.
‘I worry’.
Sherlock wasn’t far away from the chapel and he was close to his nightly transformation when he decided not to waste time and find a sample of moss for his experiment. It was highly unlikely he’d be able to carefully pick it and bring it to the chapel in his swan form, but he was about to change into a human, so he could wait. And, while he was waiting, he could find something that looked like something he could use. His search brought him close to the barrier, and he kept it in his mind, the trauma still rather fresh after getting between one of the hounds’ jaws about three years back, which hadn’t been a good addition to his initial phobia of the creatures.
Feeling absolutely broken, he spent long hours in the forest, roaming aimlessly or stopping and lying down, never caring about the possibility of being attacked by a very few predators that resided in the forest. The hounds couldn’t enter this particular territory. His mind felt overfilled with thoughts, and only a few of them were coherent, due to his still dazed state. After all of the years of having secret, tentative hopes, he hadn’t really been allowing himself to have, in the first place, all of them were finally shattered…
John managed to get to the camp safely, even though it had taken a bit longer to find than he’d expected, which could be partially blamed on his thoughts, constantly wandering back to all the incredible things that had happened to him in the course of the last few hours. Luckily, he’d still managed to keep himself out of danger, his hands never let go of the crossbow.
‘I’ve doomed him…’ John murmured.
If you’re not very familiar with the ballet or want to refresh your memory, I recommend you to see this particular filmed version:
‘We’ve been wondering if you have changed as well,’ the blond man with a goatee said with a soft French accent and all too familiar voice.
Some were rather optimistic and tried to cheer everyone else up, insisting that they should all be grateful for the chance to be humans again. Sherlock just snarled at them and distanced himself from the flock, as he always did. Sometime later, they all turned back into swans and Sherlock very nearly rejoiced, seeing how the delusive and delusional optimistic moods had almost immediately quietened down.
Sherlock hated to leave his safe place, but he needed to find out where he was and what was wrong with him. He was also very thirsty and, judging by the faint noise he could hear, there was a body of water somewhere nearby. Eventually, he took a hold of himself and crawled out from under the tree. Why couldn’t he move normally?.. Nothing made sense, apart from the fact that it was already a midday.
6. In this story Greg is just 'Lestrade', and I think you know why. ;)
After a lavish dinner, John was guided to the chambers, prepared for him, personally. He knew the Queen had decided to give him some time and space, so he hadn’t yet learnt the reason why they were here. He did have his suspicions and wasn’t particularly happy about them, so he hadn’t insisted on discussing anything on the day of his arrival. Despite the mild feeling of uneasiness, John was quick to fall asleep. As a soldier, he was used to sleeping pretty much anywhere, whether the conditions were comfortable and royal or not even remotely such.
‘I could just invite him to the castle and talk to him in person’, John suggested when Sherlock shared some of his thoughts with him.
Sherlock didn’t want to end up losing his mind, too. He knew he probably had nothing to live for, and, of course, he
No, they weren’t held captive for some sort of ransom, which he, at first, had hoped for (his family would’ve undoubtedly paid to get him back and this nightmare would’ve been over), they were just a private collection of a sick man with magical powers. And, somehow, Sherlock knew that, for some reason, he was the main item of said collection.
The attacker was some sort of a huge, possibly rabid, dog, a wolf, or some other canine; a demonic-looking one. John had no time to think about it, as he was being attacked. His hands were perfectly steady when he shot the next bolt straight between the beast’s eyes. It made a short, abrupt squealing howl and collapsed onto the ground, never reaching John. Its massive paws were jerking in convulsions for a few moments, but then it stopped moving and breathing altogether. John released the breath he hadn’t known he’d been holding. He reloaded his crossbow, in case something else would decide to attack him, and focussed his attention on the escaping swan. Not wanting to lose sight of it, he followed, seeing the glittery crown in the dark and taking notice in which direction the bird was moving. However, in a few seconds, he heard more beasts behind his back, probably attracted by all the noise, and they sounded like they were going absolutely insane. John was about to run, planning to turn and shoot in the process, but he stopped in his tracks when he realised that the beasts couldn’t follow him, for some reason. It looked like they were in front of something invisible, furiously pawing at it and at the earth near it. Judging by the number of pairs of the glowing eyes, there were four of them. John whistled to himself, his eyes wide and disbelieving. Good God, what was this place?!
His Mind Palace Watson, his beloved Victorian era companion, was there for him more often than not, always choosing him over his wife, once the drugs kicked in enough for that world to become Sherlock’s reality. And, if John wasn’t there, it was enough for Sherlock to send someone with a message, for him to arrive within a couple of hours or even sooner than that. At first, Sherlock was moderately content, sometimes even happy and elated, but then, a couple of times, he suddenly broke down and started crying in front of Watson. How embarrassing… It must have had something to do with his choice of drugs in the real world. He wasn’t sure what exactly it was. Watson was worried; he took Sherlock’s hands in his, looked him in the eye and started asking what was wrong. The detective never answered: he tried, he opened his mouth, but nothing came out, and John just stayed there with him. His close proximity and warmth meant the world to Sherlock. It was so cold without his friend, and he wasn’t sure where it was coming from.
. He was so tired of lying to John. Fortunately, his friend never asked. He didn’t like to discuss anything like that on the phone. Sherlock didn’t know what he was going to do about all of this, once John was back. But, more likely than not, the doctor would be too close to becoming a father by then (Sherlock knew Mary’s due date and it made him nauseous), so there was a chance they wouldn’t see each other for a while, even after John’s return from Lancashire. Would he start replacing his urine samples and keep lying, or he’d break down, as soon as he saw his friend again, before admitting everything(?) at once?
* * *
‘No’. Another soft croon.
And then, the familiar footsteps made Sherlock move towards the entrance, his legs moving on their own accord.
And, yes, I included Jeanette, John's ex girlfriend, and Margaret, Mrs Hudson's friend from the past, who cried about the end of an era, because Mrs Hudson was getting married, which, according to her, destroyed their friendship.
It didn’t take long for him to locate where the body of water was, as it was rather close by, even though he still had trouble focussing his eyes because of dizziness; everything looked a bit different, too. As he approached it, he tried to touch it with a hand and maybe draw some cool water into his hands to wash his face with it. Perhaps, it would help his consciousness to fully return. Except… He had no hands and no arms. His breath hitched at the frightening discovery. There was something else, instead of his arms. Some ugly, useless… wings? It was then when he finally managed to focus his eyes enough to look into the crystal clear water of the lake. His reflection made him emit terrified, unnatural, unfamiliar noises. He had to check again by looking down at his body, just to confirm that he was no longer a human. He was a cygnet, grey and miserable.
(See the end of the chapter for
to have his shoulder scarred. Was it some sort of unconscious deduction again?
The music soon became loud and clear, because he was playing it on the violin. No, not the violin… It sounded different, – strange and unfamiliar. It had five strings, rather than the familiar four, it was bigger… A vielle! His deduction was confirmed, as soon as he was able to open his eyes. He frowned, not really enjoying the sound of the instrument for the piece he was currently performing. And how on Earth was he possibly able to play a vielle? He felt extremely disoriented, but his hands kept moving on their own accord, despite the small flaws, caused by the aforementioned confusion, rather than the lack of skill he had trouble believing he had.
And, of course, Pierre and Francesca chose this moment to enter the chapel with some others who, nonetheless, were staying outside, but were loud enough to be heard, as they were waiting for their two friends to be done here so they could go to their building together, as per usual. Both flock members froze, looking rather stunned by the discovery of a stranger in their lands, and in Sherlock’s domain no less. While they didn’t come to the chapel every day, unless they really needed something, tonight they’d absolutely had to, to make things even more awkward; Sherlock sighed to himself. John stood up and greeted the two of them politely, which was returned, despite the awkwardness. He didn’t voice his surprise at seeing two more people, well-groomed and dressed so nicely in the middle of nowhere.
John hadn’t quite expected this many people to arrive. He’d seen some of these people before, for the most part, during some political meetings. He knew that most of them had arrived two days earlier, but he had only seen a few of them in person. In addition, some of them had stopped at one of the duke’s castles nearby. The Bavarian duke was only happy to help with the accommodations of the guests of such importance. There were royals and those who accompanied them from Hungary, Russia, Spain, Naples and Poland (it had taken forever to greet each one of the foreign delegations). But there were also noblewomen from a larger number of countries. While they weren’t royalty, they were held in high regard and had every chance to be chosen. Theoretically, John could choose one of them. And, while it was preferable if he chose a princess, it wasn’t obligatory, and not many would wrinkle their noses if he decided to marry someone slightly less ‘important’ than a princess. Marrying someone from a ducal family, for example, was perfectly acceptable. There was no pressure from Queen Martha here. And, if any of their advisers had anything to say about it, they had already been shut up by her.
Becoming increasingly concerned, Watson was always there for him, believing that his friend was ailing. He barely ever went home to his wife now. When Sherlock started shivering, Watson often covered his lap and feet with a warm chequered afghan, put more wood into the fireplace and asked Mrs Hudson to bring some hot tea or prepared it himself, if she wasn’t available. The good doctor checked his pupils and pulse, touched his forehead to make sure he was, indeed, just cold and not running a fever. The contact always made Sherlock feel a little better and definitely warmer. John kept asking what was wrong and whether it had something to do with his ‘other’ life, because Watson just knew it did, but Sherlock didn’t know how to answer. What was wrong? Everything was. How could he even begin explaining?
‘Keep us secret. Keep this place secret. Don’t tell anyone. You’ll want to share this experience or try to involve someone, thinking they’d be able to help somehow. Don’t do that. If there was a way for us to escape, Mycroft or somebody else would’ve already discovered it. If you involve other people, even those you trust, rumours will spread. Crowds of people will start coming here to gawk. There can always be someone with bad intentions, or someone who’d find a way to make a profit out of us. I don’t want to become a spectacle. I don’t want any intruders. I don’t want to lose what little I have…’ Sherlock knew he had to stop, realising that both his words and his breathing were becoming too fast with anxiety.
‘You don’t tell him. Sherlock?’ Mary said softly, pronouncing his name almost as if she was singing a lullaby, and he could see her shaking her head repeatedly, however, he was no longer sure he wasn’t imagining it. His consciousness was slipping away, but the agony was still chocking him, not really becoming any duller. He knew he was dying now. There was no point in denying it. This was his end. But he didn’t want to die alone. He needed John more than he’d ever needed him before. Just one last time. Please.
‘It doesn’t matter to me. And, yes, I do’, he promised quietly.
Soon after starting to visit, John started bringing various things with him every night. Sometimes he brought books for Sherlock or, quite often, some sweets for Archie, who happily gorged himself on them. One day he brought a new stack of paper, as Sherlock had run out of the supply he'd used to make notes about his experiments, briefly and in small letters, barely leaving any clear space on them to make the supply last as long as possible, even though he kept most of his observations in his head anyway. The Prince brought some other useful things, as well as things Sherlock specifically requested if John had access to them. On his own accord, he brought two ornate, wooden stools to use for sitting, as a replacement for those uncomfortable stones. He even managed to bring a medium-sized barrel of ale for the flock one night. They were ecstatic.
to choose and, preferably, fall in love with one of these women, as soon as possible; as if he was a boy who believed in such nonsense. He sighed to himself and kept watching, hoping that his lack of interest wasn’t glaringly obvious.
‘Are you a king?’
‘They fought about something’, he replied and continued to follow the trail. ‘One of them was angry, which is evident from the trails left by her brusque movements. She was determined to go somewhere, while the other one was so desperate to stop her that she grabbed the feathers on her back with her bill and accidentally tore them out. She kept walking, and, at times, flying, rather poorly, I must say.., in this direction with her sister close on her heels, still desperate to talk her out of it. It is safe to say that Beatrice is the instigator’.
Moriarty was looking him over, admiring his work and looking incredibly pleased with himself. Sherlock felt small. He was quiet and meek now, only wanting to curl up and ignore everything around him. He couldn’t relax yet, but the pain wasn’t that bad now that the wing was set and immobilised, resting in its natural position and feeling lighter, due to the shortly trimmed flight feathers.
turned into a swan.
Upon becoming aware again, Sherlock realised that he had, in fact, managed to find a hiding place and it was under the roots of a giant tree, which was slightly tilted, creating an empty space under its roots on one side. Everything seemed gigantic. Of course, it would’ve been too foolish to think he’d managed to get away from Moriarty. The man had simply left him alone, in all probability, at least for now. Sherlock hadn’t yet figured out why. His head hurt and everything was still rather blurry. He looked around, nonetheless. It seemed now that it weren’t the things that surrounded him that were bigger than before, it was
As soon as she was given permission, Jeanne-Victoire was quick to make a couple of besoms made of twigs, and sweep both the altar and the floor around it, as clean as she could. She also swept as much of small stones, leaves, parts of the dead plants and insects away from that remote part of the chapel as possible. Of course, the necessity would arise again soon, considering the fact that the place was partly open to the elements, but it was better than nothing. Sherlock did take part in the cleaning, it was just… he wasn’t that good at it. But his guest didn’t seem to mind. At least, she was quiet the whole time. During the cleaning, Sherlock allowed himself to inspect the chapel once more and concluded that the walls and the roof would neither collapse any time soon, nor would his belongings suffer from rain and other natural forces that could ruin them (which didn’t mean he’d ever leave anything outside the chest that, on itself, served as a nice barrier for pretty much anything that could damage the things it contained). The place seemed fairly safe. The partially collapsed wall and the entrance were far enough from the altar and his chest. Some holes in the walls and the windows didn’t look like much of a problem either. He didn’t think any major change would happen for at least a decade to come, unless some unexpected interference occurred, of course.
make sense. Every time he was about to find answers, he was being pulled back away from them somehow. He was scared and panicked. Moriarty’s words kept ringing in his head over and over again.
‘Leave me!’ Sherlock lashed out helplessly.
Next, after a blackout, he found himself in a hazy dream, where he was drowning in freezing waters, no longer hearing the wedding song, even though there still was ringing in his ears and the pieces of his shattered violin were next to him in the water, drowning together with him. He could barely feel cold or pain any more, as his body was already numb. He was incapable of breathing or going back on the surface, his arms and legs were just moving helplessly, weakly and way too slowly for the motions to be in any way productive, so he kept going down. There was Mary’s face above the water watching him, looking down on him ‘You don’t tell John’, he somehow managed to hear her telling him before she disappeared. The water gradually started whirling Sherlock’s body like a partner in a dance, slowly, and he allowed the depth to consume him.
Sherlock could hear Archie protesting, but he could barely make out the words. When the blades touched his feathers, he flinched and whimpered. If he had a bladder in his swan form, he would’ve definitely lost control of it now. He was scared into silence and stillness, feeling overwhelmingly helpless. He could hear the shears cutting, but he wasn’t feeling any pain yet. He could also hear Moriarty humming some melody under his nose, as he kept cutting. It took quite some time for Sherlock to realise that the man was trimming his flight feathers, those that were mostly white in his species. He kept cutting until there wasn’t much of them left on the broken wing. When he was done, he folded the wing into its normal position: against the swan’s body. The movement made Sherlock moan in pain. He saw Moriarty reaching into his leather pouch again and closed his eyes once more. He didn’t want to see. The sorcerer kept humming to himself, as he started to wrap something around the wing a few times, including the shoulder, before bandaging the limb to Sherlock’s side tightly, but not too tightly, winding the strip of material several times around his body, both under the healthy wing and just above its shoulder so that the good wing remained more or less mobile, while the broken one was completely immobilised against Sherlock’s body. When it was seemingly finished, the swan opened his eyes to see the neat, dark-blue dressing wrapped around him. Did it mean there would be no wing amputation? He was afraid to hope.
John needed a moment on his own, so he went up to the balcony once more, leaving Mary with Queen Martha for a talk they obviously needed to have, joined by the Queen’s best friend Margaret. They needed to discuss what was going to happen now that John had proposed and Mary had accepted.
‘Is it too bold of me to hope that we can still be friends?’ he suddenly asked, turning his face back to Sherlock, his voice unwavering and steady, akin to his hands when he shot.
‘Of course. Are you sure nothing is wrong? You look ashen…’ John touched his forehead and Sherlock found himself helplessly leaning into the touch.
And then he saw John. He was standing next to Queen Martha. Somehow, from what John had told him about her, this was exactly what Sherlock expected her to look and sound like. He brushed the feeling of uneasiness aside. Déjà vu was an almost habitual feeling by now, especially when it came to anything related to John, so there was no point in dwelling on it now.
‘Good boy…’ Sherlock whispered, smiling to himself weakly. The cygnet then got himself under Sherlock’s good wing, only letting his head stick out. ‘Archie… If I die, everything I own is yours. The key… The key is behind the medium-sized, brown piece of limestone… under the second w-window to the right from the entrance’, the crowned swan said with some effort. The boy looked startled at that, but then seemingly calmed down.
Mike Stamford was his old friend. Together they used to study medicine, both equally enchanted by the subject, even though John, as a crown prince, didn’t need it. John had collected a lot of medical books and even scrolls during his travels and, together, they enjoyed studying them (or criticising them). They hadn’t been doing it often lately, hardly ever, in fact, but their old friendship had survived. Mike had never accompanied John abroad, having a lot of duties at home, and now a family with wife and children. In addition, he wasn’t a soldier and, generally, wasn’t into anything that had anything to do with wars.
His human body started regaining its balance and his mind was going back to normal, as he found himself half-sitting, half-lying on the floor. He sat up, willing the dizziness away when, all of a sudden, there were soft footsteps at the entrance. Someone had stepped over all of those stones and entered the chapel, and it wasn't Archie. Sherlock froze at the realisation and forced his eyes to focus. The man had found him! In fact, the hunter was inside now, but he stopped abruptly, looking at Sherlock with his eyes wide, mesmerised. The cursed moon had made his crown glitter… Of course, it had brought the stranger here. And now its light was flowing into the chapel from the entrance, and partly from where the wall was half ruined, letting the stranger have a relatively good look at him, while Sherlock could barely see his face because of the direction of the moonlight. Still, he managed to see the man’s eyes fixated on his coronet, because, of course, it resembled the crown he had seen on the swan (that fucking crown…). Sherlock tried to think what he could do to protect himself in case of attack. He looked around covertly. There was nothing he could use as weapon. In addition, he was still reeling after the transformation. And, even if he wasn’t, he had no chance against the stranger’s crossbow after witnessing how exceptionally quick and accurate the bowman was. It meant he could only try to talk the stranger out of killing him, if that was what the man was planning. Sherlock couldn’t be sure, seeing him so poorly. He would’ve deduced his intentions otherwise.
‘That Moriarty… If someone found and dealt with the depraved git, would that help?’
‘Archie’, the boy introduced himself after a little less than an hour of just watching. Well, that disproved the already doubtful assumption that the child was mute.
On occasion, he studied members of the flock; for example, he used his, more or less accurate, eye to measure their size in his mind. He could tell that the average length of an adult mute swan of the flock from his or her bill to the tip of the tail was about 1.6 metres, with the wingspan as large as 2.3 metres, or so. He also observed the depth of their footprints to estimate how much they weighted. The average weight was about twelve kilograms; some weighted more, others less. The whooper swans in the flock were slightly lighter, as was Sherlock himself. There weren’t enough data (the word felt painfully habitual), so his conclusions were, likely, inaccurate. It was by no means an interesting occupation, but beggars couldn’t be choosers. He was bored out of his mind more often than not. It was almost his normal state now.
‘Would you mind me seeing you changing?’ the blond man asked and bit his lip slightly. ‘It’s fine if you do mind; I'm not going to insist. It’s all fine’, he added hastily. Sherlock was equally stupefied by another sudden bout of déjà vu at those words and by the request itself. Would he be comfortable with anything like that? He’d feel vulnerable for a few minutes after the transformation, not to mention that he was generally more vulnerable as a swan, no matter how strong those birds could be. But, in the end, he chose to agree. John had already seen him as a swan anyway.
Heroin was his second choice. Luckily enough, he had enough of citric acid powder in the kitchen to dissolve it properly. Requesting it from a man who did the shopping for him (one of Mycroft’s lackeys, who appeared once in a few days specifically for that purpose) would’ve made everything obvious, especially to Mycroft, who, no doubt, monitored everything.
John stretched his aching leg and shoulder a bit more and headed to the entrance of the palace, greeted by the guards, including their captain Lestrade, and servants. He smiled at Lestrade, who was also a good friend of his, and clapped his shoulder. The other guards were used to seeing their Captain’s friendship with the Prince, even though someone new would probably think it beneath a royal person.
There were small gasps from the guests, some excited, other disappointed.
It appeared, in any world John and Mary belonged to each other. Did a world where John and Sherlock could be together even exist? Apparently, not. There were always John and Mary; and stupid, stupid Sherlock…
When the anger was gone, there was just exhaustion left. He hoped nothing bad had happened to John. Other than that, it would’ve probably been for the best if his beloved friend lost interest and stopped visiting. Archie’s brown eyes followed him worriedly, and Sherlock knew he was being obvious.
‘Whom?’ she asked, seriously worried now.
(See the end of the chapter for
‘Well, I suppose this is where we part our ways’, John said when they were outside. ‘I’ll see you tomorrow. Take care. And thank you for your trust’. It was obvious that the man wasn’t particularly enthusiastic about leaving, but he knew he had to.
‘Then what is it? I know there’s something. You look like you’re not feeling well. If it is an ailment…’
There was also Lestrade, but he was a relatively new friend to John.
‘What? Did you expect me to raze that chapel of yours to the ground in a fit of magical rage?’ he asked incredulously. ‘I assure you, darling, everything is going according to the plan. Everything is the way it should be!’ he chirped. He was actually elated. It couldn’t be good, Sherlock knew it. Still, he had the access to the chapel, his chest and all the things in it; things that Moriarty, for some reason, hadn’t taken from him yet, despite Sherlock’s fears that he would. ‘However, I do have some sad news for you, Sherly. Unfortunately, your dearest brother won’t be visiting again. Sorry to disappoint, but he’s no longer in this scenario’. At those words Sherlock froze in terror and looked at Moriarty with his eyes wide open. ‘No, nothing like that!’ the sorcerer chuckled, easily reading Sherlock’s expression. ‘It’s just… We all play our roles, like I’ve said before, and he’s already played his role in your story’, he explained, as if it was an obvious thing he was tired of explaining. Sherlock studied his face for lies, but he couldn’t see any (not that he necessarily would, in any case). And wouldn’t Moriarty use the opportunity to hurt Sherlock by telling him if something had, indeed, happened to Mycroft? He allowed himself to sigh in relief silently. Moriarty gave him a grin of approval and told him to quit ‘pouting’ and celebrate the big improvement with the others. Thankfully, he left shortly afterwards.
He warned John when he knew he was about to start changing. It was a slightly odd experience to have in front of another person. Once he was in his swan form and the dizziness had abated, he focused his, now sharper, eyes on the blond man. There was both worry and awe on John’s face. Sherlock wished he could still talk to him.
Moriarty kept visiting on occasion. At times, he just liked to be there to taunt and tease Sherlock, at other times, he simply sat there at the lake just to get at everyone’s nerves. A couple of times he came with a fishing pole and spent a few hours fishing and relaxing. As always, the swans preferred to stay away from him, even though he rarely paid any attention to them. If anyone was in the centre of his attention, it was Sherlock. The ‘crowned’ swan was used to it, but still felt uncomfortable. Moriarty was unpredictable and no one knew what he could do the very next moment. On the other hand, after being torn away from his family and life, he wasn’t sure he really cared if Moriarty hurt him personally, since he had already ruined Sherlock’s life.
Apparently, if you were too close to the ‘fence’, you were a fair game for the hounds. Even if the swans managed to get past the beasts, the ‘fence’ wouldn’t let them pass, even though it did let any other creature in and out without trouble, including the hounds.
He was on the wedding again, playing the song he had composed for John and Mary; the one he had grown to hate. They were dancing, as he was performing it, and they weren’t noticing that the music he was playing was becoming increasingly more ominous, dark, desperate and heavily out of tune. It was deafening and it was sending shivers down Sherlock’s spine, making him shudder and clench his teeth together, as he was moving the bow over the strings rather furiously now. The newlyweds and their guests were too happy to notice. The music kept playing, even as he threw his violin against the floor, shattering it. The music kept playing, even as he buried his head in his hands, screaming, and screaming, and screaming, but not hearing himself; just the ominous song that John and Mary kept dancing to.
When every detail of both paintings was firmly etched into his memory, he closed the locket with care and put it back into the box it had come from. Now there were only stacks of various books left in the chest. He wasn’t in the mood to check each one of them, but they were mostly books on science he’d missed during his long years away from civilisation. If it was Mycroft who had selected them, they were the most accurate ones, instead of some pseudo-scientific rubbish some ‘scientists’ wrote.
Most other drugs, such as oxycodone, just didn’t feel exactly right, but he still used them in combinations with his more preferable ones.
Devastated, he returned to the lake. As soon as the others saw him, all their hopefulness was gone. He was grateful that, at least, nobody said or asked him anything. He knew he would’ve snapped. The atmosphere itself was depressing, and everyone was quiet and sombre.
‘Then don’t’, the younger man almost whispered. Only now, John noticed that he was caressing the back of the pale hand with his thumb, still holding the thin wrist. Perhaps, it was the reason Sherlock shivered and his rapid pulse was palpable.
‘Nothing… I just don’t hear it often’, Sherlock replied (‘Or not at all’, he added to himself). But there was something else about it, oddly familiar and forgotten. At least, that was the feeling, even though it was illogical.
John was reminded yet again why she was so loved by people, even though she wasn’t always a perfect ruler in a traditional sense. A decade earlier, there had been a king from another kingdom, who wanted to question her rule. Things had been so tense that there had been a possibility of war and intrusion. But, when said king had visited, the Queen Regent had been quick to confuse and charm him, both chastising and mothering him, rather than making proper negotiations. Scolded and fussed over, the relatively young man, who had been raised without a mother, had gone home and no war had ever taken place between their kingdoms.
Sherlock always knew about the flock’s new ways of entertaining themselves and about most of their changes by deducing them, hearing their conversations at the lake or seeing their activities at their building, which he could see from the entrance of his, but he hardly ever visited them there, believing that, if he did, it would have been expected of him to let them into his chapel more, which he decidedly didn’t want. He did, however, allow Francesca, Henry and Pierre to borrow some of his books, as they promised to return them before their transformation back into swans; they just borrowed again the next night to continue reading. The same went to some other things, such as an occasional request for a pair of scissors or a knife from one member of the flock or another. Sherlock was very protective of his few belongings and they knew it, treating them with utmost respect. Every item was his treasure. He ended up just giving away one of his knives, nonetheless, just because it had made requests even fewer.
He hadn’t been really focussed on those dark thoughts lately, which, paradoxically, was probably related to warm, mild weather.
He’d long learned to control this body. He even flew sometimes. It wasn’t that hard, as long as he had enough space to take off. But he hated it. It reminded him of being abducted by Moriarty and falling. He only flew very short distances when he needed to get somewhere quickly, not that he had any real reason to hurry, and he was never too high above the ground; in fact, anything less than four metres was ideal.
But, apart from their swan noises, there was something else happening in terms of communication. They were talking to each other! He never really approached them, but it was enough for him to move only slightly closer than he usually was to them to be able to ‘hear’ them talking. It wasn’t physical, and it was highly unlikely a human could even imagine any communication like that happening between them, let alone understand them (Moriarty was, likely, an exception). It was more as if they could ‘talk’ to each other telepathically, and it was a complex interaction, with fully-formed, absolutely normal sentences, rather than anything curt or monosyllabic one would expect of a swan or any bird or animal communicating with another one. It didn’t take long for Sherlock to deduce that these swans weren’t actually swans. They were, just like him, humans; abducted and turned into swans. Those were young men and women; mostly women, as he had already established before. Sometimes he observed them from a distance (he always kept the distance). They seemed quite used to this life. As long as there was no Moriarty anywhere close by, they were rather relaxed. They swam in the lake, even played in the water. After their sleep, they enjoyed spreading their wings, preening themselves or grooming each other, gossiping about this or that. It wasn’t often they discussed anything serious. Sometimes one or more of them started to feel homesick and depressed, and it was time when they all kept closer to each other, trying to be comforting. Sherlock grieved on his own, just as he did pretty much everything else.
As gratitude for her help (that would inevitably be needed again), Sherlock permitted Jeanne-Victoire to use the chapel for no more than ten minutes per night for her prayers, and only some nights. He promised, however, to break their arrangement if he ever learned that she touched any of his belongings, and he would definitely learn if she did. She scowled at him, scandalised, and assured him that she was familiar with the concept of property. She came once in a few nights, after they transformed into humans, and Sherlock patiently (or not exactly patiently) waited outside, before re-entering the chapel and rushing her out, as soon as she finished her prayers.
The beasts were so furious, they were practically climbing over each other now, completely mad. They were so worked up that they even started swatting at each other. He considered killing all of the demonic creatures, but he couldn’t waste any more bolts, in case he needed them later. He hoped his friends were safe, with the forest having something like this living in it. Since it appeared that he wasn’t going to be chased after, he decided to continue pursuing the crowned swan and at least take a better look at it before finding another way to the camp, without having to deal with monsters. If the swan had flown away, however, it was unlikely that he’d be able locate it now. Still, he went in the direction he had last seen it running and flying in. Soon, it became apparent that he’d definitely lost it now, but then, something caught his attention. The swan’s crown wasn’t very shiny per se, it had seemed to be made of pure silver, but the moonlight illuminated it nicely when it captured it in certain ways, depending on the bird’s position, or when it moved. So, when John’s eye had caught a silvery sparkle, not really close, but still within the limit of his vision, the Prince immediately followed it, trying to make as little noise as he could. There was a mountain ahead; no, some medium-size building that time hadn’t spared much, from what he could see now. The last time he saw a sparkle was before it disappeared into the building.
Sherlock was happy. He didn’t know why, but he knew, he could feel, that he hadn’t been this happy for a long time. He just wanted to hold onto the feeling, instead of analysing, among other things, why being a child felt odd to him. Maybe it was just normal for a growing person with an above-average intelligence to feel older than they were. And he quickly got used to wearing all those clothes. Nothing indicated that he hadn’t been wearing this type of clothes for years now. Very soon, it felt natural to put them on every morning, as well as to see others wearing somewhat similar attires. The time that, to some extent, had felt wrong at first, was also easy to get accustomed to.
A big trouble came one early morning when the twin sisters, Alison and Beatrice, suddenly disappeared, not long after turning back into swans. Worried, some older members of the flock approached Sherlock after their own fruitless attempts to locate the girls by flying above the area and calling them. They contemplated to extend the area of search, but Sherlock wasn’t interested in their methods, working separately, as always. It didn’t take long for him to get on the girls’ trail. It was easy, as they were the only adolescents in the flock now and had variegated grey, light-brown and white coats, like all mute swans of their age. Not far away from the lake, he found some slightly bent feathers that belonged to one of them. He examined them carefully and sighed in annoyance when three other swans started pestering him with their questions.
‘Then what? Sherlock, please, look at me’.
He woke up in the morning with a slight hangover and Gertrude’s leg over his thighs, her dark-blonde head resting on his shoulder. She was still asleep when he quietly and carefully freed himself from her embrace. He knew it was best to leave now, so they could avoid any awkward conversations. It was highly unlikely they would see each other again, but he would send a discreet servant to her later with a gift (a pendant or anything like that). He hoped she wouldn’t be insulted by it. They were from different cultures, even though they had a lot in common. He hoped she would understand that he wasn’t treating her like a harlot by sending her a gift, but rather wanted to express his genuine gratitude for the great time and apologise for leaving her like this. She could keep or sell the gift if she wished.
Still ready for an attack, John picked up a stone, a rather heavy one, but not big enough to require more than one hand. After weighting the stone on his palm, he experimentally threw it at one of the beasts. It was a painful blow, even though a creature as big as that could hardly be damaged by it. He managed to make them even angrier, and yet, they couldn’t overcome some invisible obstacle that hadn’t affected John himself earlier. ‘Magic’ was the only word that came to mind, as he was trying to find any explanation to what was going on. He wasn’t the one who believed in such things, but here they were.
‘You may come in’, he said, not turning to the boy, but loudly enough for him to hear. The tentative, but not scared, footsteps told him that his invitation had been accepted. The young guest sat down by the fire, not feeling intimidated by Sherlock at all. The man was still busy with his experiment, but, at the same time, he was watching the boy out of the corner of his eye. It was the first time he’d had a chance to take a good look at the newcomer in his human form. The child was about eleven years old, just like Sherlock had been. He wondered if it was another one of Moriarty’s ways of teasing him somehow. Just like Sherlock himself, the new boy was an Englishman. He did look sullen, and, at first, Sherlock thought the boy was like that after his ordeal, but it didn’t take long for him to deduce that this sweet-looking child, as most people would, undoubtedly, characterise his appearance, just normally wasn’t as sweet as many people would’ve expected him to be. Sherlock realised that he had yet to hear the boy talk, wondering if the child was mute, but doubting it, at the same time, because there wasn’t enough data for such a conclusion.
Pierre, the French Marshal’s son, was highly educated. He could read the stars for directions (not that it was in any way helpful here). Just one moment of looking at the sky could tell him what time it was, no matter if it was day or night. And he counted days, months and years. Sherlock overheard him telling his close friend Friedrich, the former dancer and the son of a street musician and entertainer, that those things helped him to stay sane. That was how the swans always knew when the big days for the rest of the world were. He always knew when it was Christmas, for example, and told others. For them that day was always a quiet one when, in their thoughts, they were with their loved ones. Sherlock wasn’t an exception. Years should have made it easier, but they hadn’t. He hoped that his family were happy and moved on. Were they still thinking about him? Had they tried to find him? He knew they had. But he didn’t want them to suffer any more than they already had, undoubtedly. He imagined that not knowing if your loved one was dead or alive, and whether he or she suffered or not, was so much worse than knowing that he or she was dead.
‘Sorry, Sherlock, I’ve got to go. Mary is having those contractions again, asks me to bring a hot-water bottle for her back’, John sighed with a smile in his voice.
The bird was looking back at him with what he could describe as fear and, possibly, curiosity, not moving at all. But he could be imagining things, since there wasn’t nearly enough light to take a good look for making such unrealistic conclusions. John realised that he was holding his crossbow unconsciously trained at the swan. He started to lower his weapon when, all of a sudden, there was some loud barking growl, and he saw something huge moving very fast in the direction of the swan. The bird jumped in a startled terror and produced a barely audible noise that sounded somewhat like a gasp. John was quick to shoot a bolt into the huge beast. Its howl was so loud it was almost ear-splitting. Everything was happening faster than he could really follow, but he managed to notice that the beast had red, glowing eyes and black, dishevelled fur. He hadn’t seen anything like this before, but it wasn’t the best time to marvel. His skilled hands were already loading the next bolt, which was a great idea, because the wounded beast had turned on him now, forgetting about the swan, who was in the process of escaping, its wings flapping violently in a somewhat disjointed manner.
At first, they were having a small talk. The Queen was telling him about the duke and his family’s visit not long after her arrival. But then she started the talk he’d known would follow:
So far, nobody looked particularly interesting to him. Oh, they
John believed it wasn’t nearly enough to just bring Sherlock things he could use. He, obviously, wanted to do more, so, one night, he asked if there was anything else he could help the younger man with, even offering to secretly send a messenger with a letter for his family. Sherlock reminded him that his parents believed he was dead and, logically, it was better if they never started doubting it. But the idea of sending a letter to Mycroft had been planted into his mind since that conversation with John. For days, he couldn’t decide on anything. He wouldn’t mind summoning his brother to demand explanations, to demand him to share everything he knew, even though there was likely (or definitely) no hope for Sherlock. Last time they had seen each other, Sherlock had been too emotional and couldn’t talk for a human to understand. If only Mycroft visited again… But he hadn’t, and it spoke for itself. He must have moved on long ago, so was there any point in trying anything that, quite possibly, wouldn’t bring any result at all? It would’ve been inevitable for Sherlock to have a tiny, treacherous hope that would be almost inevitably shattered.
He was too young for a swan to be able to fly, and, he imagined, would be for quite some time, and, being such a small, clumsy and slow walker, made it pointless to leave this relatively safe place with no idea of where to go. And, even if he managed to escape the forest in one piece, what would he do next? He couldn’t communicate with people to explain his situation, and people could be a source of danger for him as well. No matter how desperate he was to leave this place and go home, he wasn’t stupid. He also remembered Moriarty’s warning and advice to ask others about the consequences of an escape attempt. Even though Moriarty was full of rubbish, the warning had felt genuine and sombre, even though it had been voiced in a half-joking manner.
‘Perhaps’, Sherlock said again. Had he just seen the corners of the man’s mouth quirking up a bit?
The only ‘swan’ capable of flying very well was the oldest one of them, named Francesca. She was eighteen years old, or would’ve been, as a human, abducted more than a year back. She was, without a doubt, an adult, both as a person and as a swan. One day, when she was slightly away from the rest of the swans, Sherlock approached her and, without preamble, asked her why she wouldn’t just fly away, get help somehow, or do anything else to get out of here.
‘Is… Is there anything I can do to help you?’ he finally asked.
Every now and then, some traitorous parts of Sherlock's mind wondered if he was a bit hesitant to love John’s daughter, because she was also Mary’s, but he wasn’t allowed to think that; he had absolutely no right to think that. It was safer, and quite reasonable, to blame the fact that he, generally, was not fond of children and never had been, including the time he’d been a child himself.
They always managed to obtain more food than usual during holidays. Around something as widely celebrated as Saint John’s day, also known as summer solstice, (even though they’d celebrated it a couple of nights back), more effort was put into obtaining food. Robert and some other people had long since started making various simple tools, made of wood and stone. But, to catch fish, Robert used baskets that he’d woven from firm twigs. He put bait inside before submerging those fish traps. They were constructed so that the fish could swim into them, but couldn’t escape them. It was rather simple, but efficient; something that people, especially those who lived in villages, that had bodies of water close by, widely used.
After a few hours of absolute misery, Sherlock realised that there were no more hushed whispers of the shaken members of the flock and everyone had fallen silent, humbly and slowly backing away closer to the lake. There was only one explanation, – Moriarty. Sherlock managed to lift his head and turn it enough to see the sorcerer approaching him. As if things hadn’t been bad enough…
While he wasn’t limping to need this sort of support, he was dizzy and his very being told him to just lie down. He didn’t know how much time it had taken them to get to the lake. It felt like forever and he wasn’t in any state to deduce anything at the moment. Most other swans who had been with him at the barrier had already flown to join the rest of the flock and to inform everyone of what had happened. Some had likely stayed behind with the catatonic adolescent. He wasn’t sure about anything. He was in so much pain, he couldn’t be certain he had been entirely conscious during his way to the lake.
He could be falling asleep or falling into an abyss, it was hard to tell now. Whichever it was, he couldn’t fight it and wasn’t trying to.
‘We just wanted to enquire if you… and your… guest would care to join us for a meal. Yesterday, Robert caught some fish and we plan on cooking it tonight. There’s enough for everyone’, Francesca explained, curiously eyeing the blond man.
It was a relief that, no matter how much they could dirty or even damage their clothes and shoes at nights, whilst performing some tasks, the next night, when they transformed, everything was clean and intact, and their faces, hair, moustaches and beards were well-groomed again, or their faces were perfectly smooth, like Sherlock’s. With his experiments that could get messy at times, it was more than a little helpful. Not only hygienic procedures would have been problematic for a human, but they would’ve also been time-consuming. Sherlock decided to spare his mind from trying to solve something as illogical as this. This mystery couldn’t be solved, just like many other things that had happened to him throughout the years. He hated unsolved mysteries, but when magic was the answer to them, he preferred to stay away.
‘Will do’, Pierre nodded at his request. After that, he and Francesca took their leave politely, with John being just as nice to them before sitting back down, once they were gone.
The Saint John’s festivities were already beginning when they arrived. The locals seemed friendly. In fact, some thought that the presence of a royal person could bring the village a good fortune. The main bonfire was huge, food and drinks plentiful. The celebrations involved the regular old rituals to scare off evil spirits, protect children and livestock from harm and illness. There was music, people sang, danced and played games together. Many people wore woven wreaths, made of leaves and twigs. Some had them decorated with flowers and ribbons. Some of the women who wore such wreaths gave others bouquets of fragrant herbs. One of them, a rather good-looking one, with a pleasant smile, gave John a bouquet, tentatively flirting with him, perfectly aware that he was royalty, despite his laid-back attitude. Throughout the night, he spent quite some time dancing with her at the bonfire. Not even his leg was bothering him. He knew it was going to bother him in the morning, but he didn’t care at the moment. The woman (Gertrude, as she’d introduced herself) made him aware she was interested in more than just dancing. John decided they had to be discreet and, while many things could be forgiven at the summer solstice celebrations, he didn’t want her to get in trouble with the other villagers. It wouldn’t do if she became a victim of gossiping because of him, especially with her being a widow.
It took the older swan unforgivably long to notice John’s crossbow still in the boy’s hands, slightly heavier and bigger than someone of his size and age could find comfortable enough to wield. Obviously, the Prince had been upset enough to leave without his valued weapon. Sherlock hoped he’d at least got back to the castle safely.
When he asked how exactly Sherlock could know all of those things about him, the man replied that he’d simply observed it, because he knew where to look and what to look for. He explained how exactly he’d gathered it all from John’s clothes, his skin, haircut, signet-ring, attitude and many other things (he described them all so quickly that John needed a bit of time to get his head round it all afterwards, because he didn’t want to miss anything). As it turned out, his brocade black with gold design doublet alone had given Sherlock plenty of information. In his life John had seen people that could be characterised as geniuses among military leaders, weaponsmiths, artists, inventors, but this… This was something else.
Meanwhile, as the night had fallen on the lands of Bavaria, midnight brought the usual change to the residents of the lake. Nobody dared to leave for their usual activities as humans, though, and not many wanted to, curious and still astounded by the product of Moriarty’s sorcery that kept demonstrating them the lives of people out there, where the swans couldn’t go. They, too, were perplexed as to why they were allowed to see Prince John’s ball.
He had a set of keys of his own again (thanks to Mycroft), so he decided to enter without bothering Mrs Hudson. He’d greet her later, as soon as he checked on Sherlock. The house was watched by Mycroft’s agents, so, if anything had happened, John would’ve been informed. For that reason, he wasn’t very worried now, he just wanted to be sure.
The next day a servant informed him that Queen Martha wished to take a walk with him in the garden. He sighed and went to meet her, knowing that that was it, the moment of truth.
‘My name is John. It’s nice to meet you.., despite the odd circumstances’, the man introduced himself politely. Of course, his name was John. There was no other name that would’ve fit him, Sherlock thought, surprising himself a bit.
‘It’s fine. There’s nothing to apologise for. I overreacted’. Sherlock turned his head slightly, looking at the guest out of the corner of his eye. John’s posture and his body language, in general, indicated that he was ready to leave any moment and wasn’t planning to stay for long, otherwise, he would’ve made himself comfortable, as he usually had. Sherlock hated that he’d made him feel so unwelcome. In addition, from what he could see, Archie was in front of the entrance, admiring his very own new crossbow, lighter and smaller, obviously given to him in return for John’s forgotten one that was currently hanging against the man’s back on its leather strap. The crossbow had been promised to the boy, but he hadn’t been supposed to get it this soon, therefore, John was assuming that his visit tonight was his last one ever. The lump in Sherlock’s throat felt like he was about to start choking on it.
‘Are you not enjoying yourself, my Prince?’ someone behind him asked, sometime later. Apparently, he’d been so distracted that he hadn’t noticed the person approaching him, which was a bit unusual for him as a seasoned soldier. He turned his face to the person in question. It was a good-looking, blonde woman, close to his age, wearing a beautiful white gown, decorated with white feathers. Most noblewomen or princesses here wouldn’t have approached him like this on their own, in front of everybody. He didn’t mind at all, though. He hadn’t seen the woman before. She must have arrived later than others.
She had been a wife of the rightful King and a tyrant who, to many people’s relief, had been assassinated by the rival dynasties that later were at civil war with each other. There hadn’t been many survivors, but John and Harry were among those few who had survived that war for the throne. Harry had been seven back then and John was eight. Queen Martha, the wife of the late King had also survived. She had been supported by many, but she’d had no legal rights for the throne. It had turned out that John’s family had that right, despite not being very rich or well-known for the nobility. So, after a lot of debates, Martha had been proclaimed a regent with John being a heir to the throne. Their land had been at peace for many years now, thanks to that decision. The problem was that John hadn’t hurried to accept the crown. Military, travelling and his medical studies were among the things he enjoyed so much more than the idea of becoming a ruler. Since his youth, he had taken part in quite a few military campaigns, far away from home, while Queen Martha kept ruling the country long after his coming of age. John was a middle-aged man now, but still wasn’t crowned, which should’ve happened a long time ago; there’d always been excuses to postpone the coronation. People didn’t mind Queen Martha’s rule, but a few had started having questions and people were starting to get worried, which was never good, even with general support of both commoners and nobility.
‘Because you don’t have much time before you change. You can’t fly. If you transform here, it’ll take you a very long time to get back. There are foxes and owls in this forest’, he explained. Archie sighed and wordlessly left the chapel.
‘It’s nothing. I’ve just told you I’m prone to it. Why do you have to be so persistent?’
All too soon, sooner than Sherlock had thought it possible, Mycroft reached the barrier and went through it just before Sherlock collided with it. He started crying and beating against it, and continued until he found himself on the ground, lying on his chest, his wings spread and shaking. There were some of his black and white feathers scattered around him. He wasn’t sure how long he had lain there. Eventually, someone touched his back with their wing, but he tore himself away from the unwanted comfort. Only then, he saw four swans from the flock next to him. He charged at them aggressively, hissing and making them start back before he flew away from them, his wings beating desperately, losing a few more loose feathers in the process.
. He wished he at least had any medical equipment that would’ve allowed him to do more. He desperately wanted to do more.
‘Tomorrow at midnight?’ the blond man said, asking for permission.
It also spared him some time to fly to the chapel every night shortly before the transformation. Otherwise, he would’ve wasted his time on walking there on foot as well.
‘It must be overwhelming to have a mind as great as yours’. The Prince’s smile and praise made Sherlock’s breath hitch in his chest. His face and neck were getting warmer.
1. In the ballet the Prince has a tutor named Wolfgang. I really like the character, but I couldn't include anyone like him in the story, simply because John is too old for having a tutor, so I thought it would be odd. I decided to include Mike Stamford, instead, who's John's good friend and someone who shares (or, at least, used to share) his interest in studying medicine.
‘Oh, Sherley, I’m so sorry!’ Moriarty cooed when he’d visited during one of those days. ‘I just wanted to give you something you’d obviously needed. You were so bored, I couldn’t stand seeing you like that. I was so desperate, I almost contemplated delivering your old dog to you to cheer you up, only to find out it’s been gone for months now’. Sherlock’s heart had stuttered painfully and he’d curled up unto a tighter ball feeling so cold and miserable that he could no longer hear Moriarty’s voice or anything else for that matter.
Lestrade visited once and brought him some more files with cases the consulting detective could help with. Sherlock easily deduced that it was John who had rung the DI and asked him to visit Sherlock and check if he was okay, even though John himself rang him every day.
‘But… Why?!’
Unsurprisingly, his companions were already up and searching for him.
Very soon, he started practising violin. He wasn’t very successful at first, but he did remember how to play. The problem was that, at times, he was getting both excited and overwhelmed by the painfully familiar sounds the instrument produced. It made his heart beat too fast and his hands shook. But he was working on it. The books from the chest were at least moderately interesting, and he made sure to savour the pleasure of reading, instead of quickly extracting what he needed and skipping everything else, like he knew he could, because he didn’t want to go through the supply of books too soon. He wasn’t the one to read the same books repeatedly, so he knew he wouldn’t come back to them again, once he deemed them finished, therefore, it was best not to hurry.
‘True. I can tell my preferable activities are not a secret for anybody’, he smiled at the woman again.
John sighed in relief when the taxi had finally stopped at his old flat after he’d got Mary, together with their luggage, home. Their trip was finally over, two days earlier than expected, due to their mutual wish to go home, and he couldn’t wait to see Sherlock and make sure he was fine. He’d been trying to ring him for a while now, but Sherlock hadn’t been answering his mobile, neither calls, nor texts. If he was busy conducting one of his experiments, it wasn’t unusual. It wasn’t like there was much else he could do, as he wasn’t allowed to leave the flat, at least until they got any new clues about Moriarty or rather a person or people that were carrying on with the psychopath’s ideas. So far, they had nothing to work with, so the genius must be bored out of his mind.
On the plane Sherlock had ‘gone over’, as junkies referred to non-fatal overdoses, which didn’t mean it hadn’t been dangerous. John had been able to help him on his own though. But this… This was worse. He immediately called ‘999’. On the phone, he decided not to mention that he was a doctor, just in case someone imagined that things were, in any way, under control. As soon as he rang off, he put his unconscious friend into the recovery position after checking his dry mouth to make sure there was no vomit or tongue dropped to the back of his mouth. He also quickly made sure the doors were unlocked for when the ambulance arrived.
‘Can’t Harry have the throne, instead?’ John sighed, still joking, because his eccentric sister was only interested in getting roaring drunk and brawling in the seediest of taverns, which all too many people were well aware of.
A little more than a week after the gruesome death of her sister, Beatrice died as well, despite all the care some members of the flock had been trying to give her. She hadn’t eaten or drunken anything at all and seemed dead days before her heart stopped beating. She died in a body of a human and was buried as one. Some flock members dug a grave as deep as possible without necessary tools. She was placed into it and covered with earth, while Jeanne-Victoire was saying a prayer. As a headstone, a regular stone was put on the grave, with Beatrice’s and her sister's names scratched on its more or less smooth side with a small, sharp stone. Some flowers were put next to it, too. It was all they could do for her. Sherlock had watched the scene from afar and left pretty soon. His help or presence weren’t needed anyway; not that he would've been able to help with his arm like that.
He was disgusted with himself. He’d promised John to stop taking drugs. Again. ‘This time for real’, of course. John had stayed with him, getting him clean after the incident on the plane. He had been supportive, both as a friend and as a doctor, even though Sherlock could easily deduce his anger. The anger had been under control, for Sherlock’s sake. The withdrawal itself had been severe (but when hadn’t it been?). Sherlock had done his utmost to seem stoic, even though he hadn’t felt that way in the slightest. He hadn’t wanted John to see how hard it had really been on him. Eventually, he had proclaimed himself clean. The doctor had tested him a few times, and the tests had been negative, confirming that Sherlock had not been secretly using behind the doctor’s back again. Desperate, John had made him promise, and Sherlock had thought he could keep his promise for him, because he wasn’t even sure he had any desire to do it for himself, which was something he’d, naturally, left unsaid. Even if he saw no point in staying clean, he had been staying in control surprisingly well.
It was already apparent that, as a human, he didn’t have such a strong eyesight any longer, and he was aware he was going to need some time to get used to not seeing ultraviolet light again (once daytime came, he’d be able to analyse all the differences much better); not to mention he had a good front vision again, rather than an excellent sideways vision of a swan, simply due to the placement of his eyes. It affected the field of view, too. Of course, it felt strange to have arms and hands again; he would have to learn anew to operate them properly. And he didn’t even want to start thinking about his neck that was so much shorter and felt so much less flexible now, which also affected his movements a lot. In addition, his motor skills felt challenged. He supposed he should be grateful that his mind was intact in both forms, despite having different brains. But that was something he had thought of many times before.
He’d started writing in his journal again. The Prince hadn’t been writing since his last military campaign, but now he was inspired to start pouring his secret thoughts out again, not to mention, he had something interesting and incredible to write about. Hiding his journal safely, was a usual practice for him, but, even if anybody ever found it, he could always tell them he was trying himself at writing a fictional story, and give them hell for going through his personal things, to boot.
‘Redbeard…’ Sherlock choked out. The setter looked a bit odd, not exactly the way he would’ve expected it to, but it was undoubtedly Redbeard, his dog. He had a feeling he hadn’t seen his pet for a long time, but it didn’t make sense. He lived in this place and the dog lived here with him and his family; he had been bought for Sherlock specifically. The boy knelt and embraced Redbeard, who, obviously, appreciated the attention. Everything felt warm and familiar. He then looked at his friend (his only friend?), who was looking back at him with his tongue hanging out of his mouth, his tail still restless, as it was brushing the floor from side to side.
From all of that, it was obvious that they were still a product of magic; Sherlock would have rather expected everyone, including himself, to be naked and rather unkempt after being turned back into what they all were – humans.
‘Archie, it’s fine. Nothing to be concerned about. It’s just… John’, Sherlock explained, or tried to, and nearly buried his warm face in his hands. He was ridiculous. Was it a side-effect of his anti-socialness that a few nice words had a power to affect him in such a manner? It wasn’t like him at all.
He’d known something like this was coming, but he hadn’t expected that so many things had already been arranged. The plan was for him to choose a wife during the ball. Sometime after that, he was going to be crowned and get married shortly after. He knew it could’ve been worse: his wife could’ve been chosen for him, but Queen Martha wouldn’t have done it to him. John knew she was right. She cared about both him and the kingdom and wanted the best for both.
‘Are you going to visit the night after tomorrow?’ Sherlock simply asked when John was leaving.
Apparently, most of them had spent the whole time since the change at the lake, looking at their reflections, touching their own faces or their companions’. Each one of them had been much younger last time he or she had seen his or her own reflection. Some could barely recognise themselves any more, but they knew it was they nonetheless, just older. They, too, moved somewhat stiffly and a bit odd due to such significant anatomical changes. They were also marvelling at their fine clothes and expensive fabrics they were made of. While Sherlock huffed about them being childish about it, he was secretly touching his smooth face, now and then, and he really enjoyed touching the fabric of his clothes; black velvet in particular.
‘Your sh-shoulder?’ Another sudden spell of dizziness made Sherlock close his eyes. He hadn’t managed to deduce it before. He’d rather thought John had had something wrong with his leg, even though something hadn’t felt right about that observation, but now it was like some pieces were coming together. It almost felt like John was
The relative silence of an early morning was torn apart by the desperate scream of a violin.
, personally (with the help of his brother), who had made it possible for them to turn into humans on a regular basis, so they seemed a bit more courteous and respectful towards him. Sherlock was grateful for their respect of his personal space and property. Once, when one of the ‘villagers’ learned that one of Sherlock’s favourite knives had started to get dull (the one he usually used to cut plants for experiments), he immediately volunteered to sharpen it. Robert had done it carefully to avoid any unnecessary waste of metal and, in the end, the tool was sharper than it had been in the beginning. It made sense that someone who had grown up (or had almost grown up before being abducted) in relative poverty was natural at treating useful things with knowledge and care to make them serve for as long as possible.
I would like to make it clear that in no way this story is based on films, based on Swan Lake, cartoons (I hate cartoons!) or any modernised version of the Swan Lake ballet (*shudders*). They don’t work for me and I would never find them even remotely inspiring. My inspiration here is the classical ballet, which has always been my most favourite of all.
The bird was a couple of metres away on the ground, watching him, its head tilted. A few moments later, it, unexpectedly, started to change its shape: the feathers were gone, as if pulled back underneath the skin, the wings and talons turned into arms and legs. It had taken mere moments, and now there was a man in a dark attire of a nobleman, looking at Sherlock from above and smirking. The dark eyes and that face… Sherlock knew this man.
When they reached the neutral territory they shared with the hounds, Sherlock was mindful of every noise around him, but noises were inevitable with so many people there with him. They all tried to be as quiet as possible, but their sheer number and the fact that they still weren’t quite used to their bodies didn’t make things easier. Thankfully, four of them were separating themselves from the others, as it had been previously agreed. Two went to the left and two to the right to be on the lookout about twenty metres away from the main group. If they saw or heard any hounds approaching from either side, they would not only warn the others, but also try to draw attention of the hounds to themselves. They’d stay closer to the ‘swan territory’ the whole time and, hopefully, make it there in time, in case of getting chased after, giving the others an opportunity to run to safety as well. From what they knew, those monstrous hounds didn’t hunt in packs. If they heard or smelt the prey now, they’d come separately. The hounds, however, obviously had the advantage of having a much better night vision and could sneak up to their prey undetected. At the same time, having the eyes that glowed in the dark probably wasn’t such a great advantage.
'There were royals and those who accompanied them from Hungary, Russia, Spain, Naples and Poland...' In this particular order dancers usually perform in the ballet when the royal guests are presented to the Prince.
‘Nothing. I’m fine. I… Could you stay a little longer tonight, until I transform?’ Sherlock nearly whispered, never meeting his guest’s eyes.
The transformation was particularly unpleasant that night, to say the least. His wing didn’t really move though, remaining firmly pressed against him. When the change was complete, Sherlock was still bandaged over his clothes and his arm was pressed against him; not even the pressure of the bandage changed. It meant he actually had a chance to heal, but there was no way to tell if he’d be able to fly again or operate his arm just as well as before. The pain and worry had exhausted him so much that he just kept lying on the ground. He used his cloak as a blanket and someone put his or her wrapped up cloak under his head (it was Henry's, as Sherlock later deduced). Most members of the flock left to their usual place, but some stayed, just in case Sherlock or Beatrice, who still didn’t move, needed something.
He didn’t have much to do, and sometimes he felt as if he was going insane. There were at least two swans in the flock that showed clear signs that their mental health had been undermined. One of them could become catatonic for hours or even days on end. Luckily for her, she had a friend who was like an older sister to her and was willing to take care of her when necessary. Then, there was the other one. She often started murmuring some unintelligible gibberish and it took time for her flock-mates to snap her out of it and make her pay attention to her surroundings. One day, she just wandered away, probably not even realising what she was doing, to never return. Everything indicated that she had fallen prey to the hounds or some other predatory animal (the latter was highly unlikely). Sherlock couldn’t help investigating and quickly confirmed that she had become a meal for two hounds.
Trying to be as quiet as possible, those in the centre, including Sherlock, approached the barrier. Just as Sherlock had predicted, it was still there and they couldn’t get past it. He took the opportunity to touch the barrier with his hands, but it didn’t feel like anything at all: no palpable texture, no difference in temperature, at least he couldn’t detect any by just touching. He was distracted by the feeling of being watched. And then he heard some soft rustle from behind the bushes probably less than thirty metres in front of the barrier. The others had heard it, too, and froze at first. They were humans now, but, after spending so much time in the bodies of a potential prey, they were quick to spot the signs of danger, even though they’d never been actively hunted. They were done anyway, so they started moving away from the barrier, giving the sign to the others to move back as well. Sherlock couldn’t hold back a gasp when he saw two pairs of red eyes: one in the bushes, where he’d heard some noise before, and another one slightly farther away. Immediately, he turned to run, just like everyone else did. They could hear growls behind their backs, but, fortunately, they’d managed to get into the safe territory in time. Still, they kept moving faster than necessary until they were halfway to the lake. They were out of breath pretty badly, due to their changed anatomy they were yet to get used to. The hounds were enraged and there were now more than two in the same place, judging by the noises that reached the group.
Sherlock had been through all of these thoughts many times before, yet, he had to remind himself of the simple facts once more. It was the reality he had to stick to, instead of indulging himself into pointless fantasies of what could never be. The kiss had affected him greatly, thrown him off his already poor balance; it had weakened his determination, making everything even more complicated.
He felt as if there was nothing at all left in his life. He knew it was childish and overly dramatic to think that way, and, perhaps, it was his addiction talking, but he was tired of caring about it. Caring was not an advantage; Mycroft knew exactly what he was talking about, and Sherlock knew how much trouble caring had brought to Mycroft himself, probably much more than any good he’d ever seen from Sherlock, shouldering the burden of a junkie brother alone, without involving their parents. He was good at hiding his addiction; Mycroft was right about that as well. John would be too busy to find out. And, if he happened to visit for a moment or two, abandoning his family life for a short while, Sherlock would find a way to tamper with his urine tests. Quite possibly, there would no longer be any other reason for John to visit his bothersome friend. Wasn’t Sherlock dragging him down?
When Sherlock had met John, he hadn’t been taking drugs for sixty-eight days, and, back then, he’d doubted he was going to remain abstinent for much longer. And yet, from the moment Sherlock had met his flatmate, friend and partner, up to sometime after the Fall, Sherlock hadn’t been using, except for those two cases when he’d been drugged against his will by the taxi driver and The Woman. The cravings, if there at all, had been weak, and Sherlock could easily ignore them.
‘What is it?’ he asked quickly and moved closer, taking the younger man’s elbows in his hands, while Sherlock’s pale ones grabbed his guest’s upper arms in return, like a lifeline.
The traitorous voice on the back of his mind told something entirely different, though:
John couldn’t believe his eyes. He had seen black swans during his travels, but the one currently in front of him wore a silver crown that looked a bit glittery in the moonlight, which was the reason the Prince saw the strange creature, in the first place, because, otherwise, he wouldn’t have noticed it in the dark. He’d lost the trail of something he had been chasing before, but found this magnificent swan instead. A crowned swan… Was it the product of somebody’s odd sense of humour? Or, perhaps, he was dreaming and wasn’t aware of it? In any case, he wasn’t going to shoot the swan, at least not until he found out what kind of marvel it was. Actually, he didn’t think he’d kill it in any case. Why anybody would want to kill a wonder like this? It definitely was something more than a regular swan; or maybe he thought that because of the crown and the fact that the bird was in the forest in the middle of a night, rather than somewhere at the water. He couldn’t see or hear a body of water nearby, unless it was much farther.
She talked, but Sherlock never answered. In fact, he liked to hide his head under his wing, as if preparing for sleep, hoping she’d get the message. But she just sat next to him and told him something about her past. Later she found another pen, whom she befriended, to Sherlock’s relief; maybe he was even a bit glad for her, but he was also glad to have his peace and solitude back.
‘Yes. My arm is still in some discomfort, but it has been like this the entire evening. It’s not anything new’.
* * *
‘You’re an idiot… A fucking idiot! A complete, fucking pillock!’ John sobbed heartbrokenly, without tears, both furious and devastated. He buried his head in his hands. No… No… He would have time to break down later, and to beat the git’s arse, too, but now he had to calm down and go back to being a doctor Sherlock desperately needed at the moment.
‘Why… Why didn’t you appear sooner?!’ he demanded, too shocked to be properly angry.
angry with Mycroft, but he also knew it wasn’t really deserved. Again, he had to remind himself that some swans in the flock had influential and loving relatives, but nobody had come to free them either.
Apparently, those who had been waiting for them at the lake had heard those noises as well, and the arrived group was met with pale faces and wide eyes that looked them all over, counting them and looking for possible injuries. When everyone was finally calm and ready to listen, Francesca shared the information about their discovery, admitting the defeat, because this cursed part of the forest was impossible for them to leave in any form. Of course, everyone was disappointed, including Sherlock, but something deep inside him was relieved, due to the fact that Mycroft hadn’t abandoned him because he’d decided to get rid of him, but because he really couldn’t get Sherlock out of this place. It still hurt, but it did make difference, nonetheless.
‘You know they might. And we don’t want other countries to see us as the weaker one in any way. It is your duty to get married and take your rightful place on the throne. Your dynasty is new and it needs to take roots as soon as possible. It’ll make us look stronger in the eyes of our neighbours. I’m tired and I’m getting old for this. And must I remind you that I have a hip? And, for the hundredth time: I’m your regent, not your queen’. This time she was the one who tried to joke to make things less stressful for the two of them.
‘It pains me to see you so unhappy’, John confessed.
‘I’ve come to apologise’, the Prince said.
When his respiration normalised, more or less, and no longer caused panic and confusion, he still wasn’t sure he could get up, so he decided to give himself a few minutes of rest before trying.
On the coffee table, his shaking hands opened the transparent cellophane bag that contained another bag, made of crinkly paper. Inside, there were smaller packets and glass bottles, mostly full of different powders and pills, but there were also ampoules, meant for medicinal use, in cardboard boxes, such as diamorphine hydrochloride and other official pharmaceutical products that were only available on prescription (not in this particular case, of course). Some of them had very slightly exceeded their shelf life, but Sherlock knew they were still perfectly usable.
Wasting no time, John started checking Sherlock’s vital signs. His skin was cold and clammy, his lips and fingernails were bluish. He had respiratory depression, low heart rate, weak pulse, extremely small pupils, slight muscle spasms (not very frequent or notable, but still there). A classical picture of an opioid overdose one could diagnose even without medical equipment. John tried rubbing Sherlock’s sternum and pinching his ear, but no reaction followed; he was deeply unconscious and didn’t react to any attempts to wake him up.
. How could Sherlock make him choose, even if the Prince ever developed similar feelings for him? No, Sherlock couldn’t make John abandon his life for him. He didn’t want John to end up regretting anything or feeling like he’d been used just to break the spell. At the same time, if he told him the truth, if he confessed that his, Sherlock’s, life depended on him now, John, honourable, caring, chivalrous John, would’ve felt obligated to save him and do whatever it took. There was also a small possibility the Prince would’ve been secretly disappointed in him for putting him into that kind of situation, because he would’ve had to abandon everything he had known, including his country, to be with someone who depended on him to the point they couldn’t live without him. It was very much like an emotional blackmail he just couldn’t stoop to. He knew he could use that tactics, even with John sometimes, without much guilt, but only when it came to something small and rather insignificant on a larger scale;
I apologise for the delay. I hope you've enjoyed the chapter (unless you aren't this much into pain). Hopefully, it isn't too rushed.
‘Of course’, John immediately promised, interrupting him. ‘I promise. I understand’. Neither his tone, nor his expression gave away anything that could possibly make Sherlock doubt his words, so he found himself relaxing.
Still lying on the floor, he touched his face, and his hand (an actual hand!) met his nose with nostrils, rather than a bill with nares; he had cheeks, chin and lips, as well as smooth, featherless skin. Everything seemed in place. Once he was certain that he wouldn’t forget how to breathe as a human and his dizziness mostly abated, he started getting up gingerly. Standing up felt odd, as his centre of gravity had shifted and a normal body position was entirely different. He looked himself over briefly. Oddly enough, he was wearing clothes: a nice attire with black velvet breeches and snug-fitting jacket with silver buttons and dark-purple embroidery. There was a delicate white shirt underneath, rich lace collar and sleeves visible on the outside, looking a bit spikey, but softer than they seemed. His back was covered with a long, dark-grey cloak, long enough to drag along the floor when he walked. He even had a silver coronet on his head, very similar to the crown he’d had as a swan. Of course, the coronet was way bigger to fit his human curly head. And it was tangible now, as he was examining it in his hands. For now, he put it back onto his head, intending to get rid of it later, once he examined the rest of himself, including his senses, both to remember what it was like to have a human body and to make sure everything worked fine. As always, his natural curiosity was also a motivator.
‘Daddy is home! Did you miss me, my beauties?!’ he exclaimed cheerfully. As always, the usual silence from the swans didn’t bother him. ‘Today is an eventful and important day for all of us. You all should gather at the water’s line so that we can begin without delay’, the sorcerer announced. Tentative and suspicious, the flock started moving to the water’s line, and those who had been in the water to begin with, joined those on the shore. Everyone was tense, but no one dared to disobey. Sherlock didn’t move from his spot, just to be difficult, and Archie was at his side. ‘Sherley, love, it concerns you as well. In fact, it concerns you more than any of us, so don’t make us wait. It’s your show and you can’t miss it’, Moriarty insisted, his mood oddly forgiving and just as cheerful as before. Sherlock sighed to himself with irritation and did as he had been told, just for the sake of making Moriarty piss off. He hoped that, whatever it was on the sorcerer’s mind, was going to end soon, and he would leave them all alone again. It was a good enough reason to cooperate and make it happen sooner. Archie was close on his heels as the older swan moved closer to the flock.
John wasn’t sure why the younger man was looking him over like that. The Prince thought he probably looked somewhat similar when he studied a new book on medicine. He allowed himself to be studied, even though he didn’t really understand what was going on just yet. He took his time watching Sherlock as well, while, at the same time, trying to come to terms with all the strange things that had happened within such a short period of time. Everything seemed quite surreal. At first, that swan (Sherlock’s pet?), then the hounds from hell, followed by finding this man in this ancient, godforsaken place, sitting on the floor in the dark. He could assume that the dark-haired man lived here, because he certainly looked comfortable and accustomed to the place, but it couldn’t be the truth. He looked so well-groomed, dressed in an obviously expensive, tidy attire. It couldn’t have been maintained in a place like this, and the clothes didn’t look like anything one would wear for travelling. John, of course, quickly recognised the English accent (as if he could ever not recognise someone native to his neighbouring country), which, too, was hardly usual to find in a wilderness of Bavaria. What an English nobleman, and, judging by the clothes and some of his manners, he was one, was doing here was a mystery to the Prince.
‘May I come here again?’ John suddenly asked when the boy had left.
Sherlock spent the entire evening and night sobbing and crying out for his mother pathetically, hiding under the roots of that tree again. A human would have likely only heard pitiful noises of a distressed swanling, but the other swans, apparently, could understand what was going on. However, as soon as any of them approached, he started screaming and driving them away, so they were compelled to stop their attempts to comfort him. He didn’t want them. He wanted to go home to Mummy; to his family, to Redbeard, and he wouldn’t have even complained about that fucking vielle or his brother!
‘Look, I didn’t mean to scare you or intrude. I’m going to leave in a moment. I thought I was following that swan’. The man shook his head and looked around, seemingly to confirm the fact that the swan wasn’t here. But then, Sherlock could tell the man’s eyes were once more directed at his coronet. ‘But you probably know what I’m talking about, don’t you?’
was the intruder, that
The roof was, for the most part, intact, but one of the walls had partly collapsed a long time ago. There were holes in the walls here and there, and some plants climbed those walls both on the outside and on the inside. They were not yet revived after the winter. The night sky was clear, so the moon was a decent enough source of light, as its light penetrated the building through the holes in the walls, as well as windows high above the floor. Sherlock had to fly over the stones, large and small, scattered at the entrance of the chapel. Upon entering and looking around, he could see that the place was quite clear inside. The floor was cracked, mostly made of stone that didn’t really let much vegetation through. There were some stones, mostly rather small, scattered all over the place, and bigger ones at the walls, but, otherwise, there wasn’t much else. The back wall seemed to be the most undamaged and there was a stone altar against it, rather intact as well. Sherlock tentatively approached it.
‘Of course, I would. I promised, did I not? My apologies for being late, though. I had to urgently write a letter to one of our advisers and send it with a messenger. Nothing too serious, but it still had to be done tonight’, the Prince explained. Of course… This close to the entrance the bright light of the fire didn’t reach enough to be sufficient, but now Sherlock could see some ink stains on John’s fingers and a tiny amount of wax used for sealing messages on his thumb; and his clothes had small signs of being put on in haste before he had headed here. Obviously, Sherlock had become needy and importunate. How pathetic was that?
‘You know what, John’, Mike started after having a sip of ale. ‘You should go hunting. It’ll take your mind off all the worries for now. People say the forest to the south-east from here is full of game. Really, go, you don’t have to brood here while people are starting to get busy with preparations for that ball of yours’.
allowed to postpone his choice a little, but what was the point if, in any case, he would have to choose from women who were currently present? Out of all of them, Mary was the only one who appeared to be a kindred spirit, someone whom he already liked and found interesting in so many ways. And, if he announced his choice now, others wouldn’t linger here for long, or, rather, he wouldn’t have to spend much time with them for a few more days, pretending to be in the process of making up his mind. If he made his choice tonight and voiced it, people would stay for about a week as guests, but nobody would be trying to fight for his attention or expect anything special from him, personally. He’d even be able to spend more time with Sherlock, instead of entertaining the guests days on end and becoming too exhausted by nights. He’d have enough time to build or strengthen good relations with all of these people once he’s king. They weren’t enemies to begin with.
‘There’s something I’ve had delivered for you. Have you seen that half-ruined chapel behind the hill, north from here? You should head there when the sun sets. I’m afraid, it is all I can do for you, Sherlock’.
‘He’s always hungry’, Sherlock replied cheekily.
This, all of this, wasn’t real, was it? He didn’t know how, but this world was a fairy tale he was stuck in, except he was doomed, fairy tale or not. Mind Palace… Of course, he was in his Mind Palace, trapped and living another life. How was he supposed to come back? Was it even possible now? Mycroft had told him it was his own fault, but Sherlock still failed to understand what exactly he had meant. As Moriarty had told him, he was too deep, so he had no access to the data he required to comprehend what was really happening and why.
different. When his wings were folded against his body, his coat seemed entirely black. He wondered if it was in any way related to the fact that, as a human, he’d had dark hair.
When he first played the violin for John as his appreciative audience, there was one thing he knew deep inside in all certainty: he’d already played for this man before, many times perhaps, in another life, even though he didn’t believe in such nonsensical concepts. The look in John’s eyes, when he followed every move of the bow, of Sherlock’s fingers, or the way he closed his stormy-blue eyes to let the music envelop him, felt like tracing a habitual, distinctly engraved pattern.
He left for the chapel at the same time as he always did. His, once broken, wing was a bit achy today, which meant his arm, too, was going to cause him some discomfort. He couldn’t wait for the landing and was generally irritated; with both his wing and himself. He landed, once he had got over the threshold of the building and, finally, folded his wings to let the aching one rest against his body. And then he nearly gasped, because somebody was already inside. He’d been so distracted that he’d missed all the signs of someone’s presence there. Fortunately, it didn’t take long for him to recognise John in the dark. Immediately, his irritation was gone, as he was watching John starting the fire, which soon was starting to fill the chapel with its warm glow.
For the next few hours, he was just lying there, panting and shuddering in pain and cold. The cold was just him having chills. He couldn’t tell if he was starting to develop an infection on top of everything or it had something to do with shock. His mind was a bit hazy. He saw and heard Archie verbally attacking others to chase them away, because it wasn’t like they could do anything other than make things worse, as they kept being useless nuisances. It made them give him space, but he knew they were discussing what to do between themselves. He also knew there was nothing they could do; they didn’t even have hands.
‘What?! You’ve already started the preparations?’ he asked incredulously. She looked at him pleadingly, and his shoulders sagged.
‘Yes. When?’ Sherlock asked immediately, and immediately chastised himself for sounding so needy. He did want John to come back. He only didn’t want him to bring anyone else, but John himself was an entirely different matter. He was welcome.
had done it as well. Either it had had to be Sherlock, personally, for the change to happen, and it had had to be done specifically after sunset, or nothing at all would have happened anyway if it hadn’t been for something Mycroft had done, deliberately. In any case, Mycroft had known what would happen. A swan, even a swan with human intelligence, had no use for books, musical instruments or other things the chest contained. Opening the chest alone would’ve been nearly impossible for a swan. So, either Mycroft had known what would happen, once Sherlock entered this place at the right time, or he had directly orchestrated everything somehow. Sherlock felt torn between feeling grateful and betrayed. Mycroft had blamed him, but hadn’t given any explanations, and Sherlock had failed to deduce anything from that painfully brief visit. All he knew was that Mycroft hadn’t been lying.
‘I only had my crossbow at the ready, because of those… ’ the man made a helpless gesture with his hands, trying to find an appropriate word. ‘…Wolves?’
There was also an option of just letting the hounds tear him apart and devour him. It was just his luck that both options meant facing two things that filled him with an absolute, in some ways unexplainable, dread. He could just starve himself to death or find some poisonous plants or fungi he could eat and hope they were poisonous enough to kill him, since he didn’t really have an opportunity to test them beforehand.
In the end, he just asked his friend to stay with him, for as long as he could, and nearly had panic attacks almost every time Watson as much as left the flat for a short while. They didn’t even have cases and Sherlock couldn’t care less, as long as John was there, even though it was just his Mind Palace copy of John. The copy was brilliant. Of course, it had been created as a requirement for a case, but it had started living its own life, making Sherlock want to visit this John Watson over and over again.
I absolutely had to include all the details of Sherlock’s survival as a swan and I hope you don't find them boring. Sherlock is all about the details, so I cannot imagine not including them. In ballet a good dancer can make you immerse into a story with his or her movements and body language. A writer needs something else for that purpose, and I love Swan Lake ballet so much that just writing a story with dry facts (‘he was turned into a swan, then he met John and they fell in love’) would hardly show my respect. And, of course, a story about Sherlock Holmes and John Watson without complexity is unthinkable. So I really wanted to include some solid world-building. I know what you’re waiting for and, I promise, I’m going to give it to you soon enough. :)
He obtained the look of a fully matured swan when he was eighteen; he knew how old he was thanks to Pierre. The reflection in the water showed him a rather impressive and… beautiful bird. Was it narcissistic or, somewhere deep inside, he still couldn’t entirely accept being anything but a human? He couldn’t tell. Sometimes he wondered what he would’ve looked like as a human by now, but, somehow, he knew.
He started suspecting he was imagining things. After all, the vielle still sounded and felt a bit odd in his hands, and Mycroft seemed too old for his and Sherlock’s parents, so, perhaps, he had every reason to question his judgement, or even sanity.
Some days at the lake, Sherlock heard them gossiping. Some ladies thought John was interesting and confessed that they wouldn’t have minded to have an opportunity to know him better, apparently only stopped by the fact that he was Sherlock’s guest, and the chapel was a place where not many and not often were welcome. He couldn’t help ruffling up his feathers in silent anger. John was
Apart from his matured swan body, he had a small silver crown on his head; or rather, a phantom crown, as it was visible, but not tangible, so he couldn’t get rid of it. It had been Moriarty’s joke one day, as he kept calling him the Swan King. It wasn’t true. The other swans didn’t follow or obey him. They just lived as a small community, just as before, cuddling together when they were cold, sad or scared, but they had no leader, and Sherlock had never been close to them and rather lived on his own, even though he always stayed close by. There were a couple of them who had tried to be authoritarian and take control, it was inevitable in any group, but others didn’t appreciate it at all. In fact, Katharina who had tried to impose her unwanted leadership on others, and even had a couple of supporters who looked up to her, had been warned that she’d be banished, if she kept persisting. They’d all been through enough woe, as it was, to deal with anyone’s ambitions on top of that; ambitions that, frankly, were out of place here.
5. When Sherlock was kidnapped and taken to Bavaria by Moriarty, Bavaria consisted of several parts. Sometime during Sherlock's life as a swan (some years before he met John) the parts were reunited, so now it has one duke. It's not important for the story; I just thought I should mention it for some more realistic world-building.
Still, he decided that the endeavour would’ve hardly made things any worse for him. He tried to compose a letter, but, at this point, he didn’t know what to write, exactly.
‘You’ve got nothing to worry about’, he finally said, loud enough for others to hear. ‘I promise to love and respect you. I swear to do my best to make you happy. You have my word, you shall not be looked down at. Mary Morstan, will you marry me?’
‘Behave’, she chided him with a smile.
Soon, all of them were invited to the hall next to the one everyone was currently occupying, because the feast had been prepared and the guests were awaited. The table was lavish, the music nice, the entertainers funny or skilful (or both, depending on what their performances required), so people seemed to be having fun. Even John was a little more relaxed now.
‘Girls and boys!’ Moriarty called cheerfully. It seemed the birds started pressing themselves against each other even harder now. ‘Meet your Swan King Sherlock!’ he announced solemnly, before turning his attention back to the cygnet. ‘Well, a king should have a retinue, don’t you think? This… All of this is yours now’, he said, his hand pointing at the lake, the forest and the swans that still wouldn’t move. ‘By the way, you’ll be tempted to make an escape attempt. I wouldn’t do that if I were you. Your new underlings can tell you all about it’, Moriarty warned, standing up and straightening his clothes. ‘See you later’, he smirked and turned to leave.
That meant he probably didn’t have much time left.
(See the end of the chapter for
Bill Murray, on the other hand, was John’s loyal companion during his time away. The redhead had been by John’s side in almost every military campaign the Prince had ever been a part of (sometimes pretending to be commoners, unbeknownst to the other soldiers). Many of those campaigns had also allowed John to use his knowledge of medicine, which had earned him a lot of respect, apart from him being an excellent bowman. Bill
They left their horses at the path in the forest, where a servant was also left to look after them, while the three friends with another servant moved deeper into the forest.
‘No, thank you’, he declined. ‘And, would you be so kind as to ask Jeanne-Victoire not to come here tonight with her prayers?’ She didn’t come to the chapel most nights, but, with his luck, chances were that tonight she would. He noticed John raising his eyebrow slightly, because Sherlock had answered for him as well, despite the fact that the both of them had been invited. But he had deduced that John wasn’t hungry! Unexpectedly, it made him worried that his typical lack of tact had put the new acquaintance off. The amused twitch of the blond man’s lips made Sherlock inwardly sigh in relief.
He heard others calling Archie his adoptee, which made him frown a bit. In no way he considered himself a father figure to the boy. Perhaps, he was a bit like an older stepbrother with some things in common with the younger one. He wasn’t comfortable with the fact that he had basically taken responsibility for Archie, but there was no way back now.
‘I thought you wouldn’t come’. He was a desperate embarrassment, even though he did try to keep his voice even. Why did he even bother trying?
‘I… I don’t know many people and I don’t talk to others often’, he explained. Well, it was the truth.
He could barely comprehend what was going on around him, which was Pierre with two other swans attacking the hound from the air and beating it with their powerful wings. Of course, it wouldn’t have caused any damage, but it still made the hound unclench its jaws, as it probably wanted to kill more of them when they were so close, or they just irritated it and it wanted to get rid of the nuisance. In any case, its distraction gave Sherlock some time to try and escape, moving towards the safe territory. He tried to fly, too shaken to think clearly, but flying was impossible now, so he tried to run, even though it felt more like crawling to him. He could hear his own heartbeat in his ears. All the other noises were muffled, including the noises the three swans made, in order to taunt the beast and keep distracting it from pursuing its escaping prey. The hound was roaring and growling, but that, too, was muffled for Sherlock. All of a sudden, there were two swans from the flock by his side, rushing him forward to safety. As soon as they were safe, the three swans, who had been distracting the beast, were quick to escape. Pierre was the last one to fly away to give his friends time to escape and the beast’s teeth grazed his back, once he turned to fly away. Fortunately, the injury was superficial.
John was silent for more than a few seconds, looking away pensively.
By the midnight, he felt knackered and went to bed, but sleep wouldn’t come. His feet were restless without him really noticing, his body tense.
The way the members of the flock looked at him now… Somehow, they knew. They knew what was going on. There was no more gossip like there had been before Sherlock’s sudden enlightenment. He never caught a whiff of anybody discussing John or himself again. They knew.
He was on edge the whole next day. When the sun disappeared behind the horizon, he was on the way to the chapel, flying low, as per usual. Nothing happened when he entered the chapel, nothing happened when he touched the altar or the chest with his bill or wing. He waited; he spent some time standing on the very same spot where he had transformed the day before. Nothing.
It meant that this was his last night. This… hadn’t been expected at all… For a few minutes he couldn’t see or hear anything, his mind was numb, but then, ignoring the eyes, full of shock and sympathy, he got up heavily from where he had been sitting at the water, turned around and started wandering away from the lake, away from all of this. There was nothing that could be done now. He hadn’t even imagined that the night before had been the last one he had spent with John. He would not be able to say good bye. He could physically feel his time running out now.
‘Nowhere… I just woke up early and decided to take a walk’, he replied. He wasn’t really lying, so he didn’t feel bad. He would have been happy to share what had really happened to him with his friends, but he had a promise to keep. They knew better than to chastise him for wandering away like that. While he was a prince, he was not the kind of prince that needed looking after.
‘Sherlock, please…’ he murmured softly.
He had been targeted deliberately, that much was clear. If the giant bird wanted to bring him to its nest to feed its giant offspring, for example, it wouldn’t have flown that far to get him. He wasn’t just a random human to abduct, no. Besides, he had been watched before, for days. Maybe… Maybe the bird had been trained by someone to kidnap people its owner chose? After all, birds of prey could be trained for hunting. Maybe it was an enemy of his family who had sent the bird for him? Too bad Sherlock hadn’t thoroughly studied the maps in the library. It wouldn’t have taken long for him to memorise them. Why hadn’t he found it important? What if he was going to need the knowledge of his location to find a way to escape? He was starting to panic again. There was nothing he could do at the moment. He was cold and scared, he wanted to pee and his body ached all over. He wanted to wake up in his warm bed, possibly awakened by Redbeard, and forget all of this, like a nightmare.
‘Sherlock! Sherlock, wait! I’m sorry!’ he pleaded. Sherlock didn’t stop, didn’t look back. The thought that he should’ve probably left the younger man alone now, at least for a short while, slowed John down a little, but then he regained his pace, too worried to just leave everything like this.
The stash contained a glass and metal syringe that could be sterilised (potentially dangerous for more than one individual, but acceptable for personal use of one person) and several sterile needles that could also be sterilised repeatedly. He had no disposable plastic syringes at home, which would’ve been a safest option, of course; however, if he went anywhere near a pharmacy, Mycroft would know. Leaving the flat at all would get him in trouble, since he wasn’t allowed to go out while there were no special circumstances or an explicit permission.
Together, they went down to join the other dancers and, as soon as the new song started playing, he took her hand in his and led her to the centre of the hall…
and, of course, this one:
‘John, dear…’ Queen Martha was just in his way and wanted to say something, but her smile disappeared as soon as she saw his face.
‘Then, I’m afraid, there’s no hope for my brother now’, he said, instead of answering the question. He kept looking forward, focusing on nothing in particular. ‘Are you aware of the fact that most swans mate for life, Prince John?’ he then asked, unexpectedly. John was immediately startled. It didn’t take long to put two and two together, as well as to realise that something terrible had happened to his secret friend.
‘I understand. My shoulder starts playing up sometimes. Just an old wound’, John said sympathetically.
He hated that he was supposed to choose without really knowing a person well enough and spending more time with them. He was too old for such spontaneous decisions, more typical of youths. He wouldn’t have minded to spend more time with Mary and make a well thought-out decision. He
‘John, are you sure? All these princesses… Yet, you want to choose me, a woman from a nearly broke family?’ she whispered, looking humbled by her rank.
‘No’.
It took him at least a week to even start assessing his situation properly. There were sixteen swans living at the lake, not including himself (he didn’t want to include himself, didn’t want to associate himself with swans, these or any others). All of them were older than he, but still rather young. If he was honest with himself, he was a bit afraid of them. Swans were large birds that could look quite threatening even for a human at a close distance. Some people believed that adult swans were slightly bigger than geese, but that was a mistake, – they were much bigger than that. And Sherlock was smaller than they now, even though most of them weren’t fully matured. He wasn’t a tiny cygnet though, definitely nowhere near a hatchling. He was more like a young teen by the swans’ standards. It probably made sense, as he was an eleven years old boy… or had been, as a human. He still had a lot of grey-brown dawn all over him, and it looked a bit unkempt. He did have a very poor brownish feathering on his wings and tail, but that was it. Unlike himself, the other swans here all had feathers of juvenile or adult swans. Somehow, he could tell that most of them were females (pens), but there were a few males (cobs). From what little he knew about swans, he could recognise the majority of them as mute swans, but there were also three whooper swans. Those two species looked a bit different from each other and made rather different noises. Mute swans weren’t actually mute, but they definitely made less noise than other species, and they were a little bigger. Not all of them in this particular flock were adults; most were juvenile that had variegated grey-brown and white plumage that later would change into the wholly white one. Sherlock wondered if he’d survive long enough for that to happen to him. Again, he didn’t want to see himself as one of them.
It was obvious he was dying to ask plenty of questions that kept piling since the moment he’d met Sherlock, but John, being a perceptive person, had refrained from asking those questions before, as if he could feel Sherlock’s discomfort and him not being ready to talk about himself. He wondered if he was making a grave mistake by trusting a man he barely knew. Ridiculous. He was trying to console himself with the fact that he was doing it partly because it was best to tell the truth before the obviously curious man started snooping about. Sherlock could’ve pretended that, if he started acting like John had overstayed his welcome, it would’ve actually made him leave and never come back, but he could tell that John was a person who’d want to investigate after encountering so many odd things at once. He was trustworthy and had strong moral principles, as Sherlock had deduced earlier, but, even so, it was none of his concern and the swan didn’t have to share anything with him or anybody else for that matter. It was his own life and tragedy. Why would he let anybody into something so personal? And yet…
The discovery was shocking and made him physically ill. He was doomed… He would’ve rather spent the rest of his days the way things were now than was put into this sort of position when he was constantly aware that the Damoclean sword was hanging over his head and his time was running out like water out of a damaged vessel. He wasn’t given any choice though.
‘Brilliant!’ he breathed out with a smile, no longer capable of holding back.
‘Sherlock, darling, dinner is served!’ he suddenly heard Mummy’s voice outside his room. He stopped playing abruptly. Something was wrong, as if he wasn’t where he should’ve been, but he couldn’t be certain of it. His eyes roamed over the room, both familiar and unfamiliar, at the same time, and stopped on his own reflection in a large mirror. He was an about eleven years old boy with a typical vielle still resting against his shoulder, the bow lowered. Not only the instrument was bigger, but also Sherlock himself felt smaller; again, he couldn’t grasp why he felt that way. The set of rooms was his, but the feeling that he hadn’t been here for a long time was persistent, as well as the feeling that the furniture and the décor were all wrong. He must have been practising for a long time, ended up daydreaming, and being distracted by Mummy had probably got him confused. What a weak explanation… He decided to shrug it off for now and explore instead.
‘I have. To whom do I owe the pleasure?’ he enquired. The man closed his eyes for a few moments, lowered his head and nodded in resignation and acceptance. It was confusing.
‘Moriarty put it on me’, he answered honestly. Archie just made a small noise of understanding and they were silent again, until Sherlock realised that they were going to turn back into swans soon. ‘You should head back to the flock’s place at the lake’, he said.
4. You must have noticed that I deliberately refuse to name John and Mrs Hudson's home country, which they rule. At first, I planned it to be Scotland, but, while this story is, basically, a fairy tale and historical accuracy doesn't matter, I still thought that those who are well-versed in Scottish history would find it odd, because Scotland was in an entirely different situation at that time. I didn't want it to get in your way. So, let's pretend there was another country on the British Isles back then. Imagine that some good part of Northumbria still existed independently from England and Scotland in Renaissance period (ridiculous, but passable for a fictional story, I think).
separate and very different endings for this story. Which is why the next chapter should be planned very carefully and it should end in its right time and properly (imagine stopping on a crossroads and facing two different directions), so I can later upload the endings as separate chapters each. It may take a while to write, but I'll try my best not to keep you waiting for too long, even though my job is robbing me of my time and energy to write.
The very next night he informed Sherlock that the message had been sent. Sherlock just nodded, feeling a lump in his throat and not trusting himself to speak. It would take a while for the message to be delivered, and Sherlock would have to force himself to avoid thinking about it, to the best of his ability.
He wondered if his message to Mycroft Holmes would make any difference. If not, he was determined to pay him a visit in England, once he left Bavaria. In addition, he started carefully asking around if anybody knew anyone by the name of Moriarty. He made sure to keep his small investigation quiet. In Bavaria, nobody he’d asked was familiar with the name. But his further research revealed that there was a noble family in Ireland with that name. He doubted that that particular Moriarty, sorcerer on not, would fly this far away from home every time he wanted to see his collection of human swans. Wouldn’t it be more convenient to organise something like that a little closer to one’s home? Once this fucking ball was over and done with, and John was back to the British Isles, he’d check that Irish family and everyone related to them, just in case. Still, he had a feeling that, even if the sorcerer was a member of that particular family, he lived somewhere nearby: in Bavaria or in a neighbouring duchy. What if he could be negotiated with? What if John could offer something in return for Sherlock’s freedom? If he managed to find Moriarty, he would try every available option (though killing him was a more preferable one, in John’s opinion). He was going to keep searching.
There were older women and those who were nearly of the same age as John himself (most of them were widows, which, of course, wasn’t a problem, in John’s opinion). His eyes roamed among them, but there was no immediate attraction and gravitation on his part. Most were nice, beautiful and elegant, though, he couldn't deny it.
‘The… left one?’
‘There’s nothing substantial I can do for you. Nothing depends on me now. I’m afraid, nothing depends on you, either. You’ve gone too deep this time, Sherlock, and now you’ve got yourself trapped in here’, Mycroft frowned. To most people it would’ve been invisible, but Sherlock could clearly see that he looked disappointed. Disappointed in him? But why?! ‘You must understand that I have no power and influence here. Not this time, little brother. I have come to say good-bye. You should know that I’ve done everything I could’.
He wasn’t always apprehensive about it if he had enough drugs in him to suppress the anxiety, but now he needed to shoot up again, because he was starting to display usual withdrawal symptoms and had to ring off as soon as he could. At the same time, he desperately wanted to keep hearing John’s voice. He didn’t even like talking on the phone, especially if it had anything to do with small talk, but now he just didn’t mind; he wasn’t the one who did most of the talking anyway. He thought he didn’t even care what his friend was talking about, as long as he could hear him. But then…
‘It would do me honour, Prince John’, Mary answered.
Sherlock had long since noticed that, after they had realised they’d be changing back into humans every night, the flock treated him somewhat differently. Not that they’d ever treated him badly as he, more often than not, kept to himself, but now there was something else. As he wasn’t very good when it came to emotions, it took him some time to deduce that they thought it was
John was always generous with his words of praise and encouragement.
‘Hello, Sherlock’, he suddenly heard a female voice and froze. He knew this voice. Mary. He turned around just to see her, still in her white gown with white feathers. Only now she was holding a crossbow, more compact than John’s and with only one bolt already loaded into it. She was aiming at him. He lifted his hands in the air in a gesture of surrender, but he knew she would shoot and there was no escape.
Again, for those who have never seen the ballet, but would love to, I recommend to watch this filmed version:
‘I’m sure’, he promised. ‘It happens sometimes’.
‘They are called hounds’.
interesting and beautiful and, in other circumstances, John would’ve enjoyed the company of some of them quite a lot (too much, perhaps), but he had to choose someone who was going to become his wife, someone he was going to see most days and spend his life with, and, at the moment, he couldn’t even imagine marrying any of them; or marrying at all, for that matter. Maybe the fact that there were so many of them wasn’t that good, since he was a bit overwhelmed by their number alone. He almost wished he had told Queen Martha to simply make the choice for him and arrange a marriage that she thought was better for their country. But he knew she wanted
‘What do you want me to promise?’
John allowed the royal tailor to take his time, making sure the two-months old measurements hadn’t changed, so that he could start the Prince’s new attire for the ball. The tailor asked plenty of questions, such as whether John preferred this type of embroidery or that, showing him the samples, whether he preferred this type of sleeves or that. After a dozen of such questions, John just told the other man that he trusted his taste. There were just a little more than three weeks left before the ball he’d been avoiding thinking about. It meant that he didn’t have much time left in Bavaria, because less than a couple of weeks afterwards he’d be going back home.
They insisted on showing him the latest sonogram of their unborn daughter. He had expected to find it interesting, to a certain degree, at least from a scientific point of view, but he didn’t. The image of a curled up foetus had made everything he secretly dreaded more inevitable and there was a feeling of finality about it, too. John was about to become less available, busier. Sherlock couldn’t not love the girl, as she was partially John; his DNA, his ‘flesh and blood’. He remembered reading that people were genetically more similar to their fathers, rather than mothers, something about using more DNA from their fathers. He must have deleted the details as irrelevant, so he had to find more information about it, as well as some sort of confirmation in reliable sources, if such a confirmation existed (why did it even matter so much?). Looking at the sonogram, all Sherlock could see was that John wasn’t going back to living in 221B.
Once he was finally there, he just sank to the ground helplessly. Archie immediately ran to him, looking worried out of his mind. It hurt even to hold his head upright, but Sherlock needed to see how badly he was injured. He tried his best to focus his eyes. It seemed the hound had broken his wing, but it hadn’t torn his flesh much, no major blood vessels were seriously damaged, so there wasn’t much blood. His feathers were dishevelled, but it was nothing. He was shaking badly. As a human only the other humans turned into swans could hear, he was moaning in pain, as a swan, he barely made any noise other than panting. He just wanted to rest, but he was aware that this acute pain wouldn’t let him sleep. There was no way to properly palpate the wing, but, apparently, both radius and ulna were broken. The bones weren’t exposed, but Sherlock knew that, if the break was fragmented then, not only he would never be able to fly again, but it could very well be his death sentence, too. As a human, he would’ve been able to take care of it, one way or another, or ask someone else to immobilise his arm for him by making some sort of a splint. But, as a swan, there was nothing he could do, and neither could others. With him turning into a human and back into a swan every night, which on itself put a strain on his bones, did the fracture even have a chance to start mending at all?
‘No! You can’t leave me here! Where are you going?! Come back!’ He was, basically, running after his leaving brother, who wouldn’t even turn his face to him again. His wings felt uncooperative, as he kept running and flapping them uselessly. He did manage to take off, but had no choice but manoeuvre between the trees in the forest and land a few times, just to keep running after the older man ungracefully, falling on his chest several times.
He wore a belted black leather jerkin over a dark-blue doublet and breeches of the same colour. His clothes was barely decorated, unlike the attires of the adults, but it was of superb quality, too. There was a beret with a badge on his head, his light-brown wavy hair flowed from under it. He also wore a dark-blue cape that, to some extent, protected him from the cold of an autumn night, but couldn’t be enough to stay warm. He looked warmer and more relaxed by the fire now.
He was deep in thought when he realised that he had gone farther away from the camp than he’d originally intended to. It was nothing, as he knew where to go anyway, but when he turned back, he suddenly heard some rustling not far away, in an opposite direction to the camp. Curious, he decided to investigate. If it was something edible, he’d add it to their other game. He moved in the direction of the noise.
‘My role here is small and I don’t have much influence. You see, Doctor Watson,
John hushed his angry thoughts. It really wasn’t the best time.
Sherlock was suddenly stunned. ‘Brilliant’, the man had called him. All of a sudden, it was hard to breathe and he had a strange desire to be closer to the Prince.
Humming under his nose and looking very excited, Moriarty approached the water, squatted down and elegantly touched the surface with his index finger before moving away a little to sit down onto a large stone behind the worried swans.
He started coming to Sherlock every night, perfectly comfortable without having much of talking taking place between them. The cygnet spent his days, basically, learning how to be a swan, watching others, mostly Sherlock, and copying his and other swans’ ways of finding and getting food and preening. Sometimes Sherlock wanted to be annoyed with his little stalker, but he wasn’t. In fact, he deliberately exaggerated some of his movements to make sure Archie could see exactly how things were done. For example, he taught him how to make a shakedown with his wings (he didn’t really need it yet, but he would), which was something swans did a lot, both to stretch their muscles and to get rid of loose feathers, as a part of their grooming sessions.
The flight was making him nauseous and he started to get cold soon enough. It took him a lot to finally collect himself and look up at his abductor. It was a dark owl that was probably a bit shorter than an average adult human and strong enough to carry him almost effortlessly. It was ridiculous and insane. How was this even possible?! In sheer panic, Sherlock started thrashing a little. And the bird suddenly let him go, to his absolute horror. Then it calmly followed him down, as he was falling, screaming his head off, and caught him with its talons again. Once it returned to its previous altitude, it dropped him down again and caught him a few long seconds later, after whirling around itself in the air several times, looking playful. It caught and dropped him once more, this time performing a somersault before grabbing him yet again. Sherlock was in such a state by then that he could barely feel a few scratches the sharp claws had left on his body, tearing his clothes slightly. He was barely conscious by the time the bird had stopped playing its cruel game. He threw up a little and went limp.
Eventually, he had given up, as all of his efforts had felt like milling the wind. Moriarty had ‘taken pity’ on him then, providing some false clues and leads only Sherlock could see. The crowned swan had risen to the bait, too desperate to deduce that all of it, in fact, had come from Moriarty himself. When it had become apparent that he’d been fooled, Sherlock had been severely depressed and despondent for more than a month afterwards, spending most of his time in his favourite hiding place, even though it was a bit too small for him since he’d grown up.
The first few days Sherlock barely moved; he slept a lot, his head tucked under his wing. Sometimes Francesca, Molly, Henry, but mostly Archie, brought him food. He barely ate though. Molly tried to engage him in some sort of conversation, mostly for her own sake, but Sherlock hardly ever replied. Archie was generally quiet. He kept squeezing himself in between Sherlock’s body and his good wing to rest there. The older swan didn’t mind.
‘Would you pass me the balance scales and that jar with a sample of soil?’ he asked, nodding at the aforementioned jar on the other end of the altar. Archie was clever enough to know what it meant. Barely containing his excitement, he stood up and hurried to carry out the request.
‘Why?’ Archie asked. The sudden feeling of déjà vu gave Sherlock a pause and he looked at the boy carefully, nearly dropping the tweezers he was holding in his hand and almost losing his line of thought. He closed his eyes and shook his head to clear his mind, which, oddly enough, helped.
Sherlock had to light another candle, as the first one had almost burnt down to nothing by this point, and he didn’t want to bother with the flint and tinder again. He put most things back into the chest, treating them as if they were the most precious things he’d ever had. He took the candle with him to examine the dust on the floor. Apart from the footprints of a swan (his own), he could discern three different sets of human footprints. One set belonged to a man with a slightly deformed leg. It was highly unlikely any of the two remaining sets were Mycroft’s; the footwear was cheaper and rougher, so the footprints, obviously, belonged to Mycroft’s lackeys, who had brought the heavy chest here, too heavy for just two people to carry, no matter how strong they were. The thoughts of Mycroft made Sherlock’s chest feel painfully tight.
Being a swan for nearly twenty hours per day, had become emotionally harder than before. Sherlock spent his days looking forward to John’s visits. It felt like he was just going through the motions the rest of the time.
Some days had been unbearable; he’d been so far away from home, from his life, and he could feel it so acutely that no mystery had been able to distract him. He’d hated every place he’d had to stay in, the views behind the windows had always been wrong, everything had been wrong. It had been even worse when his mission had involved waiting and lying low. Returning home ever again had started to seem less and less probable. He’d never thought it would take him so long. There had never been any guarantee that he survived, but he’d silently promised John to come back, even though the doctor couldn’t have known it. And yet, it had started to seem that he would never come back, that he would either die, or the mission would never be completed, since more and more threads had kept revealing themselves in the process and appeared to be endless.
. His eyes watered, he was shaking violently, still feeling too faint and weak to even try to move, but, slowly, he started getting used to breathing as a human again. Reasoning with himself was helpful.
Sherlock made Archie aware that he needed some time to talk to their guest. He really hoped he wouldn’t have to deal with a look of betrayal or anything of that sort. He was exceptionally bad at dealing with hurt feelings. But the boy just shrugged and went away, probably to collect more wood for their fire, his eyes lingering on the crossbow again.
He had been so close to telling John the truth and, possibly, changing his whole situation, his future, everything. But it was impossible. He had to go back to reality. He’d thought about it enough in the past and he couldn’t back down now. John’s touch,
Sherlock was tense, but John could no longer wait.
The hunt was more or less successful. They’d managed to kill some small game, but their real achievement was a wild boar.
They never discussed the upcoming ball, but it was easy to deduce when it was going to happen when John visited the night before the event. They didn’t talk about it.
‘Hello’, the man smiled. ‘Am I early?’
He didn’t know how much time had passed before he regained consciousness and tentatively managed to look up at the bird again. He thought he could vaguely hear it humming some jolly melody under its beak. Even without the physical ability to mimic a human expression, it managed to look smug. Sherlock turned his face away. If he was going insane, he’d rather avoid going along with madness as much as possible. The cold was becoming unbearable and the boy was shaking all over, secretly afraid that the tremors of his body would make the bird decide that he was struggling again so it could start playing its sick game, just as earlier. The dread at the possibility of falling down to one’s death was normal and natural, like in any other life-threatening situation. But there was something else here… Did he have a phobia he’d had no idea about or had he fallen before and the experience had been so traumatising that it had left a mark, a scar on his psyche? But he couldn’t recall anything like that, despite the deductions his mind was providing instinctively, without his conscious effort. He didn’t feel like trusting his mind now, anyway.
And that was it. After gathering a lot of, mostly irrelevant, information, he simply had nothing to work with; no clues, nothing to be able to solve the mystery that had no logic about it and broke the very laws of how the world worked. As he had met the dead end, there was no way to build a chain of deductions that could help him to get out of this place or, at least, find out why he was here other than for the pleasure of a maniac. Speaking of whom, Moriarty was aware of Sherlock’s attempts and had teased him because of them: ‘You’ve been busy. Anything interesting or useful so far?’, ‘Any luck yesterday?’ or ‘Next time you should take a few underlings with you and make
