“You’ll have more of a choice with these than you’d ever have with Ezekiel, dear,” Ana whispered, giving his shoulder a squeeze.
“My needle slipped,” Jan deadpanned, but batted his hand away so he wouldn’t get blood on the lace. “Sorry. It’s just—it’s not Hank or Henry’s faults that Ezekiel is a slime-ball.”
Edwin’s face went tight and unhappy, and he turned back to the stove, knuckles going white from gripping his spatula so hard.
Tony laughed a little even though he also wanted to cry with gratitude over how unquestioningly and unwaveringly loyal his friend was. He didn’t know what he’d done to deserve her as a friend, but he was glad of it. “After discussing it with Jarvis and Ana, I’ve decided to leave my worldly possessions behind and move across the country.”
“A picture of Steve?!” Jan asked, excited, and held the drawing up. She stared at it for several minutes, silent, until Tony’s laughs faded into giggles. “Tony,” she said seriously. “I’m sorry that you’re just marrying a brown and yellow blob. Hopefully your children will take after you.”
Ana slapped the envelope down in front of him. “I save these for my dear niece, back in Hungary,” she explained. “She’s expressed wanting to move to America and has asked for marriage ads to send letters to prospective husbands. We could find an alpha for you this way, too, dear.”
“Do you want me to bring any straggling letters by as they come, or would you prefer if I brought them all together again?” Jan asked, skimming another letter. She wrinkled her nose and set it in the ‘no’ pile.
“The Stanes will come after you there,” Reed argued. “Ben and Johnny are going to slow Ezekiel down, but they can’t do much without ending up in jail. We’ve only got a little time.”
address, but Jan’s, and his name wasn’t actually on the envelope as the addressee, like he’d requested of his suitors; even if it were for his own safety, there was something a little sad about it. He traced his fingers over the letters of the address slowly, then sighed and reached for the letter opener.
“Dear,” Jarvis said flatly. “You almost never hit me, and when you do, you are always,
This might be his only chance.
“Oh, ah,” Tony began, embarrassed, and pulled four twenty-dollar bills out to hand to the ticket man, who had raised an eyebrow at him in confusion. “Here’s this, and—um—he didn’t put any single dollars in here,” he whispered up to Jim.
corrected me, Anthony.”
“I see you’ve finally ducked your chaperone,” someone said from behind him.
“—Boo,” Jan said, because even she was not brave enough to swear in front of Jarvis. “Hank thinks it’s a bunch of boo and if Tony can’t find someone to marry, he’s offered to write to some of his friends in California.”
Jarvis let out a snarl but ducked his head, gripping his hands into fists so tight that his nails cut into his palms. “There must be
Had he become suddenly unattractive as a prospect when he’d admitted he didn’t know anything about ranches?
Tony pulls the two closer to him, feeling a little left out and all. “Yeah it is pretty gross, but no one would dare do that to him now a days” he laughs kissing the top of Peter’s head.
Bruce picks Wade up and sets him on the counter “how old are you Wade?” he ask brushing off Peter so he could get to work.
“There is no getting through to you is there?” Bruce questions as he gives up on Tony.
Wade hears the cries of his beloved Peter and looks everywhere he can for him, his eyes land to a couple of boys standing above Peter. One of them is stomping repeatedly on his glasses and the other is going to start kicking him. Rage is the only thing he feels as he rushes the boy  that is going to kick Peter.
Ahhh So many hits! >//////< Thank you all so much
“Yes mom I finished my homework” Wade says smiling at her.
“It’s not all of a sudden” Tony explains “I've wanted one ever since Thena was born.. She’s so cute and sometimes really sweet” he huffs “I just really want a kid of our own.”
“Fine stay there, it doesn’t matter much.” Tony looks at the small boy on the other end of the couch “Look here kid, you’re my kid now, I don’t care if I made a poor impression on you but from now on no one is going to ever hurt you again and we’re going to protect you from anyone else who wants to hurt you.” Tony smiles at him.
“What?” Tony asks annoyed.
“I don't know… I don't know what’s wrong with me” Peter looks up pleadingly at Tony “I just don’t feel right”
“Steve I’m cold!!” Tony yells for him “I want to go home before Thor leaves” Tony just can’t wait to get the Asgardian out of his tower.
“Adopted actually” Peter corrects “which means I’m stuck with you two” he says spitefully.
hey um I'm sorry this chapter is so short... I just haven't been feeling all that good emotional recently and I haven't been able to get past that writers block I'll try to get another chapter out soon
“Sorry Natasha…” Peter says softly as the memory of what Steve said coming back to stab him in the back again.
Steve laughs and pulls Tony closer, he wraps his arm around the other's shoulders. Now with the love of his life secure under his arm Steve kisses his temple. “If you actually get me boxers with your face on them I will set them on fire.” Steve says a little more threatening than their normal banter.
The young Omega laid there among the pile of soft furs and bared his neck to the Alpha, a true form of presentation and submission in the eyes of their second nature. With a heavy gaze through a fan of lashes, he stared coyly at his captor hovering above him, all muscles and brute strength, beckoning the Alpha to him.
A ghost of a smile appeared on the Alpha’s face, soft and tender, unlike any other Alpha he had seen today. It eased the tension in chest and shoulders, and Anthony slumped further into the furs that offered him much warmth during his quiet slumber.
Eventually, the exhaustion from the past week or so was starting to catch up with him, and his eyes began to droop the longer he tried to wait for the Alpha to arrive. Wrapped in the warm furs that covered the bed, he allowed himself to lay down and close his eyes. And for the first time in many moons, he drifted off into a dreamless slumber.
“Then consider it done, my sweet little prince,” Steven purred, the sound rumbling low from his chest. “I promise that your people will be kept as safe as I keep my own people.”
Steven hummed in consideration, his fingers moving down to dance along the Omega’s jaw and neck, but not asking him to look up. Not yet. “I expect you to be my Omega. And perform all duties associated with such a position,” he answered, measured and careful, leaning in close enough to breathe in the sweet summer breeze, ocean spray, and lavender bushels of his tribute’s scent. He paused, then a breath. “And what do you expect of me, little prince?”
“You know what Tony I Wish You Guy Didn’t Adopt Me!” Peter shouts at him.
Peter looks at Tony “can I?” he asks softly before Tony smiles and nods.
Peter knows what he did to Tony, it’s clear to him that the reason Tony is acting like this is all his fault. He hates himself for it so much that it’s making him sick. Looking at Tony he feels horrible for everything he said to him. If only he had just talked things out with him in the first place.
“Oh jeez Wade why are you being so sappy? It’s like you’re a grandma who is saying goodbye to her grandkids” Jack laughs.
Tony Looks at the Super soldier's changed expression “what’s wrong Stebe?” Tony laughs softly leaning against Steve.
Wade’s father comes through the door “oh great the black widow” he hisses
Peter exits the Elevator with Tony to the common area, Wade looks over from his game and smiles “Peter do you want to come play with me?!” He asks looking at the two.
“Well let’s get ‘em up stairs” the grump directs “He can rest-up up there”
(See the end of the chapter for
“What? What do you mean run away from home?” Wade asks the younger boy.
Peter sighs and leans against Wade “you helped me and that’s all that matters.”
“It’s nice to meet you Weasel, I’m Natasha” the redhead smiles down at him.
“Whoa slow down kid it’s not going anywhere..” Gramps jokes “I guess you can stay here but you have to pull your weight around here; cook and clean for me” he says cutting his pancake.
“I love you too Steve” Tony laughs making his way to the door “clean clothes on the counter” he says before shutting the door.
“Yeah.. what’s your name?” Jack looks around
“Look out small fry I’m going to get you!” Wade laughs.
They move to sit on the couch to talk about how to deal with handling Peter now that he is upset and dialing back on the punishment. Steve also has to make Tony apologize to Natasha and Bruce for how rude he was to them.
“Do you want to play Peter?” Wade asks smiling at the younger boy.
“Look I'm sorry for what I said to you I was in the wrong” Tony says huffing softly “I am sincerely sorry for calling you a bad parent. You’re a wonderful mother and I see that now… will you please forgive me?” Tony gravels to Nat.
“Excuse you?” Nat stands up off the couch.
“I’m fine..” he lies. Wade knows he’s lying.
“Tony I'm so sorry I said that to you, I don't want to be sent back and I am very happy you guys adopted me… You guys are the bestest thing that has ever happened to me”  Peter looks up at Tony as the tears drip down his face “I love you.”
“Sheriff Rogers,” the man introduced himself with a smile. “So you’re finally awake, huh?”
"I-I can do this alone. You don't have to babysit me!" Tony hurriedly grabbed his stuff and started walking into the direction of the river. His face was red and burning. "And don't follow me!"
God, how Tony loved this man.
Of course he had noticed it.
And Steve’s thumbs were caressing his belly. Tony was always self-conscious of his belly. Three pregnancies had left their traces. Small red pregnancy marks were visible beneath his belly button and as much as he liked to pretend that they didn’t bother him, Tony often covered his belly with a towel or a light shirt when the family was at the beach.
“I can’t,” he tried to reason with him, hoping against hope that the man would understand. “That's all I’ve got. Please don’t take-”
Tony held on tightly to the mug that the one-armed man had given him so that his hands stopped trembling. Mead, he mused. It was good. It numbed the pain.
was not the reason why he was so self-conscious around the sheriff.
https://starwars.fandom.com/wiki/Galactic_Senate
But to his surprise most of the group just hummed their approval. Only Clint piped up. “The sheriff’s shirt is a little big on him, but other than that. It’s okay, I guess. At least you don’t attract that much attention with those clothes. Because that gown is, I mean,
This evening, when they were all sitting around a campfire, eating together and exchanging stories would end up becoming the first of many.
“Look. We have guests.” Steve whispered into his skin. The white light from the TV illuminated his fair skin and hair mesmerizingly and his beautiful blue eyes drew Tony in like on the first day they had met. He was all gentleness and protective alpha, his edges soft in the intimacy of the night.
(A jedi trainee. You start with age 3/4 as a Youngling, become a Padawan with age 10/11 and become a Jedi Knight around age 20-25. Becoming a Master needs way more time and experience and is only necessary if you want to become part of the High Council)
“Then come with me.” Breathless the words stumbled from Steve’s lips before he could hold them back. He saw Tony’s eyes widen in shock and surprise but it was too late. And if he was true to himself, then Steve didn’t want to take the words back. He barreled on, summoning all of his courage. “Come with me, Tony. Leave this place behind and join us. Live with us among the stars, away from the Hutts, away from the seclusion… Live with me after we finished this mission.”
.” Tony answered and raised his leg to wrap it around Steve’s waist. He could feel the other man’s arousal through the fabrics of their costumes.
“No, we’re not peddlers,” Natasha agreed. “We’re the lawmen of our hometown. James, Sam and Thor are deputies. Bruce is too, but he’s also a doctor and prefers his stethoscope over a colt.”
Tony smiled at their kids and Steve pulled him a bit tighter into his arms. Tony could feel his relief over their bond.
(Droids, R2D2 is probably the most famous astromech)
https://starwars.fandom.com/wiki/Order_66
“He couldn’t just leave him where he found him. He’s injured and was unconscious. Hey, don’t look at me like that.”
"What did you say?!"
“Unfortunately it’s not that easy, jellybean.” Tony petted her wet hair. “Imagine that Peter tells the person that he’s in love with that he cares for them. And then they say that they don’t care for your brother in return. Wouldn’t that make Peter really sad?”
Tony's dark hair was longer than he remembered it being, the first tiny wrinkles at the corners of his eyes were visible and he now had a complicated looking goatee which accentuated his strong jaw perfectly. He had aged over the course of the last five years, but Steve supposed that he'd changed a lot as well. Still, Tony was as beautiful as on the first day Steve had met him and suddenly the longing and the feelings the former Jedi had buried deep inside of his heart were bubbling to the surface. Fear and sadness melted away and before Steve knew what he was doing, he was pulling the shorter man into his arms while a shuddering breath escaped his lips against his will.
“Daddy! Peter hurts! That’s not funny!” Morgan threw a handful of foam at her fathers, who tried to catch their breath again.
“Okay,” Steve agreed with a lazy smile and one raised eyebrow. “I’ll need something greasy and unhealthy after this. I can already feel it.”
Next to Peter was Harley, wearing his green PJs and only one sock. He snored quietly and held tightly onto Peter’s side. He had brought his favorite blanket with him, which was draped over the two brothers. And on the other side was Morgan, sleeping with her head in Steve’s lap. She had a death grip on her Tsum Tsum plushie and Steve gently carded his fingers through her soft hair.
“Tony,” he told her, not yet trusting her with his surname. “Just Tony. And you are?”
Peter had stayed with his aunt Pepper that night, because his parents had had very parents-y things to,
“Oh, no, Steve, darling… I love you so much for taking care of our baby boy when I wasn’t home. You're a great father. Really, you are. But… you really should have left that to me, honey, no offense.” Tony wrapped his arms around his pouting husband’s waist and pressed a sweet kiss to his chin and his strong neck. “Steve, darling, let’s be real. JARVIS showed me the video. You used a salad bowl to give our son a bowl cut. Peter looks like a tiny version of John Lennon.”
"You can close your eyes for a while. It's gonna take some time until we reach the outskirts of the forest," Rogers told him quietly. His deep voice was like a lullaby. "Don't worry. I'll make sure that you won't fall."
sorry for the wait!! RL is a bitch...
“Daddy, come on!” His daughter looked at him from within the tub. Her wet hair was already plastered to her forehead and she waved a hand at him to hurry up. “You are sooo slow!”
James nodded at his companion. “I don't trust you, Tony," James stated. The blunt comment made Tony blink, but he was glad that James didn't beat around the bush. Tony could deal with that. "But the sheriff found you and I trust him. And you don’t exactly look like a criminal or a peddler either. So, what happened to you?”
Only Steve was allowed to see them. And his alpha loved them. At those times when Tony was feeling insecure, he would kneel before him and kiss them.
“No way, I can come again. And I want it, Steve, I want you,” Tony told him stubbornly and proceeded to feel for Steve’s huge dick behind him. Steve wanted to gently protest again, not wanting to accidentally hurt Tony when he was clearly on his way to overstimulation. But before he could say anything else, Tony had rightened himself and the tip of Steve’s cock brushed over Tony’s entrance when he lifted himself up. It made the blonde gasp, and Steve tried to give Tony’s spent dick as much attention as he was currently able to summit, hoping to get him to full hardness again, so he could enjoy what would follow now.
Kyper Cristals
Tony’s first pregnancy had been rather difficult, mentally and physically. Back then many people from their circle of friends and acquaintances had advised them to get an abortion. Tears had been shed and a lot of ice cream had been eaten, but Tony and Steve had decided to keep their child, no matter what. They had decided to become a family.
“But we don’t want Peter to hurt.” Harley whispered into Steve’s arm. “Love is stupid!”
He’d tried to talk Nat into doing it, but she’d hastily excused herself. Clint had actually offered to help, just like Thor, but those two were absolutely useless when it came to anything that wasn’t destroying DoomBots or Mario Kart. Steve might trust them with his life, but not with his son’s haircut. He’d politely but decidedly declined.
An incredibly soft smile grazed Tony’s lips. The omega snuggled closer to his alpha, purring softly, and their love washed over him like a gentle wave. Steve pressed another kiss to the top of his head.
Steve let his gaze secretly wander over the scenery as he quickened his pace. Never before had he seen a more wretched hive of scum and villainy. And he had been on more ugly planets in his life than he could count. Tusken Raiders and Jawas were lurking in the shadows, slaves and their owners were strolling through the streets. Various alien and humanoid races were here, as well as the occasional Stormtrooper on his patrol.
“I’d always go out of my way to help a friend, Tony,” Jan added, and reached out for his hands. “Especially you.”
They got to enjoy their hug for about a minute before Victor asked, “Are you always this touchy-feely?”
"What? I can't understand you, jellybean? Did you say my beard itches?" Tony grinned and rubbed his chin over her neck to make her laugh.
Steve remembered that Tony had been very young -barely twenty-two- when he took over the position as the CEO of his late father's weapons company, ten years ago, before the political conflict escalated into the clone wars. He himself had been merely a Jedi Youngling back then. Steve had known Tony for half his life and even though their upbringings were so different from each other, the two had become friends after a kind of rocky start.
The red fabric was already thin and it was a bit worn from many intense snuggling sessions. But Morgan loved it. Everyone of their children had one of those Tsums. Morgan liked to drag hers along to preschool. Harley kept his Captain America Tsum in his bed all the time. And Peter's was sitting on his windowsill next to his potted plants, after he'd claimed that he was too old for plushies. Seeing them always brought a smile to Tony's lips. Tony vividly remembered the moments when Steve had gifted the Tsum Tsums to their newborn children, when he had visited Tony in the labor and delivery unit of the hospital over the years.
Tony laid on the floor of the train and tried to catch his breath. His stomach churned. The train was still moving and the last few minutes played on an endless loop in his head. It took him a long time until he calmed down enough to be able to sit up properly without feeling like he might heave out his guts any second.
Just like the silicone fake boobs.
"...yeah, it was," the other agreed, a bit breathless. His voice was rough and the brunet licked over his reddened lips. His dark eyes were nearly black and their gazes locked. In the back of his mind, Steve noted how wet his thighs had grown from Tony's own steadily leaking arousal. But then Tony placed the tip of his index finger softly on the slit of Steve's dick's head, but it was also decisive. "I want it, Steve, I want that thing inside of me."
Tony's primal instincts wanted to purr at the promise of an alpha keeping him safe, but... "I'm not tired…" he protested weakly.
An hour later, the selfie Peter had taken with his parents kissing in the background, had cracked his personal record and was trending on twitter.
Tony took the reins of the horse, trying to figure out what he was supposed to do with it. Before he could ask, the sheriff stepped aside and went to another horse. Tony turned around and saw how all of the group members started mounting their horses and he and the sheriff were the only ones left standing.
“Well, neither do I. And I already gave him something to drink. Leave me out of this. I was against it from the beginning.”
“Hey, darling.” Tony laid his wet cheek on Steve’s equally wet thigh with a smile. “Do you want to hop in? I’m sure we have some space left in here.”
It wasn't that Steve hadn't noticed it before, because he had, he wasn't stupid after all. He just hadn't paid that much attention to it up until now, when he and Stark had been nothing but teammates and frenemies, men who were forced to work together but still tried to rile each other up as much as possible. But now that the team had started living together in Tony’s tower (this hadn’t been Steve’s idea, God forbid!) this whatever it was between them… it had shifted. And now Steve couldn't not notice it everywhere.
“Hi. And you're who exactly again?” Clint grinned at them and crossed his arms over his chest. “Hey, Tash, did you see that just now?”
“The senate wanted me to inform them about the new gunship for the clone troops, since the fighting in the outer rim is getting heavier from day to day.” Swallowing hard, Tony's voice lost its cheery tone for a moment before he collected himself again. “And since I'm already here, I thought I'd pay a quick visit to my two favorite Force users, Master Jarvis and you. Now tell me, are the rumors true? Will you become a Jedi Knight? Your Master speaks highly of your skills. He told me you proved yourself worthy in many battles against the Separatists and that you have a strong connection to the Force.”
“Get down!” Steve yelled and let go of Tony’s neck. He shoved the mechanic down so he was half laying on the ground behind the workbench and grabbed the lightsaber on his belt.
“What?” Tony gasped. The omega’s voice was rough and he struggled to breath. This was impossible. Peter had been fine just that morning! “What are you talking about, Harley?”
https://starwars.fandom.com/wiki/Zabrak
He was pulled from his thoughts when the sheriff suddenly stopped, and he bumped into the alpha’s back. It was like walking into a wall. Tony stumbled backwards and rubbed his aching nose.
Tony blinked at the two and his mouth opened so his lips formed a small “o”. Then he looked up to Steve again and searched his eyes for help. But the alpha was just as stumped for an answer as Tony was. Tony looked at the children again and tried to find the right words. He certainly did not expect to have to answer that particular question so soon.
https://starwars.fandom.com/wiki/Twi'lek
“Papa? Is daddy sleeping?”
(The temple where most Jedi lived during the time of the Republic, it's on Coruscant)
But the point was that Steve genuinely liked Tony. Their size difference was only a nice added bonus, a little extra, that just pushed certain buttons. Okay, okay, he could admit it. So maybe Steve really liked how much smaller than him Tony was, how easy it would be for Steve to just throw the brunet over his shoulder and have his way with him.
https://www.marveltrumpshate.com/
Little did he know then, that he'd never make it to their dinner.
Tony stared at the proffered hand in front of him. The offer was tempting. But Tony was a proud omega, and accepting a foreign alpha’s help -even if he was married- was embarrassing. He shook his head. "Thank you, but I'd rather not. This- this is not decorous."
“Filthy bitch! I’m gonna teach you some manners!” The man roared and moved to grab Tony again, but the alpha intervened.
“Yeah, it is.” Steve raised one hand to Tony’s neck and carded his fingers through his short hair, relishing the fact that he could do that now. He knew that telling Tony their next destination was dangerous, but dangerous was also the planet in itself where they would be going. It was no use to hide it from Tony.
His mate’s scent filled his nose. Morgan and Harley seemed to smell it as well and they snuggled both a bit closer to their parents, recognizing the scent as
But Rogers…he smelled so different. It was a scent that Tony wanted to explore, to breathe in and to taste on his tongue. He wanted it to fill his nose and lungs. It was a forbidden wish, a taboo. The golden ring on the sheriff’s hand told him that he had a mate waiting for him at home.
“Do I have to remind you who’s responsible for this whole… situation?” Steve whispered and nervously looked around the waiting room, where other young mothers were sitting, some with huge baby bumps and some with carriers. They had all looked at the gay pair a little awkwardly when they’d first entered the room.
Morgan and Harley looked at each other with big eyes. Both of them had foam in their hair and faces. Their daughter had a death grip on the rubber ducks she called her own and Harley clutched his diving goggles to his small chest. Their staring contest lasted for all of a minute before they looked back at Steve and Tony, determination glinting in their eyes.
“What’s wrong, Rogers? Tired already? Where’s that famous Captain America cockiness now?” Tony panted. His face was only a few inches away and from this angle Steve had a perfect view of his lithe body. The white muscle shirt he was wearing was growing transparent with his sweat and Steve could see the pink of Tony’s nipples. They looked so tiny.
The next morning on Tatooine found Steve tired and weary, but also happy and content.
“He’s dead to the world. Not even the Hulk could wake him now.” Steve welcomed him in his embrace after Tony had closed the bedroom door quietly behind him. They were both wearing fluffy bathrobes over their PJs.
Steve and the rest of the team were already used to his weird speaking pattern. The big hunk of a man was the last to join their team and probably the weirdest one among them. He'd once told them that he was about 1500 years old, had fled from his home planet Asgard when his brother betrayed him and stole his throne, to search the galaxy for his sacred weapon, which had apparently gotten lost in the war between the brothers. By the time when Bruce brought him to the team he'd just retrieved his hammer. It had a weird name, that none of them could pronounce correctly.
“I hope this doesn't explode in our faces! I still don't trust that mechanic.” With a kick Clint opened the heavy iron door to the workshop, when they arrived back to the little port some time later. It slammed into the next wall and Steve slipped through the gap before the door came back crashing into his face.
They let Peter eat in silence and got sucked into the movie that was on. Peter had decided and they were unsurprisingly watching
Tony sat up a bit straighter and swallowed. No wonder the woman had made him shiver. “And- and who are you hunting?”
“Both.” Tony smiled and yawned. He rolled over to lay on his side and rubbed a hand over his face. Then he just looked at Steve. The blanket pooled around their hips and Steve let the fingers of his free hand wander down Tony’s naked side until they reached the fabric.
(See the end of the chapter for
“I knew it!” Clint exclaimed from behind them. “Bucky, you owe me 20 bucks!”
Tony stared at the two most important people in his life for another second before he burst into laughter. The engineer had to hold onto the wooden door frame so he wouldn’t just collapse. His cheeks and belly hurt from laughing so much and tears were streaming down his face. Steve snickered tiredly at his husband, loving hearing Tony laugh so freely and easily.
"Don't believe everything the media tells you," Steve murmured and turned his head around to kiss Tony's palm, "isn't that exactly what you've taught me before?" He gently squeezed Tony's balls for good measure while pushing his finger a bit deeper inside his partner's hole. Steve knew he was playing dirty with that move, but he wanted to see Tony all wrecked and disheveled, wet and blissed out, and he was going to use every trick he knew to give Tony the orgasm of his life.
Or rather, the problem at head.
“Yeah. It is.” Steve hummed and inhaled Tony’s scent deeply. He nosed at his hairline and littered his skin with small kisses. Tony couldn't suppress the quiet purr that escaped him at Steve’s content growl. It filled him with happiness.
It took Tony a few seconds to respond to the sudden action but once he'd caught up with him, he was returning the hug fiercely. “Steve! Fuck! You're alive! Steve, you're alive! And you're here and- Steve, I thought you were dead! I thought I'd lost you when they- when they were… and then you...”
Outer Rim: edge of the known galaxy
"Oh," Rogers blinked at him. He scratched his neck and stood up. Tony thought he might have imagined a red hue to his fair cheeks. "I guess we didn't think of that. Sorry… There's a river nearby where you can wash up and change. We passed by it when you were still sleeping. I can show you the way if you want me to."
“Yup!” Morgan confirmed with a grave nod. “Can we visit him in the hospital? We can bring him jello!”
“Steve? Steve Rogers? This can't be true…” The man -Tony- gasped and gripped his hand a bit tighter. Steve let his eyes wander over his dearly missed friend's face.
“Love is when you care for someone a lot.” Steve took over from Tony. His chin was still pressed to Tony’s wet hair and he had his fingers interlaced over Tony’s belly. “I love your daddy. And your daddy loves me. We love you, Harley, and we love your sister, Morgan. And we also love your brother, Peter. We care for you. A lot. You are the most important people in my life. In our lives.”
. It was a family favorite.
The larger man was chasing his own pleasure. He had being on the edge of coming ever since Tony had taken him into his mouth. And the brunet gave as good as he got, squeezing down onto Steve, following his thrusts and circling his hips in sync, while his fingers had found Steve’s pecs once again, which he kneaded and touched to his heart's desires.
https://starwars.fandom.com/wiki/Coruscant
The minutes ticked away and the sheer endless forest which they were passing through became boring after a while. The sheriff didn’t talk to the other deputies. He and Tony were the last of the group, and Tony wondered if it was because of him or if Rogers was always this quiet.
"Tony… Tony… are you- are you okay? Tony? Doll?" Steve needed a moment to find his voice again, after the most intense sex he'd ever had. He searched Tony's face for any sign of discomfort but could only find an expression full of satisfaction.
“You can fix this, right, Bruce?” He asked the other man.
Tony wasn’t sure what he’d expected when he’d accepted the marriage proposal, but it definitely wasn’t a gun to his temple.
Tony would be sleeping on the couch for two weeks minimum.
(war between the Republic and the Separatists, Jedi and Clone Trooper against Sith and Battle Droids)
Peter avoided his father's gaze for a short moment and nodded. Tony saw in his stance that he wasn't ready to talk about it yet, so he simply stepped forward, took the wet backpack from Peter and ushered him towards the bathroom. "Go and take a bath or shower, peanut. I'll warm up a plate of pop's spaghetti for you and then you can watch a movie with us if you want. How does that sound?”
They had to be extremely careful. Five people, all of them wanted by the Empire, or various syndicates in Clint's and Natasha's case, with a partly destroyed ship was like an invitation for trouble to come and visit them.
The omega smiled into his tea, pulled the scarf a little tighter around his shoulders, and when he raised his eyes again, he saw the alpha sheriff looking at him from across the fire. Their gazes met for a long heartbeat, before Rogers raised his mug slightly and smiled at Tony tentatively.
The alpha kissed him tenderly. It was light as a butterfly and yet deeper than the ocean. Years had passed and with every moment they shared, less words were needed between them. The words they did use held a meaning more truthful than anything.
https://starwars.fandom.com/wiki/Mirialan
“You ask him.”
Tony stopped again and hung his head while he waited for the others to stop laughing. In the end he just followed the group into the hopefully right direction. Soon the others had found their pace and started talking idly with each other. Tony was the last of the group and couldn’t understand what they were talking about, but frankly, he also didn’t care much.
“...Okay, I’ll ask him.”
Tony shuddered when his fist closed around his member. “S-Steve, don’t… ‘m gonna co-” Tony gasped and spasm on top of him. His eyes were screwed shut, a blissed out expression on his face. Every muscle in his body seemed to tense up for a moment and Tony’s mouth hung slightly open. With a choked-off moan he came all over Steve’s hand and his abs. With his own fingers still shoved inside of him, Tony slowly came back, shivering slightly.
Bruce walks over to his wife and states at the boy “who’s this?” he points down to the boy.
He has a feeling that something would happen if he didn't get to his room as fast as possible. Steve and Tony worry about him of course he knows they do, they check on him everytime he bolts to his room. They ask him if everything is alright and he tells them he’s tired. He’s lying of course because after they leave him alone he stays up all night. He hasn’t slept for about a week now, his body just won’t let him sleep. He’s to scared. That’s why tonight is the same as every night before.
“They call me Gramps or Pops, but my name is James” he sets a plate of food on the table “come eat” he orders
Jack Hammer runs for his life only to end up on the ground.
Peter sits in class ignoring everyone around him, he doesn't answer when anyone tries to talk to him. He’s just absent as he sits in his class. He does all the work asked of him but while he’s doing all of this an aching fear rolls through his body. What if Steve and Tony get divorced and they both don’t want him anymore? He’ll have to go back into the system and he’ll lose Wade… Wade is one of the most important people in his life he can’t lose him with everyone else.
Steve and Tony  leave, leaving the class to do as it pleases. The teacher introduces Peter to the class, kids seem to already want to be his friends. Gwen introduces herself to him after he sits back down and Mary Jane is on the other side of him.
It has been back and forth all over the place for Peter and Tony just doing thing together to help mend the damage they both have caused. Tony can’t seem to apologize enough for his own sake and Peter accepts it every time. Peter does little things for tony like make cute little trinkets that Tony has made a shelf for. Tony whenever he’s out he buy’s Peter a new stuffed animal that reminds him of one of the avengers that Peter cleared off his dresser for.
Astonishment crosses Bruce’s face when he takes off the makeshift bandages off, Wade’s injuries have completely healed “what is the meaning of this?” he asks the eight year old.
Peter stares at Wade “Wade are we friends?” he asks
Tony pulls out his phone and speed dials Pepper. He waits for the female voice to answer her end of the line “Pep prepare the hounds” his voice is flat and dull.
“The boyfriend of my foster mom burnt me with cigarettes” Peter says dully finishing up the eggs.
Tony gasps as if his pride was hit by a bus “We are not getting a minivan!” he argues, his pleas of course will go unheard because they were definitely getting a minivan.
Detention isn't that bad, all he has to do is sit there and do math. Peter can’t help the giddy feeling he has when he does math, it makes him think of Tony. Tony makes him happy. When he thinks of Tony he thinks of Steve, who he adores. Steve is like a mom to him, well as much as Steve can be like a mom.
“Isn't that spousal abuse?” Steve looks back at the redhead.
The rest of the day goes pretty fast for the two boys, Peter does his work and Wade sleeps during class. Nat comes to pick them up after school gets out. They go home and get ready for their great escape.
Bruce leaves the lab through a different door. Now is Peter’s chance to talk to Tony. Now he can make things right and everything can go back to being happy. Hopefully. Peter walks into the lab and clears his throat, Tony looks in the direction of the sound and is shock to see Peter.
He sits in the “Learning Room” and ‘reads’ a book that his father has selected for him to read. All he knows about this book is that it’s about how to cut people up and remove organs. Something a kid really shouldn’t be reading, he thinks to himself, “what do you mean something a kid shouldn't be reading? This stuff is great!” the voices in his head start talking again “Shut up!” Wade shouts at nothing. He throws the book at the wall as if it will help to make the voices stop talking. His dad though walks through the just as the book hit the wall.
“And why’s that Peter? Did you do something you’re not proud of?” Steve looks at Peter as he starts to unpack the bag.
“That’s cuz you're old!” Thena sing-songed, giggling. Steve laughs at Thena’s comment.
She finds the two boys and stares at Wade “ what happened to you?”
The two men shot up, which was the worst idea ever, as the two doubled over holding their heads groaning in pain, Peter got his answer. He was going to be making breakfast just like at his foster home… just like all his other foster homes.
The two wave good-bye and make their way to the car.
“Well if you’re so worried about what’s wrong then we should be spending more time together as a family” Steve sends a glare towards Tony.
“You work at a bar now?” He sounds amazed “isn't that against child labor laws” he laughs.
“Um miss I don't remember your name” he watches her  as she trades him papers.
It seems to be the time of the year to start wearing sweaters again in New York City, Steve Rogers was out for his daily run in Central Park. Steve was starting to feel the cold bite at his nose as he made his third lap around the park and his boyfriend, Tony Stark. He loved that man more than his own life and of course he would give his life to that stubborn, egotistical, jackass of a man.
Peter gets off the elevator to his floor only to hear fighting from his Dads’ room. He walks the way of their shared room.
Tony finally got away from the two of them for a minute. It’s not like he can help it, the love of his life and now this adorable kid are tag teaming to get what they want. It’s bad enough that Tony has to pay for all the damage the Avengers cause while saving the world.
Peter rushes over to the couch to sit next to Wade. Wade hands him a controller and sets up the game for two player. Peter tries to beat Wade with strategy while Wade is just mashing buttons. The game isn't too bad just a first shooter where they kill NPC’s or each other. Right it’s each other.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Peter is then in the hands of the man behind him and he finally got a good look at him. Blonde and blue eyed, and very angry. “Peter!” his name came from none other than both of his dads as they started searching for him.
Tony stands outside of Peter’s room, he holds his breath as he knocks on the door “hey buddy I’m coming in” he says softly.
Peter lightly hits Wade “Shh! No I’m not!” he huffs laughing.
Three hours…
“I’m Wade.. it’s nice to meet you” he laughs a little but it hurts.
They drive into the parking lot, Tony finds a parking space. Steve helps get Peter out of the car, Peter holds onto his hand and reaches for Tony’s “you can’t let go because I don’t want to get left here.” Peter states dryly at the two men.
Thor was planning on having a ‘parting party’ before he left for Asgard, so Steve wanted to shower before heading down to the common area of the tower. Tony wanted to change into something a little more comfortable for home seeing as he wasn't going anywhere for the rest of the day. The two went the separate ways to the bathroom and the bedroom.
“I need to go say sorry to him” Peter says before blotting out the door.
Wade and Peter laugh as they play their game. Tony rummages through the fridge  for something to eat, no luck just fruit. He sighs and decides to go with an apple, at least he can stand apples. He turns to watch the kids as he closes the door to the fridge. A chuckle escapes him as he sees how happy Peter and Wade are together.  This is how a family should be.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Jack jumps off the bar stool and sneaks over to the table. “Hi can I take your order?” he asks staring at the kid who is looking at the women.
“Why don't you go explain what happened to you to Tony and Steve?” Nat asks softly.
“Okay well I didn't want to intrude” Jack says fidgeting
“Look at the bad boy of the class” another voice giggles.
“Because I don't want you hanging out with this trouble maker who isn't even disciplined” Tony glares at Wade.
“She has don't worry” Tony says smiling at the two of them.
“He was beaten by his dad” Peter adds
“Well that means you can train him to be an assassin like you” he suggests
Tony has finally done the worst thing possible… He’s become his father.
“Wade what did I tell you about throwing the learning material?” his father’s voice is harsh.
“You're so lucky, I'm so happy for you Wade!” Jack says pulling away from him “I've got it good here too, Gramps is really good to me”
“As many as I’ve had.. I've never had a good foster family before” he says eating the food he cooked.
He presses the buttons harder than he has ever before, he has only one person on his mind right now so he needs to get to him as fast as possible. The elevator wait is agony as the tears just keep on falling from his eyes. There is the jolt of the elevator stopping and the doors finally open.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
“I know, look here you got me, Stebe, Wade, Nat, and Bruce, and everyone else. We’re going to take care of you, we’ll love you for you, and we’re always going to be here for you. I know you feel like this is only temporary but Peter it’s not you’re stuck with us” Tony chuckles poking the back of Peter’s head.
“Why didn't you tell me you got hurt” Wade pulls up Peter’s sleeves to look at his elbows. “Oh yeah that’s bad… we gotta tell Steve.. He’s more reasonable anyways…” Wade laughs softly at his joke.
Peter nods yawning a little as his eyes flutter closed. Tony and Steve chuckle lightly before they settle in for the night.
Natasha walks out and looks at Wade “You're suspended Wade which also means you’re grounded” she sighs, her voice thick with disappointment.
“Oh don’t worry about it kid Natasha was just telling me all about how everyone has been” Bucky says gesturing to Natasha “I’ve been really busy and she was telling me how a couple of our friends adopted a kid and got married it’s all super funny” he laughs.
Wade's father stands to the side “take him he's trash anyways”
Steve looks back at Peter, seeing him crying he automatically thinks it’s because of the cursing and violence “Yeah sure buddy I’m sorry you had to see that.” he quickly swoops Peter into his arms giving him a quick kiss on the head “you should go get Tony I’ll take care of this guy really quick.” He says setting Peter down.
“Why the hell would I kick out a kid of like 7-9 years old without anywhere to go?” Gramps asks offendedly
“You don’t now?” Wade still won’t let up on the confusion
Peter runs to his room trying to avoid the only men in his life he looked up to. He wants nothing to do with them right now because they won't even listen to his side of the story all they care about is how bad “he” made them look. He puts a chair under the doorknob to keep them out of his room.
Nat laughs before kissing his cheek “never you’re all the man I’ll ever need~”
“Wade! That’s not appropriate language” peter says hitting him a little harder.
“Are you going to do test on him?” she lets go of her concern
“No I got adopted by really good people” Peter’s smile widens “I’m so happy now with them they take great care of me and I feel so loved”
“Oh well I guess I need to step up my game so I don’t lose you to the first person who offers you a ring” Tony jokes laughing.
“Right because I have to make sure my Captain America gets his daily exercise in freezing cold weather” Tony grumbles to himself.
“Well you seem to know my name so it’s a pleasure to meet you Peter” Steve smiles at the kid “what happened to your arm?” he asks
“No please don’t leave me… not like everyone else” Peter pleads.
Peter runs towards Tony who is now running into the store “Tony!” Peter calls to him, Peter gets picked up once again “Steve punched a guy” he tells.
“Peter!” Tony looks at the boy offendedly
Steve quickly finishes his shower so he can get dressed. Tony was already down in the Common area waiting for Steve, Thor was holding his daughter on his shoulders bouncing her up and down. Jane is just  happy to hear the laughter. The thought of having a family with Steve pops into Tony’s head oh how much he wants to have a son or daughter with him. They could move out of the city and go to the countryside they would be the cool family that lives on the countryside.
“Well we're going to have to get you new glasses then aren't we?” Steve laughs softly.
The door bursts open to reveal a very angry Tony “Peter Why Did You Have To Start A Fight?!” he yells before walking briskly way “You have detention for a week.”  he says a bit calmer.
“I’m scared” Peter whimpers into his chest.
“I ran away after the attack” Jack explains not wanting to pull away from Wade.
Peter opens the door “what do you need sir?” he says looking up at the man.
Steve is taken back by the out burst but sighs holding Tony back from chasing after him “Tony listen to me you need to calm down.. Peter was being bullied at school he didn't start the fight and neither did Wade” Steve explains soothingly to Tony.
“What are you planning on getting me for Christmas Tony?” Steve hums in Tony’s ear.
“I see” Wade says going back to his game.
“Peter come on you’re going to your room” Tony calls for the boy.
Jack laughs “Hi Wade” he greets as he returns the hug
“Hey mom… you wouldn't not want me would you?” Wade ask as he sits up at the counter.
“Thank you Gramps” Jack smiles at the older man.
Steve smiled, taking the cup that Tony offered, and clinked their glasses before they began to drink.
“Stuff.” He doesn't care.
“Thor please don’t break my boyfriend please” Steve’s voice breaks through the room. Tony can’t seem to get his head on straight anymore and wraps his arms around Steve.
Steve puts the one with puppies back and puts the other two in the cart and picks up the little boy and holds him against his side. They make their way around the store putting things in the cart here and there when the voice of a man calls out.
“No these are old I need new ones.” Peter explains.
“Oh sorry… are you okay?” Wade asks looking at Peter.
Jack sat there listening to the stories about what has happened recently to a kid named Peter and him. Peter sounds really important to Wade just like he used to be, Jack just smiles and nods before talking about all the things he’s done so far.
“That’s cool, what are you interested in?” He’s trying.
“Is that little Peter?” he says looking at the boy and Steve “dude you got a nasty little handful right there that kid is satan spawn!”
“I must've done something wrong because Steve said he didn't want this life with me in it…” Peter whimpers.
“Careful Black Widow I might think you’re flirting with the good ol’ Cap here~” Bruce walks in from the elevator.
“Guess we'll have to talk to both of them then.” Steve sighs.
“No I was pulled from school a week ago for telling on my foster mom” he says looking out the window.
“Come on worry wort we gotta get the eagle to point B” Tony jokes as he grabs his car keys.
“No he’s just think about how he used to be shoved into lockers when he was in school” Tony teases as he makes his way to the bed.
“How about after we get dressed we go to the park? Would you like that Peter?” Steve changes the subject hoping to ease the tension he caused.
Peter looks at Tony his heart shattering into little pieces. “Why can't you just listen for a minute yourself… your husband is trying to tell you something and you won't even hear my side of the story like him.. “ Peter says softly.
“Six.” He is indifferent.
Wade looks sadly at him before smiling back at his mom “let’s go mom I wouldn't want to be late.”
Once the doors are open he finds Bruce with Wade, Bruce is showing Wade how to fix a toaster for some odd reason… Maybe Bruce broke a toaster. “Um.. Bruce, Wade… I need t o apologize to you for the things I said…” Tony says to the man and the boy.
“I thought you guys didn't want me anymore” Peter says in a hushed tone.
Steve grins at the nickname “it’s nothing, I was just thinking about how Natasha and Bruce, Thor and Jane are all married” he confesses
“Oh you poor thing..” the female voice moves closer.
“Is he laughing at me” Peter points at Steve huffing.
The boys run off to go tell Peter’s dads that he’s home if they weren't off beating up Hydra members. Bruce looks around the floor for his wife “Natasha?” he calls for the redhead.
Steve takes his words by surprise “wait you want to have a kid?” Steve asks “why all of a sudden?” he kisses Tony’s temple.
Wade and Jack were like old times the best of friends, they’ll be friends forever while that bratty Peter will weasel his way in. Jack will be happy just as long as he can always have Wade by his side. Wade will be happy as long as Peter and Jack never leave him.
“Oh honey I will always want you, you’re such a good kid” Nat says “what would make you think I wouldn't want you?”
“Peter fixed me up” Wade says
“M.J. he’s not a bad boy just look at his glasses, bad boys don’t have glasses” Gwen tells the other girl.
Peter nods “it’s because he loves me” his voice is quiet as the gears in his head start to turn.
Wade groans as he rolls over knocking Peter onto the floor “whaaa! Ow!!” Peter shouts.
“I hate you, you know” Tony huffs taking the lead pulling Steve with him.
“If this happens again in the future I get to kick your ass Stark” Nat says waving him off “yes I’ll forgive you this time now leave me alone.”
Steve smiles leaning his head on Tony’s “I think that is a wonderful idea but it’ll have to wait a little longer.”He says leaving Tony’s side to say goodbye to Thor, Jane, and Thena.
Steve strongly believes that Peter and Tony were both in the wrong, but at least Tony was going to try to fix it, Peter is to scared to fix it. Of course he’s scared. Fear isn’t going to help anything, strength and reasonability are what’s going to help this family become stronger.
“I only pull my weight, the owner took me in” Jack points over at Gramps
“Um.. nothing Peter is just going through something right now and it just got me worried is all” Wade says trying to avoid giving up to much to her.
“Not now Tony…” Steve says brushing off the flirtation. Flirting won’t make him forget being left out.
“Come on you two we’re going to be late” Bruce says walking in on the two.
Letting out a sigh Steve makes his way to Peter’s room, he need to let that poor boy know that he is loved and wanted by both him and Tony. A short knock on the door is graced with silence as Steve waits for the okay to come in. The door opens with Peter holding his suitcase all packed and ready to go. The pain of knowing why it’s packed hits him harder than he thought possible.
“What why?” Peter asks confused.
“Stay here for a minute doll, I’m going to get Pops” he says opening the door again.
Something inside Natasha broke and she could feel motherly instincts kicking in “well now you're both coming home with me” she says “first let's go find your dad”
Tony walks over to the couch to see Peter sitting next to Wade “So You Don’t Discipline Your Kid? No wonder he’s starting fights with mine.” Tony says rudely.
“Well that’s wonderful.” She smiles back down at him.
“Steve and Tony are gonna end up getting divorced I've seen it happen before I’m going to go back into the system… I can’t lose you Wade I need you” Peter says tears welling up in his eyes.
“Good for him maybe he’ll have a girlfriend in a week” Tony teases back.
“Um. How do you do,” Tony said to the crowd after a moment, because they were hopefully going to be his neighbors soon, and he wanted to get off on the right foot with them. He remembered what Jarvis had always said—that giving off the first impression of being polite was never the wrong decision. (Another part of him remembered Ana’s whispered addendum, that it was better for people to underestimate him as a quiet omega.) He was pleased when he was met with a few cheerful ‘how do you do!’s in return.
Jan smiled back at him, then smacked Tony’s arm with the back of her hand. “Leave.”
Tony read the letter over and considered inking out the entire sentence, but… it was the truth, after all. He did want Steve to be comfortable with him. And maybe he wanted Steve to know that, even if it
“You’re expected at the party,” Obadiah continued. “You can't just not show up!” He grabbed at the blankets to pull them off.
“Aunt Agatha enjoys being scandalized, so it wasn’t an accident that I made you sound like a tart,” Victor deadpanned. “Also, if she’s scandalized it’ll help her remember it. She’ll even make up her own details, and since they’re made up, they’ll all be wrong, and Janice and I will just agree with them.
“We’re not five anymore, Jan,” Tony said, but he was fighting a smile. “I’m not a big crybaby who needs to be protected anymore.”
Hank entered a few moments later, looking quite put out. “Jan, I didn’t know you had a friend with you. I’ll leave—”
“Oh, Tony, honey,” Jan sighed, hugging him back tightly.
“Ah,” Jim said, flustered. “Well, I don’t—he’s… okay? I guess? He’s an alpha with a face. That’s… that’s him.”
“Baby,” Ana teased again, then pulled the pillow up just enough to press a kiss to his forehead. “Rest, dear.”
Tony squirmed uncomfortably before deciding Hank probably already knew, since Jan had said that Hank hated what was happening to him too. “I… I don’t have any money to go shopping, Jan.”
Tony glared down at his lap, bottom lip beginning to jut out in a pout as Jarvis and Jan began to laugh as well.
last year and anyone worth their solitaires will know it. And here are some new slacks.”
“Jan!” Tony exclaimed, frowning, and took a step toward her. He hadn’t seen her this angry in a long time. He hoped he remembered what to do to calm her down.
“Darling, he doesn’t know anything about you either,” Jan sighed, using her nails to gently scratch over his scalp until he relaxed a little. “All he knows is that you’re an omega, and you have no money, but he doesn’t care about that—he’s just trying to give you all the facts that he can, so you can make an informed decision.”
But like he’d told her, he knew hunger, so rationing his sandwich throughout the trip wasn’t a trial for him.
“It was uncomfortable. It felt like showing off,” Hank added, agreeing.
” he whispered angrily, and so, so helpless.
“But no one else has ever called me ‘Janice,’” Jan said finally. “Surely you must have wondered—”
” Victor gasped suddenly, scandalized, and it actually shocked both Jan and Tony into silence. It was too bad that he was so upset he couldn’t truly appreciate that, because it rarely ever happened.
“I’ll tell Hank he doesn’t need to come, and we’ll be each other’s chaperone. How’s that?” Jan asked after some thought.
Susan winced. “Yes.”
Tony swallowed thickly as he began to fold the letter back up with fumbling fingers and couldn’t help his breath hitching in surprise when something came fluttering off the back of it. “Oh!” He hesitated, then picked up the scrap of paper, fingers trailing over the patch of creamy yellow, like a light smear of lemon chiffon cake. Steve’s looping, lazy scrawl was there, too.
Ana smiled down at him, then quietly asked, “Will you tell me about how you met Steve?”
And that was the thing. Many tributes were given to him either with ulterior motives from their home kingdoms, to appease the Warlord of the North and keep their kingdoms spared, but only few volunteered willingly. And even then, most tributes weren’t part of the royal family themselves. He should have known things were awry when he had gotten word that the Crown Prince was to be his latest tribute from the Southern Isles.
“I… I don’t--”
“Why, you little bitch!” The man backhanded Anthony across the face, sending him back down to the floor with a whimper. In lieu of hitting him again, he grabbed him by the scruff of his neck and pulled him close. Anthony squirmed in his hold, but the man’s grip was strong. “Think twice before you step out of line,
It was odd to hear someone willingly call him theirs. To be possessed by someone who would do anything - even kill his own men - to keep him safe from any harm. To be touched like he was something to be cared for. The Alpha King held him as if he were something precious, just like the jewels that glittered against his tanned skin.
“I promised to protect you. That is my role as your Alpha. If any harm comes your way, that would mean I have failed you. I have failed my Omega.”
A shiver ran up his spine when he heard the low growl vibrate from the Alpha’s throat. And he only heard the name ‘Rumlow’ fall from the man’s lips, before he was leaving the tent with only a fur hastily thrown over his shoulders and his boots carelessly shoved onto his feet.
“I don’t know. My teachers and the books I’ve read--”
“It shouldn’t be coming away on your hands, either,” Jarvis added, sprinkling some more flour onto the dough.
“Let’s go get our punch spruced,” Tony suggested gently, sliding his arm through Jan’s. “And make the rounds before we meet Susan again and gossip about what everyone’s wearing.”
an unrepentantly nosy gossip,” Jan told him seriously. “And by the end of this trip, I’ll know all of your deepest, darkest secrets. And I will keep them for you, of course! But I will know them.”
“—go,” Tony finished lamely. He stared after them for a moment before returning his attention back to the letter Steve had sent him.
heavy, probably. The porter hadn’t looked like he was straining at all when he’d been pushing it earlier. And it was just one trunk! Tony could probably push it by himself. It wasn’t like he was an invalid, or anything. He put his other hand on the cart and went up on his toes so he could orient himself toward the ticket counter, then braced his feet against the floor and began to push.
“Tony,” Jim whispered harshly, putting his hand over the purse so he could block any wandering eyes.
