“She’ll smack your bottom if you’ve been a bad little boy, or a good boy, or girl, whatever floats your boat really” he laughed at John’s stunned face.
“John, you care to weigh in?, even if this stubborn sod thinks it’s okay to go all fucking vigilante on us…and don’t look like that Sherlock, I know you god help me, enough to know when you’re hiding something”.
“It doesn’t matter anyway, that’s over now, done, I’m clean, back in school, playing in a band…and I have a boyfriend” he glanced up, eager to see the reaction to these words. He could see the tension in Victor’s jaw, the hollow of his cheek flexing over clenched teeth.
They stumbled out into the hallway, collapsing back against the wall, John still breathing heavily.
“And so this is where you had in mind, for the dance thing, the video shoot I mean?” he said instead, respectful of Sherlock’s sudden reticence and swiftly changed the subject.
“That was deliberate”.
“Shit…busted” John laughed, but Sherlock could see that he just didn’t care
“Is there a point to all this for god’s sake?” Sherlock had reached the limits of his patience with his brother’s sarcasm and sniping and he had no wish to raise the spectre of Victor Trevor again, not when they had so successfully buried it.
“You should be more careful Master Holmes, a place such as this has many eyes and others may not be so…blind…as I. You are honest lads and it would be a shameful waste of youth and good sense to see either of you hang on Tyburn Hill”.
“He must have been looking for his friend, Sherlock wasn’t it?”
“Nice”, Sherlock said, grimacing at the taste of the bitter drink. He plunked it down on the shelf and the foam spewed up from within, coating his fingers and dribbling down the side of the glass. “Great”, he said, shaking them off in annoyance and wiping them off on the side of his jeans, “Did she give mine a shake on purpose or something?”
“Christ Sherlock, this place is fucking huge, and everyone else is wearing a suit, I feel like such a prat in this” he tugged despondently at the hem of the jumper, which exposed a little more creamy skin at his neck.
Sherlock discovers the delights of the flesh and things will never be the same again.
. Molly smiled shyly at them all as she nervously introduced her friends, Karen, Mary and Gail. Mike just stood there sporting a ridiculous grin as John nodded politely, not taking a word of it in and shifting uncomfortably under their quite blatant stares, checking him out like he was the shiny new toy, competing over who got to play with him first . He felt his blood pressure spike. If this was some sort of set-up Mike Stamford was going to suffer a most painful and horrible death.
“You are the most abominable tease”, I hissed, blushing red as one of the ladies held my gaze.
“Yes….yes I did…alright”
“Except, it’s not fucking over is it?” John seethed
“Then you are a fool”, I ventured, as I tried to sit, and the room turned over upon its end. I promptly lay back down again moaning softly in self-pity and discomfort. I wondered where he had been, feeling shame that in my insensible state I had not heard him leave. But he made no move to tell me, and so I struggled to sit once more, the sheets falling down from my naked body, and John, unconcerned, threw my night-shirt at my head, a garment wholly unfamiliar in all the days I had slept here.
He somehow managed to maintain a thin façade of calm when his thoughts turned to Victor Trevor. Mycroft had befriended him (not a common occurrence for Mycroft), welcomed him into their home, trusted him, and that trust had been betrayed in the most horrific way. It still made Mycroft’s blood run cold to recall the day he discovered that Victor had despoiled his vulnerable, emotionally unstable young brother in their family home. He had taken his innocence, introduced him to a world of perversions, convinced the boy he was in love, that he’d wanted Victor to do those things to him. Mycroft shuddered at the memory of delicate pale skin marred by vicious red welts.
“Ah that’d be the copper that’s shagging yer bruvver?...can’t confirm…but if there was anyone inside I doubt they would’ve stood a fuckin chance”.
Then Mycroft’s voice had oozed down the line (No, dinner was not cancelled, he should still be ready for seven thirty, but until then Sherlock would be on ‘lock-down’, no tv, no computer and no phone. The last he had heard was an indignant voice in the background shouting ‘as if you can stop me, idiot’ and a long-suffering sigh from Mycroft, ‘good day to you John’.
John was distraught, although I was sure he shielded the worst from me, as often when he thought that I could not see him, that he was unobserved, his beautiful face betrayed the deepest sadness and I knew he bore the scars of his estrangement and that it was a heavy burden.
His clothes were scattered in haste at my words, a plea and a challenge both, and so, I had my wish, hot flesh against hot flesh as the last fell to the floor and I saw him, unclothed for the very first. Perhaps he imagined me to have a greater experience than I had told, and perhaps I should have been more fully prepared, but I suspect no fumblings under cover of darkness with Tom would ever have readied me. A strange combination of fear and lust is what I felt, pure and unadulterated for never had I imagined a cock such as this, the largeness of it, that few men could dispute with him. A machine such as this would not simply take my virginity, it would tear it to shreds and shatter my very being. I wanted it. Badly.
, and I can see why too, you’re absolutely filthy child”
John felt the rising tide of anger, bubbling within his chest. How dare she talk about Sherlock like that, address him as ‘that boy’ when they had been in each other’s pockets for the last five years.
“I can’t do this, you win, I’m leaving” he says, exactly one hour after they came in.
from it?
Kate was spared any further involvement in the conversation by the sound of a key turning in the lock, the door opening wide to reveal a tall, wide-set man with close-cropped red hair, dressed for the gym in sweat pants, vest and sports jacket. He rattled a set of car keys in his left hand, gesturing to Elsa, ignoring Sherlock and John.
The only thing he could think to say was, “Fuck”.
Two more pubs and three more drinks later they stood on moderately wobbly legs outside another garish neon sign fronting a three-storey glass confection of a building.
When he was annoyed the language turned, how do you say, colourful, which made Harry’s smile even wider, knowing she had him rattled.
Greg’s eyes caught his in the rear view mirror, quite clearly amused
My heart sank at such a cruel blow as this. I must refuse his advances, of that I was certain, Mrs Turner would never be disposed to go back on her bargain with the esteemed Lord to satisfy the lustful desires of a stripling boy and a novice whore. For that was how he saw me, as one of the house there to satisfy his needs. I did not think the less of him, for in which other way was he to see me?
“Did I hurt you?”, he said after a tranquil few minutes, trailing his fingers up and down Sherlock’s back. “I’m sorry if I did, you know, might’ve got a bit carried away there…but jesus the way you….oh god….that was just…”, he trailed off again, not even sure what he was trying to say. It just had to be something, anything.
John felt a weird twisting sensation somewhere in the region of his lower abdomen.
He looked troubled, staring at the paper as if it were a torment just to hold it in his hand, until finally he sighed, a decision made inside his head, he came and sat beside me on the chaise, perched upon the edge of it as if to take flight at the least provocation. In silence he ran his thumb beneath the seal and the wax split in two, he spread the paper upon his lap, and a few scrawled lines were all I could see as his eyes ran over the words again and again, so that surely he must have read it a dozen times or more before he lifted his head and spoke.
“Hang on, I’ll come with you John”,
“Exactly as I thought” Sherlock continued. “You would sit facing the window, because you like the natural sunlight and you would pretend to get all pissed off about the mess in the kitchen, but you wouldn’t be that annoyed, it would just be an excuse to have angry make-up sex all over the flat”.
Sherlock dropped down on his hands and knees, scanning the floor.
Feet scuffed nervously in the yard, a subtle attempt to catch our attention, and Jim stepped into the light.
He dutifully turned and let John soap his body before directing the spray onto both of them to rinse off. He had to focus now, Billy wouldn’t wait indefinitely and he had been lucky to track him down so quickly this time round. He had probably been in an internet café, but none of them had twenty-four hour opening and they would be closed by now. That would mean Billy would be lost to the rabbit warren of London’s hideaway’s and squats and it could take days to track him down again. Even that wasn’t a certainty, even for him. He hadn’t exaggerated, Billy was clever and more than capable of avoiding even the most ardent of pursuits.
“Can I do this bit”
“Don’t look round, but there’s a short, skinny boy with black hair watching us from behind the horse-chestnut cart”
Now he was going to blow all that.
not…” Sherlock sighed. “He just stole a length of rope from his old school and helped me fix it up in here and…”
“And this is not news to me Sherlock. You know how Mummy feels about…”
“Was she hurt….tell me please”, he pleaded, with a note of desperation, because the thought of any harm befalling Mrs Hudson would hurt just as much in any universe.
He cleared his throat to break the silence, rubbing his hands nervously upon his thighs, “Well aren’t you going to ask where we’re going?” he asked, “Always did have to know the far end of a fart and which way the bloody wind blows”, he added with a grin.
“Doesn’t your family celebrate Christmas then?”
“Are you angry…at me?"
“Hmm…sneaking into each other’s room in the middle of the night, trying not to make the bed creak while I fuck you, letting you bite on my fist because you just can’t stop all the moaning and panting and the gorgeous noises you make when I make you come…I’m looking forward to it”.
The locker room is blessedly empty. I stand before the cracked porcelain sink and frown at what I see in the mirror. It is truth universally acknowledged that I, Sherlock Holmes am rapidly running out of suitable places in which to pierce my flesh with surgical steel.
Sherlock could feel his putrid breath on the back of his neck, hot and disgusting.
“As you wish Sherlock. You will do this for me, or does an extended period of study in France sound appealing?”
Does that surprise you, I wonder. That I'm human - or that I have sex at all?
“He’s right, there is no Doctor and Mrs Watson living here…Mary Morstan on the other hand, is a career assassin, solely responsible for eleven deaths in the past eighteen months, currently residing in Paris awaiting her next assignment from a Mr Moriarty…I do believe you’ve heard of him…. my boss is very pissed off with her, I can tell you”
My room was now strewn with the fruits of our labour, set in piles around the chamber, shipping charts and parchment scrawled with notes I had taken from the record books at customs and excise, names and dates, pages torn from the broadsheets and financial pages laid out in precarious order upon the floor.
He felt guilty and hastened to apologise, “Of course, sorry Mike…I know I’m probably going to be a bit of an annoying prick tonight”
“I know….I still can’t feel my legs….. you really shouldn’t go around wearing such tiny red pants”
“John?”
“Only for a juicy crime scene, the work John, that’s what matters, that, and you are the only things that keep me sane…”
I knew at once that it was not all, there was another wish in his heart, one not for public consumption.
Greg looked from one to the other, forehead wrinkled in confusion, until he put two and two together and made five “I already told him, about the bird thing….Moran and Anderson”
“Yes” Sherlock popped out, flinging the covers back, “a Coke and a Twix, oh and some Quaver’s if they’ve got any, cheese flavour”
Bobby slapped him hard on the shoulder, jolting his arm, and making the beer in his bottle foam up and overflow. Some ran down his hand and soaked his sleeve.
“Why would I demand anything when they’re just going to let me in of their own accord?”
‘You are most perceptive sir’ I said with barely concealed sarcasm as John steered me away and settled us at a secluded table by the fire. The warmth was welcome and the beer uncommonly good.
The night thus far had been a blur of cheap alcohol procured from the back of an ancient white transit van from a cousin of the fly-half James (who'd 'acquired' it from a bloke just out of Strangeways this past Wednesday.) No one actually cared about it's rather dubious origins though. When trying to eke out a student loan until Christmas break you took whatever you could get your hands on, legality be damned. The point was inebriation of the highest order, in the shortest time frame possible and the means was, well, pretty meaningless. And no one partied harder than John Watson, who had garnered something of a reputation of late. In only his second year of a medical degree he had achieved an academic ranking in the top two per cent in the country and was also the youngest rugby captain ever at Queen Mary University of London. High honours indeed. But the accolades did not end there. Not a weekend had gone by so far this term without a different body in his bed by the end of a Saturday night. And sharing a bed with John Watson ensured a bloody good time was had by all. Well it usually did. And that had in fact, been the plan this time, but somewhere along the line, as had happened more and more frequently of late, John was rapidly losing his focus, and his libido along with it. Something just wasn't cutting the mustard lately and he couldn't quite put his finger on what. Well, except he'd put his fingers, plural, on and in quite a lot of things tonight, in an impressive variety of ways, but it really wasn't happening. For either of them.
Perhaps I want to be seen then, to be admired. He does have rather a fetish and I'm only human after all.
"Nothing at all John, and I thought you of all people would appreciate the more conventional means of breaking and entering employed by muggles the world over…..besides, the lock has been protected against counter-charms, this is the only way to get what I want”
“Yes you do…you just tried to steal from me, unsuccessfully I might add, but I could point you in the right direction if you’ll accept my kind offer, that is…so how about it?”
“Where to then, Sherlock?”
Our meeting with Lestrade was at a tavern in Cheapside, a location that I found belied its name. For shops it was unrivalled, an elegant thoroughfare and home to some of the wealthiest merchants in town with fortunes made from silk and linen, from cotton and gold and from silver, rebuilt to full glory at last like a phoenix from the ashes of London’s great fire.
“Now who’s squirming around like a needy little bitch?” John teased, bending over to whisper directly into Sherlock’s ear as he dragged his lubed fingers slowly down the crack of Sherlock’s arse and circled around his tight hole in feather-light strokes.
“I’d prefer something more modern, wide, leather, I like leather, big enough to tuck my legs up when I want to and not feel like they’re sitting under my chin. The chairs would be facing each other, mine facing the kitchen so I could keep an eye on my experiments”.
“My apologies”, he said, breathless from a run down the stairs, “the law is a fickle mistress, and my master a bastard and so you find me at a disadvantage….Sherlock, John…”, he shook our hands heartily, gripped by fingers wide and stocky as the rest of him, his hair a riot of dishwater curls thrown askew by the horsehair wig he wore habitually when in court. But he was amiable company nonetheless, and what he lacked in sartorial charms he would amply make up for in wit and good humour. “We have an addition to our party this evening” he said, blustering and breathless as we made our way up the steep stairs to his rooms, “my aunt has brought her young companion, a Miss Morstan…forgive if I presume you have not yet made her acquaintance?”
“Hmm”, John hummed, “You’re quite the dirty little fuck now aren’t you….where in hell did you come from?”
to hear the little noises John would make.
John spun around “Why the fuck are you still here talking shite?”
The back door closed with a slam which made them both jump. John didn’t need to go back to the kitchen to see what had happened, they hadn’t exactly been trying to keep their voices down. He remembered too late that Sherlock hated hearing arguments, another thing that had made him curl up against John and hide his face in the folds of his jumpers. It was the noise, he had said, it jarred against his ears and made his head feel all ‘swirly and weird’.
Whatever he was going to say was smothered by Sherlock’s mouth as he pushed up against him, crushing them together head to toe, red sticky fluid smeared between them as Sherlock nipped and sucked hungrily, swirling his tongue aggressively. He grabbed a handful of hair at John’s nape and pulled hard, hard enough to elicit a strangled gasp and John’s fingers pressing hard into already deep purple bruises at his hips.
What he did need however, was a fucking cigarette.
“Are you sure, she’s very pretty…for a girl”
Sherlock felt flat. If the object of the exercise had been to show him that John would be miserable without a Sherlock in his life, it had been an abject failure this time. He longed for the solitude of home and the nip of a needle sinking into his arm.
“Oh for god’s sake”
He tried, uncertainly. John had every right to be. He was dating a liar, a fraud, an emotional crippled slutty addict, and what John now knew was only the tip of a disaster movie-sized iceberg.
John knew that she was just lashing out from hurt and embarrassment, but this was going to go no-where fast if they just sat and threw insults at each other. He still liked Sara after all, genuinely, no pretence, but perhaps not in the way that either of them had believed or hoped.
And so, on that fateful night I laid down my first virgin tribute to the goddess Venus at the hands of another of my sex.
She felt quite safe with us you see, with the knowledge that we would never seek to take advantage in that way, for despite the reputation and designs of her mistress she was yet a maid, with a sweetheart, the young lad who delivered the coal twice per week and to whom she was secretly betrothed.
“The maid”, I hissed, “she must not know”.
This had been bubbling under the surface all bloody day after all.
“Well” John whispered, smiling into the curve of Sherlock’s neck “ It might stop you making quite so much noise, don’t you think?.....with your mouth stuffed full of my dick”
“Oh right, Harry told me Sherlock’s done a runner again”
“Where is his limp….did he not serve in this universe?”
“What?” “I said fuck off….I don’t know who the hell Mary is and I’ve never seen you in my life…are you on drugs or something?” he sniffed the air, “Get lost you sad old drunk”
“When we are not alone wear it close to your heart,” John whispered, leaning in closer, “And I in my turn will do likewise. It will satisfy me greatly to know that no eye may look upon it but mine, and that while hidden, it is warmed by the blood and skin beneath your clothes that only I may touch.”
“Making your bed…just for appearance sake”, he added hurriedly seeing the scowl on Sherlock’s face, “I don’t really expect you to sleep on it, that is if you don’t mind bunking up…sorry, it’s a bit small”.
Her arms, to his irritation were flailing around with abandon again as she gestured wildly around the room. She did have a point though, the place was rammed for a Sunday night. And it might have been a laugh, if he didn’t still have a numb arse from sitting on a train all day, and hadn’t had a fraught conversation on the doorstep before he left with his ex, begging him to change his mind, that Andy meant nothing, it was a fling a stupid mistake and please don’t take that job, how could they sort things out when he was moving almost two hundred miles away. Yeah right, a fading love bite, that he hadn’t put there definitely screamed over, now didn’t it. And for all his sister’s faults, she hadn’t baulked when he’d asked for a place to crash until he sorted out a flat share or something. He couldn’t stay long term, they would probably kill each other before the end of the month.
“Anything yet?”, John asked, trying to disguise the note of hope in his voice this time, not wanting to pressurise.
Sherlock appeared to give this a great deal of thought before answering with a weary sigh
Breathe. Breathe for fuck’s sake Sherlock. He inhaled with a ragged gasp.
Sherlock curls a hand around the back of John’s soft neck, tangling fingers in golden hair, and holds him there. He kisses him deeply, and knows that John
“I was there for god’s sake…I lived through that and I’ll keep on reliving it to the end of my days….don’t you dare tell me I wasn’t there”
“Jealous then are you? Did you get someone else to do it for you or were you hoping it would be me they twatted on the head, not him?”
“Too much?” Sherlock asked.
“Shit”, John said, eloquence deserting him once again, “so I take it you have no idea who attacked you, male, female, familiar, stranger, anything?”
“So, are you seeing him again?, he asked, “Or was it just a one-nighter?”
“John! Don’t go, please!”
He wondered what Sherlock planned to do.
He stared down at Sherlock, flushed and sweating, held down against the bedroom floor. He looked debauched already, neck peppered with purple bruises, tight, erect nipples surrounded by John’s red teeth-marks, a reminder of their post-gig punch-up and fuck.
The start of something that would change both their lives, for better or for worse.
“Like a common street whore…how about me?”
“Ah Anderson, good evening, lovely to see you too. I see your fiancé has kicked you out again”
“Where did you get this from, your fucking Grandad?” John palmed the slim metal hip flask and turned his body towards the wall, shielded by Mike’s back, because they wouldn’t be allowed in if they were caught. He tilted the flask as he brought it to his lips and a burning liquid filled his mouth and throat. Neat cherry vodka. His eyes streamed as he suppressed the urge to choke.
They faced each other, circling like two stags at bay, the dominant male and the strong young buck come to challenge his authority. I must make my choice, speak now or be forever cast into the role of helpless damsel, when I was neither. I staggered forward and stepped between them, an arm out to each to bid them to listen.
Okay, maybe the wriggling wasn’t such a good idea. He groaned.
“Don’t talk, just run”
Then everyone was shouting.
I gave my eager assent, mindful of the urgency with which I must procure shelter. As naïve as I knew myself to be, even I was aware of the mortal danger awaiting a friendless and homeless young person on the streets of London. I had no wish to pass the midnight hours in the company of footpads and murderer’s .
or any other
“By God Sherlock”, John clapped a hand to my shoulder as we left, barking with laughter now that we were finally out of sight, “You are a horror indeed, the poor man was beside himself with your trickery, it would not surprise me if he were to make up a few more items to court your good opinion, for he was much taken with you”, he added with a suggestive wink.
John stepped up alongside Sherlock. “It looks like a church, or something,” he said in a reverent whisper. His warm breath tickled Sherlock’s neck and made the boy visibly shiver.
It was only a matter of time though… he might have another week or two at best and there was always Greg to worry about too, Mycroft’s handy sniffer dog, annoyingly immune to all Sherlock’s tricks who had seen straight through him the very first time they had met, speaking of which….
They didn’t do it often, fucking your flatmates never ended well and Sherlock liked this place to much to risk it on something like this, but today he would make an exception, and Vic would say yes like an eager little puppy always desperate for attention from the cool kids.
Oh god, he wanted to die.
Shit, why did he need to ask that when he already knew?
“Great”, Victor sighed, “We’ll fail the fucking room inspection now…and that’s your fault too limp dick”.
“Pulled the cutest boy in the room again, so I see”
He took a moment to just stare at John stretched out waiting for Sherlock to touch him and felt dizzy with the thrill of it, until gently, carefully he moved in close, parting John’s arse with warm palms and gave an experimental lick over the sensitive skin.
An unctuous, condescending voice drawled from the vicinity of the back seat. He peered cautiously through the open door.
For fuck’s sake act normal Sherlock, or it will be an inappropriate hard-on next.
‘But I do not like him, the way he addresses me as if he knows what is in my mind, there is something in his air which troubles me, like I have seen him before somewhere’.
Four bottles later, Sherlock Holmes was well and truly pissed, and no longer sporting a semi for his best friend. (Not that he actually cared any more whether he did) His coat had disappeared somewhere ages ago and his scarf, for some reason, was on his head. He was the dread pirate red-beard, scourge of the seven seas.
“I might have accidently hit the ‘enlarge’ button while you had your dick out”
Sherlock glanced at the display screen on his mobile, it was 2.45 a.m.
“I’ll take the tube, I don’t have any lectures until eleven, and they’re just intro’s, non-compulsory stuff” he pushed the money into Sherlock’s palm.
Greg sauntered back hands in pockets, looking slightly apologetic. “Give us a minute kid? Myc wants me to brief the Inspector before we head off…and don’t worry, No-one’s going to hassle you for a statement tonight, stay here and I’ll do my best to convince them you’ve already gone okay? Pull you in tomorrow instead”.
“I really don’t know whether I should be offended ”.
“Do not pout so Sherlock”, he said, when once he had caught his breath, as I climbed upon his sprawled-out form and lay myself along the length of him, “Charles has shown us much favour of late and the main of it at his own behest. You only wish to have your wicked way, that I know, and I would not deny you on any account…so, can we say it shall suffer but a small delay this night?”
“He had just started to work for Mycroft, not long out of uni, he was twenty-one and yes, I was only fifteen, but we didn’t sleep together until my birthday…and then he left, the next day, Mycroft sent him away, to America, and that was it, over”
“No. look, Mrs Hudson wouldn’t leave things like this…where is it?”
He yelped loudly.
“What did he do though, when he walked in?”
“I didn’t require you to….I don’t need a babysitter….or some sort of ….bodyguard…John” Sherlock cut him down in those perfectly irritating, clipped tones.
“Can I?” John gestured towards it.
He collapsed against the mattress, still pulsing in weak bursts as John pounded into him a few more times jerking and uncoordinated , as warm sticky semen pumped into his arse.
Oh god, he was past ready himself, desperate to bury his cock deep and fuck John through the bed. It had been so fucking long since he’d topped he was scared of going too hard and fast, hurting him. He eased his fingers out slowly and reached for a condom with shaking fingers, tearing the foil impatiently with his teeth. He rolled it down carefully and spread more lube, just to be sure.
“Ah, no…not sunk….captured by the Spanish, all those on board either dead or taken, but it cannot be confirmed …and the fate of the ship is unknown after that time”.
“What’s wrong John?”
“Well, well, well” Irene sidled up behind him, running a fingertip down the left side of his neck, the side currently hidden from Greg, the side…oh shit, right, that.
“No John, you’re staying in tonight to watch your sister… presents don’t buy themselves and I’m back at work again tomorrow”
Sherlock opened the bedroom window, nerves finally getting the better of him. A cigarette would calm him down a bit, the breeze would carry the smoke away and a shower would scrub the smell off aswell. Sherlock was more worried about John’s disapproval as a medical student than his own parents with the power to ground him for the rest of his natural born life, but he lit up anyway and sucked the disgusting toxic cocktail into his adolescent lungs.
“And then it was…..?”
Shit.
“Bring me those documents immediately and get me the Czech ambassador on my private line…I need a word”
It would have to do. A combination of heat and sweat from the crowded pub would turn it into a halo of cascading curls within minutes anyway. He sprang up and skipped through the front door ahead of Greg, avoiding eye contact with Mycroft as he did so. It was best that he didn’t get any inkling from Sherlock’s face, about what he had planned for later tonight. He hoped he wouldn’t get Greg into too much trouble on his behalf, but really, he wasn’t a child, he was capable of making his own choices, and Mycroft should accept that whether they be good or bad.
“ Excuse me?”
Damn.
Oh god, this was hideous and he was so fucking annoyed with himself, how had he not noticed this? And if he had, would he have come anyway? Fuck it, the answer was yes. That didn’t mean he wasn’t pissed off by this rude interruption to his latest depressive phase. And until proven otherwise this devious trick had Mycroft written all over it, and Sherlock would make him pay.
“Are you sure?”
The door clicked shut.
“Hush now John”, she said with a dismissive wave, “Sherlock does not take offence…come, “she linked her arm in mine and walked me to the entrance to the dining room, “You will sit by me at dinner and tell me many a scandalous tale of my beautiful Grandson”.
We had scarce been home an hour when the note arrived, having just stripped off our coats and boots to lounge in comfort with curtains drawn to block out the sun and cool the room. I lay sprawled upon the chaise and John was on his bed, both in breeches with shirts untucked, mine unbuttoned to the waist, sweaty and unkempt. John stared at me in confusion as the knock came at the door. Sarah knew very well by now to leave us alone at certain hours of the day and her mistress was unaccustomed to any activity of service which did not involve the extortion of coin from her beleaguered residents.
“Who the hell are you trying to fool, because you damn well don’t fool me you arrogant little prick”
(Oh god, I bet he even knows who was top).
‘Nor any girl? Have you never had a sweetheart?’
Mycroft had twisted the knife further by issuing Sherlock with an ultimatum – if he attempted to see or speak to John before Friday (beyond the brief phone call on Wednesday lunchtime), dinner would still go ahead but John would not be welcome as an overnight guest.
‘And he has refused?’
“Harry for fuck’s sake”, John hissed, “ Can you just be nice and not do this here?”.
“It feels…ohfuck…just do it again…now"
“What? You mean this sort of thing happens on a regular basis, pissing off members of the criminal underclass?”
“Your feet are fucking freezing, I’m wide awake now thanks”
“Promise
I spare no thought for the sensibilities of others, delicate as they may be – or not, whilst yet in the flower of youth and enjoying the leisure afforded by affluence I look back upon the events of my past with an understanding unusual to those of my unhappy profession, having observed much of the character and manners of our society than is commonly undertaken. I hasten to proceed to the meat of the matter, despising all unnecessary preface, to lay myself bare before you, a life written with the same loose liberty as I led it, ungarnished, stripped bare.
‘No’, he said, it must be now, this very hour’
John heaved a sigh of relief as Sherlock took his hand out of his crotch and sat up, alert in his seat.
‘Aye, and not a moment too soon’
“Don’t be ridiculous John…I didn’t commit a murder…I solved one”
“Can I go in?” John asked, craning his neck to see around him and cursing at the blinds drawn down tight over the windows and door.
Ten more minutes, and that was it, and if he got a couple more drinks in before bedtime he might even break his own rule and let Victor do him. Really, it would be an act of mercy, the boy was so horny after their snog he was practically vibrating.
She waved her hand vaguely towards the closed kitchen door and Sherlock’s retreating back. John squeezed his eyes closed, pinching the bridge of his nose between forefinger and thumb. This was an unmitigated fucking disaster. He couldn’t believe how utterly and completely he had fucked this all up. Sara didn’t deserve to find out like this, that John didn’t want to be with her anymore, no-one deserved this and it was all John’s fault for being such a coward and a liar, carried away by the human tornado, Sherlock Holmes.
“How could I say no to such sexy pillow talk? I’m very turned on right now”
John shouting his name as he came, painting thick ribbons of semen across his stomach and chest was enough to undo Sherlock completely. He thrust up into him once, twice, hard and froze as he came with a shuddering gasp, warm liquid heat surrounding him, pulsing over and over, arms shaking with the effort to keep his body upright.
John scowled, he wasn’t an idiot and could read between the lines just as well as Irene could, the family were against the education of muggle-born’s like he was, didn’t think them worthy of an exclusive magical education. Only an idiot would believe that those outdated attitudes had ended in the last uprising.
He flopped down with a contented sigh.
The bed by the window was empty, Sherlock’s rumpled covers revealed in the glowing wand-light. John pressed a hand to the sheets, they were cold, Sherlock had been gone for some time. Oh god, he thought, surely the idiot hadn’t gone wandering around the castle on his own in the middle of the night? John cursed loudly and reached for his dressing gown. Maybe he was just in the common room, John thought as he padded down the stairs, because if he wasn’t, and John had to go looking for him, he would kill the bloody idiot if he got them both into trouble for being out of bed.
John leant against the kitchen counter, bottle of beer in hand, some Spanish stuff that someone’s dad or uncle or something had brought back on the sly in the back of a white transit van, probably on one of those booze-cruises to the continent. They needn’t have fucking bothered, it still tasted like piss, even if it did have a foreign label.
“I have her number”
“It doesn’t make you weak you know” Sherlock said, propping himself up on his elbows and flexing his toes to get rid of the pins and needles that prickled along his legs, “I mean, being fucked…it doesn’t make you any less of a man if you take a cock up the arse”.
“Come on you lightweight, downstairs, the game is on”
“You survived then?” Sherlock smirked as they swigged gratefully from bottles of mineral water, leaning against the wall by the bar.
“But naughty boys don’t get what they want” John hissed
Which brought Mycroft round to the new and fascinating subject of John Watson.
“Nothing new for Lestrade?” John asked, standing awkwardly at the doorway between our rooms. He was dressed to go out, while I sat stripped to the waist in nought but my smallclothes ink smudged along my hand and the side of my face from where I had leant on a sheaf of newspaper clippings and had then wiped a hand across the sweat on my brow.
The next part was easy, muscle memory, chopping and grinding with the sharp plastic edge, until even the minutest of clumps were eliminated, as fine as sieved icing sugar, before being cut into neat symmetrical lines.
“You know what”
But of course. Mrs Hudson may have sworn not to tell, but the rest of her harem had not, and it would not take long for the sisterhood, such as it was, to turn up with the name of John Watson, he and his friends being known in the area.
“I can’t mention his name with your lips on my cock….please” he groaned.
Elsa visibly whitened at the name. John was confused again, he didn’t have a clue what wild tangent Sherlock had gone off on now, but whatever it was, he seemed to have struck gold.
“Mycroft said two boys…..shouldn’t do…that” he whispered back, as Sherlock led him up to the bathrooms on the upper floor, and waited for Mama to appear.
That a man could desire another man was a thought that had yet to occur.
Sherlock looked up in surprise as John moved in closer, pressed against him on the right-hand side. He ran his hand down the length of his arm and stopped at his hand, the one not currently nursing a drink, and squeezed softly, rough fingers pressing into his skin. He squeezed back for reassurance but didn’t let go, and several more minutes had passed before he realised they were still holding hands.
“No, but compared to you, I’m a bloody born-again virgin. Look, there’s nobody else, hasn’t been for a while, you see, I just can’t seem to get this lanky, dark-haired idiot off my mind” his face softened and he leaned back, running a hand through his hair.
(No need for Greg to know they broke into a house on Baker Street and christened the leather sofa with their bodily fluids)
‘I am hurting you’
Right, home now.
Sherlock smirked….ah yes…that…
He nodded and hummed in the right places, just enough to convince the man in front of him that he was listening and not actually scoping every suit that entered the room, his stomach tied in a thick knot of jealousy. He was so far out of his depth here, amongst the Armani and Westwood and Paul Smith, amongst the trust-fund kids and old money, and the women dripping in jewellery expensive enough to pay off the average mortgage.
(This is an odd one because I've only ever written in the 3rd person before - but I got strangely attached to this little fic, so I decided to post it in all it's ropey glory anyway)
“Yeah”, Sherlock smiled, “You could say that”.
‘Hush now’, he said with a smile, ‘For the whole house will soon know just what we are at… perhaps I should find a way to quiet you’.
He cracked open the door. John stood on the other side, beaming warmly, no lingered embarrassment apparent despite what Sherlock had forced him to endure. Helping him go to the loo like a baby for god’s sake.
John slammed the right spot inside him again and again. Sherlock was high, and he never, ever, wanted this to end.
“You got crisps”
“Massive dick? Yeah, I’ll take that, It’s true if you’d like to see. But I’d quite like some alone time with my boyfriend right now, if you know what I mean”
She looked me over with a much more careful eye and caught the gaze of John behind me, silent and perplexed at the exchange.
“He is a thief”, I stated simply, stealing from his employer and worries that we have been sent to spy on him, expose him and hand him over to the runners. We have been here three times this week yet our business is not clear, two strange young faces….he is old and afraid, in debt most like….but of no import to us”.
“You’ll be quite bored I imagine, miles from the civilised world…by which I mean London of course. We have a house there too, but Mummy always insists we spend Christmas here…I can’t imagine why”
He kissed me once before we parted.  Tilting up my chin, he pressed our lips together. It was light and chaste at first, but John growled, and it grew deeper, more urgent until he kissed me so breathless that I was the one to break it. “When you return,” I said panting, pushing him firmly away.
Well fuck honesty if this was the result.
John stopped dead, a couple of paces ahead and whirled round to face him, eyes wide as he sucked in deep steadying breaths.
“What is this?”, snapped a harsh, indignant voice, and I froze in shock. My heart began to hammer in my chest and the blood drained away, I dearly wished for something to cling to, but there was nothing, only John, John’s arm…I reached out and pulled back abruptly as another harsh bark rent the air.
Despite the lack of speed (it was a carpark for god’s sake), the bonnet still crumpled alarmingly, like a cheap tin can, glass tinkling as the passenger side headlight winked out. Bloody great, stupid crappy hatchback. John got out to survey the damage, slamming the door with a growl. If he drove home like that the police would pull him over and that would mean points on his newly minted driving licence, but that would be nothing compared to how Mary was going to react.
John stomped into the staff lounge and threw his bag onto the sofa with an angry growl. It bounced once on the cushion before executing a perfect double somersault onto the floor. The contents spewed out and a half-drunk bottle of cola burst open sending a fountain of sticky spray all over his velvet clad legs.
Sherlock opens her closet and reaches for a dress, any dress, she won’t care which, he pulls out something tight and red and throws it at her in mock irritation
“You think too much” said Sherlock, breaking into his thoughts and pressing right down on the sore spot yet again. “Is your internal monologue where you agonise over whether or not to kiss me going to end any time soon?, because I can’t feel my right arm anymore”.
Sherlock threw John a sympathetic glance. That would be more of a punishment than a prize, Christ, he would rather kiss Mary and she had bloody well shot him!
“Was there ever any doubt?”
“Most definitely not, John”
“Just out of interest Greg," he added "what activity that you know of would require the use of a Tungsten tip?”
Okay, now
“Bye then”, she walked slowly towards the door and paused with her hand on the handle, “Just…. don’t do something you might regret later John”.
“Yes…what for?”
“Oh god” He let out a strangled gasp and Sherlock stuttered to a halt. The head of Sherlock’s prick had caught just inside the rim of John’s hole. He had been so relaxed and into it, the entrance had started to loosen up and Sherlock had unwittingly slipped inside, just the tiniest bit.
“Not yours” (And not mine either, he added to himself. Not in that sense anyway, like he was a piece of property that they were declaring ownership over) “And he’s going home with me tonight”
Sherlock shrugged, feigning boredom again, despite his roiling gut
Sherlock stuttered out the name in a voice pitched much higher than his usual deep vibrating tones. He fidgeted in his pockets, ran a nervous hand through his hair and over his face in a gesture of agitation.
Victor pinched him on the arm.
“Where’s Harry?”
“Come on now, breakfast will be getting cold, and you owe me an explanation too, don’t you?”
Their mother beamed proudly at her two perfectly behaved little angels.
. He picked up a shoe this time and hurled it across the room, it smacked off the wall and left a black streak across the painted surface.
John challenges Sherlock to a sword fight, of a very inappropriate sort.
Before Greg could stop him, before he could even think, he stormed across the carpark, feet thudding loudly against the tarmac, closer and closer as Victor’s eyes went wide in realisation, backing away with his hands raised in a gesture of supplication.
“Fine!”
“Look, let’s just go back in there and choke down this meal so that we can bugger off and do…other stuff. I don’t know what Mycroft was trying to do tonight, split us up or something maybe, but it didn’t work, so maybe we should give him the finger so to speak”
it! It was fucking fantastic, and I pity you, because you will never feel anything close to that, not ever. Now fuck off back to your tedious girlfriend, a lifetime of boring, soul-sucking, vanilla sex awaits.”
“Oh…ah…
“Mm,” Sherlock hummed in reply. John was no idiot. Well, no more so than the average, but as far as Sherlock could tell the double meaning had clearly been intended. His father
Let me tell you of Mrs Davis, so that you might know the face of evil when you look upon it, and if you might think that the fairer sex be not capable of the worst barbarities and degradations that a human can commit against its fellows then remember these words and take heed.
“I love you Sherlock….come back”
Sarah frowned, “Oh! Then we must both say a prayer tonight. I’m sorry sir – Sherlock, I mean - I’ll leave you be now….sleep well.” She turned to go and I was alone again.
My breath caught in my throat for I knew what this was about. I had heard tell of course, of such things as are whispered in dark rooms and secret places, brought to prominence of late with a spate of raids by the Bow Street Runners; I had read the reports of arrests and prosecutions in the broadsheets on a near daily basis. My stomach fluttered nervously as the magnitude of what was proposed took root inside my breast.
He froze mid rub like a child caught stealing sweeties, coughed and cleared his throat.
‘Promise me Sherlock’ he gasped, as he drew his hand away, the sudden emptiness inside me strangely disconcerting, the need to be filled again visceral.
John cradled Sherlock’s long thin arm like a delicate piece of china, deathly white, blue veins visible under the surface and only a light smattering of dark hair. He ran a thumb over the crook of his elbow, leaning in and angling the limb towards the light. An intricate pattern of tiny little scars, track marks from a very fine needle, decorated the delicate skin, clearly visible in the glaring artificial light. He sucked in a breath and just stared, waiting for Sherlock to speak. The moment stretched out interminably long.
“John!, John!”
“I know”, he said, shifting to straddle the bench and leaning on his elbow with his free hand, “You’re right I’m a cock, I admit it, but I broke it off for a bloody good reason, for his own good…at least I thought so at the time”.
John spat out his mouthful of water and pushed back from the table.
Bang! Bang! He startled awake, how long had he been out for?, it could have been minutes or hours for all he knew.
He turned the key in the ignition and prepared to pull out. It came out of nowhere, sailing down the disabled ramp, a lone trolley hurtled into his path, driven by two little shits, one sitting in the basket and the other hanging off the back, feet raised off the ground. He cursed and swerved, clipping the front edge which sent it spinning like a fairground Waltzer straight into a concrete bollard where it stuttered to a halt, the two kids jumped out, unscathed and ran off while the car careened on, smashing into a low brick wall.
“Yeah well” Elsa interrupted “Little miss fancy knickers gets more fucking tips than the rest of us put together some nights, so don’t go feeling all sorry for her, lucky cow” she produced a battered pack of cigarettes from her pocket, offering them round, Sherlock pulled one out and let it hang between his lips, quirking a brow at John.
he pulled Sherlock forward and ground their hips together purposefully.
“If it would stop you from killing yourself, yeah, I might… but only if I pay you…isn’t that right?”
Kate, who still hovered uncertainly in the background was a different story altogether. It was obvious she was almost as much a fish out of water as John was, a tall pretty, middle class girl, understated and immaculate, effortlessly pretty in a plain white t-shirt and jeans, a complete anomaly within these surroundings, it just didn’t fit, he frowned. She noticed his puzzled expression and smiled tentatively.
The taxi ride to John’s place (naturally it had to be there), was a haze of soft touches, Sherlock’s head on John’s shoulder, John’s fingers softly brushing through his hair. Sherlock thought he might combust, the trial of fire such an innocent activity caused burning in his chest and flowing in waves down into his stomach. He tried to touch John, run a hand between his thighs and was startled at a tight firm grip around his wrist, pushing his hand away again.
“No” he heard his own voice form the words, dragged from his subconscious, “I’ll tell you anything you want, take me in, question me, just keep John out of it”.
“You’ve just suffered a blow to the head which rendered you unconscious for almost two hours, for god’s sake Sherlock stop behaving like a damned spoiled brat for once in your life and bloody well lie down”.
It was time to go.
“Not as long as the one where I fuck you with a dildo while I’m riding your cock though” he added with a grin, just to see what reaction his words would get.
"Erm -- what?" John coughed.
“Much as it pleases me to see you naked”, he said with a mouth full of crumbs, “I think we must for decency’s sake buy you more clothes. What say we go into town today and seek out a shirt or two and the rest, as there is nothing of mine that would be fit for you, and you do not have any spare” .
Pain stabbed behind his eye.
A hand pressed into my shoulder and roused me from a fitful slumber. A small wizened man, hunched in appearance but smiling broadly, gestured to the cushions in the centre of the room. I could only crawl, so heavy and boneless like a post-coital daze, down on all four like a dog I made my way across to take my place. Heavy-lidded eyes blinked owlishly at me through the fuggy haze. Young, old, woman, man the smoke showed no prejudice or preference.
Which was pretty damn amazing.
Mycroft should ask his opinion of John Watson, perhaps this boy was different….
“Christ squirt, stop growing for fuck’s sake, this is just embarrassing now” he drew back to look up at Sherlock’s face with a beaming smile, and how could Sherlock ever have imagined that he wouldn’t be welcome here, disgusted at his own rampant insecurity. John was right though, Sherlock towered a good five inches over him now, just the right height for John to fit his golden head right in the crook of Sherlock’s neck.
“Indeed…would it not be better to learn of these things from a master, one who knows what he is about? I was curious, how it would taste, how it would feel, to give yourself over like that to the bestial urge for a cock, lodged deep inside…”
The door clicked open behind him.
here. (Once you took away the scruffy old band-shirts, wild hair and sprayed-on skinny jeans).
“A fire…when?”
He paused, heart clenching in his chest, feelings he had managed to control pushing their way back to the surface. “….everything has changed…..he made contact with Sherlock last night”
“Shut up, you were amazing, and you know you were…I swear to god Sherlock Holmes, sometimes I think you’re just fishing for compliments” he smiled. The air between them was so thick with sexual tension it was palpable, only a vague sense of propriety holding John back from just dragging Sherlock forward and pushing his tongue into that mouth. Sometimes it was the only way to shut him up, that and other more scandalous methods.
Sherlock felt hard cold fury burn within his chest. They had hurt John because of him and his arrogant pursuit of the game. He felt sick as he imagined what lay beneath that soft blue shirt, bruised ribs and legs by the way John had held himself, so fucking tense, and a mark concealed in his hairline, but not from Sherlock’s eyes, indicated a blow to the head. They would pay, whoever it had been, he was clever and it was time to prove it. He would find a way. It would be harder to do this alone, but he would never put John in danger again.
“A knife…the other bloke was a fucking weapon…he used his boots and his fists mostly, I was cornered, they didn’t need anything else”
Sally just looked down her nose at John with her lip curled. “Who are you then, his minder? Cause whatever he’s paying you isn’t enough”
John lurched forward, but Greg was quicker, grabbing his arms in a tight locking grip and pulling them behind his back. He struggled, grunting and wriggling to free himself, livid that Greg would do this to him when he wasn’t the one who had done something wrong, the rational part of his mind offline. Greg spoke low, growling into his ear from behind. John could feel the tight press of his body and the strength in his arms effectively restraining him and his feet scrabbled uselessly against the ground. It was his day job and he was bloody good at it. John was going no-where.
The boy sighed “ I had a mother once, father too, a nice house, clean clothes, food on the table, all of that just like your son, but all it takes is the toss of a dice and…”
(So that was how Victor got into his room, this was his father’s hotel so easy access to a master-card).
“Tell me then….what happens….how does it end….because I can’t stand here and watch him do that to himself….because I….I…no, this is too much”
It bubbled in his chest and burst out from his throat, a laugh that was a sob and he planted his feet in the mattress, grasped Sherlock’s bony hips and thrust up hard to meet him, balls slapping loudly against his arse, fucking up into him to chase his own release.
Sherlock had never said just where he had done this stuff, but it could hardly have been under Mycroft’s nose in his own sodding bedroom. Off your face meant careless, he already knew that from the bitter experience of an alcoholic sister and mother – go so far down that road and you abandon any attempts at hiding your vice from the people you love, he doubted whether Sherlock had been any different in this respect.
Sherlock let out a deep sigh of relief as he let himself out into the hall, the first major hurdle overcome.
Well, he didn’t actually know, but could well imagine just how far Mycroft’s influence really reached. But never had John been happier for his particular brand of overbearing interference, despite it all making him feel so incredibly fucking useless.
“I was touching myself Sir, I do so like touching myself,…it feels so…nice” he gave a little shiver, and let his hand stray to his groin, slowly rubbing himself through the thin material.
He deserved it.
I understood. Never could we wear them openly, never in polite society. It would fail to go unnoticed when we two were in each other’s sole company far more often than decorum should dictate we be together. And with no pretty sweetheart and no hint of an engagement or favoured attachment to a member of the opposite sex to speak of…well…the dullest of minds could deduce the true nature of our friendship. Our association already had cause to risk at least John his reputation. I cared little for the good opinion of others outside our small circle of acquaintance, but while the name of Watson still held sway in town I would do what I could to prevent him from falling foul of the stinging barb of scandal. The taint of notoriety had already marred my line but it may prove yet to our advantage that the misdeeds of my father in the name of Holmes were but now a faded memory in the eyes of those who care for such matters.
“It’s fine, I was tested after….” He hesitated. “….well, I got the results back a couple of days ago, it’s all fine….do it John…please”
They picked their way carefully along graffiti lined alleys, and cracked, uneven pavements, dodging dog shit, faces screwed against the biting breeze.
He crept closer.
Jan's voice cut through the thin plaster walls. "Sherl! Client! Just give him a mo love, I've just put him in. Poor things got stage fright I think, so be gentle would ya?."
“You could learn a thing or two from this lad Donovan, he’s bloody marvellous” he exclaimed in a thick Yorkshire accent, clapping a large meaty hand on Sherlock’s shoulder. He sagged under the onslaught while Sally rolled her eyes. He signalled to Greg, to hand him a laptop, and beckoned Sherlock over to a nearby squad car. He placed it on the bonnet and the screen sprang to life, and Sherlock crowded in, John standing close by his shoulder, pressed in against him.
“Where is the justice in this world? You drank as much as I….indeed I believe it was more”, I protested and cursed at my weak constitution, as I pulled the shirt up over my head and pouted for the fact he looked fresh and well rested while I felt wretched and drained of life.
“I beg your pardon madam…I wasn’t hiding….well, yes I was, but I have a naturally curious and suspicious personality and this area is noted for the high level of criminal activity at this time of year”
“Breakfast?” he prodded Sherlock warily, like poking at a rattlesnake or a sleeping lion.
John sagged a little, this was not good news, there was no way he had enough cash left for an extended taxi ride in the early morning traffic so that could only mean one thing. Guess who would draw the short straw and have to play influenza roulette on the Underground?
Three days since he last saw John.
Sherlock shuffled around until he was firmly seated and adjusted his grip so he wasn’t holding on to John quite so tightly and actually lifted his head to rest his chin on John’s shoulder instead. John couldn’t resist a smile.
“Oh” Sherlock made a valiant attempt to hide the disappointment in his voice. He could almost hear Mycroft’s derisive snort ( ‘oh dear, brother mine, did you actually imagine that such a boy would be interested in you’)
The bed shifted slightly above them and Harriet looked at him with wide, pleading eyes. He shook his head and held his breath, willing the frail body to just lie still for a few more minutes, and then surely they would be gone.
It was all the encouragement he needed. He eased his hips back, withdrawing slightly and pushed back into Sherlock’s body, the friction sending electric currents racing through his skin. Slowly, the pace increased as he rocked back and forward, the slide becoming smoother, slick wet sounds, obscene and beautiful. He held Sherlock’s slender hips in a death grip, scared that if he didn’t hold him there, John would just fuck him across the sofa and into the wall beyond. He imagined that Sherlock would probably like that idea anyway.
“Coffee then?”
He made his way back to the men’s room and pushed open the door to see the evidence of his violent outburst still swaying on buckled hinges, two drag queens in long sequinned gowns sharing a lipstick by the mirrors, stared at him curiously, he must look a fucking mess, he knew. He cast his eyes up and down the row of empty stalls.
“Hush now”, he said, smoothing the hair from my brow, “there will be time enough for that…but first, I wish to take you home with me, our home, and fuck you on your knees, at the foot of the bed on the floor with your head on the mattress and the weight of me along your back…much more desirable than itchy hay in a horses stable that will scratch at your arse and make you sneeze”.
Oh fuck! Sherlock was so going to hell!
Sherlock smirked, as he hooked his left leg over John’s torso and straddled his hips, trapping John’s erection under his perfect white arse. He looked down with a groan to see his length poking out from between Sherlock’s balls, frantically fisting the sheets as Sherlock ground his arse in slow teasing circles, running his hands up John’s chest, before mercilessly thumbing his nipples, making him arch up from the bed as his cock throbbed in sympathy.
Sherlock could only groan in response, finally robbed of words, desperate now for his own release. John pulled out slowly, releasing another stream of sticky semen, oh god, he just had to touch…had to see…
Sherlock sank down onto the soft cushions, pulling John with him, spreading his legs to let John stretch out between them. They pressed together, kissing hungrily, cocks aligned, hot and velvety, leaking with precome. John moaned into Sherlock’s mouth. He wanted him so badly, to kiss him and mark him and own him and he was scared, scared of the strength of his desire, the sheer want, to be inside him, their bodies fused together, to fill him with his seed. The thought was hot and filthy and wonderful.
John looked back at him expectantly and Sherlock nodded his reassurance, that he should just leave without him. He hovered uncertainly before his brother.
Sherlock estimated he had at least 3 more seconds until the bomb dropped….3..2..
“Prostate?”
“Ah, Mrs Jessop, I see you’ve already met my colleague Mason Wilkes, Sherlock,(he beckoned him over) I do believe you already know Mason’s brother Sebastian? –from Hampdon College I believe?”
“Okay, tell me…who is he?” Sherlock challenged “English poet, among other things, born 1757, one of his most famous poems ‘Tiger, Tiger, burning bright in the forest of the night, what immortal hand or eye, could frame thy fearful symmetry?.....good enough answer for you, you stupid twat?” he finished, breathing heavily, Sherlock staring at him slack-jawed. He didn’t care who was looking ,and how they might react, he yanked Sherlock forward and crushed his mouth in a bruising kiss. It took a moment for Sherlock to catch up, before he gave back as good as he got, tongue fighting for dominance.
“Indeed?” he laughed, “And as I have taken it upon myself to indulge your every whim that is in my power to do so, I thank you for your candid words and accept”.
Oh god, he was not going to discuss his and Sherlock’s bloody sex life with his brother. That was a line that should never be crossed.
“You done?....good…van then…now”, Greg jerked his thumb to the left, “And you”, he said, turning back to Victor, “Don’t get too cocky, I don’t give a shit what daddy said, I’m going to make sure my Inspector pulls you in, you know, just so we can rule you out of the inquiry…I’m sure you understand eh?”
‘I will be very gentle with you’
A large white rental van pulled around the corner, gliding to a halt by the kerbside of the hateful suburban house. John jumped out and swept around to the passenger door, acting the part of the perfect gentleman as he dutifully held it open for his blushing bride. Well, that might have overstated the point somewhat, as the current Mrs Watson was the wrong side of forty, shorter than John with long dark hair and was about twenty pounds overweight for her height with generous hips and full luscious breasts.
“Oh God!”
I felt John step up beside me, and taking my arm he pulled me away so that he might speak into my ear. “Sherlock, come away now”, he whispered urgently, “seeing her here can only be to your disadvantage. She betrayed you most horribly and is in league or was, with Mrs Turner and may yet have cause to wish you harm. Her mistress seems honourable enough, but you must think upon their business and take care”.
“Fuck off John”
Fuck this was really going to happen now. He knelt back between John’s spread thighs and lined up with his hole, holding his cock steady with his left hand, right hand resting on John;s hip. He squeezed his eyes tight shut and…pushed forward slowly, a moment of pressure, the head of his cock slid inside and John went rigid beneath him.
He threw down his Gray’s Anatomy textbook, notepad and pen in frustration, four and a half fucking hours still to go!
“I just need you to know Sherlock, that I don’t care, about any of it, because I know you, you’re beautiful and brilliant and a massive fucking pain in the arse, and I still want you anyway, never stopped really…”
How many were there? Just one, or more? He strained his ears against the background mumur of the city streets (breath, rustle of clothing, feet scuffing on hard ground), It was useless, there was no way to tell with his back to a blade, every sense honed in on that cold, stinging point.
“Girls do…Sarah did, never mind….any news from Mycroft yet, or Greg?” John said, tactfully changing the subject.
“Hungry?” John asked hopefully, ravenous now in a different way, not expecting a positive response. Sherlock’s eating habits, he had noticed, seemed erratic at best.
What the hell was he doing down there?
“And I can tell you fell out with John too…don’t be an idiot Sherlock, he’s good for you”
I tried to hide my delight at the first feel of warm burnished wood in my hands, vibrant and alive with the possibility of a melody unexpressed. I would write it for him, and play, music for his ears and his alone.
. I let him take me up the arse with his massive cock and I came so hard I saw stars – and you know what? I fucking
“I’m so sorry madam”, John pulled three parcels from the sack…”here, take two a-piece to make up for any upset this naughty elf may have caused”
HE WOULD NOT CRY.
“I’ll bloody kill that bloody Glen for giving my address to Mark’s fucking smackheads” she said, more to herself than to them,
John felt it before he saw him, a prickling of the skin like the pins and needles that erupt after a day in the cold as your body thaws. He looked up, and there he was, striding across the ballroom with poise and confidence, suit jacket slung over one arm and the top two buttons of his shirt undone.
He settled in a corner booth and waited for Sherlock to wobble back over balancing three pints of lager in his hands while holding three packets of prawn cocktail crisps in his teeth. He opened his mouth and they dropped onto the sticky table top with a splat.
“On my own? What the hell would be the point in that? You should’ve just let me stay last night then I wouldn’t have been as horny as fuck when I got here.”
“Leave it John” , now he was the one placating and calm, any sarcastic retorts died on his lips as the image of John, drugged and cuffed by some unknown assailant in a room thick with the stench of petrol, set to burn, sprang behind his eyes.
“Are you sure we have time for this….I mean we could always wait if you have important government business to attend to…” Greg teased casually.
“So John”, Sebastian called his attention from across the table, “how do you and Sherlock know each other? He never did say how you met”.
‘Did he speak?’
John’s face lit up in a radiant smile when he saw Sherlock approach (that smile –for him!), his narrowing slightly as he took in the glowing bruise on his cheekbone (well he had said it was massive)
Mycroft smirked as he stood aside and waved Sherlock through the open door ahead of him. Sherlock glanced around the room, seeking out the shrill voice and clashing florals of Mrs Jessop, long-time neighbour and Mummy’s line-dancing partner (Mummy was currently touring the lakes with Aunt Marie and Uncle Henry).
“Was it just the change of location John, or was it him?” Sara whispered hoarsely.
“What else?” Sherlock asked, eyes lighting up like an excited child as John crawled slowly up the bed towards him.
“You will be jostled, take care Sherlock and stay close…do not be afraid to take hold of my hand for there are none to answer to on that account”.
“No, here’s the thing, he’s not….his parents are an ancient pure-blood family who don’t agree with the progressive nature of education at Hogwarts”
Charlotte at least had the decency to look ashamed as she shot her sister an anxious look, the adults thankfully unaware of the conversations’ turn for the scandalous. He felt physically sick, but he had to go after him, to say what, he didn’t know. Sherlock had hoped he could keep the worst hidden for a little longer at least, but apparently the plan was to expose all of Sherlock’s demons in one demented rush which would bury John under a sea of molten crazy.
Sherlock had no doubts as to the truth of this statement, financial ruin and social annihilation would be the least of the Wilkes’s trouble would they even dare to cross Mycroft again.
What then? A crack den? Dirty mattresses on the floor, zippo lighters and stolen teaspoons, discarded needles and syringes clouded with blood?
The old policeman sighed. Time to call in the clean-up squad.
“Just hurry the fuck up and get back in” he growled from the depths of the pillows as John tiptoed across the room to the bathroom to relieve his bursting bladder and duck his head under the cold tap for a drink.
Sherlock’s mouth twisted into that genuine smile that made John’s breath catch in his chest, and his stomach do an embarrassing flip. He could do this forever, he thought, walk on the edge with this beautiful, crazy human being, and the thought was fucking terrifying.
John had just winked at him and said “I guess it adds character”, knowing very well that Sherlock had been the one to put it there.
“Ah well, my mistake” Sherlock shrugged and drew a lighter from his pocket, igniting the cigarette and taking a long, leisurely drag. He looked smugly satisfied, this obviously meant something to him.
Oh god, he was going to lose him before he’d even had a chance to tell him – someone else was in love with Sherlock, this Victor bloke, he must still love him right? Why else would he be texting him every five minutes? And Sherlock? He couldn’t just ask…it couldn’t be like this… and what about him? He couldn’t just tell him, not now.
“Oh god, don’t look at me like that John, only in an emergency, and that night when Greg and the rest of the band got pissed at a twenty first birthday gig, and I was the only one capable of driving us home. I’m a very good driver actually, and I am old enough, I just haven’t passed my test and I’m two years younger than it says on here”
….oh god John” he moaned, his last shred of dignity gone.
“No…I don’t want to see…not this…god” he shook his head as he crouched down on the ground, tracing the words with his fingertips, the stone cold and irrefutably solid under his touch. It felt so real, how could it be real? “I don’t know how the hell you got me here, or what this is…but take me back…I’ve seen enough…take me back now”
“Yes, I gathered that, but how long do you suppose it will be before you do?”
“Cosy little sleepover party was it John? Entertain a lot of naked schoolboys in your bedroom, do you?
He took pleasure in watching the blood drain away until a pale and stuttering wreck was left. Did he really think he could win?, that they were equals?, the mere notion was laughable.
Sherlock stopped pacing and stood closer to the French doors, cupping his right elbow with his left hand, cigarette held aloft. Guests were arriving and John would be here any minute.
We had arrived on John’s instruction at a public house in the heart of Chelsea, run by a jolly old stager who understood the complexities and varieties of love only too well. He leered at me and winked in a most lascivious manner, ‘You are well paired, a finer looking couple I never did see and I have seen a great many over the years, and you young sir are lately down from the country?’
“That was definitely unexpected…but amazing…Christ Sherlock”
‘How about Asda?’ Mike said then, coming back, hands full, sliding in the booth beside him again. ‘The bloke behind the bar just said they’re taking on more staff to cope with the online shopping lark, need drivers. It could be okay as a stop-gap till something comes up at the hospital.’ A fresh pint banged down on the table in front of him, foam slopping over the rim of the glass, a bag of crisps slapped down in the wet patch.
But he could feel something else as Sherlock ground down against John’s thighs with his arse while he let out a soft little moan, writhing like a wanton tart.
A crime scene.
“Come along Sherlock, I do believe we are in luck, that lady there”, she pointed, “is a well-known good mistress called Mrs Turner who is sure to treat you very well if you are to her liking, she is a widow who keeps a fine house with many nieces and nephews to assist her. Do you wish me to enquire on your behalf?”
“He’s fine”, Mycroft said, “We just have to wait now, he’ll wake when he’s good and ready apparently”.
Sherlock sighed, feigning nonchalance but bursting inside with the urge to see John’s eyes shine in open admiration. His audience, his conductor of light. The effect of the drugs had already faded, so this was all on him, his words, his mind. He took a deep breath.
“What are we going to do now?” John breathed into his neck.
Mycroft was being very secretive about the guest list for this evening. He knew it was to include work colleagues and a couple of other family friends perhaps, but Mycroft had been less than forthcoming on the finer details.
Sherlock quirked an eyebrow at him, clearly questioning his state of mind, knowing that if he was hooked up to a lie-detector he would fail miserably right now. John remembered a split second too late to unclench his fists. His nails had left a pretty ring of indentations in his palms.
“I heard that eye roll”
Truth, some idiot admitted they had once ‘stolen’ their dad’s car.
Something to thank Victor for at last, pure jealously and possessiveness had ramped John’s libido up to eleven.
The door creaked open and they pushed away from each other guiltily.
“Pfftt…are you delusional? Mycroft doesn’t have a heart” he said that with all the conviction of a wayward younger sibling, toed into line on innumerable occasions by the intervention of a spoilsport older brother intent on throwing his (not inconsiderable) weight around.
It was fucking annoying how that skinny twat just sidled right through them.
“Is it far now?” John called out, just wanting to break the uneasy silence that had settled between them minutes earlier.
Trust him to hold back now, when it really was a fucking emergency.
“Laterz” he muttered, and turned on his heel, walking swiftly to his car parked, front end facing away from them, further up the road.
“Because it was there….and you weren’t…it didn’t seem like such a big deal at the time”
“Ready?”
I dreamt of the city as the wheels of the carriage rattled onward, and all that I hoped to discover there.
John took about two seconds to decide. He bent to quickly plug the bed so the air already in it couldn’t escape and tripped across the top in his socks, the surface undulating wildly, not yet filled to capacity. The single bed, the real one, groaned in protest at the weight of two bodies when he pressed Sherlock back to straddle him, his own clothes joining the others in a heap on the floor leaving them both stripped to the waist in just jeans, already achingly hard. Sherlock stretched his arms above his head and arched his back, hips lifting automatically with the shift in posture, all the better to press his dick into John’s and make him groan. It worked.
“Sip this, and hold each breath for the count of three, or you’re going to start hyperventilating Sherlock”.
Nah, the six foot bastard was more Lord of the Rings than one of Santa’s little helpers, with those stupid cheekbones and the icy stare. He wondered if Sherlock might be into a spot of Middle Earth cos-play? But if Sherlock was a sexy Elrond he would probably end up as an angry little hairy Hobbit. Nope, not helping either John, he stored that fantasy away for some later date, possibly in the shower, as soon as he got home, with his right hand.
“Run John, now!”
The house itself was fine and well-kept in outward appearance, and I entered with confidence, no lessened by what I discovered inside. The rooms that I saw were handsomely furnished as would befit the home of a gentlewoman, and were such as mama would wholeheartedly approve had she been alive to see them. I fancied myself the luckiest of young men to have found comfort with a most reputable family.
John frowned then, and looked up, guiltily pushing the hand off his thigh and staring right through him with a puzzled expression as Sherlock froze. Could he see him, or sense him somehow?
“At least the evidence I produce will be admissible in a court of law” Anderson retorted “unlike your ridiculous ramblings…who do you think you are Sherlock, bloody Nancy Drew for fuck’s sake?”
Harry fussed around mother, plumping her pillows and pressing soft kisses to the top of her head.
Where was John now? Had he just gone home, or had he left with someone else?
“You left the room”, Sherlock said, turning his body to face him, “And I got out of bed to have a smoke out the window…you know…alarms…the smell…and that’s it. I pulled up the sash, lit the cigarette…and then woke up here”.
“You care…more than you would ever admit….but enough here, there’s more to show”
He slid into a cocoon of steamy, wet heat, and all his muscles seemed to cry out with relief, easing all his aches, and his stinging, sore feet. Someone had hung a rough flannel on the side, so he used it to scrub his skin until it was pink and glowing and it felt silky smooth.
"Hardly your business", I reply. I don't care for his opinion, for his three-piece suits and Victorian sensibilities. He could slip right back to 1849 and be perfectly at home there running the country from the Diogenes. Some things never change. But I do. A constant state of flux. Restless, adrift. I tug at the front of my hair and you smirk knowingly as you turn at the top of the stairs.
“You have got to be fucking kidding me”.
“Apparently I’m in trouble again” he huffed, waving a flimsy pink carbon copy in John’s confused face.
But before he could think of an answer, Greg burst back in with Anderson and Dimmock in tow, the jokey demeanour had gone. Sherlock frowned, something was wrong.
“I can’t believe you have to ask”.
If it took my last breath, I would find him.
A bright white glow lit up the dusty floorboards beneath the rumpled bed, unseen, ignored, a message,
Sherlock raised an eyebrow and smiled. John grabbed his hand, linked their fingers and gripped tightly.
Fuck. Sherlock’s nerves were jangling. He toyed with the half-empty pack of cigarettes in his jacket pocket, desperate for something to just take the damn edge off. All this, it reminded him of all the sneaking around they used to do, empty classrooms, the supply cupboard at the back of the gym, the fucking staff lounge at one point, anywhere and everywhere and no-one ever caught them, not once.
“It’s cold today John, better wrap up warm”
James shot him a parting look of triumph as he followed Mr Coulson through the heavy door.
“What the fuck Sherlock, I can’t patch you up here, just give me a minute and I’ll get my stuff”
“Didn’t your mother tell you….you’ll catch your death of cold out at night dressed like that?”
“Give it here, let me try” John padded over to his side still wrapped in a towel, fresh from the shower. His skin still glistened with a damp sheen, and the knot of soft cloth lay low on his hips revealing a downy golden trail. He caught up the strip of dark purple silk, bent at the waist over the bed.
“Well, you know, play your cards close to your chest and all that” he shrugged and kept walking and this time it was Sherlock who was trying to keep up. The truth was, that Sherlock’s words had actually struck a cord. He had seen it so many times, here and elsewhere, that if people got the slightest whiff that you thought you could be a bit special at something then there would be a queue of people standing there waiting to beat you down. Sherlock had obviously been born without that particular instinct for self-preservation.
“Oh for fuck’s sake John…do you actually believe that? And you were rather too eager to participate as I remember. You only told me cause I saw him sneaking out of your room with his skin all marked up…and did you know he had a goddamn raging erection when he left that afternoon?”
Sherlock looked positively gleeful “Oh Santa…I already think you know what a bad boy I am…so why don’t you show me what the naughty boy’s get?” he swung his leg over and straddled John’s lap.
“You took your top off” Excellent, state the obvious Watson.
“So what do we do while we wait?” he asked as Sherlock sat back against the chair with him, apparently finished for now.
Sherlock spoke to the back of his skull.
Mycroft sighed impatiently as he unwound the silk material to begin the task again. He had hoped for a more relaxed day than usual, a late brunch perhaps, a walk by the river or through Regent’s Park, but the work of the British Government did not recognise such luxuries as ‘free time’, and besides, he had received some news of a very personal and extremely worrying nature.
“Don’t just stand there…Get him off me Greg, fucking kick him in the nuts for god’s sake”, he croaked out,as Greg looked on, not knowing if this was just another one of his sex games gone wrong, because that had happened more than once, when people didn’t follow the rules or got a bit handsy when they weren’t supposed to.
John’s voice came out strange and muffled as he twisted around in the seat toward Sherlock.
I cast my mind back to the night of the masquerade. The way she had looked at him, a smile here, a touch there, a simpering word, drawing him away. Uninvited touches, mocking glances. Knowing all the while where my heart lay, if not his, testing the strength of our attachment, the strength of which only served to fuel her desire for the chase. It had all been a game to her. She must have been there, concealed behind the curtain and heard our exchange… heard John’s declaration of love. It seemed my protector that night, Mr V, had the right of it, my self-confessed rival had won.
He thought it highly unlikely that anywhere frequented by upper middle class art students would be a ‘drug-free’ environment, as he recalled the boarding school he had attended until this year, and the ridiculously high volume of Class A drugs which circulated amongst the student body, while the staff remained oblivious. Not that he had abstained himself, a joint, a line or two of coke here and there, mostly just to stave off the mind-numbing boredom of institutional education (and to piss off Mycroft).
The muffled sounds of activity from the hotel were just discernible, a sign that reality would soon intrude. He planned to savour these last moments, forcing himself into consciousness again and pushing himself up, arms braced, still on his front. Maybe a quick fag out the window would wake him up.
What the fuck was he doing over here? He should be there on the floor beside him again, watching, waiting, monitoring like the doctor he was supposed to be, he couldn’t just sling a blanket over the mess and then leave him there, because Sherlock might not be a crime scene but it didn’t stop him looking like one. So he grabbed some pants that lay in the tangle of sheets on the bed, and walked, in stiff mechanical movements to drop down on the carpet beside him, knees banging painfully onto the thin, cheap carpet which barely cushioned him from the unyielding hardness of the floor beneath.
“Okay now?”
Sherlock stiffened, then jerked forward, collapsing against the cushions as ribbon upon ribbon of hot, sticky semen striped the olive green leather and coated John’s fingers and hand. The sight of it was just so fucking hot, John thought, that two more erratic thrusts and he followed, tension ramped up to an impossible degree before freefall, balls emptying and cock pulsating as Sherlock’s internal muscles squeezed and contracted around him. He slumped heavily over Sherlock’s back, breathing hot air into the side of his neck. Sherlock twisted around, straining to find John’s mouth.
Greg Lestrade leant against the kitchen counter, slowly sipping at a hot fragrant coffee as John sidled in through the door, his chocolate brown eyes twinkling mischievously. John didn’t know what would be more excruciating right now, Mycroft’s knowing sarcasm or Greg’s outright piss-talking.
It was very late, around one, when he heard the rustle of branches and the faint creak of the sash as it was pushed further up. John tumbled off the sill with a muffled curse, wedged between the bed and the window in the dark.
The next shift at Cream Bar didn’t start till seven, but post-fuck cuddling wasn’t his thing, so he pulled out and rolled over, the condom sliding off and tied in a knot with practised ease. His aim was off and it missed the bin, splatting wetly against the concrete floor instead.
“Well, come on,” John said with a huff of disbelief, “you must know…he was being a massive knob back there. You shouldn’t let him treat you like that.”
“Lift” he ordered and Sherlock raised his arse just enough for John to drag them part way down his legs, his flushed erection springing free for the second time that night. Zero to hard in the time it would take to say ‘fuck me’ apparently. Right…no pants…forgot about that for a second.
And there it was again. John felt a hot flush of guilt, and a twinge of something much more complex, and his smile faltered again. “God…you have to know…I’m sorry about barging in earlier…I…I really didn’t mean to cause trouble…”
‘Ooh Sherlock you have made a conquest there’ exclaimed Susan, as she adjusted the bodice of her dress and attempted to tame the wild tangle of her curls with only her fingertips. She sat heavily on the seat beside me and hooked her arm through mine.
Sherlock nodded in agreement, as John untangled himself and walked across the room to his desk, pouring each a measure of vodka into two shot glasses, stolen from another night out, months ago. John shuddered as he knocked back the burning, bitter liquid in one gulp, feeling the warm glow spread down his throat and chest, continuing through his body, head already buzzing faintly.
Sebastian sat down heavily in the chair opposite, nursing a glass of brandy. Sherlock’s eyes popped open when he heard a derisive snort.
There will be no end of trouble when she finally works this one out.
“John….I…”
“You’ll never believe this, I only went and forgot my purse” his mother burst back in with Malcolm, pulling up sharply at the sight of Sherlock sitting at the table and eating food in her kitchen. “Ah, Sherlock…Hello dear, isn’t it a bit late for you to be coming round?” she said in a faux-cheerful voice, “John, can a have a word in the living room…now?” she pursed her lips as she motioned him and Harry out of the room. “Harry, could you go to your room now?” she ignored the very vocal protests from his sister and closed the kitchen door, screening them all from Sherlock’s view. “What on earth is he doing here at this time of night John?”
Two chance encounters will change the course of Sherlock's life forever.
The last thing John felt like doing was having a cute little cuddle now.
John inched forward, crowding him against the cold slippery tiles. His eyes raked over Sherlock’s body and he stood frozen, pinned by the intensity of his gaze as it flicked from his face, to eyes, to mouth, to jaw, to neck. He paused and ran wet fingertip over the jugular vein and Sherlock felt a tingle of hypersensitivity. A bruise then, he thought, shaped like John’s mouth. John’s eyes ran down his body and he felt exposed in the way that he usually made others feel, when he stripped them bare with his cut-downs and barbs.
John stumbled out of the back of the van onto the silent avenue, slamming the doors before Greg pumped his foot down on the accelerater and sped off. The large white houses in Sherlock’s street glowed eerily in the dark night, lit only by the feeble glow of the yellow street- lights.
“More of what…?” Sherlock panted above him, his hands gripped tight on John’s hips now, moving faster and smoother because of the release of fluid from his eager cock. John reached behind him and grasped Sherlock’s right wrist, pulling it under his body and guiding it towards his own cock, throbbing and heavy with want between his thighs.
“And from you, that’s actually a compliment isn’t it? John smiled, the crinkly one, it made the knawing ache inside Sherlock’s chest ease just a little.
“Shall we stay here a while?” John pulled me into his arms as the sound of Tom’s footsteps receded down the staircase. “I must confess, I had truly feared you would be angry, that all my plans would come to nought. I was sure you would find me out, you know, but you’ve been most distracted of late.”
I drew out the ring from underneath my shirt and turned it to catch in the sunlight.
Sherlock’s eyes flashed darkly for an instant before returning his look with a defiant stare. He was right then, although it gave him no satisfaction this time.
“This is not fair you know, it’s impossible to say no when you look at me that way”
“Ah..ah…ah pretty”.
When they did make it over the threshold ten minutes later, his whole body tingled from both the alcohol and the cold air from outside. They stood still and scanned the crowd for familiar faces until they noticed Vince approaching from the right, expertly balancing three pints.
In answer, I closed the adjoining door behind me with a snap so that we both now stood in John’s much tidier room. “Out of sight out of mind” I said, and laughed at the lie behind those words.
“Shit” he felt the bed dip again as John scooted over to rifle through his trouser pockets. Lube, of course. They had left it unspoken between them when they set off tonight, as to whether they would fuck each other here or wait until they got home.
His head snapped back up and he shot him an angry glare
“I should have known! I’m so sorry John, it should have been obvious, Sherlock always gets the cutest boys, because he’s so bloody gorgeous, it’s not fair!”
John stiffened in anger at the insult, and strode away from me towards his father’s desk where he stood, hands pressed to the surface and knuckles white to keep them from moving to strike. If the man had not been his father then he would be on his back by now, to name me as such in his presence.
John had left on foot so he couldn’t have gone too far, she thought, pulling into a space on the highstreet, the paths still busy with late-night Christmas shoppers. She searched the crowds eagerly, looking for his thick green parka, the implications of what could happen if she didn’t find them both tonight weighing heavily on her mind. A skinny boy with a guitar almost collided with her as she turned the corner, moving off the main street, back towards the police station.
“Well its better than having a boring, ordinary name like John”, he snapped, hugging his knees now and mouthing at the fabric of his jeans where they stretched out over the bone. John stared at the growing wet patch, realised he was staring, and that that was a bit creepy, and suitably distracted, took a much bigger drag than he meant to.
“Sorry”, said John, leaning back against the door, safely shut behind them, once more in the sanctuary of the bedroom, “she does go on a bit, and you know, it was just me and Mike for years, and she did love Sarah, Christ they were always nattering away over cuppa’s in the kitchen even when I wasn’t there…”.
Sherlock bit at his lip, worrying the skin between his teeth. He felt slightly nauseous, as John stuffed his dirty kit-bag into the seat cavity, unhooked the spare helmet (safety first!) and tossed it across to him. He caught it, just, fumbled a little, and saw his own worried face staring back in the polished surface.
John laughed. “Well it might have been polite to ask first, you know, before you come all over my arse”
His expression read pride and hope, but tainted with a bitter edge of uncertainty.
“Do you know him? I know him…had him once in fact…had the pleasure of popping the cherry as they say…ripe for the taking…fucking gorgeous” he was babbling slightly, a glass of champagne earlier and two double whiskey’s severing the connection between brain and tongue.
John paused. Of course Mike would know. He’d never been out as such back then, but he’d always had what you might call an equal opportunities policy when it came to a nice body.
A glow spread through his chest. In another time and place perhaps, he’d kill to have Sherlock say his name like that, with that tiny, exasperated, slightly pleading edge to it. It felt as if they’d been doing this for years. “You’re almost there,” he said in encouragement, “just have a guess.”
The light assaulted my eyelids even when tight closed. I groaned, and pulled the covers up over my head which too hurt most abominably, a relentless pounding made worse with every breath I took. How I ever came to be here, I really could not answer. Faint memories swam across my mind of carriage rides, my head in John’s lap, his coat about my shoulders all the better to keep me warm, and kind hands that gently stroked and petted at my hair and down my shivering spine.
“Here, get some of this inside you mate” Mike whispered in his ear as he tapped john on the hand.
Sherlock actually laughed, loud and slightly hysterically, “Shit John, I always told you your poker face was fucking awful”.
People would buy any old shit if it was cheap enough.
“Ah, and they say romance is dead…as long as I don’t have to hold your hair back off your face while you puke up all over the place”
Placing it on the newly made bed, he slid the zip around and flipped it wide. The work from his Foundation Course was crammed inside, charcoal sketches, life drawings in ink and bits of old canvas painted with acrylics and varnished until it crackled like glass. A year’s worth of work stuffed out of sight but too full of meaning, too much a part of himself to ever throw away.
“Drink up mate” Greg peered at him through the crack in the door, looking completely unconcerned “We’ve all been there…I actually did piss myself once, walking home one night…all that cold air and wham…wet denim, not good”
He at least wanted some sort of explanation, an apology even. After what had happened last night he deserved that at least. They had had sex, John’s first time for fucks sake and that must have meant something to him surely? John was more than a little scared the answer would be no.
Maybe he understood a little better now, would be less judgemental on the nights Sherlock found it hard to cope and smoked cigarette after cigarette, hanging out the bedroom window in just his underwear or a t-shirt that he’d nicked from John, never one of his own.
Sherlock had no idea why he was telling her this, an old woman, laden with bags from a recent shopping trip, but something about her calm steady gaze just invited confidence, and the words began spilling from his mouth.
The train journey was dull in the extreme, punctuated at intervals by a flare of panic rising from his gut, it squeezed at his chest and made his breath stutter at the gaping black hole in his memory, the blank space where time had skipped over and moved on without him. It was supposed to have come back by now, according to the false reassurance from the doctor who signed the paperwork for his discharge, that with rest and time the chances he would remember were high, the likelihood of complete obliteration statistically negligible.
“Boyfriend huh?”, Victor looked him up and down more closely – short blond hair, small, well-muscled, nice arse and thighs, nothing overtly homosexual, lovely – he would do that given half a chance…he was a lucky bloke whoever he was.
“I’ve got you….I promise Sherlock…I won’t let you fall” he reached around and placed a reassuring hand on his arm.
John felt a weird swooping sensation in his gut as he looked at him, like when you reach the crest of a hill in your car and then tip over the edge on the descent, he felt a little nauseous, but not from the alcohol, and the music became just a little bit too loud as something itched at the back of his brain, fighting it’s way in to his conscious mind.
“And the message John received…from Lady Watson?”
Tom stepped forward with a folded square of ebony velvet in hand. He unwrapped it carefully in his palm and there in the centre nestled two slim golden bands in the midst of a coil of delicate chain.
“The terrace is but six more houses long this way, but there is another, a young guide like the last to guide us back to the thoroughfare.”
“It will not,” I said in earnest, “our friends would not reveal us, and besides, there is nothing to see here nor to accuse us of.”
He took a moment to really consider what had brought him here – his own base desires, true, but some distinctly more bitter lay underneath it all. John Watson, stalwart and loyal had suffered nought but trouble since the day he had agreed to look at a flat with a mad stranger (him) which he had only just met, and almost four years later Sherlock’s toxic presence continued to hurt the man he had come to….love.
“I had a horrible feeling your little junkie act this morning was a little too convincing…is that what you were like…before you stopped?”
“Believe me, knowing Mycroft, it would be literal.” Sherlock raised his voice to be heard above the noise. It wasn’t an exaggeration. Not really. There was no doubt about Mycroft’s very real capability in that regard, but there was absolutely no need for John to know the twisted ins and outs of his family quite yet or their capacity for state-sanctioned murder.
“Well, I would never be bored would I?” he smiled openly, reassuringly.
Greg smiled, deep brown eyes crinkling at the corners, gazing at Mycroft like he was a gift he couldn’t wait to unwrap, when it was quite the opposite, Mycroft thought. He never ceased to marvel at the fact that he got to touch this man, undress him, have all of him, and to be desired in return. He remembered the night they met, not the most auspicious of circumstances obviously, arriving at the police station to collect Sherlock in the early hours - Greg had been the arresting officer. He had been completely unfazed by Mycroft’s undoubted wealth and status, chastised Sherlock soundly for causing him such worry, which he said he could see by Mycroft’s tight, white-knuckled grip on his umbrella, quite correctly of course. His incredible ability to see right through what he called the ‘Holmes family bullshit’ remained a constant source of wonder, and Mycroft had left that night with a number that had changed his life.
“What do you think genius” he snarked, as the sickly whiff of Chanel perfume hung heavy in the air.
He stared at the number on the screen, the one with no identifier and asked himself again why he couldn’t just delete it and forget, even though he knew that was useless, because five years had passed and there wasn’t a single day when he hadn’t thought about him, even if only for a moment.
painful and make one writhe on the cold hard ground squealing like the pig he was.
“You are taking the piss” John laughed, taking out the flask anyway and unscrewing the cap. He poured out the steaming liquid, almost orange like builder’s tea, the sort fit to stand your spoon up in (not literally). He handed it to Sherlock and he took a tentative sip, hot and wet, sliding down his throat like liquid gold settling warm and comforting in his stomach.
John pushed inside and made his way over to the crowded bar where he ordered a pint of dark, bitter Guiness, and then settled himself in a corner booth by the door. The pub was busy, so quite why this particular seat should be so conveniently empty stirred a sick, hollow feeling in the pit of Sherlock’s stomach. Time clicked by and the people in the pub passed around him as if he were a ghost, which he was in this context, an echo of another being from different universe, encroaching on this one. Two eyes blinked at him knowingly, a fat white cat, curled up under a stool near the bar.
He braced himself for the oncoming storm.
He stepped forward again, brandishing the hated tie and flipped Sherlock’s collar up, looped it around Sherlock neck and deftly twisted it into a perfect Windsor knot. He smiled in satisfaction and looked up to inspect his handiwork, as Sherlock reached down and stroked lazily up the length of his cock.
“I thought about you Sir” he continued, arching his back with a breathy sigh “Thought about your cock up my bum while I did it….oh I want it
Is this what Sherlock felt like, the times when he was high? Or was this why he got high, to block out this terrifying excess of everything?
“Ah, now we’re getting to it”, he said accusingly, “So let me get this straight…Instead of me sat at home pining for my broken marriage and wondering what the hell I did wrong, you think a one night stand with a nameless, faceless stranger will help console me in the depths of my misery?”
With every step towards their destination the landscape changed. Town houses and tree- lined avenues gave way to endless terraced rows, not a single house in the street the same, marking the passage of time and ownership. Smart boutiques and bijou coffee houses became greasy-spoon cafes and charity shops, shabby shop-fronts swirling with detritus as the wind whipped up yesterday’s news and discarded plastic carrier bags.
It was eleven thirty and filling up nicely, they only had a short wait in the queue outside , not enough time to freeze their bollocks off, before they were enveloped in garish décor and loud pulsing dance music. John could feel the beat vibrating in his bones as he struggled to take in his surroundings. It was an assault on the senses, not a trace of beer or sticky carpets, overlaid with a faint trace of piss or vomit, instead, a million different perfumes and colognes fought for dominance, everything just….glittered… from the shining tiles on the floor, to the disco balls rotating on the ceiling, to the drag queens in full glamorous evening gowns sporting the entire contents of the Boots and Superdrug make-up counters added together. It should have been awful, the stuff of hallucinogenic nightmares, but….the overall effect was magical, and he couldn’t stop the wide grin that threatened to split his face in two.
“Do you like it?”
“Yes. I did.”
“Yeah right”, said John with a grin, “That would do it…it is a cute one, if I do say so myself”.
Next.
“Listen, I have train to catch soon so I need to get a taxi to Paddington, I was going to stay another night, but well, you know”
“Shouldn’t we move or something, I feel a bit conspicuous standing here” John shuffled uncomfortably, nudging at Sherlock’s arm.
“And you would rather encourage a child to tell lies?”
“As you wish, my love”
“You might want to shut your mouth John, you’re starting to drool” Harry whispered in his ear, and he hurriedly ducked his head, quickly trying to swallow the half-chewed mouthful of food and hide his blazing face. He pressed a hand to his stomach in an attempt to quell the strange feeling swirling around inside him.
“What are you trying to do John? Is this what Sherlock would want? You in a prison cell for assault? It’s a good job I’m not in fucking uniform or I’d have slapped the cuffs on by now….so just calm it, you can’t storm over throwing accusations like that around and generally shooting your mouth off, okay?……so calm the fuck down”.
He hoped to fuck they would just make it quick.
He flapped around as if he had been stung before turning to look up at them, pure venom shining in his eyes.
Fast bikes. Fast boys. And an almost.
Then, of course, Victor chose that moment to step up behind him, curling an arm around his waist in a move that John could only describe as possessive, like marking his territory. He fought back the urge to punch the smug bastard, part for having the nerve to touch Sherlock at all, and part for not caring what anyone else thought of him for doing something undoubtedly so intimate, right in John’s face.
Sherlock opened his mouth to launch an extremely rude and obnoxious protest, prevented from spewing forth by the touch of a small warm hand curled softly around his wrist. He promptly swallowed the tirade of abuse and shut his jaw with a faint click.
“How original”
The attic boards were too fragile to stand upon lest we be cast into the room below. It was a precariously balancing act, the wood biting hard into our knees as we progressed, the stench of wood-smoke drifting from the chimneys somewhere far below, the bricks all blackened with soot.
“Sherlock? ….Have you met my father?”
“Are you feeling all right?”
Sherlock pulled his cock-head out and he felt warm liquid dribble down his thigh, Sherlock’s seed, his body’s evidence of how much he wanted John.
Dickensian London at Christmas-with smut! Posh kid Sherlock and scruffy urchin John (rich boy/poor boy historically inaccurate sex ensues - what's not to love?)
No-one could ever find out about this. Victor wouldn’t tell anyone, Sherlock trusted him implicitly, but maybe he was worrying for nothing, maybe John wouldn’t make the connection if he hid at the back and pretended he wasn’t here, he could pretend the shit wasn’t about to metaphorically hit the fan.
“Do you bring this little
The chair scraped back along the floor as he rose to stand, a jarring screech of rubber-tipped metal on ceramic which made him wince, everything too loud, too much in his heightened state.
Sherlock yawned, and rolled off his body obligingly, only to curl back up tightly, a long arm scrabbling around for the covers and pulling them up to his chin now that he no longer had a John-shaped hot water bottle.
“To observe John, I don’t have to get inside the building to understand what’s going on…that for instance” he said. He dropped to a crouch behind Volks Wagon Polo pulling John down beside him.
But Sherlock wasn’t finished apparently, he went on…
Sherlock didn’t love Victor, he loved John. The man before him had been an adolescent obsession, the ‘relationship’ such as it was, toxic and destructive, where Victor had indulged his own base desires with a naïve and precocious child.
“That I what?” John snapped, before he could finish. At the look on Sherlock’s face he regretted his outburst immediately. His face fell, and there was a brief moment of confusion before it too gave way to a blank mask of indifference.
Beloved Daughter
Sherlock would wear his Paul Smith suit, and the rest of them could go and fuck themselves.
John froze. Surely not.
He could hear the hand-dryer whirring as he approached, and though of Mary, drying a tiny vest stained with blackcurrant under the warm flow of air and knew in that instant he couldn’t. Not like this.
He looked over again as a group of four boys approached Sherlock from behind, friends perhaps, but they really didn’t look his type. The beefy blond in front called out to him as they drew near, but Sherlock walked on in the same relaxed way as if he hadn’t heard. As for what he was saying John couldn’t quite hear, but definitely nothing good, he could tell. It was there in the set of Sherlock’s shoulders and the way his arms tensed at his sides. John quickened his pace.
“We should probably go in now”
“No offence John”, he said, “I’m not doubting your integrity, but picking up randoms in a nightclub…I’m going to have to insist”, he glanced down at John’s cock pointedly.
“No, go on…I…I….you have a motorbike then? I think I’ve seen it. You ride it to school?”
And there he was, solid and real, and not a figment of a drug-addled imagination, blowing smoke rings in the air, just a normal cigarette this time.
“Direction of travel, towards Covent Garden but skirting round the edge, not heading through, the cobbles are more worn a greater proportion of ruts and holes, the driver has slowed but the roads are not busy, he means to spare the horse and pick the kindest route. I could smell the market at first, but now it has gone again, the hooves have lost much of their echo, lower buildings set more widely apart. Chelsea.” I finished as Tom eyed the closed dark blinds he’d drawn tight across the windows when we’d first climbed into the carriage, consternation and confusion etched upon his brow.
(It was the truth. For every Peterson there were a hundred Anderson’s)
But he couldn’t deny he was interested now that the seed had been planted. The sandy one was cute in a boy next door, plays a lot of outdoor sports sort of way, but the dark one was fucking incredible. His skin looked like it had never been exposed to a UV ray, flawlessly pale and shimmering possibly from some sort of body cream. Shit, now there was an image, long pale fingers slowly massaging soft lotion into his skin, dewy and fresh from the shower, before sliding his long legs into tight black, slashed at the knee jeans. His hair was a tousled mess, whether by artful design or hot and sweaty dancing John couldn’t really tell, but John loved the way it bounced as he moved, getting in his eyes a bit, the other boy reaching forward to gently brush it back. Dark hair had his arms draped over the other boys’ shoulders and he leaned in then, whispered something in his ear, smiling softly, foreheads pressed gently together. The other boy looked down coyly a small smile playing at his lips and John’s heart sank a little. Harry was probably right, they looked intimate, a couple, devastatingly cute and enviable boyfriends, grinding up against each other on the dancefloor. He felt like a leering old perv as the dark one tipped up the chin of his friend with a gentle finger and pressed a kiss to his lips, two chaste pecks at first and then mouths open and tongues swirling deep and dirty. They broke apart and laughed together, and it was then that John noticed a pair of rather disappointed young girls who had been eyeing the pair hopefully. Dark hair smirked and whispered to his friend again who waved an empty bottle in his face, then turned and walked away towards the bar, his face turned blank as he narrowed his eyes and glanced around as if looking for someone.
A door opened somewhere down below, a blast of voices raised in song. John kissed me again, slow and deep this time, parting my lips with his tongue and teasing my own with soft flicks enough to make me melt against him. His hand stole down my spine, pressing in the small of my back to draw me flush against him. He was hard just from his mouth on mine, and I felt his hot prick trapped beneath his clothes, against my hip. Thrusting forward, he moaned, and the hand that had been at my waist, sprang up and pulled my head back, grabbing at a fistful of my hair. “Ah!” I gasped, as he mouthed along the length of my jaw, and set at my neck with nips and licks that set my skin ablaze. He meant to mark me, where anyone could see. The thought should have scared, not thrilled, I should have thrown him off not pressed myself closer. The urge to feel overwhelmed, and I stole a hand in between our writhing bodies, dipping down between his legs. John shuddered, helpless, and buried his head in the crook of my neck. Deft fingers made light work of the placket of his breeches and my fingers made contact with firm, silken flesh sticky with his desire. “The door,” he panted, voice rough with arousal.
He scrunched up his eyes and bit down on his lip to stifle the moans and grunts that Sherlock was forcing up his throat.
He started a little as someone knocked on the door again, but it was only Greg, who passed him a bottle of water through the bathroom door.
Sherlock’s fingers dipped into the tray of hot food and held up the offending object for John’s inspection between forefinger and thumb, and from the expression on his face you would have thought it was a bloody hand grenade with the pin pulled out. It was approximately six inches long and dripping in grease.
My name is William Sherlock Scott Holmes, Sherlock hereafter, born in a small village in Lancashire of parents whom I wholly believed to be true and honest. We were wealthy and lived in great comfort, my father a successful merchant out of Liverpool, but all came undone in my ninth year when an unfortunate affliction ruined us, our fortune gambled away at the card tables and gin houses. My elder brother Mycroft, seven years my senior fought hard to recover our losses to no avail, and being but sixteen himself the task was too onerous to expect success. My father cast him off in shame and anger despite his most honourable of intentions, declaring that he should never darken his door again as long as he should live. The words proved prophetic beyond my wildest imaginings and in the sixth year of his absence both my parents were taken within a month by the small-pox, my father first, his loss hastening the demise of my beloved mama. It did indeed seize me in its turn, but my robust constitution and favourably mild symptoms soon delivered me from immediate danger and back to the fullest of health.
His head shot up as we entered the room and he leapt to his feet, a hand clasped tightly to the bedpost for balance. But his face beamed with joy when he saw me standing, with that wide unguarded smile that made his bright eyes crinkle most endearingly.
John, on the other hand needed this gig, even the daily dose of humiliation hadn’t put him off, so far…
John pushed open the heavy door of the Railway Arms and breathed in the warm fuggy smell of beer and something akin to wet dog. The lunchtime rush of office workers and city boys, slumming it with the commoners had given way to the die-hard student crowd, those with nothing better to do on a Tuesday afternoon than drink cheap lager and play pool until the bars and clubs opened, offering happy hour deals of two-for- one shots and three quid triple measures. If you didn’t have a permanent hangover on freshers week, you weren’t really trying. John didn’t have a hangover, he just had a headache. His morning with Sara had been tough and he hoped he wasn’t going to get more of the same disbelief and anger. Mike had been his best friend since primary school, always on the large size for his age he had acted as a kind of bodyguard for John on their first day, running the gauntlet of playground bullies and older kids who had seemed like giants to a tiny 5 year old John, that was, until John proved himself to be a scrappy little fighter, perfectly able to take care of himself. He remembered all the birthdays and scouts trips and sleepovers they had enjoyed over the years and hoped that all this hadn’t tainted Mike’s memories of those times and that he didn’t think John had been secretly fantasizing about him all along.
“Mary…I texted my mum and she sent it, the Women’s Institute Committee, remember?”
The Boyfriend.
He hadn’t, but it wasn’t a big deal, so he sucked the end of his finger to make it wet and scrubbed at the offending stain.
They moved out into the narrow hallway.
“You made quite an impression” Sherlock raised an eyebrow cheekily, “had one or two offers to take you off my hands on the way over…what was it that guy with the tattoos said? You can’t keep that cute little blond arse all to yourself now sugar, wanna share?”
John held out a jacket made of worn brown leather. Sherlock took it, almost reverently. It was old, and buttery soft to the touch, rubbed almost shiny at the elbows, and Sherlock felt the warmth and weight of it as he dropped his bag onto the floor at his feet and shrugged it on, on top of his hoodie. He wondered who it belonged to.
John sighed alongside me, and so I placed the pitcher back upon the chair as soft as I could manage so as not to wake him and turned over again, all the better to gaze upon him as he slept, snoring softly. Amused and enchanted in equal measure, I lay down, my hands folded upon the pillow beneath my head, so close I could feel the warm puffs of his breath on the side of my face, tickling at the curls of hair around my ear.
“God… just look at you…look how much you want it…” John gasped as he kicked his jeans the rest of the way off and crawled over Sherlock’s prone form, caging his body between his forearms. Sherlock stretched his head up, desperate for a kiss, back arching from the floor.
Sherlock could feel the blackness shimmering in his peripheral vision and white spots popped and danced before his eyes, he blundered towards the door like a blind man and Mycroft watched him go.
He knows this is selfish, because Irene won’t care, and they don’t feel like that about each other anyway, but he wants John all to himself.
Sherlock’s voice rumbled from somewhere between his legs.
Sherlock feels John grow more distant - but what does he really have planned?
“Hmm?....New…”
It had been a fruitful trip, on a visit to the apothecary he had procured a jar of salve, an ointment of dual purpose, to soothe my smarting skin and to grease up my arse and his cock. I dipped a tentative finger into this miracle concoction and declared it but an emulsified oil with no medicinal value bar as a lubricant. John just shrugged and said, ‘But is that not the point?’
Sherlock pulled him down, smearing their sweaty bodies together even more. They would need a shower, John thought, but after, after some very vigorous snogging. His cheeks stung slightly with the scrape of day-old stubble.
Sherlock’s brow furrowed as he thumbed through his phone with his right hand, flipping back and forwards compulsively. He raised a cigarette to his lips with his left, sucking in his cheeks to drag deeply as he inhaled, holding the smoke in his lungs before tilting his head to the side a little to exhale. He rubbed his left thumb absently at the corner of his mouth, cigarette still poised between his fingertips.
Even Mrs Hudson had succumbed, albeit to a lesser degree in a ‘comedy ‘ jumper with LED lights and a musical Christmas tree.
‘Sherlock here is fresh from the country Mr Weston sir, as pretty as a picture I’m sure you agree and innocent as the day he was born, with a hole as tight as the lock on the crown jewels that’s a guaranteed solid gold certainty….Tom’ she inclined her head towards the door, bidding him take me from the parlour to the back room while she talked terms with this ghastly vision, making clear to me in that moment that I was not the first to be presented to him in this way.
How could he protect John when he didn’t know who he needed protecting from?
Together, they pushed the tights down and off, the only thing left now, the little red hat with the silver bell on top, tinkling madly as Sherlock thrust his hips to grind against John’s cock.
“They had a thing once” was the only reply he could think of.
Sherlock rolled his eyes and gave John’s balls a squeeze as punishment, smirking at the strangled moan as he squirmed, caught between slapping Sherlock’s hand away and begging for more. In the end it wasn’t a choice. The begging would have to wait.
Sherlock interjected before the words had barely left his mouth, as if he had been telepathically reading his thoughts.
‘And the rest you know, for you found me there’
John wrapped finger and thumb around one taught nipple and pulled, twisted and pulled again. Before he had time to even process the pain John was biting again, tiny red indentations peppered over his skin. Sherlock’s breath caught in his chest as he caught the nub of flesh and pulled hard, stretched between clenched teeth. It was too much, and not enough at all and Sherlock wanted this more than anything even though it would ruin them both.
“I bloody hope so Sherlock…this is insane…what if turns out to be some fucking weirdo having a laugh, seriously, how can you trust someone on the other end of a computer keyboard?”
“It’s good to make friends outside your own circle”, she said wisely, “I did worry you would just stick with Mike….you wouldn’t believe it Sherlock, those two were inseparable, but then you know, high school happened and girls and they drifted a bit, especially when John met Sarah…”, she paused for a second and looked thoughtful, “but I was pleased when they decided to apply to the same University”, she finished with a wistful smile.
The door popped open and they stumbled inside. The flat was dark and silent, so Harry must still be out John thought pushing the door shut with his shoulder and leaning heavily against it. John needed a moment to collect himself. The taxi ride home had been….intense, and he could hardly believe that Sherlock (an extraordinary name for an extraordinary boy) was actually here in his sister’s flat, because in truth John had expected rejection, not a lithe and gorgeous dark-haired angel with a tongue piercing. Or should that be devil, he corrected as Sherlock proceeded to suck the hell out of his neck. Shit, his new employers would be less than impressed if he rocked up to work covered in love-bites.
“Come on give the kid a break…he’s been going out of his skin…”, said Greg in his defence as he saw John’s shoulders sag again and his face crumple, “I’m a copper, I’ll make sure he behaves, you have my word”.
Stupidly, all he could think of to do was to state the obvious. There were no words for this thing that was happening right before his eyes. It had been too long, five years, which seemed like half a lifetime to him, just the remnants of a hazy dream floating on the edges of his consciousness, but it was useless to pretend he wasn’t tempted. It had always been John and it would never be over, not really.
He’d been leaning forward, all the better to spit his bile at me, but now he visibly relaxed again, took his palms from the desk and leaned back in his chair, his face now a picture of composure thinking himself the victor.
“I am too old for you now sir, is that it?”, Sherlock said, leaning back against the headboard, not bothering to cover up yet, cock still at half-mast as the arousal slowly dissipated. It wouldn’t even warrant a wank this time, the feeling had already passed.
“Sherlock…god yes…Sherlock…fuck” an almost incoherent stream
I must confess it made my stomach turn in a most unpleasant manner, that anyone should think it fit to lay their hands upon him in so obvious a way. It was the first prick of jealousy, the first realisation that others would covet what I believed to be mine. But John was quick to explain, seeing my displeasure, that the clothes we sought were for me, his cousin, not him. The tailor then turned his attention to me and exclaimed that I was the most handsome young man he had seen in many a year and it would be his pleasure to fit me out.
We undressed, I hovering in bashful uncertainty in my smallclothes, feet bare against the wooden floor swaying slightly from the drink I had consumed. Tom had his back to me as yet, so I bolted under the thick woollen covers and pulled them up under my chin to supress my shivering limbs and hide my skinny adolescent form. Tom continued unabashed, stripping off every stitch until he stood gloriously naked and unashamed in the half-light.
At six o’ clock he pulled out of the car park in Mary’s car, with no clear idea of which way he would go. Left into town, or right, to the suburbs and his pristine marital home? He indicated right. Nope. If he was going to get through this torture tonight, he would definitely need a little help to cope. John indicated left instead, pulling out of the junction and heading straight for the Asda, a hundred yards down the road. Twenty minutes later he was back at the wheel, with a litre bottle of Jack Daniels on the passenger seat, his doctor’s bag wedged in front so it wouldn’t roll off onto the floor. The store had been full to bursting this close to Christmas, people wielding their trolleys like weapons of mass destruction, or Gladiator’s chariots, rampaging around the aisles.
Sherlock followed at a comfortable distance, even though by now he understood his anonymity was assured, but somehow he sensed that the normal rules of play didn’t apply when it came to him and John. The pub was half a mile away, standing between an Indian takeaway and an auto-spares shop.
He had to leave. Now.
He didn’t expect an answer and was surprised when Trent spat out
The first step he took sank him down past his ankles, the fresh snow not yet compacted and dense. John hoped Sherlock had managed to get home quickly, a few paces in this stuff and those canvas shoes he always wore, even in the dead of winter, would be soaking wet. He tried not to dwell too much on the reason why he had bolted from the house to venture back out into the freezing cold. John had been planning to ask him to stay over all along, like they used to, bunking up together and talking all night about rubbish, or whatever experiment Sherlock was working on that week. What if they could still do that, Sherlock stay over for the night? Well apparently they wouldn’t be doing an awful lot of talking this time…probably.
The boy rolled his eyes.
“Happy holiday’s mate” he winked as he let Irene shepherd him out of the room.
“Infinitely better. I no longer feel like I have a steel band playing in my skull or insects trying to scour my skin from the inside. I actually feel human again. I must say John, you’re being very accepting of all this now when you almost laid into Billy earlier”
“I’m quite fine you know…there’s no need to hover” Sherlock drawled, “just go and do whatever it is you normally do”
“What does that matter Lestrade….I explained how the paint on the victim’s clothes could only have come from the warehouse on Maxwell Farm Road….unreliable?....what do you mean inadmissible? Anderson could have searched until next year and he wouldn’t have come up with that……listen Lestrade….you either take my word or…..well on your head be it…..your ‘team’ are a bunch of fucking imbeciles” he stabbed at the screen and threw the phone across the room, where it knocked a stack of papers from the desk onto the floor.
“Is it too much to hope that you’ve reconsidered my kind offer?” she continued to focus on Sherlock, ignoring John completely, as if his presence meant nothing.
‘It gives me great joy’, she said at length, ‘that you be so pleased with young Tom here and he be with you by all accounts’.
Sebastian gurgled and choked, legs scrabbling wildly on the Chinese rug, hands clawing and scratching at John’s arms, trying to release the pressure around his neck.
“Don’t touch it. I’m not done yet”
He wasn’t quite sure why he did it in the end, pulling the paper across the table again while Mike still had his back turned, and carefully tearing out the ad in the bottom left-hand corner of the page. A momentary flash of insanity, probably, he mused as he folded the scrap two, three, four times and pushed it into the depths of his pocket, heart thumping wildly in his chest at the thought of it. This was hardly what his therapist had had in mind.
“For god’s sake call me John”.
John’s heart began to hammer wildly in his chest as they pushed open the doors. This was it, he was going to see him again, as a free agent this time, no complications. What should he do? What should he say? Should he wait for Sherlock to make the first move, or seek him out as soon as he went in? This was every bit as bad, if not worse than any first date he had ever been on, when John’s understanding had been , that the boy took the pressure off the girl by making all the first moves on a date, it was how he had always done it. But this was way different, Sherlock was a law unto himself and now all bets were off. At least a warning text would be acceptable, he thought, nothing too embarrassing or needy.
“You look far too smug Mycroft, even for you, so whatever you are going to tell me amused you greatly, which suggests it is something most certainly not to my advantage”
Sherlock continued along at exactly the same pace, head in his book, unhurried, content to bide his time.
“Fucks sake Sh’lock”.
I understood the sentiment, but for that simple twist of fate we may never have met. And so I told him of my family’s fall from grace by my father’s own mismanagement, by brother Mycroft and his estrangement while I was still a child, and then, the untimely deaths of both my parents. I could see his jaw, tensed and clenching with anger when I told him of Irene and how she hoodwinked me with the promise of employment and good fortune in the city, but I could not lay the blame at her feet for the life of me, for it was born of my own poor judgment.
“Do what?....Oh… do you mean this?” he grabbed John’s waist to pull them flush against each other, and circled his hips in a slow, teasing grind. John buried his head in Sherlock’s chest to stifle the moan that forced its way up his throat.
“I don’t think so, now get your hands off him or I’ll hurt you, you know?” John mimicked Trent’s own words back to him sneeringly.
“What did you just say?” the boy said with a hiss, now giving Victor his full attention, “Jesus Christ, you’re him aren’t you, bloody Victor Trevor?”
“Why would you do that? Were you trying off yourself? Or was it just another fucking game to you, like let’s fuck Victor….how much can my body take before it breaks? Jesus Christ Sherlock, were you that unhappy?”
“Sarcasm?”
It was Christmas Eve and Sherlock hung out of his bedroom window blowing smoke rings up into the sky. All protests regarding his room had fallen on deaf ears and Mummy was simply cross with him now.
Sherlock flushed as the rude word came out of his mouth.
Under the guise of the twitchy addict Sherlock’s eyes darted to and fro taking in every detail of the small flat, and it’s occupants, but John could practically see the cogs whirring inside his brain as he digested and assimilated the information before him, then turning his attention fully to the two bemused occupants. Elsa was short and curvaceous in stature, bleach-blonde hair about three weeks regrowth, various minor cuts and abrasions to the face and neck, also her hands. This much John could see for himself, but Sherlock must have found something else, as a brief smile of satisfaction ghosted across his lips.
Sherlock stifled a snigger at this description of John earning him a very sharp elbow to the stomach. He gave a soft ‘oof’ and John put out a warning hand to silence him, grabbing something warm and…oh god. He snatched his hand away again and wished he could just disappear or die of embarrassment, either option would do right now.
“I knew this was a bad idea” Sherlock spat, “I should never have agreed to let you come with me”
“Anthea, I need as much information as you can gather, through the usual channels on John Hamish Watson, first year Medicine, UCL”. He sighed. “ Oh, and Anthea, an update on the current whereabouts of Mr Victor Trevor if you will”.
James Tanner, school dickhead and bully. He was a thick as pig- shit, inbred, homophobic lowlife. He had singled Sherlock out at the beginning of the term as the lucky recipient of his own particularly repellent form of abuse. Usually he just ignored it, treated him with the contempt he deserved.
(John loves me, John adores me, freak that I am ) Sherlock needed to kiss him quite urgently.
He wished he could believe that himself. Moriarty was determined to recruit John to his gang and no-one ever dared to say no, well, everyone except John, and he had made his family a target because of his stubborn determination to go it alone. But working for Jim’s street gang meant doing jobs for Mr Magnusson too, breaking into the posh houses to steal papers and ‘secrets’, a dangerous game to play, cause it was harder to run if you got cornered in a house. He could blend into city streets quite well, and no-one ever seemed to notice a small, very ordinary-looking boy as he brushed by.
“What harm would it do Angela, to let the lad stay the night, just ring his parents and tell them I’ll drop him off first thing in the morning, how does that sound?” John smiled gratefully at Malcolm, at least one adult in the house was talking some sense.
He woke with a start at around three in the morning after a restless, unsatisfying dose, blinking in the darkness with no idea what had snapped him back to consciousness so abruptly. He untangled his sweaty limbs from the sheets and sat up. The room seemed unnaturally quiet.
‘I am well sir’ I said at last with a shaky exhale, and flinched a little at the sudden touch of his free hand, the right one, as he cupped my chin and turned my face towards him. His deep blue eyes were full of sadness and concern.
“About everything Sherlock, all the demons, the very worst of you”
He had tuned out of the general conversation about a half an hour ago, moving out of the crowded living room where the music was too loud to hear what Mike was saying to him, and the air too thick with cigarette smoke which made his eyes water and the back of his throat burn. He mouthed ‘going to get some air’, and shook his half-empty bottle in the universal sign language of ‘do you want another one?’ Mike smiled broadly and gave him the thumbs-up.
A clearing of throats and the scarcely concealed snuffling brought us back to ourselves, and I blushed with the intimacy of what had passed between us. Worthington called out a request that the bride should now be kissed according to tradition, and Oxley parried back with a hearty guffaw, exclaiming neither of us fit to play the part of blushing maid. Sarah mopped at her tears, and our dear friend Tom proposed we raise a toast instead in celebration.
(Maybe he should take his temperature….there were an awful lot of bugs going around...)
“Cheers Greg, we get it, but honestly it was just us two asking a few nosy questions that obviously struck a nerve with someone…sorry…it was stupid of us…we should have known better than to get involved” John was trying to shoulder the blame, well half of it at least, when nothing, none of it was his doing, it had all been down to him, Sherlock. John could lose his future career over this if he wasn’t careful.
And then, he reached his hand down between his own thighs, not mine, where the press of his length against my hip told of desire reawakened, and taking himself in hand he stroked it again to full effect. Satisfied with what he felt there, he took my hand in his and guiding it down, pressed my palm to the hot shaft and curled my fingers round it beneath his own. So smooth like velvet and delicious to the touch, stiffening still more under the heat of our two palms, it twitched with a life independent.
“And you John Watson, are a marvel yourself, with the sweet little innocent – ‘if you don’t mind me saying lovely lady, you can’t possibly take your clothes off and dry hump old pervs for a living’ routine, I would be genuinely worried if I didn’t already know how much you love my cock. It’s very seductive you know”
We twisted and turned in the water till our positions had been reversed and I started on my trail, just as he had minutes before, my hard cock pressed to the base of his spine as I worked.
The first sweet strains rang out, teased from the instrument by the sweeping bow held against the strings at just the right pressure, effortlessly coaxing the melody into existence, enhanced with a tremulous vibrato, low and soft at first transitioning seamlessly into galloping energetic trills and runs. Victor tore his gaze away with reluctance, unsurprised at how much it hurt, he drained the glass again and looked up to find the barman staring at the boy on the stage, rapt.
Oh god that felt so good.
For this, would we have been better served to reject the acquaintance outright?
He scrambled backwards and sat at the end of the bed panting, feeling ridiculously guilty for no reason.
“You worry too much”, John said, when we were alone, “You never were a whore Sherlock, not truly, for I am the first and the only that you ever had”.
“Is this a joke Mycroft, you can’t seriously be bothered by this, half the student body took drugs that night, so what?” he passed the picture over to John who spared it a cursory glance before handing it back to Mycroft who slotted it carefully back into the envelope. The second image depicted a similarly underage Sherlock, stripped to the waist, and this time caught in the midst of performing a very enthusiastic blow-job. Images three, four and five depicted the same scene from slightly different angles and moments in time. Sherlock on his knees between spread thighs, lips stretched around a long stiff cock, the face of the other boy cropped out of the picture, then the other boy standing, fists curled in soft dark hair with Sherlock clinging to his thighs while he had his face fucked. The final two were of a similar bent, Sherlock lying on the floor with someone else’s hand inside his pants, obviously returning the favour by giving him a wank.
It was lunchtime, and fairly busy, as Sherlock stood near the entrance scanning the faces by the bar, searching for familiar blond curls and a tall, honed physique. It had been over eighteen months but he knew he would recognise him anywhere, just from the briefest glimpse of the back of a head. Nothing. Sherlock let out the breath he hadn’t been aware he was holding and sank back down onto his heels, wondering if he was too early, but no, a quick glance at his home screen told him he was actually fifteen minutes late.
The receiving room was large and sumptuous with an abundance of velvet covered chaise and a large table of the finest walnut taking the central place, around which high-backed chairs were stood. Here, lain out for the enjoyment of the gentlemen and girls alike was a bountiful array of the finest fruits, breads, cheeses and cold-cuts, enough to sate the need for sustenance in the most ravenous of persons, the drink flowing freely with good wine and tankards of ale in abundance lending much to the atmosphere of decadence.
Right on the bottom, tucked safe beneath a layer of tissue were a series of drawings, a graphic novel in loose leaf, ten full pages of explicit gay pornography, and every single frame of it was real.
“Hey there Mike”
“On your own did you say?”
John pushed him away, skin tingling, wondering if he had just drawn blood. He pushed this admittedly erotic thought aside and sucked the last of the grease from his fingertips, shoving the polystyrene tray into a nearby bin.
‘Gladly sir’ I said at last.
(Not the awkward sex-talk then) John visibly relaxed.
“Your mum?” John asked, knowing how totally humiliating this was as Sherlock turned beet red and stood up, brushing dry grass off his arse.
‘Ah’, he smiled, ‘that is quite easy…come upstairs awhile and let me show you’.
“For fuck’s sake you little shit”, Victor shot back, “I haven’t done anything, I would never hurt him…but if you’d like to repeat those accusations in front of a lawyer then go ahead…and then we’ll see who comes out of this worse”.
But I didn’t think he was…you know
Sherlock rolled his eyes at John
“John? Are you okay?”
He dimly registered Sherlock, patience finally worn thin, bring a long, pale hand to his aching groin, stroking slowly down his length with a shivering groan.
“What do you want to be when you grow up?” John asked him one afternoon as they destroyed the neat piles of fallen leaves that had been gathered by the park –keeper, jumping and laughing, throwing huge handfuls at each other.
“Because you have a talent for trouble Sherlock dear, I am your mother after all, and know your habits only too well, and you’re being rather rude too, aren’t you going to introduce me to this charming young man?”
There were more delays while John fussed around, concocting a ridiculous quantity of warm milky tea in a large glass measuring jug. He poured it into a big silver thermos flask that Sherlock had never even seen before. (And this was his bloody house) Sherlock sat on a high stool at the breakfast bar, absently munching on a packet of bland salted crisps, a Mars Bar in front of him, next in line. It was the first thing John had done when they came downstairs, searched the kitchen cupboards for something quick and edible. Sherlock of course, had made his protests known.
It was the same for him, swept away by this strange, impetuous boy. He pulled him down to the bed and wrapped him in a tight embrace, a tangle of arms and legs.
However, I welcomed their attentions, the petting and cajoling like twittering birds designed to show the fair side only, the gaudy finery and gaiety of a brightly painted illusion which masked the unseemly nature of their daily lives. But despite my recognition of the façade, it was also truth that the girls were happy, well-fed and clothed with a life infinitely better than that of the common street whore.
“And take this as a warning Sherlock, if I catch you again, I’ll take you both in. Public indecency? Tut…tut…whatever would Mummy say” Greg gave a throaty chuckle as his footsteps retreated back the way they came.
“Better get back into bed like a good little boy John” he called back, over his shoulder, “wouldn’t want to ruin the pristine reputation of Gryffindor House now, would we?”
“I can’t tell from here, we have to go in”.
‘Sir’ I called prodding at his prone form as a growing wetness soaked into my breeches, ‘are you well sir?’
Sherlock shrugged too exhausted to express the extent of the fucks he could not give.
He held out his hand and Sherlock snatched at the bag pushing it hastily into his pocket, ashamed of his weakness. John had been hanging back at little, mildly amused at the snarky exchange and glad that for once he wasn’t the one on the receiving end. But the sight of the bag made him gasp and start forward. Billy looked on in open amusement.
“Yes”, I interrupted, my voice rendered rough and deep with emotion, I could no longer bear to see him struggle so. “Yes, yes! A thousand times yes! John Watson you did scare me…I thought, I thought….” But in truth I did not what it was that I thought, beyond the fact that my John loved me, and had offered me his hand.
“Well Sherlock obviously didn’t….find it hard to swallow that is…kudos on the deep-throat mate, you’re a bloody blow-job savant”
“ Ah good, you think they’re hiding something too! They may tell us nothing, but it’s worth a try, don’t you think?”
“Hey you”, John said and bent forward hands braced by Sherlock’s head and kissed him. He dropped the used flannel on the floor and climbed back beneath the sheets where they kissed, slow and unhurried now, John dipping his tongue back again and again to swipe across his piercing. “You could stay…if you want”, John said hesitantly.
Victor snapped on the light.
The large office felt suddenly cramped and hot.
“You don’t look gay” (here we go)
Truth it was then.
But it wasn’t an actual proper kiss, no, really, it wasn’t.
John looked at him with a grateful smile. He glanced at cook and she nodded her assent, satisfied with the meal he had consumed, under orders from Mama, no doubt, to make sure he didn’t leave the table before he had eaten his fill.
“And you’re definitely not attracted to Charlotte?”
“You have seen him then, spoken to him?”
“Not hacking into confidential police files again?”
He inched further up, made it to John’s knee and found he could rest it on the seat between John’s legs. He wiggled his toes and John sucked in a breath, inhaling his own saliva which triggered an explosive coughing fit.
Sherlock hung up the phone and sat for a while, twiddling with the aerial. John had asked him to the party and he had said yes, then John had said ‘that’s all I want’ and oh fuck, what the hell was he going to do now?
He hummed with pleasure, vibrating along the length of John’s cock, and John gripped his hair tighter and fucked forward into his mouth. He sucked John down further, as far as he could go, and it was glorious, choking a little on his length when John jerked forward again, a bit too far. Hot liquid pooled at the corners of his eyes and his lips were a wet mess of drool, but there was nothing better than this, Sherlock knew, not a single damn thing, than on his knees for John, sucking on his dick.
Sherlock took a large sip from his glass and shuddered as he swallowed. He bloody hated wine, where was the sodding vodka?
‘Will the work be very hard Irene?, I have little to offer but my mind’ I asked, shielded from the fate that was soon to befall me by my youthful innocence.
And it was only going to get worse, John was calling out the register now, any minute, any second, he would see Sherlock’s name and the world would end.
John had felt it creeping up. Being in the same room as Sherlock made his heart beat out of his chest like he had just run a bloody marathon, and tonight, in the hallway, that familiar scent of strawberries in his hair and that bloody expensive aftershave that John could never pronounce had made John want to do things to him, right then and there, but instead he had called him ‘squirt’ as if Sherlock was still a little kid and not all tall and gorgeous and fucking outright sexy with those razor-sharp cheekbones and the collar turned up on his coat.
John tugged the helmet from his head. He ran an absent hand through his hair, mussing up the flattened tufts that had stuck to his scalp with a thin film of sweat.
The parson cleared his throat then, breaking the spell between us.  “I believe there are rings to exchange are there not?”
He could leave now, go back downstairs and find Mike, maybe sink another couple of beers and find a completely different bathroom to relieve himself in. He could dance a bit, bum a cheeky cigarette and maybe find that pretty blonde girl again who’d been smiling at him half the night and who he knew had a room in the same building as him. They could go home together, maybe have a snog and a grope on the sofa, and then she would yawn and say she was tired when she wasn’t really, waiting for John to make the move and take her to bed, and then….
“It’s like part of me has been dead for, like, forever, I don’t know, I just didn’t think there was anything else, this was just how things would be, for me, normal John doing normal things having a normal life, but that fucking town, where we live, it was just sucking all the life out of me, every day just grey and stifling. Leaving there, coming here, it was like I’d been living in a black and white TV or something, and now its full colour fifty two inch widescreen”.
Her hand curled around my wrist and squeezed, and in that small gesture I saw the Irene of old, my childhood friend, my playmate, and wondered with sadness how we had ever come to this. She had not come here alone, for a finely dressed gentleman, in a style much as my own came upon us, his face still concealed by the mask he wore in delicate blue and silver with eyes that flashed beneath the same. He gave a start when he saw me, a spark of recognition ignited and I stared in momentary consternation that another of my limited acquaintance might have found me in this place. He was not of John’s set, or of Charle’s, older by ten years or more, I had not seen him frequenting St James, Pall Mall or Holburn, and then, by god and then, I knew, my final night in the brothel, the mysterious gent that had sat at my side and teased me for my innocence, the rich and powerful Mr V who Susan had insisted had ‘chosen’ me, a notion which I’d most emphatically rebuffed. And with Irene’s connection to that household, the circle was complete.
