a game show where i'm asked 'for a million dollars, describe what the plot of season 13 is' and i run off stage as the camera chases me through the production hallway and i steal someone's convertible in the parking lot
He put the phone down to stand up and walk around the room for a few minutes before he sat back down.
Cas sighed and peeled Dean’s loosened arms off him as he got up, now that Dean was smug enough to let go. Cas turned on the lamp and turned around, sitting on the edge of the bed, to scowl at him.
and indulged in another sigh before walking back to the car to get his bags, “What can you even say to him?”
There was a wolf-whistle, and the other man laughed, “Whoa! Interesting marriage you got there, Dean. What do you think about this Cas, Dan, she’s gotta be a wildcat or what?”
Cas’s fingers paused on the phone before he looked at the pizza place and texted the name to Sam along with
“Make you feel real,” and there was such a low, dead-serious promise to it that Cas inhaled as silently as he could.
Something was falling from the sky, a shooting star that had curved loose and was embering down, a firework in reverse. The gold light disappeared into the thick of the woods. He did not see it land. He thought, well, that’s something. And then curled up against a tree and lost consciousness.
Dean fought the urge to yell and instead just exhaled at the walls, at the ceiling, skin itching, “Because, Cas. You’re different in the future. One human child means a lot to you. Her mom means a lot to you. The fact you let it happen means a lot to you.”
“But you’ll keep an eye out for him, won’t you? And tell him… Tell him his dear mother’s looking for him? No tricks, no schemes, just an– an open door?”
To his surprise, she was waiting for him in the parking lot, as cars began to file out before nightfall. She was leaning against a bruised, blue sedan, with her arms crossed. He stood and waited several feet away. She nodded to the Impala.
or any number of silly things that were now so laden with meaning that Cas was more scandalized to hear them than by what they were doing. Shaking in each other’s arms. Encouragements, coaxing, soothing. Laughing, quietly, privately, when someone had to move an elbow out of someone’s stomach or get up to find lube, a rag.
Sometimes the trick was that it was Jack coming to rescue him. Sweet, trying to be brave, until Jack’s smile would crack, and Cas would hold him close and let him cry against his shoulder. Cas would stroke the back of his head and murmur paternal assurances that came to him– more than anything else had in his life– naturally. Eventually Jack would wipe his eyes, and take his hand and explain in a blunt, easy way how he had absorbed God’s powers or bent the rules of space and time or he and Sam and Dean had researched and Rowena had helped them find a backdoor through Hell– and it was very easy for Cas to pretend it all made sense, because he was so happy to hear Jack happy.
“Hey, man, fuck you. I know you only use those words when you want to pretend you’re too smart for us primates. I read, you know? I know what erudite means. Maybe if you weren’t God’s cattiest little angel–”
“Weirdly, yeah, I do. She’s not the first friend of ours to have a… Well, a fucked up history. But I really do think she’s changed. Dude, she said Billie was hanging out with her."
His coat was gone. Dean could imagine an employee at the front door raising their eyebrows at a wild-eyed man, alone, trying to come in wearing a trenchcoat. His suit jacket was also gone. The tie was loose, and the white shirt was unbuttoned and rumbled. Dumbass probably left the iron bar in his jacket. His face was flushed, which might have had something to do with the the men on either side of him.
“What?” Dean repeated himself, feeling like a child; the Cas in the fantasy said he’d do whatever Dean wanted, stay or leave or let Dean live his stupid life the way he’d always lived it, and the real Cas had a barrel at his head, “What if we need you?”
“Thank you,” Dean nodded firmly, satisfied, “You hungry? We gotta pick up Sam, he’s bringing Charlie her car. We could get breakfast somewhere in town.”
“Anyway, don’t let your arms get tired holding up that boombox, Dean; here’s ‘In Your Eyes,’ by Peter Gabriel!”
“Cas took your mom, huh? Well, he can make it so I don’t feel hungry. Maybe he can do the same for you,” he looked around, “Or maybe I could just feed you myself if I knew where she keeps that kind of thing.”
Dean looked blankly, still at their hands, and then laughed shakily, “You old heartbreaker. Okay. Tell Renee I’m sorry then.”
Eventually, Cas thought it would be best to let the bright colors and lights of the slot machines lure him away from the tables, and Eileen, being a good person, followed him. They found relatively peaceful machines near the edge of the casino room, across from the gift shop and the curious stares of children walking with their parents on the permitted strip of carpet that led from the lobby to the elevators. They had a large cup of dimes between them. They had already bought and been gifted some drinks.
Dean sounded far away, “I just don’t want you to live like this any longer than you have to, Cas. I don’t want you to be scared. But you have to come back. I don’t know how to make it easier for you. But what you’re doing now, it’s not good for you. Maybe at first but not anymore. I can’t keep pretending it is. You have to come home.”
There was always a cameo from Doctor Sexy himself, where he’d walk past and pat Dean on the shoulder while he was drilling someone with their legs around his waist or on all fours with their ass pressed against his hips, and tell him he was doing a fine job. Sometimes the dream would even start with Doctor Sexy asking Dean if he could help him with something, and leading him to a room, and pulling back the curtain to reveal a woman lounging smugly back on the cheap pillows, her leg drawn up to pull her dress up even further. Or as the years passed, a woman pulling a shirt over her head to reveal a bargain bra and nodding briskly at Dean as she shucked off her pants, telling him to do the same.
He sensed something cold and painful waiting for him in the empty room, the same way he’d sensed last night something warm and wonderful waiting at the end of an album that had been treasured and then given away and then bought in a collection of other albums for a handful of cash. He thumbed through the book, and found the page he was looking for. He wrote something on a piece of paper on the desk, some loose notebook paper with reminders and notes on them, and tucked it into the book before closing it.
Sometimes Dean would hear Cas and Sam talking in their shared room (the quarters with the bunks that he and Sam had shared as kids). Dean would raise his eyebrows and stretch lazily while he eavesdropped; it started with Sam asking too many questions, too excited, while Cas would give short, bored answers. After a few too many rude responses, Dean had half a mind to drop Cas off at the nearest Federation outpost; but eventually Cas was the one asking questions, and Sam was the one laughing and giving patient answers.
“Yeah. We did the full rundown. Actually called Cas about it for some help, he didn’t mention he’d moved– but she seems fine. Was wandering around for a month, had a shaky memory.”
had an erection. It was his face, or one of his faces, that flushed and burned while Dean rubbed the heel of his hand over his cheek, yawning. Dean laughed, bitterly? No, again, that tired amusement, that might have been irritation or endearment. The vessel’s heart, Cas’s roommate in this body-house, pounded terribly.
The pastor liked his work ethic well enough but it was a small church and there was only so much to clean, and he said that Mr. Winchester should go to city hall and ask for some work there with Pastor Harken’s recommendation. Mr. Winchester walked down the street and nodded at passerby and tried not to hate the feeling of a hat on his head, and at city hall they told him to go help at the ranch if he wanted work. Well, how far is that, Mister Mayor? It’s a three mile walk from here, Mr. Winchester, so you better get walking.
“What are you talking about? You don’t want me hanging off your shoulder the whole time, you’ll never meet anyone like that. That’s half the fun.”
Something in his voice must have given his fear away, because Sam cut in, “Hey, hey. Cas. Breathe in, breathe out. Okay? We’re just talking. You still there?”
“No, that’s cool. I’m just talking about sleeping in the same bed though. I just–“ Dean bit his lip, “I just don’t want to wake up and you’re not there.”
“I know. I’m sorry. I just– All the stuff I’ve been talking to her about Sam, and my parents, and all that shit, and then today I just woke up thinking– Codependency! That’s the fucking word. Codependent. That’s my bullshit. But what I mean is… what if I don’t know how to love people right? I know, I know, you think I’m full of love. But I started thinking maybe it was all rotten. You can have all the food in the world but if it’s rotten it will still make you sick, right? And I was worried I was making you sick. That we were both making each other sick. And that we needed to throw out whatever was making us sick and start over instead of… instead of trying to make this work.”
“Dean,” Cas wondered if this was the iceberg, the thing that would break the illusion or torch reality, any chance of happiness, and he wanted to say it more than ever, “I stand by everything I said to you these last months about Jack, and what I said to you before I died. I’m so glad you’re with him. And he wants you in his life. But if I had been around when you tried to put him in that box, or if you had ever hurt him... I’ll always pick him over you. I would have killed you.”
be dead? I didn’t even need your guys’ help to get out of that bind, he should be thanking me for saving him the trouble.”
“I want to be,” and there were so many things he wanted that he could not let the list pour out without sounding greedy; he wanted to be Jack’s father, he wanted to sleep in the same bed as Dean, he wanted to be Sam’s best friend and drink and play board games again until they were both laughing noiselessly with their hands over their stomachs, he wanted to sit alone in a room and hear his family living and talking in the rooms around him, he wanted to be safely a part of something, in a way that always felt out of reach, “I want to be home.”
“Yes. I–” and though he meant to say it so bluntly as a joke, even that was almost too hard and his voice dropped a beat, “I want you to sleep in my bed with me.”
An ambulance whistled down the street. The waiter coming over to pour their coffee watched it go, looking tired, and shook their head.
Dusty had relocated to Jack’s bedroom at night, after finding the door to Dean’s closed so often (“It’s just weird if we’re making out and the cat’s watching, you know?”) Jack and Sam had gotten into an alarmingly non-hypothetical argument about why they couldn’t just kill Jeff Bezos; Jack hadn’t seen it as any different than anybody else they’d fought, he was ruining the Earth on a major scale wasn’t he? And Sam had made an increasingly half-hearted effort to argue that murder was wrong. Dean and Cas had watched from the couch, Cas tapping a nervous finger against Dean’s shoulder, but otherwise silent. Eileen was at the library studying for a teaching degree, though she was still unsure if she planned to follow through on it. Sam had eventually conceded that it was dangerous; but that Jack wasn’t
Dean got up and fumbled around in the top drawer. Cas watched him. He could do that now; there was no shame, no discreet turn of the head when he was worried he would be caught, no burn of guilt when he was noticed. He could watch Dean live his life and meet his eye when Dean turned to watch him live his own. And of all the strange intimacies they had shared for so long, there was still something startling about when they looked at each other now and acknowledged they were seeing and being seen with desire.
“Yes, dear, but sometimes a motel shower and a laundromat just aren’t the same. Do those pants fit?”
He did not need to ask, but it was good to say his name. It was not the man he'd left behind in the 21st century, not Jimmy Novak, not borrowing a man's body, but it was Cas through and through. It was Cas who frowned at him in a strange and borrowed mouth.
Dean watched him until he was sure he was asleep again. His heart was racing. He grabbed his phone out of his jeans and put on his underwear and snuck into the bathroom, leaving the lights off.
Cas hesitated long enough to consider if that was an innuendo, and then returned to chasing Dean patiently around the car, “We’ll still remember it in the morning.”
“Great,” Cas could still feel Dean trying to retreat, “Great, cool, we can figure that out when you get back–“
The last text had been two days ago. It had been two weeks since he’d stolen the car. It was currently 10 pm, and 11 pm in Kansas.
They stood on the cold road. Cas replied quietly, and Dean wanted to collapse in relief at the way his face seemed to soften with sympathy, “I told you. I’m not going to remember any of this. I’m sorry.”
It had been nerve-wracking, though he had plenty of cold filing-cabinet heavenly knowledge of every kind of intimacy invented since the animals started doing it on land, and some videos he’d searched online that had caused Sam to pull him aside and show him how to use the incognito tab. He’d laid in bed and tried to think of himself as Billy Crystal kissing Meg Ryan, or Meg Ryan being kissed by Tom Hanks, or the businessman from New York who had caught the eye of an experienced country farm-hand at the stables of a resort in that one movie with very low production value. He tried to think of himself as the men in the movies where the men survived until the end, being kissed by another man. And that last daydream had always brought to mind a specific face, more than the pornos did, and he’d get up and turn on a light to shoo away the green eyes in the back of his mind where he tried not to look.
The man did not mind that Cas did not know how to dance, and just let him sway awkwardly in his arms. He told Cas to put his hands on his waist, and that was more comfortable. They both laughed, trying to figure out how to step together.
Cas huddled his head between his shoulders by an incremental amount, “I’m just surprised. I didn’t expect it.”
Dean managed to make it to the couch in the sitting room, (the more clinical one, not the one from last night, not with a hot iron poker at his back, no thank you) and he collapsed onto it and wondered, not for the first time, what on God’s green and rapidly warming earth was wrong with him. Sure. It was a planet full of grime and pollution and murder and war and it was full of hateful people who never got what was coming to them and a lot of people doing their best who got garrotted and shot down and burned alive and skeletons and ghosts and all kinds of knives and guns. There was a hell and a bunch of dicks in heaven. And they always said that stuff was part of God’s plan. Okay. Sure. But was this? Was it really so necessary to some great house of cards that he be such a dumb son of a bitch?
Cas sighed, and tilted his head up towards the ceiling, “I did not want to leave you in the church smelling like manure. The pastor is a kind man.”
Cas held another hand over the first one, hovering over it, both palms down, “And this is the plane of existence which my people are from.”
“I’ve never lain like this with someone. Even weakened as I am now, I could destroy this whole house and you with it,” Cas’s head pressed into his shoulder, “Yet this means something to me.”
She straightened up and started dragging the straw over the ketchup on her empty plate, “I don’t know. I don’t want to go back to school. I don’t want to be a veterinarian or a business major or teacher or whatever.”
Cas was doing the mental math of honoring Claire’s trust while suddenly being deeply worried that Kaia was right.
“It’s okay. It’s okay, sweetheart, I got you. I just need you to know… I need to know you know that,” the hands clenched on the back of his shirt, “I love you. I’m sorry. I should have gotten over myself and said it to you a long time ago. I didn’t think– I thought you at least knew that I couldn’t just get over losing you. I’ve done it too many times. This is all so fucking new to me. Except the losing you part. I got that part down.”
“He’s the man I met at the pizza place. He’s a professor. I slept with him and you picked me up the next morning.”
Cas sat in the other armchair. Dean sat on the couch so they could face each other. They could not stop staring at each other across the four feet of distance.
There were two quarters, and three beds. By someone or something’s good graces, all the beds were the same size, so Dean was able to exile all seven feet of Sam back to their old childhood bunks without feeling like a complete monster. Cas took Dean’s old bed, on the top bunk. When they were within the safe embrace of a planet’s docking station or the tracking beam of a friendly starship willing to tow them around like a flea on an ox, they all split off to sleep. Sometimes they even got to take what Dean called ‘shore leave’ to Sam’s lack of amusement, and tipped down to a surface to spend money rather than scrounge around or hustle for it. Sam would take Cas to museums, universities, and libraries. Dean would convince one of them, both if it was a lucky day, to let him drag them to bars, clubs, races, fights, restaurants. Him and Sam could both agree on a natural landmark that was quiet and out of the way. Cas either disappeared, stayed on the ship, or followed them around through the crowded streets or rugged mountain trails.
He knocked one more time. Then he lowered his hand, just as the music cut off and Dean opened the door.
Hold on! Hold on, said the memories of the Empty. You really think things this nice really happen? To you? What exactly are you doing over there? Who are you kidding?
“I’m perfectly fine–” No, he wasn’t perfectly fine, either at the bar alone or at night in the bunker alone, he wasn’t going to stand here and lie about this, “Thank you. I know you meant well.”
song though. Dean, next time bring your A-game if you’re gonna try and make googly eyes at our brother over the radio. B, you wanna add anything?”
, that would sometimes flutter around Cas’s grace like a moth. And in the last decade, Dean had aged in that terrifying pace of humans and Cas no longer knew him so well. He knew him the way humans knew each other, which was tenuously and incompletely, always changing around each other. He wanted to know him. He loved Dean and he did not always trust him. It was unconditional love, and Cas knew that was the hot coal in the mouth, picking-the-knife-up-by-the-blade kind of love. He breathed into the phone and remembered to speak.
Sam watched in increasingly relaxed surprise as Dean and Harold got along. Cas seemed similarly euphoric that nothing bad was happening. Charlie showed up and scooted next to Dean and Sam, and leaned over the cups of coffee and tea to shake hands with Harold.
“I think I’m going to mix Lucky Charms with Frosted Flakes. Dean said I needed more fiber in my diet.”
“And if you don’t ever feel ready, we don’t have to do anything. I don’t want you to feel pressured. Just sharing my life with you is enough for me.”
And then he frowned, as if the phrase ‘adult mom’ and ‘Claire’ in the same sentence was a grim reminder. Dean tried not to sound like a kiss-ass.
He pulled away. Cas stared at him as if he’d started levitating and howling. Then looked around at the lake, the moonlight, the quiet night with nobody else, and something in his face changed, from dread to relief to grave resignation. He turned back to Dean and pulled him in by the collar. Dean laughed, and held onto his elbows as Cas straddled him and fisted both hands in his shirt to kiss him deeper. His coat hung loose and draped over the both of them like a cocoon. The blanket slid off the front of the car and into the dirt. The beer bottle had already rolled away.
Jack’s friends had planned to go camping for a week, and though they were all old enough, their parents had thought it would be fun if they got their own site for the last day of the trip (with assurances that it was as far as possible from the kids’). Jack and Cas planned on splitting up from the group and going on a small road trip together once it was over. Dean, Sam, and Eileen had been invited; but Eileen had declined, not knowing the other families very well, Sam because he did not like camping, and Dean because–
Dean had forgotten the assumption that Cas would forget everything, and refused to think about it while pleading, “Say it to me. Please. I already know you have doubts. I know you question things. I know it scares you, and that this is all before you even meet me. You tell me in the future. But it’s good that you do. You have to trust me, man. You need to have doubts and questions.”
Sam was sitting in a lawn chair he’d brought up, “I mean. Not anymore, they act like a couple that broke up. I just thought it seemed like they were close.”
He’s a weird, serious dude and then he’ll care about the smallest, dumbest things. He wants to make people happy. He puts up with too much shit but, when he doesn’t... That intensity,” Dean’s eyebrows jumped, “
and then threw the man against the host podium so the corner of it hit him square in the back before tumbling over. He could! He could still do it.
Cas realized he was sitting in the Impala. During the conversation he had taken all his bags out of the hotel room and thrown them in the back. He had tossed the card key in the slot by the front desk. The key was in the ignition.
Dean swiveled his head around to watch Cass follow Doctor Sexy to a second bed, suddenly five feet away in the room.
as a joke before almost choking on it). When Dean finished, Cas stood up and smoothed down his skirt.
“Sam. She manipulated you for months. She put you in a terrible position. You have nothing to apologize to her for.”
Sam signed everything behind Jack, and Cas felt Eileen rest her head on her folded arms on the back of the couch. Jack bowed his head slightly, and sat down. Dean mouthed something so quietly to him that it escaped Cas completely, something only Jack could hear.
They ended up breaking into the former sanitarium, now the Hart-Dole-Inouye Federal Center. They fought through swarms of the ghosts of veterans, the ghosts of Seven Day Adventists brandishing graham crackers, of doctors and nurses running after them with belted stretchers and scalpels. There was an inscription on a window in the lobby,
A huff, and he finally turned to see Cas grinning down at his hands in his lap. Cas noticed him and looked up, still smiling if a little worn down.
“Hey, Cas,” his greeting already had a guilty, sing-song quality to it that made Cas narrow his eyes, “How are ya?”
Sam had offered a good trick; whenever Cas was on the phone with Jack, he could start scribbling on a hotel pad. Something else to look at and think of, like avoiding staring at the sun or a basilisk head-on; instead he looked at a real estate agent’s peroxide grin and the loops of the branded pen. He had drawn an interpretation of a crowd of trees with crows flying out.
“Hey, Cas. Cas. Look at me. Whatever you’re trying to do, forget it. Give up. Send me home, keep your head down. Forget the firmness of the timeline or whatever. If you get killed here, we’ll never…” He looked at Cas’s mouth, hardly thinking of sex but thinking of the years and years that had not come to pass.
“The site didn’t have any more info, but I remembered seeing something about them in this book of rare monsters. They’re drawn to good dreams. When they tell you not to look in a mirror if you’re lucid dreaming? It’s because these things can be waiting for you, to absorb your life force. They're usually not strong enough to kill anyone, but this one must have gotten enough juice to start manipulating events in the real world. It was probably reshaping the spell with its own magic.”
“I–” Cas looked genuinely stressed now, and scratched his eyebrow (a tic that Dean had to think came from him or Sam), “I was just thinking of something.”
Cas melted into a tired smile, “No. I mean, she sang a version of that song. That’s where I knew it.”
“Yes, I would really love to ‘thank’ him for being the reason I’m an aging human sharing a two-bedroom with my brother now.”
“You can turn me down if you’d like. And it doesn’t have to mean anything more than it is. But you’ve got sweet eyes. There’s still a few more songs on the machine before they close up. You wanna dance?”
Cas didn’t start undressing until Dean had taken his boots and shirt off. And then Dean waited, without one shit-eating grin, as Cas stared at him the entire time he took off his own jacket and unbuttoned his shirt. It felt like a giant drum in the back of his skull would pound every time he started to think
“Oh, and what, you would have handled that appropriately? ‘Hi, Dean, I know even the slightest risk of sincerity sends you running for a six-pack and a pornographic film unless I’m literally dying in your arms, but can I kiss you?’ That would have been fine?”
“I told Cas,” Dean was wiping his hands with a dish towel in the kitchen while the oven hummed, “Figured we could all go visit Claire while we’re up there.”
Dean sighed, and put his hand between them on the bed, now magically wide enough that they each had their own personal space, “Not your fault.”
He knew that Dean would want to stay the night, and that Cas would not be allowed to, “I can pick you up in the morning.”
“Dean, I’m honestly just listing off the most basic 101 psych shit I can think of. It turns out there are six billion people on this planet and relationship problems did not start or end with you.”
“Dean. I’m sorry. Lily Sunder’s child was still killed. So was Akobel. I didn’t realize Ishim played a part, but,” Cas breathed and looked away, and then back with guilt, “I did have my memory wiped. I don’t remember killing Ishim. But I remember being called to Akobel’s execution. He was suspected of growing too close to Sunder, and there were accusations that he was planning on having a nephilim with her, on purpose to use it as– as a weapon. The child saw us. We didn’t realize there was one in the house. They didn’t survive seeing his true form before he died. Lily still came to get revenge.”
He was so used to having a gun or a blade on him. He’d kept Ms. Crocker’s biggest knife in his belt and figured he’d be fine, it’s not like anybody in the village was mysteriously disappearing, so what could happen? So he pulled out the knife, turned around, and brandished it at a headless body.
“Okay. I just don’t want you to feel like I’m the only one who gets to uproot and change our lives.”
“Not here. Not inside this place,” and the bit of spite and hate directed towards this home, however unusual it was, spiked Cas’s worry, but he followed Dean anyways.
“Yeah, me and Sam were like oh? And thank God Sammy was there because he takes the reins and asks all these questions, like uh, fuck, what are they called, pronouns? Like, Jack, you want other pronouns?”
“Well, I want to be upset,” Dean crossed his arms and tried to sound mature, as Cas sat cross-legged next to him.
I’ve heard prayers before but they haven’t been addressed to me in a long time. And never so…” He didn’t finish, and turned his head back fully towards the window.
but it felt so forced and goofy that he tossed the phone to the other side of the backseat. Nothing like an existential crisis standing at a bar full of twenty-somethings realizing that you’re older than your parents when they met each other and you’d rather be home in bed by 10 pm. And just earlier that day you had a clear picture of how the night would end, a comforting arm slung around a friend in the backseat of this weird car together and telling him
“You’re different. I guess when I met you you were flying high on being my savior and everything. Thought you could boss me around,”
The call did drop, and Cas stared at the phone as if it would ring again, and the screen went black. He touched the button to light it up again, and it went black again, and he went to sleep.
Cas crawled into the space made for him. The rain went on and on far away but close enough to hear under the sounds of breathing and pleading and the moving of bodies and sheets against each other.
Dean had to grin before he could talk, “Come on. Always come when I call, right? Let me cook you dinner.”
Cas was starting to see the order of the night, and it was with a heady confidence he couldn’t examine too closely or at all that he put his hand back on Dean’s waist and stepped closer. When Dean still wouldn’t look up, Cas bent his head and murmured.
i really was like 'haha i'm gonna write just something unforgivably horny' and then got lost in the weeds thinking about what sex really is to dean and what he gets out of it. cass with two s's is so ominous. happy anal august!
His legs wobbled, “I shouldn’t say ‘shit’. I never really graduated past dirty talk. Fuck. Dammit. You were beautiful, Cas, really, I didn’t know which way was up–“
well well well well. WELL WELL WELL. anyways good morning with love to vegans, vegetarians, asexuals, people who abstain from drinking for any reason, people who just don't like masturbating, people who eat cereal without milk, and people who jog. i DO hate john kellogg's guts though and the guy and his brother really did suck for a myriad of serious reasons, which i only found out while trying to research this fic that includes a threesome. the hardest part of this was coming up with a porn title that did not make me want to shrivel up and die
“It’s probably good to have a balance,” and then Dean betrayed both of them by asking before he could stop himself, and gestured to Cas’s body, “Do you get lonely? When you’re like this?”
Sam left. Cas stared down at Dean in adoration. Dean looked up at him, his eyes widened, and then he looked back down.
Sam agreed to drive out to the park and call Cas from the bench by the poplars that they used to watch dogs from. Cas had a feeling that Dean knew Sam was going behind his back to do this, and that he was sowing several screaming arguments between them. Sam did not hint at any of this and sounded completely pleasant over the phone.
By the time he’d eaten and pretended to stare at the TV instead of his phone, there was no reply. It was only once he’d turned all the lights out and crawled under the covers, the other twin bed unused and empty, that the blue light came on.
It flicked a switch in his head, and suddenly all of this, this entire nonsensical situation, was about making sure Cas felt safe and happy.
Whatever piece of mind Cas had left was used to level Dean with a stare, “I’m afraid you wouldn’t be able to get back up.”
Cas allowed a grin at that, bashful at the floor. He jumped a little when Dean’s hand landed on his shoulder, but when he looked up, Dean was gesturing at the hallway as they walked to the garage.
“A little, Lancelot. Fuck, come over here and romance me first,” it was a joke, and, he realized with a cold chill over his heart, that he meant it.
“Unfortunately sometimes at this job we have to play other people’s requests. Let’s see what we got on the list right now. Oh. Oh, B, we can’t play this.”
“A little late now, buddy. And no, I’m clearly not okay,” Dean shrugged and tugged him down again, “But that’s the status quo. And this feels pretty nice.”
“Harold– I like Harold. Dude knows Le Guin. But Keith– Get a fucking roof, Keith. Let your boyfriend drag all his plants over. What, he can’t even provide a roof? What does this guy do for a living?”
Cas put the keys in his outstretched hand, “But thank you. If you still want to go somewhere, I would like to drive the Impala another time. It seems fun.”
Sam had scooted over from his book to look at the screen, “Oh, they’re like a band from the 80’s I think.”
If Dean was angry, he wasn’t angry enough to cancel the credit card. Or maybe Sam had stopped him. Either way, Cas held his breath as the woman behind the desk ran the cost of the room, and didn’t exhale until she handed him the keys. She noticed the exhale and raised her eyebrows, as if to say
“And you might have gone to college and taken Cool Hip Friend 101 but I didn’t and I’m afraid I’m gonna say something stupid, okay?”
“But that’s what I mean, Cas. Before it was stressful, and awful, but I… I knew how to do it, you know? Or at least, I
“Listen, I’m not gonna talk out of turn about another man’s girl. But Cas, if you’re ever near our studio, feel free to stop by, we won’t even run your plates.”
So the old, worn-in, familiar sex dream of the hospital. Blossom in scrubs kicking off her white tennis shoes and wiggling her body down the cot towards him, asking, “You want to do the rest, hotshot, or should I take off my pants myself?”
“Dean. Shut up. Okay. Let’s say you’re not homophobic. Would you be this uncomfortable if Cas was hooking up with a bunch of women?”
He walked into the kitchen. Cas was sitting at the table. His cast was a bright blue just shy of turquoise. His eyes were wide and his voice sounded normal.
Cas was not easily convinced, and the fingers kept petting through Dean’s hair, “You disappeared. Or maybe you sent me away, I’m not sure.”
There were plans for the girls in South Dakota to visit. Cas had made a group text between Claire, Jack, and him, “in order to make plans.” They had both ignored him, Jack at least after sending a polite thumbs up, and then proceeded to text each other privately, which he discovered when Jack had mentioned that Claire was volunteering at a food bank. Cas had privately congratulated himself on his victory.
With a neck-jarring speed, Cas shoved him back by the shoulder. He felt dizzy, dazed, sick; it was like being grabbed by the collar while walking drunk and knowing he had done something wrong because otherwise why was he getting caught? Cas was glaring at him.
A brief moment of victory before Cas began to pull away again, “Hey, hey, where you going, handsome?”
“I guess. What if he–” Dean leaned back, “What if something happens and he doesn’t realize it’s not– That it’s not normal? This is a lot for his first night.”
His voice croaked. He felt like his eyes were watering. He looked up and Cas was only watching him with mechanical interest. There was no tenderness in his expression.
Dean ducked into the nearest bathroom and shut the door before they could walk around the corner of the building.
“Oh,” a lot softer than before, and then, “It’s fine. You can go tell them I’m fine. Maybe not Bobby. I’m still pissed off at him.”
He didn’t uncover his face, and Cas did not repeat himself. Finally, he managed to calm down and scrub his face with the inside of his shirt. He sucked on his teeth and huffed a laugh, trying to show it didn’t mean anything, it wasn’t him just now crying on his back in someone’s barn, no siree, that was a fluke, allergies. Cas was staring down at him intensely. Dean was surprised to find no pity.
Cas heard someone in the background ask something, probably Sam judging by the cadence. Dean’s voice pulled away from the phone, whispering.
Dean wiped both his hands across his mouth and out to his cheeks, “I don’t think I’m ready to hear this.”
They walked on the path by the fields. Dean hunched and fumed and Cas was content to be silent next to him. Dean gave up.
was a medical doctor than it wouldn’t hurt him to do something other than hover over Rufus’s shoulder as he researched pre-Occupation Bajoran theology. Cas had come home that same day covered in a concerning amount of dirt but glowing and smiling as he explained at dinner how good the soil was and how excited he was to see the first green leaves. Rufus had shared a look with Bobby and scoffed, as if to say
“I’m taking a little nip up in Miami. The gators, swamps, and humidity make it feel just like home. Enjoying topside?”
Cas ate some cereal out of the box with his hands, and yawned. Sam came back with the fast, wired voice he usually saved for browsing lore sites.
“I’ve been known to indulge. So what, you want me to sit around with a six-pack, some porn, and a burger? Because I’m not saying no, but you both better find some place else to be.”
Dean turns to look at him. Cas’s hair looks like a mess, but in a styled way. He’s wearing a pair of jeans and a button down with tiny dots on it, the one Dean chose when Cas came to the door with two shirts, asking which one he should wear. He looks real good, standing there with his arms crossed over his chest.
Dean drums his fingers against the cold stone of the kitchen isle, waiting for Kelly to return. She has just sat him down there and said she’d be back soon, before disappearing somewhere in the house.
pasta sauce Jack actually likes – even if one would think that they all taste the same – and Cas is supposed to buy that, but he has no memory of which one it is.
“Screw the oven, Cas. You’re the one that matters”, Dean says, his voice thick with something again, “We’ll buy a new one, don’t worry about it.”
“Cas, you dumbo”, she elaborates, “If you don’t want to walk home, I’m sure Cas will give you a good ride.”
He’s about to go to the living room to see if there’s anything good on the TV when he sees movement in the kitchen.
And the thing is, Dean wouldn’t do any of that if Cas would seem uncomfortable about it, because while he has a crush on the man, he’s not an asshole.
Cas rubs a hand over his face and through the mess of his hair, pushing himself up to sit. Dean’s nowhere in the room, and Cas has no idea what time it is. Or why Dean’s not there.
Like that toddlers, like humans, grow their hair, and at one point it’s suddenly too long, and you have to do something about it. Jack’s longer hair has creeped up on them so suddenly that they haven’t thought about it until he starts bumping into furniture when he runs around the house and keeps pushing it away from his face all the time.
Jack is on the verge of a breakdown when they have to leave the fort, but they manage to get him to the kitchen without too much trouble. Cas has noticed in the past week or so that arguing with a toddler is actually a lot easier when it’s two against one.
Jack walks around the thing, peeking in from the small windows Dean’s made, making approving sounds. Cas keeps his eyes strictly on the child. Just for his safety, and not because Dean’s standing so much closer now than when he was sitting on the grass by the castle.
Dean shuts him down with a bitchface, “You know what I mean, for the—you know. That one’s too weird for fancy restaurants anyway”, he rambles and points at the shirt with dots on it, abandoned on the bed.
“Weird”, Cas hums in agreement. He pushes himself to sit, “but considering we live together, that’s a logical assumption one would make.”
The thing is, Dean doesn’t want to talk about it. But looking at Cas there, standing in front of him, suddenly it doesn’t feel like it’s about what he wants.
Dean has a drunken smile on his face as he leans his back against the couch, listening to some story Jo is telling, about a party she’s been, or maybe she wasn’t there and someone else was. Dean’s not so sure anymore, the way Jo tells her stories is way too messy for him this late at night. The alcohol has made his body warm, heavy and relaxed. They found Bobby’s booze stash and got drunk surprisingly fast when they switched the beers for liquor and started with the drinking games.
”, Cas starts, closing his eyes and looking like he’s counting down from ten to keep himself from strangling him. Dean knows he’s already on the edge, but that hasn’t stopped him before either, Cas is just too much fun to mess around with.
“Sure thing, sir”, Dean answers with his own voice, a smile tugging at the corner of his lip, and the sight of that alone feels so rare that the warm feeling it brings to Cas feels almost overwhelming.
They’re turning eighteen before the next summer and they won’t be here anymore. The only thing Dean has been worrying all summer about is letting Sam come here alone for the first time next year, he didn’t even think of
Cas once again gets home from work so late that Dean’s already putting Jack to bed when he arrives at the apartment. He drops his bag to the kitchen table to grab himself something to eat before he has to go through the rest of the emails left from today.
“No, I’m sorry”, Cas mutters to the floor. When he looks back up, the expression on his face is his normal, slightly serious one, “It was just nice to have a glass of wine and an actual conversation with an adult, about something other than Play Doh or Paw Patrol, eat my dinner while it’s hot”, he says in a calm tone. He’s shrugging but it looks like he’s just playing careless, “Sue me for getting lost into that world for a second.”
A car either screeched to a halt outside or inside Sam’s head. Dean tilted his head and blinked in classic bad-poker-face.
The hand, frozen, fell from the sheet and disappeared, “I guess you look like a big shadow. Hey, seriously, is something wrong?”
“No, he lives forty minutes away with traffic. Cas owns about a box of stuff and it can all fit in his truck, so he’s pretty much ready to go.”
Cas turned his head, “Because I love you. And you raised Sam. I think you could be a really wonderful father. I know you might feel differently but I think this time would be a lot easier, now that you’re older and there’s no curse or deal with a demon.”
He would text Dean the time and station in the morning. He didn’t want to wake him if he was already asleep.
Two hours and surprisingly good amount of work later Dean packs Claire back to the car. Not right away of course, because the second Dean announces they should leave, he finds himself searching for a math book Claire has managed to lose somewhere around the shop. Dean was so busy working he didn’t even realize Claire was moving around at all.
Castiel doesn’t say anything, just bites his bottom lip a bit when he raises his eyebrows just a little, like a question. It is one of those moments when Dean’s stupid and hopeful brain thought this is one of those many moments where he has been wondering if Cas was flirting with him or not.
Cas places the coffee mug carefully on the tray and lifts a finger, “Also, can I just ask a follow up question: would you always bring it to the bed? See, I enjoy a slow morning and a breakfast in bed would--”
Dean is staring at somewhere in the distance, chewing the inside of his cheek, and Cas is scared he said something too much, mentioning her too suddenly, but eventually Dean chuckles as well.
Cas just stares at him, eyes flicking between the charming smile and the paper bag Mick’s handing towards him. He’s staying quiet too long, and Mick seems to notice that.
Two’s an audience. He’s already forming a lie in his head, but Jack drops the facts to the table before he can say anything.
The kid is burning up and crying whatever they do, so eventually they have no other choice but to drive to the hospital.
He can feel how stiff Cas is under his hand, shaking a bit, probably out of anger. Dean’s happy they’re in a room full of people, the man probably would’ve ripped his head off already.
They obviously want someone they know well, because neither of them wants to give Jack over to a complete stranger. The first one they think of is Sam, so Dean gives him a call.
Dean’s too busy taking in the soft and cozy appearance of Cas with his ruffled hair and college pants paired with a sweater that’s just a little bit too big for him. It has a stain of what looks like Jack’s night snack. No one has ever looked
They don’t get much information, even if Dean breaks his silence to curse and shout at every nurse who comes to give them pieces of information that takes them nowhere, because there’s nothing to tell.
Dean fixes Jack some snacks while he takes a bath with Cas, so there’s a table set for the birthday kid when he arrives in the kitchen in his pyjamas.
Cas blinks himself awake before Dean spends all his power trying to rip himself off the powerful hold he’s under.
“We needed them all, okay?” Dean explains seriously and slams a hand on one of the couch cushions, “This bad boy needed all the soft surfaces we could find. Lay down here for a day, and you’ll understand.”
“Look at you”, he praises, and gives him another spoonful of soup, “You’re living the life, watching TV and having someone feed you. You good under the blanket with Cas?”
The brunch is almost ready, the final bowls and plates of food being placed on the table as Dean and Cas finally arrive downstairs. Bobby and Ellen are focused on finishing up cooking something on the stove, but two couples are giving them pointed looks when they enter the kitchen.
“Likewise.” Cas himself is surprised just how annoyed he sounds, “Excuse me”, is all he says before he makes a quick exit back inside, getting out of the situation before he seems too rude.
“I think our relationship is past the whole ‘this was fun, let’s never see each other again’ conversation that people usually have in situations like this.”
Cas returns the expression. Maybe this really isn’t about something holding him back, maybe it’s just the atmosphere of the date, which is good and comfortable, but maybe not heated in a way it should be. Mick seems sweet and if Cas would date him, maybe taking it slow is the right thing to do.
They make their way to the kitchen, and Mick sits down by the kitchen isle while Cas gets the water boiling. When he turns around, he notices the man eyeing the fridge door, and the picture of him with Jack and Dean.
“Mick, right”, he smiles at the man, but it’s not a friendly smile. He turns his demanding eyes to Cas.
It’s half past ten, when Dean parks the impala at the front yard. He turns the key in the lock and opens the front door as quietly as he can, in case Jack is already sleeping. He’s probably not, the way he was fighting with Cas when Dean left, but he’s hopeful anyway.
He manages to find his signature smirk again, but it has softer edges than before. “It’s just pie, Cas.”
“I do not have a stick in my ass”, Novak says, with a tone like people with sticks up their asses say.
To get to F, it was just about waiting for the right moment, which was a lot easier to pinpoint with two people watching around than it would've been alone, and when the right moment came, they stepped over the red ribbon and disappeared to the dark hallway that would eventually lead to the right section.
breakfast. The memory of last night makes Dean lean forward and press his lips against Cas’s, his hand coming up to cradle the side of his face, feeling the stubble against his fingertips like he was studying it.
It sounds like he takes something from the fridge, and Dean wonders if he should tell him to take the leftovers from the top shelf if he wants to, but decides against it, and focuses on the movie he’s watching instead.
he pretends to be irritated, “you’re not supposed to let him know”, he adds with the high-pitched voice before turning to Cas, “I’m sorry, sir, I promise I only tasted a little bit, it was too hot for me anyway.”
He avoids looking at it, because it makes him see red, but at the same time he can’t stop teasing Cas about the date every chance he gets, like now when Jack’s on a nap and they’re folding laundry together.
Cas thinks it’s probably Dean who forgot his keys or something, so he’s surprised when he opens the door to Mick, who’s holding a paper bag in his hands.
The way Cas looks at him, his expression somehow neutral but still filled with so much emotion from maybe sadness to insecurity, Dean wants to reach over and wrap his arms around the man.
He knows what she would say to him. She’d tell him to apologize to Cas, he’s lost count on how many times she’s had to tell that to either him or to Cas. They made fun of her being a mom already when she’d told them she’s pregnant. She had made a joke of them being all the practice she could need.
But it’s the only purple thing in the room, there’s no trace of the light they just saw from the outside.
Dean chuckles, instantly understanding, “He probably means this ugly ass spray painting of a green duck someone’s painted at the playground.”
But recently, he’s thinking about Cas more and more, thinking about him in a way that has nothing to do with their co-parenting.
“Thank you, Dean”, he repeats, settling for that. Dean just nods, takes some pancakes for his own plate and digs in. Cas has a hard time not looking at Dean the whole way through breakfast.
He’s about to look away, but something catches his eye: Cas reaches forward, holding that guy by the arm as he pulls him into a kiss.
Cas opens it when Jack starts to get anxious for him to do it. There’s a coffee mug with colorful patterns on it.
“Come on”, Dean grabs Cas’s shoulder again, trying to make him turn around, but he resists, pulling back. He yanks surprisingly hard, and it makes Dean lean forward, suddenly he’s laying chest against Cas’s back.
“If you wait for me to grab my stuff we can leave together”, he says, like he’d originally planned, but Charlie just shakes her head.
Not that Dean’s an expert with the ‘being in love with someone’ and all, but he’s willing to bet that getting over a broken heart would be much easier if he didn’t have to share the kitchen with the guy. Because Cas still looks as adorable as before, when he’s drinking his first cup of coffee on Saturday mornings.
“Trust me”, Cas deadpans, “I would rather sleep poorly than listen to you whining about your aching back all through Christmas”, he gets up, ”Where’s the bathroom?”
“Come on, baby”, he says, bringing a hand to graze his fingers on Cas’s cheekbone, telling himself it’s only for the joke and nothing else. Cas flicks his hand away.
Dean looks over to the other side of the street, where the ugly yellow continental is parked, nodding at Sam who’s sitting in the driver’s seat with his laptop open. Sam had taken Cas’s car when they drove over to the motel he’s staying at to pick him up.
“What do you have where your brain is supposed to be?” she asks, leaning closer to his face, “Not only
Cas grins to himself when, as he pads down the hallway to turn on the pre-prepared coffee maker, he hears Dean’s long groan from the guest room.
The party he’s arrived at now is not like that, though, and considering it’s a baby shower for Kelly’s baby, it’s probably a good thing it isn’t. Dean lets himself in, searching for Kelly or any other person he knows from the small groups of people here and there. There are people in the living room admiring some pictures Kelly has on the shelves, but Dean doesn’t know any of them. He finds his way to the back door that leads to a terrace, and to his favorite part of these types of parties: the barbecue.
“Oh, because you are always so nice to me?” Novak raises his brows and yeah, he has a point. The tiniest, playful grin is tugging at the corner of his mouth when he continues:
They’ve gotten sloppier at their use of the white board, and it’s causing issues with scheduling again. There’s some overlap with the work shifts, and they’re able to get rid of most of them, but there’s one afternoon where they’re both unavailable for an hour.
Dean reaches to pull something out of his back pocket, throwing it towards Cas. He catches it before it lands on the tray. It’s a pair of green and purple striped socks with bees on them, and a cassette tape hastily taped to the fabric. Cas runs his fingers on the embroidery as he reads the title that’s written on the tape.
Standing up taller, like a weight was being lifted from him, Cas smiles a little when he repeats himself, “Dean, I love you so much.”
Cas’s fingers leave Dean’s skin for the moment it takes him to fumble through the buttons of his shirt before shrugging it off his shoulders. It’s amazing how it’s almost like a strip show and not like one at all, the dull way Cas just gets rid of the clothing, but still managing to make it the hottest thing Dean’s ever seen.
“Why are we here?” Dean asks because he wants to get to the point. He wants everyone to stop with the sad eyes and their sorries as soon as possible, because if it’s not gonna bring her back, what’s the point?
Dean can’t concentrate on what the other man is explaining, Jack’s choice of words ringing in his head, “He called you dad.”
that’s a show if I’ve ever seen one”, Meg rolls her eyes, leaning against the drawer by the wall, giving an approving nod at the women Dean’s flirting with.
His tone matches the face, he sounds exactly like he does when they’re about to fall into an argument. Dean crosses his arms, turning to look at Cas properly, challenge in his eyes, “No, why would it be?”
After a second of taking in the fact that he just fucking said all that, Dean’s able to focus on the man in front of him again.
Silence falls around them in the sunny living room, all that light feeling like an insult to this all. Dean avoids looking at Cas, and he probably avoids Dean as well.
“Dean sounded so terrible earlier I thought you must be hungover too, so I thought I’d drop him off for you”, Sam explains, handing Jack’s overnight bag to Cas.
“But I do want to point out once again, that I won’t judge if a movie makes someone cry”, Cas says sincerely, but from the corner of his eye Dean can see that he’s smiling a bit.
Dean reads the message and looks up from the screen to Jack, who’s playing around the coffee table. He examines the kid with his gaze, but there’s nothing alarming going on, not that he’d be able to pick up any clues of a toddler starting to get sick.
“They’re already growing, it's incredible”, Cas informs him, his nose almost on the ground as he examines the flowers carefully. “You can go already, if you don’t have time for the small, beautiful things in life.”
Dean can feel her examining look on his face, but he can’t help it. He doesn’t like the way this Meg chick ripped Cas away from him. He prepares to defend himself some more, but lucky for him, Charlie is drunk enough to suddenly change the subject.
He assumes he’s the Dean in question since there’s no one else on the aisle but him, and this brunette is smiling at him when she walks closer.
Sam gives him an empathetic look, and only nods, because he doesn’t have anything to say to that, and Dean understands. He wouldn’t know what to say to that either.
“Is Dean awake already?” Cas innocently asks. Jack stops jumping and climbs down from the bed, screaming Dean’s name during his run down the hallway.
“Jack, I think your guests are still sleeping”, Dean points out, quickly sipping his coffee before the kid lands on him again.
Dean throws his keys to the side table and walks across his apartment, landing on the couch heavily. He presses both his palms to his eyes, not sure if it’s the hangover or whatever the fuck just happened making his head hurt.
He considers it a win when he watches his nine-year-old run inside, and the clock on his wrist tells him they were only about seven minutes late. He turns to look at Claire on the backseat, telling her the next stop is finally at home. He has to start preparing the dough for the pie for tonight. If he does it now, he can start cooking after he has picked up Jack from the class.
Dean parks the car and the kids run out the second it stops moving. He opens the front door and commands the kids to come inside, and makes them sit down on the kitchen table to do their homework, so he’ll have time to check his work email in case there’s something important he has to take care of before the weekend.
With his workload and a toddler at home, he has no extra hours he wants to waste into going out, and the dating apps Anna uses seem to need even more work than actually going out and hoping to meet someone would.
Jack doesn’t let go, but shoots them one of his angriest glances, boosted by the overgrown bangs falling to his face from behind his ear.
“Then you focus on the differences.” Bobby’s old desk chair creaks as he leans back in it, crossing his arms.
“Maybe we should wait at the office”, Dean states, embarrassment on his face as he glances at Bobby, muttering, “Shouldn’t bring him here.”
There’s music, but the volume is low enough that people are able to have conversations with each other. Most of the guests have dressed up, comfortably mingling with each other, and based on the number of empty bottles and cups around the house, all of the drinks she’s serving can’t be that disgusting.
Washing their clothes becomes the highlight of Dean’s week. He can’t stop smiling at the apology letters dropping in, saying there is more problems with fixing the laundry room, giving Dean more time with Cas. Dean is waiting for Thursday evening all week, his smile wide as he either sees Castiel at the laundry place already or entering it a bit after Dean.
Dean’s breath on his face feels warm and welcoming, and he’s so close that for a second Cas is sure Dean’s leaning forward as well, but then the man drops his gaze, breaking the tension with an awkward chuckle.
“You’re the one who just gave me the ‘this was fun’ talk”, Dean shoots back as he starts to search for his clothes from the floor, the familiar tone of a fight starting in his words.
“Tell me about it”, Dean rolls his eyes, trying to rub some of the cat hairs away from his sleeves. “Cas really wants to get one, but I am not a fan.”
Jo doesn’t seem to notice anything weird in the way his voice falters a bit, and just points at the other two ladies sitting at the table. “The other blondie is Donna, the one on the other side of the table is Jody”, she names, as the two smile at them when they notice them looking, “They’re intrigued by you and I got sick of it.”
“Because we agreed that maybe three’s enough”, Dean joins the conversation, stepping into the hallway from the living room.
He doesn’t realize his eyes are glued to the exposed skin, soft stomach and the waistband of Dean’s boxers, visible from his jeans, until he’s feeling hot too, and it doesn’t feel like it’s the temperature of the garage that’s burning inside him.
“High fever on a tiny person like him can seem scary”, she says, but doesn’t mock them for worrying, “First time at the ER?”
Cas flips the newspaper shut, “I’ll clean up”, he offers before smiling to the kid, “Good night, then, Jack.”
“Well, then you know that that part of the museum is closed for tonight”, Dean continues, eyeing at the people walking around them, checking if anyone is paying a lot of attention to their conversation, offering, “Two sets of eyes are always better than one.”
It takes them half an hour to get Jack to agree to leave for home, with a promise of visiting again soon.
Yawning as well, Cas makes his way to the kitchen, hoping that the fridge has ingredients that inspire him to cook something easy and fast.
He turns around when he’s pressed the machine on, leaning against the counter to face the redhead. “At first I tried talking to him about water consumption issues, but I quickly gave up.”
He’s been on his phone all morning, which is unusual for him. He puts it down on the kitchen counter for a second as he writes his name on the board. They don’t use it as religiously as they used to, but they have written work shifts and important things down there, so it’s one of the two, probably work.
“Hey”, Charlie reaches over, grabbing his wrist, “It’s okay. When it’s someone you love, it gets to you. We’re not machines, no matter how cool it would be if we were.”
Dean’s not the only one who trusts Jody surprisingly fast, because Jack actually agrees and starts shoveling.
“Do you think she’s single?” Charlie asks Cas, leaning against the counter with a calculating look on her face.
“I need a refill”, Dean announces and stands up. Cas holds out his empty glass and Dean takes it, before heading towards the drinks table they’ve set up and pours some liquor on both glasses.
“Being a godparent is literally just being fun”, he says back, scoffing, “Would it kill you to chill for once in your life?”
He gives the child a hug, and gently releases himself from his tiny but firm grip. “Okay, now. Show Sam what toys you chose with Dean?”
The trip to the store goes by just fine, even though the kiss is a massive, silent thing hanging between them. They grab the things Bobby sent them to buy, Dean grabs some beer, and the first conversation between them happens at the small candy aisle.
“It’s like a special basket for this kinda stuff only”, Dean continues as he pulls off his ring and the bracelets, dropping them into the thing, “See? We’ll all put our things here.” He picks up the basket again, and kicks Cas to get him to look up. He shakes the thing at him expectantly.
They finish up with what they can do on the scene, before carrying Cas out. Benny and Mick stay behind to make sure there’s no risk for fire anymore, but Benny just nods him to go with Cas and the paramedics, when he tries to make himself stay.
Dean steps in to stand between their gaze, “Why do you ask Cas’s opinion, I just told you how to do it!”
“Yeah, yeah”, Bobby says dismissively, but he smiles at Cas, “Thanks, Cas. See ya, kid”, he says to Jack, who waves his hand at the two heading inside.
“It is not a costume party”, Cas states as he looks down at the hat he’s holding, turning it around like he’s never seen one before. “The invitation didn’t say it’s a costume party.”
“There you are”, he says, a fake smile plastered on his lips as he steps into Cas’s space, “I was looking for you.”
They don’t talk about it after that one conversation, but it doesn’t hang heavy between them either. It’s just that they agreed it’s okay if Bobby seems to think that they are together. And Sam and Eileen as well, or at least it seems that way, since Sam didn’t correct Bobby or laughed at the assumption, and sometimes he or Eileen say things that leave Dean confused, like at lunch when Eileen asked him if they are living together
Dean sighs. “There’s just some shit going on with–Cas, and I just…” he lets out a dry, humorless laugh, “Everything sucks at the moment. And I don’t want Jack hating me for it, because it’s not his fault I fucked up, but I know he…”
“You boys slept okay?” Bobby asks, “Didn’t want to wake you up this morning since you arrived so late.”
Dean takes his head out of the fridge, closes the door and lets his forehead drop against it, “Fuck.”
He’s being stupid, he’s already outside Cas’ apartment, waiting for him to join him in the car so they can start the drive to Bobby’s for the holidays.
Dean has to hold onto the coffee table to stop himself from falling over. Since Jack is so tiny compared to them, the kid’s practically standing between them with his arms around their necks, and Dean’s hugging more Cas than the kid between them, when he returns the gesture.
When Dean gets himself killed for the third time within the last five minutes, Charlie pauses the game abruptly.
Jo looks thoughtful for a second, before she grimaces a bit, “Well, that makes the conversation back at the hospital a bit awkward.”
“He’s this dude from Peppa Pig”, Dean elaborates for Bobby, who might not be that familiar with the characters of children’s shows, “Has one of these.”
Novak’s breath is coming out in huffs as he glances down at his camp t-shirt, the paint staining the logo. Dean grins widely at him when he lifts his gaze to his face, blue eyes wide.
Novak’s still smiling at him, and Dean needs to look away because of course he looks cute with a small smile on his lips, and it annoys the hell out of him.
The man slumps down at the kitchen table, picking up a piece of paper, where he’d listed Jack’s requests for the cake, “That wasn’t everything”, he continues, sounding sorry for himself and for the bakery staff person.
“Wait, what?” Dean cuts him off, when Cas’s words really sink in, “Hated what happened? Hated— Cas, what the fuck? I didn’t hate— what?”
“Andrea is joining with some friends”, he tells Dean as he looks up from his phone, a smirk growing on his lips, “What do you say we get some shots before they arrive?” he offers, “They’re single, but they’re loud.”
Cas has spent most of the day trying to forget how good it had felt to wake up with one of those arms around him. He’s so happy Dean didn’t wake up when he sneaked out with Jack, and he didn’t have to face the awkwardness of Cas cuddling him.
“Ain’t that rational”, Dean mutters with a sarcastic smile, and turns back to the sauce, hoping that the conversation ends there. He has no idea why he started it in the first place, because he sure as hell doesn’t want to continue having it.
“You know what”, Cas cuts him off, throwing the cleaning cloth forcefully to the sink, turning to look at Dean, “This is not working.”
“You’ll understand when you’re older”, Dean smirks, and Benny rolls his eyes at the lighthearted mockery.
It had been quite an intensive and emotionally charged trip to do all the shopping, but Cas couldn’t help feeling so happy watching the kid go crazy over choosing the decorations.
When Dean starts singing quietly, he forgets to be self conscious about it, because Jack instantly closes his eyes, smiling a bit as he listens to the boring, low sound of Dean’s voice, that’s more humming than actual singing.
Dean weighs his options like there would be any, but of course there’s not, because there’s no such thing he wouldn’t do for this kid, who’s staring up at him from under Cas’s arm, eyes huge and hopeful.
Dean’s adding more food in the grill to cook, when he spots Jody walking to the backyard, looking around to see a familiar face. She’s with a tall man Dean’s never seen before but assumes to be Sean, Jody’s husband.
Months passed. Cas seemed happier. Holidays, birthdays, seasons. Sometimes the truck was there and sometimes it wasn’t. What had Dean been so freaked out about? What had been the big boogie man he’d been waiting for? Sam, bless him and the fact that Dean would never, ever tell him, had been right.
Dean looked up to see Cas melting over him as dandelion seeds blew whimsically through the air, “I think you look beautiful.”
“I’m getting on the next bus. I have an interview to be an accountant in another town. I can’t stay here forever, can I?” Uriel raised a regal eyebrow.
“Basically what the reports suggested. No signs of demonic activity, witnesses said they saw an older man dressed in vintage clothes, almost see-through.”
Cas shook his head, “No. If that happened, then it will happen. I won’t remember. You can’t change it.”
Then the flowing, curtained dimension of going under anesthesia. Purple and gold light filtering through, a bed so soft that it couldn’t have been a bed, and Cas’s hand on his dick, his mouth on his mouth, the heat roaring back to life. Just shy of the space between a tacky romance of a honeymoon suite you wouldn’t want to turn a blacklight on or the full-blown notebook doodling daydreams of a teenage girl. Just barely.
When they passed a Federation starship and hailed them for supplies and repairs, Dean elbowed Cas in the unhurt arm while the ensigns fawned over Sam.
Cas opened his eyes. The light was coming closer. He sighed and stood up. At this point, it was better to go through the motions and get it over with.
“No, but I did almost drive the car off the side of the road,” he imagined Dean’s shit-eating grin vanishing for a second at the thought, “I didn’t like the way those men talked about you.”
It was barely kissing. They started reaching and clutching at whatever they could get, each other’s clothes, faces, necks– and their mouths might have touched in the desperate way that two people’s shoulders might brush as they run opposite directions in a burning hallway. In seconds, Cas found himself trying to squeeze Dean’s body flush to his own despite the awkward positions, while Dean’s head was tucked between Cas’s neck and shoulder. His heartbeat was thundering across his back. His breath was hot and wet on Cas’s skin. Cas murmured something, without knowing what he said, and kissed Dean's temple. He cupped the back of his head with one hand. He saw the world over his shoulder, through the driver’s side window, and wished it wasn't 10 am in the morning but instead closer to night, so it might feel like there was only the two of them for just a little while. Cars passed. Eventually Dean’s breath calmed.
Cas continued watching Dean work until the wound was closed. He stared at it as Dean put the supplies away, making a note to reorganize the box next time he was bored on watch duty.
Cas leaned forward and began by holding his head in both hands, kissing him on the cheek and turning him gently this way and that to kiss his eyelids and forehead.
“Cas. Man, come on. I don’t know how to heal an angel. If I wrap this up will it do anything?” He had already started fumbling with the bedsheet and the knife to cut it into bandages, dropping the knife with fumbling fingers and growling in frustration.
“I can’t speak for them. But if you saw Ruby today, what would you want? To kill her or talk to her? And what would you want her to do? Not what you think she would do, but what you would want to happen.”
“Yeah, but here’s the thing. I’m pretty sure you can’t smell the same way you can’t really taste things. At least not the same way most people can. So why would you care if I stink?”
“You could just calm them, can’t you? Or like I said. Just tap the hunger out of them like you did for me. Clean ‘em up while you’re at it, they stink.”
Doctor Sexy handed the clipboard to Blossom, and began to shoulder off his coat in a repeat of Cass earlier,  “Thank you, Nurse. I’ll take over from here.”
“Yes. They all recognized each other. I think one of them was called Hester. Then a woman in a waitress uniform walked out of the restaurant nearby, and I think her boss was yelling at her, and she yelled back, ‘I quit!’ and she was smiling the whole time at Hester. But um. A bad smile.”
To his good mood’s surprise, there was a long pause, and then Jack with a frown clearly on his face: “Fine.”
Jack stood up, “This is, um, a present. For my dad. It’s a surprise. Well, it’s not a surprise anymore, because it’s happening. Now. Sam is gonna help sign for us because I’ll be. Uh. I’ll be holding a guitar.”
Sam had gone to visit Eileen. Dean could feel their plans coming together like roots under his feet, and whenever Sam tried to hide how excited he was, Dean just smiled until he left the room.
He’d just been thinking about Dean thinking about him. There had been forays into sexuality in the Empty, but they’d all been clunky, jarring, like a film with too many frames missing. Nothing like the feeling of Dean slowly pressing his foot against the pedal and accelerating.
the waiting part, for me. And if I’m being honest the last decade has been the waiting part. And not to keep arguing that actually it was a good idea, but after Red I’m a little less gun-shy about the whole thing. So now I’m just, uh, ready when you are!”
Sam sounded genuinely content for a moment, “Yeah, she texted me. We were talking about maybe her staying at the bunker, and the other girls can come if they want. Dean will probably go full weird-dad but, I guess that’s relatively normal,” a pause, and then the grim tone from before, “But I don’t know. Some of the hunters have their heels dug in pretty deep. It’s hard to tell them that the goal is to get rid of hunters altogether.”
“Family. My mom’s, if you can believe it,” there was a holo-image somewhere of him as a little kid wearing it, with his arms extended and laughing to show how big it was and with Mary crouched behind him, laughing.
Cas’s gratitude disappeared in smoke as he turned his glance sideways to Dean, “You wouldn’t let me.”
“I was kind of bored sometimes, you know? And his room was freezing. Like. He was alright. Patient. Wasn’t a creep or anything. I didn’t really feel excited though, I just wanted it to be you,” his voice sped up to cover his tracks, “And I’m not sure about this beard thing, man.”
He was enjoying himself, and about to tease him further, until Cas easily lifted up his hips for a different angle and struck something unexpected and Dean gasped. The room spun.
“You want to get married?” Dean’s eyes were already widening before he finished the sentence; of course he’d accidentally propose as a filler in a conversation.
“I was scared to call you too. But you understand how it feels,” a dread fell in Cas’s stomach, rolling on the floor of his intestine, “Which, is a tactic the Empty never tried…”
There was of course the third factor, which knocked politely and made itself known as soon as both their shirts were off and Cas could feel his chest against Dean’s, could run his hands up from Dean’s love handles to his shoulder blades, could feel Dean’s breath hitch against his own mouth (was he ticklish?), could grip him by the hair and the hip, the arm from so long ago, that lovely arm–
Cas reached for his phone; there were several text messages and calls. He put it on silent when they weren’t hunting because he hated the constant buzzing and ringing.
The music that came on the CD sounded different than what he’d been hearing coming quietly from under Cas’s bedroom door, “Uh, who’s this?
“Cas! Knew you’d show up. So what’s up with you and Dean, you finally tie the knot? I don’t see a ring on that finger, don’t tell me he’s cheap too.”
Nope. No, that was escalation, that was the kind of trouble they always fell into, and then before you knew it someone was promising their soul to hell or trying to pull a heist on heaven and that was not– That wasn’t tenable. It really, really wasn’t.
They had a late start and didn’t leave until 6 pm. Never a good omen. Dean was too cheerful. Cas had the patient and pleased air of someone with matches in their pocket who didn’t smoke. They made it three hours with the occasional bored road trip game and fiddling over the radio before a particularly long and sleepy silence was broken by:
He saw a man standing by the radio; younger looking, beachy haircut, sports jacket, chewing gum. Cas got up and without even considering saying anything to this man, walked over and adjusted the knob again.
Cas didn’t text back. The day passed. Sam wouldn’t be home for another week. Dean got on his knees by his bedside and folded his hands into a fist rather than a steeple and leaned his forehead hard against it. He didn’t understand praying but he understood why this was the natural pose to fall into when you didn’t know what else to do. He didn’t pray to God but he’d prayed to Cas a lot. He still did it sometimes, even when Cas was human, even when Cas was a few doors down. He did it aloud now.
“Cas, you come home tonight and I’ll let you walk on me like a doormat. I’ll cook whatever you want. I’ll drive you around wherever you want–“
Cas pulled himself up so their eyes were level with each other. Dean waited for a response as Cas scrutinized him as if this was all some kind of riddle. It wasn’t, not really.
He woke up to Cas staring at him balefully from the chair. Morning light came in behind him. Dean pushed up on an elbow.
, and laughing when Cas basically hissed at him and batted his hands back, only for Sam to reach around from the back seat and put his icy palm directly on the back of Cas’s neck. When Cas had stopped pressing against the the passenger side door and watching them both like a wet cat, Dean had pulled him close by the collar of his coat and planted a kiss on the side of his irritated face,
Sam came home before Cas texted him again. Dean had done a passing job of seeming like he was getting by, and Sam let this charade go on for four hours while Dean asked him about his trip before he leaned back in his chair.
A question came and went through Cas’s eyes, but otherwise he ignored the statement, “I’m going to be gone again today.”
His phone was on the bedside table where he’d left it. It was the morning after the night he’d last remembered being in the bunker. No frantic text messages or missed calls (though they wouldn’t have mattered much if he had left his phone behind), but a good sign anyways. It was past when he’d usually wake up, but not so late that they might not just think he was sleeping in. It was almost like it had never happened. He almost wished he really had been gone for awhile, just a little bit, just so it seemed more real.
Dean got up and grabbed the guitar from the corner of the room, and brought it back to the bed. He was suddenly as nervous as Jack had been. Cas touched the back of his hand. Dean smiled and scratched his nose, and waved Cas’s hand off. He rearranged his legs on the bed.
“Lucky for them,” and instead of rolling his eyes at Dean, Cas just grimaced, “Hey. Not to scare you away again, but how long until you think you can send me back?”
“By human standards,” and then without stopping, Cas turned blankly to Dean with clear eyes and said, “If I had come to you in this body in the future, would things have been different?”
He thought about offering it to Cas, but his mouth would go dry at the idea of Cas sleeping in his bed. Hell, his mouth just went dry at the idea of Cas sleeping in his old bunk, staring at the same too-close bulkhead that he’d memorized as a child while Sam snored in the bunk below. After Sam had escaped to Starfleet and before Dean had taken John’s room, he’d lain in that bed with no sound but the humming and whirring of the empty ship.
And the wormy essay scattered in his head that he’d thought to himself in many a shower and bed, about how he just figured it wasn’t something angels did. Not just romantic love, but love in general, any kind of big love. Cas had said he loved him and Sam, he loved Jack, but that didn’t mean he understood what it was like when a human loved their mother or their brother or their best friend. Or maybe he did– and it had almost cracked him open like an overcharged lightbulb, and it was safer if he didn’t.
There were three folding chairs in the living room, set where the coffee table had been. The couch was pulled back a little. Claire and Kaia were sitting on either end instead of right next to each other, leaving the middle open. Sam and Eileen were leaning their elbows on the back of it, signing to each other.
He kept looking at the cast. There was some signatures and drawings on it. An image of him drawing something ridiculous while Cas waited with grudging and affectionate patience flashed through his head. In reality, Cas was staring at him like he was a stranger who’d just walked into the wrong house.
Cas ignored him. Jack however, sitting up, suddenly turned from Cas to Dean, his arms stretched up, and began to emit syllables urgently. Cas leaned back in the chair.
The energy from the backseat went from smug to sinister. If this was how they all died again this year, Sam was gonna be so pissed.
scared me. I took it out on you. And then I… I would miss you, and try to pull you back, and then when I started to feel like things were getting too… you know, I’d push you away again.”
Dean wiped his eyes. Of course Cas would talk to animals. He didn’t sit up when Cas climbed up the ladder. Cas seemed surprised to actually find Dean.
Cas clutched the steering wheel, pointedly refusing to make eye contact with the woman coming out of the house next to the driveway, “I’m two hours from Sioux. I can drive up there.”
“Yeah. I’m not mad at Rita though, she’s just playing in character. It’s really fun that way,” Jack still sounded depressed.
Dean tossed the mended shirt lightly on a barrel, pushed himself off the wall, and took Cas’s head in his hands to kiss him. Their legs were in the way, the medkit fell off the crate and cracked open as bandages and a new regen fell out, and Cas grabbed Dean by the arms and pulled away.
“No,” Cas’s anger had once again been replaced by that exhausted affection, as he watched Dean sit down on the bed, leaning his head down to let Jack curiously pull at his earlobes, his nose, his hair.
“It’s busted. And you wear ancient clothes, now you get ancient medical care. Hold still,” he swiped Cas’s arm with a soaked cloth that smelled like vodka to sterilize it, and Cas winced.
Sam flipped him off and kept an arm over Cas's shoulder, ducking almost in half to keep under the umbrella. Dean gave Cas a tired expression.
“The colors are a little off due to pollution. But this is what it was like when everything started.”
Cas did not leave that night as he had done before, but stayed in the chair near the window. Dean wished Ms. Crocker owned something other than the Bible to read.
He put his hands together, feeling clammy in his damp clothes, and said, “Cas. I don’t know if I’m going to die but I feel pretty miserable. Please come get my sorry ass. Bring a space heater and a laundromat and a burrito. I forgot to eat breakfast.”
Charlie swore at the parking meters and the guy tailgating her and parked two blocks down in the residential area. The more time passed the more she could feel her chances of getting laid dropping to a karmic zero. She texted Sam
“Okay. How do you wanna do this? I want to go up to the roof so I don’t get claustrophobic. Also, lots of places to throw up.”
There was a man, human by the looks of it, standing outside the window, in the cold, crushing, lung-sucking emptiness of space. He was wearing very strange and old clothes; a long tan coat and something Dean had seen in an old Earth movie, a
“Yeah. I’m not going to tell the kid he can’t watch his dad sleep. Cas is going to have do that himself.”
“And here we have Doctor Singer and Nurse Blossom, working on some stimulating research. How are you both doing today?”
Dean rubbed his own cheeks with both palms, “Nah, man. It’s alright. I’m uh. I’m gonna hit the head.”
“And you’re still here. That’s pretty great. Unless I’m dreaming all this, which would really suck after everything.”
A second that was stretched out like a rubber band before it snapped, and then Cas was leaning away again, and his voice wasn’t as soft as before.
Uriel looked him up and down, and then glanced primly at the bunker, “You think I’d rather stay here instead of my own apartment?”
He thought of Jack. But he didn’t think his Cas would want him to mention Jack. That was too important to risk messing up in some Marty McFly conversation. He could imagine Cas’s hands cupped around the moment in time Jack was born like folded wings, like someone shielding a lit candle, shaking and anxious. Like a father. A
“Sam. Sam, I’d rather talk about my unspeakable thing than talk about whatever you are implying, please.”
Sam reached over and hugged him again, and murmured in his ear, “Don’t try to kiss me though, I’m not Dean. I know your key-stealing tricks.”
The old man apologized, still confused, on his way out, as the old woman yelled at him about how long he’d taken. Cas listened to her yell at the postal worker. By the time she’d left, and it was his turn, he didn’t know what to say or do. He tried to radiate sympathy as the worker processed his package and the postcards.
Dean was not a Klingon, had never even been some prime-directive goody two-shoes, and therefore had no honor or rank at stake by just taking out his phaser, pushing Sam out of the way, and shooting the man. The phaser was a ratty but dependably lethal thing he’d taken off a Romulan mercenary; there was no stun setting. The man watched as the hole burned in his chest and then looked up at Dean, unimpressed, and
Dean turned. Cas’s leg was no longer twisted at a sick angle, and as he wiped away the blood from his eye, the skin left behind was smooth. Dean opened his mouth, not knowing what to say, until he saw there was still a cut on his arm. Cas followed his eye line.
The pastor was shocked to see him. Dean just told him the truth. He’d been walking early in the cold and the dark and then he’d prayed and found himself safe here. You got any work to do?
[waves] bye everyone! another joking idea for a fic that came and swung at me. i'm late to the day, but if you enjoyed it and have the money, please consider donating to the american society of deaf children to celebrate the sam/eileen wedding, or any other foundations benefitting deaf or hard-of-hearing people. https://deafchildren.org/donate/
“I’m guessing Sam had something to do with it too, and probably Rowena. It’s a way to travel between worlds, even ones typically locked off, but if you want to bring something
Dean let the sheep out and sat on the fence. He put them back, and went into town and finally just bought a goddamn book. He read it the way one does office work or drives an old commute, word by word or mile by mile without really feeling the time pass, doing it simply because it must be done. He got clean water, and made an effort to clean the bloody rags deposited by the bed. He realized it was hot, and he didn’t have to do anything else. He walked the road and picked a few flowers idly, before cursing and throwing them. He walked twenty feet, then walked back and picked them up. He left them in the coffee cup with some water and checked to make sure they perked back up from humid walk home. He washed the dust and sweat off himself.
Dean rolled his eyes. He came and sat down next to Sam, who still looked innocent. Dean put him in a loose headlock, and Sam leaned into it.
“We’re not completely helpless, Castiel,” but he saw Uriel’s lip curl, “I got a job. I have the wisdom of billions of years and I’ve been trusted to mind a cash register for a grocery store. Sometimes I even
“I broke up with him. I’m living with my friend Renee. You’d like her,” Cas imagined Renee telling Dean he had negative energy, “I don’t know if she’d like you.”
Another choppy blur; and then Doctor Sexy was over him, pressing him down, kissing him, and Dean was pulling him closer, moaning into his mouth and searching with his hands for the guy’s dick and never quite finding it, as if there were miles and miles of land he had to search through instead of a six and a half foot, broad-shouldered man. The dress strap was slipping off his right shoulder. Meg wailed out an unmistakable climax from the next bed over, and Dean almost sobbed as Doctor Sexy slowly and methodically kissed his chest.
“Cas? Hey? You’re thinking too hard, aren’t you. Push the smoke back in your ears. We’ll figure it out eventually. Let him be angry for now.”
A young man was at Cas’s side, as the music drummed down to a temporary background level. He leaned on the counter and looked up at Cas with a kind of confidence that couldn’t possibly be meant sexually. He barely looked 21, for God’s sake.
Cas did not back up the same way a mountain does not back up, but he also looked like he was ten seconds from grabbing Dean by the throat, “Why would we even know each other?”
“It’s– It’s an expression for when you’re drinking, and then uh, if you go to the bathroom you spend the whole night going to the bathroom over and over. So you might as well hold it for as long as you can.”
hold on... i've been trying to think what bobby's klingon hair would look like and i think it should be willie nelson braids
Eventually they fell asleep together on the floor of a dirty old freighter as it drifted them safely through space.
His brain course-corrected and swerved him into a safer lane of thought even as his hand crept lower under the hot water,
Dean cut off. Cas, as always, wished he could set the phone down and reach out and touch him across miles and miles. Dean continued.
“Fuck, sorry,” he started pressing back into Blossom, completely numb, his head still turned, and muttered sideways and mechanically at her, “Yeah, yeah, how is it–“
Cas was standing in the hall, watching him. Head tilted, but his clothes were different. A big sweater, his hands tucked into the pockets of jeans cut ragged above the knee. There was a pair of reading glasses hanging from his collar. A hint of a tie-dye shirt was hanging under his sweater. He was wearing old brown sandals and socks, and Dean laughed, more out of shock than amusement.
Cas had gotten up and kissed his forehead, and each time he’d done so in the past few weeks, Dean stilled less and less; but he still paused under the brief touch of affection as if stunned, “I understand, Dean. Do you want more coffee?”
The music stopped. Dean’s catch had turned into a sort of accidental dip, and he pulled Cas back up with one hand on his shoulder blade and the other on his waist, moving up to thumb at his ribs through the dress shirt.
“Oh, I can hear it. Wait, let me turn it down on my side… Yeah, I can hear yours. The car has great speakers, right?”
Dean blinked rapidly and pulled his hand back as the sheep complained, “Oh! Oh, we’re friends. Buddies. Amigos.”
“Not great. I know Charlie was trying to help but maybe this is a little too much for him. It’s a little too much for
He accepted it from her, and she watched him carefully, but walked away when it was clear he wasn’t going to look at it in front of her. There was a sense of déjà vu staring at the scribbled out writing at the top.
“Whatever’s bothering you,” and Cas felt all the possibilities like hairs in his throat; that Dean regretted everything, that Dean was repulsed by him, that this wasn’t the Empty and that was clear enough by now because Dean had only
Every once and awhile, he’d indulge in a fantasy in someone’s office, pushing everything off the desk and almost fully clothed; but the novelty was quick to wear through, and one time he’d let Nurse Blossom ride him and betrayed his own subconscious by thinking,
Dean sounded breathless. He kept looking around Cas’s face as if was trying to find his eyes and kept missing them. Cas lifted his hands and cradled Dean by the jaw; his eyes froze, trembling, afraid of getting caught. Cas kept his voice soft.
He called up Bobby. Johnny Cash was playing on the CD player he’d found at a thrift store. Sam was out at a library. The phone rang a few times and he felt like a kid again, hoping that Bobby would pick up, that he would come get them, that he could wire some money or would know what to do. Bobby picked up.
By the time he was out of town, he was freezing. During the day it was temperate, and he’d actually gotten a little warm walking yesterday morning. But now it was still basically night, and the earth was seeping cold out of it in a fog and there was a white, lacy frost like mold on the leaves of the plants around him. His raggedy secondhand church clothes were still wet and cold through the layers. At least he’d given his real name in town, so Sam might one day in the 21st century be able to find records of a Dean Winchester, dumb sonuvabitch, dying of exposure in the late 1800s. Closure, that would be something. When was it willpower and when was it just being dumb enough to think he could get away with something like this on willpower alone? He supposed it all depended on if he died or not.
Pause, then, “You called Jack. I know that must have been hard. And I know I… I know you’re trying, man, really. I didn’t want to call you again and get into another fight, but I guess I just wanted to put something nice out there for you.”
and he had stopped writing for a moment and written something different than what he’d meant to, afraid to keep it here even in this journal,
Dean tried to shrug without brushing their shoulders together, eyes fixed on the lake, “Just seems like something you’d think was silly. Liking a car.”
Dean took a deep breath and didn't know how else to say it, “Yeah. Yeah, we do, unfortunately. To be fair, it’s mostly you, though. I swear. My signature charm is that I’m more of a bastard who yells and holds grudges.”
“What? Yeah. It’s perfect,” he clutched it in both hands and then looked up, swallowing, “Is this what you want?”
The strategy lasted for four days, and then Cas pinched his nose while Dean began talking about the old woman at the library inviting Sam and Jack to see puppies at her granddaughter’s house.
“We’ll never know! But I can tell you the singer of this next track; it’s Frankie Valli, with “Can’t Take My Eyes Off You.”
The sound of cloth shushing against the seats as Cas moved in the backseat, to sit diagonally and in better view even though Dean couldn’t bear to look away from the window, tone too soft to look at now, “Can I ask? What you would have done?”
Dean considered trying it anyway, and then clenched his eyes shut for a second before just saying it, “You wanted to know why I already knew you. Why we were friends,” his voice was getting thick, “If there was anything wrong with you.”
The changeling shrieked again and turned to beige ooze on the floor. Cas collapsed against the wall and Dean started yelling for someone to help, pressing his hand in horror against the blood flowing out of Cas’s ridiculous antique shirt.
Dean emphasized every word, “You are not here for me to CHEAT ON. You will not let me say what I need to say to you, that would then lead to a relationship, that would create the context of me cheating on you.”
He deleted it and started walking back to the street where he’d parked the car, trying not to look suspicious.
“Carnally, yes. At this point, sometimes I try to come up with new things I want to do to you just to see if I still can.”
That day they had smiled and stumbled and apologized and hesitated around each other. Sam had gone from looking amused to looking seconds away from grabbing both of them by the collars and throwing them in a room, and Jack had only smiled in pleased confusion.  Something good was happening; or at least in the awkward, foal steps of happening.
Cas sat up and kissed him as a reply, then scooted back down gracelessly to his earlier position. Dean smiled fondly, blinked slowly.
Dean waited until Sam fell asleep, leaving the TV quiet and blue in the dark motel room, before going to the bathroom. He should have taken a shower as soon as he got back.
Cas nodded his head slowly, “You really think going to the beach with Rowena and Eileen will help you clear your head?”
The man bit his lip and eyed Cas up and down, “I majored in theology. Maybe we can get to know each other biblically.”
Kissing was okay. Usually. Sex was still a stop-and-start endeavor that never quite got the plane off the ground before Cas had to take deep breaths and Dean would exhale very loudly but politely excuse himself with stiff steps. Lifting his head over the kitchen table to see Dean smiling at him over breakfast, and to smile back, and for everything to be said and known and growing between them; that was still like walking to the very edge of a cliff at sunset.
“Yeah. And you end up seeing things the same way she does. You choose to do things because you care about people. Not because someone told you to or told you it’s all part of some greater plan. Not even because I yell at you to, eventually. And the only reason you listen to me anyways is because you already know it’s what’s right. Because you always wanted to do the right thing but needed someone to tell you–” Dean’s voice broke, “–that it doesn’t mean there’s anything wrong with you, Cas. That broken feeling is the best part of you. I’m sorry. If it hurts.”
“A wise man in the Bible once said it’s not cowardice to avoid sticking your hand in a wasp’s nest, it’s sanity–”
He heard the Impala start up. He turned around. Sam was standing with his hands in his pockets, not even stepping back when Eileen reversed out of the spot and waved from the windows. They both watched her wait for a space in traffic before turning right into the street. Cas watched the Impala disappear like it was a penny falling sideways down a well.
Cas laid on the bed, feeling too tired and wound up to think about eating dinner, “I love you so much.”
“You know, Cas bought these peach trees,” Dean grasped at the pot next to him without opening his eyes, “And he bought them tiny like,
He rammed Ishim in the back, which felt like hitting a brick wall. He figured it was only surprise that actually caused Ishim to turn around, and he managed to get a glimpse of Cas kneeling on the ground. A cut in his forehead, blood running over his brow and to the corner of his eye, in the line where his nose met his cheek. Blood on his chin like a beard. His eyes were unfocused. His hair was loose. Then Ishim was holding Dean by the throat, smiling wickedly.
“Dean. I want it now. Give me the ring,” Cas forced open Dean’s fingers and took it, “Go find a chain.”
But Dean only mimed getting up from his chair, and sat back down in it again. He could see someone walking back through the trees. He could recognize Cas by his gait and his silhouette, even when it was disappearing and reappearing out of sight between the trunks and shadows. He knew Bobby was watching him, and he heard the kindness in his gruff voice.
“C’mon. Let me see you,” and he found himself saying– just as simply as he had found himself in the desert, suddenly lit up and hungry from the pit of himself– “I want to touch you. I miss you.”
She nodded, twisting her mouth, “Okay. I don’t know if I ever really wanted to but um. It does make me feel better. Knowing I could have.”
Cas thought about when he had last seen her in the Empty, and how she had asked after Sam, “I honestly don’t know.”
Dean watched with disguised terror as Sam pulled out his phone and called Cas. He even brought the cup of coffee to his mouth and managed to mutter, “Of course he’ll answer the phone if it's
“I’m not saying I was thinking it all out or planning it or anything. I just did it. I was kind of aware of it, but uh. Mia said it’s like if a moth could get mad at a flame. It’s not the flame’s fault. The moth just doesn’t know how to deal with it. And then it can’t stop flying around it anyways. She said it better, I don’t know.”
His mind swerved comfortably into a euphemism, “Well, that depends on if you like eating out– Damn, you won’t get that joke for awhile. Yeah, it’s kind of like eating.”
Cas turned around and by some un-miracle, was able to catch the car keys tossed at him instead of letting them hit his chest. His reflexes weren’t what they used to be. He looked at them, knowing they were the keys to the Impala but still surprised to actually hold them.
“Oh yeah, like Cas is gonna be like, ‘Hey, can you drop me off at this creepy bunker an hour away? I live there with two other dudes. Thanks.’”
Dean worked his mouth back and forth and fixed his glance on the coffee table, and the wildflowers still set out, “I'm not saying I know what it's like to be trapped in the Empty. Djinn fantasies, trapped in my own head with Michael, sure, I get things like that. But I don’t know if it’s the same. But when I went to get you, and when you ran off, and that night– I had this fear, man. I was so afraid I’d pulled out something that wasn’t you. And that you were still in there. And sometimes I think about Lucifer possessing you, and I still get afraid that you’re… That this isn’t you. That I’m just so desperate to have you back that I’m missing something obvious again.”
“Well. Sam is, weirdly,” she’d tripped back into her boots in the girl’s entryway, “Dean is– I mean. Nevermind. It’s not important. Sorry, again. Hopefully it will be quick, I’ll text you, if um, if I can come back.”
“That whole reality planet metaphor… You couldn’t just go and get the memory again? Climb back up the mountain?”
“Yeah. You’re right. I just… I think about what kind of person Rowena was when we met her, and we ended up being friends. And it’s not like I forgive Ruby for any of the shit she did to me. But I think, if we had met a few years later, or something had been different… Maybe we could have been friends too.”
She was old enough to drink now, that was true, even though she was sipping out of a Dr. Pepper. He had texted her since he’d come back, explained to her what he was doing, the fear of the Empty, and she had texted back short sentences confirming that she was glad he was alive, sounds rough, good luck with all that, etc.
“I’m coming back, Dean. I know I leave you a lot. I know– I know. I don’t think this is bullshit. But either I always come back, or you find me. I’ll come back this time. I promise.”
Dean slid down the wall to sit on the floor, with his legs curled up in front of him, “Yeah, well. Sometimes old things are nice.”
Dean woke up. To his shock, he’d slept in; it was 8 am. Someone was knocking on his door, quiet but urgent.
Dean just laughed, sounding younger and younger like the years were melting off of him. Cas imagined him sitting in his truck, on the side of the street, and all the loneliness and anger shaking off like dust. And it wasn’t that simple, but at least for now, it felt possible for Dean to just sit in a car and laugh without thinking about anything else.
sorry that this whole thing is just an excuse to make song recommendations, i really miss driving in a car with other people and having the aux cord and i'm making it everybody else's problem
He checked his phone. Dean had definitely said the half-hour window was between 2 pm to 2:30. It was already 2:25. The last 25 minutes had been only music. “Are You That Somebody” by Aaliyah finally bumped and faded with a few more baby sound effects. The hosts started talking and Cas sat up straight in his chair.
He woke up before dawn. He didn’t have a way of telling time unless he walked downstairs and squinted at the grandfather clock in the dark that was probably off anyways. He wore his old clothes underneath his new, wet clothes to at least keep some kind of warm. He started walking to the ranch.
The dream shifted, almost to a bird’s eye view of both of them, before he was back in his body, standing in a rolling meadow. A clothesline of laundry separated them. He sensed but didn’t see the pastoral house behind him. Dean laughed from behind a cotton long-sleeve.
this fic made me realize i care about these brothers very much and then forced me to write like 10k of them just calling each other dipshits
“I’m guessing this is obvious to you by now but I’m not gonna handle this well. And you always say you want me to talk about my feelings, so this is me meeting you in the middle. I’m gonna get drunk but not alone in my room, and you can play the saddest, girliest music you can think of. And I’m going to try and knock out my moping depression period in one day instead of stretching it out for a few weeks, because every day I’m getting closer and closer to dying of old age,” Dean flashed a fake smile, “Sound good?”
Cas grit his teeth, “I’ll be there in five hours," and hung up and tossed the phone in the passenger seat.
Dean pretended to be very interested in the magazine, and Cas took the opportunity to stare at him and see if there was some way to salvage this. He wouldn’t fall in love with a man this infuriating and predictable, right? He felt some mild satisfaction at knowing Dean was trying not to squirm under his glare. He wanted Dean to know that Cas knew what this was. He imagined taking the magazine and lighting it on the stove, taking Dean’s mug and snapping the handle off neatly on the kitchen counter, or saying something like, “I thought you were better than this” or “You never change.”
Just in time for Cas to get flung to the other side of the room. Dean felt the air change as the creature came up behind him, saw Sam’s eyes watch it over his shoulder, and waited. At the last second he turned and dragged his knife through the shrouds and the creature’s body, scraping against the bone with a screech like a car wreck. The creature collapsed, and Dean had to quickly drag Sam’s body back when the pile of bones and rags burst into flames and left nothing but a scorch in the tile.
because nothing about his current body language suggested he wasn’t, and it was maybe not the time to lie. His hand went flat on the dash, not tapping or clenched but just resting, his heartbeat in the pads of his fingertips.
woodwinds of “I Want To Be Evil” drifted out of his phone. He thanked the cashier and left with his reusable bag full of groceries before answering, excusing himself around an older couple browsing the plants outside the automatic doors.
The extent of “took it really hard” did not become clear to Dean until a changeling who’d snuck aboard the Starship Milton cornered him in the medbay disguised as a science officer and tried to stab him in the throat. Dean managed to hit the scalpel out of his hand, and the officer had changed into the human commander he’d seen in photos ever since he was a little kid before trying to strangle Dean with hands like ropes. Then the man had shuddered and shrieked like a metal scraping against rock, and turned around to find Cas aiming a phaser at him.
“Yeah, thanks for the real estate, but take it the extra mile and send me home,” he sighed, suddenly exhausted, “Cas, please.”
go through a six-dollar automatic car wash without making the owner incandescently mad, true love or no. He had done all of this while rehearsing what he would say to Dean about Jack, and now he winged it.
Dean turned around, then stood up so suddenly that Cas took two steps back. They stared at each other. It seemed like Dean was waiting for Cas to disappear. Cas could see him swallow, instead of just hearing it over the phone or imagining it. Dean breathed through his mouth, licked his lips, and then nodded his chin at him.
“You’re never a burden, dude. But, it’s your choice. We’ll miss you though. Dean’s going to be unbearable.”
Dean sighed, as if he’d been really considering it, “Okay. I won’t tell him that, I don’t want him to do something dangerous just to get your attention.”
Dean laughed and muttered while Cas was focusing on his neck, “I couldn’t sleep. I think– How do you feel– Ah, fuck, okay– How do you feel about staying in my room?”
Dean told him to keep his ears on for 11:30 to noon. Cas pulled over at a cluster of restaurants, picked the one with counter seats inside, and leaned his head over until the waitress caught his eye and smiled.
Dean pressed his lips together and nodded at the table, “You already talk about it with the captain?”
Dean didn't answer and instead rubbed his eyes, “All you need is some curlers and a nightgown, you know? Maybe those little glasses.”
Dean closed his eyes, and Cas’s voice continued in its layering rumble over him, “Being with you, and your brother… I started to see how life can mean something. I realized I could pick any goal and work towards it. Even if it seemed impossible. That there are things that are impossible, even for a Q.”
Dinner was already cooked, but Dean was absent. Sam set the table and Eileen shrugged when Cas glanced from the empty seat to her.
Dean took the beer back and didn’t drink from it, feeling slack and quiet, “I always forget how well you know me.”
“I got it. Just,” he closed his eyes, and opened them to see the dress replaced with a flowing, white gown, “Didn’t expect that, but okay. It’s comfortable. Kind of a bedsheet. Easy access. What do you think, too boring?”
He’d been hiking through a forest trail in a state park when he’d seen Anna on the other side of a bridge. They made eye contact; she turned away and continued walking, and he did not follow her.
“No. No, I like the, the awkward and earnest accountant thing. I think that’s a Cas thing, not an angel thing. I like
Cas reached out a hand slowly, and Dean froze like a deer under it; all it did was touch his forehead and stroke back over his hair. He laid back on the hay and felt like he was being hypnotized. Cas paused, before passing his hand over Dean’s head again, in a sleepy rhythm.
They started playing together, sometimes fumbling, but Jack would look up to see Dean smiling and nodding. Dean kept watch over Jack's fingers over the strings. Cas recognized the song before they started singing, before Sam’s hands started moving.
Cas's phone died because he forgot to plug it in, and the next morning he woke up not to the sound of Mariah Carey's "Fantasy" but to Dean curled up around him, murmuring half-asleep into his neck, hard against his ass, and his own heartbeat pounding as he realized he was likely several hours late to pick up Rita's dad.
Dean groaned and pushed his head back into pillow, half of him wanting to tease the phrasing and half of him too busy burning up and bashful about it to say anything at all. Cas kissed the space where his ear met his cheek, since Dean being dramatic at least presented him the opportunity.
“No. My mom. Rest her soul,” the man spoke to the rows of whiskey rather than Cas’s face, “God didn’t make me for women.”
Dean nodded, his grin twisting, trying to shove itself into something both shy and smug at the same time.
Cas called Dean in the morning. He had a disposable cup of continental breakfast coffee and a danish, and there was nobody else at the outdoor seating except a mom and a little girl kicking her legs and coloring while eating Cheerios one at a time, explaining to her mom that cats were actually witches and witches were actually raccoons. Cas was euphoric.
Tammy Wynette pleaded to someone, anyone listening, to stand by their man. Cas sighed, his chest meeting the man’s, and let his cheek fall on the man’s shoulder. When Tammy had said her peace, the bartender took the lull in music to call out that it was one more song and then they were unplugging the juke box and turning off the lights, The announcement received some friendly jeers from a table in the corner. Something like a harp began to pluck spiritedly away, to a few cheers.
“I can’t, Dean,” Dean opened his mouth and Cas interrupted him, “I mean it. I can’t put it into words.”
when I was supposed to be studying... But I want him around! Why doesn’t he understand that? Am I doing something wrong, to make him think I don’t want him around?”
His cellphone was ringing on the passenger seat. It wasn’t safe to answer the phone while driving. That was what the DMV website had said. It also said it wasn’t safe to be distracted, or to play with the radio, or to drive in an agitated state.
Bobby’s scrap-heap ship was surrounded by the Obsidian Order. The old bastard and Sam had refused to let Dean go alone, and now he was back to square one; thinking of how he could shove them out of the way and take the hit himself. It was a harder maneuver to pull off in a beat-up Klingon raider than in person.
“I–” Cas frowned, and couldn’t help himself, “I just, I was online and it can actually be unhelpful or even dangerous to rush, even with a partner you’re excited about, because your body might need to adjust to new strains or positions, and you might
Dean let a grin crack his face, “You’re, uh, you’re actually pretty fucking rude, Cas. But I like it. We push each other’s buttons. And you end up being… You end up being a really warm person. You end up being one of the most reckless, informal, emotional people I know.”
Dean reached out for the beer can, “I’m about to smash this over your ankle like I’m christening the world’s most annoying boat.”
They caught up in the kitchen, at the little Formica table pressed against the window with a view of other apartments. Gabriel had insisted on Cas washing
“Yeah, yeah, I know you just want to analyze it,” Dean reached out to ruffle Sam’s hair and Sam dodged it naturally, “How does the
“I think I want to keep it,” Sam turned it over in his palm, and then put it in an inscribed wooden box between his feet, “As long as we keep it in the bunker, it should be fine.”
“You fucker–” Dean, a human, a mortal being whose existence was a flash in the pan already half burnt, had the audacity to grab Castiel, the former Angel of Thursday, by the love handles and make him laugh (“Don’t! I’m ticklish.”) as he pushed him out of the room and into the hall.
Usually it was Dean. Sometimes it was Sam. The worst was when it was Jack. Or maybe when it was Uriel, or Benjamin, or Balthazar, or Meg or Mary or Kelly, because there was something more accusing and surprising about it being any of them. Once it had been Anna– and he had been so surprised that he’d almost believed it completely. But the problem was it was always the Empty.
Cas was surprised to hear the expanding breath and rapid, excited tittering of instruments that ran in front Paul Simon singing “Graceland.” He grabbed the phone off the bedside table.
“You’re doing so good, baby. Just keep going, it’s going to feel so good, you’re making me feel so good, I’ve never felt this good, fill me up, c’mon,” they were all cheap lines, patronizing and obvious in any other situation, but maybe Cas didn’t realize or maybe he recognized the sincerity, because he pulled his head way from Dean’s shoulder and took Dean’s head in both hands to kiss him.
“I’m sorry I lied to you. I should have found a way to get you home before investigating Ishim and risking your life. I didn’t want you to leave.”
Harold did own several bookcases, cluttered desks, and a coffee table that Cas could feel radiating love the same way he used to be able to see people’s souls. It was small. Only one person lived there. There were some houseplants in the corner, and the blinds were open, and a mirror on the wall that showed him his face, his wrinkled clothes from last night, his bare feet on the bottom rung of a bar stool. He turned shyly away.
Cas sat back on the bed without looking away from him, turned so his knee was against Dean’s thigh, craning his head close in something rawer than fascination, “What did you say?”
Dean passed by another building with KELLOGG written across it, “Man, fuck name-brand cereals anyways.”
He walked through four miles of flat road like it was decades of hot coals until he reached the town’s bar. It was a nice town. He’d been there a few days. The people were friendly. The local religious centers had rainbow flags in the front of their windows. The bar had a little sticker, next to the passing health code rating.
He turned back to the door and fiddled with the key Cas had given him (walls and doors did not mean anything to Cas) and then dropped it blankly on his feet when Cas said:
Dean turned back to the dried up river bed, jaw tight. Cas stared at him. He was allowed to now, wasn’t he?
“N-No,” he was trembling. His arms were thrown out on either side of him, gripping the mattress as if he was afraid it was going to flip up and launch him across the room.
They laughed at him for not knowing anything about horses or cows. He ended up shoveling shit in the stables, the horses staring at him in that timeless way at least, their leagues-deep eyes just as enigmatic and eerie as ever. He muttered out loud to them.
“I just– He said all that, and I came back. I put Aunt Amara in Europe. She calls me sometimes. She’s having fun. And Dean was nice, but he was also alone most of the time, and stayed away from me. And then sometimes he would say stuff like, ‘Once Cas gets back you won’t have to deal with me.’ Or even now he says stuff like that. Like he’s waiting for you to get back so he can leave.”
and then forced a tight grin at Cas before looking back at the eggs in the pan. He was quiet and kept his hands still while they ate. Jack glanced back and forth between everyone, and Cas smiled reassuringly at him, calmly, while telling himself to wait until he was alone before panicking.
Dean had knocked on Cas’s door later that night, and they had watched Jack crawl around on the multi-colored carpet that Cas had bought over a secondhand app from a kind but frazzled mother living in town, who’d thrown in some sanitized baby toys that her toddlers no longer needed. Eventually Jack had fallen asleep. They'd closed the door quietly. Both of them had ambled down the hall to Dean’s room, heads huddled down and silent as if they were walking along a city street at night to an apartment.
Dean beamed. Cas could imagine he would have scratched the back of his neck if his hands weren’t already busy. He didn’t look away.
He opened it. Cas was standing outside, terrified. They stared at each other. There was clearly a wet patch on the front of Dean’s sweats. Cas had a tent at the front of his. Dean finally licked his lips and nodded to the bed.
“Oh. He’s good. We haven’t leveled up yet, so he runs out of spells really fast. I think him and Rico Nastiefling have been getting along better. He’s still mad at Dolly Parton Paladin Pun Pending.”
“Oh. Sure,” Dean pursed his lips in that weird way he did that meant he wasn’t quite comfortable but wasn’t upset, “That’s fine too.”
He turned off the light and got under the covers. Then he opened his eyes, and reached for this phone. He looked at the texts.
Cas had walked down the aisles of the grocery stores, bought postcards at the gift shop for a local zoo where the goats had nuzzled and headbutt him, had almost gone through an automatic car wash and then with a bracing anxiety and terror had reversed away from it, apologizing fervently and trying to explain that all of a sudden he realized that he was not sure if this car
“I––” and Cas sounded afraid, and finally Dean looked up without thinking only to see Cas with his head ducked down as he weakly laughed, “The problem is that I want the real thing to want
“Oh,” Cas made a face like he was going to throw up as the answer occurred to him, and Dean almost smiled, “I think I do.”
“I got the bread from Madrid,” Cas said casually before turning away from the window, “Otherwise I was investigating some things in the United States.”
“I’m fine. This is just a lot. I don’t know why I’m crying,” he laughed, and breathed in and out, “I– Thanks. Thank you. I’m fine.”
Cas said goodbye to the last guests. He walked through the living room, where Claire, Kaia, and Jack were still yelling as their video game characters violently hit and killed each other on the TV; everyone else staying the night had already gone to bed. Cas squinted to see if Kirby was winning; he wasn’t, and he gave Jack a sympathetic head ruffle before going to the kitchen. Dean was cleaning dishes. Cas touched his side to let him know he was there, and then kissed his cheek before standing next to him to help. Dean swatted him.
Dean blew air out of his mouth, “Buh buh buh, let’s see… God, I gotta say, I think just bored out of my mind.”
“What about when one day he snaps out of it and realizes I’m shit, and he hates me, and he wants me out of his life?”
?” Cas had skipped straight past disdain and to anger, and Dean chose to remember the time Cas had made him and Sam sandwiches and ignore the time Cas had threatened to throw him back into hell.
“To the nickname, Dean. I can see you thinking you’re funny and I’m telling you, I will ruin your life.”
“Dean. Dean, I’m close,” he was suddenly aware of their voices, even through the thick walls and doors, and he spoke quietly.
There was a second where he was sure both of them wondered if Dean would, if he still needed more time, if now was not the right moment, and then Dean said, “I love you.”
After cleaning up, some water and coffee and food from the kitchen, they wound up back in bed. Dean felt a creaking clock somewhere that he was trying to avoid thinking about as it counted down the end of the day, the waning hours where lying around for so long would feel uncomfortable and claustrophobic instead of romantic and indulgent.
Dean’s head rose, his eyes wide, and he held open his arms and Cas scooted bit by bit across the seat into them. The hands folded around his back. They began to rub circles and Cas relaxed so fully that he cried, soundlessly and perfectly still, easier than breathing.
“Yeah. I guess it just felt like once Chuck was gone, everything would fall into place. But there are so many things wrong with the world anyways. And after spending my whole life being watched, it’s kind of weird, you know, to suddenly…”
The ring was very, very far away. Cas kept thinking they must have reached it, but it would only loom larger and larger. Finally it was stretched cavernously above him and Dean’s soul, vertigo-high, only visible when it would flash and emit grace or demonic energy, howling each time it did. The wind pulled at Cas’s trench coat.
etc, felt disingenuous. It would feel cheapened, and like it was just done to avoid doing things the hard way.
“Cas, please,” so what if he was begging? “Just a second ago you looked as scared as I did, like you were about to–”
In town, Cas introduced Dean as his brother. Those who knew Dean as Mr. Winchester, and Cas as Ms. Crocker, found this very odd, until Dean explained that he’d been very close with his aunt, so they were
in Cardassian space. You got that? The whole damn Alpha Quadrant’s available and you want to go back to your grave?”
The truth was he felt too stressed to even start. His head felt full of air and static shock and not in a blissed out, horny way; he just felt like he was trying to climb past a brick wall. Any small heat left over from the kiss, combined with the night’s weird mix of guilt and adrenaline, had gone straight past arousal to shorting him out completely. It was like trying to force open a lockbox that he was so close to just clicking open. He was stunned when Cas got up from the bed and headed for the door.
“Cas–“ and again that nervousness, that edge of regret, but less fearful and panicked and wild, “I wasn’t… I’ve been thinking about my life and how fucked up everything about it has been, how fucked up I’ve been, all my relationships, fuck, what’s the word, there’s a word, not just with you but with my parents and Sam and…”
“It was, you know, a bar. There were lots of desperate people dancing and drinking. We didn’t even do anything.”
And he kissed Cas on the cheek as if on a dare before turning resolutely back to the game. There was a slight flush on his cheeks and a determination in his expression to not look at anything except the table.
I would love to include jack, everyone's Son, but i have no idea how the show got from point A to point B on that. so lets just assume, in the non-existent future of this fic, that they do end up with jack, bc cas's ultimate and final form really just is a dad
Mariah Carey is now being played at Geneva Convention approved volumes in the house. You’re a real kickass dad, you know that?”
“It can be troublesome. But this was my home. I’ll miss it,” that made something dry up in Dean’s chest, before Cas turned to him, “I already talked to Sam about the garden. He said he would take care of it. Or try to find homes for the plants if he can’t. Apparently there’s an app where people like to buy plants from each other.”
“I’m not gonna open one of these rooms and find like a weird papier maché altar or photos pinned to the walls that you’ve been siphoning all your stress into, am I?”
“Dean, I swear the pan is clean. It was clean five minutes ago. You’ve been running water for half an hour.”
“And if she is out there, I don’t know if I want to see her. Or if I would rather we never see each other again.”
“I don’t regret any of these conversations, man. I don’t regret meeting you or knowing you. I just think about the stuff I
“Together as in… As in I clearly lose it when you’re– you’re gone. So not totally surprising. But I mean, he was able to connect the dots. And he gave me the whole loving-accepting-brother speech. Everything’s fine.”
Cas leaned forward to kiss him. Dean’s hands found their way to his neck, under his jaw, tugging at Cas’s hair to get him to tilt his head back as his mouth moved to the space under Cas’s ear, below his chin, to the hollow of his neck, moving the collar of his shirt out of the way.
“You like the car because it reminds you of your family and safety. It helps you feel like you have control and a place in the world and can take care of people. That’s not silly.”
it was a bright summer day and i wanted nothing more than to be those croats on that club boat listening to ABBA remixes. I'd die for sam
They talked for awhile. They went outside when the place finally closed and the cashier remembered to ask them to leave.
No herd or machine or hand could turn his head away from Dean at the moment, though he could not speak. Dean turned away from the road and they looked at each other. As they had done many times before.
They went to the hospital, they got back from the hospital. Cas went in the bathroom to try and clean his arm off. It had a weird smell to it. Dean stopped bothering Sam to lean both his elbows on the sink and watch him.
Sam’s hug came after Eileen’s, and it was crushing. Cas had not realized how much he had missed him, and collapsed against his shoulder. Sam’s hold loosened from painful to firm and he rocked Cas back and forth a little.
before wiping frosting off all the forks before he put them in the dishwasher, “You don’t have to thank me. I’m glad you’re happy,” he muttered, “Even if it’s because you got to see your weird family.”
“This one’s for Cas, from Dean. The message is: I thought this fit but also might come off a little passive-aggressive, but maybe you’d be into that right now. Can’t wait to see you.”
time to introduce my unexpected spn OC, because good god these people need to talk to someone who's never been possessed before
, and a squeaky hospital cot in a vacant room with mood lighting. None of those stains and clunky machines like real hospitals always had.
Cas wondered if she knew about how Sam used to be into bloodplay, and then the sober part of him who was currently reading while the drunk part of him had fun looked up and said, “Do not mention that, ever,” before going back to its magazine.
“I’m glad I kissed him. He wanted to make me feel better. But it made me certain I don’t want to kiss anybody but you. All I could think about was how much I wished you were there.”
“Yeah. Yeah,” and then the voice faltered, “Shit. Yeah. But what if you don’t? What if something happens? Or you get scared again? Or you– Or you change your mind. I don’t want to be one of those boyfriends who doesn’t let you leave the freaking house, I want you to go. I want you and Jack to have a good time, he deserves some time alone with you. And me and Sam, you know, maybe the first time in our lives where we can just relax and be– Be kind of normal. Catch up on shit like normal brothers. So just– This is nothing. Ignore me. This is just my insecure bullshit. Fuck, you really know how to pick ‘em, huh?”
Cas leaned down and gave him a very knightly kiss, and then pulled up the dress and promptly licked a thick stripe from his balls to the tip of his dick before sucking half of him down. Dean clutched his hands into the dirt.
Cas said it with revulsion and almost winced as his eyes grazed Dean’s shoulder. They both seemed to fight a shiver.
There had been the sounds of cheering and blaring music, and he’d gone to the window of his second-story room and seen a couple coming out of the church. There was a wedding. He watched them get into a car and drive away as the crowd stayed behind to talk and laugh, before splitting into pieces and disappearing to their own cars or walking down the street back to their own lives. He sat back on his bed. The light from the windows was dimming but he did not want to get up and turn on the lamp. He finally started going through the messages. They’d all been sent long after Cas had stolen the Impala, since Dean had left his phone in his car. The messages had come from a number he didn’t recognize; but Sam had told him who it belonged to, and even if he hadn’t, the messages could only come from one person.
“No, really, I like it. I was gonna try to get better at cooking, but you’re right. I should just give up. I’m Sam and I’ll never change and I’ll always be bad at cooking. Unless, you know, you’re saying you’re special and you’re the only person on the planet who can’t change, ever.”
“I’ve been nursing a shot of whiskey for half an hour. That’s like a glass of warm milk for me. I know not to be wasted when calling my old lady.”
Dean tried to duck under the shirt; but Cas kept walking. The clotheslines became the walls of a maze, made from sheets that brushed lazily back and forth against the tips of grass. Cas found himself close to running, as he heard Dean trying to catch up to him, somehow always separated by the wall of clothes.
Uriel was appraising him, maybe counting the years on him like a calendar, and Cas realized that no decade could explain to another angel how he could have changed so much since they’d last met, “I won’t need to remember it. Goodbye, Castiel.”
“No,” he stared into the syrup streaks on the plate, hoping for a sign in the lines and waves, “I don’t think this will ever go away.”
There was no use trying to fall back asleep. He got up, the cat landing with a thud on the floor behind him, and walked into the hall. The cat ran ahead of him, to the living room, where the lights were on and a familiar head could be seen over the back of an armchair.
Cas’s heart rate sped up. This was always the part where the illusion broke on him. He wanted to turn around and run. But Dean did not announce the usual sentimental, bolded three words written in cursive as he had done several times before. Instead it was only some logistical filler for the sticklers in the audience.
“It’s fine,” Cas set a grounding hand over Dean’s forearm, “If anything happens, I’ll sense it. Or I can check in on him.”
Cas frowned at the ground. He put a hand on his chin. He squinted up at the darkening sky like he was thinking very hard, and Dean realized he was getting his leg pulled.
Something near him shuddered like birds flushing out of a tree and he flinched in turn; he hadn’t noticed that he was getting close to a woman praying. She looked down at him with wide shocked eyes, but as he looked back at her and resisted the urge to grin, she began to look more puzzled. This made him look puzzled. They stared at each other.
Only Sam could see Charlie roll her eyes, but Dean would probably hear it in her voice, “Yeah, of course
He snarled into town, and whoever he’d tenuously managed to win over before kept their distance now. Pastor Harken was obligated to welcome him with paternal firmness into his office. No, he hadn’t seen anything strange. No, he didn’t know of any cruel men who’d wandered into town recently who needed the hand of justice. Yes, it would be nice if someone swept up a little. Mr. Winchester, are you alright? What brought you to this town anyways? May I ask, son?
Dean sat up, the hand slipping loose completely, and shoved himself into Cas’s space until he was straddling his lap, forcing Cas to look up as he loomed angrily over him, “I freaked out because I saw your death again. I saw your dead body, for like the fifth fucking time. That’s what I was trying to get away from. The other shit before that was kind of hot.”
Dean helped him lug the bags of dirt into the truckbed, along with a new pot and two peach trees that were barely a foot high. Dean looked at them with doubt.
Another silence, less fraught than before, and Cas said without expecting to, “I kissed a man tonight. At a bar. We slow danced.”
It was strange. He wanted very badly to stay in the vessel; and the anxiety and fear of slipping back into his true self only made it harder. He could feel the threads of his human body coming apart, as if he was a sweater being unraveled as it tried to run away from what was pulling at it. Dean was on the other side of the wall, walking fast to keep up.
and all of a sudden it had started hurting. He figured even if it wasn’t him on the table that maybe it wasn’t the most comfortable routine position for a 30-40 something year old professional who was already on her feet all day. The wall of the elevator was still a fun one.
He leaned down to kiss Cas briefly, and then Cas caught his shirt and kept him close. Dean kissed him again, deeper. When Cas’s hands rose up to cup Dean’s face, Dean plucked them off his head and stood up straight.
Cas reached out a hand to point to Dean’s hand. At the red light he lifted it off the wheel. The numbers were smeared and illegible.
Dean felt sick, and the touch didn’t help. The cut in Cas’s arm was deeper than he thought. What if he did it wrong and he killed something billions of years old? Cas, dumped out of his own home and people for his and Sam’s sake, dead of infection and dumped out their airlock. Computer, play a recording of bagpipes.
“I know. But I’m saying stop thinking about it like that. What if you wait your whole life for a sign this is real, and then one day I die of old age? Or rebar in a barn? Or choking in a steakhouse? Then you’ll know it’s real and it will be too late. Which is way worse than taking a chance tomorrow or next week or whatever and finding out it’s fake, right?”
Dean stood up from the bed and began to fish around in the dresser. Cas felt the missing weight on the bed, at his side, like a blow to the chest. It was the morning; Sam was already back from his run and would be wondering where they were, Jack– he could sense Jack curious and awake in the crib in his room, but not in danger. It was reality. The sun was already up. This was bad timing, a bad idea. He continued waiting as Dean closed the dresser, spun around and wagged a packet in between two fingers. He tossed it and Cas managed to catch it with both hands. Dean fell back on the bed next to him.
“It was. It still is, to get older and wake up and either the place is empty or I give in and start dating again
Four days later, condom or no condom, anal, blowjobs, handjobs, ‘pitching,’ ‘catching’– it didn’t matter. Like the light shoving into the car, like the hand on the shoulder, like the elbow in his arm, it was all lacking some intimacy from the dream and even from before the dream. The way Dean had hugged him in front of that phonebooth had been more revealing than the averted-eyes, one-liner puppet show that they performed together now. In several weeks, Dean had only kissed him four times, quick and never lingering. And of course, nothing happened outside the room, where Sam might see. No hand holding, no morning kisses on the cheek, no petnames. Polite, friendly claps on the back. Uncanny, mask-like grins and forced jokes, which Cas only looked away from.
“Cas. Cas, don’t hang up, okay?” He could hear Dean’s panicked breathing, “Just, just tell me what I’m allowed to say. I gotta know that. Just talk to me, okay?”
He woke up in the church again. Goddamn respawn point. His clothes were dry. He felt clearheaded and warm. His back hurt like hell from lying on the pew. Daylight came through the windows, meaning he’d missed his chance to work at the ranch again. Well, fuck ‘em.
Dean stood up from the wash bin and walked towards him, his hands raised and open, almost laughing, “Listen, I know this is gonna sound weird, but in the future you and I are good friends.”
my lawyer called me and said my dearest clown you wrote 20k words and none of it was pillow talk. what are you doing.
But Dean pulled the fingers out. Cas felt his heels digging into the dirt as he leaned back, hardly able to keep himself up. He was staring back at himself, a mirror propped up in front of another mirror. The wasteland had tangled into briars and ruins, growing and collapsing onto itself over millions of years in the last few minutes. Wall after wall, and yet if one looked at the right angle there was a tunnel like a railroad track that drew the eye on and on to a horizon where the center of a tempest looked back. At the center of the tempest was a red star. His wings branched and pinned to the sky like aqueducts, anchoring him in place. He felt Dean’s hands push forward, trying to wrap around his waist, before giving up and clawing on the back of his hips. Dean growled in his ear.
Cas beat him to it, his voice surprisingly alert and exasperated in the dark, “Dean. What are you awake for?”
“Oh yeah, good for you, great point. Did you think about how that would make me feel, at all? What I would do after you died?”
“If I’m bothering you, I can leave. I just thought you were radiating a bit of hurt and maybe wanted some company.”
Cas tilted his head, and then realized, with a start, that his form had begun slipping from conscious to subconscious; from Jimmy to the cosmic remains of his grace. Dean came closer, his hands reaching out to– to hold him, or pat his shoulder, or something.
Cas reached for a used mug of coffee on a bussed tray and smashed it over the man’s head. Someone screamed again. The man swore and grabbed Cas’s leg and pulled, knocking him to the ground. He got a solid punch in the stomach and even with the breath knocked out of him, the grace long gone, Cas suddenly felt like he could level a city.
“Jealous!” Dean laughed with all his teeth on display, turning his head to show the kitchen appliances every molar and canine, “Jealous. That’s. That’s a good one.”
A low sincerity, “Thank you, Castiel,” and then again the sweetness, but drawn tighter now, “I’ll let you be, but don’t be a stranger.”
“I can feel shame mixed in with it. It’s hard to pull apart the two,” Cas winced, “I can imagine that I’d be apprehensive to approach such a thing with you.”
Whatever Dean suspected the gay scene was like in Kansas, Cas’s truck started disappearing more than he would have bet.
Cas wasn’t smiling when he pulled away, but Dean grinned, “I like this version. You’re more believable than last time.”
“You know, all those songs I would dedicate on the radio to you when you were gone… It’s funny. I never told you this. But it always felt like that was my way of praying to you when I couldn’t anymore. Anyways, uh, don’t tell Sam this, but I’ve always kind of liked this song. My mom– She said my dad used to sing it to her. When I was little.”
Cas felt the tug of anger, that at least could lead away from heartbreak for a time, “You’re not dead, are you? I’m not talking to a ghost right now?”
Dean knew this was the part where he was supposed to step back, shake his head, but instead he just closed his eyes and leaned into the hand as he pressed it into his skin, “Are you staying?”
He recoiled. Dean tried to stay close on instinct and then realized, seeing something on Cas’s face, and rolled off of him. They laid side by side.
“Not that I don’t love this, but why did you wake me up at 4 am to see the beach for the first time? It’s a little too dark to see anything.”
“Dean?” He'd unmuted his phone for once, thankfully. It was 2 am. He was sleeping on the pullout couch in Renee’s living room.
“It felt good. But there’s a lot of stuff to touch. Too much at once, it was driving me crazy. And all of a sudden I just want to be inside instead of under it. You know?”
“I promise I will tell you. I’ll let you talk at me all you want. But you gotta let me drive for a few hours at least.”
Cas didn’t; but he did slow down, and Dean breathed through the kisses left over his nose, his eyelids, his chin, as the hand found its pace and steadily rocked in time with his hips. On the dark side of his eyelids he began to see sunspots; blue instead of red. Three, spaced apart, that became eyes and a mouth. A mask floating in the dark, an obscure face. A ring lit up behind it. Another ring circled the first. There was still someone touching him, kissing his cheek. The face was harder and harder to see as more rings appeared, spinning and glowing dimly. More lights. His vision tunneled inward to the deep black where the mask had been and he found himself heading through the halls of an MS Escher drawing, a maze painted in soft grays and gold, and every once and awhile a blue light; a candle, a glowing rock, light from under a door– still the pleasure growing in his chest, the memory of a hand around him. It felt like cool river water was running over his arms and legs, even as the heat remained under his skin. He remembered the rings; and suddenly he was back to staring at them spinning massively in the dark. They were lit in the soft light of candle fire, not too bright but warm and beautiful. He heard Cas murmuring his name, felt his breath against his ear, and the mask was clearer now. The light was shining brighter through the eyes and mouth. It was shining too bright, bleeding out, there was a piercing beam through the chest below, Dean was several feet away and miles from stopping the worst moment of his life all over again–
He was driving aimlessly past a county park full of unthreatening-sized trees, RVs, and a cute office with a retro sign around the time noon came by. He double checked the radio station. There were no tunnels or threats of static on the horizon, though there were thick rainclouds as thick and tearable as loaves of bread waiting ahead of him.
“Cas… Sometimes you can only take it so far. Maybe the only thing you can do now to feel better is come home.”
His tongue was thick in his mouth and he shivered when Cas put a hand on his shoulder. At some point he had stripped down to boxers but his socks were still on. He looked nervous, and was standing so far back from the bed that he was bent in half to reach Dean.
and Cas would kneel and clench his hands and wish for even a stone wall and a barred window just so he could tally the days passing somehow. Eventually he’d be willing to be tricked if only to feel something.
Dean muttered, and somewhere in between sent one last doubtful glance towards Cas before getting up and leaving the room.
Cas didn’t respond. Despite what he’d said, Dean watched him for what felt like an hour before drifting off.
“Yeah, that place has changed. I used to go there when I just moved here, but now it’s mostly for grad students. I’ve seen some of my kids coming out of there.”
Dean sighed and put his head on Cas’s shoulder so he wouldn’t see him roll his eyes, “You ever think there’s something wrong with both of us?”
Dean sounded more tired than annoyed. Cas wondered if he’d be able to fall asleep at all tonight. He wondered what he thought Cas spent his time doing.
“Yeah, and then deal with a ghost in front of fifty people while a shitty Arianna remix plays too loud.”
Sam turned away from the street, enough to make eye contact, and then turned away when Cas kept staring.
“You gotta let me say it. I promise. I promise, Cas, I know I can never say this stuff, but I’ve been thinking about it. I can do it. I can do this for you. I can say it.”
sorry to that dog but if they really wanted a non-talking animal to replace cas it should have been a small gray cat
Cas didn’t turn away. He only stared at Dean with that smile still in place, though his eyes had taken on that dreamy quality from earlier.
“I haven’t looked at them yet,” he chose to speak without thinking too long about what he’d say, “I was afraid to.”
The hand dropped from the face, and Dean smoothed back his hair to try and hide for a few seconds longer the fact that he’d been crying. He sniffed. He was still holding Cas’s hand on the cheap plastic table.
Sam slammed the laptop shut with an unimpressive clatter, “Okay. For real, are you homophobic? Because I know we never really talked about it, and that’s on me being a bad ally, but like, we
Dean brought him to the living room and pulled out a very worn out cardboard box full of lesser or equally worn down cardboard envelopes.
Bobby glowered over the controls, “Our warp drive was about to blow and take us all out if the Cardassians didn’t. And you know it could barely skip a stone over water much less take us from Cardassian Prime to Trill like that.”
The original idea had been to explain to Cas that if his approval was Dean’s best ticket home, then they might as well spend all their time together so Dean could prove whatever he needed to prove sooner than later. But he’d laid in bed that morning, tapping his hands on his chest, and thought, well, yeah, I could say that, and then Cas might do what he always did, which was run off. So he’d have to let Cas think he was just a dumb ape with no plans in his little cosmic-ant head, who wanted some company on a walk.
After five days of blissful eggshell-walking, tentative moments of affection that asked where the border was drawn on what was and wasn’t okay to do yet, what felt good despite feeling strange, what was okay to do in front of the others; there finally came a morning when Dean was gone. Usually he was either curled up against him, or finding excuses to still be lingering in the room until Cas woke up.
Cas raised his eyebrows innocently, “You’re considered handsome by human standards. Wouldn’t that be a good thing for her?”
The sigh of someone who knew exactly what Cas wanted and would probably fail at avoiding it, but not for lack of trying, “No, Cas. I’m probably going to stay at Rufus and Bobby’s. Also we’re not gonna get there until 10 pm.”
It was written on a worn piece of paper, torn on one side. He turned it over. There was type on it– it was the publication page from a bible.
“It was also where Sojourner Truth ended up living. Uh, and also, the home of the American eugenics movement. Coincidentally run by Will Kellogg’s brother, who founded a health sanitarium. You guys know anything about John Kellogg?”
At least Cas was still Cas in this timeline, apologetic and earnest to the point of breaking his own heart in half. Dean felt himself leaning forward and forward, and then stopped as he realized Cas was staring at him, leaning away.
A ring flashed in the distance, small enough to slip your finger through, suspended in the darkness. There was a scream. It flashed several more times; sometimes in a bright light, and sometimes in a bang of fire and smoke. It smelled like ozone and sulphur. He sensed a swear from Dean’s soul, but no distinct prayer. He felt Dean’s guilt, and fear, and secrecy.
“Yes,” he considered whether it was necessary, reconsidered if it would be funny, and then decided it was at least honest, “And almost started it again, a few times.”
Some dreams it didn’t feel like anything at all, as if he was stuck inside some numbing web and couldn’t feel his dick or mouth or even the palms of his hands. It felt like the real thing tonight, hot and clinging and with an almost immediate pressure building in the pit of his stomach. He groaned and she cooed encouragingly at him, cutting herself off to swear and hiss. It was almost unbearable; he couldn’t keep his usual pace. He stopped several times, deep as he could go, painfully hard as he dragged out. She was already sweating, her body glinting in the dim, gold light.
Dean breathed out. He didn’t have an argument ready. Rufus sighed and pushed away from the window, and without thinking, Dean took the opportunity to look through it. He could see Cas sweating through the shirt he’d borrowed from Dean, getting it dirty and ripping holes in it. He was spinning the bat’leth and testing the weight of it. Bobby was clearly trying to pretend he wasn’t worn out. His earring, matching the one on Rufus, glimmered momentarily through his hair.
Cas finally stared at him, the line fissured between his brows, as if Dean was still the confusing 29-year-old that had been dumped in his celestial lap. Then something like doubt passed over him, over the lines and wrinkles that had disrupted him like ripples in water over the last few years, and then determination, even as he spoke softly, gently.
Cas opened his eyes and looked up, not teary or weepy but ashen-faced and haunted, “I always thought maybe there was something wrong with me. Is there? Do I ever find out? Do I ever fix it?”
“It’s a pretty old surgery, so I uh. Back in the day, when people just started using dermals for scars, some people wanted to keep theirs. As a kind of way of keeping the history of it all alive,” he had never talked about this with anyone, not even Sam, and only a little with Bobby, who had nodded and understood in his Klingon way why certain scars were worth keeping, “So I wanted to keep mine too.”
also in case it's not clear i do think season 16 should involve them ****ing billionaires, thank you for your suggestion, jack.
“There should really be more trees planted along this riverbed. The shade helps prevent evaporation.”
“And by then I was already dirty and I figured I would get down on my back and underneath it, and check out what was going on down there. So I got right underneath, with my face right up against everything. You alright with that?”
In the morning he woke up and Cas was no longer pressed against him but snoring into the pillow he'd claimed on the other side of the bed. His leg was still thrown over Dean’s knee. Dean laughed when he felt Cas’s sock rub up against his thigh. Cas woke up and turned over, voice bleary.
for movie night and I think it’s altering my brain chemistry. I got banned from the video rental store because–“
If it was just blowing off steam he would have been done by now. It felt like his head was a room full of guys decking each other, each fight between one idea and its counterargument. As soon as he thought
Sam was starting to let his interest overwhelm his politeness, “But why would the Q care about symbionts? No matter how important they are?”
Cas pressed his palm to his forehead; and then realized, “The angels who attacked you are still alive?”
me, I know this is irrational, but it was so long ago. To you it was just last night but to me that just feels like… Like it happened to someone else.”
“Of course it’s nice! What the fuck are you talking about, man? I want you to feel good! We didn’t pull you of the Empty for lukewarm bullshit!”
“Because that’s something you’re really going to regret one day. You and I end up getting into fights about a lot of things you do, and you’re one stubborn son of a bitch. You don’t regret a lot. But I know you wish you hadn’t let that happen.”
“I don’t know, Cas, but I sure as shit don’t want to be. Please. Don’t you have some kind of way to pull me out of time?”
Cas searched the light miserably, wondering what his role would be this time. He hated when he had to participate in the illusion rather than let it passively happen to him. He lifted a hand, and reached for the soul, wavering.
He didn’t know if it was safe to pray. The only person he’d ever believed in enough to pray to was unconscious in front of him. He pressed his forehead to his fists and thought of nothing at all.
Maggie had stared at them like they were ghosts sent to haunt her. At the end of the day, it came down to: Trill weren’t allowed to reassociate with close family or loved ones from previous lives. Bobby had tracked her down and she had been willing to share some information about the shapeshifter who’d killed her all those years ago disguised as a Starfleet commander. She even had some useful information about the two worms Michael and Lucifer. Changelings, Qs, Trill, Bajoran prophets and pai-wraiths–– somehow the more they dug the more people were connected to the whole thing. She had been hoping to avoid seeing either of Mary’s sons. Maggie had hugged Dean and Sam goodbye; it had felt awkward and uncertain. She remembered being their mother, but she was not actually their mother. And even if she was, she was choosing never to see them again. Maggie Campbell left the planet by hitchhiking on a transport heading to Beta Antares IV.
He knew how to flirt with men. He knew, in any bar in any place, how to know when a man wanted a certain kind of attention. Hell, he’d made a game of it since he was young and John wasn’t around, letting it go as far it could in public, before he’d turn away back to the bar and take a drink, and say, “I gotta get home soon,” as coldly as possible. It was practice. Having a lot of random skills was important on the road and in the life, and who knew when he might one day have to go home with a guy? Not to do anything. Just to case a joint, to stake something out, to get information. Nothing real.
When John had disappeared, Dean had hunted down Sam’s assigned starship and requested assistance. It was just his luck that the ensign who’d beamed him into the transporter room was Sam Winchester, who then proceeded to shock everyone around him by yelling at the ship’s guest the second his molecules reassembled.
Dean sounded exhausted. Before he could overthink it, Cas turned around and pulled the damned sheet down. It collapsed in an unwieldy heap between them as he crawled forward. Dean was on his knees, sitting back on his heels. His eyes widened for a moment, before Cas pressed him backwards into the grass and kissed him. He licked his mouth open, desperate to crawl inside somehow. Both his palms cupped Dean’s head. Dean finally pushed him back by the shoulders.
“Just did. His friends are funny. They’re turning him against us old people but he seems pretty happy.”
“I’m fine, nothing’s wrong,” but he sounded haunted, miserable, close to tears if not already crying, “I just. I just was thinking, I don’t know. I don’t know.”
“Thank you,” it had not escaped Cas’s notice that Dean had spent most of the party hiding in the kitchen, “I know it’s been a stressful day for you.”
Harold was rubbing Cas’s back while Renee and Darren made tea in the kitchen and pretended making tea was a two-person job. Cas was lying dry-eyed but blank on the couch on his side. Renee's skinny tabby was coincidentally in reach for him to pet it.
“Maybe for today,” Dean sipped what was left of the tea, pretending it wasn’t cold, “But I’m gonna be thinking about those windows and a kid now. You let the cat out of the bag. Hey. Wait. Cas, you want a cat?”
Candids of Cas and Sam that Dean had taken, of them in diners or leaning against the Impala or glaring at him for taking yet another photo while they were trying to talk. A picture of Cas and him standing together in formal clothes at some event, both their smiles forced and awkward, that Sam must have insisted on. A photo of Cas and him asleep on Bobby’s couch, a beer still in his hand, Cas curled up against him with his head on his shoulder, their mouths open. There was photographic evidence that Cas had stayed. Was staying. It was even likely that he was never going to leave.
