It suddenly dawned on Tony that Steve doesn't know about his whereabouts, much in the same way that Tony doesn't know his. Besides, it was about time that he came face to face with reality. He has so much he needed to explain to Steve and so much that he needed to apologize for.
Tony didn't mind for a fraction of a second as he locked his arms together behind Steve's neck and pushed himself closer to him still, touching their chests together and pressing his forehead flush with Steve's. Tony kissed him like he wanted to draw the breath from his lungs as he urged him to move his hips. Steve obliged and descended on Tony's neck, peppering it with kisses as he pushed into him.
Tony shook his head. "I'm not avoiding the conversation anymore. I've been hurting you by working for weeks straight."
Tony’s eyes shut and his face scrunched the way it did when he tried to make sense of something. "How did Barton know though?"
“Cap..” Clint opens his mouth but he has no idea what to say. He stares at Steve as Steve looks back at him with that same heartbreaking expression. Clint blinks away the image and when he opens his eyes, he sees Steve’s back, getting drenched in the rain, running away from him. He’s feeling too many emotions at once and his heart is pounding with the rush. He can feel it as he starts shaking all over. He doesn’t know what just happened but he knows that he has to get out of the range and he starts running, ignoring the freezing rain that attacks him. He stops only when he is safely on the balcony of the tower.
Tony, who went out of his way to send a message to Steve to let him know his status, who practically gave him instructions on what he wanted him to do if..
Steve smiled a bitter smile. "A ghost is all that's left of me when my heart and mind travel far to get a glimpse of him."
Steve protectively wrapped his arms around Tony but made no move towards moving inside. Instead he watched the clouds move hurriedly across the sky as the wind got stronger. “Looks like it won’t be just a passing rainfall.”
With narrowed eyes Steve answered, “It’s a Captain America promise.” He smirked and stood up from his chair. “Come on. Onto phase two.” He said as he pulled Tony’s chair back from the table.
“Tony,” He cupped Tony’s face in his hands. “I’ve loved you long before I realized that I did. And it took almost losing you for me to admit it.” He bowed his head, looking directly into Tony’s eyes. “The truth is, I’ve always felt like I’m yours.” One of Steve’s hands dropped from Tony’s face. “Won’t you let me be yours?” Steve held a small box in his hand and brought it closer to Tony’s.
“Mr. Rogers. If I didn’t know any better, I’d think you were trying to woo someone tonight.” Tony remarked as he sat down on the offered chair and Steve tucked it in.
Tony didn’t realize it at the beginning but he too could do without the urgency that he felt when Steve first walked into his workshop.
"Steve. It's okay if you don't.." He cut himself off because how was he supposed to tell him that yeah I get it. You love me so much and you've missed me so much that at this point, the simplest of touches are way more important to you than fucking me.
Steve could imagine every word in perfect detail, thanks to Triple S. He definitely needed to sketch that while he waited for the baddies with Clint. Yeah, he packed his sketchbook.
Thankfully, she recognized him and lead him to see Jackie right away, promptly dousing all his fear. He sighed when his eyes landed on the young boy. He approached him with heavy feet as tears began stinging his eyes. "Oh Jackie." He gasped as he reached into the crib and pulled him into his arms.
Tony agreed against Steve’s bare chest then tilted his head to press a kiss to his heart. Steve lifted Tony’s chin with a finger and kissed him, an act Tony promptly reciprocated until they fell back into their rhythm.
He hadn't even gotten the chance to say anything else before he was taken away. Steve couldn't even make it to his side in time.
Steve’s been in his room for too long, he realizes this much, but he can’t bring himself to go outside and face his mistake. He sketches away the scene that plays in front of him. New York’s dull dark before sunset sky raining down on the unsuspecting city below. The scene is truly magnificent. The sky where the sun is on the verge of sinking below the horizon is a brilliant bright red through the dark clouds, a very faint rainbow teasing through as well.
Steve returned his kiss just as gently, his eyes fluttering half shut and his free hand coming up to hold the back of Tony's neck to him, the other only tightening around Tony’s fingers, bringing his hand closer to his chest.
“Steve..” Tony mutters to the ever increasing rain. “I feel every beat, just about rushing. Expecting..” The brush of his lips on Tony’s neck does increase his pulse. “Are you gonna keep me waiting?” Tony asks true to his snarky persona. Steve answers by parting his lips very slightly and kissing Tony’s neck. He can feel Tony’s breath as he shuts his eyes and inhales deeply at the tingling sensation. Steve kisses him again and Tony responds in the same way, drawing in another breath and making Steve kiss that rising pulse point again. Tony’s arm comes around the back of Steve’s head, never pushing or forcing but letting him know that he can take it a step further. Steve moves his lips, kissing the entire length of Tony’s neck before sinking his teeth lightly on the exposed collar bone, making Tony visibly shudder under his touch.
With the shabby house clear of kids who were now running toward the other side on Clint's instruction where SHIELD waited for them, Clint rigged up the explosives and pulled out, calling after Cap to run as the detonation was timed and Clint already activated it.
Steve's hands circled Tony's thighs as he moved from between his legs to pull down his pants. He pulled his off while sitting at the edge of the bed before wasting no time in returning to Tony.
Steve blinked, shielding Tony from the entrancing beauty of his eyes, waking him from his spell, returning the breath to his lungs. His hand closed around the box and he threw himself at Steve, hugging him tightly. “Yes!” He agreed. “Yes. Yes. Yes!” He laughed. “Steve, that is everything I’ve ever wanted. I can’t say it like you did, but everything you feel, I do too.”
Steve used the same hand on Tony's neck to brush his thumb across his lips in the most softest of caresses. Tony's lips slid apart slightly at the overwhelming emotion that swept through him.
Tony thanked God that it was the middle of the night and they had the cover of darkness to shield them, or their conservative Moroccan neighbours would not have taken lightly to their displays of affection. He quickly banished the thought and twined his legs around Steve’s waist, locking him between his legs.
Tony arched his back for him and Steve interrupted his line of kisses to Tony's neck to press a soft kiss to the center of his chest. Tony's heart plummeted through his ribcage and he took hold of Steve's cheeks and kissed him to convey what his words were failing him to do.
Steve shut his eyes and finally turned his body halfway towards facing Tony. “I’m always close, silly.”
He was perfect. He resembled the both of them enough, that he could be their son. But none of that ever happened. His fairy tale ending with Steve was spoiled before the story even began.
He was greeted with a terse smile that he could not bring himself to return. The social worker there could hardly hold it against him when she appeared to have been through hell herself. It clicked for Steve then, that she must've seen someone vanish into dust. He felt his body go limp.
He got up then and pulled the bikes out of the jet, the rain soaking him completely in minutes but he didn't go back inside. He had his bow and his quiver was strapped to his back, he just needed to wait for Cap so they could move.
Steve smiled in return not to be rude. He was just in another place now that involved Tony being in the workshop when he got back from his mission. He never even left and he was already worrying about Tony. Clint didn't need to know that. Not that Steve felt like he could talk anyway so his smile sufficed. He did need to thank Clint for what he did for Jack though.
"What did you talk about?" Tony smirked again but this one was directly at the corner of Steve’s mouth.
Steve watched the night turn to dawn and the sun light the New York sky behind the thick gray clouds. There wasn't much difference between night and day with how dark the sky was. It was still beautiful to Steve but the funny thought that it might only get darker and even rain as they got closer to Canada made him smile.
“You are.” He dropped his head on Steve’s shoulder. “You invited me to a wonderful dinner, you got this room for us, you packed a bag, you got wine. But when I ask you why, you keep avoiding an answer. I mean, I’m not reading into things here, right Steve? We’re meant to stay away for a while, eat hotel food, drink wine, and have sex?” He accentuated his question by raising his head and placing another kiss to Steve’s lips.
Steve smiled a small polite smile, not knowing what else to say and Clint turned around to the jet’s console.
"All right JARVIS, save project MK 53. I'm going to take a shower and then sleep for about a week so don't let anyone disturb me."
He spent hours in the bathroom. He scrubbed his skin raw and he still couldn't get the flecks of blood and dust off it. He hadn't even bothered with cleaning his uniform, just discarded it in the corner of the bathroom behind the door. He made some progress and eventually willed himself to part with the comfort of the hot water.
Steve, who is a saint; who always knew the right thing to say at the appropriate time. Steve who could comfort him by tracing the veins of his forearm up from his wrist to his elbow and make a warm shudder run up his spine. Steve whose kisses melted away all the hurt Tony ever felt, and whose hugs could turn ice warm.
Bucky rolls on top of Clint and plants his lips to his, kissing him deeply. Clint’s hand tangles in the messy dark brown hair, pulling Bucky down to him, and kissing him further. Bucky kisses Clint like he’ll never get enough of kissing him, and Clint moans under his soft lips, pulling him down further still and swelling his lips with his own. Bucky’s kisses become too deep and passionate as he wants Clint, making Clint pull back, breathing heavily at his lips. “Don’t want to..” Clint takes in a sharp breath. “To do this in the morning..” He murmurs to Bucky’s lips. Bucky nods, licking his lips and kissing Clint one more time. He rolls over, allowing enough room for Clint to slide to the side of the bed and get up.
Once he was standing outside the entrance, he had to remind himself that this was because of Tony. That he was going to return to earth and he'd want to know how his baby Jackie is doing. It was for them that Steve took a deep breath in to steady himself and made his way inside.
Tony laughed and it stretched his sleeping face muscles. “I knew there was a reason you were the one for me.”
Clint smiled as a faint blush colored his cheeks. "Don’t mention it Cap. You would’ve done the same if he was my son."
Clint had a brief second to get hurt before Steve was packing away his sketchbook and getting on his bike.
It wasn’t until they had stopped far enough away from the baddies' hideout to not be seen but still monitor them that Clint kicked his bike in frustration.
With a huff, he faced the direction of the street leading towards the compound and took the first step when something black and red caught his attention. The figure was across the street in the park and they were doing a good job of hiding themselves. If it weren't for the sudden twitch they'd made, they would've remained hidden.
“Sorry.” Clint apologizes, unfolding his legs and kicking his feet up on the coffee table. “It’s okay.” Bucky answers distantly, the movie quickly grabbing his full attention. He takes a sip out of his bottle just as Clint’s finger pokes him in his right arm, tearing his eyes away from the TV. “How am I even supposed to get Steve down here?” He asks, worry taking over his voice. “Don’t worry about that. He’ll come down eventually.” Bucky reassures, stuffing way too much chips in his mouth, following them with a chug of coke. Clint impatiently waits for his eyes to return to his own. They don’t and Clint yanks the bottle out of Bucky’s hand. “What if he doesn’t?”
Tony draws his hand back to rest on his stomach but the soldier reaches for it again. Tony allows Steve to thread their fingers and lay them over his chest. But he is confusing Tony so much. He hardly said anything since he pinned Tony to the bed and now he looks like he is facing a dilemma. “Steve.” Tony whispers, voice hoarse. He waits for an answer but Steve remains silent. “Steve.” He repeats and gets his hand squeezed gently in response. “Baby, answer me.” Tony tries, bringing his other hand to wander the length of the soldier’s chiseled body.
Tony turned his face to press a kiss in the middle of Steve’s back. “What are you doing up? I don’t even know what time it is. But it’s definitely before dawn.”
"You play with Jackie." Jack demanded as he rest his head against Tony's chest while Tony carried him to his room.
Steve tilts his head to the side and presses his lips to Tony’s who isn’t expecting a kiss. Tony is startled for a millisecond before his eyes flutter shut and he gives Steve’s lips the attention they demand from his. He doesn’t have the chance to kiss Steve for long before finding himself being swept off the bed into the soldier’s arms. He loops his arms around Steve’s neck, resting his head on his broad chest. Steve carries Tony to the shower and sets him on his feet as he gets the water running at an optimal temperature.
Yeah Tony wanted him, but if this is to be their first time in a while and also the last until Steve's mission was all done, well, he just couldn't rush no matter how much he missed Steve.
"No Steve. I get how it feels now. You being on that mission while I wasn't busy, I got to feel every little thing that you do on a constant basis. I missed you so much from the minute you left and it just kept getting worse." Tony's chest heaved against Steve's and it became clear that he was crying.
The jet dived left then and Clint stirred from his thoughts, wrestling the jet back to the correct gyro.
"Oh I am sorry Mr. Bear. Forgive me." He set Jack down in his bed with the teddies he managed to grab and tucked him in.
Though granted, his genius level dropped drastically whenever Steve's hands were on him and he quickly surrendered himself to the feeling of Steve’s full lips against his.
"Sorry." He mumbled in apology, his cheeks coloring faintly but Steve only clapped him on the back and picked up his bag, moving a couple of seats back in the jet.
Red metal boots touched concrete as Tony willed the suit to form around him. A benefit of being Iron Man was that he could fly anywhere he wanted to. Fully engulfed in his second skin, Tony took off flying to his destination.
Steve shrugged, his hands sliding under the jacket of Tony’s suit and pulling it off. “I miss my man.” He tossed the jacket towards the couch.
Steve opened his mouth to argue but Tony silenced him with a kiss. He could kiss Tony forever and forevermore.
He must’ve jinxed it though ‘cause soon Cap was sulking again. And that was the word. Clint knew about Tony and the way Steve was staring out the window, was like someone whose heart was aching. And Steve's no doubt definitely ached.
After a while of thinking and coming up with the same conclusion, Steve picked up his bag with his wet uniform inside and exited the jet to a barrage of bright lights.
He turned back slightly, careful of disturbing Jack and kissed Steve. "You did check baby." He reminded him.
"I'm right here Jackie. Papa's here." Tony kissed his forehead.  "God Jackie! You're as cold as ice! What happened?"
Tony pulls the chain just a bit further for his lips to ghost over Steve’s. “Kiss me Cap.” He whispers barely hearing his own voice, his lips brushing up ever so slightly against Steve’s. His lips connect with Tony’s softly, sliding together to fit his perfectly. Tony kisses him slowly despite wanting more, letting Steve lead the way and part his lips only when he had enough of tasting Tony’s own. Steve holds his lips to the genius’s until they both need to breathe. He pulls his lips away, taking his time and making Tony chase after his mouth. When Steve captures his lips again, he parts them a fraction, giving Tony what he wants but still commanding every move.
"Are you in a hurry Cap? Cause unfortunately we've got about three more hours before we reach B.C." Clint joked then instantly kicked himself for it because Cap looked sad all over again.
"You fought hard and you probably lost just as much as I did, but it's far from over." He pushed his head back against the wall heavily. He was the worst to ask this of Steve. "The Avengers don't give up. Thanos is still out there and he still has the damn stones. I won't make it but you're there."
He quickly used his thumbs to wipe away the tears, refusing to meet Clint’s eyes. Maybe what he read as fear could simply be worry for his behalf. Clint was thoughtful and the thought of a distressed teammate would definitely affect him.
Tony had sagged back against the headboard and Steve was having none of it. He pulled him close and tight to his chest as his arms encircled him, blunt fingernails digging into his back, and his lips went to his ear. Steve had told him things he'd never admitted before, fears he has and worries he couldn't shake, confirming to Tony just how different this time was, all while praising him and reminding him just how much he loves him.
Steve was going to hate him when he listened to this. He knew he wouldn't want to hear this but Tony owed him. "I just always wished that mine would be with you. Wrapped up in the comfort of your arms, looking up at you and memorizing every detail of your face as my time came."
Shaking his head, Tony leaned forward and kissed Steve. Before Steve could say or do anything, Tony mumbled the most intense feeling he’s had all night. “How am I supposed to survive a lifetime of you taking my breath away?”
The smile that made its way onto his lips would’ve been too welcome had it not been for the fact that the muscles of his face were still asleep and it hurt to smile. Another gust of air made him shiver. He had been mildly aware of the cool air on his bare skin as Steve gave him his sole attention with his ministrations, had welcomed it on his then heated skin even. Now was a different story, and he quickly resolved to looking for his robe in their unpacked bags.
"I brought you up here and cleaned you and dressed you." He sighed and turned to press his lips to Steve's neck. "I knew you weren't sleeping well. I saw your eyes when you came to the workshop. I just didn't realize that I was causing you to practically break."
Simultaneously, Steve felt his heart drop to his knees and jump up into his throat. A message from Tony for him? That must mean that Tony is safe. He could feel his lips begin to turn upwards into a smile. He'd wanted to not think about Tony at all because of raw wounds that still hung untreated between them, but he hadn't allowed himself to think about what could've happened to him. Not since Bruce mentioned that he boarded the alien space ship.
So in deep into the bottom of his heart did he hide those feelings because what they had was good. Jack was the perfect son and Cap and Stark were happy if the kisses Clint caught sight of were any indication, especially before missions. He wouldn't ruin that for his own selfish reasons.
Steve pulls away from the sweet smell of Tony to look into his eyes as he backs away from the chair and heads towards the bed. Steve stands up and follows him, watching Tony sit down first then lie back, inviting Steve in. Steve climbs up to trap Tony under his body. Hands on either side of his head and legs on the outside of his own. Tony reaches up in the darkness of the room and slips his finger under the collar of Steve’s shirt, hooking it in the metal chain Steve always wore. He pulls on it a little forcing Steve to follow the movement and cover his body with his larger frame.
Tony lost count of the number of times Steve kissed his ring finger as he made love to him. He didn’t blame him; Tony couldn’t believe it either. Surreal was maybe the only word in vocabulary that described how he felt, how he hoped--, no, was sure, Steve felt.
Steve looked harder, training his eyes on the figure to realize that it is a man. He was wearing a black tracksuit with red stripes and something blue on the chest. It seemed familiar to Steve and he concentrated on identifying how it's familiar. It took him a minute to recognize the tracksuit as identical to the one the mannequin on Tony's shelf was wearing.
He rolled onto his side to face Steve, then turned over onto his stomach to look up at him. Steve’s chest was warm as Tony traced a repetitive string of 0s and 1s to spell ‘I love you’ over his heart. Steve’s smile grew wider, familiar with the sequence. “I love you, too.”
Tony nodded and leaned forward, pressing his lips to the hair atop Steve’s chin. “What do you say we avoid any further interruptions and have round two more indoors?”
His smile, his perfectly manicured hands, the way he moved, the way he spoke, the way his eyes travelled a thousand years into the future when he got an idea, even the way he overworked himself to come up with the prototype for his ingenious new idea.
Steve and Tony laid side by side on the bed, a sheet covering their heated bodies. Steve had his eyes closed, a smile painted on his lips, and Tony couldn’t stop examining the ring that fit so perfectly around his finger.
He had work to do. He needed to check on Jackie and make sure he's all right so that when Tony came back, he can adopt him. He believed that Tony will come back. Because he came back time and time again. Afghanistan, the wormhole in the sky over New York, Siberia. Steve bit his lip to bite back the unpleasant memories. Tony always came back. Why should this time be any different?
Immediately, he regretted his actions. The sheet had been protecting him from the breezy late night air that now mercilessly attacked his bare skin. He grabbed the sheet and drew it around his shoulders as the breezy air jogged his memory as to why he was naked. He immediately blamed Steve who stripped him of his clothes and in tradition, claimed the rented apartment theirs by making love to Tony on the tiny bed; even though it was him who initiated the circumstances, as per his unspoken tradition, which he’d never admit to Steve but guessed he already knew.
Tony bit his lip as his eyes began to sting. This is hard. "There's so much that I should tell you, so much that I owe you, and so much more that I need to apologize for." He bit his lip harder. "I was wrong. I was so wrong, Steve. Wrong to ever think that I could do this without you. Wrong to ever allow myself to believe that I'll be okay with the Avengers split. Wrong to ever let you walk away with Barnes when you did." Tony tightened the blanket around his shoulders when the memory of Siberia threatened to resurface.
Tony suddenly felt so vulnerable, worse than he's ever felt stripped of his armor. Here was Jack drinking his favourite drink, completely oblivious to the fact that he may have been in danger had he not decided to come to their room.
Tony soon lost himself to Steve's lips and soft touch. Steve kissed him and kissed him and kissed him again and he'd never tire of kissing him. All very delicate and soft kisses to even more delicate and softer lips.
Steve's smile widened and as if on cue, little drops of rain began battering the jet's windshield. "I think you're right."
"That explains a lot. Last thing I remember was seeing bright lights and falling. Thank you by the way for the dim lights. I’m sure someone yelled my name though." Steve retold. Truth is, while Tony went to put Jackie to bed, Steve remembered a lot of things that happened on his mission. He’s very sure it was Tony who yelled his name.
Steve followed him and they were soon riding side by side. He sensed the tension taking over Clint’s form.
Now Jackie was alone and Tony wanted Steve to find him. But Tony was alone too and Steve couldn't not do anything to help him. Tony had said it: he'll be there for him. But where would he even begin? He was alone, the rest of the team was in Wakanda and didn't even know where he was. Where would he look? Tony was on an alien space ship; he could've gone to an alien planet or was lost in space, nobody knew. And there was the threat of Thanos looming over the horizon still.
He moved to the bed and sat cross legged, Jack sitting between his legs. DUM-E brought over the tray of requested drinks and Tony took it, ordering DUM-E to grab another blanket.
“What am I missing Bucky? I was in the middle of..” Tony leaves his sentence unfinished as he takes in what’s transpiring in front of him. “Oh this is good.” He amuses, making his way around Clint and Steve to throw himself into Bucky’s lap. He shuffles around to get comfy to watch his husband and boyfriend and steals Bucky’s chips.
Clint sits on the couch of the main living room of the tower, watching TV. He’s not paying attention to the animal show currently on. His mind is further elsewhere. Since Bucky dragged him down, Clint planted himself, cross legged on his favourite couch and has been thinking about exactly just what to say to the Captain. He runs over multiple possibilities of what he can but none are sounding right to him. Bucky makes his way over to him with a bag of chips and a bottle of coke and crashes down next to Clint, immediately reaching for the remote and flipping through the channels.
Uh oh. That means Tony must’ve seen when Clint... It's not like Steve was going to hide that but he didn’t want Tony to have witnessed it.
He made it to the hotel before FRIDAY’s ETA for the car and it felt good. He disassembled the suit and was back in his carefully chosen outfit for the evening as he stepped into the lobby. A host approached him and handed him a card. Tony thanked him and examined it. He laughed. Steve had drawn them sitting at their undoubtedly reserved table along with a map of how to get there.
Steve pulled himself forward until his face was next to Tony's. He opened his mouth to say something and gasped quietly.
He didn’t have the luxury of time to think about it philosophically now, not when Steve was likely already ready, so he pushed the thought away and proceeded to wash up.
Steve did let Tony style and gel his hair, mostly because it calmed the both of them as well as Steve enjoying Tony running his fingers through his hair.
He blinked. That's how Steve must feel. Tony always leaves him for the workshop after they spend a couple of hours together.
"Guess it was just a nightmare." Steve kept his answer brief because he didn’t feel comfortable discussing his PTSD with anyone besides Tony.
He made mistakes, God knows, he made so many mistakes, but none have or could even possibly have hurt him the way opposing Steve had.
Clint had a different job. He was in charge of getting the kids to safety which they mostly did on their own. His other jobs included covering Cap from any snipers and setting the drug lord's hideout smoking sky high.
Once he’d found it, he switched the rough fabric of the sheet around his shoulders for the soft caress of the red silk robe and secured it around his waist. All that remained now, was finding his missing bed partner.
Clint stared down at their hands. He couldn’t believe it. Surely it was nothing more than a platonic gesture for Steve but it was everything to him.
Tony’s wearing Steve’s favourite sweater and it’s too big on him. “Raided the Captain’s closet again, Tony?” Clint asks when Steve and Tony are close enough to hear him. “I’m cold. Besides, it smells like Steve. Of course I’m gonna steal it.” Tony brags, letting go of Steve’s hand and jumping onto Bucky as soon as they are under the roofed section where the rifles sit. “Hey.” Bucky greets quietly, both hands steadying Tony who’s wrapped himself around his body. “Hi.” Tony smiles and brushes his nose against Bucky’s.
Tony found it easy to smile in return now that the pile of bricks sitting on his chest has been lifted by his wonderful husband.
No less confused, Tony took Steve’s offered arm and followed him out of the restaurant and back into the hotel lobby. “What are we doing here?”
The room had ceiling to floor windows looking out at New York City. Tony stood in front of one and looked out at the night sky alive with the lights shining from the many buildings, the brightest of which coming from Avengers Tower.
He looked over his shoulder at the adoption agency and his theory was met with further proof. He took a deep breath in and squared his shoulders. If he's right, they have work to do, and it won't be easy. At least he'll have him by his side, if he forgives him.
Steve looked up at him and his eyes were a mixture of rage and sadness. He opened his mouth to ask when Clint spoke.
Steve attached the shield to his back and got on his feet as well, taking in the damage. He could hear Clint talking with the nearby SHIELD helicarrier about the state of the children, the druglord and his henchmen as well as clean up but he paid no attention to that. One thought was on his mind. Tony.
"It's Papa's way of showing you that he likes what you said." Steve clarified, Jack quickly nodding his understanding like the smart boy he is.
A tear splashing onto Tony's arm returned him to reality. He went to wipe it away and realized that he was comforting himself the way Steve so often comforted him, tracing the barely visible lines of his veins.
It wouldn't have ever crossed his mind that the changes Cap experienced were because he was so tied to Stark that not seeing him for weeks continuously was like cutting that thread and leaving Steve hovering in the middle of nowhere with no one to go back to. A broken being drifting off into the unknown. Almost like not having a home. And didn’t Cap already suffer enough because of everything that he faced waking up into this century? Apparently and according to the universe, no. They wanted to torture Steve a little more. Maybe tempt his faith, test his mettle.
He heard Tony tell JARVIS to connect Jackie's room's security footage to his phone as he put on his tux. It really was a work of art chosen by the most talented mechanical artist he's ever known.
He couldn’t complain though; in the last few months, he’d seen more of the world than he ever did in his travels. At least, he got to see the real world and not the rich guy version of it. He’d checked into cheap motels instead of grand hotels, ate street vendor food instead of dining at five star restaurants, and slept in beds that he would’ve tossed away years ago if they belonged to him.
"Then you called him like your life depended on it and you were laughing. I don't understand your relationship. I can't understand it."
He loves Tony. He loves him with every fibre of his being, super soldier or not. The ring matching Tony’s on his own left hand serving as proof. He’s always loved Bucky as well. And Tony agreed to marry him despite him being in a relationship with his best friend. The both of them were really good at that, understanding that Steve was in love with the both of them equally. But what he’s done now might’ve ruined everything.
Tony looked at him briefly while he considered the idea. "Jackie? What happened before you came to Adad and my room?"
"That's very impressive. Tell him I'm proud of him. And that I would’ve talked to him were he not napping. Just like I promised."
His hand drifted from atop his knee and splayed on the Wakandan dirt next to him; the very same dirt that was now mixed with the remains of his friend, his brother, Bucky.
He couldn’t even do anything about it because he couldn't stop Stark from working. Cap wouldn't even want him to interfere and he respected that, truly. The hardest thing was, Steve didn’t deserve to be in so much pain.
Tony moans quietly and arches his hips up into Steve’s. Steve pulls away from his lips to ghost over his neck. Tony holds onto Steve’s hands tightly and Steve returns the favour with a little too much vigour. Tony welcomes the pain, distracting him from the purple bruises painting his wrists. He wants Steve now that he’s himself, with only his dark haired and brown eyed self on his mind. He touches his hips to Steve’s again and Steve moves, stalking his way lower down Tony’s body. Tony’s eyes flutter shut, focusing his other senses. The window and it’s never drying streaks of rain in the red darkness still watch them.
"I'll need to talk him right?" Steve never wanted to hurt Clint. And it makes much more sense now why he was asking about Steve and Tony’s relationship. Steve owed him a conversation where they figure this out.
"Actually sir," came JARVIS's voice into the bathroom. "The Captain is just outside your workshop sir."
It’s late afternoon and the sun hasn’t been up all day. Clouds have been moving in quickly and threatening to let go of their cargo. Clint shivers and watches his breath rise up. It’s colder than usual for this time of year and being out in the shooting range isn’t helping. Bucky’s arms wrap around Clint’s shoulders, covering him with the warmth of his jacket. “Thanks.” Clint turns around and shrugs into the warmth. “Any time. Are you ready for me to prove that I’m a better marksman?”
He lays back on the bed and Steve follows him, climbing over him and kissing him more passionately than ever. “I love you.” He mutters against Tony’s lips, fingers threading through his on either side of his head.  Tony laughs and it sounds stunning. “I know. I know you’ll always love me.” He steals a kiss from Steve’s lips. “I have multiple bruises to prove it.” Tony smirks, digging his nails in the back of Steve’s hands. Steve smiles and kisses him slowly, savouring the taste of his lips, his metal chain dangling over Tony’s arc reactor.
“Take your time, babe.” Tony called back as he walked further inside the room, taking its components into account.
He somehow knew Bucky wouldn’t get upset and he didn’t. Maybe it is that Bucky is too sure that he’ll always have Steve. He’s had him the longest. In fact, Bucky actually kissed him for it, congratulating him on finally making a move. That makes up Steve’s mind and he decides that yesterday was a long time ago and today and right now, he’s with the world’s most desirable man who’s naked in bed with his chin on his shoulder. Pain and hurt and upset be damned.
He kept his eyes on him and Steve wasn't moving. Then as if he read Tony's mind, Steve was hovering above his torso, his weight braced on arms at each of Tony’s sides.
Steve kissed him further up and further still, Tony holding onto Steve's hands beside his shoulders tight enough to hurt but they both needed it. The reassurance that neither of them won’t be getting up and walking away anytime soon.
A shiver ran down Tony’s spine as Steve purposely nudged his nose against the shell of his ear. He hoped they could actually get through dinner before they had to excuse themselves and get a room. Good thing the restaurant was in a hotel.
Bucky reclaims his bottle with exasperation. “He always comes down here.” Clint grumbles low in his throat, rising too quickly from his seat and crashing chest first into Steve. Bucky laughs, the scene playing out in front of him more exciting than his movie. Steve’s arms steady Clint at his hips as he stumbles backwards at the impact with Steve’s brick like chest. When he focuses on what just happened, Clint feels Steve’s hands too tight on his hips. He looks up into the Captain’s sea blue eyes. “Sorry.” He breathes, moving his hands down to pull Steve’s away.
Clint only nodded because the dynamics of their relationship were way more complicated than he expected. That had to be a reason for why it was nearly impossible to get between them. They're already experiencing the worst. No way they'll let someone bring them more misery.
"Thank you Clint. For convincing Jack to come inside earlier today." Steve nodded sincerely, truly grateful to Clint.
His mind drifted off to the last person who took the time to cover him with a blanket as he wrapped the thin article around himself.
"You're very smart Jackie." He brought Jack's hand and Steve's up to his lips, kissing Jack's tiny fingers one by one, then kissing Steve's wedding ring, barely visible through his fingerless gloves.
They kissed leisurely, taking delight in each other’s presence, unaware of the slow raindrops beginning to fall from the overcast sky.
They were shaken to their very foundation, and he couldn't even find it within him to feel ashamed for crumbling in front of them. Hadn't he suffered enough?
Clint sighs and leans back into Bucky’s strong chest. Bucky uses the opportunity to kiss Clint’s neck, to distract him even if just for a few minutes. “Bucky.” Clint mumbles, angling his neck to the warm lips. “Please.” Bucky repeatedly kisses the same spot on the long neck, knowing what it does to the archer. “Please what?” He murmurs in Clint’s neck. Clint brings his hand to hold Bucky’s metal one on his hip. “Don’t do this.” He manages through biting his lower lip that held his moans in check.
Using the extra help from Tony, Steve twisted up again and Tony tensed up, eyes shut and lips parted on a silent gasp as he reached his completion.
As he waits, he loses himself to the song that JARVIS has playing in the room, dancing and singing along to the music. All the songs are from his playlist and he knows without a doubt that Tony must’ve told his A.I. to play them at some point before he went to bed. That is if he did. He picks out the tea for the morning and soaks the bag in the boiling water, adding sugar, then he pours Bucky a mug of bitter black coffee, leaving both on the kitchen counter.
"I read that in your report handsome. I want to know the stuff that didn't make it on paper." Tony pressed, a hint of a smirk in his voice.
He set about sketching Jackie hugging his Cap bear on Tony's chest the way Tony described to him. He hadn't gotten far when Clint came over and sat on an upturned tree's trunk opposite him.
Laying and hugging himself close under the blanket like he was, he couldn't help but remember the comfort of Steve's arms around him and the welcome warmth his body provides as he curls up behind him, protecting him with his body just as much as he often protected him with his shield.
They lost track of time as they paid attention to each other so deliberately unhurried, Tony’s earlier eagerness tamed by the notion that they have all the remaining time of the night when suddenly Steve’s attention was drawn away from Tony by a quickly moving light. He looked up and saw a passing car.
Tony moved quickly not waiting for Jack to answer, getting one of Jack's many spare blankets in their room and wrapping him up tightly. He was also firing commands at JARVIS to check his temperature and vitals and to have DUM-E prepare him some warm milk and hot chocolate because that was Jackie's favourite.
Steve growls, pushing Tony’s hands away and sitting up at the side of the bed. “Steve..” Tony breathes, shocked and scared. “It’s okay? That’s all you can say, that it’s okay?!” Steve yells, getting up and facing Tony who’s still sitting between the sheets on the bed. “I just fucked you while I was thinking about him and you tell me that it’s okay?!” Steve shakes with anger, his face and neck red. Tony stares at him, eyes wide and lips parted, unable to find words. “Well it’s not okay!” Steve continues,  climbing onto the bed and grabbing Tony’s wrists too hard. “It’s not okay! It’ll never be okay!” Steve yells louder, shaking harder, his eyes welling with tears. “I’m disgusting.” His voice cracks and his silent tears spill. “I disgust myself and I don’t deserve you.” He finishes, dropping Tony’s wrists and burying his face in his hands, crying silently.
20 minutes after he’d walked into his closet, there were more clothes outside it than inside it, but he’d finally decided on his outfit. As he walked away from where he laid it neatly on the bed, towards the bathroom, he felt a nervousness he didn’t understand. It was only dinner with Steve, something they’d had a million times over; he had no reason to be nervous.
Steve didn't ask though, just turned his head to look out his side window again, finger tracing the path of a raindrop.
Steve knows he should do something about Tony's habits but when has Tony ever actually listened to him when he suggested something.
"When he works for days on end without so much as letting me see him or hear his voice talking to me... I feel like every atom of my body is itching for him, missing him on a level that I can't even comprehend."
Clint stands under the New York Gray sky, cold to his bones and the rain soaking him even beyond. He sighs to the wind and shoves his hands deeper into his pockets. He regrets his decision or lack of decision rather, but it’s too late. Hours pass by as the rain continues to pour but Clint doesn’t have it in mind to go inside. He’s replaying the events that occurred earlier in the afternoon over and over again behind his eyes, coming to the same conclusion every time. He should’ve acted.
Tony felt a kiss on the back of his hand as Steve brought his hand up to his lips. “My internal clock says it’s time to wake up. All the different time zones we visited are messing with it.”
Steve nodded on autopilot, his mind elsewhere already as he looked out the window as the tower slowly faded from view.
"I feel it too." Tony whispered, his lips brushing against Steve’s. "I know now how you feel when I lock myself away from you."
He realized when he went to fetch something to wear that Tony hadn't cleared out his room and a smile painted its way onto his lips. The man's generosity was bigger than life. He caught his reflection as he dressed and it drew his attention. The length of his hair and his facial hair were an attempt at a cover when he was on the run. He wasn't on the run anymore. He nodded at the fatigued figure that stared back at him.
Tony tilted his head back, biting onto his lower lip, his left hand coming up to tangle in the hair at Steve's nape.
Steve desperately wants to follow him but can’t, not unless Tony wants that. He waits where he’s standing, shivering once in the cold against his naked body. Tony notices and holds out his hand, the print of Steve’s fingers on his wrist very vibrant. Steve’s heart breaks in his chest, knowing he’s the one who did that to Tony, as he steps forward and takes Tony’s hand, holding onto it very lightly. “Sit down.” Tony whispers, Steve does, not letting go of Tony’s hand. “You must really love me to be this violent.” Tony mumbles, eyes on Steve’s fingers as they run up and down his wrist softly, minding the bruise. Steve simply nods, acknowledging that he only hurt Tony because of how much he hates himself for kissing Clint. Tony licks his lips. “You’ve never hurt me..” Tony’s voice is choked with unspilled tears. “Ever.” He looks up Steve who avoids his eyes. “Why?” He asks, tears falling down his cheeks.
Tony kissed the top of his head and lingered there, savoring the feeling of the warmth coursing through his son. "It's okay.  I just get scared about you, mini me." He kissed his head again. "Why did you go out on the balcony Jackie?"
He gave up on explaining the plan quickly. It's not like Cap was one to do something foolish and put them in danger. He could just tell him what's to be done right before they had to do it.
Steve nodded, sitting up in his seat. At the change in angle as his cheek left the back of the chair, he became aware of the wetness on his cheeks.
Tony got closer and brushed his thumbs under Steve's eyes and over his cheekbones until he smiled. "I promised to make it up to him. You can help. But now you're going to put on the handsome new tux I had tailored for you and we're going out to dinner."
Clint’s eyes follow his. “Thanks. I guess..” He grimaces. Steve catches his frown out of the corner of his eye and faces him. “The self esteem,  huh?” He says knowingly to which Clint nods and returns to watching his older boyfriends. Steve looks out across the range as it starts to rain more and a flicker of lightning hits over on the other end of the range. Clint is faraway in thought. “Do you ever think about it?” He asks, reclaiming the soldier’s attention. “Us having them and them having us?”
Steve pulled Tony’s arms tighter around him to give him more of his body heat. “I didn’t want to disturb your beauty sleep.”
Steve kissed Tony's belly over his black tank. Tony shivered. Steve moved a smidge up and kissed just above his husband's belly button, holding in the monsoon of emotions that threatened to expose itself and ruin the moment if Steve were to cry.
"I love you." He returned honestly and picked up his bag, slinging it over his shoulder and walking out.
Steve woke up in his bed, surrounded by the scent of home and unsurprisingly, many teddy bears. He was probably crushing a few of them with his bulk.
He finally got a break from assistants calling for his attention and sat down behind his desk. He groaned. The state of his desk did nothing to take away from the overwhelming feeling that he was behind on work.
Bucky asks JARVIS to tell Tony to hurry because he’s missing too much. Steve’s blush deepens at the thought of his husband seeing this and Clint’s just about as red as a tomato. Steve turns Clint’s hands in his and to his relieved surprise, the archer doesn’t jerk his hands away. He wraps his fingers around Steve’s loosely and reluctantly, allowing himself to even take a tiny step towards him. Steve smiles small, rubbing his thumb over the inside of Clint’s wrist. He hears Tony enter the living room behind him and he looks back.
So they spent the bike ride listening to engine roars and heavy rain battering the thick trees around them.
Steve didn’t touch him beyond brushing his thumb over his pulse the whole elevator ride. Tony didn't mind, he was uncharacteristically cataloging everything Steve did. That included the way Steve didn’t sweep him off his feet the second they were out of the elevator the way he always did to carry him to bed.
"And when I do see him afterwards, I don't even want anything more than to know that he's right there with me." Steve blinked and a tear fell down his cheek. "That's what you described as me being myself and everything being fine. Because then I would’ve had my heart and mind return to me. Everything is easier knowing he's next to me. I can be me. I’m no longer just a ghost of Steve."
Steve didn’t push it. If Clint didn’t want to talk, he could certainly understand that. Maybe he'll share when he felt comfortable enough.
"We should be in B.C. long before sunset and the bikes are so we won't alert them with the jet and have them do something to compromise the mission." Clint went on but he guessed Cap wasn't listening with the way his eyes stayed locked on the fading tower.
Steve was confused. Clint obviously meant Tony but what did he mean he doesn't understand their relationship?
Protected from the soon coming rain under the roof of the platform, Bucky very smugly sets up his sniper rifle and takes aim. “You’re better in your dreams, Barnes!” Clint takes aim as well and fires his gun,  hitting the target in the very centre. He turns sideways to smirk at his boyfriend who sticks his tongue out and fires away. “Ha! You missed!” Clint exclaims, readying his rifle for a second shot. “What are you talking about?! That’s a bullseye!” Bucky complains, refusing to lose to the archer.
When he finishes and gets dressed in Bucky’s favourite long sleeves shirt and a pair of purple sweats, he goes over to the little kitchen area in his and Bucky’s room to get started on breakfast. He never prepares anything fancy. When he spends the night with Bucky, he knows that by the time he wakes up, whatever he made will be too unappealing to eat. And when he spends the night with Tony, coffee will suffice. So he gets coffee started for Bucky and water boiling for his tea.
"JARVIS, have DUM-E bring Jack another hot chocolate. Oh and his favourite carrot muffins." Tony instructed. Always the one to spoil the ones he loves.
"Why baby? You know we don't go out without a jacket. And you know not to go without either Adad or Papa, and definitely not at night." Tony worried. He just couldn't ever bear the thought of something happening to his Jackie.
Bucky breaks into laughter once more as he catches their reddened cheeks. He has to pull back his coke bottle from his lips too quickly as he tries not to spill what’s in his mouth. Steve and Bucky glare at him as he swallows his drink and laughs louder. Clint begins to feel his skin sweat around the Captain’s hands but he can’t seem to will his hands away. His heart beats fast in his chest as he dares a look into Steve’s eyes.
His desk was piled high with paperwork; documents he needed to sign, drafts he needed to approve, and last minute changes to his schedule. He didn’t have a spot to set down his coffee mug. And if he were being honest, he had the urge to sweep his desk clear and let all the pesky paperwork take a tumble to the floor.
Steve knew that tone anywhere. It was Tony opening up a sensitive subject then deciding better of it. He could play along. After all, discussing why they couldn't sleep was a discussion that they couldn’t have over the phone.
Tony's been locked up in the workshop for days with nothing but coffee and the various meals Steve sneaks onto his desk when he's too busy tinkering with something.
“You told me about Tony right away.." Clint climbs into the bed. "So did you.” Bucky picks up the wet clothes and tosses them into the laundry basket. “And just like you didn’t mind Tony after you knew about my relationship with Steve, I don’t mind that he kissed you.” He joins Clint in bed, pulling the thickest blanket around them and leaning close. “We kinda saw it coming. You being with me and Tony and Steve being with me and him. You two were the only two left to finish the square.”
Steve smiled warmly and untangled his fingers from Tony, brushing the back of his hand against his cheek.
Steve is panting heavily as he crumbles next to Tony. Something about the way he sounds worries him and he turns over to press his chest into Steve’s side. Steve glances over at Tony and grabs his hand, bringing it up to his lips and kissing it very softly. The gentleness of the action almost shatters Tony’s heart and he flicks his wrist to cup Steve’s face. He shuts his eyes and leans into Tony’s hand but the way he looks is far from peaceful. He looks pained and Tony absolutely hates it. He brushes his thumb over Steve’s cheek and to his surprise, Steve winces.
"You are a great dad. Jackie loves you." Steve insisted, reaching over to fluff Jack's honey brown hair.
Tony doesn’t move. He keeps standing where he is, wrapped up in Steve. “Tony..” The Captain whispers on a broken sob. A tear escapes and streaks Tony’s cheek. Steve’s arms tighten around him, pushing him back against his body, chain fitting between them and making Tony shudder at its coolness on his back. Tony touches Steve’s hands on his stomach, his touch barely a brush of fingertips but Steve stops right away. He raises his head and looks at Tony who whispers, “Let me go.” in a broken voice. Steve looks pained but drops his arms and backs away, giving Tony his space. The genius walks slowly back to the bed and takes a seat on the edge.
He didn’t answer immediately, instead he captured Tony’s lips in a soft kiss. Tony smiled, going up on his tiptoes out of habit. He refused to be distracted and made the kiss short. “Steve!” He whined. “I saw the clothes. We’re escaping from the compound, aren’t we?”
Steve’s arms wrapped around Tony, hugging him closer, breathing in the fading scent of his cologne. “By taking mine.”
"I'm so sorry Steve. I wish you the best of luck. And I love you so much, so much more than I'll ever be able to tell you. But it's time. When I drift off, I will dream about you. It's always you."
Tony slips his tongue between Steve’s lips, claiming him his. They move in sync, with Steve shifting his hands down and under Tony’s shirt and Tony exposing Steve’s back as he still had his lips. “Faster baby.” Tony parts with Steve’s pink lips, licking his own and trying to free his legs to wrap around Steve’s waist. Steve keeps his words to himself like he’s been doing for a while but helps Tony out of his shirt, removing his quickly after and freeing Tony’s legs that come up around his hips right away. Tony barely tilts his head up before he meets Steve’s lips again,  soft and warm and tasting like home. As their kisses grow in need for each other and Tony’s hands wander to the glinting zipper of the soldier’s pants in the darkness, the rain streaked window becomes the only witness to what transpires after Tony slides Steve’s zipper down.
Tony’s heart lurched at being asked despite what he's been doing to Steve and he quickly reminded himself of his promise. "Whatever it is that you want to do. I'm with you."
Steve’s face shifts a couple of times before he speaks. “Tony..” He says again. “I’m right here baby.” Tony nuzzles into Steve’s neck, feeling the cool metal of his chain. “I’m listening, sweetheart.” Steve shifts so he’s lying on his side, facing Tony but still granting him access to his neck. “I did something wrong.’ Steve confesses. “I love you Tony, I do.” He shuts his eyes, biting down on his back teeth. “I kissed him and now I can’t shake him out of my head.” Tony cups Steve’s face in both hands and presses his forehead to his. “You told me baby. I’m not mad. It’s okay.” He smiles genuinely, brushing his fingers under Steve’s eyes so he’d open them. “I love you and I know that you love me. It’s okay.”
"I don’t ever need you apologizing to me. I never blamed you. I just hoped that you'd give me the same attention you give your creations." Steve admitted, his tears spilling.
Steve stopped caring about what happens to him ever since he jumped out of the tower’s balcony when he couldn’t stop having nightmares about Bucky’s fall. He landed mostly unhurt as he slowed down his fall but it’s the thought that Steve was willing to leave him forever that frightens Tony. So it wasn’t far fetched to him that his husband would do more than just hurt if he lost him.
Tony gasped loudly at the touch and Steve kissed him. Tony met his eyes then. "Steve.." He whispered.
Tony leaned back in his chair and swiveled it around. He was tired. There was no better adjective to describe his current state. Granted, it has been a while since he’s had a full day at the office. He’ll probably get reaccustomed to the hectically organised system soon enough.
Just, please Steve, make sure he gets to live a good life. With you. You'll be an incredible father; it's just who you are. My single greatest regret is that I won't get to see how good you will be to him. You know how I fell in love with him the second I laid my eyes on him."
"That's it Cap." Clint grinned his way. "You'll be back to your family in no time if you spend the time having fun."
"It's important to me because you're my friend." Clint decided to go with honesty. "Because I've noticed this for a while and didn't make sense of it until I saw you practically break."
Steve didn’t comment though he couldn't have possibly missed the loud clang. He went about finding cover from the rain under the dense branches of an ancient tree. He pulled his sketchbook and pencil out and sat on his bag after making sure his phone was tucked away safely in his utility belt.
Steve leaned back against him. "Are nothing compared to what you do to me." Steve finished his sentence.
A sudden spark of pure joy flooded Steve's chest. Maybe he can give Tony this one thing that he desired more than any other. Hastily wiping at his cheeks, Steve willed himself off the floor, helmet in the crook of his elbow. He stepped forward towards the shelf and gave the helmet a kiss on the forehead before he returned it to its place.
Tony’s eyes lingered on the words Steve used to sign his letter. Yours. He only wished he was a fraction as elaborate as him to convey how much he reciprocated the sentiment. Folding the letter neatly back into its envelope, he took a large gulp of his once-again cold coffee and proceeded to grab for the first document he saw, newly invigorated to get his work done.
He spent a long time with Jackie. He'd nodded off in the chair he was sitting in and was woken by him trying to grab for his nose. He smiled and kissed his little hand. He kissed his forehead as well and stood up to return him to his crib. Jackie whined, protesting the loss of contact and making Steve wish he could take him home right away. "I'll be back." He promised as he turned around to leave.
"Tony." He heard Steve call as he bustled around the room, pulling up screens with Jack's temperature and blood pressure one handedly as he refused to let him go.
Steve met Tony's brilliant honey eyes and saw the smirk in them. He knew he had no way out. "About you. And me. About us." Steve winced, bracing himself. "He kissed me."
He swallows the nagging fear in his heart and takes the last step towards Clint. “That I could fall in love with you as quickly as I have.” Clint’s jaw drops and his eyes widen still, tears forming at the corners of them. “You love me?” He asks childishly, spilling a tear at his disbelief. “I love you.” Steve admits, pulling his hands closer to him. Clint gasps and begins to cry, the rush of emotions he so rarely had confessed to him, sending him over the edge. He pulls his hands away from Steve’s to cover his face. Steve parts his lips, but all words are useless. He takes Clint’s wrists and drops them to his sides. “I love you but I don’t expect you to feel the same.” Steve reassures him, smile sad as his tears are threatening to copy Clint’s. He lifts a thumb and wipes away at Clint’s cheek. “I feel the same way.” Clint mumbles watching the Captain’s tears spill. Steve shakes his head, smiling.
"You know maybe it's the rain. Or better yet, my awesomeness totally overrid the gyro and tilted the jet to my side." He joked, jabbing his elbow in Steve's direction.
He held him close to his chest, breathing in his scent, and placed a tender kiss to his forehead. He was sobbing so much that he wasn't capable of forming words anymore. But once again, the social worker seemed to understand him as she touched his forearm sympathetically and left him with the baby boy.
He didn't keep Tony waiting long and returned to the circle of his legs, lacing the fingers of his left hand with Tony's right and using his right to slowly caress down Tony’s chest.
Everything was exactly as it had been in Tony’s dreams. He and Steve finally had the peace they so longed for, a quiet that was comfortable. While Tony had teased Steve about his intentions of bringing them to the hotel, Tony would have never guessed that this is how his day was going to end. His head rested on Steve’s shoulder and his ring-adorned hand was held in Steve’s.
Clint’s hurt. That stung his heart right where it ached the most. Steve wasn't letting Clint in and he had every right to. But Clint needed to know. Even if he never got a chance with Steve, he couldn't just stand and watch as his friend remained unhappy. He would do everything he could to make it right.
He looked sad. Captain America, the just and righteous and mighty and powerful, the peak of human perfection actually looked sad.
Clint got on his bike as well. Being out of the shade of the ancient tree, the rain soaked him back in seconds.
Tony began making his way around the small apartment in search of Steve. He was nowhere to be found in the washroom or the kitchen and not in the living room, although the strong and most welcome smell of coffee carried on the night breeze was giving a clue to Steve’s whereabouts. He turned on his heel and headed in the direction the smell was coming from and ended up walking in the direction of the balcony.
Steve's heart clenched. He too can't sleep well without Tony next to him. It's absolutely painful when he spends days locked away from him in the workshop.
Tony pulled back from Steve's embrace and gestured at himself with both hands. "We're going out to celebrate me wanting and working on being a better husband and father." Tony explained cheerfully before pressing a kiss to his husband's lips and getting up to the closet.
Steve pressed a quick kiss to his lips, one that was over before Tony had the chance to react. “By the end of the night.”
Steve takes in a sharp breath at Tony’s touch but still says nothing. “Steve, you’ve been so quiet.” Tony starts. “You didn’t say anything to me at all while we had sex.” He pauses as the memory of Steve inside him but not being his, being completely distracted, comes to his mind. He frowns. “Not even my name.” He buries his face in Steve’s shoulder, resting his hand just above his belly button. Steve turns to face him. “Tony..” He whispers the name, making Tony look up from his shoulder. “Talk to me, honey. What’s bothering you. What’s clouding your mind.” He asks, very concerned.
Steve suddenly got a burst of awareness, the serum sensing danger. Of course Steve didn’t think Clint was any danger to him but that didn’t stop his body from producing adrenaline. He furrowed his eyebrows. "Clint?"
Steve suddenly lifted his lips from Tony's and was moving away, causing Tony to worry a little. He didn’t want him going anywhere. Steve paused as he sat up and removed his shirt before hovering over his lover again. Steve's hand traveled down Tony's torso to slow down and rest just above his belt. His lips slotted themselves behind Tony's ear.
Steve withdrew his lips and took Tony's face in both hands before leaning his forehead against Tony’s.
He heard Steve say and as he thought about what he meant, Steve turned around, looking out the windshield.
Steve was back where he was and kissed up a trail of smooth warm skin up to Tony's heart. He laid his hand over the blue light and Tony's eyes slipped shut, the both of them listening to the arc reactor's soft hum.
"Yeah. We'll be moving soon." Steve paused, waiting for Tony's answer. "It is still raining. Probably worse here than where you are." Steve said then laughed.
When they both needed air, Tony took the opportunity to ask another burning question. “What made you want to do this?”
The final touch to his appearance was a spray of a cologne that he reserved for special occasions. And nothing was more special than a surprise date with the love of his life. It was also one he so very rarely used that Steve likely wasn’t used to its scent and he looked forward to seeing how he would react.
Steve was adamant to remain coy. “About?” He asked, tucking his head against the base of Tony’s shoulder where his cologne smelled the strongest.
Steve sipped from the mug, not wanting to ask why Clint thought he didn't look all right. If looks are anything to go by, then Steve was a thousand times better than he felt.
Steve was shaking. He didn't know what to do. Should he tell the team about Tony and go looking for him? Should he check on Jackie? Should he do what Tony said and take Thanos down a notch before all else? He didn't know. Right now he needed Tony more than he ever did. He couldn't make the tough choices all on his own. He wasn't strong enough, and that was hardly a weakness. He's stronger with Tony by his side.
Steve ordered the cheque as Tony finished the last of his creme brulee. He licked his lips. “When are you going to tell me the occasion of this surprise date? It’s the end of the night already.”
"It’s present in your everything. The way you talk to me when you finally see me. The way you hardly want anything more than to hold my hand or kiss my forehead." Tony paused, Jack pulling at his sleeve.
When he came back to Tony, he eased him up the bed. Tony lied back immediately, his body loving the comfort of his mattress over the seat he slept in, in the workshop but he’s not going to bed now.
Tony squeezed his eyes shut, swallowing the tide of emotions. Steve just proved just how big of a jerk Tony was to him. Steve who deserved all the best and was stuck with the worst husband ever. One who went days without so much as letting the love of his life hear his voice or even see him. The same husband who didn't bother asking JARVIS how Steve was doing the way he kept up with Jackie.
"I want bed now. You say Jackie can't go with." Jack pouted, picking up as many of his teddy bears as his little arms could carry.
Steve sketches in pencil so he can’t fill in the vibrant colours of his sketch but behind his desk Tony is noting the extravagant display of nature. He points his camera lens at the wide window above Steve’s head and clicks to take the picture. He doesn’t stop there. He tries for a more romantic one that captures Steve’s back against the bright and yet monochromatic sky. Tony then zeros in on his sketch, noting it eternally in his camera. Steve settles his pencil down upon his sketchbook after signing the page with S.G.R. in his cursive handwriting.
Tony nodded and tried to steer the conversation away, hoping it would distract him from Steve brushing his thumb over his pulse point and his wedding band in an alternating manner.
He couldn’t make the split second decision to either kiss him back or gently push him away fast enough before Clint's lips left his and Clint was walking out of jet.
Dispirited by the disruption, Tony followed Steve’s line of sight. “Oh.” He shifted his hands lower to cup Steve’s neck. “Do you think he saw us?”
His scent, the smirk he only directed Steve's way, the way he got what he wanted every time. His arms around him, the look over his shoulder with narrowed eyes that spoke volumes, the way he waited for Steve, the way he blushed when he was sincere.
"Cause obviously this mission is just like drinking water. In and out, no muss no fuss. You are Captain America after all. The whole mission is basically just a waiting game. It's boring actually, waiting for the sickos to come out and direct the kids where to go with the drugs." Clint went on comfortably. Once he started talking to Cap, it was easy to talk about anything. It's one of the reasons Clint liked him so much, the fact that it was so easy to trust him and feel at home with him.
Tony couldn't do it anymore. Steve's hand in his, their eyes locked together, Steve smelling and sounding so damn good to Tony who hasn't been with him in like ever, and Steve getting this close, well that was the final straw.
Steve’s strokes continued for a while until Tony’s come down enough to take control and switch their hold so his hand made contact with Steve's member.
. "I don't know who's left but you can lead them. You can make this right. I know I'm asking too much of you, I always do. But if anyone, anywhere, can right our wrongs, it's you. You are more than capable and you are just the man that can kick that purple titan down a notch or two." Tony couldn't help but smile, the image of a victorious Steve was too beautiful.
"You're tired baby, why are you still up?" Yeah good one genius. You're the one who hasn't slept properly in who knows how long. He took another step towards Steve and now they were only inches apart, Tony smelling Steve's signature vintage aftershave. He cupped his cheek with his right hand until Steve met his eyes.
Steve was confused. Clint told Tony. Did that mean that he was moving on? Steve distinctly remembered coming to the conclusion that Clint likes him right before he went out of the jet and fell. But he also said that he may love him. Ow. This hurt his head.
That's how he always gets what he wants. Steve had a weakness and Tony was an expert at exploiting it.
Steve shook his head. That will not happen. Tony will make it out of his predicament and he'll be the one to show Thanos that he picked on the wrong guy. But Tony was clear about Jackie. It was obvious to Steve that he missed him, that Tony wanted nothing more than to be holding the baby boy in his arms and rocking him to a sound sleep.
Clint would only come off as the bad guy trying to ruin their marriage by having feelings for Steve.
It was like this every time Tony decided that his work and his inventions were more important than his Steve. But by far, this time’s been so very different, much more straining on the both of them.
“Come inside with me.” Bucky’s voice breaks through the rushing of the water, hand still on Clint’s shoulder. “I’d rather not.” Clint says quietly, hands balling to fists in his pockets. “Can’t stay out here forever. You’re gonna get cold eventually.” Bucky hypothesizes, letting go of Clint’s shoulder to brush the night - black wet hair from his face. “I won’t.” He sneezes in reply, betraying his words. “Sure you won’t. Come on. He’s locked himself up as well. You won’t see him.” Bucky literally shoves Clint back through the glass doors under the expensive shielding roof of Tony’s empty living room.
He made him forget how to breathe whenever he looked at him with those Egyptian Blue eyes and he felt like he was swimming.
Steve’s been in the bathroom for some time. Tony wasn’t worried, but it was unlike him. He knocked on the door. “Steve? You’ve been in there more than a minute.”
Okay, that's mean. Steve wouldn't actually ever discuss that on the phone and definitely not when someone was in earshot. Clint was just a little bitter with Stark for stealing Steve from him. Even when Stark’s not here, he's still here.
Thanos said that he wasn't the only one cursed with knowledge, maybe that wasn't so true. Tony didn't know what was going to happen when he suggested that they take the fight to Thanos. He didn't know if they could win but he hoped they would, hoped they would be able to stop him before he could retrieve the rest of the Infinity Stones.
"Huh." Very eloquent Tony. But hey, isn't that something. Jack just happened to get lucky and put in the correct pass code in one try.
"BC. Scout and take down a drug operation using children. It shouldn't be long if intel is accurate." Steve stepped closer as he finished, nearly trapping Tony even though there was nothing but open air around them.
He had no choice but to get back and pull Cap out himself. He started running back towards Steve with the countdown in his ear. 7. 6. 5. 4. He launched himself forward and knocked him out of the way, having enough time only to hold Cap's shield in front of them for some protection.
Steve shook his head as he laughed as the cup’s reign as king of the balcony’s railing came to an end while he got a better grip on Tony’s hips and lifted him off. Tony’s instinctively wound his arms around Steve’s neck as he carried him towards the bedroom. Once he stood in front of the bed, Steve lowered Tony down onto the mattress and hovered over him.
Tony reminisces his time with Steve. He couldn't even remember the last time they spoke to each other and it sent a cold spike straight through his chest. Tony regretted not having called Steve when he should've. At least if he had, he'd know Steve's status right now and they would be together, as they should be. Now Tony doesn't know if Steve fought to his last breath or vanished with the other fifty percent of the Earth as per the alien's plan.
Forcing him into a sitting position, with his back heavily slumped against the wall, he reached for his helmet. His fingers splayed and his approach so gentle, the same delicate touch he used when he first held Jackie in his arms with Steve right behind him, looking at him with awe. He turned his helmet on, waiting a second for the systems to come up before he decided to be completely honest and began his message.
Clint wakes up to the sound of music filling the room. He sits up and stretches before getting up and pushing the lush mauve curtains away. He sighs and pushes them back to cover the window. He literally is only capable of seeing white in front of him, fog from last night’s rain accompanied by the incredible height of the tower. He turns to take a look at his sleeping boyfriend and smiles when all he can see of him is his dark hair spread out on his pillow. He smiles to himself again and heads towards the bathroom to take a shower.
