"My dear friend,..." he began to protest, but had to shut up as the doctor poured warm water over his head without any signs of mercy, soap and razor ready for use besides him on a little table.
"A bad dream." he repeated faintly, slowly blinking at his surroundings, for the first time seeing where he was, and with whom.
"Ouch. Do be gentle, Watson. Are you trying to rip my hair out? Or do you want to snap my whole head of?
With a huff his dear detective rubbed his cheek against the caressing hand for a moment like a content cat, and Watson stilled in fear that maybe he woke him up.
Holmes always claimed it was for their own safety, as they would hear anyone long before they can do them any harm when they stumble over something laying around on the floor when they can't even see their own feet in the darkness.
Now, still and unmoving on his shoulder, he looked almost small and harmless, not like a skilled fighter who could take men twice his size and weight out with only a few quick, precise blows.
The light coming through the open window was just loosing its red tinge, and the air was fresh and cool where it moved the open curtains.
"Because you are not free for the taking, are you?" but before Watson had a chance to say something, Holmes answered his own question. "No you are not. You are mine, but we can't tell them, so they don't know that they can't have you. Because you don't have a ring."
And it is impossible for anyone to break into that battlefield without making any sort of sound or breaking at last ones neck, if not more. Then there is also the possibility of touching something wrong and get poisoned...
But with John being ex-army he would most definitely know what Sherlock knew about the thing in the grey-haired man's hand.
That was the precise instant that Greg pressed the sub back onto the lubed dildo that was attached to the fucking machine.
John couldn't help but believe they should take in the little girl, not watching Sherlock with the little boy. He couldn't help but wonder if it was something they should discuss as a family, though. Finn had been through so much already. Would he resent a ‘sister’? Or would he revel in it? There was a lot to discuss. Maybe the question should be what would he think rather than the actual situation.
Sherlock thought deeply, thoroughly, then nodded once. “Yes, sir. You don’t seem like Victor, in that respect at least.”
After seeing that submission, Greg stepped forward and put his hand in Mycroft's hair. "You're incorrigible," he told his boy. Soon he, too, sat on the floor, petting Mycroft's hair. It was an unusually quiet time for the four of them.
“Thank you, Sam,” John smiled at him and forced Sherlock to kneel beside the only seat set up in the back.
He’d been with John less than a day, but he was completely different from what experience had taught him to expect. That didn’t mean he could trust him. He might have just been tricking him, letting him get close to hurt him psychologically rather than physically. It was just as feasible, if not more so than this Dom actually
“She must have had an organiser of some sort, sir, she was a journalist. She didn’t have a laptop on her so it must have been her phone.”
The guard came rushing back in with a bowl of ice. "Ms. Holmes. Ms. Adler." He held it out in front of him so they could reach it conveniently.
Greg took his and his sub’s, holding it out for the kneeling man, but when he didn’t take it he grew concerned. Feeling the need to investigate, he placed both mugs on the unit and tilted his pet’s chin up. Mycroft had tears running down his face, crying softly, inaudibly. ‘Pet?’
Sherlock felt momentarily overwhelmed by the commotion. He was surrounded by family, something he had never expected to experience again, let alone enjoy.
Sherlock was knelt in the middle of the playroom, his knees spread wide by his decision to be obedient, not by a spreader bar. His caged cock was chained to the floor and his wrists were in cuffs behind his back, also chained to the floor. He also had a posture collar on, keeping his head up high.
Feeling frustrated, but aroused, Mycroft sipped at the coffee. He glanced over at his Dom who wore a completely blissed out look. It made the government official smile despite being so frustrated.
John laughed, the tension flowing out of him. He hadn't realised that he had gotten so wound up with his own boy. That was a bit not good. Play was supposed to be just that, play.
Finn kicked at the sand playfully, then slipped away, running to the DI. “Uncle Greg! Uncle Greg! When can I meet her?”
Sherlock growled and thrashed in the Doms' arms. John reached down and grabbed Sherlock's cock in his fist, or at least the best he could through the cage. That stilled the detective quickly enough, though it didn't do much for his attitude. John attached a leash to the cage and tugged on it. As anticipated, Sherlock's knees buckled.
He was very much out of Panic now, but didn’t seem to want to be. John knew how stupid that thought alone was, but if one word could be used for Sherlock it was unique.
Sherlock took up his position immediately, not complaining even as John cuffed his wrists behind him.
Both the Doms heads snapped around at that. John looked over his shoulder towards the loo before standing up and poking his head in. Finding it empty, he returned to the desk which the waiter Sherlock had called Billy stood.
John had already got another length of rope and a weight. He was about to show his boy just how uncomfortable things could get.
The detective's eyes darted to the strap on the wall by the door and the Dom sighed. "As if I'd use it on you with your brother here."
John snorted. "You're right." Just as he said it, Sherlock tried to kick out with his newly freed foot, but the Superintendent caught it.
"Boy, you should have anticipated this. You know we intend our destination to be a surprise." John tied the blindfold around his boy's head. "There, that's better."
Mycroft closed his eyes in realisation, that was what was wrong with his brother. He wanted it strict and rough again.
“Sorry, sir,” he whimpered. The Dom was right, he didn't want more with the cane than he had to, but he knew he deserved it, he'd worried the doctor, this was his way of reminding him of that.
Sherlock quickly took in everything he could, not knowing how long John was going to give him or what was going to happen any moment. He couldn’t find anything that was on his limit list. John was an experienced Dom, he seemed to have every piece of kit he may or may not need. He must have somethings that were on Sherlock’s limit list so where was it all- oh. John really was an attentive Dom. The feeling of guilt quickly crept up the younger man’s chest. He’d clearly gone out of his way to remove things that would scare Sherlock. The doctor was aware of his past and things that had happened with previous Doms, Mycroft had made sure to sit them both down because he was more than aware that John would want to know and Sherlock would not be willing to give anything away that would make him look weak.
"My father informed me of what happened yesterday evening, yes," she said coldly, "and of the irrevocable step Georgiana has taken. You seem to know all about our family affairs already, Mr Holmes, so I won't scruple to tell you that this business with the cameos is simply all of a piece with Georgiana's other regrettable acts. That man is clearly a horrific influence on her."
I smiled to myself, for I must admit that seeing Holmes betray a flash of jealousy was a guilty pleasure of mine. In this case, clearly, he did not appreciate my being anyone else's 'dear Watson'.
"Oh, that's very credible." His lips twisted in a sneer, but I knew it was not directed at me. "Very credible indeed. So these two men are madly in love, and have shared rooms for almost a year, but it's all perfectly innocent?"
I did not join him in his armchair, but sat in my own chair opposite, on the other side of the fireplace.
Holmes nodded. "Mr Lyndale has recently been a victim of theft," he explained. "You will certainly be able to read all the details in the papers this evening."
We repaired to a small, quiet public house, where Holmes drank tea while I ordered some of the hearty Scottish fare for which I was at times nostalgic since relocating to England.
"Then you'd have to ask my man of business, I'm afraid. But he's away at the moment, unfortunately, making a tour of my estates. He may be gone several days."
Holmes marched up the steps to the Lyndale's townhouse and rang the bell. We were shown into the drawing room. Lyndale appeared after a moment. He greeted us warmly, but there was something superficial in his welcome. He seemed bothered and distracted, and I wondered to what extent that was connected with Father Garner's visit.
"I can't see anything amiss myself, Mr Holmes," Mrs Hudson said, sounding apologetic. "But Doris insisted, and what with all these burglaries recently..."
He was a reserved, old-fashioned, proud man, much like my brother in that last respect. He had been considered a pillar of the local community: a country solicitor and a reader at the local church. He only came alive, in a quiet dry way, when he was indulging his interest in botany and zoology. I remembered him taking me for walks around our West Lothian home when I was a boy, pointing out the frogspawn and the different species of heather. My brother was already away at school by this point, though not yet at odds with our father.
"They irritated me, those two," he said shortly. "Indulging in one of those noble, platonic affairs which make me extremely impatient."
Later that evening, in fact, we had an interesting conversation about Mr Huntington and the younger Mr Lyndale—but I get ahead of myself.
I fell to thinking of Miss Georgiana Lyndale. Where was she tonight? Did she regret the estrangement from the rest of her family, or did she not care? My own brother had always insisted he was indifferent to our father's opinion of him.
"She has—had—an allowance of her own, of course. But I suppose she felt the need for something more, to launch her married life, since she knew herself to be acting, I'm sorry to say, without the approval of her family." He shook his head, the very picture of a discarded, hurt parent. "Her, ah, prospective husband is not a particularly wealthy man. In fact, he already has a wife and two children to support."
The owners of the house had dared to venture onto the scene by this time, and we thanked them for their cooperation and apologised for disarranging their library and disturbing their sleep, while the police marched Brodie away.
He dropped my arm, and in a few swift steps he had caught up with the other two. I was forced to hurry after him.
After dinner, Holmes wrapped himself in a blanket and took a seat by the fire, looking set to remain there for the next few hours. Despite his own rule about not theorising before he had all the facts, I was quite sure he was thinking about the case.
Mrs Spencers' inflexible attitude reminded me of my own father, not that he would have appreciated being compared to a Roman Catholic.
To my delight, Holmes was not yet so caught up in the case that he refused to waste time on something as frivolous as regular meals. He was silent and distracted over lunch, however, eating little and saying less.
I put a hand to my head. "But if those warehouses belong to Lyndale, why on earth did the fact not come up in our last case? And what does it mean that Lyndale indirectly employed Wilcott, the chief instigator of the warehouse robberies and arson attacks?" My head was aching. "Not to mention that it seems Lyndale's man of business helped Wilcott to a job that put him in the perfect position to stake out the warehouses."
He smiled bitterly. "Ah, but then you are an optimist, my dear Watson." His eyes were bright, and pain was written in every line of his rigid stance.
"I locked it myself after showing Monsignor Pinet the cameos," Lyndale confirmed. "And it was found locked when we discovered the fakes at the end of the evening. The housekeeper keeps the key with those of all the other drawers and cabinets, in the pantry."
"I mean they convince themselves that what they have is not that nasty, sordid, physical kind of love as between other men, but rather something pure and noble... no doubt dressed up in some kind of hogwash about Greek ideals. Sublimating vile carnal desire into wholesome, brotherly love."
It was easy to understood why Margaret Donnelly's mysterious correspondent had chosen the graveyard as a meeting place, for it was dark and completely deserted. As Holmes and I installed ourselves behind a sepulchre not far from the gate, we heard a church bell strike quarter to eleven.
I saw Holmes suppress a grimace. As he put it, heavy-footed, clumsy-fingered policemen were the last people he wished to see at a crime scene.
All of that was driven from my mind as warm breath fell suddenly on my face, and then Holmes was kissing me fiercely, his hands gripping my shoulders as though he would never let go. After a moment's shock I responded just as strongly, pressing myself up against him. I slid one hand inside his cape, trying to get as close as possible to the warmth of his skin. I could not tell how long we stood there, clinging to each other. Holmes was like a man who has found water after a long drought, and I am sure I appeared in much the same light to him.
"They were given to my grandfather by Cardinal Montserrati in the 18th century for services rendered to the Church," Lyndale added.
Soon he too was grinning foolishly. "We're only just beginning, you and I," he said in a voice tinged with awe. Then his expression segued into into something much more earthy. "That will be an awful lot of sleepless nights," he added in his lowest voice, lowering himself down onto me and capturing my mouth with his.
I blinked, coming back to myself. He had been following my thoughts on my face, of course. I smiled faintly. "Old regrets, old ghosts." My words turned into a yawn.
"Well, I promised you the use of our sitting room, and here we still are, occupying it. Come along, Watson."
I had not seen the Gordons in almost a decade, but somehow it seemed indecent to dawdle too long over tea while the dead man still lay unidentified and unclaimed in the Royal Infirmary's morgue. Holmes, too, was clearly impatient to make a start. As soon as I judged that Gordon would be satisfied we were sufficiently rested from our supposedly harrowing journey, I suggested a visit to the scene of the gruesome discovery.
I knew that he was very well aware his father had been responsible for the theft. As he returned the cameos to his pocket, I wondered what effect that would have on a young man, to know his father was a criminal. It was a scandal that would haunt the family for the rest of their lives.
He rarely spoke of his family. I knew his people had been country squires on the south coast somewhere, but the estate had been lost somehow, and both he and his only brother lived in London, supporting themselves. I had never heard anything to indicate that his parents were still alive.
Our eyes met. Holmes' face was grave now, with a hint of uncertainty in the lines around his eyes. I ventured a smile, and was rewarded by a twitch of Holmes' own lips.
He stirred, and his eyes flickered open. His face lit into a smile upon seeing me. "Won't you come and sit a while, Watson?"
"Joshua Wilcott?" Lyndale echoed when Holmes asked him if he knew the name. "It doesn't ring a bell."
"There are as many pickpockets here as in London, I perceive," said Holmes, in a voice which I am sorry to say must be described as satisfied. "However, it remains to be seen whether the criminals more worthy of my attention are equally as inventive as their southern counterparts."
Only snippets of the conversation reached our ears, but enough to determine that it revolved around the topic of the 'two men from London' and 'that foul-up the other night.'
Holmes was silent, his gaze fixed on me, his eyes in shadow. I wondered if he were thinking the same thing as I was. What words could express what I wanted us to be to one another that night?
"Quite," said Holmes, neutrally. "Monsignor, was your expertise known to some of your fellow guests before your arrival?"
"Oh, no! When I think of the embarrassment and pain any further investigation would bring down on the family... her sister, her brother, myself. No, no, it is impossible. The investigation must stop."
It was to Sherlock Holmes that the vast majority of the post which arrived at 221b Baker Street was addressed. Aside from my correspondence with the editor of The Strand, I only received occasional letters from the few school and university friends I had kept in touch with, or advertisements from manufacturers of medical equipment who seemed unaware that I was not currently in practice. One morning, however, in early summer 1882 we received for the first time a letter which was addressed to both of us.
When he first opened his mouth after we left the house, however, it was not to speak of Lyndale, but of another subject.
"It is the circumstances of the theft that render it particularly mysterious. The exchange was made right under the noses of a crowd of at least fifteen people."
I attempted to choose my words carefully, something which was not facile when all I longed for was to grasp him to me, and hold him without speaking. "Aren't you overreacting in the heat of the moment? What precisely does this change? We have always known the risk we run, after all, and I, for one, maintain that you are afraid of something that will never occur." Unable to touch him, I tried to pour all of my feelings into my words. "What's more, it is perfectly ridiculous to describe yourself as egoistical. There are two of us in this, Holmes, and I assure you, you are not risking my name and liberty, as you put it, without my heartfelt consent. Not that it is a risk that weighs heavily on my mind, when the happiness we bring each other so easily outweighs it."
"I've been out in Chiswick, at the gardens of the Royal Horticultural Society. My sister received two tickets for the flower show from a friend."
"Good morning, Holmes," I managed, discovering my voice to be rough with sleep. I cleared my throat. The sound was followed by a short silence.
I had intended it as a joke to counter his. I hadn't expected to actually receive another crumb of knowledge about my friend, to add to the tiny amount of information I had hoarded up.
"Yes, I, ah—in fact I have some indirect interests down that way, I believe. Like I said, it's my agent who takes care of all that." He looked at his watch. "Now, if that's all, gentlemen—? Believe me, I greatly appreciate your work on my behalf. But if you don't mind, I have some business to attend to."
"Not really, no. By the time I was old enough to hold a full-size violin, hers had been sold off along with the piano and the rest of the house." He flagged down a cab. "Back to Baker Street, shall we?"
"Never fear, Mrs Hudson," I said. "Had they been here ten times longer, they still wouldn't have managed to get in."
When we arrived in West Eaton Place, Father Garner was just leaving the Lyndale residence, looking eminently pleased with himself. He gave us a curt nod and swept past us, already hailing a cab.
He drew a small pouch from his pocket and opened it. Inside lay two cameos carved in sardonyx shell. The creamy white figures were fashioned in exquisite detail, standing out in relief against the deep, rich brown background. They were beautiful. I would certainly not have spotted the difference from the fakes as easily as Monsignor Pinet did, but now that I knew it, the true cameos were unmistakable.
"It is not a risk I am willing to take." He turned away from me. "This will never change, you know, Watson," he said in a low voice. "We shall never be free."
Before I could compose a response, he had already hailed a cab. "Go ahead, enjoy your afternoon, my dear fellow. I promise you, nothing interesting will happen until tonight, and perhaps not even then."
Holmes shook his head impatiently. "The idea had already occurred to me, of course. But I will not hear of it."
He paused, but Holmes said nothing. I knew it would take more than that to interest Holmes, and Mr Lyndale seemed to sense the same thing, for he went on:
"I'm so glad to see you're awake, sir," she cried, with surprising emphasis. "I'm so terribly, terribly sorry about what happened."
"No, no, Watson, he had a key. I first discovered proof of this in my investigation at your friends' home. The key in their kitchen still bore traces of the oiliness left by the wax used to take a copy of it. Someone was gaining access in a legitimate fashion to each of the houses, managing to take a wax impression of the house-key, and returning in the night for a more nefarious purpose. The question remained: how did he gain access in the first place? The explanation rapidly became evident: the neighbourhood is of recent build, and therefore carpet fitters, cabinet makers and the like often have occasion to call."
"Yes indeed. This morning I managed to convince her to divulge almost everything which I had not already guessed. She held back at the last, still in fear of her life, but it seems she finally acquiesced - that address that you brought was the final detail I required."
"I know," she said. "That's why I—" She swallowed. "My suspicions were first awoken when I heard that Joshua Wilcott had been arrested. I knew who he was because of my work at the Franciscan soup kitchen. I knew my father was responsible for him being placed there, so close to the site of the arson attacks. And... I knew my father and his man of business were giving him direct orders. Some conversations I had overheard began to make a sort of horrifying sense."
He winced visibly. "I admit that the resolutions of whose soundness I have spent the past two hours trying to convince myself are threatened by the mere sight of your person. I should be thinking about the case, for I am at a critical juncture, and yet I cannot keep anything in my mind for more than three seconds at a time but you. Watson, I - " He stopped, making a quick, despairing gesture with one thin hand. "The high street is no place for such a conversation."
At this point he performed once more his odd, seated bow in the direction of Mr Lyndale, who nodded in acknowledgement.
Once out on the street, we stood together in silence, side-by-side, the crowd swarming around us. It had been raining, and the cabs and delivery carts which passed splashed the pavement before our feet with muddy water. Over everything hung the distinctive malty smell of the city, arising from its many breweries.
He turned back to look at me, still curled up in my armchair, and gave me an amused look. "It's rather more likely to be me, you know."
He frowned, but to my surprise he seemed more thoughtful than irritated. "Before Christmas, I must admit," he said slowly, "such actions on your part were what fuelled my dreams and kindled my hopes. But before Christmas, we had nothing to hide but unspoken fantasies. I do not think I am being unreasonable now in recommending caution."
The man laughed this off in the most horrid manner imaginable, and finished the conversation by handing over a small cloth-wrapped package. The maid tucked it under her cloak, and hurried away, followed a few moments later by the man she had labelled a murderer.
Smith, a surname shared by tens of thousands of other Londoners. Very helpful. I noted it in my notebook nonetheless.
"How irritating that such a supercilious man should produce such sublime music," as Holmes said later.
The music was building to a crescendo now, the church's vaulted interior filled with the deep, rich, almost discordant booming of the pipes, all powerful unending notes as only an organ can produce. I glanced sideways at Holmes, who had his eyes closed. He opened them only when the final, lingering echoes died away, leaving the church in silence.
"A lucky guess, my dear Mrs Hudson," Holmes cried. "Now let us go back inside, before we all catch our deaths in the damp night air."
Lestrade offered me a chair and a cigarette. "You say this is to do with my arson case on the riverfront in Limehouse?"
Holmes obviously had some experience in such activities. That much had been clear from the very first night. But was it the brief, anonymous, hurried kind? And was that his preference? Or was he open to the idea of something more permanent? Something more multifaceted, for want of a better word?
"I have something of a very delicate nature to say to you, Mr Holmes. I'm sure I can rely on your discretion."
His assumption was perfectly correct. I had not voiced my true nightmare, which was that someday I would be too careless, and he would become too impatient, or too scared, and leave me.
I had hesitated too long, and the moment was past. Holmes turned away with a quiet, "Good night, Watson."
The next morning I found signs that Holmes had retired to bed at some point for at least a few hours' sleep, late as the hour must have been.
Lyndale had been staring at his feet, but now he looked up at us. "No, wait, Mr Holmes, Dr Watson. I have something here I thought you might like to see."
"But Watson, it is such a golden opportunity for a long-term study! Why, I could take repeated measurements over - four or five decades at least! You cannot deny me this contribution to the advancement of knowledge."
That was something to attract commiseration rather than condemnation, and the same was true for Lyndale and Huntington. If, indeed, Holmes was correct in his characterisation of their relationship. Some people struggled with their desires, but others, perhaps, did not feel any. For them, surely, the platonic ideal was not only a second best. As for Lyndale and Huntington, if they truly felt as Holmes said, then I felt as sorry for them as for my old friend.
It was clear she had been expecting the question. She did not answer, but turned her head away, her lips pressed tightly together. "It seems you already know the answer to that, Mr Holmes."
He hesitated, already seeming to divine my thoughts and not finding them to his liking, but finally nodded.
Would things have been different, had my father been a different man? I might have asked the same of my brother, of course. Now it was too late. They were both gone the way of all flesh. Maybe things had been resolved between them in the next life, if not in this.
A flash of something unfamiliar graced Sherlock’s face at these words, but it was gone momentarily and replaced with a barely-there smile. “A Watson family trait, I think,” he said.
Without a word, he leaned into Sherlock’s space and slid the clip into his messy curls, tucking them away from the injured area.
Sherlock could scarcely remember another instance in which he had held someone's hand. In infancy probably - mother's or an au pair's.
The lanyard it was attached to, though a little greying, was a vulgar clash of bright pink and acid green - likely a PR company - no other industry sector tried that hard to stand out.
John's involuntary hand spasm caught their attention and the subject of Sherlock's prior knowledge of the life and times of Harry Watson was dropped.
Sherlock’s hands were twitching as if they were unsure whether to make a move, his one, so close to John’s at his knee, was white at the knuckles.
As he stared at his lap, at the foreign sight of his brother touching him, a memory presented itself to Sherlock. One of midday clarity and yet a longtime visited.
“What do you need?” Mycroft had asked, a look back at the security guard, who took the hint and slipped back inside.
When he was roused some hours later it was not by a question or a polite tap on the shoulder but by a softened kick to the side of his head.
The first drag was like a breath of life, unravelling the invisible knot between his eyes, loosening the tension in his shoulders, scratching an itch he hadn’t even been aware he had.
In a sudden moment of stark clarity, Sherlock realised what he had done - brought back to a hyper-reality where there was in fact an uncomfortable metal bed guard between them, the intrusion of a nasal cannula at John's upper lip and - as he pulled away -  a look of almost terror on the older man's face.
He scraped his chair closer to John’s bed, crossing his arms on the mattress and resting his forehead on top.
For the first time in some years, Sherlock was lost for words. The warmth that washed over him trumped the feeling of solace he had felt from the cigarette tenfold. Whatever he said to his flatmate now would do little to communicate the vast abatement coursing through him.
“You might be sporting a black eye by tomorrow. Don’t think they’ll let us in anywhere fancy,” John said, discarding the tweezers and unboxing the adhesive strips.
The horrid hard-backed chair scraped across the tiles and Sherlock heard the screech of it before he realised he had stood up.
Sherlock wondered if his reservations to show much skin were down to the injury or the evidence of his once strong soldier body rounding at the edges due to sedate civilian living and the readily availability of Hobnobs and takeaway.
“So I’m told,” Sherlock replied, he too watching the girl, her feet in tatty, once-pink slippers trudging across the wet pavement. The tails of her pyjama bottoms already visibly sodden.
Rosie’s were light but still held that ungraceful swing of a pair not-yet-entirely-figured-out by their owner. A toddle, in short.
John flexed his fingers, careful not to knock the oximeter and upset the machinery, then pushed his hand closer to Sherlock.
“Yes, sounds very tedious. Not sure how you stayed awake for that one,” John said, unclipping the catches on his kit and opening it up. Rummaging through, he took out a few antiseptic wipes, a pair of tweezers, some scissors and a pack of adhesive strips. He then rifled through his pockets, pulling out one of Rosie’s ladybird hairclips.
John spotted the open window the other side of the room. It had previously been covered up and he had completely forgotten about it, but the brat must have spotted it at some point, he really was clever… observant, but then again he knew that, he had met his brother. So he had found a way out and then what… climbed? Down the building and just sat by the door. Why hadn’t he run off? He had ample opportunity. And all his stuff, he had been left alone for an hour. He had more than enough time to get his stuff and throw it out of the window. Maybe he hadn’t been trying to escape, maybe it was something else.
The doctor took him straight to the kitchen and tried to make him take a seat on one of the comfy chairs, but he shook his head and dropped with a painful thud to his knees beside the Dom’s usual chair. His groan was internal
It figures that Holmes would not remember that many occasions, since he usually ignored No, or simply discussed or pouted it away, or acted as if he didn't understand that word.
Watson looked down, marvelling yet again how much younger Holmes would look like this, relaxed in sleep in the early morning light, without his big words and his lack of tact to appear older then he was.
Gladstone was sleeping on his blanket in the corner, quietly, without so much as huffing, sneezing or even twitching in his sleep, as to not draw unnecessary attention to himself.
Hell, Watson could be glad if Holmes allowed him to dress first before he shoved his cane in his hand, him out the door and jumped in front of the next carriage he saw to stop it!
"Well, if you insist, Watson, then I shall have to comply." he said with a put on sigh, and he didn't need to see it to know that Watson was smiling into his hair.
But he couldn't remember having a nightmare, or anything like that, and he didn't dream often about his time in Afghanistan and the horrors of people dying right under his hands any more.
"People think you are unattached. Of course they will try to take you away, they would be stupid if they don't try." he snorted as he jumped up again.
Watson patted at the bed besides him, but the stubborn little bastard shock his head and leant against the dresser instead, playing around with his pipe.
As a doctor, and more so as the flatmate and friend of one Sherlock Holmes, he knew about the benefits of a good, uninterrupted nights sleep, and how it shouldn't be taken for granted around this place.
I tell you No every time you want to take your 7-percent-solution just because you are bored with dull cases and incompetent criminals.
Greg had known it would be a long shot, if he'd been in John's shoes and Mycroft had behaved in such a way... he'd do exactly the same. He told the doctor that and rang off, hoping he had been reassuring.
John leant forward and gathered up his mug, he held it to Sherlock's lips, but despite his surprise, he let his mouth open slightly so he could drain the sweet dregs from the bottom.
John shook his head incredulously. His boy was impossible. He kissed his fingertips and pressed them to Sherlock's cheek. The detective looked up at him and managed to smile without pulling his bottom lip back in. "You're a force of nature, did you know that?"
Sherlock glanced at the shorter man, thinking on his feet. He wanted to say anything but the truth… a friend? A colleague? But then he realised in a way they were both true. John had said in the car they were friends, he hadn’t really seen it that way, but John always knew these sorts of things. It had taken a month, but Sherlock was well aware of that by now. He could also be a colleague, he was a doctor and was surely going to offer some advice, especially if he asked, that was what colleagues did, wasn’t it? Help each other out?
Mycroft was miles away and John stepped back to give the couple some room, at the same time he gripped his hand into Sherlock’s soft curls and dragged him back away as well.
Greg glanced across at his boy, who was staring at the floor and then to Sherlock who was now doing the same.
The Dom removed the chains from the bench but left them between his hands and feet as he dragged him over to the bed and pulled him up on it. "Here we are again," he said.
"Each time you refuse to say it, I'll up the strikes he gets by one," Irene say with a wicked smile.
He didn't know how long he sat there but it was long enough to make him thoroughly bored and quit worrying about being in trouble.
John didn’t trust his sub’s legs so he scooped him up and held him tight. Sherlock whimpered and curled into him. He was much too light for a man of his size, even after eating 3 square meals a day for a week.
Sherlock couldn’t believe this was his fifth day with John, and he also couldn’t believe the man hadn’t kicked him out yet. He hadn’t done anything drastic, but he hadn’t exactly been polite either. His previous Doms had made damn sure he knew his place. He did know his place, he knew he was submissive, but the thought of being submissive with them, right now, even then made him sick. He tried to process the differences between John and his old Doms and despite the fact that he found quite a few, the patience for one, he couldn’t make himself fully submit. He felt the urge to do so grow more every day and he knew it was inevitable. He liked to think that when it came he would enjoy it, it had been so long since he had managed to reach subspace and the last time he had done, he couldn’t help but think it hadn’t been healthy and the feeling afterward had been terrible.
Eurus tipped his head back by the chin and looked into his eyes, frowning. "You're up to something, little big brother. Aren't you?" she hissed when he didn't respond.
John smiled in relief, bending over to hug his boyfriend. Sherlock let him, but didn't participate. "Nope. Not good enough. I need to know that you're in this with me. I need you to hug me back."
The detective took the proffered mug with a small smile of thanks, then returned to looking out the window.
John moved around in front of the younger man and reached absently for the buckle for a moment. Locating it, he pulled out Sherlock's gag and dropped it in a bucket to be cleaned. The detective still hadn't moved, but he worked his jaw slightly where he lay still.
"Do you want me to put you on the naughty step? Bearing in mind, the only steps in this place are the ones outside the front door?
"They'll do." John glanced back down at Sherlock who was frowning. "Put your hands behind your head."
Worrying his lip between his teeth, Sherlock nodded. John's arm around his waist was a comforting presence. Maybe he really would be okay.
Irene tried to follow but Sherlock was last through the door, he turned and slapped her across the face, knocking her sideways, then slammed the cell door in her face.
Sherlock refused to respond to that, there was nothing wrong. He just wasn't in the mood for stupid questions.
Sherlock tugged at his cuffed wrists with frustration, making John just roll his eyes. “You’re a clever boy, I think you can figure out what I want.” He was definitely not impressed with the ongoing attitude. “I have added 10 on to your tally, boy. Your behaviour is ridiculous.”
Sherlock let out a long trembling breath as the dildo slid free. He wasn't as sore as he could have been as it had ended up just being a plug for most of the night.
The doctor left him for a moment and then reappeared with the curtains which he set up over the ironing board.
Mycroft sighed, disturbed by his brother's current choice of action, but after a glance at his Dom for approval, he sat down in the water alongside the other two men. Mycroft could understand where Sherlock was coming from with this whole behaving 100% but it wasn't him. This Sherlock wasn't the one his Dom fell in love with.
The doctor leant down and scooped Sherlock up in his arms, unable to resist a moment longer. "I don't think I can hold myself back." He began kissing his sub all over his face then down his neck.
Greg slapped him instantly. "Watch your mouth boy, or you'll be walking the beach with a gag in your mouth. I don't care who might see it."
This time just Sherlock’s expression showed how much he clearly just wanted to growl and keep running with his phone in his pocket. “I’m sorry, Mrs. Hudson.”
The following day the four of them were sat in the sitting room in Baker Street. Well, Sherlock was knelt beside the doctor, Mycroft was knelt beside his own Dom even as Greg went through the case he had on his lap.
Sherlock stayed completely still, he didn't want to piss John off even more when the day had only just got started.
Sherlock had to think for a moment. “You lot arresting me,” he glanced at his solicitor, glad he wasn't being interrupted.
With a small nod, he brought aching arms over his head and crawled as quick as he could to where John had indicated. He put his hands at his neck as John settled in the chair beside him.
Knowing he was skirting too close to danger, Mycroft turned as fast as he could, then, once facing the corner, inched forward so that he was where he had been placed originally.
It was Siger who saved Sherlock. He took Mrs. Hudson gently by the shoulders and dislodged her, then hugged her himself. "It looks like we have a wedding to plan."
His bag was hidden in the corner in a previously empty cupboard. He found a pair of trousers, t-shirt, socks and shoes before hiding his bag again and hurrying out of a different door that he was sure led to the lobby area.
“Cardiff.” Sherlock answered his own rhetorical question and glanced up at his Dom hoping he wasn’t in trouble for his little outburst a few minutes ago, or at least if he had been he had redeemed himself with his deductions.
The only thing John could think of was that the bondage has tipped him under. It was odd, but it made sense as to why he was so relaxed. He had planned on a few boring activities for the younger man but it seemed like a pointless effort now. There was no point punishing him while he was floating like a cloud.
“Her coat. It’s slightly damp. She’s been in heavy rain in the last few hours. No rain anywhere in London in that time. Under her coat collar is damp, too. She’s turned it up against the wind.” He demonstrated with his own collar and John smirked, that wasn’t why his boy put his collar up. “She’s got an umbrella in her left hand pocket but it’s dry and unused. Not just the wind, but strong wind, too strong for her to use her umbrella. We know from her suitcase that she must have come a decent distance but she can’t have travelled more than two or three hours because her coat still hasn’t dried. So, where has there been heavy rain and strong wind within in the radius of that travel time?” he pulled his phone from his pocket again and scrolled through it for a few moments. He stopped on the page he had glanced at earlier and showed it to the two Doms, both of which were looking mildly vacant.
John got to his feet and held his hand out. Tentatively, Sherlock took it and the older man led the both of them down the beach towards the water.
He heard John yell his name a few times as he paced up and down the hallway outside before it faded, where he must have gone downstairs. He didn’t know whether he was deliberately angering him or not, but he didn’t think so… all he felt now was guilt so he climbed in the wardrobe and pulled the door shut behind him. Darkness was safe, darkness was normal after what he had done today. He could feel Panic coming in, settling into him like a low fog. He wanted John; needed John. But he couldn’t move. Another hour ticked by and he buried himself in the closet further.
Sherlock could think of many loopholes already, did this man seriously kill 4 people? And did he seriously think he could outwit Sherlock Holmes the only consulting detective in the world. “Why should I? I’ve got nothing to go on. What’s in it for me?”
He stood with the younger man and hooked his finger through the D ring of his pet’s collar. He bent Sherlock double until he was forced to return to his knees.
After a moment's clear deliberation and thought, Sherlock ducked his head slightly. "Yes, sir." He would just have to face the music at the moment, he didn't want to leave after all.
A woman seemed to be in charge of the soldiers, when she finished pushing her way through to the front she began clapping. It took a moment but all the soldiers lowered the guns and joined in. The moment she opened her mouth, the detective groaned. It was obvious the woman was an idiot. From the look on the Doctor's face, he knew it too.
Sherlock didn't bother struggling, just went along with it. "It's not disappointing them you're worried about, it's keeping your cock locked up for a long time."
Sherlock wouldn’t admit it, but the way in which John planned for his unusual submissive’s behaviour was quite ingenious. He briefly wondered how many were the blond’s ideas and how many were Mycroft’s. He doubted he would ever know and yelped around John’s dick when his arse was pulled sharply. “You’re drifting again, boy.”
"Prove it. Go kneel in the corner. I need to decide what to do to you next." As Mycroft crawled away, Greg gave Sherlock's erect cock a slap, then walked over to the table of toys. The Superintendent snatched up a pair of hand cuffs from the table and then an adjustable spreader bar, that had cuffs already attached.
Sherlock’s hands were clenching and unclenching but he nodded. “No, sir. You were right. I’m glad you know.”
Four hurried into the room. One went straight to Mycroft and wedged his gun at the back of his neck.
He led Sherlock outside and looked up and down the path, the sun was high in the sky and there was a strong wind, for which the Dom was glad, it might make what was about to occur a little more uncomfortable. It was also fairly quiet, another bonus.
The older sub immediately pushed himself from the sofa and dropped to his knees, his hands clasped tightly in front of him.
He took him by the scruff of the neck, straight to the toilet and yanked down his trousers. Sherlock couldn't speak and he couldn't do anything that would remotely help the situation, but he could make it worse. However, for once he chose not to. Things seemed bad enough. Especially when John grabbed his cock and aimed it at the toilet.
"Right. I thought so." John gave Sherlock's curls a shake. "Forehead to the floor, arse in the air. Now!"
"But I lied, sir," Sherlock whispered, glaring at his brother again after swallowing the pain killers.
Sherlock laughed. "Admit it, seeing Eurus go for Irene's throat was priceless. Her attention isn't just on us and it's not on anyone innocent or who we care about."
“Is that because of the British Government sat beside you?” John asked of the other Dom, when the owner turned away again.
John sighed and went to the kitchen. "You're eating tonight, Sherlock," he called through. "So what do you fancy?"
John sighed at his sub's tone, as he shifted off the chair to stand, he turned on his heel and cupped Sherlock's cheek as he finished his sentence. "It requires an answer, not an apology."
Below the table, his feet were kicking out aimlessly, as if he thought the tapping might make a hole appear in the floor that he could fall through and escape. It had to be better than this boredom infested place.
“Well you can do the work, up, down, and you know what I said about what happens to you if you come without my express permission.”
Greg found himself more than willing to turn his back on the doctor for his cuffs to be undone. As soon as they were he wrapped his hand around his cock and sighed.
As he rolled out of bed to get dressed and ready for the day, he contemplated what sort of a mood he was going to be in. He was nearly one hundred percent sure it was not going to be anywhere near as good as it had been when he had come out of Panic the day before.
John watched him go, an idea catching him. They were going to have some fun. Then he'd tell the sub he was done.
“Stop that, Finn,” Sherlock ordered softly. He made it to the bathroom and settled the boy on the floor as he ran the bath and kicked the door shut at the same time. When he saw Finn head toward it he flicked the lock that they had moved to about 5 foot so he couldn't lock himself inside.
With a grunt when he was released, Sherlock began to crawl across the room, avoiding his brother's eye.
John didn't seem surprised. He really should have been. He glanced over at where Mycroft and Greg were playing in the sand with the girls. Finn was down the beach further with his grandad.
“It won’t be awkward, Sherlock. I won’t make things difficult for you, especially at your place of work, as long as you remember to be respectful and remember the rules. It should be nothing more than two friends okay?”
Ignoring the Dom's words, the first thing Sherlock did was reach for his caged cock, but the chain that ran behind his back between the cuffs wasn't long enough. He had about 2 inches slack, it wasn't even enough to brush his finger tips across the cage.
That was different, John noted, him being nervous. It wasn’t something he would have associated with the boy.
Still, Mycroft's eyes were on his brother. All he could see was the frustration on Sherlock's face. The obvious arousal being the key to it. "Sir, please, let me out of the cage."
He sighed. The woman in the pink coat had been dead for hours, he knew what he would need to do he just hadn’t had the chance to tell John what it was, thanks to the sergeant. The rain would get heavier and the wind was likely to pick up too, h had the weather from the previous check on his phone entered into his Mind Palace.
When Sherlock tried to shift away from the intrusion, Mycroft simply rested his teeth against his cock. The older Holmes didn't even have to apply pressure to make his point. Sherlock quit moving immediately. Mycroft just knelt there with his teeth resting around the head of Sherlock's cock, it prevented any further fighting on his brother's part.
Greg wasn't impressed. Sherlock was like the child who was sorry he had got caught breaking a rule, but didn't give a toss that he had done it.
Sherlock couldn't be bothered to argue. He just opened his mouth and did what he was told. Across the room, Eurus had grabbed Mycroft by the scruff of the neck.
"I..." Mycroft sighed, he was unaccustomed to apologising, the premise just felt odd. "I apologise, little brother, truly. I didn't mean to upset you or make our relationship seem fickle. If I hadn't have laughed at you, you wouldn't be in trouble right now. You wouldn't have run away and put yourself at risk. I truly am sorry, Sherlock. It was wrong of me, it won't happen again."
When they arrived at Angelo’s, Greg and Mycroft were already there. Mycroft was knelt on a cushion that Sherlock recognised as one that came from behind the counter and there was another identical one set on the table.
“Sherlock, what have I told you about leaving the windows open when it’s raining? Especially with it so heavy out there. The amount of curtains I’ve gone through since you’ve lived here.”
John watched him suspiciously. He hadn’t moved since he’d dropped back to his knees, not even to fidget. He wasn’t even on the cushion anymore. The sub appeared to be resigned to his fate, at least for now, but what had caused it?
"Plea-" Sherlock's protest was cut short as John pushed the dildo between his teeth and deep into the back of his mouth, making him gag.
John seemed to freeze for a moment before he regarded his sub. “What am I doing here?” he asked eventually.
The van had been driven off at speed and was going so fast with so many random turns, Sherlock couldn't keep track, despite his avid knowledge of London. He doubted anyone saw it, and even if they did they wouldn't register it as abnormal. It was London at rush hour. And even if it wasn't, people were hardly observant.
“Hello, Sherlock.” John glared at him pointedly, but not for the first time today, was clearly trying to hide a smile, Sherlock obviously knew so he stopped fighting it and grinned.
“Well, since a certain someone came round, I haven’t filled my diary, I want as much time as he needs.”
"In that case, I shall collect Gregory. But, Sherlock, this had best not be a waste of our time. If you have put Finn up to something-"
It was nearly 10 minutes before John joined him, typing in the code. Sherlock still didn't understand why he wasn't allowed in the room on his own. It wasn't like he planned to go out the roof again.
Sherlock grunted as he hit the floor. "This is what you want, Eurus, me and Mycroft to be good boys so you can beat the shit out of us."
"Verbal answer, pet," John's tone was only slightly sharper than normal but it was clear he meant it.
"Yes, sir." The government official hid his surprise and went to do as he had been told. His insides were clenched up in sympathy for his brother, although the memory of the morning's small explosion dampened it a bit. He prepared the enema precisely as he knew his Dom wanted it done, then carried it to him.
John chuckled and stepped toward him cupping his cheek with one hand while the other was in his pocket.
Moriarty laughed, his cackling echoing around the room. It was the insane cackling you'd hear on one of those old black and white movies that just played in the background.
Sherlock’s head jerked in the affirmative, but this time John wasn’t satisfied so used his grip of the detective’s ear to pull him out of the door.
He tried listening but soon lost track. It didn't take long for Sherlock to realise that his Dom had left the room.
Between watching his Dom to check he really was there, Sherlock kept glancing across at Mycroft, he wanted to feel guilty for his position but decided not to, not with what he had just realised. Mycroft had gone after the consulting criminal to catch him, not because he knew his little brother was there, he hadn't known he'd escaped like several of the missed phone calls would have likely told him. Then he remembered what the older Holmes had said when he had mentioned this whole situation being about the government official, 'I know' he had said. But that meant... that meant he had known Moriarty would go after Sherlock. Would hurt Sherlock to get to him, which also meant Mycroft had to love his little brother a lot for Moriarty to use him as a threat. But not only that... he had put all his resources and efforts, including pissing off his Dom, into finding James Moriarty so he was no longer a threat. To either of them.
The Dom chuckled. “Not completely. No, you haven’t.” He raised an eyebrow – this time more seductive than threatening - and then twirled slowly. “You like?”
I hope you guys like this one, it's been a hell of a tough weak and if it wasn't for my beta, sherlockian4evr this wouldn't be being posted!
Sherlock didn't want to, and he knew he wouldn't be able to even if he did. He left his mouth open for his Dom's fingers but was shifting his hips.
Finn decided that the toys were worth not getting to swim in his shorts and clapped in excitement. “I want to pick up every shell on the beach!”
Together, they untied him enough to make him kneel up. Whilst John applied the pegs to his boys nipples, Greg and Mycroft used a length of rope to tie the detective in his kneeling position. The rope wrapped around his calfs, tying them to the bench so he couldn't move his legs at all.
Sherlock's mind raced as he tried to deduce what his Dom had meant by that, but he was distracted by John's hand on him.
Sherlock finally stood away from the DI, he shouldn’t have let himself get drawn into the authority that Greg seemed to radiate, yes he was a Dom, but he wasn’t his Dom. He let his eyes get drawn to the card folder in the older man’s hands. “Where?” he asked, not bothering to elaborate, he knew him well enough that he wouldn’t need to, he feared if he spoke anymore he’d say something he would regret and then he would tell his Dom. That would put him in a whole heap of trouble and would not put him in a good mood to let him work on a case.
Yes, the Dom had intended on being stricter with the boy but this wasn't the way he wanted to go about. He spun the boy over, leaving his hands twisted above his head. He gripped Sherlock's fists in his hands at the look of frustration on his face.
The doctor slapped him. Hard. As Sherlock blinked through the sudden sting across his cheek he felt a rubber cock pressed at his lips.
“Was that the front door?” Greg asked, looking around the flat. His hand had caught in his boy's hair and he quickly pulled it free when he winced.
Sherlock rolled over, away from the Dom, and wrapped his arms back around the pillow he hadn’t let go of.
It wasn’t unusual for Sherlock not to be about, he spent quite a lot of his free time down in the underground lab, the better behaved he was, the more equipment he was allowed and in turn this meant more time was spent playing with it and experimenting rather than getting up to mischief in front of his Dom and getting into trouble. He’d also had some more human body parts brought over from St Barts, mostly gifts from Molly trying to bribe him to pop his head in when he got the chance. Sherlock had pondered over asking his Dom if they could, but he wasn’t sure of the answer and he didn’t want to set himself up just to fail, because if that happened he was highly likely to get himself into a state and either end up in Panic or get into trouble, something he had been trying his upmost to avoid.
And all of a sudden Watson knew what woke him up, as a sleepy growl reached him from the nude man at his side:
The strong muscles moving under the arm he was holding onto, the fast pulse under his fingers where they stroked over warm skin.
He wouldn't put it past Homes to do that, and he really didn't want to pick him up from jail for public indecency.
He patted the limp, wet hair while his genius did his best to look like a drowning puppy, a look he could pull off surprisingly well for an adult of his age and intellect.
They just said that they need one, because Watsons have many uses and are very loyal, and brave and patient, and not as stupid as normal people, and you were the only one of those around here, so they tried to take you. Because it's easier than searching for their own somewhere else."
"I tell you No when you want to make experiments on Gladstone. I know you usually do it anyway, but I still tell you No if I catch you at it.
"Yes, because I give them to Mrs. Hudson for cleaning, instead of hiding them away in little hidey-holes like a magpie, or some bloody dog with a bone."
The lines around his mouth were smoothed out, the frown lines between his dark eyebrows gone, his chapped lips slightly parted with each soft exhale, that sharp tongue of his poking out a bit.
"Oh, but I have a ring, Holmes, just not on my finger." the doctor tapped a discreet golden band on the hold of his cane."And you and I know it's there, and why it's there, and what it means, and that's good enough for us!"
He caught the shorter man by his arm as he passed him and dragged him in his lap, laid his head on his shoulder and stroked through the dark, curly hair.
Watson couldn't help but run his fingers through the wild mane, letting it slip through his fingers, and enjoy the silky feel of it while tousling it up even more.
Watson couldn't help but smirk as his partner emerged to the surface, sputtering and pouting like a little child.
For once, the other male was really sleeping, not just lying there watching and waiting for Watson to wake up and entertain and amuse him.
His uncombed hair and his unsaved face as well as his habit to 'forget' to eat or sleep when on a case or in the middle of an experiment added years to his appearance that he lost now for a few hours of uninterrupted sleep.
Holmes will ask her if the food/tea is poisoned, Mrs. Hudson will tell him no, but promise to do it tomorrow, or remark that he already has enough poison in his system that it wouldn't work properly on him anyway.
They played their little game very day, for years now, and the doctor was secretly sure that they both enjoyed the banter in their own twisted way, even if they would rather eat poison then ever admit it out loud, let alone to each other.
"Good to see you, you can help me! We have to go and find you before they can do something improper or illegal with or to you!"
"That... was mean." he said slowly, pout firmly on his lips, his deep voice sad and disappointed. "And totally unnecessary."
"Holmes. I'm right here. No one is hiding me, no one abducted me, no one tried to take me away." he spoke gentle, slowly calming the poor man down, who was twitching in his arms ready to bounce away again as soon as he saw a chance.
Their living room was also silent, no sign of an intruder, who may have woken the former soldier after a really short night.
It would take another three to four hours until she was up and in the kitchen, making a breakfast for Holmes to sneer at.
To maybe stroke his hair, or tell him how amazing and brilliant and great he is just to make up for his mean and awful words to a poor, misunderstood detective...
Then he hugged his lover tightly to his chest to keep him in place before he could make a beeline for the door and vanish into the empty streets of London with nothing but his pride and an old dressing gown.
"But they can't have you, Watson, none of them can have you. You are mine! And they know I don't want to share you with anyone, so they tried to steal you away! And I can't let them, who know what they will do with you! They could break you, or loose you, and I would never get you back! And I like how you are now, in one piece and all!
His dark hair hung limply into his big eyes as he blinked up at his doctor, brown gaze full of betrayal to make the good doctor feel sorry for him and ashamed of his cruel actions against his very own best friend and lover.
That their playing around got him out of a much hated bath was just a bonus for the infuriating genius, who saw the whole chase as just another game between them.
"If you want a Watson go find your own!" Holmes snarled, and effectively bought the good doctor's attention back.
"If you would bother to brush this nest you call hair every day, it wouldn't tangle so much. And then it wouldn't hurt right now. And washing it more wouldn't hurt your 'dashing looks' either."
Watson was busy washing the tousled dark hair without yanking too much on it, while the detective constantly tried to swat his hands away, without getting anywhere as they kept coming back for his head.
They wouldn't play it if they didn't enjoy it even a little bit, since Holmes was very good at completely ignoring anything and everyone he doesn't like as if those things simply don't exist.
And I tell you No when you try to steal my clothes." he listed, waving his fingers in front of Holmes face to make his point.
"Watson!" the genius bellowed, while not looking directly at his friend and lover, but over his shoulder to inspect the mantelpiece and reach around his worried Watson to look under the cups and stuff there.
He grabbed the doctor by his shoulders and shook him, his wide, dark eyes unblinking on the others face, willing him to understand the graveness of the situation.
It took Watson another 10 minutes before he was finally able to pin the smaller male against a wall and distract him with a kiss enough to strip him out of the remaining brace and his shirt right there...
"You know that I'm not going to leave you for one of those idiots. And I'm certainly not going to leave you for some woman, so just forget about that dream and come back to bed."
Doctor John Watson woke up with a sudden start, rubbing one hand over his tired eyes, and wondered what woke him up in the first place.
But all he got was another sleepy growl of his name before Holmes snuggled more against the male besides him, falling back into deeper slumber without any trouble.
He couldn't help but trace a finger softly over his temple, and down over the freshly shaved cheek, and to a sensitive neck stretched out and vulnerable under his gentle touch.
His grip grew stronger around the arm he was hugging, and Holmes tucked his head into Watson's neck, lightly biting into the skin on the base of his neck, leaving teeth-marks to prove his claim, before licking over the red skin.
Watson looked bemused at the frantic man as he paced up and down before him, making his usual wide gestures, which looked somewhat amusing, seeing as he forgot to close his dressing gown.
"...my Watson..." he mumbled and turned over to his bedmate. With a sigh he snuggled into the warm shoulder under his head before he laid still against the heat of his lover with a deep breath, the dark hair tickling Watson's nose lightly.
Holmes would then scoff at such an unfunded and cruel accusation, drop onto his Tigerskin-rug, and sulk for a while, throwing betrayed puppy eyes over his shoulder every now and then to make sure Watson was still looking at him.
He just likes food to much to pass it up, even if it nearly kills him most of the time, and he spends more time passed out in the corner than he was actually awake and running.
"Keep it, my dear friend, but you have to be quicker if you want to catch me!" he called over his shoulder before he danced away again, now just in his grey trousers and a white shirt that used to be Watson's, very much enjoying the little game with his lover.
Only in the dark of a long and stormy night would that grim times sometimes come back to haunt him, but even that was rare.
But the tension left the smaller man's shoulders as Watson patiently stroked it out of him, speaking in low, soothing tones to the distraught genius.
If he had to be up at this time, and have this conversation with his lover, then he at last wants to sit down doing so, preferable on their warm, comfortable bed.
It took Watson a few moments to remember why he was kissing the stubborn male here, like that, as he blinked down at clouded dark eyes, half closed and full of lust and passion, and the light, rare blush over tanned, un-shaved skin.
When the hell had Holmes grabbed it? One moment ago he was lying in his arms, and now he was hoping around with noting but a gun in his hand.
Just because it's the middle of the night doesn't mean he is save from the mad scientist, after all, and his other human was not always there on time to keep him safe.
And then Blackwood showed up with his stupid grin, and Moriarty! James Moriarty! That arrogant, pompously snob, with his pet assassin Moran!
Yes, the bulldog isn't as stupid as most people believe him to be, he's not an innocent little puppy any more...
With that he leant back onto the bed, his detective snuggled into his chest, with one of Watson's hands around his waist, the other still petting his hair.
Determinately he worked on the curls, tried to pull as little as possible on the dishevelled strands, but with Holmes trying to squirm away it took longer than necessary to untangle and wash it, like always.
So why wasn't he still lying under the warm blankets, sleeping the sleep of the just, instead of being wide awake at this time?
"Yes, just a bad dream, old boy. Not real. Not important. Do you want to tell me what that was about?"
At first he had to chase him through the whole flat, the boxer nimbly jumping over chairs, or crawling under the table, grinning like a madman all the time with his pipe hanging from those kissable, red lips as the doctor limped after him, swearing and cursing much to Holmes' continued amusement.
None of the two could say how long they stayed there, kissing and groping against the wall with the bullet holes, and the dark chemistry burns smelling of fire, but it was long enough for them to get breathless, get their hearts beating wildly, and to forget that the world around them even existed.
Not that that tone had any effect on Watson anymore. And the puppy eyes stopped working on him about one week of meeting the eccentric lunatic, no matter what Holmes liked to think.
So the good doctor had good reason to appreciate and treasure those nights spent in bed more than other people in London's busy streets normally do.
A strong hand grabbed his arm, and a short struggle later Watson joined his lover in the bath, with clothes and all.
He tried to figure out the reason for this unwelcome interruption of his slumber as his eyes slowly adjusted to the dawning light surrounding him.
His all-seeing brown eyes, his brilliant mind, and the fact that there seems to be no filter between his brain and his mouth when deducting or insulting someone, sometimes doing both at the same time, always seem to make him more aloof, older and taller than he really was.
"Oh, on the contrary." Watson smiled determined down at him while rolling the sleeves of his open shirt up to his elbows, and sat down at the edge to help him. And to make sure he doesn't crawl out as soon as his back is turned.
"Limehouse?" I echoed, thinking over my notes. "Father Briggs, the Franciscan we didn't see at the friary? Isn't that where he works?"
Georgiana said, more gently, "I mean that God loves you too, Nicholas. And—and everyone else you love."
This statement left me taken aback. Surely he did not mean to suggest that he intended to deviate from his habitual and time-honoured practice, and lay out the logical path of his deductions for me before the denouement of the case! His next words nonetheless confirmed this theory.
Holmes put his lips to my ear, although there was no one around to overhear us. It was simply something he took every possible opportunity to do. "That was Margaret Donnelly, the maid."
"Isn't that for me to decide, Holmes? And it must indeed be me: he is far more likely to panic at the sight of me than that of anyone else. If you think it will work, then my mind is quite made up. I shall be on the alert, and I certainly shan't let myself be shot. I am not afraid. And we simply cannot allow him to go on terrorising people, as you say he does, if it be in our power to stop him."
"I would like to know exactly how many burglaries there have been in this area since its construction," Holmes said slowly. "I'm not sure how willing the Edinburgh constabulary will be to cooperate with a stranger from England, however. Nevertheless, I plan to make the attempt. You, I know, have not yet answered an invitation from two old friends to spend the afternoon drinking port at a golf club and talking about how you would all play a round, were the weather a little more clement. You should accept the invitation."
"I am a doctor," I wanted to say, but it did not seem to make a great deal of sense, given the present circumstances, so I held my tongue, and let myself slip back down into the welcoming darkness.
Holmes rose to his feet. "Let's see what this young lady's sharp eyes have spotted," he said, earning him a look of overwhelming pride from the young woman in question.
Garner had managed to do that rare thing: to throw Holmes off balance. Holmes covered it very smoothly. I expect I was the only one who noticed.
He smiled faintly. "I wholeheartedly agree. But I find it surprisingly difficult to be rational about anything when it comes to you, my dear."
It was not until that night, when we were installed with two stout policemen in our hiding place in one of Edinburgh's most luxurious town-houses, that Holmes made an oblique reference to our earlier conversation.
I rose to my feet, and lit a candle at the gas lamp to take to my bed, while Holmes banked the fire for the night.
I had wondered if she had hoped her father would hold out the hand of reconciliation. It would have been my hope, under similar circumstances. But there was no hope in her voice, only wariness.
"But that's all sewn up! We've arrested the man responsible, Joshua Wilcott, and there's nothing more to it." Lestrade grimaced. "The business turned out to be a great deal less mysterious than it seemed at first sight. To be frank, Dr Watson, I regretted calling Mr Holmes in."
Father Garner nodded. "That is correct. However, he's certainly not an impostor, if that's what you were thinking, Mr Holmes. I met him once before in Rome."
Instead of being annoyed and disquieted, as I was, Holmes seemed intrigued and almost pleased by something. Before I could challenge him on this, he turned to Mrs Hudson.
"It seems there's more to the matter than we first thought. Holmes speaks of a scandal to rock the foundations of London's banks."
Eurus walked over to Mycroft and placed a hand on his reddened skin, feeling the heat radiating off of it. "Wonderful. You do wonderful work, my love."
Mycroft chuckled softly. His heart already felt lighter just getting out of London. He moved closer to Greg and rested his hand on his knee. "Thank you for this, Gregory."
The little boy didn’t seem convinced. He tried to get down, out of Sherlock’s grip. All he wanted to do was run away and hide.
“Boy!” Sherlock flinched even though the doctor hadn’t even raised his voice. For a man who Sherlock thought was incredibly dull an hour ago, John had surprised him. He didn’t fancy his prospects for the next few hours and John Watson was decidedly not as dull as Sherlock had originally anticipated.
"We'll give them some time, pet," Greg said, noting how Mycroft still looked worried. "If things stay too quiet for too long, we'll check on them. Promise."
The sub didn’t know what to do or say, he had tried to see how the cuffs held him but they were definitely new issue. Very new. Not something Sherlock had come across before. And he couldn’t reach his pocket for his lock pick kit, even if he could work out where the key went.
The courtroom went eerily silent, then it burst out in a buzzing cacophony. The judge pounded his gavel until it quieted again.
Everyone knew Sherlock wasn’t stupid, but they still underestimated him, even his arsehole of a brother. All his life he was underestimated, at school, at university, by his parents, by his brother, it was something he had long since turned to his advantage.
When Greg reappeared with the cock cage John crouched down and began running the pinwheel over his cock. Sherlock tried to fight it immediately, but given the way he was restrained he didn't get far. John ran it along his length several times, top, bottom and sides, then he ran it repeatedly over the head. Jaws clenched and muscles taught, Sherlock tried to ignore it, but his cock jumped at every touch of the pinwheel.
quick. Odd, he wanted to be here? Well things had clearly changed since his last attempt, or even since his first attempt.
The detective made quite the verbal protest, muffled as it was by the gag, but he didn't try to kick out or struggle in his bonds.
As they were hurried down the corridor to their cell, Sherlock pulled away from his guard's grip. "I know the way," he said angrily. "There's no need to put on a show for them, I'm not trying to get away."
The doctor needed more human contact and since Greg was right there, he wrapped himself around him and closed his eyes. He hoped things would be better with Sherlock in the morning.
Sherlock took a step back, stunned. “But Greg was against-” he got cut off by Finn grabbing at his swimming shorts and pulling. The detective had to grab them quickly before exposing himself to the whole beach.
“Good boy.” He kissed his lower back. “But what if I was to…” he trailed off and twisted his finger inside his hole, pushing it in to his second knuckle.
Sherlock felt completely pampered and loved and couldn't be arsed to cause trouble. He didn't need to, he had all of John's attention.
Sherlock kept watching. His excitement increased when the Doctor stepped out of the blue box. It would be interesting to see what he would do with all those soldiers ready to fire at him.
The doctor smiled at the back of his sub's head, knowing he wouldn't be able to see it. His boy really was trying to be good, but John still felt the need to push him just that bit more. The brat had woken them all up stupidly early, then disobeyed him and gone on to blow up the mini lab they had set up for him.
"Piss. Off!" He tried to reach for the cupboard door but John caught his wrist and wedged his foot in the door’s path to stop it closing. The Dom winced at the slam of the wood but Sherlock didn’t feel guilty. He didn’t care. He wanted to be left alone where he could wallow in his misery.
She seemed to be pleased that he didn't respond. It gave her an excuse to grab his cock and twist it. When Sherlock opened his mouth to cry out, she shoved the dildo shaped gag between his teeth and quickly buckled it in place. "There, you're mouth looks especially pretty now."
The Irishman jerked a nod once, hating the way Seb had such control over him. He had managed for so long on his own, after all. “Say goodbye, Sherlock.”
Sherlock had spent half an hour reading through his statement on the cab driver incident and signed it. He'd signed enough of them to know it didn't really mean much unless you were signing a murder confession.
His head shot up and John could see the tears he was trying to fight. He was upset with himself for some reason. “Yes, sir,” he answered.
For several minutes, the Dom stood watching Sherlock kneeling quietly, then he entered the bedroom and crossed over to him. Without thinking about it, John started playing with his boy's curls. "That was good, pet. At least it's a start."
John looked at him in confusion then realised he was still holding the paddle and although the boy's head was low, he was watching him like he would begin the rest of the hits the doctor had originally intended on.
The doctor turned around to face him and looked at him for a while. "We're going to go back to the beginning, like a regular couple. If you want to play, you have to earn the privilege."
The little boy looked at him very seriously for a long moment, then spontaneously kissed him on the cheek. "I love you, Daddy."
The little boy's face lit up and, before he could ask to help, John waved him over. Finn climbed up on the step stool and waited to be told what to do.
“We better get going, Sherlock,” Mycroft said from the door. “Or we won’t be back in time for dinner.”
He fastened one between the sub's knees, then he moved around behind him. John had to move to the side to grant the other Dom access, but he didn't let up the pressure on Sherlock's arm. Greg moved fast and placed the second bar between the sub's ankles.
Sherlock glanced up, the first time he'd looked away from his waffles since they'd been revealed. “No!” He hated that idea. He wasn't
“These are slightly different to the clamps I have used on you once before. They're for long term use.”
Sherlock walked across the room, closely followed by Kate. As he dropped to his knees beside his Dom, Kate did the same beside hers.
Sherlock stepped forward, so he was closer to the man who was leaning against his cab that was pulled up beside the curb.
When no safeword was forecoming, John let the paddle fall, three times in quick succession to grab the boy's attention.
“Oh, we’re done waiting! Look at her, really look! Houston we have a mistake. Get on to Cardiff; find out who Jennifer Wilson’s family and friends were. Find Rachel!”
Tears rolled down his face. He had never found himself missing someone as much as he missed John Watson right now. His arms had lost all the feeling, as all the blood had no doubt flowed down, given the position he had held for so long, but he daren’t move. What felt like only moments later, the leash clicked again, letting loose the leash he had had the night before. Sniffing and trembling even more Sherlock curled himself into a ball once again, ignoring the food and ignoring the rest of the room. John still stood in the doorway. It was nowhere near night time, but Sherlock wouldn’t know that, he would have lost all sense of time by now. He had expected the brat to look up and across at the door; try to escape like he had that first week, but when he just curled up on the floor he decided to make a move towards him.
Sherlock heard John laughing from the bedroom. "Ha ha, John. Ha ha." The detective threw the towels in with the dirty clothes, then entered the bedroom to get dressed himself.
He helped Sherlock up and wrapped the dressing gown around him that was on the back of the door. He ignored the surprised look Sherlock sent his way. Being naked daily at the start of the contract was a rule of John’s, in fact it was a rule of most professional Doms and Doms in general, but that didn’t mean he couldn’t tweak his own rules when comfort was required.
"Kneel up properly. Hands behind your back." He spoke with a sigh and nearly smiled when Sherlock complied instantly, more than grateful to have been told what to do. He waited, holding his breath, for what John would say next.
Sherlock immediately let his head fall to John's lap, but he refused to relax into it. He'd stay there for as long as John wanted, but he'd take no pleasure in it.
“In my house, Sherlock, you follow my rules. For the first few weeks you will ask permission to do everything. You need the bathroom, you ask me. Go to bed? You ask me. Get dressed, if I allow your clothes, that is, you ask me. Is all that understood?”
John was reminded of Sherlock's very first day with him, how long it had taken him to get the stubborn brat to ask himself.
John didn't know how long Sherlock had floated for but it was nearing mid afternoon and he was starving. Sherlock had slept for a few hours, but since hadn't done anything else. He knew he'd have to change the boy's arm position soon, it would become a stressful position to maintain all too quickly.
Slowly, the detective crawled out of his solitude, all his limbs moving shakily, as he struggled to hold himself up.
“Do you fancy some breakfast, Sherlock?” the Dom offered when the younger man looked away, ashamed. Ashamed of what, John didn’t know and he was cautious to demand anything of him this morning, especially something like food which he didn’t particularly enjoy, but he lived in hope.
