Dean disappeared into the bathroom to change, not feeling particularly comfortable changing in front of his cousin, even if she was busy focusing on her work when she wasn’t talking to him. Fist he tried on the very tight pair, having a quick look in the mirror, and realizing that they show off a lot more than he was perhaps comfortable showing off. “What about these then?” He asked Jo as he walked back into the bedroom.
“Dean, we should go inside.”
“Yes. I want it harder and faster.”
“So Dean that day off on Thursday cause Cas was sick??” Bobby questioned his nephew.
“Absolutely. I’ll invite Uncle Bobby and Aunt Ellen as well. I’m pretty sure they would kill me if I didn’t include them.” Dean laughed but he knew that they would actually kill him if he didn’t invite them to hear the news.
“I just wanted to see if he would be alright without me in the shop tomorrow. Cas is not very well so I wanna take him to the doctor and look after him tomorrow.” Dean explained.
“Little?? We are the same age Gabe.” Castiel protested.
Ellen asked him.
“Fuck me.” Castiel said.
“Cas!’
“No problem.”
“So did I.” Castiel said smiling. “It was much better than I expected it to be.”
It was true that Castiel’s apartment probably wasn’t big enough for a baby. It was a small one-bedroom apartment, with a small kitchen/lounge room and one bathroom. When Castiel had graduated college he just wanted a place he could afford that was big enough for him, and this place had been enough, but luckily he was only on a month-to-month lease as he planned to move into a slightly better place once he could afford it. A few months ago Dean had thought this to soon, but now they were having a baby and he couldn’t see a reason not to now. “Cas, what if you move in with me?” Dean asked.
“Congratulations! Can I see the ring?” Sam asked excitedly.
“WE ARE!!!”
“Stop whining you idjit. I’m giving you time off, take it.” At Dean’s silence Bobby looked up to see him looking like he was thinking really hard, potentially trying to solve a really hard equation. “It’s not rocket science boy, why don’t you go visit Sam? Have a night out with him.”
“I wouldn’t dream of it.” Dean responded, slightly scared at the look he was getting from Gabriel, even though the man was a lot smaller than him.
“That’s fine.” Dean said, rather reluctantly handing his son over to the nurse.
“Good. Then we don’t need this if you don’t want to use it.” Dean replied.
This turned Castiel on even more, and he started to pound into Dean as hard and fast as it was physically possible for him to do, making Dean’s eyes roll back into his head and his back arch in pleasure, his fists gripping the sheets so tight it looked like he was going to rip them. He knew that he was not going to last much longer now, the constant stimulation on Dean’s prostate was drawing him closer to orgasm.
“I guess I just always liked the idea of having a little princess to protect from the world. A girl we could dress up in a different way to what we used to do with the boys. Does that make sense?”
He would get replies but for now he was going to ignore them, he wanted to check on Castiel and Jack wanted to see his other dad as well. By the time they got back to the room it had been about an hour since Dean had left, and Castiel was slowly blinking back into consciousness after a short nap, already feeling a little better.
Dean was a little confused about Castiel needing it until it clicked in his head. “Hormones Cas?” He asked. Castiel just nodded., shifting his hips around until he got the right angle screaming when he did. Dean grabbed his hips to help him move easier, and also just to have some part of Castiel to hold onto. Castiel was starting to move quicker, desperate to reach his climax, but the long day and the late hour were clearly creeping up on him, and it looked as though he was starting to struggle to hold himself up.
“Novak-Winchester?” He questioned.
“It’s roughly midnight Dean. Did you fall asleep watching tv?” He asked, grabbing the remote and turning it off.
Dean wasn’t sure if Castiel had chosen the song because he liked it, or because he felt the words really meant something to him, but there were certain words that he really hoped were Castiel’s feelings. Leaning his head forward slightly, he kissed Castiel gently, slowly, hoping to convey some of his own love into it for Castiel to feel, whilst Castiel did the same thing.
“Ohh, I tutor pre-law. That’s my major, I’m taking this class as an elective, something to give me a slight break from all the law subjects.”
“How long is the class? Maybe I could just hang here and wait for you.” Dean suggested.
“Ewww Dean, I didn’t need to know that.” Jo complained, making Dean and Ellen laugh at her.
“I love you to Cas.”
“I have no problem with it Cas, in fact I love it. But are you sure you want it that way around?” Dean asked.
“Hi Castiel.” Dean finally said when he managed to speak again.
“Cas.” Dean groaned slightly. “If you keep that up, we aren’t going to make it to dinner.”
Dean just grumbled slightly as he turned back to the mirror to continue his struggle, not even slightly surprised when Castiel was suddenly standing directly behind him, his hands snaking around Dean to knock his hands away from his still messed up tie to fix it himself.
“Okay, let’s get through the next one then we’ll get you to the car.” But it didn’t wait a full minute for the next contraction, and Castiel squeezed Dean hand as hard as was possible, staring into his eyes as Dean helped him breath through this contraction. Once the pain subsided, Dean maneuvered Castiel till he had an arm under his shoulders and helped him up off the floor, moving his arm down to his waist when he was standing, and taking the phone that Crowley handed out to him. Bela placed herself under Castiel other arm to help walk him to the elevator, there was no way he was getting down seven flights of stairs right now. As they waited Crowley spoke.
I get to love you
Unlike when they were expecting Jack, this time they had talked about names before the baby was born and had both a girl name and a boy name ready. They had agreed on Kevin if it was a boy, and Charlie if it was a girl. The nurse overheard them as she was filling out the baby’s paperwork.
“Night Dean.” Castiel said, one arm wrapped around Dean and the other placed on top of Dean on his abdomen. They soon drifted off to sleep, sleeping soundly until Jack woke them up the following morning.
“I’m on a date Gabe.” Castiel said stiffly.
“Nice to meet you. I’m Jody Mills, estate agent.” She said, shaking Castiel’s hand as well. “I have three houses for you today and hopefully we can find your future home. If you like we can head out now and I can show you houses.”
“What the hell Dean?”
“Sam Winchester, would you mind staying behind for a minute?” Castiel asked.
Dean just shook his head lightly. “Nah, don’t worry about it man. How are you doing in that area? Anyone caught your interest?” Dean asked, once again shifting the attention back to Sam, and this time Sam bushed. “Sammy, what aren’t you telling me?”
In the next second Dean found himself lying flat on the bed, Castiel draped over him as they made out, griding their erections together. Somehow Dean managed to get a hand between them, enough to pop the buttons on both their jeans and push the zippers down. With a bit of work, they managed to get their pants down far enough to kick them off without having to move or stop making out. Once they were just in their underwear the feeling of their griding was intensified. Wanting to get to the next part, Castiel moved off of Dean and took his underwear off while Dean stretched towards the nightstand and grabbed some lube out. When he leaned back Castiel grabbed his underwear and pulled them down Dean’s legs. Meanwhile Dean was rubbing some lube onto his fingers and once Castiel had moved back within reached, stretched one hand around to his entrance and teased it lightly with one finger
Dean actually appeared to blush. “Uhh, no one in particular.”
Castiel leaned in and kissed Dean, not tentatively to start, but hot and dirty, making his intentions very clear as he pushed himself against Dean, gripping his waist hard. Dean wrapped one arm around Castiel’s waist, his other hand going straight to Castiel’s hair. Moving very slowly, Dean pushed off the counter and guided Castiel through the apartment and into his bedroom, never breaking the kiss the whole time, until he reached his room, kicking the door closed behind him, he moved his head back enough to break the kiss, and to allow himself a moment to breathe, Castiel still pressed tight against him, Dean’s hands now on Castiel’s waist and Castiel’s hands on Dean’s upper arms. “Do you want me Cas?” Dean whispered.
“I’m pretty sure we have both had enough practice.”
“We can afford the extra $15,000 Dean.” Castiel said calmly.
Dean pulled back from the kiss and looked straight into Castiel’s eyes. “I think I may have already figured out one part of the wedding planning.”
“If sex with you is always like that, then I plan on keeping you around forever.” Dean said.
“Alright, one tiramisu with two spoons and two coffees. Is that all?” Ruby asked as she finished writing down what they wanted.
Dean simply smiled at Castiel as a reply, hoping to make him feel a little better. At that moment the lights went down and the movie started to play. About half way through Dean decided to try his luck with the oldest move in the book, yawning and dropping his left arm around Castiel’s shoulders. Dean could make out a small smile appear on Castiel’s face at this, and about five minutes later he responded by placing his hand just above Dean’s knee.
Dean smiled, he wasn’t really one for dancing but for Castiel he had always been happy to make an exception. “There’s no music.” He teased though. He didn’t like to make it too easy for him.
“I could never get sick of you.” Castiel said, sliding his hand across the table to grab Dean’s. Castiel was all ready to blurt out his little secret whilst looking into Dean’s deep green eyes, when their waitress arrived at the table. Once upon a time Dean would have pulled his hand away but now he just squeezed a little tighter before shifting his gaze to look at the waitress.
Dean and Castiel had been together for a little bit over a year now. Castiel had only graduated college a few months ago, when he moved into his current apartment. Upon graduating Dean had considered asking Castiel if he wanted to move in with him, after all he made a pretty good salary at the garage and had a place that was definitely big enough for two people, but at that time they had only been together about 8 months, and so he had been worried it had been too soon. Somehow through the shock, he was now regretting that decision.
“Cas?” He gently encouraged, wrapping his arms even tighter around Castiel, making sure he could feel Dean’s reassurance. He needed to know what was wrong so he could fix it.
“Felt like it.” Dean shrugged.
Using his strength Dean hooked his hands behind Castiel’s legs and hoisted him up. Moving quickly Dean walked them over to the bed as Castiel wrapped his legs around Dean to keep himself up, their lips meeting again. They both kissed each other deeply, opening their mouths to allow tongues to explore. Dean moaned loudly when Castiel started to suck on his tongue before threw Castiel back on the bed, watching him bounce a couple times before he settled. Castiel wiggled around until he was lying comfortably with his head on the pillows, watching Dean as he shrugged out of his shirt, keeping eye contact with Castiel the entire time. Once his shirt was gone Castiel pushed himself up into a sitting position and beckoned to Dean with one finger.
“I’ll call him today and see, he might have tutoring though. Now that’s all worked out though, I am calling the doctor about you. Right now.” Dean kissed Castiel lightly and got up to get the doctors phone number, finding out he had a free appointment in an hour and booking it. They got Jack up from his nap as they were about to leave, making sure he had gotten as long a nap as possible, grabbing the bag that Dean had taken to daycare with him earlier as well, it was still packed with everything they might need. Castiel locked up behind them as Dean started to walk down the building stairs to the car and got Jack situated in his car seat.
“Yes, it sounds delicious. This is a nice place.” Castiel commented as his eyes returned to wondering around the room.
“Yesterday. I did a home test a few days ago, then made an appointment with the doctor. I didn’t want to say anything until I knew for sure, but I was too scared to go on my own, so Sam took me.” Castiel explained. He still refused to look at Dean, so he couldn’t see the emotions that were playing across Dean’s face.  “If you don’t want another kid I’d understand, we certainly hadn’t planned this, but I really want to keep it.”
“That’s all thanks. Ohh you can bring the bill with the coffee as well.”
“Dean!”
“Cas, you need to talk to me man. What’s wrong?” Dean asked, getting very concerned.
“That is your choice Sam, you don’t have to come around 3-5 times a week. Anyway, can I talk to you for a minute before we go?” Dean asked, nodding his head towards the kitchen and looking suddenly very nervous. Dean headed into the kitchen, knowing that his brother would be right behind him as soon as he had put the kids back on their feet, Castiel would then make sure they knew the rules about how to behave while Sam looked after them. As soon as both brothers were in the kitchen Sam looked back to check that Castiel was indeed occupied with their sons before turning back to Dean.
Dean moved closer to Castiel on the couch and wrapped him up in his arms, feeling Castiel relax against him as his own arms moved to wrap around Dean, his face pressed into Dean’s neck. “We are going to make this work, just like we did last time. We know what we are doing now, it won’t be as hard as last time. But the first thing we are doing is exactly what we did last time, we are making an appointment and having a doctor double check those test results to make sure.” As much as they hadn’t been planning on another child, at least not yet anyway, Dean was a lot calmer this time around, and was hoping that by staying that way he would be able to help keep Castiel calm about it as well.
“Well, after the shock of yesterday I didn’t think I would sleep so well. I don’t even remember making it to my bed.”
“That’s fine, there’s no shame in that. Childbirth can be very painful. I would also like to check that you are not allergic to any medications or drugs of any kind? Right now everything looks good, but just in case we need to perform an emergency C-section we need to know if there is anything we can’t give you.”
“We are having a lamb pot roast. Is that okay?” Dean asked on the end, realising he had never checked if there was anything in particular that Castiel didn’t eat.
“I’m fine Dean.” Castiel said, putting a smile on his face to try and calm Dean down.
“What do you want to do to me Cas?” Dean purred into Castiel’s ear. He was so turned on already that he was finding it hard to concentrate and not get distracted, he was also hoping that Castiel understood what he meant, that Dean wanted Castiel to be the one fucking him.
“Yeah.” Gabriel agreed. “You’re going to make me sick if I have to watch that.”
“Dean.” He heard a weak call from the area of Castiel’s desk and rushed over. When he came into sight he noticed a scowl on Castiel’s face. “What the hell took you so long, you work five minutes from here.”
“I know, but I wanna see it on Cas’s finger.” Sam stated.
“Shit.” He heard muttered quietly inside
“Good afternoon everyone. As you can probably tell, Professor Harris is away today, he isn’t well, so I will be taking this class for him. I will also be taking next weeks classes for him as well, as he will be out for the week, so the homework that was due today I won’t collect just yet. I will allow some more time so for anyone who wants to hand it in today if they have completed it, can do so after class, for everyone else, you will have until Tuesday to get it finished. Now before we start the lecture does anyone have any questions about the last class, or about any pending assignments or homework?”
The next day around 1:00pm Dean and Castiel were allowed to take Kevin home. They were not expecting to see anyone that day, so it was a shock when they got home an there were multiple cars in front of the house. As they walked through the front door they saw a banner that said ‘CONGRATULATIONS, IT’S A BOY’, and received a loud chorus of greetings from their family who were all excited to meet the new addition.
Castiel put his hand under Dean’s chin, and gently raised his head till he was able to look into his deep green eyes. “I really like you too, and I’ll be around for as long as you want me Dean.”
“What do you mean?” Castiel asked confused by what Dean was talking about.
“Yes. I used to volunteer in a birthing class. I can help you until Dean gets here.” Bela knelt down next to him on the floor and took his other hands, watching for cues of the next contraction and helping him to breath through it, breathing in time with him so he had something to focus on. In between the contractions he tried to catch his boss up on what he had gotten through for the day, but Crowley merely shrugged him off.
“So does that mean you’re buying the house?” Jody asked, having silently watched them up until now.
“Oh yeah. And what’s that?” Castiel asked.
“Jessica. I was thinking of maybe asking her out, but I’m not sure.”
“Well, what am I supposed to do all afternoon then? I have nothing else on today.” Dean complained. If anyone else complained like this to their boss about finishing early probably wouldn’t get off as easily as Dean could, but that was a perk to having your uncle as your boss.
“I-I'm pregnant Dean.” Castiel finally stuttered out, no longer able to speak anymore with the power of the sobs wracking his entire body so hard that he was actually moving in Dean’s arms.
“I’m okay Cas, you just sit and get comfortable. Grab a beer and relax.”
“Gabe. What are you doing here?” Castiel asked as a man run over and wrapped his arms around Castiel, Castiel reluctantly hugging back after a moment and a squeeze from the smaller man.
Gabriel held his hand out and Dean shook it politely. “Nice to meet you.”
“What?” Dean asked.
Castiel extricated himself from Dean’s arms and walked over to his phone, where other random songs were playing now, and picked it up turning off the music before walking back to Dean. “It’s getting quite late, should we go home?” At the mention of home Dean saw a slight heat enter Castiel’s eyes and couldn’t help it when his answer came out sounding more like a growl than a normal word.
“It is now. So do you have any plans this weekend?”
“Soon buddy, they’re both sleeping now.” He tried to explain, but Jack didn’t look happy. “Alright, we can see your brother through the nursery window, is that alright?”
Dean just nodded, turning his gaze towards the door to watch the other students as a few more rushed in just before the class was supposed to start. One student in particular caught Dean’s eye. He was standing next to the door, on his phone, facing away from the room. From what Dean could see he was built nicely, lithe, although it was a little hard to tell properly from what he was wearing, which appeared to be a slightly too big for him suit. It almost looked as though he had perhaps borrowed the suit from someone else who was obviously bigger than him. As the guy was still on the phone, Dean turned back to Sam with a question about the class.
“Well yeah, when you graduated college and were looking for a place I considered asking you to move in, I only didn’t because I didn’t want you to freak out about moving to fast or anything. So when the baby came along and you had your little freak out, I didn’t even think about it, just asked.”
Dean was shocked that Castiel had been able to push him from the door to the bed without him even noticing that he was moving. He was a lot quicker than Castiel though, and before the younger man could nudge Dean down onto the bed, Dean quickly spun them around and pushed Castiel down. He liked the sight he saw in front of him. Castiel landed spread eagled on Dean’s bed, and the sight made his erection grow even further until it was straining uncomfortably against his jeans. Not wanting to wait much longer, Dean stared into Castiel’s eyes to gauge his reaction as Dean slowly pulled his shirt off, followed by his jeans, giving his erection some more room, which relieved some of his uncomfortableness. Once he was left in just his underwear, Dean crawled onto his bed, crawling up Castiel’s body until he was straddling his hips.
Dean sits up slightly, enough so that he can look into Castiel’s eyes as he talks. “Hey, I’m not complaining. If that’s what you need, then it’s what I’ll do.”
“The song for our first dance. I think we should have this one.”
Castiel talked about his family, how he had two brothers, one was his twin and the other was older. His twin Gabriel was at the same college as Castiel, studying art, whereas his older brother Michael owns his own business, and Castiel himself was studying English literature with the hopes of working for a publisher after graduation, maybe even writing a book of his own. Even though he was close to his brothers, he was much closer to his cousin Anna. Dean talked about his family to, glossing over Sam as Castiel already knew him, talking about how his parents had passed away when he was in high school in a car accident, how he had then lived with his uncle Bobby, and Aunt Ellen who had gotten married when he was eight, and how Ellen’s Daughter and Bobby’s stepdaughter Jo was one of his favorite people in the world. He talked about how he had never gone to college after high school but had gotten a full-time job at his uncle’s garage where he had already been working part time since he was about 15. Castiel told Dean all about his job as a TA and his current classes, somehow finding a way to make it all sound more interesting to Dean, and Dean in turn described some of his daily life as a mechanic which Castiel seemed very interested in. They even discussed what to do after dinner and agreed on a movie to watch. By the time they had finished their dinner and paid the bill, something they fought over for about five minutes before Castiel gave in and allowed Dean to pay it on the promise that he would be the one to pay for the movie, they both appeared to be having a great time, no awkwardness present at all. Until they arrived at the movie theatre that is.
“Sorry. Need it so bad” Castiel started rocking his hips, slowly rising up and then falling back down again. He felt like he was being split open, but it was exactly what he needed.
“Yeah, every time we’ve seen you two together for the past month he’s been very touchy feely with you. More so than he normally is.”
Castiel squeezed Dean’s hand so hard he thought a few of his fingers may be broken, but Dean didn’t complain, and screamed as one final contraction slammed through his body, and a moment later a small cry broke the air to announce the arrival of their child. Castiel sagged back against the bed, his grip on Dean loosening as the relief that it was over washed through him. The doctor asked Dean if he wanted to cut the umbilical cord, and Dean didn’t want to let go of Castiel’s hand, but he also didn’t want to miss the chance to have this experience either. He wanted to cut the cord. After the cord was cut, Castiel tried to sit up, but his body was so weak that he couldn’t hold himself up, so Dean slid behind him on the bed, allowing Castiel to sit up but with Dean there to lean against. Only a minute later the nurse had finished cleaning the baby up and walked over to them with their tiny little human wrapped in a blanket.
Dean walked to the kitchen to grab some plates and start putting the food on them when he felt arms wrap around his waist from behind, a kiss placed low on his neck. “Thank you Dean.”
“Why didn’t you show us this house sooner?” Dean asked. “It was in the same area as the other two we saw today.”
“Absolutely. He will love it, no need to freak out Dean.”
“Cas?”
She said, smiling almost wickedly
“Surprisingly I did.” Castiel replied.
“Oh, I thought this was a freshman dorm.” Dean said.
The two finally fell asleep together after discussing a few more baby things and also agreeing that they wouldn’t bother starting to plan a wedding just yet, maybe closer towards the end of Castiel’s pregnancy they would start planning things. Of course when they did start planning Sam and Gabriel appeared even more excited than they did about everything, and in the end planned most of it for them. About a month later when Dean and Castiel went to an ultrasound appointment the doctor asked if they wanted to know the sex of their baby. They both said yes instantly, and Dean started to cry when the doctor said that they were having a girl.
Castiel continued to thrust into Dean at a slow and steady pace, and when Dean moved his hips to try and get Castiel even deeper his cock pressed against Dean’s prostate as Castiel thrust back into him. Dean gasped out loud at the sheer pleasure that shot through him.
“Need a hand?”
“Castiel.” Sam said as a greeting to let him know he was there.
“You had?” Castiel asked.
“Well so is having a baby Cas, and we are already doing that.” Dean said. “I have the room at my place. I have two bedrooms so we can make the second one a nursery, and we don’t have to worry about you breaking your lease as its month to month. It will also be easier on you financially too, even if we decided to split the rent and bills it will still be cheaper for you than living here alone. What do you say?”
“Okay, can I ask why you decided to?” Gabriel probed further. As much as he liked Dean and was glad that his brother was happy, he couldn’t help feeling that maybe they were only doing it because of the baby, not because they actually wanted to.
Dean laughed. “He is like that when pregnant. I swear as soon as the hormones kick in he can’t keep his hands off me.”
“Yes.”
Castiel’s eyes seem to get brighter, and a big smile spread across his face. “Yes Dean, I would love to.”
As they drove to the fancy little Italian restaurant in town Dean couldn’t stop his hands from shaking, so he kept them both clamped tightly on the steering wheel, the ring box suddenly feeling like it weighed a ton in his pocket. As though Castiel knew exactly what Dean was feeling, which was possible, he had placed his hand on Dean’s knee and was soothingly rubbing little circles to try and calm him down.
“A-about ten minutes I think.” Castiel replied.
“You know, I should have noticed Cas was pregnant.” Ellen said casually as she handed Dean a few bowls of food to put in the fridge.
“I’ve been saving money since I started working in high school in a separate bank account, and since you moved in and we started splitting all living costs, I have been able to put a little more away each week than I was before. I have quite a lot in that account and it’s enough for a large deposit. I have been looking at some houses recently and was going to say something in a few weeks, but I guess now is as good a time as any.”
Jo was shrieking through the phone so loud that Dean had to pull it away from his ear before the high frequency made him deaf.
“You’re studying pre-law aren’t you?” Dean asked.
“We will be fine Cas, you, me and Jack. We’ll be a perfect little family.” Dean said.
When they entered the first thing they saw was the staircase positioned directly opposite the door, a small hall leading past the stairs to the back of the house. To their immediate left there was a large living area with an intricate white stone fireplace and ample room for a family to play together. Past that was a small office next to a laundry with enough space for a washing machine, a dryer and a large cupboard. There was also a small powder room that would be perfect for guest use. To the immediate right of the front door was a large dining room and even larger kitchen. Castiel stared at the kitchen with a look of amazement. It was everything he wanted in a kitchen. Lots of bench space, room for a dishwasher, and a double oven, with a small sized walk-in pantry in the back corner. Under the stairs was a very spacious cupboard for storage, with some shelving as well. Upstairs the master bedroom had its own ensuite and even a walk-in robe, all three areas being quite spacious. There were three other bedrooms upstairs as well, each also spacious but not quite as big as the master bedroom. Jody even showed them the attic which had enough room to be used as either storage or even had the potential for renovations to make it another room. By the time they got to viewing the backyard Dean and Castiel were both falling in love with the house, but the backyard closed the deal for them. There was a outdoor entertaining area, followed by an decent sized area of grass, and in the oak tree in the corner sat a tree house. As soon as they set foot outside Jack started trying to wriggle his way free of Castiel’s arms, and ran to the grass to run and play, pointing excitedly at the tree house.
“Maybe later, let him sleep now.”
“That would depend on what dessert is.” Castiel threw back, his voice dripping with the same sexy tones that Dean was using.
Sam, Bobby, Ellen, Gabriel, and Michael all stared down at Jack in amazement, taking turns holding him.
“I can’t help it. I don’t know why it happens.” Castiel says, sounding embarrassed.
“It mostly is. The top floor is senior’s though.”
“So you didn’t add in my wages?”
“Well, there is a girl in one of my classes. I study with her. She’s really cute.” Sam said.
“Right, I forgot to give it to you. There’s one in the kitchen for you. Anyway, welcome home Cas!” Dean said, smiling at his boyfriend and pulling him into his arms for a kiss. Their kiss quickly got heated, and they went to bed to continue what Castiel had tried to start at the diner at lunch.
“Fine, you know where the spare room is.”
“Why not? Worst thing that can happen is she says no, it’s awkward for a little bit but then you move past it.” Dean advised.
“So how does this work? Do you just sit here for two and a half hours and listen to some old guy talk?” Dean asked.
Dean and Castiel met Sam and Jack at the park and spent a fun afternoon as a family, they even convinced Gabriel, Michael, Bobby, and Ellen to join them as well. It was the most enjoyable Saturday afternoon that they had spent together in a while, and Castiel was very tempted to tell them all his and Dean’s news, both about the baby and looking for a house, but he didn’t. That night Dean stayed home with Jack whilst Castiel worked, helping Gabriel with his catering event. The event was going to run late, so once Dean had put Jack to bed for the night he potted around the apartment cleaning up Jack’s toys and sorting some laundry that needed to be done the following day in the apartment building’s laundry room. As he put Jack’s dirty clothes in a bag Dean chuckled to himself. A few years ago he never would have imagined himself home on a Saturday night cleaning up and sorting laundry, but here he was with a partner a son and another child on the way. How things had changed. It was only around 9:00 when he finished, so Dean quite literally flopped down onto the couch and started to surf the channels looking for something good to watch, eventually settling on a random movie and paying very little attention to it. Before long he fell asleep, not waking again until he was gently shaken awake by Castiel.
“Ohh yeah. And why is that?” Dean questioned, taking the bowls with a small smile of thanks and placing them on a shelf in the fridge.
“Boy or girl?” Jack asked excitedly.
“Is there anything I can do for you?” Dean asked when the contraction was done. He felt pretty helpless right now, it’s not like he could take Castiel’s pain away.
Dean maneuvered Castiel out of his bed and into the bathroom, turning the shower on and making sure it is nice and warm. Somehow they managed another round whilst they were in the shower, Castiel taking Dean as he was pressed against the tile wall. When they finally made it out of the shower all the hot water was gone. Dean headed to the kitchen to start some coffee and figure out breakfast. He had the ingredients for pancakes, so he quickly whipped up a batch as Castiel was getting dressed in the bedroom. When Castiel emerged Dean was at the stove cooking, his back to the bedroom, he didn’t even realise that Castiel had entered the kitchen until he felt hands wrapping around his waist.
“I’m sorry to interrupt, but do you have a name yet?” She asked kindly, watching them with a small smile that showed she clearly loved her job and seeing the families together after a new life was bought into the world.
Dean smiled and laughed lightly. “I’m actually a pretty good cook. I honestly just can’t be bothered most of the time. I am glad that you like it though.”
“Is it okay if have a look inside the tree house?” Dean asked Jody, smiling when she assured him it was fine and moving across the yard to help Jack up to the top.
“Congratulations, you have a son.” She said as she placed the baby in Castiel’s arms.
“Alright, no need to get angry Cassie, I’ll leave you two alone. Have a nice night, ohh and Dean, don’t hurt my brother or you’ll have me to deal with.” Gabriel warned.
“If you want to, then yes.” Dean said.
“Well, what is it that makes you think about him? Anything in particular that keeps your attention?” Sam was hoping that now he was talking, his probing wouldn’t cause Dean to shut down and retreat into himself the way he normally did when Sam tried to talk to him about feelings.
“Just listen okay?” Once Dean nodded he continued. “There was a smell that made me sick at the deli, which felt familiar and made me realise something. So I stopped at the store before coming home and had only been back a few minutes before you got here.” He started to fiddle with his hands in his lap, nervous to say the next part and in the end grabbed what he had shoved in his pocket before leaving the bathroom and gave it to Dean.
“Thank you Dean.” Castiel said, wrapping his arms around Dean’s waist and placing his head on his shoulder. “I feel like I should ask how you are this morning.”
“Come on Cas, sex in a car is hot.”
“I hadn’t thought about it. I guess I don’t mind as long as it’s healthy. Do you have a preference?” Castiel asked, genuinely curious. This was a question that had never come up with previous pregnancies.
“Good, cause I want you around forever.”
“Of course, I am happy to read it and provide some feedback. I’m actually pretty sure you are the only student who has even started it yet.” Castiel smiled at Sam as he said that. And of course Dean had to laugh quietly at his nerd of a little brother. Unfortunately he didn’t laugh quietly enough, and Castiel turned his eyes to Dean. “I don’t think I have seen you in this class before. Are you new?” He asked.
“Well do you remember when my grandfather passed away when I was still in college, he left me a inheritance. It’s enough for me to cover the extra money for the house and still have some left over. We can get the house Dean.” Castiel smiled, and saw Dean answer with his own smile, leaning in to kiss Castiel lightly.
“Well maybe you can text me and we can work something out.” Castiel suggested.
Dean made an expression of fake horror. “What? I can’t treat you right on our anniversary?” He asked, pretending to be insulted and making Castiel laugh.
“Come here.”
“Does that feel good baby?”
Listening intently to the words, Dean moved his hand that was holding Castiel’s down to his waist and pulled him tight against him, Castiel’s other hand moving so that he had both of his looped around Dean’s neck, and they swayed in small circles together.
Everyone at the table laughed very loud at that. They all decided as it was a special occasion to order dessert, but before it arrived a waitress passed their table with another table’s main course and Castiel felt his stomach lurch. He jumped up and ran to the bathroom.
“Hi Dean. I didn’t know you were home. Hey Jack!” Castiel said, reaching out to take their son in his arms. “Someone looks like he is ready for a nap.” Castiel moved forward into Dean’s space to place a light kiss on his lips before moving past him and walking to Jack’s room to put their son in his crib for his nap. Neither spoke as Castiel did this, waiting until they were back in the living room before anything was said.
“Shut up.” Dean said, shoving Sam slightly as he was about to sit in his seat, making him miss and hit the edge of the seat next to him instead. Sam was laughing at Dean so much he didn’t even care, just righted himself and tried to stop laughing.
The next morning Dean when about his usual morning routine for a Saturday morning. He made breakfast when he had finally dragged himself out of bed, which was basically just a protein shake, and headed to the gym. Sam would always tease him about getting fat because of the way he ate, but as much as Dean was definitely quite a bad eater at times, he did still take care of his body through supplements and working out. After about a three-hour gym session Dean headed home for a shower and to pick out what he was going to wear for the night. That was where Dean got stuck. He hadn’t been out on a proper date in years and had absolutely no idea what he was supposed to wear. In the in he gave up and decided to call his cousin Jo for help. She answered almost immediately.
Castiel pulled back from Dean far enough to look at his face. “What do you mean?”
“You didn’t. You fell asleep on me on the couch, so I carried you to bed. I thought about leaving you on the couch, but I figured you’d be more comfortable in bed.” Dean explained, turning to face Castiel and sliding some eggs onto a plate for him.
“Come here.”
“There is really not much you can do. Thank you though.” Castiel said sincerely. He was very lucky to have a kind, considerate boss who strived to make sure his employees were always happy and comfortable at work. A thought occurred to him though. “Ohh, unless anyone here knows how to coach breathing.”
“Wow, good choice.” Sam said, surprised his brother had actually picked out a really good ring.
Dean crawled back up Castiel’s body to kiss him after hearing Castiel’s words. “I love you to Cas.”
This caught Dean’s attention, and not just because it was so loud there was no way to ignore it, for two reasons. One: Castiel never swore except during sex, and Two: Castiel never screamed, even when fighting with Dean. Dean could be screaming at him, and he still wouldn’t scream back.
“It’s from 3 – 5:30. You would have to wait 2 and a half hours for me.”
Two days later it is Saturday, and Dean and Castiel are meeting their brothers and Dean’s Aunt and Uncle for dinner to tell them about the baby and that they were going to be moving in together. Castiel was extremely nervous, much more nervous than Dean. His two brothers were very protective of him after all, so he was terrified of how they might react. As there was the possibility for bad reactions they had decided a public setting was a good choice, that way their family had to at least keep some semblance of good behavior but had picked a place that was normally not very busy so that if things didn’t go well there were less people around to see it. Dean and Castiel had arrived first, and Castiel was bouncing his leg almost obsessively as Dean held his hand, trying to calm him down. They hadn’t said that they needed to tell them anything, so their families just thought that they were having a nice dinner for a catch up and nothing else.
“I said shut up Sammy. I can get my own dates, don’t need my little brothers help.”
“Absolutely.” Dean said, smiling for a moment before his smile faltered. “Have you changed your mind about keeping the baby Cas?” He asked, feeling sick to his stomach at the thought of Castiel wanting to get rid of their baby, but knowing that if it was what Castiel really wanted then he would support him and say nothing else about it.
“Just some coffee would be great.”
Castiel let go of his hand and walked up the steps, pulling his phone out of his pocket as he went and scrolling through his music until he found the song he was looking for. Pressing play he turned the volume as loud as possible and placed his phone on the railing before turning back towards Dean again.
“That’s going to be a hard choice, might need to think about it.” Castiel winked, causing Dean to laugh.
Dean had seen the message and replied asking Castiel what was wrong, but he had received no answer. He sent a second message asking what was wrong as he stood next to Bobby, discussing the next day’s work whilst Bobby locked the door, but he got no answer. By now he was starting to freak out a little bit. Castiel never took this long to reply to his messages. Saying goodnight to his uncle, Dean walked briskly to his car, dialing Castiel’s number as he went. No answer. He tried calling three more times, all with no answer before he drove out of the parking lot and started to drive towards Castiel’s apartment, breaking every speed limit between the two places and praying he didn’t get caught.
Overall it was a good first date, and Dean was quietly confident that Castiel would want to go out again. Dean certainly wanted to see Castiel again. They held hands the entire drive back to the dorm building Castiel lived in, and Dean walked him all the way up to his room on the fifth floor. Castiel looked a little like he wanted to invite Dean inside, but Dean didn’t want to push it to far too fast, and the slight hesitation that Castiel had made Dean sure that he was also not sure about pushing things to fast. Instead Dean spoke.
“Practicing for the new baby already?” He joked, and Dean laughed as well.
Dean’s face split into the biggest smile possible as he pulled the ring from the box and slipped it onto Castiel’s finger before reaching up placing his hand on Castiel’s cheek. Castiel was the one to lean forward and seal their lips together, kissing Dean as though his life depended on it. When they broke apart they noticed some of the tables closest to them were clapping, having overheard the proposal. They didn’t speak much as they finished the dessert, the coffee all but forgotten and paid the bill. As they were leaving they both had an arm around each other’s waist right up until they reached the car, where Dean opened the door for Castiel to get in before walking around to get into the car himself. Just as Dean started the car Castiel spoke.
Jo asked.
“I’m gonna spoil that kid so much, it had better have a sweet tooth just like it’s uncle.” Gabriel said.
“Cas, what does this have to do with anything?” He asked skeptically.
“Sam. I have been quite impressed with your work so far this semester. I was wondering if you were interested in potentially tutoring one or two students that are struggling a little bit with the class.”
Castiel could feel the smile that spread across Dean’s face when he mentioned a girl. “Why is that?”
“Ohh fuck Cas!” Dean gasped, suddenly encased in such a tight, hot space. “Give a guy some warning.”
Over the next two weeks Dean and Castiel started to pack up their apartment into boxes and spoke to their landlord about there planned move and their current lease. Their landlord allowed them to sublet the place until the end of the lease, then their contract would be up, and the person subletting would have the option to take up the lease. This took some worry away from them, and even finding someone to sublet was a lot more simply than they had thought it would be. Castiel’s twin brother Gabriel was currently looking for a place as his lease on his current place would be up soon and he was having issues with his neighbours. A week after all this they got the news from both the bank and Jody that the deal was complete, and the house was officially there’s. This led to them telling their families about buying a house, and then allowed them to talk to Gabriel about their apartment, telling him that he was welcome to sublet it and if he wanted to continue living there was welcome to take over the lease.
“Dean!! Right there!” Castiel gasped when Dean found his prostate, taking care to keep the angle the same so he could hit it on every trust.
When they were finally allowed to leave the hospital Dean and Castiel headed straight home, settling a sleeping Jack into his crib. Standing at the bedroom door watching him sleep, Dean stood behind Castiel, his arms wrapped around his waist.
“What’s her name?” Dean asked excitedly.
“Sure. Just text me which park and we’ll meet you there.”
Dean only had a second to prepare himself before Castiel gripped his hips so tight it was like his fingers had become a vice and started moving a whole lot faster and pounding into him, with every thrust still pushing against that perfect spot inside him. Castiel could tell from the look on Dean’s face, and the exceedingly loud noises spilling from his mouth, that he was starting to get close, his untouched cock leaking pre-cum all over his stomach, and he wanted to touch his cock, but just as he made contact Dean slapped his hand away. Castiel looked down at him a little confused about why he had done that.
“Winchester.” Dean said to the hostess.
“Ohh, I have the homework here actually.” Sam quickly rifled through his bag and handed Castiel some sheets of paper. “I also have my first draft of the assignment almost finished. I will finish it tomorrow, would it be okay if I emailed a copy to you for some feedback before I start the final copy?”
“Uhh yeah, umm in the top draw.” Dean was finding it hard to concentrate on words, he was busy staring at Castiel now that there was nothing in the way of his view. His main focus was on Castiel’s groin. He was a lot bigger than Dean would have guessed, but he had no problem with that. He was pretty certain he was going to be sore the next day, but he also knew it would be worth it. Castiel moved off Dean once again and leaned out to reach the draw, grabbing the lube and condom’s that Dean kept in there. Castiel hesitated for a moment when he looked at the condom. “Are you clean?” Dean asked quickly, hoping Castiel wouldn’t think it was too personal a question.
“Do you have what we need?” Castiel asked, a little breathlessly, his excitement making him feel like he was already close to finishing without Dean having even touched him.
“Novak-Winchester?” Gabriel questioned, as he watched Sam happily smiling down at his nephew as he cradled him gently, reaching out his own arms to get his own hold of his new nephew.
Dean and Castiel shared a look before they turned to Jody. “Do you have the details on this house?”
“Well I guess that is a good way to get a day to yourself.” Dean agreed.
Dean did laugh a little, hoping it would put a wider smile on Castiel’s face. “I think it’s a bit late for a shotgun wedding.” He was relieved when Castiel did smile wider, even managed a small chuckle. Thinking quickly, Dean reached into his pants pocket and pulled out a hankie to wipe Castiel’s face of his tears. This made Castiel actually laugh.
“What do you want Cas?” He asked, as he felt Castiel wind one arm around his waist, the hand of his other resting over the hand that Dean had on his stomach.
“Thanks Sam.” Castiel replied, blushing slightly as he put some trash out.
“Bye Jack.” Dean also said.
Castiel simply nodded as another contraction hit him and he felt he couldn’t speak. The doctor waited till it was over to speak again himself. “I can see your partner paid a lot of attention in birth class, you’re doing a great job there Mr. ….” He quickly checked the file again to find Dean’s name. “Winchester. I just need to do a quick examination now to see how far dilated you are Mr. Novak. I do apologise beforehand, a lot of patients find this to be quite invasive, but it is a necessity so that I know where you are at in your labor. Is that okay?”
“Shit Dean, my apartment isn’t big enough for a baby. What am I going to do?” He asked when they had started to write out a list of the things that they would need to buy.
“Jack somehow guessed what was happening when I picked him up instead of you. He’s been driving me nuts.” She laughed and Dean joined in.
All in all the night had gone a lot better than either Dean or Castiel had expected, but as they crawled into bed in Castiel’s apartment, they were very glad that it had gone so well. Dean had a feeling that this pregnancy was going to be a lot easier for Castiel now that he knew he had so many people on his side.
“Ohh no. My boss gave me the day off. I was throwing up in the bathroom for about half an hour before I came home. On the way home the thought occurred to me, so I stopped at the store to grab a test. Anytime tomorrow is fine.”
“I guess this means we will have to wait a while to get married then.” He stated.
“What about next Saturday night?” Castiel suggested.
Dean hung up and answered the door. Just as he was shutting the door behind him Castiel emerged from the bedroom, a soft pair of sweats hanging low on his hips, and one of Dean shirts, which was a lot bigger on Castiel, running a hand through his hair, padding bare foot over to the couch. “Who was on the phone?” He asked, sitting down.
“Ohh that’s right. He mentioned that. Say hi to her for me.” There was a knock on the door. “I’ve got to go. Thanks Ellen and thank Bobby for me to.”
“No, I figured it would take most of my wages to cover the mortgage and then we could use yours to cover amenities. I hoped that would be okay.” Dean suddenly realized this was something he definitely should have consulted Castiel about, but he had wanted to do this himself.
“How did you determine the budget for the house?” Castiel asked Dean curiously, a look in his eye that said perhaps he had a solution.
“Maybe we could go out for dinner with our brothers and tell them.” Castiel suggested.
“I don’t really know, but I don’t think I’m allergic to anything.” Castiel said.
“Me pay, me pay!” Jack yelled, pointing to the tree house, trying his best to say play but not quite getting there. Dean and Castiel looked at each other, and it was clear from that one look that Castiel was certainly not going to be the one showing Jack the tree house.
“What would you want to do?” Castiel already knew he wanted to find out this time. Waiting till the birth was a great surprise the first two times, but he felt like he wanted to know this time.
Sam just laughed. “Well I do spend a lot of time here, so why not make myself at home.”
“What’s his name?” Jo asked as she held Kevin.
Jody laughed as well. “His speech is developing well, he seems to have a little trouble with the letter L though I’ve noticed.”
“Thank you.” Castiel said, feeling grateful that he had such a loving family around him.
“What’s for breakfast?” Castiel asked, as he placed a soft kiss on Dean’s bare shoulder.
Okay, now what about his first name?” Dean asked.
“Yes we will. I love you Dean.”
Dean was driving to Castiel’s apartment as fast as he could.
“I guess I was more tired than I thought. I cleaned up Jack’s toys and his room and sorted the laundry and don’t remember anything after that.” Dean explained, trying to remember.
“It’s probably the best home cooked meal I’ve ever had.”
At the mention of his brother Dean’s face lit up. “Yeah, I’ll go see Sammy. It’s so quiet in the apartment since he moved into the dorms.”
Dean tensed at hearing that the house was out of their budget, he and Castiel had talked on the way here and they both loved the house and wanted to buy it. “How much over budget?”
“Thanks baby.” Dean said, partly unhappy that he had needed help to tie his own tie, but also grateful that Castiel was there to do it for him. He had never been any good at it, considering he barely ever had the need to wear one. He leaned forward slightly and gave Castiel a kiss, to make sure that his boyfriend knew exactly how grateful he was to have him in his life.
Castiel managed a small laugh, and the movement as he did so caused the baby to blink his little eyes open, eyes that were just as blue as Castiel’s.
Dean crawled onto the bed, slowly moving up till he was level with Castiel, straddling his thighs and looking deep into his eyes. “What do you say we get you out of this suit eh?” He said, as he moved his hands to push Castiel’s jacket off, throwing it over the side of the bed, before moving onto his shirt. Dean was working the buttons on Castiel’s shirt much faster than he had done with his own. Once the shirt had also been thrown over the side of the bed, Dean pushed Castiel back gently till he was lying flat on the bed once more, then moved back enough so that his face was in line with Castiel’s stomach. Leaning down Dean pressed soft kisses all over, showing Castiel how much he already loved the new life growing inside him, and how excited he was to meet the new member of their family.
In the next second Dean found himself lying flat on the bed, Castiel draped over him as they made out, griding their erections together. Somehow Dean managed to get a hand between them, enough to pop the buttons on both their pants and push the zippers down. With a bit of work, they managed to get their pants down far enough to kick them off without having to move or stop making out. Once they were just in their underwear the feeling of their griding was intensified. Wanting to get to the next part, Castiel moved off of Dean and took his underwear off while Dean stretched towards the nightstand and grabbed some lube and a condom out. When he leaned back Castiel grabbed his underwear and pulled them down Dean’s legs. Meanwhile Dean was rubbing some lube onto his fingers and was just shifting into the right spot to reach down towards his own entrance when there was a hand on his wrist stopping him.
Roughly 2 minutes later Dean was about to get up and walk to the bathroom to see if Castiel was okay when he saw him walking back to their table. “Hey Cas, are you okay?” Dean asked, concern evident in every line of his face.
“Castiel make sure you let us all know how you’re doing after the baby is born and make sure you get some rest on your leave. And Congratulations both of you.” Crowley shook Dean’s hand as the elevator opened and Dean, Castiel and Bela all stepped in, hitting the button for the ground floor. Bela helped Dean get Castiel to the car and waved as he drove out of the parking lot before heading back into the office.
She said by way of greeting.
“It’s so embarrassing though, I was really hoping he wouldn’t run into him tonight.” Castiel said.
“So it’s settled. We’ll find a good night in the next week?” Castiel asked, wanting to tell them all sooner rather than later, especially since it seemed he would be showing very soon and wanted them to find out before then.
“I bet that got annoying quickly.” She chuckled. “Still it’s better than him wanting the new baby gone.”
“Okay, I’ll move in with you.” Castiel said after a moment to think through what Dean had said.
Castiel looked at Dean when he was clean. “Dean, that’s our baby.” He said, looking back at the screen and letting his tears flow now that they were alone. Dean felt his own answering tears fill his eyes as he looked at the picture of their baby on the screen.
“Yeah.” Cas said and turned around to walk into the house, leaving the door open for Sam, before walking up the stairs. He had plastered a happy smile on his face before turning away from Sam. Sam sighed and followed.
“Cas?” Dean asked.
“Hello Dean, this is Crowley, Castiel’s boss.” Crowley paused a moment when he noticed Castiel in pain again and offered the man his hand to squeeze, hoping it would provide a slight distraction from the pain. “Castiel’s water has broken, and he is in labor. Would you prefer to come get him or would you like us to call an ambulance to get him to the hospital?”
“Baby.” Jack said, reaching his little arms out.
“This does have flavour Dean, with the added benefit of being good healthy food.” Sam rebutted. Dean was always teasing him about his food choices, but he was pretty happy in the knowledge that he was definitely going to have less health problems than Dean in the future, considering Dean’s diet mostly consisted of burgers, fries, and other fatty foods.
“About 12 and a half weeks” Castiel said, smiling as he was unable to hide how happy he was that everyone was okay with the pregnancy.
“You’re not gonna have a drink tonight? We’re celebrating Cas.”
Castiel finally looked back up at Dean then, tears running down his cheeks. “Really?” He asked.
“Teacher’s assistant. He doesn’t usually wear a suit though.” Sam observed.
“Maybe when you’re on a secluded road, or by an empty lake, not when your parked in your driveway with your brother and kids inside.”
“Yes.”
“Right.” They stood their slightly awkwardly for a minute in silence before Dean spoke again “So what work had you stressed enough to take a run after midnight. It’s bit late on a Friday to be doing anything other than sleeping or having fun.”
“Hey Cas, you’re planning on sticking around right?” He asked nervously.
“So you’re happy about this?” Dean questioned.
Castiel quickly removed his hand entirely from Dean’s leg and Dean let out a slight chuckle.
“Yes Bela, I’m fi.. Arrgghhh” Castiel cried out in pain as he failed to finish his sentence. It wasn’t a loud cry, but it was enough to alert his boss, who’s office was right behind his desk and the door was almost always open, who came rushing out to see what was wrong.
Dean had started to visibly shake with nerves. “What if he says no.” He said quietly, voicing his fears for the first time since he had decided he was going to propose to Castiel on their anniversary. Sam stepped closer to his brother and placed his hands on his shoulders to try and calm him down.
Castiel chuckled lightly, as much as he could muster really. “I must admit, that was the first time it has ever been that good for me.”
“Okay, so any more classes today that I should know about?” Dean asked.
“Yeah, its pretty good. Two bedrooms, doesn’t cost a fortune to rent and is pretty much exactly half way between work and the college.” Dean said whilst he checked the meat and grabbed the knife to start cutting it up.
“Dean.”
“Thanks Ruby, we’ll take two beers please.” Dean ordered.
“That would be a first actually.” Castiel responded.
Castiel said it with such conviction that there was no way anyone who heard it couldn’t not believe it. Dean crawled back up Castiel’s body to kiss him. “I love you to Cas. Don’t ever doubt that.”
“I had to turn the laptop on, it took a minute to load.”
First they all headed to the storage unit, unloading all the furniture into it as quickly as they possibly could. It still took a while and when they were done they were all tired and hungry, so they decided to stop at a small diner nearby for lunch before heading to the apartment. They sat in a small booth, Dean as close to Castiel as was possible in public, his hand placed protectively over their baby. Sam and Gabriel sat opposite them, sharing looks that would make passers by perhaps think that they might also be a couple, but everyone at their table knew that the looks were based purely on their brother’s relationship and knowledge that they were now so close to becoming uncles.
“So close.” Castiel murmured on a particularly hard thrust.
By the fifth month of Castiel’s pregnancy Dean was spending practically every night at his boyfriend’s apartment. With his hormones all different to normal he was emotional and horny most of the time, sometimes needing to have sex multiple times a day. Dean was getting exhausted, almost like he was the one carrying their child. Between work, helping Castiel pack up his apartment for the move, and trying to keep up with Castiel’s increased sex drive he felt like he barely had a moment to himself these days. But he wasn’t going to complain, he was much too excited about becoming a father. They had been having regular ultrasound appointments to check on the baby’s progress and were delighted to hear each time that the baby was perfectly healthy. At their last appointment they had been asked if they wanted to know the gender of the baby, but they had both previously decided they would rather be surprised when it was born.
Once both boys were settled in their own rooms Dean and Castiel all but collapsed on their own bed, falling asleep within a few minutes of laying down. Both their boys had been unexpected surprises, and they hadn’t thought they were ready for either, but now that they had them both, they knew that they wouldn’t change a thing. They had a perfect little family and they were exceedingly happy together.
“No, you go get a shower, clean up and relax a bit. You’ve had a stressful evening and that’s not good for the baby. I’ll order some food and call the doctor. When would be a good time to make an appointment for?”
“Well, I wasn’t going to say anything yet, but I already have a solution to the space concern.”
Castiel held his hand out to Dean, asking Dean with his eyes if he would like to dance. Dean rolled his eyes slightly but couldn’t resist the smile tugging at his mouth as he walked up the steps to join is fiancé and placed his hand in Castiel’s, allowing Castiel to guide his hand onto his hip, placing his own hand on Dean’s shoulder as he pulled him closer so that their bodies were pressed tight whilst he spun them in a small circle.
“Are you sure?”
“One beer and one water with lemon and ice coming right up.” She said as she turned to walk to the bar.
"DEAN" Dean heard his brother yelling as he let himself into the house.
“Ohh that’s okay. I wasn’t looking where I was going either. Just as much my fault as yours. What are you doing here so late?” He asked casually.
Castiel was now the one that had to take a few deep breaths to calm his nerves. He was now so terrified of his news, even more so than he was earlier, as now it seemed like he had more to lose. “Dean, I know we haven’t spoken about this at all in a long time, so I don’t know if it’s something you will even want, but I do and I’m so sorry it happened..” Castiel trailed off, unsure of where to go from here. Dean was suddenly extremely worried about what Castiel might have to say, but he was more worried about the way that Castiel was acting right now. Taking his hands off his fiancé’s waist, he moved them up to cup his face instead.
Dean walked forward quickly, dropping to his knees next to Castiel and wrapping his arms around him without hesitation. He didn’t even care if the problem was Castiel being sick. He would risk catching whatever it was if it meant he could comfort the man on the floor next to him. “What’s wrong baby? You didn’t answer any of my calls, I thought you were seriously hurt.”
“Table for 2, right this way.” They followed the hostess to a table set in a corner next to the rear wall of the restaurant, which was mostly glass, giving them a great view of the gardens. “Your waitress will be right with you.”
“Good. What are you doing here though? Shouldn’t you be at work?” Sam questioned, looking suspiciously at his brother.
“You’re just as desperate for it aren’t you?” Dean asked.
“Hey Cas.” Dean said, blinking the sleep from his eyes and slowly focusing on the room around him. “What time is it?”
“I want you to fuck me now.” Castiel whined.
They fell silent then after a slight giggle, and soon fell asleep.
“Cas, whatever it is you can tell me. We can figure it out together.” Dean said, nothing but pure honesty in his voice.
Dean swore, they weren’t prepared for this.
Dean tried to relax as he felt the head of Castiel’s cock press against his hole, just as the head started to breach his muscle he clenched down again. Castiel’s cock was a lot thicker than his fingers and it did hurt a little bit. Castiel looked like he was about to pull back, so Dean reached out and grabbed hold of his arse to pull him forward a bit further. Even though it hurt a little more than the first push, it also sent a spike of pleasure through him, and he couldn’t help but moan at the feeling. “Please keep going Cas.”
Sam and Gabriel arrived at around 8 in the morning. Together with Dean’s help they managed to carry the tables, chairs, and the couch (which was a difficult one to maneuver) down the stairs and out to the truck. Castiel kept trying to help, but all three of them refused to let him. They were not going to risk the health of the baby for a little extra help that would potentially make the move faster. Next was the bed. To get this one out of the room they were going to have to take it apart, so they started with moving the mattress out of the room and setting Gabriel with the task of wrapping it up in plastic so that it stayed in good condition and nice and clean. From there Sam and Dean started to dismantle the bed, piling the pieces to the side of the room. It took a while to get everything for the bed down to the truck, starting with the mattress, which really needed a fourth person due to its size, but they made do with three. The rest of the bed was easy in comparison. When they were satisfied that all the big items had been removed, they started carrying the boxes down as well, first filling up Dean’s car, then Castiel’s. They both had cars that didn’t have a lot of room to fit boxes, so there were a few boxes left over that they put into the truck before heading back up and checking that they had absolutely everything. Before leaving, Castiel and Dean stopped by the landlord’s apartment on the bottom floor and returned the key, accepting his well wishes for them.
“Okay.” Dean responded, not questioning it further. They were about to start talking when a waitress walked past carrying something that set Castiel’s stomach churning.
“No way, I’m sleeping down here. Don’t wanna hear what you two get up to tonight.” Sam said, grabbing a blanket from the cupboard under the stairs and settling in on the couch. He was avoiding looking anywhere near the two men behind him who were already kissing each other deeply and moaning slightly as they did so. “Ohh come on guys, at least wait till you’re in the bedroom.” Sam complained.
Sam asked.
“I am inside you Dean.” Castiel teased, crooking his fingers to hit Dean’s prostate as if he felt the need to prove his point.
“Of course. So what are we eating?” Castiel asked, turning the conversation away from himself, and quickly drinking down half his glass of water which settled his stomach, for which he was grateful.
Moving slowly on still slightly shaky legs, Dean crossed the room to the bathroom and grabbed a washcloth that he wet before returning to the bed and first cleaning Castiel, then himself, flinging the cloth in the general direction of the dirty cloths basket before grabbing the covers and lifting them up then falling into bed again. Castiel wriggled around until he was also under the covers. Dean moved around till his head was again rested on Castiel’s chest, his hand back in its place on his stomach, protecting the life inside from any external threats, a thought occurring to him.
“Bye Dadda’s” Jack said, waving his little hand at them as they exited the apartment.
“Another son Cas.” Dean said, smiling himself, unable to not smile as he looked down on his partner and their new son. “At least all of Jack’s clothes can be used and we don’t have to buy too many more.”
The nurse nodded and headed to the door. “I’ll leave you three alone for a few minutes.” And then she left the room.
Dean leant down to kiss Castiel, although at this point it was less actually kissing and more just breathing into each other’s mouths, until Castiel started to suck on Dean’s tongue, making him groan with pleasure. Dean couldn’t remember the last time he had felt so good. The last time he and Castiel had done this was really quick when they had both finished work early and had a tiny bit of time before picking the boys up from school. Apparently it had been enough to get Castiel pregnant, but it hadn’t felt this good. This felt like it had when they had first started dating. As Dean continued to hit Castiel’s prostate on every thrust, his body quickly getting closer to release, Dean could feel him clenching tighter and tighter around him which was pushing him even closer to his own release. Pulling away from Castiel’s mouth, Dean moved his lips to Castiel’s neck, sucking a mark that might as well say ‘Dean was here’, for it would certainly be visible no matter what Castiel chose to wear tomorrow.
“What?”
“Well I don’t have any plans for the day, so I can if you want.” Castiel answered, completely misinterpreting the question.
Dean was about to continue speaking when Sam looked pointedly towards the front of the lecture hall, and Dean turned to see the TA standing behind a desk, a PowerPoint loaded behind him looking as though he was ready to teach.
“Come for me baby.” Dean groaned, feeling himself sitting right on the edge of his own climax.
“Hi Kevin, welcome to the world.” Dean said, accepting his son in his arms as Castiel handed him over to his other father.
“There you go.” Castiel said happily as he turned Dean to face him so he could properly look at his handy work. “Much better.”
“Baby Novak-Winchester.”
Castiel just pouted, and Dean laughed, while Sam and Gabriel groaned, feeling that they shouldn’t have to witness this stuff.
Dean looked deep into Castiel’s piercing blue eyes, taking a deep breath, and replying. “I love you too Cas. And I promise I’m not going anywhere.” Dean kissed Castiel softly, trying to convey his words again through his actions. After a few moments they pulled apart again, Castiel snuggling into Dean’s chest, his face hidden in Dean’s neck. “I think we should call a doctor and make an appointment, just to make certain and to see how far along you are.”
Castiel could hear the question in Dean’s voice, and in response Castiel slide further down Dean’s cock.
“I normally sit in the second row, but since you’re not actually in this class maybe we should sit in the back just incase Professor Harris realizes you aren’t a student.”
They moved onto other topics of discussion as they finished their meal, deciding to just head back to Sam’s dorm to hang for a few hours. Sam had taken his gaming console with him when he moved into the dorms, so they played some games, getting very competitive and loud. It was lucky it was a Friday night, and from Sam’s knowledge so far, his floor of the dorm was mostly empty, so they didn’t have to worry about disturbing anyone. Sometime around 1 am they finally put the games away and Dean headed out, telling his brother to call him Sunday night and tell him how things went with Jessica in their study session. Sam had insisted that Dean take a copy of Castiel’s schedule with him, and Dean was busy looking at it as he walked towards the exit of the building, concentrating on what was in his hands so much that he didn’t notice someone running through the door until they literally ran into each other, the other person stumbling enough to fall and land on the ground.
“Of course, whenever you’re ready.” Dean said.
“I would have thought that was obvious considering we are in a movie theatre. I’m seeing a movie with some friends, what about you?” Gabriel asking, eyeing Dean suspiciously.
“I guess I can see that. Are you ready to go?” Dean asked, nodding his head towards the doors.
“Yes.” Castiel gasped, as Dean was continuing to make sure he hit his prostate. “I need more Dean.”
“We need to do this more often.” Castiel said when he regained his breath enough to talk again.
“I promise I will, just please fill me up. I want to feel you Cas.”
“Dean?” Castiel asked, trying to get his attention as he was now standing right next to Dean. When Dean turned to look at him he leaned in and kissed him gently. “I love you Dean.”
“Same. You can let go Cas. Come for me baby.”
“I know we are. I just don’t feel like drinking tonight.” Castiel said.
“If you really want to talk to him again I can help you Dean. I have his schedule.” Sam offered.
“Ugh, fine.” Dean got off of Castiel’s lap and got out the car, practically hauling Castiel out of the car with him. In the spur of the moment Dean grabbed Castiel and hoisted him up so he was carrying him bridal style. Castiel will forever deny it, but he actually squeaked and threw his arms around Dean’s neck.
“Yes Jack, the baby is here. Have you seen him yet?” Castiel asked his eldest.
“You will have to stay the night to make sure everything is fine, but you should be ready to go home tomorrow afternoon.”
Dean looked towards the door again and was about to agree with Sam’s suggestion, when the man in the ill-fitting suit turned around. Dean couldn’t draw his eyes away, his eyes were such a piercing blue that Dean could see there colour even from the distance he was currently sat, and his cupid bow lips looked perfect for kissing, among other dirty things that Dean probably shouldn’t think about in public. “Actually, I think ill just stay.” Dean said to Sam, not removing his gaze from the unknown man. “Is that guy in this class?” He tried to ask as casually as possible, hoping not to tip his brother off on the reason behind his question.
Dean chuckled, Castiel had a point. Throwing the condom back on the nightstand, Dean then watched Castiel as he laid down and spread his legs, inviting Dean in. Grabbing the lube again, Dean put some more on his hand and moved so he was in a better position between Castiel’s legs. Leaning down Dean captured Castiel’s lips in a bruising kiss as he slowly traced one finger around Castiel’s entrance before gently pushing in, crooking his finger in just the right spot. Castiel arched up against Dean and moaned, a deep and guttural sound that Dean could feel through his own body.
“Now the evening is perfect.” Dean said with a smile, leaning in to place a quick kiss on Castiel’s cheek.
“I had a great night tonight Cas.”
“So close Cas.” Dean managed to breathe out, barely audible.
“Castiel. The TA.”
Castiel and Dean both just nodded in response, smiling as everyone got excited. Jack jumping up and down and clapping. Since he had been told he was going to be a big brother he had been thrilled, constantly asking when the baby was coming and copying Dean when he placed a hand on Castiel’s abdomen, so that there was always two hands on him at the same, one large hand belonging to Dean, and one much smaller one belonging to Jack. Castiel was in turn thrilled that Jack so excited, as he knew that sometimes the first born didn’t like the idea of having to share their parents with another baby, but it was clear they were not going to have that problem.
The doctor’s appointment was at 11am, so Dean let Castiel sleep in, choosing to make him some breakfast when he got up around 9. “Sleep well?” Dean asked when he heard Castiel enter the room.
“Sure Dean. Now go, don’t worry about this guy. He’s perfectly safe with me.” Sam said, his full attention already back on his nephew.
“Okay, breakfast time. I didn’t know what you might be able to stomach so I figured eggs seemed like a safe bet.” Dean said, untangling himself gently from Castiel’s arms and grabbing the plates of eggs to take to the table. They sat and ate breakfast, trying to determine for themselves how far along Castiel might be. Unfortunately they had a very active sex life, so it was almost impossible for them to pinpoint a date of conception.
“Eww Dean.” Sam said, turning away from his brother who had started to grope Castiel for emphasis. “I don’t need to see that Dean, besides I’ve had too much to drink to drive. I’m just gonna crash here, remember?”
“Normally he would, but on a Friday he has a class directly after ours and it’s a few buildings away, s he leaves early so he can make it there on time. It’s not a good look is a senior is late to his own class every week.”
“Gross!” Jo exclaimed, turning around, and shoving Dean, then proceeding to chase him around the kitchen as he continued to tease her. Soon the rest of the family that had been watching tv entered the kitchen to watch the live entertainment, the two cousins starting to fight a little rougher after Jo caught Dean and tackled him to the ground. The didn’t give up till they were both breathless and Sam helped Jo up whilst Castiel helped Dean, maneuvering his boyfriend till his arms were wrapped around Castiel, hands placed protectively over his middle.
Castiel smiled brightly. “It is much easier to say, I prefer it as well. Castiel is an easy name for people to make fun of.”
At first there was just silence as everyone processed their words, but then there was an almost simultaneous cheer and Castiel and Dean saw everyone smiling and getting up to hug them. It was a much better reaction than they had thought that they would get, but apparently everyone was fine with it.
“Actually, I’m a few minutes older.”
“We haven’t looked inside yet Dean.” Castiel rolled his eyes and smirked at Dean, some of his boyfriends favorite habits have rubbed off on him over the time they have been together.
“Well it’s an important anniversary Cas, 10 years, a whole decade together and somehow you have never gotten sick of having me around.” Dean explained.
“Hi Dean. I bought beer.” Castiel says, holding up a six pack of Dean’s favourite beer.
Dean could see a new wave of tears start to fall from Castiel’s eyes as he replied. “No.”
“Jo, gonna need you to stop shrieking before it makes me deaf.” Dean said when he heard the other end of the line fall silent.
Castiel leaned back slightly, just enough to be able to look him in the eyes. “Really? You’re excited?” He asked.
“How far along are you Cas?” He asked curiously.
“Read to me.” Castiel said, almost sounding like a child as he did so.
“Heyy Sammy. How are you doing?” He asked.
Dean took a deep breath and looked at Castiel properly before asking the question again in a way that made complete sense this time. “Umm, did you maybe want to go out with me sometime?”
“Your beer.” She said, placing the bottle down in front of him with a glass. “And the water.” Placing it where Castiel had been sitting a minute ago. “Are you ready to order or would you like some more time.”
“Basically yes.
As soon as the bedroom door was shut Castiel grabbed Dean and pushed him up against it, pressing his whole body as tightly against Dean’s as possible, and grinding against him. As he moved his hips Castiel pressed his lips against Dean’s neck, sucking and biting gently in a way he knew drove Dean crazy. As though his point was being proved, Dean threw his head back against the door with a loud bang, groaning loudly.
“No, the beds too empty.” Dean pouted, pretty much looking like a child having a tantrum. Perhaps he had picked up the expression from their son.
“Okay Mr. Novak, one more big push is all I need from you on the next contraction.” The doctor said.
“Yeah, argh.” Castiel cried out as another contraction hit him. Dean did the same coaching he had been doing so far to help Castiel through the pain.
“Of course you can, you just never have.”
“Pancakes. Hope their okay?”
Dean had a quick look through the pile and threw half of them back in the closet. None of them were bought with rips, but he had managed to rip plenty of them himself. “Alright, what now?”
“Alrighty then, here is the file with the details of both houses in it, it also has the addresses, so you know where to go. Follow me.” Jody handed Castiel the file and headed out to her car, Dean, Castiel and Jack going to Castiel’s car to follow Jody to the first house. Unfortunately the viewings went much the same as the previous day. They did like both houses, but unfortunately they didn’t love them. It wasn’t until they were on there way back to Jody’s office to map out more options, Castiel driving ahead of Jody who got a call before they left the second house, when they saw a house with a for sale sign and stopped. The front was all modern looking, a large front yard and a double car garage, white picket fence around the edge of the property. Jody, noticing their car as she drove down the street a few minutes after they had stopped, all three adults got out of the two cars and looked at the house.
“What about Jack?” Castiel suggests.
Dean had an answering smile on his face now. “Cool, umm well when is a good time for you?”
“I like Castiel, but Cas is certainly easier to say.” Dean said, smiling lightly.
Castiel nodded. “Yeah he does. He is a little slower to pick up talking than most kids his age but his doctor says he is progressing just fine, so we’re not to worried about it.”
All three men walked to the door, where Dean and Castiel said goodbye to Jack and Kevin hugging and kissing both boys, before Sam picked them both up, one in each arm, and let them watch their dads walk to the car and drive away whilst they both waved at them vigorously, before going back inside.
“You’re home.” Sam said, starting to laugh at the couple as he took in the way they were positioned. “Having trouble opening the door were you?”
“What’s the name for the reservation?” The hostess asked.
“Dean, we’re parents. We’re not having sex in a car like a couple of teenagers.” Castiel tried to reason.
“You too. I gotta say, I can’t remember the last time I met someone my brother was interested in. Actually I’m pretty sure I never have.”
“Thank you.” Ellen replied for them all.
“I know, but I have a really good feeling about this place.” Dean said smiling for a second before his expression changed to one of fear. “Shit! JACK!” Dean moved fast, catching his son and pulling him back from the edge of the road just before a car drove past.
It was something that Castiel always liked when he wasn’t feeling well. Whenever he had had a cold or the flu throughout there relationship so far he always liked Dean to read to him, so it made sense to the older man that he would want that now when he was in the most pain he had ever experienced in his life to date. Dean rummaged in the bag they had and found a book that Castiel had packed, then nudged him forward a bit on the bed and got up on it behind him, fitting Castiel comfortably into the V of his legs. He wound his arms around Castiel so that he could see the book as well and hooked his chin over Castiel’s shoulder starting to read to him. The reading itself was slow going as Dean stopped every time Castiel had a new contraction and helped him through it, Castiel sometimes grabbing one of Dean’s hands causing him to drop the book, sometimes gripping his leg where he could reach it. Every half an hour the doctor came back as promised and checked Castiel again to see how his labor was progressing. Around 7 am Castiel was exhausted having been awake for about 24 hours, his contractions now coming a lot closer together, so Dean had put the book down, not bothering to continue reading. When Castiel felt like the contractions weren’t stopping for breaks he asked Dean to press the call button, the doctor arriving a few minutes after. He checked Castiel again and announced that he was ready to start delivering the baby. Dean got off the bed and moved beside it, still close enough to Castiel for him to squeeze his hand when he needed. The doctor called a nurse in to assist him, and they started to guide Castiel through the final part of his labor, instructing him to push whenever he got the urge. Each contraction was a lot more painful now, and Castiel screamed through most of them. It physically hurt Dean to see his boyfriend in so much pain, he wanted nothing more than to take it away, or to trade places with him and be the one on the bed giving birth instead. After about half an hour of pushing they got what sounded like the best news possible at that moment from the doctor.
“Shit!” Castiel exclaimed, hoping he had been quite enough for no one to notice, fortunately though one of his co-workers (also a publishing assistant) was at their desk right next to his and heard him.
“Absolutely.”
“Well on paperwork and official documents it will say Novak-Winchester, but people will most likely just call him Winchester as it’s the second name and shorter than saying both together.” Dean explained.
Castiel groaned. “Yes Dean, I want you!”
Sam arrived first out of their families, followed closely by Bobby and Ellen, and then Gabriel and Michael, Michael grumbling about how he hated being late and that Gabriel had been the reason why. Gabriel was as cheerful as ever though, completely unconcerned by his big brother’s unhappiness. Dinner was going really well, they all ordered, chatted and ate happily, no problems at all. It wasn’t until after dinner that Dean grabbed and squeezed Castiel’s hand to let him know it was time before clearing his throat and looking up at everyone.
Castiel held out his left hand for Sam to see. “Told you it was the perfect ring.”
“It works for me.” They stood in silence again for a moment before Castiel glanced down at his watch. “I should probably get going then, got a paper to finish if I want a day off.”
Castiel turned his head to look at Dean, a tear running down one cheek. “We have a son Dean.” He said.
Dean however was so shocked he couldn’t find a way to push the words he wanted to say out of his throat. After about five minutes of silence Dean was finally able to make his throat muscles move enough to speak. “Are you sure?” He asked.
Dean smiled at her, she really was quite nice considering her job meant she had to deal with assholes all the time. “I think we might need a few more minutes.” Dean said politely.
“What’s going on Dean?” Sam asked, seriously confused.
Dean felt his cheeks colour slightly as he realized who he had run into. “Castiel right?” He said, knowing exactly who he was, but wanting to pretend otherwise.
“I definitely do.” Castiel said, leaning in towards Dean slightly. Dean took the hint and leaned in himself until their lips pressed softly together. The kiss was chaste at first, deepening slightly when Castiel licked his way into Dean’s mouth a little bit. It was when Dean moaned lightly at the feeling that Castiel pulled back, smiling. “Are you free next week?”
They made it all the way to the restaurant where they were having dinner, just chatting about their week, before Dean bought up Castiel for the first time since he had met him. “So, Castiel left early today. Seemed like he was in a hurry to.” He tried to sound casual, but he saw the small smirk that Sam sent his way.
“I meant that I really like you Cas, and I want you in my life for as long as possible.” Dean was looking down at his hands as he said this, to nervous to see Castiel’s reaction.
“Mr. Novak, are you okay?” She asked quietly. She was new to the job and still insisted on calling him ‘Mr. Novak’ instead of ‘Cas’ or ‘Castiel.’
“Now, who is ready for some fun?” Sam asked the boys before he got their screaming responses.
“Dean!! Right there!” Castiel gasped.
Laughing harder Sam moved aside so that Dean could carry Castiel into the house. “Didn’t think you would be out this late.” Sam observed while Dean put Castiel down. He was strong, but even he could only hold a full-grown man for so long.
“Tomorrow? I want to know as soon as possible.” Castiel said.
“He decided to surprise me with a visit and didn’t know I had a class, he was just sitting in so we could spend some time together after the class.” Sam quickly explained, hoping he wouldn’t get into trouble.
“He’s going to be what? What is happening?” Michael asked. He was the more serious brother out of the three Novak’s and was less likely to take jokes than Gabriel and Castiel were.
It was a Monday evening around 10pm when Castiel went into labor. He and Dean had finished a late dinner and were just sitting on the couch going through a list and making sure they definitely had everything they needed for the baby, also another list to make sure Castiel’s go bag was ready with what he needed when labor did start. Dean was ticking off the final item when Castiel gasped in mild pain and surprise, a hand moving to his stomach instantly.
Dean and Castiel walked to their room, Dean stripping off his shirt as he walked then his jeans once they reached the room before crawling into bed. Castiel removed his suit jacket, shirt and belt, hanging the jacket and belt where they belong. “I’m gonna get shower Dean, I smell pretty bad. It was so hot in the building, and I wasn’t allowed to take the jacket off.”
“Well not everyone is like you Gabriel.” Castiel said, shotting his brother a look that clearly told him to get lost.
Dean was all for that, so he put his number into Castiel’s phone and called himself so he could save Castiel’s number as well. Castiel opened his door and took one step backwards into his room, before leaning forward again to place one quick kiss on Dean’s cheek.
Sam followed his gaze and smiled. “Not exactly. He’s the TA.”
“Dinner, then I guess we shall see what happens later. I’m thinking about a movie, but I don’t know what Castiel will want to do.”
“Everyone, I’d like you all to meet Jack Novak-Winchester.” He said proudly, smiling so big his face muscles were actually hurting, but he didn’t care, he was so happy.
“The baby, do you want a boy or girl?”
“Yeah, he leaves about 15 minutes early every week. He was a little late leaving today, probably why he was hurrying.” Sam explained.
“Yes.” Castiel gasped, as Dean was continuing to make sure he hit his prostate. “I need more Dean.”
Castiel just sat in shock, he had no clue that Dean had been planning anything this big. “You’ve been looking for a house?” He asked, needing clarification.
“I will. Thank you for coming Dean.” Crowley hung up and turned to Castiel. “Dean will be here soon. I’m not really sure what I’m doing here though. How can I help?”
Castiel turned around to look at Dean. “I’m sorry Dean, what was that?”
“Only if it’s not too much trouble for you.” Castiel replied, ever the polite one.
“Hey Jo. I know it’s been a while, sorry. I need your help though.” Dean said.
Dean went back into his closet and looked for his best shirts, grabbing them out and throwing them on the bed. As he kept looking he came across a pair of black pants in a gift bag that he had never worn, the tag still on them. “Hey Jo, I found some black pants, should I try them?”
“Of course you did. Don’t forget to bring some beer next time your around then. You owe me. Kids are in bed right?” Dean wasn’t really pissed about the beer, he just liked to mess with his brother, and he was a parent, so he had to be responsible as well.
“Me see dada and baby!”
“Absolutely.”
“Damn Cas, looking good!” Sam wolf whistled as he got out of his car.
“Uhhh, I don’t know about slacks, but I definitely have some black jeans.” Dean got up and started rooting around in his closet trying to see if he did in fact have any black pants but couldn’t find any so he grabbed out a few pairs of black jeans instead.
“How?” Dean asked, genuinely having no idea how that was possibly.
“Hey Cas, come on in.”
“Uh yeah. Dean?” Castiel asked. “Sam’s brother right?”
“I don’t want your fingers, I want your big, fat cock to split me open. I want to feel you fill me up when I come on your cock and nothing else.”
“It was okay, pretty boring really. I’ll tell you about it in the morning. Get some sleep.” Castiel said as he walked out of the room to the bathroom, showering quickly. When he got back he was expecting to find Dean asleep, but he was instead laying on his back staring at the door. “You’re not asleep yet?”
“So exactly when did you two decide to move in together? Cause I remember you mentioning it when you told us all about the baby, but that was a few months ago.” Gabriel asked as they ate their lunch.
The appointment was quick and straight forward. Castiel was indeed 7 weeks pregnant, and so far everything looked perfectly normal. The doctor even gave Jack a quick check while they were there and was extremely happy with his growth progress. He was walking, trying to run around at times to, which meant Dean and Castiel were always on alert at home to make sure they knew where he was and what he was doing, and was even making good progress on talking. He mostly used small words such as Dadda, yes and no, but he was learning new words every week, most of which Dean and Castiel still had to guess what he meant as they weren’t always complete words. He was learning to talk a little slower than other kids his age, but the doctor was sure he was making good progress and it was nothing to worry about.
‘Turn around.” Castiel prompted Jack, so Jack did.
Dean had a look. “Yes.”
“What do you think Cas?” Dean repeated the question he had asked his son. “Is this our family home?”
“Sorry Dean.” Sam did look sorry that Dean was going to have to sit through this. “If you want to leave I’ll call you when the class is done, and we can hang out then.”
“FUCK MY LIFE! AGAIN?!”
Dean groaned. This was not what he wanted to talk about. “Fine, what do you wanna know?”
“Same.” Castiel replied.
“We found out it was possible Wednesday night, and Thursday I took Cas to the doctor to make sure. Ohh that reminds me.” He said, digging in his pocket. “Here’s the ultrasound photo.” Dean said, handing it to his uncle who passed it around the table.
“Thank you. Would I be able to think about it over the weekend and let you know next week?” Sam asked politely.
“Sure, no problem. Just let me know when you’re ready.” Ruby smiled and turned to head back to the bar, stopping to talk to one of the bartenders as she currently had no tables requiring immediate attention.
“So full. Like you’re splitting me in half.” Dean moaned, then wiggled his hips a little and when there was more pleasure than pain he said to Castiel, “You can start to move.”
“Ohh shit.” Dean said, stuffing the paper in his pocket and reaching out a hand to help the other person up, not noticing who it was at first. “I’m so sorry, here let me help you up.”
“I had to go home and get your hospital bag first. How far apart are they?” Dean asked and he crouched in front of Castiel, taking the hand that Crowley had released upon Dean’s arrival.
“There are two items on the menu tonight, rich chocolate cake with fresh cream and strawberries or me.” Dean was going all out now, not bothering to hide what he wanted from Castiel.
“This is so good Dean.” Castiel half moaned in pleasure as he ate. “I had no idea you could cook.”
There were tears in Castiel’s eyes as he wiped his stomach clean of the gel. “Cas?” Dean asked quietly, not sure what emotions his boyfriend was feeling right now.
“What?”
The night continued on for a few more hours, everyone enjoying being in the backyard together, Jack going back into the tree house with both Sam and Gabriel, playing games and enjoying the treats of candy that Gabriel kept handing him, trying to hide it from Sam. When Jack started to fall asleep in the tree, they all got down and to everyone’s surprise, only because he was less sure of himself around Jack, Michael offered to put him to bed, and everyone else relaxed in front of the tv in the living room, Dean pottering around the kitchen cleaning up with Ellen and Jo’s help.
“Are you pregnant Cas?” Bobby asked.
“Seriously!! Wow, little Cassie got himself a date. Nice work bro.” Gabriel said excitedly, punching his brother lightly on the arm.
Castiel just continued not to speak, moving into the kitchen, and grabbing the deli bag from the counter and taking out his lunch, handing one sandwich to Dean who was trailing close behind him now. When Castiel still hadn’t answered as he tried to walk back past Dean towards the couch, Dean had enough and grabbed his arm, spinning him so that they were facing each other. “Castiel, talk to me.”
Dean and Castiel laughed. “You should here his names for Gabriel and Michael. You’re the first uncle he will be able to say properly.” Castiel said, clearly finding it amusing that his son was further away from getting his own brothers names right.
“If you want it.” Dean said, licking his lips and lowering his glance to Castiel’s perfect bow shaped lips.
“Oh, that explains that. Well you know you can email anytime over the weekend if you need any further information. Thank you for considering it. How are you going with the current homework and assignment? Any problems?”
Dean looked up concerned. “Cas? Are you okay?” He asked, then noticing that Castiel’s light grey sweats were a lot darker around the crotch area and looked wet.
“I can drive if you want another Dean.” Castiel said, as if he was able to read his mind.
They put aside the planning for the rest of the day, enjoying their time together instead before they went back to work the next morning, however Dean was certain he would be seeing Castiel more then he already did now that he was carrying his child.
Castiel pulled out slowly and then thrust back inside at the same pace, making them both moan at the feeling, “Fuck Dean, you’re so fucking tight.”
“Cassie!!!” Castiel didn’t even turn around at first, just groaned as though he was in pain and closed his eyes, until a second yell was made, then he turned around.
“Dada!” Castiel heard, turning to see Jack next to his bed and jumping as though he was trying to get up but wasn’t quite big enough to manage it. Dean settled him for a second and helped Castiel sit up, arranging the pillows to allow him to lean against them, before picking Jack up and putting him on the bed where he quickly hugged his dad. “Baby!!” He screamed, still so excited.
“Get some sleep Cas, I’ll go call Ellen and let her know she can bring Jack in a few hours. I bet he’s driving her mad wanting to get here.” They both chuckled slightly and then Castiel drifted off to sleep. Dean left the room and went out the front of the hospital to call Ellen and was surprised to see her already walking up with Jack.
Dean groaned, trying his best to keep concentrating on the road. Luckily they were just down the road from the restaurant, and as Dean pulled the car to a stop he leant into Castiel and pressed his lips against Castiel’s in a hard kiss. It only lasted a few seconds, but that was long enough for Dean to have temporarily stunned Castiel, giving him a chance to get out of the car and walk around to open the door for his boyfriend, holding out his hand like a gentleman. Castiel smiled and accepted Dean’s offered hand, getting out of the car and shutting the door. Castiel wanted to keep holding Dean’s hand, but Dean wiggled his hand free and wound his arm tightly around Castiel’s waist instead as they walked into the restaurant.
They were just entering the lecture hall again now, so Dean was almost whispering when he responded. “Fine! I was staring. He is hot okay.”
“Yeah, I know. Night babe.” Dean said, kissing Castiel one last time for the night and curling up in his side, one hand placed firmly on Castiel’s abdomen, where it would remain for quite a while.
“Surprisingly?” Dean questioned.
“What’s the matter? Did we mess up your plans?” Dean teased.
“Do you need to take the day off then?” Dean asked.
“Dean?” The reply was very quiet, practically whispered. But there was something else. Dean was fairly certain his boyfriend was crying from the sound.
“Yeah. I talked to the bank about a loan, and once we find a house we want the deal will be sorted.” Dean said. “I’m not sure if you are happy or angry right now about me doing this without telling you. I just wanted it to be a surprise. Figured Jack would want some more space to play as he got older, so I’ve been looking for a place with a big backyard specifically.”
Dean decided around lunch time that he wanted to make sure Castiel was okay. He tried calling home, but he got no answer, the same when he tried Castiel’s mobile. He figured he was probably asleep, so he didn’t freak out, but he did tell his uncle that Castiel wasn’t well, and his uncle let him leave early. Dean picked Jack up early from daycare as well, figuring it was easier than leaving home again later. Entering the apartment, his son balanced carefully on one hip, bag slung over the opposite arm, everything was quiet. Looking around Dean noticed that there was a deli bag on the kitchen counter and Castiel’s laptop on the couch. He was about to call out to find where Castiel was when he heard a scream from the bathroom.
“That’s okay.” She said. “There is plenty of time. For now we can just put baby Novak on the tag, and you just let us know when you have a name.” The nurse was about to leave when Castiel said something that stopped her. “I’m sorry, what was that?” She asked politely.
Everyone looked at the door as Jack walked out, a little jacket covering his shirt. He walked until he was standing in front of everyone then unzipped his jacket and took it off, letting them read the front of the shirt.
Dean leant down to kiss Castiel, although at this point it was less actually kissing and more just breathing into each other’s mouths, until Castiel started to suck on Dean’s tongue, making him groan with pleasure. As Dean continued to hit Castiel’s prostate on every thrust, his body quickly getting closer to release, Dean could feel him clenching tighter and tighter around him which was pushing him even closer to his own release. Pulling away from Castiel’s mouth, Dean moved his lips to Castiel’s neck, sucking a mark that might as well say ‘Dean was here’, for it would certainly be visible no matter what Castiel were to try and cover it with.
“What’s a teacher’s assistant?”
Dean noticed the way she specifically didn’t say him or her when asking her questions. Dean had been pretty open about his sexuality since he was in high school and realized he was bi-sexual, at least around his family anyway.
“It’s no trouble at all. We are only a few minutes from my office, I’ll go grab the keys and the file and be back in ten minutes.” Jody got in her car and left nice and fast, Castiel turning back to his own car and grabbing Jack out of his car seat, letting him down so he could have a look around the front yard.
