The words are enough to bring some semblance of clarity to Dean’s mind, all the panic halting, pure dread replacing it.
Cas keeps his hands to himself for the rest of the night, ignoring Dean’s attempts to provoke him into something, but doesn’t at all hold back with his words; dirty, filthy words full of anticipation and promises about what’s to come.
“Please,” Dean says, struggling again. “I’ll be good. I swear.”
“Why not?” Michael asks, and his hands are on Dean.
Then he’s kissing his neck, sucking and biting gently, kissing all the way up, soft lips on his forehead, and Dean never stood a chance.
Dean whines, trying to push back onto Cas as far as he can, chasing his orgasm as best he can. Then Daddy is coming inside of him, and it tips Dean right over the edge.
When Dean wakes up, he tries to lift his head and sit up, but everything in his body screams.
Pulling a chair up to sit between Dean's legs, Cas opens his mouth and swallows Dean's entire caged cock.
Dean gasps, the pain on his back spiking.
“Fuck you.”
“Alright.”
But Dean had carved out a place in his heart, a special niche in his life. It didn't have anything to do with the sex. It was just Dean, and Castiel wasn't ready to let him go.
Pulling out some things form the pantry, Castiel decides to make some stew. As he cooks, he starts to mull over his care plan for Dean. There’s all of the standard, everything he’s required to teach Dean. Proper poses, introducing kinks and listening when your body is telling you it’s time to go down.
Dean’s having a hard time following anything that Alastair is saying, too confused and distracted by the throb in his head.
"So you haven't been anally penetrated before?"
Dean whines and moans, gasping and trying to pull away from the pinching fingers and slapping hands and push into the machine, so overstimulated and confused about what his body wants him to do.
"Well, you can stop with your stupid ass assumptions," Dean says indignantly. "I'm staying here."
Dean’s never liked parties all that much. There was always too much to focus on, too many things happening at once. Five different conversations happening at the same time, with at least two of them he was expected to make a response to.
It’s enough to set Dean in a fairly great mood for the rest of the day, humming rock songs as he goes about his day, doing laundry and other simple things in the home.
These last few nights haven't been awkward, per se, but it had been a week so Dean was in his own bedroom again, and Castiel practically ached of loneliness. At night, when he most wants his baby boy, he doesn't have him and the bed feels entirely too big. Needless to say, he hadn't gotten much sleep last night, and is having a hard time focusing at work today.
Cas finally lets go, hand moving up into his hair.
“Aren’t you going to thank me, toy?” Alastair asks smugly, his eyebrows raised, tone suggestive and hungry.
“Aren’t you gonna eat, Dean?” Dean hears his friend Benny’s voice somewhere beyond the pillow he’s created with his bag and jacket, because he swears the air conditioning in all the classrooms are broken. It’s either way too hot or way too cold, and Dean’s tired of it.
He cuts off a whine again, and then struggles.
“Sorry,” he says, forcing his eyes back up. “Yes, sir.”
"I need you to try and calm down," he says seriously. "Your parents are already worried about you, and I know you don't want to worry them more."
(See the end of the chapter for
Just Cas.
“So disappointing,” Cas sighs. “Can’t even do something so simple right.”
“I can’t talk about it,” he says finally. “I- Yeah.”
Dean can almost feel the air in the room get a whole hell of a lot thicker. The tension in Castiel’s shoulders only grows, the worry in his eyes and reproach tearing Dean apart.
Dean watches him try to lie, but he basically raised the kid.
"Dean," Castiel said up the stairs. "Can you come down here, please?"
Pushing himself up, Dean looks around for Cas, wondering waht time it was and where Cas is. he doesn’t usually let him sleep in very late; something or other about keeping a healthy sleep cycle and hormones, blah blah blah.
“No, Sir,” Dean says, shoveling more pie into his mouth.
It’s the last thing Dean hears before he falls asleep, exhausted.
Castiel continues spanking him, and Dean gasps as he feels himself tipping on the edge, about to fall and get lost in the pit of sensation. Castiel reaches under the bench, and when he touches Dean's cock he almost whines at how good his hand feels.
He sees everything. The way Dean's jaw clenches, every muscle in his body tightens. Fear bleeds into his eyes along with the slightest edge of panic.
“Did you come?” he asks, angling upwards, his cock hardening at Dean’s whine.
“Nothing.”
“Such pretty sounds, boy,” he muses. “You always give yourself to me so beautifully.”
Although his school is only ten minutes away, the drive feels like hours long, his anxiety twisting and turning in his chest. As he ducks into class, Ms. Milton pauses in the middle of her lecture, sighing.
Well. Most of it.
“What happened?” he mutters, hands coming up to rub the sleep out of his eyes.
Castiel keeps pinching himself, trying to open his eyes wider. Figure out something that can bring him back to awareness, because he refuses to accept this as a reality. It can't be happening.
Alastair peeks his head into the room, a cruel smile curling his lips that somehow doesn’t reach his eyes.
"The expert is talking."
"Ha! You truly are a Winchester." John laughed and Dean felt proud of himself.
"Who is that?" Tony whispered.
Chuck sighed. "Really Dean?" Chuck snapped his finger and Dean was pushed back again. He hit the ground, but got up again. Chuck snapped again and Dean started to bleed.
"Oh well, I did not know I was so famous." Scott said, but Dean shook his head.
"Dean, what- what is going on?" Sam asked.
______________________________
Dean nodded. "I had one year and then the hellhounds came after me. We tried everything, everything to prevent it from happening, but you can not outrun hellhounds. I know that Sammy felt bad about it. That I took his place. But I couldn't live without him. It was my job to protect him and I failed. It had to be me..."
"That's exactly what we think." Bobby said.
"Yeah yeah Sammy, don’t worry. You will be back for your damn interview." Dean rolled his eyes. He got into the driver seat, Sam got into the back and Bucky sat shotgun and then they drove off.
"Probably a date." Clint grinned and wiggled with his eyebrows.
"Jerk."
"You okay?"
Bucky sighed, looked at Dean who already reached the end of the stairs and followed him.
"Y-Yeah. Perfectly fine." Bucky raised his eyebrow.
"I don't know if I will stay here... We will probably leave for another town." Dean said.
"Some sort of afterlife. Not heaven or hell, but Chuck killed me with his weird light-thingie. And you are all here, so I'm definitly dead."
"What is it?" Pepper asked worriedly.
John hesitated, but then he gave Sam a gun and nodded at him. "Be careful."
"My son." They hugged him and now Dean was even more confused. "Okay, now I'm worried."
After 5 minutes they still weren‘t there and everyone became worried.
John snorted. "Yeah right. If this is Dean, then he lost his mind."
"They got that from uncle Dean. He always took them on little adventures."
"Wait wait wait. You can not just leave." Tony said and stepped in front of the boys.
"He just- I don't know, man. He is not here. I looked everywhere. There is no note, no... no nothing. Bobby doesn't know where he is either and I thought that maybe you guys would know?" Dean asked hopefully.
"Calm down Dean. It’s just… he left you and even before that, he should have given you two a home. A normal childhood." Bucky tried to explain, but Dean was getting angry.
The woman appeared next to Sam inside the impala and said "Take me home."
"Yeah, well-“
"The life of a hunter is not easy, but I won't hit the bucket that early." Dean grinned. Then he turned back to Sam. "By the way, Bobby says 'hi'."
They turned around and saw Jack standing at the stairs, with Miracle next to him.
They fought and fought and suddenly Steve flew past Sam. Thanos had punched him and send him flying half a mile until he landed next to Sam
"Thank you." He whispered and Dean smiled down at the boy.
"... We'll talk about this later. First we get your brother."
"What’s going on here?" Tony and Bucky walked in and soon the others followed.
"Them and People. They… they hurt us. I tried to protect him, but I couldn’t. He got hurt and- and-"
"C-Cas? Bobby, Charlie? T-They're all-?" Dean had tears in his eyes.
"You are not joking..." Bucky muttured and Dean shook his head.
"Tony Stark, aka Iron Man. Nice to meet you Miss. I see you have met my son."
He tried to get up, but couldn't because his body hurt so much.
The tv instantly turned on and the kids turned to Bucky.
"Well I am glad you are fine, dad." Dean said and smiled at him.
"He wants to help."
"You think they can handle themselves?" Tony asked Bucky.
They smiled and then Jack waved slightly. "Goodbye Dean."
"Mhmm. Right..."
"So we‘re building a time-machine?“ Steve asked and Tony nodded.
"Yay! Uncle Dee is coming!" Jack jumped up and down and the two smiled.
"It's true." John said. "You died four months ago on the job. It was hard, for all of us and now... Bobby and Ellen found you on the side of the street, so how did you get there? How are you alive?" He asked.
"A van, over there in a storage room."
"Also, he is a freaking angel, man. He doesn't even know how to 'love' like we do."
"Well in this world, Dean had saved him from a burning building. His owners were already dead and everyone tried to prevent Dean from rushing in there, but no one could stop him and so he ran into the building again to save at least the dog. Afterwards the dog didn't want to leave. The vet said it was a miracle that he survived so long in the burning house and so Dean named him Miracle." Castiel explained, as he smiled down at them. Dean got up again looked at the car.
"Was he annoying in your world as well?" Castiel asked.
"What?" Tony walked up and looked at the body. "You're right."
"No hospitals. Just do what you can."
Dean glaced at Bucky for a second and then looked back at his brother. "Keep fighting. Take care of my wheels. And keep the superheroes in check." Sam and Dean were both close to tears now. "Sam, remember what dad taught you. Okay?"
"They also live around here. They were good friends of our Dean, so they deserve to know." John explained.
They looked around and saw the ghost woman standing next to a dead body. She was staring at them, not moving.
Dean shook his head. "You guys don't know what you're doing."
"Hello Dean." A soft voice suddenly said and they all turned around, to see Rob, no Chuck, God standing there calmly.
"Ah! The small warriors have arrived!" He laughed and put the weights to the side.
"Dean, how are you?" Steve smiled.
"Oh Tony would only spend his money on something stupid and or useless things, so this actually helps." Pepper said and handed Bucky the third shopping bag.
Dean nodded slightly. "I- I guess you are right."
"I'm not lying."
Dean looked at Sam curious. "How? I only remind him of the man who was like a father to him, who he lost."
"Dean?!"
"I think so. If you look where our other cases have been, then the leader must be in the middle." Castiel said and pointed on the map.
"Did we do it?“
"Dad was at Travis' garage to fix the impala. He is waiting outside. We can go home."
"Not really. I swear he loved that car more than me. After he died, I asked John if he wanted the car back, but he insisted that I keep her. Even though I know nothing about cars..." Castiel muttered the last part and Dean smiled.
"I'd like my knife back, please."
"Yep. They ran into us and wanted to bring us to the police again, but we convinced them not to. Tony Stark has an AI. He tried to look for you for us, but it's like you don't exist. I was scared that you actually died."
"You Winchesters are always causing trouble..." Crowley muttered and grabbed a drink.
FRIDAY informed the Avengers that the Winchester brothers arrived and they immediately got up to greet them.
Sam rolled his eyes. "Just- What do you want?"
They laughed and drove back to the tower.
"Wait, you're just gonna leave me here?"
"So... Dean, what do you remember?" Steve asked carefully.
"They- they sliced and... carved and tored me in ways that you-. Until there was nothing left. And then suddenly I would be whole again... like magic. Just so they could start it all over. And a demon, Alastair at the end of every day... everyone, he would come over and he would make me an offer to take me off the rack if I put souls on. If I started the torture. And everyday I told him to stick it where the sun shines. For 30 years I told... But then I couldn't do it anymore Bucky." Deans voice cracked and tears started to form in his eyes. "I couldn't... And I got off that wreck. God help me I got right off it and I started ripping them appart... I lost count of how many souls." Dean held back his tears, but Bucky saw how hard that was for him. "The th-... things I did to them...-"
"Bullshit! That's not real, right? ...right?" Clint asked nervously.
"I mean why not...? Thor is a god, Asgard is real, angels and demons, hell,... why not God himself?"
"I guess. It's surprisingly easy with all you guys."
"Also." Tony pulled out a cassette tape from his pocket and gave it to Dean.
"Here are some bandages." Wanda said as she handed Sam some that she found on a table in the corner.
"I can still fight."
"You just want to watch it now, because you want to be prepared to fight against the ghosts." Natasha stated.
"You do?!" Sam asked and Bucky nodded and took his glove off to reveal the silver shining metal.
"Dean! Where is he? Is he here?“ Sam asked and looked around.
"No, Cas he doesn't- It was a joke." Dean explained.
Dean grabbed the baby from the crib and held her against his chest with one arm. With his other hand he grabbed the young boy and ran outside.
Right then Tony came around the corner with around 30 people following him and more and more joined the mop of paparazzi.
"Did you at least find some stuff for Sam and Dean?" Steve asked and Bucky raised his arms where all the shopping bags hang from.
He heard the suit beeping and ran faster.
"No! I can not go over there. She would instantly loose interest in Sam and would want to hang out with me." Tony shouted/whispered.
"Yes you ca-" Dean was interrupted by a distant yell.
"Hey Bucky." Dean grinned.
"You should have gotten rid of the body. Now the police could come and ask questions." One of the men said.
"Shit kid!"
Dean looked at his brother.
"Do you know about what happened?" Dean asked and the woman looked confused.
Tony nodded. "Thanos, the big bad purple guy took the infinity stones and snapped half of the universe away. You two vanished right in front of...“ Tony stopped talking.
John sighed. "Apparently Crowley turned into a demon."
______________________________
"Call if you need help." Tony said and turned to Dean. "... Dean-"
"Sure."
Sam just rolled his eyes.
"Hey man."
"Y-You are back. Back and alive." Castiel sobbed and Dean hugged him tight. "I don't know what's going on, but you know that I dont like it when you two cry." Dean told them and Castiel laughed slightly. Sam, Mary and John walked up to them.
"It's alright Dean. Don't worry about it. I should have known that you would be jumpy and it's good that your first instinct was to protect Sam. Just know that we would never harm you and that we only want what's best for the both of you."
Dean nodded.
After breakefast Sam and Dean packed their stuff. Natasha got the location of the psychic and now Bobby and the boys prepared to leave. They went to the Impala, in Tony‘s garage.
At this point Bucky, Tony, Steve and Natasha stood close by, listening.
"I know."
"Actually... I don't know exactly why us, but Sammy and I are 'special' or something. We have a certain bloodline in us that allows Lucifer and Michael to take over our bodies, without our bodies... exploding. Great right."
Steve, Hulk, Thor, Wanda, and Vision were all there as well. Bucky, Natasha, Clint and Bobby stood outside the building and kept watch.
______________________________
Bucky sighed. After walking through the corridor, they reached an open area with boxes. These boxes were filled with guns.
Dean glared at them. "We don’t know you and we won’t just follow you."
Dean didn't know what to say, he just walked up to them and hugged them both at the same time, throwing his arms around them.
They got the bus and Dean drove with the Impala to the Avengers compound, Scott followed him in his van.
"Woah! This is awesome." Sam started to pick up one book after another and instantly sat down at the table and flicked through them.
"Oh, I'm Scott, also known as Antman."
After a few minutes of silence Dean heard a knock on the door.
"Gotta be prepared."
"What do you mean... missing?
"Sir, we have to check you over as well." A medic said to Dean, but he just shook his head.
"Papa..." Jack muttered and Castiel hugged Jack and gently stroked his head.
The sun started to rise and they all began to clean everything up and helped the injured ones.
Dean nodded. "Well I'm just glad that you are all fine." Dean smiled and then leaned over and kissed Castiel on the cheek.
"Not much. We only got a few information from the prisoner, but SHIELD managed to find out some stuff thanks to the old files that were hidden there. Hopefully we can find all of their secret locations and get rid of them."
Sam didn't trust his voice not to break and so he just nodded.
"Must have been the ghost." Bucky knelt down and looked at the broken pieces.
"Shit! FRIDAY?!" Tony asked and he activated his suit. The other Avengers too prepared to fight, though they didn't know what to fight.
"Yeah..." Bucky nodded and they both went to bed.
"See you Uncle Dean! Uncle Cas!"
"Ehm, guys?" Sam said and the others looked to their right.
"Still great kids."
"Maybe your information wasn't up to date."
"You go ahead, Sam. We'll be there shortly." Tony said and Sam left with a shrug.
"We already tried out a lot of things and every time we wanted to go to New York, a case came up and we basically had to get to the other side of the map. And Dean didn't want to call you, because you guys have probably more important things to take care of." Sam explained and the Avengers glared at Dean.
Chuck sighed. "Not every universe."
"Good idea." Sam nodded and they all went into the house.
Thanos looked down at Castiel.
"Oh he is like an old man. Always grim and complaining." Tony laughed and Dean glared at him. "See!"
"... It's just some weird dreams lately... I'm sure its nothing."
"Oh, it- it's totally fine..." Jessica smiled.
"Should we tell Garth...?" Sam asked.
"It doesn't matter, but what does matter is that the same thing happened yesterday."
Dean took several steps foreward, but knew that he would never be able to catch up. Was he hallucinating? There is no way that their dad was here. Probably just another guy with a great taste in cars.
Dean nodded and then punched her in the face.
"What- really?!“ Tony looked shocked.
When they arrived, it was already dark.
"The what know?" Dean asked confused.
"Thanos was really evil, I‘m telling you.“ Dean grumbled.
"No, this is more... complicated."
"Did he say anything?" Bucky asked.
"Well he worked half a mile in that direction, at the building factory, but I am sure your father knows that."
"We should bring the kids to bed." Bucky got up and went over to the sleeping boys, when suddenly Dean shot up and almost hit Bucky, but thankfully Bucky had good reflexes.
"None of us know any Chuck, Dean." Sam said and the others behind him nodded in agreement.
"You are an idiot." Sam said.
"Who is that?" Asked Wanda, as she, Vision and Falcon came into the room and stood next to the other Avengers.
Castiel looked over to Dean, who had shut down the TV and walked towards them.
Jack looked at him confused.
"When I 'vanished', I fought against others and I... died and Dean made a deal. His life for mine. He has one year, or, well 3 months now."
"Did he take any weapons with him?" Natasha asked.
Bucky raised and eyebrow at that.
"Yeah. Finally something new."
"Thank you." Vision nodded and Wanda smiled slightly while Dean smirked at her.
"You have an idea?" Steve asked him.
"Exactly, if he annoys you, then you have enough money to stay somewhere else for a few days."
"Dean!" Sam smiled at him. "We were worried about you! I saved you some pizza!"
"You guys don’t happen to know anything that could help, right? We tried everything, but…"
"Is he not human?" Bruce asked.
He groaned as he stretched his legs and slowly got up. He still wore his clothes that were covered in his blood, but at least his face seemed a bit more clean, as he realized when he went a hand over his face and didn't feel any dried blood.
"Should we call the police?" Mary asked, now slightly scared of Dean.
"How about you?" Bucky asked.
The others just looked at Dean confused, but shrugged it off.
"It was great. The teachers and classmates are really nice and I met a lot of new friends." Sam said happily.
"You work here...?"  John raised an eyebrow.
"Alright, let's go. Tony is about to convince them to leave us alone, so let's go to the car and get the hell out of here."
"I am Dean Winchester and this is my brother Sam."
"Dean-"
"We are not." Mary said.
His plan worked and the man turned around to see, whatever Dean saw. Dean took the chance and grabbed the sandwiches and ran out of the store.
"I want Lilith dead. That's all." She said, but Dean didn't believe her.
"Oh, so you could save him?" Bucky heard Sam say and he looked around the corner to see him talking to a blonde woman. Some painting and candle were lying next to them on the ground. Sam had summoned a demon...
"Yeah, you're right. It'll only cause more trouble."
"Look Dean, we have no other options here. We need the Stone. I see no way around it and I doubt that this guy is bluffing.“
"You really pay attention to everything, don't you?" Dean looked at Sam and he shrugged.
Now only Tony, Bucky, Natasha, Bruce, Thor, Clint, Steve, Sam and Dean were left. They currently sat outside on some debris. They all had a beer and Dean and Tony were currently trying to repair the Impala, because some rubble had fallen onto Dean‘s baby when Thanos had attacked.
"You know, I am so sick of you, proving myself to you. You wanna save yourself? This is how, you dumb, spineless dick."
"Bitch... You know, we made a hell of a team back there, with Bucky."
"Law school?"
(sorry if this doesn't make sense. It's really just... I don't even know)
"But why? You have your brother, you have your awesome car with your awesome music."
Sam sighed but nodded.
"What?"
"I am sorry to hear that." Steve said and all the Avengers looked sad and Dean hated that they pitied them.
"What do you mean?" Tony looked confused.
Suddenly they heard a knock on the door and everyone looked confused at it. Sam who was the closest to the door walked over and opened it.
"So what's the theory?" Bucky asked.
"Well... Your angel over there had other plans, so...“ Tony grinned.
"Desperate enough?"
"In case one of them went on a date with a girl... or, in Dean's case a guy... then I can hear every word they say even when they are further away." Tony explained.
"Azazel was his name. Ugly asshole... Anyway, he wanted to feed Sam demon blood. It's a bit much to explain, but-... he wanted to release Lucifer and needed a strong child with demon blood in him. Mary came into Sam's room and Azazel attacked her. He pinned her to the ceiling and set her on fire."
"Perfect! This way, young gentlemen." Tony walked ahead and the brothers followed. They reached a big room and their eyes went wide. It had a huge king sized bed in the middle if the room. A big tv on the wall, a large table with two chairs and two laptops, a walk-in wardrobe and a door that led to a private bathroom. Everything looked brand new and clean.
"No dummy, he is a different Dean!"
Just as they reached the house, Ruby came from behind.
Outside, Dean had shot two werewolves. They had killed five people by eating their hearts in the middle of the street. In the distance, he saw a Djinn and a Golem chasing other people. This was just wrong. It wasn't like in his world, where people could slowly turn into a creature. It was like these monsters just suddenly appeared randomly. Like someone was putting them there.
"Sammy, it's me."
"Well, I got a message from Charlie and missed calls from Bobby, so something is-" Sam stopped when he saw someone out of the corner of his eyes.
"Hello ma'am. I am Dean Winchester and this is my brother Sam."
"What about you?" Bucky asked Dean, but he shrugged.
"... do we want to know what happened or not?“ Sam asked.
Dean nodded. "Where is Sam? He must have done something."
"Sorry. The police found us and dragged us to an orphanage. I tried to convince them that you would be home soon, but the guy at the hotel told them that you had left a week ago, so they thought you abandoned us..."
"This, this will change everything." Jody said. "God, Multiple Universes...  That's incredible... and scary."
They wandered through the forest for almost an hour when Tony got bored and suggested that they turn around. Right in that moment though, Bucky saw something.
"All right, come on boy. Let's have a look at her." John said and grabbed his jacket and keys. Dean grabbed a cap and a jacket from the bag and followed John outside.
"You look like you are still injured and after everything that he said, you should really sit down."
"I- yes. They are all friends and collegues of mine. I actually grew up with them and Gabriel is like a brother to me. How do you-... I mean... who were they in your world?"
"NOOO!!" He slowly walked towards the entrance of the cage and they could see that Lucifer was fighting against it.
"Wait!" The man yelled, but Dean had already vanished between the trees and finally the man gave up.
John smiled too. "And I'm glad that you boys are fine. I was worried when you weren't home. I thought a monster got you. I looked everywhere for you."
"What would have happened if he..."
"..Thor...you look so...different.“ Sam looked him up and down.
"What do you mean? I am human, of course."
"I don‘t know how that could help, but alright...“ Castiel said and then Dean snapped out of it.
"Careful Sammy. Don’t break them." Dean muttered as he picked one up and instantly put it back again because it looked boring.
"He wants the rings." Dean said in panic.
After an hour Dean became bored and started to walk around a bit, though he still stayed close to Sam. He looked at all the books, but most of them were scientific, something Dean knew nothing of and had no interest in.
"I-I'm, Th-They-" His voice sounded rough and broken.
"You know you owe him nothing, right?"
"It's her."
"They would have been proud of you as well, Dean. What you did... It's just- I couldn't ask for a better older brother." Sam smiled at Dean and Dean rolled his eyes.
. You deserved a life, you deserved to be
Maybe there are some benefits to doing your laundry at 3am that Cas hadn't considered yet.
Cas shakes his head, face scrunching up and tears welling over his eyes, "Don't- don't say that."
David.
Dean shouts back, "Well maybe- maybe I am gonna walk Cas, okay! I don't know!"
It's as Cas has his index and middle fingers poking the bulge in the satin up into a facsimile of what would
Dean doesn't stop to think before he's kissing Cas again. Afterall, they've got a lot of time to make up for.
Cas startles at the interruption to his wallowing (his very
Sam and Jack looked engrossed in binging through
"Night, Cas."
scared. Dean's spent his whole life pretending he wasn't, but all the walls are down now - and he's
“Right, well, wish me luck.” Dean stands and walks away with a wink that does
"I'll see you around, Cas." Dean says over his shoulder. "And, uh, keep the underwear. I got more pairs anyway." He says, then
He looks off into the distance for a second, before turning a honestly
Dean trips slightly on the way out of the portal. That's probably because Sam sighed and pushed him in when he turned back and started to say something like
He's, honestly, fairly attractive.
Yeah.
Cas takes Dean's hand, and leads him back to the Impala.
A matching smile spreads across Dean's face at hearing Cas' voice. "It's by flavor, dude, which is why you don't get it," Dean turns and reaches down to swipe the bowl out from under Cas, leaving him with just a sugar-crusted spoon to tap against the solid wood of the table. "Molecules, right?" Dean asks, as he drops the bowl in the skin.
"It was always gonna be like this."
to try and pick up, if this is how they tend to act.
"But Dean, I- that's not exactly accurate."
Dean takes a strangled breath out, but is still looking anywhere but Cas' face. "I never slept with any of those girls, or any of those guys. All the ones I've been picking up, I haven't actually slept with a
Dean purses his lips. "A bruise? Cas, man, seriously? I know a hickey when I see one." Okay, Dean
at Cas, and with that the door swings shut.
"Cas, man, you didn't see the way that guy was looking at you, like he, like he-"
"Cas?" Jack asks, laying a hand on Cas' shoulder.
"No, of course we were gonna tell Sam just- not 2 seconds after we walk in the door! And not through telling him you gave me a hickey!"
"Um," Cas says, perfectly eloquent.
"Cas, I-
"Okay. Okay, Dean."
, grabbing Cas' phone off the nightstand as Cas shrugged on his trenchcoat and casually putting his number in.
say that, but I'm an angel. We're different from humans. I'm different from you." Cas says that last sentence in a way that suggests there's more wrapped up in it beyond angel vs. human perspectives on sexuality. But they don't really have time to get into all that at the moment.
the end.
"Dude, is- is that a
"Look, I- there's something I need to say. And I don't want you to cut me off this time, alright?"
Cas shakes his head, "I was going to come see you, you just had to
Dean pats Cas on the shoulder and plops down across from him with a bowl of one of the more brightly colored cereals, and grins at Cas over his spoon.
"Where are you going?"
"What's the matter, man? You-" a look of realization crosses Dean's face, "You don't think you deserve to be saved?"
"Here, man, you'll need this," Dean says, holding out a worn machete to Cas.
"I love you too, Cas," Dean breathes, and leans forward to close a gap he hasn't closed since he was a teenager. Cas meets Dean in the middle and closes that same gap for the first time in his long, long life.
. Cas looks from their loosely intertwined hands up to Dean's face, back to their hands, back up to Dean's face, back to their hands
. He opens the door and is met with Cas standing next to one of the beds hastily taking his shirts out of his duffle bag and throwing them down with a rustle and a soft
happy." Dean says it like it's the truest thing he's ever said, like it's the only thing he's ever really
old days of watching humanity from afar. Back before hell, or the apocalypse, or the wars fought in the name of it. Back before the Fall, and dying more than once. Back before Dean. It's odd, statistically speaking this past decade and change only amounts to what could be considered the space between one blink and the next if he were human, but to Cas it feels like all that time before was just leading up to now. Like it was all a protracted prologue to get him here. Here, incidentally, being a bar a few stains short of seedy on the outskirts of Kansas. It's not a glamorous life, all things considered, but it's one he finds comfort in.
instead and that I wanted
Dean narrows his eyes, grips Cas' shoulder tighter, and sets his jaw. "Oh, were you? Well, not anymore. We're leaving. Cas, come on."
Cas smiles faintly and shakes his head, "It's not Sam."
Bar Guy's hand insistently finding its way onto Cas' thigh just further confirms his suspicion.
autopilot, crashes him lips into Cas'. Once his brain catches up with his body, Dean pulls back.
go there that the wood door to the laundry room creaks open.
but it was not the kind of peace he'd earned after all these years. Dean takes Cas' head in his hands and lifts it up off the floor (is it even a floor? Tendrils of the empty cling to the side of Cas' face and break off like, for lack of a better comparison, strings of warm cheese pulling apart. It's gross, all things considered, but Dean's not focused on that right now).
that Cas is afraid that simple touch would scare him off entirely.
Great, so this guy's got a really cool girlfriend (or at the very least a very cool one night stand) who leaves her underwear laying around his place. If Cas didn't already hate the guy he certainly did now, how dare he not be chronically single like everyone else (or, more accurately, like Cas is)? And he's washing what looks like fairly high quality underwear in the same load as what seems to be an entire Sportsman's Warehouse?
and it's- it's-
"Because I want you, Cas!"
Dean grins, "Great, I'll just-" and he jabs a thumb over his shoulder in lieu of finishing the sentence before walking off towards the kitchen to make the "somewhat agreeable" popcorn he'd promised.
Cher kisses Josh and the credits roll. Cas thinks, in the faded light of the tv screen, that he wishes sometimes real life was more like the movies. The movies with happy endings and fairy tale weddings and fashionable outfit changes. Not the movies with death, and blood, and hopelessly grim endings. Not the movie their lives would likely be if they were on screen. Though he wouldn't trade what they have for anything else - it's safe to say he wouldn't mind a wardrobe change.
Dean steals a glance over once or twice and then eventually sighs. "Look, Cas-"
So, yes, it's been a week.
," Cas breathes out. And that's a sentence in and of itself - just
as hell so I decided 'yeah, yeah maybe I can have a friend. Just this once.'" Dean shakes his head, and Cas knows that's the head shake that means
"Just call the business number any time of day. I'm the one who gets the phones so," Dean shrugs again, "works for now, right?"
Somewhere after the 2nd pair of jeans and the 3rd flannel, Cas' mood shifts from irritated to pissed for no reason whatsoever other than it gives him something to think about.
"Sam!"
"It's okay, it's okay, Cas. I'm right here. I'm here." And at that Dean's head drops forward, lands softly on Cas' shoulder. He doesn't have to check Dean's pulse to know.
A voice in the back of Cas' head screams out.
smile in Cas' direction. "I'm Dean," he says, grinning and holding his hand out.
"Me?"
They're on a backroad in the middle of nowhere, because whenever Dean's behind the wheel it seems like they're always on a backroad in the middle of nowhere. Like he has every single one across the whole of America cataloged in his head. He's driving with both hands on the wheel and a face full of cuts and bruises, and Cas is sitting in the passenger's seat looking out the window with his arms firmly crossed - pissed.
Bar Guy picks up on Cas' derision. "You know what the best way to get over someone is?"
He leaves it half open because: benefit number one, no one is going to be down here with him anyway, so why worry about locking it behind him?
mad, he was ice cold, dead silent mad. And the guy knew what was happening so he got his clothes and he left right away and when the door closed dad he- he just looked at me. And I'd never seen him look at me like that like he-" Dean finally lets a broken sob dig it's way out of his throat as he feels the tears from his face drip onto his forearms, "He looked so
Cas accepted, if only so Dean would stop trying to alphabetize the cereals for a while.
"Hi, Dean," Jack smiles, still looking every bit the kid that he is, despite the godliness.
"I- uh." Cas answers.
Cas thinks, somehow, the way the "regular" Dean Winchester makes him feel is more cosmic and divine than anything he could feel looking at his soul - though he's still of the opinion that Dean's soul is one of the few truly beautiful ones his father created. Maybe he's biased, but he can't find it in himself to change his mind.
Cas walks over to the washing machine he'd stuck his clothes in half an hour prior, and hoists them out and into his waiting laundry basket, humming absent-mindedly under his breath.
"Right," Dean repeats, easy smile still resting on his face. He reaches over and grabs the handles of his laundry basket, lifting it up and heading towards the door.
Dean looks relieved at that, like he'd been carrying a weight on his shoulders his whole life and only now did someone finally tell him
he could let it slide, not like Dean would judge him for it either way but-
"Right." Dean swallows down the urge to correct him with an
With a business number in smaller font below that.
(See the end of the chapter for
"Rough month, if I'm being honest."
"Dean, please, you have to." He needs Dean to leave him, knows that
Cas balks, and his fight-or-flight response immediately tells his arm that's holding the offending underwear to shoot behind his back, like the guy in front of him is some kind of toddler without object permanence and will just... forget they were even there to begin with. Or maybe even that Cas was there, or had an arm to be holding hot pink underwear in at all. Absolutely foolproof.
Dean takes a long breath out, "And then we left the next day. Never came back and, I never saw that guy again. But dad, he looked at me different after that, treated me different. Worse. He sent me on my first solo case a few months later but I- I think he just wanted to get rid of me. Like he couldn't bear to look at me, look at what I
Cas could swear Dean always hesitates before he clicks the door shut - but maybe that's still just wishful thinking.
from picture-perfect, and it's definitely not tasteful. But there's no more
"Hello, Sam.” Cas greets, as he walks down the steps.
first."
Dean slides his palm from Cas' cheek, down his arm, and twines their fingers together. "Cas, come on, we gotta go," and nods his head at the flickering yellow line of a portal a few paces behind him.
Cas' head had started swimming halfway through Dean's speech. All this time, all these months, maybe
"Before that, when we got to school there the first day, I walked into whatever class I was stuck in at 8am and sat in the back because, ya know, we never hung around long so I didn't plan on learning much anyways. Didn't plan on making any friends either but, well," Dean actually smiles a bit at this. This part of the memory is fonder, afterall. "So I'm leaned back in my chair with my feet propped up on the desk getting the stink eye from the teacher already and this guy next to me he just, he just says hi to me, and he introduces himself and for some reason, I dunno I just- I just start talking to him. And he was nice and
Somewhere caught up in an epiphany and half Dean finds a second to register they should probably - very quickly - get the hell out of there.
"Ugh, fine. You're right."
Sam purses his lips, "Dude, that's not how it works-"
"Stay. Don't leave me."
. The way Cas says it like a prayer, like a promise, like a goddamn benediction. Like Dean's the holy one in this equation. Dean's hit with the realization that there's nothing different in the way Cas said his name just then compared to any time before that - that he's always been
Cas squints, "Well, I'd hope so, I put it there."
Cas considers it, then lets out a small laugh, still picking at the label on his half-drunk beer.
They stop and look at each other rather than continue their litany of unnecessary apologies. One breath, two, three, four.
"Yeah, but you healed me, so I'm all good."
"Now who's assuming?"
The guy scoffs and turns to sip his drink. Then says, with a truly incredible amount of courage or idiocy, "Whatever. Know not to get involved with a jealous boyfriend when I see one."
supposed to come back."
This time, It
"Yeah, you made a stupid deal, and I'm here to break it. So let's get out of here," Dean turns and motions back towards the bright fissure of a portal a few yards away.
Dean puts on some of his battle worn false confidence, "Yeah? Who's the lucky guy?"
Cas sighs and looks around the bar, digging his thumbnail under the label of his beer. "I'm not sure," he turns back to Dean with a faint smile. "We could always relax. You
Cas turns them over in his hands, and the fabric almost looks like it melts around his fingers it's so smooth. The lace is also surprisingly intricate, with little pentagrams weaved into what looks like neverending figure-eights of flames. And all still a bright hot pink to boot.
"But if I could-"
Dean sees now, looking into Cas' eyes, the same bright blue they always were, the same ones he would always get lost in. He sees the tears, how
, Cas." Dean finally looks up to meet Cas' eye.
Cas keeps staring at the text. He checks the time. It's late enough that if he left now he would get back around when everyone would be going to sleep, and could come up with a nonspecific excuse to avoid any questions as to his whereabouts. Honestly, that night had been fun. He understands now why Dean partakes in that particular past-time so often. Cas opens the keyboard to respond when - like he could read Cas' thoughts from across the bunker - Dean walks in.
pulling off my jacket and I just-" Dean stops and runs a shaky hand over his face.
, I- um, I- no. No. We're not uh- we're not," Dean rapidly flaps one hand between the two of them, "we're just, just-"
Cas turns and finds a man with short-cropped hair and a leather jacket smirking at him from one stool over.
can't sometimes, but you showed me you didn't have to believe in something, you just had to
Cas watches him, and for some reason his mouth finally decides to catch up with his head.
"No, it's
kissing. Only the credits aren't rolling, and it must look
, one on top of the other. They'd finally gotten Cas to start switching up his outfit every now and again, so at least he's stress unpacking his own clothes and not Dean's (which really isn't so far out of the realm of possibility for him).
"Uh, yeah, sure." Dean replies, deciding that if this is how their day was going to go he might as well be caffeinated for it.
wasn't supposed to come back that night. He was supposed to be gone another week on a hunt he- he
jackass." They both laugh at that, it breaks a bit of the tension, but Dean isn't done yet. Isn't done saying all he's had to say.
Dean, on adrenaline fueled
. Like he's a fake. A ghost.
Cas walks out of the kitchen, down the hallway, and slams his bedroom door.
and not for the first time Cas finds him so, so beautiful. Cas smiles too, and if he were in Dean's head he'd know that Dean finds
"Cas-"
Cas watches them go, sighs again, and picks some more at the tattered remains of the beer label.
. "I guess I can stay for a little while."
Cas is eyeing the off-white couch now situated in the middle of the "Dean Cave", flanked by the 2 leather recliners that previously made up the only sit-able furniture in the room. It's a bit small, potentially enough for 3 grown men, but it's more than likely Dean got it with the intention that it would be used 2 at a time, considering there were 2 other perfectly good chairs to sit in.
Cas thinks,
"And what if I did want to sleep with him, Dean! What then? Why does it even matter to you who I sleep with, who I
Castiel's hand speeds up, and Dean pants, trying his best to push his hips forward and hump into Castiel's hand.
Michael’s cell phone.
thanks to all of you for coming along on this crazy ride.
“And it’s Tuesday,” he says pointedly. “Come on. You need a break.”
“Um,” Dean stumbles over his words, too busy trying to figure out how to escape the room. “I’m sorry, Sir, but if Master didn’t tell me, then I’m not allowed to.”
What a wishful thinker.
Dean comes so hard he almost blacks out, so lost and vulnerable he would have been scared if it was anyone else. Doms are scary. Subspace is
He tried that once, and that…
“I don’t know,” Gabriel says. “We’ve been trying to figure that out. It has to be someone with high enough clearance to know the dates and layout of each run-“
Cas's got him.
Not yet, anyway.
“Why?” Michael is the closest thing Castiel has to an archenemy. In other words, a rival. The head of one of the biggest mob gangs in the city, second only to Castiel. But they deal with things like human trafficking, whereas Castiel deals with illegal firearms and drugs. He might be a ‘bad guy,’ but as fucked as it is, he still has a moral compass. He doesn't hurt innocent people.
“Come,” he says, pulling Dean out from underneath the desk. “You’re wearing my collar, boy. You take what I give you.”
He doesn’t really get it. How, or why people can be that hateful. Sam and Eileen hate him as much as Dean and Cas do, but they all put up with it because Eileen’s sister is the sweetest, best person ever. It also doesn’t hurt that she makes a killer pie.
After presenting as a level 10 dominant at 14, he immediately decided to enroll himself in more intense Dom Ed classes, because the American education system is a joke. His trainer, Meg, took a liking to him and eventually decided to hire him for the Program, and that’s where Castiel has been ever since.
“It’ll hurt,” he says. “And I know you like that, but I won’t let you come. I won’t touch you, won’t give you permission and I’ll ice you down and lock you up after. Do you want that?”
"Dean-"
And he continues to do it, in more ways than one.
He knew, right?
For a while, Dean’s in heaven. Cas’s hand on his cock and the beads touching him in all the right places, but the touches are light. Teasing. Cas gets him worked up, and so, so close, but not nearly close enough.
Right as he starts to come, Sir takes his hand away.
“Alpha?” Dean asks. “What are we doing today?”
He's usually fine. Much better at hiding how gross he feels, but this week sucked and he doesn't have any energy left.
Castiel's eyed widened in panic. "
Not that Dean’s complaining. He loves the soft kisses, the gentle touching. Can’t get enough of it.
“Good boy,” he says. “And you’re okay with me not telling you what I have planned?”
“Um,” he says, a flush slowly creeping up his neck, eyes glued on Cas’s hand. “It’s- I don’t know. You should know. You were there.”
Castiel can’t even begin to describe the rage he feels at the thought of losing Dean. Dean is his. And he’s lost him. Castiel doesn’t even realize he’s seething until he realizes he’s shattered his coffee mug, thrown it clear across the room.
one more to go! lots of smut and resolutions and making up next chapter.
“Alpha?” Dean asks, his voice small. “Was it- Was I good?”
Breathing out a sigh of relief, Dean hesitates before dialing. The phone rings four painful times, and then there’s a hesitant answer.
"Right," Dean says sarcastically. "Sammy, let me see him."
“What?” Cas asks. “I need to get rid of that before I put the cage on, Dean.”
"Y'sold me," he mutters, feeling Castiel untie his arms. "You-"
Not yet. Not unless Daddy says.
“What? Why? What did I do?”
Finally, Castiel levels a gaze towards the beautiful boy sitting in the chair across from him, and he knew he would do anything to have him.
“What- what about the other one?” he asks.
The first thing Dean notices when he wakes up is the dull throb in his head. It’s a low ache, like a band wrapped around his head. Groaning, he tries to sit up, his brain sluggish.
Principal Moseley sighs, leaning back in her seat.
“You’re terrified,” Castiel says. “Of submission. Of me. How come? Did someone hurt you?”
“This is a special cage,” he says, answering Dean’s unasked question. “It’s made for long-term wear. This will go on when we begin, tomorrow.”
Memories of last week and the last time Dean lipped off to Cas start to cloud Dean's head. He chokes on his own spit, but Cas isn’t done.
Dean huffs, even as relief fills his chest. “That was mean, Sir.”
“That he did,” Michael says, sitting down on the bed next to Dean. “He likely still does. But I had something he needed, and Castiel is very smart. He weighed the importance; what I had and you, and he finally realized that what I had is more important.”
“What?” Cas asks, running his thumb along Dean’s cheek.
Cas looks up, momentarily startled, but then graces Dean with a soft smile.
Not just the whip marks, all over his body, but the dull, almost numb pain that came with the thought of losing Cas.
Perks of a rich boyfriend. Dean feels like he’s too dirty to even go inside.
“Wait,” he says quietly, Dean's chin in his hand, jacking himself off. Dean has to cut off a whine, wanting to do it himself, but he can't. Not until Cas lets him.
“That sounds awesome,” he agrees. It’s been too long since their last vacation. “We could even go-“
“Open,” he says, pushing his favorite gag down into his throat.
Dean tries not to bristle at the words, knowing his friend means well. It’s a perfectly acceptable question, but he’s tired of people thinking every time he has a bad day it’s just because he isn’t fulfilling his ’submissive needs.’ Dean’s never needed anyone but himself and maybe Sammy, and he’s not going to rely on some asshole Dom to keep his head level or whatever shit they spout in his required Sub Ed class he never pays attention to anyway. He had tried it. Submitting, trying to match with a Dom.
Dean doesn't have enough time to process his words before Cas's belt comes down on his ass. Dean yelps, but Cas apparently isn't expecting him to answer because then there's another one.
Dean isn’t sure how much longer he can deal with the dildo fucking him, the fingers prying and pinching and spanking. It all feels so good, it’s all too much.
“Yeah, of course,” Dean says, a little confused why Cas was being so serious about this conversation.
“Dean.”
"But you weren't," Dean says.
Yeah, okay. Cas is hot, Dean will admit it.
He designs cars now. His own line of electric cars, quickly becoming even more popular than the Tesla.
If only Dean knew how much Castiel meant that.
He’s never had that before.
"Two options, sub," Castiel says. "You be good, kneel for me and let me feed you. Or you can fight me, I'll spank you, and then feed you anyway. While your ass does look lovely all red and sore for me, I've already had to spank you twice and I don't think you want another one tonight. So, what'll it be?"
When he didn't answer, Cas had made his way up the stairs, fully ready to scold his bratty boy, but he wasn't in his room. He wasn't in Castiel's, either, but there was something sitting on the bed. And it’s Dean’s. His sweet boy’s collar, broken to pieces with a note attached to it. with shaking hands, Castiel tries to control his rage as he picks up the note.
Fuck the rules. Dean scoots back as far as he can get, which isn’t that far cause of the headboard. He shakes his head rapidly, high, begging noises coming out of the back of his throat.
“Cas- Sir, can you lock it?” he asks. “Please?”
That’s all it is.
The sound that Dean makes is unrecognizable. It’s somewhere between a sob and a moan, between pain and pleasure, and he was wrong before.
From that whole experience, he learned that he couldn’t have any emotional connections, especially not the romantic kind. Castiel Novak fought for everything he has. He was birthed by shitty, druggy parents, who pawned him off on shitty, druggy relatives, and he had to crawl and drag himself out of the hole that his parents had dumped him in. His past fucked him up.
Castiel looks at him, and Dean's confusion only grows when he sees a flicker of amusement through the Dom's eyes.
The words hit Dean like a knife to the spine, pain tearing him up.
Opening his eyes, he pushes himself up enough to scan the room, and there's no sign of Castiel anywhere. The sheets are cold next to him.
“Red, Sir. And yellow if I’d like to talk out of scene.”
Dean awkwardly takes a seat on the other side, shaking his leg nervously.
The longest Cas has ever left Dean in the cage was two weeks. Dean hadn't been eating consistently and kept 'forgetting' to do homework. Cas put an end to that as soon as he found out, and he thoroughly enjoyed frustrating him every day, making sure he was aching and needy so that he would ‘learn.’
let me know if there's anything you'd like to see!
Cas pushes something in front of Dean, and Dean tries to figure out what he’s looking at when something is pushing into his hole. Dean gasps, torn between pushing his hips down to meet it or pull away and make it easier for his caged cock.
Well, that ended badly.
“Really,
So Dean ignores it, and the sick feeling of dread coming along with it.
“What?” he asks.
"If we do this, I have conditions," Cas says seriously. "First, a safeword."
“I want to do an extended scene with you,” Cas says abruptly. “Um. You asked about consensual nonconsent, and in that vein, the idea is that I get to do whatever I want with you. I will still - always - respect your safe words, but other than that. You get to brat, and I get you.”
"In a couple of hours," she says. "If you want, you can eat now. I know you probably want to go and study, but Dean, don't kill yourself studying. Go out every once in a while. Invite friends over. I haven't seen Charlie in weeks."
Usually, waking up is slow. Half open eyes, a vague sense of awareness, rapidly fading dreams.
“Cassie,” Gabriel says. “What, did something happen with Dean?"
“Don’t you have work?” Dean asks, confused to see Cas so early, but not complaining. They've both been so busy lately they haven't managed to see each other in almost a month.
“The second one,” Dean says, almost too ashamed to say it out loud. He can’t even look Cas in the eye.
Cas knows he’d be a fucking gold mine for all the forensic psychologists that have tried to break him the few times he’d been caught, before his people could get those charges written off. And looking at him now, and how successful he’s become, he’s proud to say that he worked for everything he has.
"What did you mean?" Dean asks. "When you said I didn't know how much you gave up for me?"
Awkwardly, Dean moves over to Cas on the bed, and his Daddy pulls his knees around so he's straddling him.
“It’s so needy,” he says, and Dean isn’t sure how much longer he can hold out. “Dripping, and I’ve barely touched you. It’s so little, and cute, but so, so greedy.”
“I don’t understand,” Dean says quietly. “How can it be something I love and hate at the same time, Sir?”
Dean almost jumps at the sound of his teacher's voice way closer than her desk at the front of the classroom. Ms. Milton looks at him reproachfully, thinly veiled concern in her gaze.
"Wait, wait," Dean interrupts. "Are you kicking me out?"
Dean can’t stop the whine that falls from his throat at the threat in his words, terrified for what comes next.
“You usually are, sweet boy,” Cas says, half a smile ticking up his face. “After, though, you’ll have a meeting with one of my friends.”
“Castiel’s a little busy today, but he bought this for you and asked me to bring it here,” Alastair says, his lips curling up into a creepy smile, holding out a pastry box from Dena’s. Dean perks up at the thought of the apple pie Master knows he really likes, but typically only gets on special occasions. “Wanted you to eat it while it was still warm."
“It’s a shame,” Cas whispers. “Good boys don’t touch.”
Dean turns away, the hardness in his eyes shining.
"Open."
Let me ask, he begged with his eyes. Please, Sir. Give me a chance.
He hates his affect, and his inability to stop staring. He hates how the man thinks he’s so smart, and so infuriatingly cunning.
“Nothing you need to concern yourself with,” Castiel says, barely sparing Dean a glance as he gets out of bed. “Are you getting hungry?” Reeling from the sudden loss, Dean sits up straighter, confused.
“You okay, Master?” Dean asks quietly.
“Cas,” he says desperately, writhing. “Cas, please, come on-“
Cas positions Dean sitting up against the headboard, legs spread wide open, with instructions not to move.
"What time are they gonna get back?" he asks.
“No, that’s all.”
“Yeah, well, I’m sure whatever you’re selling me for isn’t worth it, Cas. I’m still a fucking human, if you haven’t forgotten."
"Dean."
“Nobody!”
“Cas,” he says. “Please, can you-“
"Dean, I'd like for you to meet Dr. Castiel Novak," she says, gesturing to the man on Dean's right. "He a Dom for The Program."
“Fifteen if you don’t spit it out.”
that seems to have permeated in his chest. He's been having a hard time falling asleep lately, the stress of... everything making it hard for his brain to settle and calm down enough for him to sleep. He was up until three last night trying his best to study, but he could barely focus on anything. So he gave up, decided to just succumb to the exhaustion.
“Daddy,” Dean gasps out. “No, Daddy, I didn’t, I promise. Please, just fuck me, I need to come, please-“
A slow nod.
He shrugs, playing with the sheets.
The other part wants to get down to his knees, face on the floor and beg for this man to forgive him. Because Cas makes him feel so, so good, and he’s so tired of running.
“Take Sam outside,” Castiel had said, addressing his guards. “I would like to talk to Dean alone.”
For a second, Dean thinks Castiel is actually going to deny him, but then he feels a hand reaching into his pants and Castiel is pulling him over his knee, unbuckling his belt.
“How long has it been since you’ve came?” Cas asks, his hand tugging on the waistband of Dean’s slacks, but not pulling it down, serving only to frustrate him further.
“And how long after you presented did you go down enough to hit subspace?”
Dean and Castiel have been lying in bed now for probably half an hour, and Dean’s discovered that cuddling is his new favorite thing. Castiel is tucked up behind him, holding him, and Dean could die right here and he’d be happy.
"I'll teach you how to shoot," Castiel says quietly. "And other self defense, so Michael will never hurt you again. I can't believe he got away."
“Yes, Alpha.”
"And you said no?" Dean asks.
“What?” Cas asks, feigning ignorance. “Are you close?”
Castiel leaves Dean on the bed and goes into the closet, taking his time to put his suit on and prepare for a very long day. Once he makes his way out into the bedroom, Dean is practically shaking on the bed. His desperate eyes fly back up to see him, but he still doesn’t say anything.
Dean struggles to shake his head.
It's clear that she doubts his words, but she nods, letting him continue to pack up. "Get some sleep tonight. And take care of yourself."
Dean nods, and Alpha’s face breaks out into a gentle smile. “You’re my good, sweet omega. Up.”
“You don’t hide from anyone,” Cas whispers right into Dean's ear, catching his eyes in the mirror. “Yourself or me.”
“I’m not-“
"Yes, Sir," Dean says, looking a little lost in thought.
“Joy,” Dean says, cringing when he hears the sarcasm in his own voice. “And you don’t gotta be sorry about dropping me. I- uh, felt better afterwards, Sir.”
. The salve and skin grafts they used virtually healed you and you barely even have scars."
“Frustrated,” Cas says, a crack in his voice. “Desperate. Needy. Too bad. Your dirty mouth and tight little body got me so fucking hard, so I’m going to use it to take care of myself.”
A wicked smile slowly works up his face.
An unreadable expression passes through Cas’s face.
Batting away at Cas’s hand as he squeezes his balls, Dean yelps. “Yes, Sir! Please, I’m sorry, I’m sorry.”
After Hannah, that was it. Cas decided. He had his work, he had this life in organized crime. Money. Power. And that had to be enough. And honestly, if Castiel thinks about it, for the longest time it was more than enough. He wasn’t necessarily happy and thrilled to wake up every morning, but he was content.
As he takes Castiel getting down onto one knee, some instinct in Dean screams for him to run. Punch him in the face and get away, out of this house and away from any person trying to control him. Anyone trying to dominate him.
“Daddy,” Dean whimpers. “I’m gonna- Gonna come.”
"Of course I said no," Castiel says, looking disgusted at the thought, intense eyes burning into his skull. "And I tore Alastair apart, okay? He's never going to hurt you again."
Dean doesn’t wear suits enough. Cas makes a note to remember to put him in one of those more often. He feels a surge of lust at the thought of Dean out there in public, with so many things reminding him that Dean is his.
A hand slips in between the covers and down the front of Dean’s underwear. When Cas makes his way down to Dean’s cock, he starts to thumb the slit gently, and Dean gasps.
Dean holds his breath in tension while willing his stupid dick to go down, damnit. But Cas is watching and Dean feels so exposed, and it only gets harder.
"Oh.” Dean couldn’t forget him. Alastair was the cruelest of cruel, the true definition of a sadist. "Yes, Master.”
“Yes, Sir.”
“Really?” The smirk in his voice is so mocking it makes Dean want to curl up in on himself, embarrassed at how much he wanted more with the man who basically kidnapped him.
Cas whips him again, and Dean can’t stop the tears from running down his face, his cock throbbing. God, he wants to come, he wants to come so bad. Once Dean has finally gotten through all ten, and an extra, because Cas is Cas, Dean's being dragged over to the bed by his collar.
There was talking. So much talking. Cas outlined all of his limits, and Dean begrudgingly spat out his. Castiel required written out rules, firm contingencies and countless promises that this was really what Dean wanted. Once it was all set in stone, Cas finally took him down.
“Fuck off.”
“There’s this… incredible place in Palo Alto,” he says. “My sister owns it, and typically rents it out but she’s amenable to letting us to stay for a week.”
Sighing, Dean starts to slowly rut, deciding he would just let himself touch for a few minutes and then stop before he comes. Then Cas wouldn’t know, and everything would be fine, and Dean would finally get some relief.
Dean rolls his eyes. “Yeah, but that’s usually your cock, Master. And I was very comfortable.”
“When you’re Michael’s, I bet he’ll keep you naked,” Alastair says, grinning. “Maybe with a nice plug in that little boycunt of yours, and a nice cage keeping your clit all soft and pretty. He’ll beat the brat right out of you, slut, I know he will."
He won't hurt me, Dean thinks, his brain a little fuzzy but more sure of the words than anything else in the moment.
“Sorry,” Dean says. “Daddy, please, sorry-“
“That’s better,” Cas says, shoving back into his mouth, completely cutting off Dean's air supply. He wants to reach out, to touch him and feel him and let Cas tether him back to reality, but Dean knows that if he does he’ll end up tying him down.
Rolling his eyes, Castiel pushes past him and walks as fast as he can to the office most of his men use dean in, taking sight of his boy still shackled to the desk. His legs are spread wide apart, arms tied behind his back, and he’s shaking with tears. When Castiel looks closer, he can see whip marks all up and down his back, cruel bruises on his ass and on his inner thighs. There’s a tight cock ring on his boy’s cock.
“Pet,” Castiel says, his hand under Dean’s chin, forcing the eye contact Dean hates so much. “Whether or not you have this on, you’re still mine. You’re always mine. And you do this - meet with Master’s friends - for me. You may be pleasing them, but you’re serving me, do you understand?”
Then Cas turns the fucking machine on, and Dean’s brain short circuits.
Freezing, Dean recounts his day, remembering the cup of coffee he had grabbed on his way out the door and then the donut Donna had bought him. It was one of their first rules. Dean eats lunch before 2:00, and dinner before 9:00, stipulated after that one time Dean had forgotten to eat for three days. Swallowing, he searches for an answer that would satisfy Cas, coming up empty.
“No,” he says, hands flexing where he’s trying to keep them still. “Cas, please.”
Dean groans, his cock rubbing against Cas's thigh, leaking all over his pants. Once Cas reaches 10, Dean is gasping, trying desperately to keep himself from humping his leg.
“No, sweetheart,” Cas says. “It’s to serve, yes. But any Dom worth a grain of salt would not want you to be unhappy doing so. Maybe you won’t like the punishments, maybe you won’t like some of the things I ask you to do. But your submission, as a whole, should fulfill you. It should make you content, and happy.”
When Castiel got home a few hours ago, he had been looking forward to spending time with Dean. He wasn't even in the mood for sex, just to see him, because having him around makes him feel lighter.
Castiel was tired of yelling, but he wasn’t beyond telling Benny off for bothering him when he knows - he knows - how badly Castiel fucked up. He doesn’t get the chance before a tall, lanky boy pushes past Benny into the room, and is stunned to recognize him.
Out of fucking nowhere, Cas produces a shiny, gleaming cock cage that Dean is 100% sure he’s never seen before.
“You get this needy from getting spanked, boy?” Cas whispers in his ear, his hands unbuttoning his shirt. “Hm. Too bad you haven’t been good.”
"Fuck," Michael says, pulling away from Dean and moving over to the side of the room.
(See the end of the chapter for
Dean doesn’t have time to think beyond that, though, because all of a sudden there’s a burn on his neck and he gasps.
“Open,” Cas says. Immediately, Dean opens his mouth and takes in Cas’s entire length, making sure not to swallow and keep his jaw wide enough so that his teeth don’t graze the sides. Cas pushes all the way in until he’s in Dean’s throat. Dean feels his heart slowing down, his thoughts calming down. When he’s warming Cas, he always slips and floats, no matter how much he’s fought it before.
Even though every fiber of Dean’s body is screaming, he pulls himself out of the bed. Michael didn’t bother to put the cuffs back on him, but when Dean drags himself over to the door he finds it locked. Sliding down to sit up against it, Dean gives himself a second to let the sadness wash over him, head in his knees, trying to breathe through the pain.
"I offered him money," Gabriel said. "So much money, Castiel. I offered him a place in our hierarchy once we took Michael down. A fucking jet. He didn't want any of it."
Castiel knew his ass was gonna get handed to him for leaving work so early, especially after Gabriel had updated him on their recent issue. The entire ride home, when he could drag his thoughts away from Dean, he wracked his brain for who could have been leaking.
“Please, Sir,” Dean begs. “Please let me come. I’ll- I’ll do anything, I promise.”
“Yeah?” he asks, his voice almost mocking. “That much, pet?”
Castiel’s phone starts ringing, and he sighs. “One second, sweet boy.”
“Do you… want me out of the way, then, Alpha?”
“Thank you,” Dean says begrudgingly, barely able to make eye contact with him. Castiel sighs, reaching out, his hand on Dean's neck.
“Wake up,” Cas says. “Time to get ready.”
“Please, leave me alone,” Dean asks weakly, flinching when Michael’s hand moves to his own belt.
Dean had swallowed.
"Oh, what a needy little cock on a needy little boy," Castiel says mockingly. "You're just a slut for anything I'll give you, aren't you? Do you want to come?"
"You even try it, I'll put a bullet through the head of everyone you've ever cared about," Castiel warns, his voice cold. "I'll kill you, Gabriel. Don't fucking test me."
“I can’t believe you’re making me wear these,” he mutters. “Like. In public, Cas. With people everywhere.”
“Don’t think I didn’t see you looking to me for permission earlier, either,” Cas says. “That makes three days.”
“No, sub,” Castiel says with a gentle smile, even though Dean thinks it’s a little sad. “Subspace is much more drastic. You definitely went down, just not far enough. We’ll get there.”
A soft smile forms on Cas's face, and he comes to lay in Dean's bed, kissing his forehead gently.
Cas,” Dean says, pulling at the tie. "Please."
“But-“
“Don’t think I didn’t see that,” Cas says, voice rough and deep, right next to Dean's ear. “You better watch your attitude, boy.”
“Do you want to talk about it?” Castiel asks gently, hoping Dean will elaborate.
A cell phone.
They were too gone on each other. Castiel met Dean, found this beautiful person in him, and he was lost.
“Please,” Dean begs, looking up to his - the - Dom and begging with his entire being. Dean groans and whines and whimpers through the gag, but Castiel doesn’t respond, taking the sub’s cock back into his hands.
The hard chairs also make Dean hyperaware of his accessories. The stupid things stupid Cas put on him hours ago, refusing to take them off before leaving for this party. Every time he shifts, he has to bite back a panicked moan at the stupid plug up his ass, then a groan at the squeeze of the stupid cage on his cock, and the stupid sound Cas just had to include in there.
“Ten, Daddy,” Dean gasps.
Without any warning, he presses the ice pack onto Dean and he cries out, instinctively trying to curl up and get away, but Cas doesn’t let up until he’s tiny and small again.
God, his eyes.
Although Castiel is pleased that Dean is - at the very least - using the proper honorific and dropping his guard enough to go down voluntarily, there are still rules.
“Sub, you’ve been reported 36 times in the past year,” he says, his voice hard. “Close family, friends, even your teachers. Please don’t insult me by trying to write it off as a bad week. We both know it’s more than that. It’s time for you to admit that you need more.”
“You don’t want to know.”
Castiel's heart leaps, a surge of lust at the long-hidden kink, something he hadn’t even known Dean was into. He was shocked at how much he wanted it. Wanted Dean, to be his and to have him, wholly and completely. He’d do anything for this boy.
After Cas makes sure all the guests have left, he comes back to his omega, still secured to the display chair in the living room. His pup is exhausted, nearly going crazy with need, so Cas unties him and cradles him, gently carrying him up the stairs towards the bathroom.
Cas doesn't even grace him with an answer, stalking into the bedroom a few seconds later, rage in his eyes.
“No,” Cas says. “You’ll be my live-in whore, Dean. Sex. That kind of assistance.”
"Look at you," Cas says quietly, pushing harder in Dean, making him cry out. "Crying, moaning, but still so fucking hard. Dirty, greedy little boy. Willing to do anything for Daddy, even take me dry, wouldn't you?"
His own instincts were screaming to take care of Dean. He’s never seen a submissive so obviously in need of care. Maybe that’s why he’s so attached to him already? He isn’t sure.
"He has a hickey." Dean supplies, with a hollow ring to his voice; still staring after Cas.
this conversation (not that he wouldn't have been flustered, but there are
"Dean's straight." Cas cuts in, pointedly, but with an edge to it that makes Dean's brow furrow and his head turn in Cas' direction. "Now can we get our keys or not?"
Dean makes a small noise in the back of his throat that sounds halfway between choking and gasping. It seems like he's about to open his mouth to say something, but Cas is already on the other side of the room.
"I gotta tell you something, okay? And it might, it might not be exactly what you're expecting to hear but it's-" Dean cuts himself off and looks down at his shoes. "I gotta say it first, before I can say anything else, alright? I just, I gotta tell you
Sam and Jack leave and turn in fairly soon after the movie ends, leaving both Dean and Cas finishing off the last of the small bits of popcorn collected at the bottom of the bowls. Dean yawns and presses more of his weight onto Cas' shoulder. Cas' ears burn for the 3rd time that night, but he's too busy trying to keep his heartbeat steady, so he lets them stay pink in the hopes it's too dark for Dean to notice.
again."
someone he'd developed since then that made this hit way too close to something he didn't want to think about). Dean blinks and looks over at the clerk, then immediately does a heel turn and marches off towards Cas, burying his red face in the collar of his jacket.
They’re cut off by the sound of the bunker door opening and closing again, and they both look up to see Cas walking in with his trenchcoat off and folded over his arm.
Cas throws another shirt on the bed, "I'm not bothered by it."
to, because he's never told anyone this, never wants to again, so he has to say it all now.
to make a chart?"
, even for you."
Sam bursts through the barn doors, "Okay, I'm back. I got the-" he looks up to take in the scene around him, eyes finally landing on Jack. "Jack, what-"
"Get over here!"
had long and tense arguments about it in the car before that Cas always feels a bit ashamed of post-fight. It’s not Dean’s fault, not like he
"I can't heal you," Cas chokes out, "the one time, the
As Dean drives off in the Impala, he can't help but look in the rearview, can't help but look at Cas. He's standing there, hands in the pockets of that damn trenchcoat, and Dean's still close enough to see his face. He sees him smile,
"Oh, what, and you aren't Dean?" Sam fires back.
He quickly adds, "Even if it's Sam. Though, I'd probably question your taste in men. I know he's tall, Cas, but there's better fish in the sea, okay? Trust me."
Cas, eyes still fixed on his beer bottle, thinks a moment.  "Well, many movies would say the answer to that is copious amounts of either alcohol or ice cream. Sometimes both."
Dean yawns again.
"Cas, wait," Dean grabs Cas' elbow when he tries to brush past him. Cas' hand stills outstretched on the doorknob in front of him, stopping at the touch even though he could easily shrug Dean off. That's become a staple of their relationship - Cas letting Dean do things to him he'd refuse outright on principle from anyone else. He angles his head at Dean but, uncharacteristically, doesn't meet his eye.
"I'm not lying I-" Dean turns and scrubs a hand down his face, "What can I do to make you believe me?"
Cas reaches out, and takes it.
and how I wish I was kissing
"But you could've just said, you know,
Second: since there's never anyone down there, all the machines are always open.
Dean turns hard around and shrugs Cas' hand off his arm, marching back towards the man while pushing his sleeves up. "Okay, that's it."
Cas tilts his head and ponders briefly. "Fair point. I'll be there in a few minutes."
can have more than that." Dean scrubs a hand over his face to wipe away the tears and brings his eyes back up to meet Cas'.
"You know," Cas says, when they pull apart and rest their foreheads together. "Sam and Jack don't expect us back until the afternoon."
Cas' face heats, and he rubs an awkward (non-underwear-holding hand, thankfully) across the back of his neck. "Just, lucky you, I guess."
, and leans in. Leans in like he's wanted to for
his brain unhelpfully adds. He settles on trying to sound casual, but the next part still comes out incredulous. "Did you
Dean swallows, "Right, well, let's get to it."
Cas sighs, then nods over at Ex-Hat Trick. "Sorry, goodnight."
Cas shakes his head, "I can't leave."
With a jolt, Dean feels Cas' hand tentatively brush his elbow, then reach up, up, and fit perfectly onto his left shoulder. And that's it. Cas moves his other arm and wraps it behind Dean's neck, pulling him in closer, kissing him deeper. One of Dean's hands trails from Cas' face and curls into the lapel of his too-heavy trench coat.
Dean doesn't budge, instead he doubles down.
There's a tense beat, then Cas continues. "I just can't believe you did that. What was the point?"
"I'm not finished yet, Cas. Please, just- just let me finish, okay?"
me the whole time. And I can't believe you didn't know that. I can't believe I never had the guts to tell you before. But-" And Dean's pacing, he's determined to lay it all out because he needs Cas to know this time. He needs him to really understand. Needs him. Fullstop, if he's being honest. And, right now, he is.
"Dean," Cas whispers, and takes Dean's face in his hands. Dean lets his arm fall away from Jack and drops it around Cas' hip.
The elevator dings, and he trudges through the sepia lights of the lobby to the blonde wood-grained door of the laundry room. He balances his empty basket on his hip as he jams his key in the lock, turns it, and jostles it slightly to make the door nudge open.
Then, footsteps on hard concrete that stop abruptly near the door frame. Cas doesn't have to turn to know it's Dean, and to know Dean is weighing whether or not Cas still seems pissed enough to warrant heel turning and walking away. A breath, and footsteps down 3 stairs, and the image out of the corner of Cas' eye of a Dean who is
. Cas, it's me, really."
beautiful too, always has actually.
. Because that's what Cas is to him now. He's his heart.
Cas scoffs at that. Get over Dean? At this point he doesn't know if that's even possible.
Cas' hand stays balled in a tight fist behind his back, regardless of what his inner voice of reason tells him.
with someone last night?"
"I guess it worked," Cas beams.
"Most people meaning Mr. American Pie over there?"
Maybe they’d stay up and watch a movie or have a nightcap or just sit and
There's suddenly a firm hand on Cas' shoulder, and he hears Dean's voice come from beside him.
waiter at a diner they'd gone to (which Cas had politely declined to do, though he appreciated the sentiment nonetheless). That had ended up being the start of what would turn into a days long hunt for the unmarked grave of a violent restless spirit haunting a butchery in eastern Ohio, which ended in several cracked ribs for both of the Winchesters and a splitting headache for Cas after healing them.
A harsh look crosses Cas' face, and Dean's briefly reminded that, above all else, Cas is still a capital "a" Angel (and could totally drop kick his ass into next Thursday without breaking a sweat). Cas levels that look right at Dean and says, "And what if I did, Dean, why would it matter to you?"
Cas lifts his head and turns, "Jack! What, what are you-"
"No, Dean, I don't think I'll be seeing
Cas moves to defend himself over the
because-" Dean chokes down a harsh sob because he
"Could you come here, man."
Cas shakes his head harder,
Cas is lying motionless on the ground. He looks almost peaceful,
but then he's meeting Cas' eye again and offering him a tired smile.
This time, Cas does reach up and brush the tear from Dean's cheek. Dean pulls back on instinct, before leaning into the touch. "I know that
Dean hears the heavy metallic thud of the bunker door opening and closing. At the sound, he sets down the two cereal boxes he was holding.
Dean closes the door to the bunker, trying his best to make the sound not echo through the whole building. His best isn’t quite good enough, and a few moments later Sam pokes his head in from the library, still leafing through a book in his hand.
"I was gonna watch a movie, you want to come?" Dean asks, wringing his hands a bit like he's - if Cas didn't know any better he'd say Dean was
Jack thinks for a moment, but they all know the answer. Dean even has it queued up already.
But Dean's looking at Cas and Cas doesn't see him. Just looks right past him. No, not quite past him - just looks at him like he's not
to accept it. "Don't leave me, Dean. Please, I can't do this without you. Don't make me do this without you," and Dean moves his hand to wipe away the tears that track down Cas' face.
- and just like that, all would be forgiven. Maybe Cas was waiting for that, or maybe he was simply engrossed in his cereal bowl harmonics. Maybe, maybe, maybe.
Cas opens his eyes, and they land in disbelief on Dean. "Dean, what-" the question is cut off momentarily as Dean pulls him up to his feet, "What are you doing here?"
"Rough night?"
The woman leans in and laughs at Dean’s pick up line. Cas lets out his breath and it turns into a sigh. He watches them chat for a few more minutes, and he’s fully
Hat Trick laughs, then slides over so he's directly next to Cas. "Yeah, I've been there."
he's kissed, like this, with a
"Sorry, sorry, that was-"
"Oh really, Dean, my ass? Not my
sexuality this whole week. Or, at least, not
Dean shrugs at Cas' clarification. "I wasn't gonna say anything," Dean grins, and
," Sam's eyebrows raise. "Okay...is that a bad thing?"
"Dean?"
A step, a bright light, a dimmer light, the sound of shoes hitting reinforced concrete, a portal closing behind him, a hand still-
And an added note, any sex scenes will be very very vaguely described since I don't want to write them lmao
, and a
Dean leans down slightly until he's able to catch Cas' eye so he'll look at him again, "I promise not to be angry."
Cas interrupts, "I know how you take it, Dean."
would get to touch Dean right back.
And Cas is currently in baggy sweatpants and an old Spice Girls concert t-shirt with about 4 separate holes in the collar. Also, he's fondling a pair of clearly built-for-dicks pink lace panties. Fantastic.
to kiss him and I didn't
Dean just smiles over at Cas. For a moment it's just that. Just them smiling fondly at each other while white font ticks by on a black background and their pinkies brush at the bottom of the popcorn bowl. If real life were like the movies, they'd kiss right now and the credits would roll. Cas lets himself imagine it for a second - picture perfect and tastefully shot. Maybe Dean would cup his cheek or run his hand through his hair. Maybe they'd press their foreheads together after and breath each other's air until they kiss again. Maybe, maybe, maybe. Always maybe with him, with him and
there's only this.
"What are you going to do, Dean, walk back to Kansas? We're in Georgia!"
Cas clears his throat, "What movie?"
Dean isn't meeting Cas' eye and is instead looking at the loose gravel beneath their feet. "Cas, can we- can we just forget tonight ever happened? Everything at the bar and everything just now, can we just forget it? Just get back and in the car and leave it all behind, please?"
classic car.
long inch closer to the edge of his eyes.
worried. "Hey man, where you been? You didn't come back at all last night."
"Excuse me?"
"I'll go get the first aid kit," Sam runs out of the barn. Cas moves to follow before-
"Hey, no need to explain. Like I said, I get it," he smiles, and, yeah, still fairly attractive. He slides off his lone seat at his table and into the spot Dean had been sitting earlier that night. Cas eyes him, but doesn't protest.
to I just. I couldn't."
"Cas, here," and Dean pats the seat next to him. "Come break in the new couch with me."
to let him have you- I couldn't take it. And it was so selfish and so shitty of me but I couldn't anymore, Cas. And it's not- you gotta know it's not just- I just wanna be around you. And I wanna hang out with you, and watch old movies with you, and have you lean your head on my shoulder and I want- I want to hold your hand while I'm driving down the road and I- I want
"We have plenty of time, Dean. An eternity in fact. But first, I think you have someone else to go see."
In the end, it's amazing. Perfect, even.
Dean looks back at Cas. Cas' expression is firm, so Dean huffs and turns back. "Yeah, yeah fine."
with Cas' sexuality - but when he angles his head towards Dean he sees something in his eyes that makes him pause. Something that makes him think that maybe Dean hasn't been trying to affirm
That's it! This is definitely one of the longer things I've written and I ended up being mostly happy with how it turned out. Hope you guys enjoyed! (Or if you didn't I hope you find something else that you do). Thanks for reading!
Once he stops laughing, the guy wipes the corners of his eyes with the back of his hand, like he's wiping away tears. "Dude, you're hilarious, you know that?"
Cas turns his phone off before any more texts can come through.
I kissed him back because I wanted to, because I
that he wasn't a girl, it didn't
It's unclear who moves first, how it happens, but in a moment they're pressing their lips together. It's a soft thing, anything more and they might break under the weight of it. The grief that this is all they'll get. All they were allowed to get.
"Oh, I bet he
"Cas-"
Cas looks up, and makes direct eye contact with a man carrying a laundry hamper, who also happens to have just made it to the very
Dean nods his head slightly,
"That might be helpful, Dean. I understand quantum mechanics, but the intricacies of your cereal organizational system still baffles me."
"Dean, I want that too."
Dean reels back, "Ow! Cas, what the f-"
here a drink." And, shit, this guy has
there. He isn't always the best at picking up on human subtleties, but he thinks he knows enough to know when he's being, well,
for. When he speaks again it's quieter, like it's a whispered secret just for them to hear, even though there isn't a single soul around the two of them for potential miles in either direction.
Dean rolls his eyes. "Whatever man,
Cas sighs and looks a bit forlorn at the reminder. "Yes, mostly, though some things are more agreeable than others."
Dean stops in front of him, smiling as the girl laughs and curls further into his side. “Hey buddy, we’re gonna get outta here. You’ll be good finding your own way home tonight?”
"So I've been told."
Cas noticed Dean was feeling restless.
Sam looks at Jack in awe and slowly steps towards Dean. Timidly raises his hand up to grip his shoulder, moving like he's afraid it'll just pass right through. When it doesn't, he asks, "Dean, hey, you okay?"
It's after. After all of it. After the empty, after the tearful hugs, after relieved hellos, after words still left unsaid, after the
"Hi, Cas.” And, ever the little brother, Sam adds “Hey, guess what? Dean has a hickey.”
Jack breaks the moment then, "Well, I should go."
huh?"
"I'm just going, okay!" Dean answers, voice thick with emotion. "I'm just- just going."
"Actually," Hat Trick interjects, "I was just about to buy
Then they both burst out laughing.
Another bar, this time somewhere in northern Georgia, and it's a similar scene. Cas is sitting with his elbows resting on the bar (it reminds him of a different bar, a different state:
Dean says it softly, reverently. In a way that doesn't convey that it feels like the words tear out of him, rip from his throat- rip from his
Will you see
in dudes. Not that I've seen at least. I mean, Cas, if I would've known I wouldn't have been trying to set you up with chicks all these years. No wonder you didn't ever really seem into them," Dean lets out a small laugh, "thought you were just shy."
"Stop doing this to me. I know he's not real, I know
Cas stares at the clothes for a moment, and can only think that this does
know how you take it, Dean."
" Cas wraps one arm around Dean's waist and one around the back of his neck, pulling him in. "No, please, please don't do this. God,
. So when I saw that jerk at the bar look at you like he
“Ha, yeah, I think that’s kinda the point, Cas.” Dean counters, eyes still on the woman and not on Cas.
Dean looks conflicted, then sighs and opens the door to his room (when did they get so far down the hallway?) and moves to sit down on the edge of his bed.
"Hey," Dean says. Cas startles, and quickly sets his phone face down on the table in front of him. Dean, blissfully, doesn't seem to notice.
"The couch is new."
"Uh, about
make Cas’ stomach flip. “See ya, Cas.”
Don't you know that? But no, you
Still Gorgeous Guy sighs contentedly, seemingly unaware of Cas' inner turmoil. "Yeah, 'course. Man, I needed that."
really green eyes, wow) says.
Cas stares, mouth only slightly agape, and tries to commit it all to memory. The curve of his mouth, the way his head tips back, and how one of his hands rests on his stomach as his shoulders shake.
Cas doesn’t mind bars, really. They’re actually kind of entertaining once you get used to the drunken yelling and occasional uncoordinated fight. If he lets himself sink far enough back into his seat while watching the crowd it almost feels like the old days. The
Cas had said that, to be fair.
"Cool, well I-” Sam finally looks up from his book. ”Hey, what's that?"
"Dean!"
to ask:
Sam shrugs, "I dunno, but he is eons old Dean, he's bound to have a life outside of us."
Cas lets out a quiet sob, and moves forward to press his forehead to Dean's, "Please, please, Dean.
. Dean doesn't blame him for that, really. He knows he was being overdramatic, but it's not everyday a guy hurls himself into an endless void to save his currently dead best friend (who might also be the love of his life but, one thing at a time).
The way Cas says that makes Dean's heart ache. Like he's
the one without object permanence.
He can say with certainty he liked it much better than when he'd had sex with April. Even before she'd tied him up and stabbed him, there was something about it that wasn't quite...right? Wasn't what he wanted, not really. It was something he felt obligated to do. Something he felt he should do as a newly minted red-blood (technically) American (technically) man. He doesn't like to admit it to himself, but even then he'd closed his eyes and pictured Dean instead too.
"He looks at me and he says 'boy, I ain't gonna raise no queer son. You understand me?' and I said,'' Dean's posture straightens a bit, an echo from that moment, "'yes, sir, I understand' and he nodded at me and walked out of the room." Cas wants to reach out to comfort him, to
Dean to be angry with him, even if he promises not to be.
"There he is, hey, there he is."
Dean shakes his head and finally looks at Sam. "No, no it's not a bad thing, Sammy. I just- I didn't know Cas did stuff like that. I mean, the guy didn't lose his millennias old v-card until what, a few years ago?"
not real. Stop toying with me like this. You said I could rest, this is
Cas just waves his hand and walks off and out of the lobby.
You can find me @omniscientoranges on tumblr :)
Dean clocks the guy right in the face.
"No," Dean says firmly, he needs Cas to hear this, because it's feeling like it might be the last chance he gets to say it. "No, hey, you're not useless, Cas. And we don't keep you around- I don't keep you around to be useful anyways. I want you around because I want to be around you."
Dean slots his key into the door and turns it, willing his heartbeat to
"Shit, hey, there you are. Look, I'm here to-"
"'Course it is, you expecting someone else?"
of him.
at how earnest Cas is when he says that. "Yeah, yeah, whatever. Come on, let's go."
"Good choice."
"Because, Cas, I love you.
Cas looks up at Dean confused. A few minutes ago he'd been
last night."
"Out? What do you mean "out"? Out whe-" Dean stops dead in the middle of his sentence and stares at something below Cas' eye line. "Wait. What is that?"
Cas moves with an urgency and an energy that tells Dean he definitely should not, under any circumstances, open his mouth and say a single word for at least the next hour. Maybe even for the rest of the night.
I love you,
of the cereals, not the beginning. Do I
But he sees the fraught expression Dean's wearing and decides that, whatever it is, Dean's got a damn good reason to make the connection. So, like he said he would, Cas listens.
, Cas. It's all I want."
like these, the hardest adjustment for him is that he can't just press his fingertips to whatever monster of the day it is and be done with it. He takes the machete Dean offers him, and looks away awkwardly when his fingers brush Dean's.
"Dean, can I talk now?" Cas asks, half serious and half teasing.
. There weren't any more guys after that. Even after dad died I still couldn't- couldn't bring myself to do that, even though I still
wrong with you. And, Dean, even if there was, well," Cas' smile widens and he leans closer to Dean, "I'll still love you, always."
So, laundry at 3am it is.
Cas knew, also, in the back of his head, that Dean hadn't meant it like that. He was surprised, that's all. It's not like one night stands were something Cas did often. Or did ever, really.
Dean slams on the breaks and they both lurch forward. Cas' hands slam onto the dashboard to steady himself and Dean's staring wide-eyed at the road with both hands white-knuckling the steering wheel.
"Yeah, kid, I think you're right."
"Sam-"
you- I'd never seen him so mad before. And he wasn't, um, he wasn't scream and throw things and throw
to do my laundry, and yes I
someone to help you forget the
""Healed" and "all good" are two very different things, Dean."
traditional women's underwear.
Cas takes a few hesitant steps forward.
, then, finally, landing and
it. Just
Like he said earlier - inconsiderate.
Dean, despite his best efforts, yawns.
"But he had- he had this really
"All of the dryers are broken!" Cas blurts out, making the man flinch and look back at him wide-eyed. "All the dryers are broken, except for this one, and I'm
Cas feels, only slightly, only barely, incandescent with pure irritation. He takes a steadying breath and weighs his options. After a few moments he's decided to just take this person's clothes out, dry his own, then hopefully have them be done early (or in this case, late) enough that he'll be able to put their clothes back into the machine without anyone ever knowing the difference. He nods to himself, then starts pulling shirts out of the machine and places them in a heap on top of it.
Cas has had time to consider this at length, and goes over it again as he carries his empty basket down the hallway and presses the down button on the creaky elevator.
"It's been two weeks! A nail, Dean! Really? At a vampire nest in Ohio!" Cas pushes Dean up against the driver's side door of the impala, face inches from his. In the back of Dean's head he can hear the gruff whisper of a memory
is enough." Dean pauses again, and he looks at Cas like he's finally figured it out. Figured out what all of it was for, what it all
Cas relaxes and closes the heavy book in front of him with a reverberating thud - which is then accompanied by an insistent buzz.
In the end, it's nice. Good, even.
Dean, eyes half open through the tears, keeps talking, "And he walked in and he was so, Cas, he was
Dean and Cas are on a case. Alone. Well, not technically alone, since there's two of them, but it
In moments that last far too long to be considered fleeting - Cas imagines it's Dean's hands on him. Dean's hands in his hair, on his waist, pulling off his belt, tugging him onto the bed. He knows that's not the point of what the man offered him. This is supposed to help him get
After a few more minutes of label ripping and dirty looks, Cas sees Dean start to walk toward him with his arm wrapped around the same woman from earlier.
“Okay, baby,” Castiel says. “Go ahead.”
more smut to come next chapter. sorry, i know this was a lot of plot.
“Fuck,” Dean gasps, lurching forward against the straps on his chest. “Stop, stop, please, I’m sorry.”
Dean chooses not to respond, and once he’s done, Cas takes him by the cock and leads him back down to the dining room, a cushion waiting in front of Castiel’s chair.
Buckling it behind his head, Castiel pulls the key off of his neck and unlocks Dean’s cage, watching as the boy gasps around the gag as he hardens almost immediately, throbbing with need.
“Maybe in a second,” he says into the pillow. “I’m tired.”
“Fuck,” Dean says. “Fuck, Cas, Sir, please-“
“That was for lying, boy,” Cas says quietly, right next to his ear. “I’m not done with you yet.”
"Rule number 2," Castiel says, looking at him sternly. "You will address me with formal honorifics at all times."
It’s unfair, but Dean looks up at him with his best pleading eyes, the way he knows Cas has forgotten how to ignore. Cas sighs, his resolve weakening.
Completely ignoring him, Cas pulls a bottle out of lube from seemingly nowhere, squeezing it out onto his hand, reaching out and slicking Dean’s cock up. Dean bites back a whimper, eyes focused solely on the slow jerks of Cas’s hand. It feels good, so good, better than anyone else’s hand and certainly better than his own. Not that he’s felt either, in a long time. He wouldn’t ever need to.
“What…” Dean forces out, the word slurred and sluggish. “Why are you-“
Castiel is a fucking idiot.
The silence, although awkward, was completely offset when Dean remembers that Castiel bought this for him. Although Dean is slightly annoyed that the man didn’t give it to Dean himself, the fact that his master still took time out of his day to get Dean something he knew he loved?
“I’m gonna take you home with me,” Cas says, standing up. “I think I promised you some time with that hot tub.”
Alastair.
“What?” Castiel asks, as Benny pulled on Sam’s arm.
Quicker than a flash of lightning, Michael is all too close to him again and bending Dean over the edge of the bed with his collar. Deanfights desperately, but feels Michael gathering his hands and tying them too tight behind his back, pulling on his shoulders.
A soft smile forms on Cas’s face. “You want it back?”
“Wait.”
“I will,” Castiel soothes. “I promise, just let me get these off.”
Dean used to get up early out of force of habit. There was always something to do, for Sammy or for John, and there weren’t enough hours in the day to do any of it.  7:00 and Dean was up.
Swallowing, Dean knocks softly.
Hurrying down the stairs, he gets to the foyer and eyes fly down to where Cas has left a kneeling pillow for him, the unwritten instructions clear. Sighing, Dean moves to kneel down, nose in the corner. Several minutes pass, and Dean struggles to breathe evenly as the soft thud of Castiel’s footsteps echo throughout the hall. Master’s hand comes down to run through his hair, and Dean exhales slowly.
,” he begs.
“Cas,” Dean blurts out, before he can lose his nerve. “We should- Can we acknowledge it? Y'know. Labels.”
Dean wants Castiel to own him, and that makes Dean want to run.
“I would like to talk to you,” he says finally, his voice unsure.
A knock sounds on the door to the office, and Alastair opens it, poking his head in.
But in his eight years of training, he’s never been as in over his head as he is with Dean Winchester.
Eventually, he groans and gives in, setting up the monitor next to his laptop so he can see the boy at all times and finally manages to focus on answering emails and filling out progress reports and care plans, blah blah blah. All of the boring shit that makes him want to bash his head against the wall. Time seems to drag on even slower than usual, but Castiel eventually manages to get everything pressing done.
“I gotta use the bathroom, but you tied me up to the fucking headboard again.”
The vibrator kicks up a notch, and Dean groans, almost shaking with the pleasure and frustration.
"You look so beautiful with your mouth stuffed with dildo and tears running down your face," Cas murmurs. "So open and exposed for me. I like this."
“Believe me, Cassie,” Gabe scoffs. “We’re trying. Balthazar’s team has been working on it 24/7, but whoever it is, they’re covering their tracks well. Just stay focused and keep both eyes open, okay?” Gabriel says, as serious as Castiel has ever seen him. “Michael wants to end you, Castiel. Watch your back.”
“I’m sorry,” Dean whimpers, his ass throbbing, the fight bleeding out of him. “Please, Daddy, no more.”
Dean drives home as fast as he can, and sighs when he smells his Mom's soup simmering on the stove. Dumping his bag in his room, he goes into the kitchen. Mary is stirring something in the pot, checking the heat, but she turns and smiles at her son when he comes in.
Tied as he is, Dean doesn’t have enough purchase to move and hump and feel the plug push against his prostate, and it’s beyond frustrating. Castiel’s hands come back slick with lube, and he gently teases his weeping cock and plays gently with the string of the beads with his other hand.
“I’m just saying, there are people,“ Dean insists. “And I’m barely gonna be able to have a conversation without thinking about your cock up my ass.”
When Dean comes, he clenches so tight and so sweetly that Castiel can’t hold back, gasping as he comes inside of his boy, marking him. Owning him. They both catch their breath, Castiel reaching out to undo the restraints, pulling Dean into his lap, showering him with soft kisses and gentle praise.
“Let's get started right away. Undress,” Castiel says, his voice clear and firm. Dean takes his shirt off, then the sleep pants. Using his collar, Castiel guides Dean to kneel on a pillow next to his desk. He takes a seat next to Dean, and Dean leans into his hand, sighing when Castiel runs his hand through his hair.
“That’s good, puppy,” Cas says quietly, and the soft praise makes the muscle aches worth it.
“You mind if I join you?” Master’s friend asks, sitting down across from Dean without waiting for a response. Thankfully, he doesn’t seem to be expecting much in terms of conversation, just taking out a granny smith apple and biting into it.
Dean watches him try to lie, but he basically raised the kid.
“Novak’s medic kept you under for a day while he treated your whip marks,” Sammy says. "Seriously, Dean, Novak is an ass but their medical technology is
“We’ll do this together,” Castiel says.
“I’ll deal with it,” he had said shortly, hanging up on Gabriel and turning his phone off.
"Can I see him?" Dean asks, trying to keep his voice steady.
“Most kids don’t make mistakes stupid enough to end their lives,” Castiel had said, focusing instead on his cleaning his gun. “But, I suppose the younger Mr. Winchester is just a special kind of stupid. And apparently, the older one, too. Trying to make a deal, Dean?”
“Jesus, Cas,” Dean mumbles against his lips. “Not that I’m complaining, but what the fuck is going on?”
“Yeah, we know, you’re in puppy love with Gilda,” he says haughtily, putting his head back down. There's a half hour left in lunch, and he's taking advantage of it. “I’m fine. I’m just tired.”
“What do you say?” Cas asks. “How do good boys ask?”
He was relieved about that rule at first, because begging Cas to touch him was humiliating. While it’s hot, Dean was still embarrassed about that, although it’s less every day. But then Cas started touching him, opening him up slowly and waiting until he was desperate for it, and still didn’t allow him to beg.
Dean jumps, turning to see Cas sitting at his desk, staring at a newspaper. A fucking newspaper.
“Daddy,” Dean whimpers into his lips. “I’m gonna-“
“You fucked up, and you’re gonna get him back,” Sam almost snarled. “What the fuck is wrong with you? Selling fucking human beings? To Michael?”
“Sorry,” he hisses.
“Oh my God,” Dean whines, his knees completely buckling, because Cas just turned on the vibrator on the plug up his ass.
“Good,” Castiel breathes. “Under the desk.”
being a brat.
Cas doesn't answer. He doesn't have to.
“Are you-“ Dean swallows. “Sir, will you untie my wrists, please?"
“And an extra ten for trying to lie to me, boy,” Cas growls. “Count.” Master never pulls his punches. By ten, Dean’s ass is throbbing. At twenty, he can’t contain his sounds, yelping every time Cas whips him, tears streaming down his face.
Castiel has never seen someone stubborn enough to resist a drop for two years. Submissives can’t help it; they need to be dominated, and Dean was included in that. But somehow, he’s still alive? Castiel wouldn’t believe it if Dean wasn’t right in front of him.
"Dean, you don't love me," Castiel says, his voice pained. "It's- Stockholm Syndrome. Have you heard of Patty Hearst?"
Dean’s eyes widen in terror, but then Cas is pushing a bit gag into his mouth.
Granted, it’s been an insane week. A chemistry and a physics test, another one in math tomorrow and an essay due for English, all of which he isn't/wasn't ready for. Senior year is completely kicking his ass. Everyone says that Junior year is the worst year, but that’s complete and utter bullshit. The first semester of senior year and college applications and everything else makes for the worst school experience Dean’s had yet, and that's saying something.
Dean hears someone unlocking the door. Struggling, Dean turns to lay back down on the bed, giving his screaming back a break.
But Cas doesn't scare him.
The pie is delicious, but that’s even better.
“Fuck me, Master,” he begs. “Please, I need it, please-“
Sam shifts uncomfortably in his seat. ""He isn't here."
Cas, the man, though. Cas wanted to love him, wanted to be loved by Dean.
Pulling off, Castiel spits out Dean's precome, smiling dangerously up at him.
He can’t even gets the word out before there’s a hand squeezing his balls.
“And why should I?” Cas asks. Dean sobs, wishing he had some place to hide from Cas, somewhere he wouldn’t be so completely exposed and vulnerable to the man who he’s never been able to hide from.
"I'm fine," he spits out. "No offense,
Dean jumps, scrambling backward on the bed, getting as far away from the unfamiliar voice as possible.A man walks into the room, tall and muscled, a certain coldness behind his eyes that send chills up Dean’s spine.
Dean’s desperate eyes fly down to his cage, and then back up to Cas. There’s an evil glint in his eye when Alpha meets Dean’s.
"You're going to go inside and pack enough clothes for two months, any toiletries you may require, and any personal or sentimental items you'd like to bring," Castiel says. "Then you'll come downstairs, wait patiently for me to finish speaking to your parents. You will get to say your goodbyes to them in private, I promise."
Cas undoes his belt, pulling his slacks down until Dean is exposed.
“Okay,” Cas says. “It’s okay.”
A soft smile fills Cas’s face, and his hand comes up to hold Dean’s chin.
“Why?” Cas asks, pushing Dean down to sit on the toilet.
"No," Castiel says, without thinking. "We don't need information that badly."
Dean shrugs, stumbling behind Castiel as he leads him into the playroom. Dean's already seen it, but Castiel feels him tense up as they enter.
He didn’t get to where he was by making himself vulnerable for something as trivial as love. So, some days, he feels crazy. He feels insane for engaging in any kind of relationship, sexual or otherwise. He learned from his mistakes. He doesn’t make the same mistake twice.
Dean is awakened by a gentle slap on his face, and another one before he can process the first one.
Dean tries his best to move away, control his desperate tears, but his body hurts too much. Alastair reaches toward him and wraps a collar around his neck, bulky and heavy and nothing like Daddy’s- Castiel’s.
“Are you serious?” Dean asks, when Cas’s hand pushes him down to kneel completely naked.
Dean shifts in his seat, eyes flying down to his hands.
Michael starts to pull down Dean's sweatpants, but they're interrupted by a bang on the door.
Just a whore. A toy.
"The door was locked, Dean," Cas says. "I locked it when I came in."
It wasn’t quite a rejection, but it still hurt like one.
With every passing second, more clarity and snatches of memory come back to Dean, and he recognizes Sammy's voice and looks back at his bedroom in Cas's house. Dean remembers everything. Michael getting away. Castiel coming to save him. A quick scan of his body reveals that the pain he was feeling was virtually gone.
Dean nods rapidly, not enough self control left for him to even try not to beg.
Without another word, Cas pushes the ice pack onto Dean’s cock, groaning when his boy yelps, panting desperately.
The words are unspoken between them.
"Don't mock me, boy," he says, teasing right back. "I have, um, your things are all back in your room. I can have someone pack them up for you, and Sam has said you can stay with him-"
“Or what?” Dean asks, his mouth running off before he can check himself, the usual snark slipping in.
With that, Dean feels a hand on his shoulder as Cas pushed him down. Dean looks back up, wide-eyed and trusting, and Cas has to bite back a groan, stuffing down the urge to fuck his boy then and there.
“What did I just say?” Cas says quietly, right into his ear, letting a harsh note slip into my tone. “What did I say?”
“Please, Daddy,” Dean corrects, pulling at the ties. “Please don’t, I- I’m gonna be-“
“I’m going to fuck you, slut,” Michael says. “And you’re going to take it.”
“Yeah,” Dean says, trying to keep his eyes averted. Cas doesn’t like that. Clearing his throat, he looks at Dean with his brow raised. They have rules. Dean knows what's expected of him.
ALSO! castiel says something this chapter in regards to safewords and taking them away from Dean. this is 1000% fiction and 1000% NOT OKAY in real life BDSM. however, we’re suspending our disbelief and in this verse, Doms aren’t required to provide their subs with safewords because of their inherent biology. However, all of the good Doms (like Cas) feel the need to provide one for their subs.
Cas closes his laptop, clearing his throat as he fold his hands over it.
Dean nods, and Cas steps away again, the rest of the night passing in a flurry of hands and tongues and frustrating, muted pleasure.
“No, no, no,” he begs, looking up to Cas.
“Mr. Winchester?” Dean looks up, momentarily forgetting where he is. His secretary looks in from his office door, a pleasant, patient smile on her face.
“Not now.”
"That's good, baby," he says gently. "Come on. Let's go have some dinner."
Dean’s hips stutter, but he can’t help it. He pushes out again, trying to get some purchase on something. The couch, Cas’s leg, something.
Cas shoves Dean's boxers into his waiting mouth, and then pulls him over to the small couch in his office. Cas situates him where Dean's cock is pressed up against his calf. When Dean realizes what Cas wants him to do, he lets out a whine.
He almost misses Cas's harsh gasp.
“Why are you so distracted?”
Castiel hand shoots out, fingers wrapped in Dean’s collar and pulling him closer, Dean’s back pressed up against Cas’s front.
Another gentle push to his cock, and Dean suppresses a whine.
Studiously ignoring the way his cock hardens at the thought of someone walking in on them, Dean sighs when Cas doesn’t respond, standing up to go lock the door. Cas pushes him back down almost immediately, both hands pinning his wrists to the desk.
“You have work to do, baby,” he says, albeit reluctantly. “We don’t have time right now.”
Castiel sighs. He might have to go a little off-book with this one.
Dean drags himself out of bed and toward the bathroom, going through the motions of his usual routine. Takes a shower, cleans himself up. Inside and out. Brushes his teeth, curses the stupid cage Cas never takes off.
His parents are both switches, and both have full time jobs. Mary is a kindergarten teacher and John is a policeman.
“Perfect,” Cas says. “Let’s watch it, shall we?”
“Will you-“ Dean cuts himself off, trying his best not to sound too needy.
“You’re getting them on your cock,” Castiel says. “Beg.”
Castiel couldn't ignore the truth in Gabriel's words. If he needed to let Dean go, he promised himself he would. He would push him away if he had to.
"No," the man says, and that was a Dom voice if Dean has ever heard one. "Sit, sub."
Nothing else.
It was me, Novak, he wanted to taunt. How could you not see it?
“That’s one,” he says, finally letting go. “Eyes on the mirror.”
Cas tries to stuff down the hope he feels at Gabriel's words, because nothing could ever work and nothing would happen between him and Dean. “I don’t do relationships.”
He had wiped most of it clean, replaced it with other - better - memories. Ones of Daddy. His Daddy. Dean’s cheeks burn with embarrassment, because he honestly didn’t mean to let that come out, but Cas had indulged him, so he supposes the embarrassment was worth it. Maybe Cas will even start introducing that into their scenes, because Dean wasn’t the only one who found that hot.
wow, okay. my sincerest apologies for being so MIA. i had quite a week, lol.
When Dean wakes up, he isn't tired.
But part of what Dean loves about Cas is how meticulous he is. It’s a comfort to know that he is so stuck on the details, and reassuring to be able to give his input. It was just frustrating because he didn’t want that. He just wanted it to be Cas.
“You were gone all week,” Dean muttered. “I just- I wanted…”
“You didn’t do anything wrong,” Cas says. “I promise. And you’ll get your collar back as soon as you’re done with Alastair, I’m just taking it off during your time with him.”
“Fuck off,” Dean groans, turning back over and pushing his face into the pillow.
Dean's eyes fly back to meet his own in the mirror again, and he pants around the gag, tears blurring his vision when he realizes that this was the punishment.
“Yeah? Yes,” he says, a little embarrassed.
There's truth in his words, a clarity that Dean couldn't ignore, but all of a sudden he's so tired.
Castiel watched him go nearly insane with lack of sleep and stress and all of the other bad things once the business started growing, watching from the sidelines until he couldn’t take it anymore.
"I slept through my alarm," he says, slamming the door behind him before John can ask any more questions.
“Wait, wait,” Dean says, pulling back completely breathless. “Did you lock the door?”
“Try again,” Cas says, voice demanding and firm.
How could he hate himself, and hate the idea so much, that he would live in this absolute misery?
"What the fuck are you doing?" he cries out, trying to push Castiel away. "Get off!"
Dean stands up and follows her to the office, where she lets him into Principal Missouri Moseley's office, but doesn't follow him in there. He swallows awkwardly when he sees that there's another person in there, an older man with piercing blue eyes that are staring right through him.
“What’s wrong?” Dean asks, apparently having taken notice of Cas’s face.
Dean had forgotten about the door, and he feels a flush of embarrassment at the thought of any of his co-workers seeing him like this. Dirty, debauched and filthy. And Cas tells him constantly that it’s nothing to be ashamed of, and that he doesn’t need to think about why he likes it so much, but that doesn’t matter.
“Your loyalty is amusing,” Alastair says, a cruel smirk in his voice. “Did you know that there’s a leak, Dean?”
yikes. so, i wrote a part 2. this might become an entire story, lol. comments, kudos, reads appreciated :) thank you for reading!
Some days, Cas still isn’t sure how that happened.
“Ow,” Dean hisses, as Cas slaps his face for the second time. “Stop hitting me.”
Swallowing, Dean tries to ignore how good it felt when he turned over and his cock dragged across the sheets. Whimpering, he pushes his hips one more time, desperate for some kind of friction. Cas hasn’t touched his cock in days, instead playing only with his hole.
“Dean, are you awake?”
“No,” Cas says, moving down to kiss the side of his neck.
“So needy, puppy,” Alpha whispers, securing Dean down to the chair he’s set up in the living room. “Not to worry. Alpha will fill your little hole in just a second.”
“I can’t spend all of my time with you, whore,” he says, switching to the cold tone he uses in business. Not for his sweet boy. “I own you. My name is on your collar. Which means you get whatever I give you, and you don’t get to complain about it.”
Castiel's house is huge.
"Come here, sub," Castiel says, lacing command into his voice. "Now."
Dean doesn’t even know what happened, because he passed out halfway through. The sheets have been changed though, because the last ones had bloodstains and Michael’s come all over it.
The thought is too scary. That vulnerability is too much. Too dangerous.
Castiel frowns, but they had pulled up to the office, so Castiel sighs and opens the door. Dean waits, sulking a little as Castiel comes around the side to open his door for him.
“Apologize,” he says, pulling tighter.
“Sam has asked me to come to Stanford and guest lecture for their forensic linguistics program this summer,” he says. “And I was wondering if you would like to join me for a bit of a vacation. It’s in two weeks. I’ll be on break, and I figured you could take a week or so off, considering all the time off you’ve been saving.”
Cas doesn’t let up. Dean’s been bratting all week, snapping at Cas or ‘forgetting’ to pick his dirty clothes up off the floor.
With a gasp, Dean comes all over himself, completely untouched and euphoric.
"I love you, Dean," Castiel says. "I love you."
"Good," Daddy whispers. "Good boy."
“Would you care to explain yourself?” Castiel repeats, and his other hand reaches down to Dean’s cock. Dean gasps at the contact, but Cas just holds him there.
hope you're enjoying :)
“Daddy,” Dean begs, cheek stinging. “Daddy, please, I wanna come so bad, please touch me. I’ll do anything. I’ll be your slut, your good boy-“
“Please,” Dean begs, resolve completely gone, needing more time with Cas the way he needs air. “Please, fuck me, use me, let me be good for you, please-“
Nothing. No response, and yet there’s something in his being screaming at Castiel to make him.
Dean looks up, down, everywhere but at Cas, high, begging noises in the back of his throat as he struggles. Shifting both wrists into one hand, Cas pulls back, slapping Dean across the face. Dean groans as he feels a drop of precome sliding down the tip of his neglected cock, begging for Cas to touch it.
“No.”
Of course, that becomes irrationally hard when Cas starts to suck on his cock.
This isn’t about him, though. It’s for his sub.
Cas follows his gaze, seeing the bulge through the soft sweatpants Dean had put on this morning.
Dean’s stomach flips. He’s sick of this dude, sick of his eyes and his honesty and
"I'm not 100% sure if there's even something we can do," Benny says. "We don't know where Michael is, and wherever they are, I guarantee you we can't just walk in there and grab him. Probably has fifteen thousand guards on him."
When Dean thinks about what’s happening between them right now, about how Cas so carefully controlled him and wrenched his soul open, leaving him so vulnerable and exposed, it’s terrifying.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Yeah,” he whines, trying to push up into Cas’s hand.
“That’s right,” Cas says. “Do I need to tie you up?”
“I like you down there,” Cas murmurs, hand carding through his hair. “It’s where you belong.”
Ice runs through Dean’s veins, stopping him cold when he realizes that Sam wasn’t present in his thought process. Not even a little bit. Stupid, he thinks. It’s a job, not a relationship. You’re here for your brother, don’t be fucking stupid.
Michael likes Dean’s bruises even more than Alastair did, and that’s saying something. It isn’t sex. It isn’t even BDSM. It’s the kind of fake shit fake doms like to call BDSM as an excuse to abuse other people.
“That sounds like a you problem,” Cas says, turning towards the mirror to check her his appearance. “You’re mine. If I want you bound and helpless, that’s how you’ll be.”
“Too bad,” Cas says. “Tell me.” Dean still stubbornly refuses to respond, so Cas sighs, tipping his chin up with a finger before reaching across to slap him. Dean yelps, cringing, and then looks up to Castiel.
“No, you aren’t.”
Dean almost completely collapses when Cas goes down to his knees and swallows down his entire cock, cage and all.
He was just a chess piece, something to be gambled away. A toy that Castiel used and then threw away.
There was no sense of time in the room. No clock, no windows, nothing to gauge how long Dean sat there and ached.
Gasping, Dean pulls back, looking wide eyed up to where an angry Cas is staring down at him.
"You know I wouldn't do that, Cassie," Gabe says begrudgingly. "I like Dean, and it's your choice what to do with him. I just don't know if he's worth all this."
Castiel can’t stop himself from stroking Dean’s throbbing cock one more time before getting up and rummaging through the cabinets for an ice pack, cracking it as he turns around.
"I'm fine, Ms. Milton," he lies begrudgingly. "Just have a bit of a headache, is all."
“Before we get started, I wanted to ask how you were feeling about this,” he says seriously. “Do you still want this?”
It’s working. Dean’s hormones are stabilizing, and he has proof of that with the blood tests Cas still gets every morning, but he’s been kept in a hazy state of horniness because Cas won’t let him come.
Dean looks down at his half-hard dick, unable to ignore how hot he was for this whole thing. Ever since Cas brought it up three weeks ago, Dean’s been dreaming all about what Cas is going to do to him. How it was going to feel, what he’d have to do.
He doesn't even
"I know it's only been a day, but I'd like to get started on your training right away," Castiel says, helping Dean off his knees. "I'd like for you to miss as little school as possible."
Dean luxuriates in the feeling. The few moments after you wake up, suspended in between sleep and awake where everything is magical. He can ignore all of the life things, all of the stressful things.
It’s terrifying.
thanks so much for reading :) hope you're enjoying!
He'll do the rest later.
“Fuck your fucking rules. I’m busy,” he snaps, the words out of his mouth before he can even regret them.
"You're so wet, baby," Castiel whispers. "You get this hard and needy from a spanking, I can't wait to see how pretty you beg when I play with this beautiful little hole of yours."
“My shoulders are sore,” he mutters, shifting on the seat and looking anywhere but at Cas as he starts to pee, not able to hold it any longer.
“He wouldn’t,” Dean muttered, more to himself, trying to maintain his faith in Cas. “D- He wouldn’t.”
Dean's eyes widen and he pulls him up, and Dean cringes, waiting for him to slap him or put him over his knee. His stupid cock hardens in anticipation. It's replaced by confusion when he pushes Dean down into his desk chair, which he’s pulled out to sit in front of the mirror.
The random question catches Dean a little off guard, and he flails for a second.
anyway, i hope you enjoy! if i end up writing another longer work, i promise the premise and plot will be better organized. :)
“Today, sweet boy, we’re going to work on your attitude,” Cas says casually. “Alpha has some friends over later today, and it’s time for you to accept your place.”
“Really?” Cas says, feigning surprise, although he knows. Out of all the rules the two have, that’s one Dean never had any problems following. “You didn’t touch?”
“Be quiet,” Cas says. “We’re in public, you know. I don’t want to hear anything else out of you.”
A broken whimper fills the little room when Cas grabs at his caged cock, fingers twisting the little sound to match.
“No.”
You’ll stay with me,” Cas says. “In my home, as my own personal… assistant. And as long as you’re good for me, and as long as you listen, I won’t touch a hair on your brother’s head.”
As long as Castiel suffers, he wins.
Dean stops short, and Castiel thinks he might be able to see the edges of panic appearing on Dean's face. In his eyes, the way his shoulders tense up and he starts to shake just a little bit.
“Please, Cas,” he whines. “It- I want to come, take it off.”
No, Dean thinks. Cas would never have sold me. He wouldn't give me away. Not his Cas. Not Daddy.
He knows he doesn’t have to. He has his nonverbal safe words, he can pull out of this and Cas would never fault him for that. He isn’t like that. Outside of their playtime, Cas is hopelessly affectionate and so in love with him that Dean doesn’t even know how to deal with it.
He’s so, extremely screwed.
“You can brat all you want, sub,” Castiel whispers right into his ear as he’s knotting the ropes. “I don’t care how hard you fight me, I’ll take you down."
“You have your safe words, my love,” Cas says quietly. “I’m going to push your limits tonight, but there is no obligation, okay? If you need to stop, we’ll stop. You trust me?”
Dean swallows, but obediently comes toward Cas, looking at his outstretched hand like it might hurt him.
“Are you gonna stay at my place, tonight?”
“I need an answer, pet,” he says quietly, the words barely there.
Dean looks toward the door, confused by the hope he felt at recognizing the voice.
But when he thinks of home, it’s always Cas.
“You have no idea what I gave up today, Dean,” Castiel says, his voice breaking. “Could have given you up, but I didn't. What have you done to me, boy?”
“Let me tell you something. There are two things I know for certain. One”— he held up his thumb —“Bert and Ernie are gay. Two”— he held up his index finger as well—“you are not gonna die a virgin. Not on my watch. Let's go.”
“I can go wake him if you want.”
, he told himself. That’s all that was. Cas didn’t seem to notice, thankfully. Too wrapped up in what they were doing.
“I miss her already.”
“Do you still have a uterus?”
“Hey, dad.”
He didn’t mean to call him that, it just slipped out.
Instead of going back to kissing, Dean decided to take off his shirt. Cas’ gaze followed it intently. Dean noticed and decided he might as well put on a little show. But when his belt was off and his pants on their way down, Cas staring at him became weird and he suddenly felt too naked.
Cas gasped and instinctively reached out and grabbed the back of Dean’s head. This spurred Dean on and he started going a little quicker. When he noticed Cas losing control he pulled off of him, Cas whining in protest. Dean laughed as he wiped his mouth with the back of his hand.
“What time is your roommate coming?” he asked.
Cas smiled.
“Do you want me to brush it?” Cas asked, nodding to Dean’s hair, “It’s gotten longer.”
Dean and Sam, who had been in the library when it happened, both hurried over to Cas with worried looks on their faces.
“Oh, yeah. Out like a light.”
“Where’s dad?”
Cas had asked a bunch of questions. What does Dean do first? What things can’t he do? Which things are most important? Dean got snappy with his answers after a while but Cas paid him no mind. He just acted like every answer he got was with a big smile and a generous attitude. When Cas actually put his shampoo-drained hands in his hair, though. All tension, all built-up irritation, everything left his body. For lack of a better word, it was angelic what Cas could do with his hands.
“Good.”
Dean stretched out, throwing his arms up in the air and straightening his legs out, before sagging back down again and sighing.
you sure it’s, you know, yours?” Sam asked.
Dean was starting to get lost in it now, it was impossible to hold on to any sort of comprehensible thoughts. Cas had his eyes open but they were unfocused.
“You wanna keep the socks on?” Dean asked, amused.
“Something's happened. Something…” he groaned, tumbling over a little and catching himself on the map table. “Angel radio... There are so many voices.”
They sided to the kitchen on their way to the living room (well, it’s not really a living room. But there’s a couch, and a tv), Dean grabbing some pain relievers. They don’t really work most of the time but if he’s lucky it dampens the pain a little.
He repeated it back to her, giving her a kiss on the top of her head and letting her go.
He mumbled out his permission before hearing the squeak of the barely used door handle.
“Ow,” Dean said.
“Is something wron—“ he cut himself off when he saw Dean leaning over the steering wheel, crying into his hands. “Oh, Dean.”
He put the sandwich on the plate and turned off the stove. He grabbed the phone and made his way to their bedroom. Cas was fast asleep on the bed.
“Here,” Dean said and handed over the phone, “I’ll put him to bed.”
“Are you okay?” Cas asked.
Cas smiled at the picture before him but was interrupted out of his daydreaming when his phone started ringing.
Dean chuckled, shaking his head fondly.
Cas straightened up.
Dean didn’t answer, just started kissing his way down Cas’ chest. He pushed his previous thoughts into the back of his head and tried to focus on Cas instead. He looked good, fit. He wasn’t the biggest guy Dean’s been with but he was far from the smallest. When he got to his bellybutton Cas sucked in his stomach suddenly. Dean looked up at him through his eyelashes, a satisfied smile on his face.
“Maybe not,” he agreed, in a hushed voice.
Not long after they met, Dean had asked Cas, somewhat shyly, if maybe he could heal
“Hey.”
They let go after a minute, Cas walking over to the pantry and taking out some stuff. Dean’s face converted in pain as he sat back down at the kitchen bench. He felt Cas’ eyes on him but decidedly ignored them.
Cas laughed again, sitting up properly.
Together they settled on the couch, which was straight in front of the tv so Dean didn’t have to bend his back and neck weirdly. The footrest in front of him so he could rest his feet and lean back properly. The footrest was long enough for Cas to use too, but he didn’t always. He didn’t need to after all.
“...yes,” he said reluctantly.
This time he could stand up without his legs giving out so he accepted the towel Cas was holding and started drying himself off.
“You nervous?”
Dean grimaced, “Dude.”
Just a minute later his phone lit up with a call. He handed it to Dean, who pressed answer.
Dean walked past him to put Jack back in the backseat.
Dean put a hand on his chest in exaggerated offence and scoffed, “Well, okay, young girl. No need to get all snappy on your fathers.”
He leaned down and kissed him. Cas froze at first but quickly warmed up. He obviously didn’t know what he was doing but Dean didn’t mind. He’d gladly teach him. He parted his lips, Cas thankfully getting the memo and copying him. They kissed for a while, Dean guiding Cas. After a few minutes he took Cas’ hands and placed them on his waist.
Dean quickly undressed and got into the shower, turning on the water and sitting down in the chair. He watched as Cas undressed too. Can’t blame a guy for checking out his own boyfriend.
“No, it’s just my fucking leg,” Dean said. He put some weight on the foot that was gone, “But I think it’s good now.”
Cas sighed but closed the door. He struggled his way through some unopened boxes before sitting down next to him.
“I know, I know. You were friends then best friends then boyfriends, I’ve heard this a thousand times.”
“Hm?”
“You love teen dramas,” Dean said.
“What? No, I mean, yes!” He sighed, “Of course, I did, Cas. If I’m being completely honest with you, man, you were better than the majority of the people I’ve picked up over the past few years.”
I shouldn't have- I should've asked-"
"Just the one bed, then?"
dryer that still works in his rundown apartment building to become available.
Cas doesn't look at him directly, but he can't stop the smile that pulls at his mouth when he hears Dean mutter under his breath: "Ugh, man, seriously? The raisin bran goes at the
(See the end of the chapter for
"Does it?" And Cas is actually asking in earnest, though he wonders what would constitute "better". He does know he'd like to find out.
get at Dean's point.
Dean laughs and clicks play.
him down the hallway.
Dean claps Jack on the back, "Great, because I know the best burger joint about 15 miles from here, and you've earned one," Dean says, with his patented goofy smile plastered on his face, pointing a finger at Jack.
is a winning smile, "Your place or-"
big of a dick. Is he? "What? Cas I-"
Cas takes a nervous breath out, "You. It's you."
Dean fights back another yawn, "Nah, 'm not tired, really."
"I'm so proud of you, you know that? You know, you said you changed for me, but you changed for
of his chest. He hopes there aren't any psychic Looney Tunes fans in a 15 miles radius, or this will be an embarrassing death experience to explain to Sam later.
"Some things you can't outrun. And that's okay, sometimes you gotta know when to quit."
"Yeah," Dean replies, and then - much
It's a rhythm, and it beats on for a few months.
Now, he lays in the dark for a few dozen minutes. Not-Dean is already dozing off next to him. He knows it's considered rude to leave - and he is quite comfortable - so he lets himself fall asleep too.
"Yeah, well, since when do we get what we deserve?" Dean shoots back, a watery smile on his face.
The text cursor blinks at him, the line still blank. Cas swallows, then types out:
“She’s…very under-dressed for the weather.” Cas answers, pointedly ignoring Dean’s question-under-the-question.
. Maybe tonight it would stop being maybe, if Cas just leaned in and-
"You're going to be okay, Dean," Cas says, with such certainty that it's like he's trying to convince the universe of it. Like he's trying to force it to be an inarguable truth.
"Great," Bar Guy says with what Cas is sure he
"So he started coming around the room, right? And usually we'd just sit and watch old westerns or whatever crap was on public access and bitch about school or life or something, but um, one night-" Dean stops looking anywhere, and closes his eyes before he continues. "One night, Sam was at the library I think, doing nerd stuff and, and the guy was over and we just- we were just sitting at the end of the bed watching tv. And then he-" Dean screws his eyes shut tighter and hot tears spill out of the corners, "He just- he just leans over and
Dean spins around. "Hey, what the hell did you just say?"
an angel before, didn't even think they
Dean puts his hand up, "Cas,
stuck around, and you were always there. You're the best friend I've ever had. But I never," Dean swallows, steeling himself, "I never let myself
"I didn't mean it like that, I just- I know that kinda guy, alright? All he wanted was to get in your pants and then lose your number in the morning. You deserve better than that."
Cas takes a deep breath out, "I love you, Dean."
Cas scoffs around the lump in his throat and looks away, tears finally spilling out. Instinctually, Dean reaches up to brush them away and pulls Cas' head back up to face him.
And, oh, that’s maybe…way more possessive than Cas thinks it should be. He tears his eyes away and focuses on nursing the cheap beer in front of him, the label almost completely ripped off.
Cas feels a tear roll down the side of his face, and he realizes he was so focused on hearing every word Dean was saying he didn't notice he had started crying too. He wipes his face with the back of his hand and says, "Dean, you know tha-"
Dean keeps grinning, though there's maybe a bit more... intent to it than before? Maybe Cas is just projecting, or hoping, but maybe not. "Lucky me."
Dean lifts his head up with an easy smile, "Just fine, Sammy."
Cas just nods in response, and the man indicates to the bartender they'll be needing two more drinks. Hat Trick turns to say something, but is promptly interrupted.
Cas had thought a lot about Dean touching him, but he'd never considered the fact that
"Like he
Dean relaxes at the sight of him. He wouldn't say he was worried, but he wasn't
asking him if he'd "hooked up" with someone made him angry in the "divine wrath of heaven will rain down upon you" sense - which is angrier than he has been in at least the last few decades.
. I just thought that I couldn't have you."
These days, he looks less at Dean's soul and more at just
). He's partway through his third beer of the night and Dean is slamming down his second with a tall blonde woman a few tables down.
"Tell me?"
"And after that, you stuck around. You
to dwell on it.
"Come on, come here," Dean holds his hand up a bit, and when Cas steps close enough he lays it over his heart.
much trying to make himself small (not that that's something a man of his size could ever entirely succeed at).
The guy breaks eye contact with Cas, sets his laundry basket down on the machine, and bursts into laughter.
"Oh, well, thank you?" Cas replies, unsure whether it's meant to be a compliment or an insult.
Cas gasps, then his own eyes go wide as he looks over at Dean. Dean's breathing hard, and he looks like he can't quite believe the words that just came out of his mouth. He stares at the road, glances at Cas, looks back at the road, then drops his eyes down to the door handle and gets out of the Impala - not bothering to shut it on the way out.
contact. Cas puts on a brave face and turns to Dean regardless.
Dean-"
he could), but he can promise
Cas sighs and runs a hand over his face. To his horror, he realizes too late it's the hand that had been previously (and still is) holding the underwear.
It's been a week.
The car ride over is strangely serene. It turns out Bar Guy doesn't live all that far from where the bar is, so it's a
Jack turns to Sam with that same calm smile on his face, "Just here to set something right."
that's been between them for so long finally coming to the surface. It's entirely too much. It's entirely not enough. Dean unfists Cas' coat and smooths out the wrinkles, Cas lets the arm wrapped behind Dean's head fall and slip around his waist instead.
. With a want. He realizes he likes it considerably better than all the other times he's been kissed, and wonders if that has to do with the situation or the gender. He thinks on it as he pushes Bar Guy's jacket from his shoulders, and figures the answer is probably both. Maybe-Chris or Maybe-Mark's hands wander to Cas' tie and pull it off.
Dean turns to watch Cas rush off deeper into the bunker and sees Sam appear in the doorway in front of him. He almost gets body checked by the pissed-off angel headed in his direction, and Sam's head swivels to watch him go.
Dean's pretty sure he's said I love you more times in the last 2 minutes than he's said it in the rest of his whole life combined.
- Dean hesitates for a moment. Could swear Dean's eyes flick down to his lips for just a
Dean smiles, "No, no definitely not." And, just for fun (and just to make absolutely sure), "You?"
Dean leads, hand reaching back and gripping Cas' so firmly he knows the skin's going paler where their hands link. Maybe it's the mythology reference Cas just made or maybe it's something else, but Dean doesn't let himself look back. They pause for a second when they reach the portal. If there was anyone to pray to Dean would pray with every part of himself that this works. Instead, he just hopes it does.
Dean grins, "I guess you could say I'm here to grip you tight and raise you from perdition."
And Cas just looks at him, wide-eyed, crushed and hopeful at the same time. He can't find the words to respond, so he shakes his head again as an answer. Dean brushes away another tear that breaks over Cas' face, and looks at him, really
"I- what?"
Cas sucks in a breath. He looks off towards the kitchen where he hears the echoes of faint pops and Dean's slightly off-tune rendition of
Cas had already grabbed their bags from the trunk of the Impala and pushed into their room in the time it took Dean's brain to reboot enough to engage in higher functions such as "walking" and "breathing normally" and "not having a face comparable to an over-ripe tomato".
That is, he thinks that up until the moment Dean's fingers wrap around his palm and then all he can think is
Ex-Hat Trick With Serious Balls just laughs and says, "Whipped."
"Cas?" Dean shouts into the void. Which is ridiculous, shouting into a literal limitless nothing and hoping Cas hears him. But it's the only play he's got, so: "Cas! You out there? Come on, man, I'm praying, okay? Cas!"
, well, anyway, I think I found us a case-"
Any trace of friendliness drops from Dean's face. "Yeah, of course he can, and he wants to leave. Cas, let's go." Dean says, tugging on Cas' arm.
Jack hums, "They can be complicated sometimes, can't they?"
Unshockingly, no one appears.
Cas is leaning back in a library chair drumming his fingers on his leg with a book on werewolves laying half-read and flat on the table when he feels his phone buzz in his pocket. He fishes it out and stares at a new text thread.
This is his worst nightmare. This is
"Cas, wait. Wait," Cas meets Dean's eyes, and Cas feels like he's the one run through for a second. Looking at Dean, he's
until he finally has to give in and let Cas half carry him to his bedroom. Sometimes, when that last one happens, Cas could swear Dean hesitates before he closes the door on him. Maybe that’s just wishful thinking, though.
Jack tilts his head. "Cas, what are they doing?"
"I thought you didn't-"
Cas grabs his arm, "Dean, don't. Let's just go, okay?"
Cas had overreacted. He knew that. It was unnecessarily rude, but something about
"Yes," and Cas smiles, taking a sip of one of the coffees. "They really can be.”
“What do you think about her?” Dean asks, and that knocks Cas out of his reverie. He traces where Dean’s eyes are looking and they fall on a woman smiling and talking with her friends on the other side of the bar. Short, dark hair, light eyes, wearing a crop top and a tight skirt.
"Lead the way."
you really need it, and I'm useless."
That makes Cas' ears burn, but he uses his grace to will the visual effects away. He figured Dean would have Sam or Jack share the couch with him, so he's surprised at Dean's off to "break it in'' with him. Cas feels a blush start to form again;
"Right." Bar Guy slaps a few dollars down on the table. He leads Cas through the crowd, out the door into the crisp night air, and into the passenger's seat of his decidedly
still in his. Dean turns around.
Dean, never being one to take a hint, opens his mouth anyway.
Dean's heart rate picks up again,
Even if he's laughing at him, Cas thinks he's never heard something that makes his stomach flip as completely as this. He'd like to hear this man laugh again, even though he knows it's certainly not in the cards at this point.
, please just- just leave me alone." Cas all but
"You-" Sam gasps and points one finger at Cas and then one finger at Dean, "Oh,
Cas trains his eyes on the portal, and looks a bit skeptical. "Are you sure it'll work?"
quieter he adds, "I think so too."
Dean gets to the empty. It took 4 months, a spell Sam found buried deep in the bunker's library, and more than one impromptu trip to hell to brainstorm with Rowena about how exactly to make it work - but Dean gets to the empty.
Cas does his best to put on an unaffected front, “Yes, I think I’ll manage.”
"Damnit, Cas, why would you say that?"
Dean shoots his brother a look, "It's 'cause you're getting old, Sammy."
again.
Sam is still pointing and connecting the dots when Cas, still generally unbothered, says, "I see, my apologies. Do you want coffee, Dean?"
Cas arches an eyebrow, "Really?"
"Since when do you get to decide what I do and don't deserve?"
"Dean, can you-" Cas cuts himself off, searching Dean's face for an answer. "Can you tell me what you're feeling?"
Dean holds up two beers in triumph as he weaves his way back to their booth, the smile on his face crinkling the corners of his eyes.
Fourth: he's awake at this time every night anyway. Plus, it keeps his mind off how he's stuck working a dead-end job for a boss he hates and he's sure would just as soon put a drill through his head if it meant it'd increase his "productivity" or whatever company line is. It also keeps his mind off his string of exes, for Meg to Mick to 3 other more forgettable flings in a row - he hasn't been able to catch a break. He
Cas feels his blood run cold in a way it never quite had before, but it feels all too familiar just the same.
"Usually, you just have to get over them first."
, "What do you mean?"
, what is Cas talking about? Sure, yeah, Dean can be a dick, but he's not
just get your wrist broken by a ghoul, you know."
Dean teases back, "Depends, what do you wanna say?"
strangely serene ride.
. "Thought we could make some popcorn. I know it doesn't taste like much to you but you said the texture was "somewhat agreeable", right?"
Dean - not make things worse. But over the years Cas had tried several times to get
"Promise you won't be angry with me?"
Update 4/30/2021 - I reread this recently and I realized I forgot to add in that Dean also picked up a few guys post-clueless induced coming out like I wanted to so I went back and added it in. It's probably because I wrote this whole fic wildly out of order lmao. Anyways, epilouge next chapter!
So maybe that was why Cas had been sitting in the kitchen for the last half hour audibly scraping his spoon on the bottom of a cereal bowl that's been empty for the past 5 minutes. Maybe he was waiting for Dean to come around and mumble something about how
They're standing outside a barn, ready to take it easy and decapitate some vamps.
"Cas, I
Cas' eyes soften. "Come on, I'll clean up. You should go to bed." Cas says, standing.
They lapse into staring at each other again, and something about isn't as uncomfortable as you'd think making prolonged uninterrupted eye contact with a total stranger (that you totally, completely embarrassed yourself in front of mere minutes prior) would be. Something about it just feels - right.
, just mine. And it never worked, everything I tried it just- it made it
don't do this. Don't do this to me. We're so close, so close to a normal life, don't do this now."
Cas nods, apprehensive, but he wants to hear Dean out. Dean steps back out of Cas' personal space, and Cas moves almost imperceptibly to chase the touch before they settle standing a few feet apart.
Cas smiles faintly, then elbows Dean right back. They go back to watching the movie in silence; shoulders pressed together.
Once he's checked no less than 3 times to make sure he hadn't missed a rouge sock at the bottom of the drum, he carries his load of wet clothes over the only dryer in the whole line of front-load dryers against the back wall without a printer-paper and sharpie
The unintentional (was it unintentional?) innuendo snaps Sam out of his connect-the-dots mode and into Full-Little-Brother Mode.
Cas looks at Dean. For a long moment, it's just that. Just Cas, looking wide-eyed at Dean, and Dean, hoping with every part of himself that he got it right this time. Maybe it goes on too long, maybe it doesn't go on long enough. In between that moment and the next, Cas shifts his eyes down to Dean's hand.
Cas is, how angry, how distraught. Dean steadies his hands on Cas' shoulders.
"I love you too, Cas," Dean whispers when they pull apart. "I'm sorry it took me till now to say it."
(See the end of the chapter for
Cas furrows his brow and looks at Dean softly, direct and sincere. "Dean, I made a deal."
Cas grabs it between his thumb and forefinger and reads it.
I'm adding this here to assuage any fear of sad foreshadowing that in my version of Supernatural they do get happy endings - and maybe even the other stuff too.
Searching for something to call him, Cas recalls he's often seen Claire refer to men she's met but doesn't care to remember the names of as [Blank] Guy - like Hardware Store Guy, or Walmart Guy, or Chinese Food Place Guy. Cas has unintentionally picked up the habit in his own internal monologue. Therefore, "Bar Guy" seems to be an apt name for now.
Cas nods again and gets a painfully soft look in his eyes that Dean can't look at, not quite yet. Cas wants to ask
and I saw you looking back at him like you were so
Cas opens his mouth but stops short and looks down, weaving his fingers together and focusing on his stretched palms in his lap.
not."
"I-" Jack pauses, looking around at everyone in front of him. Looking at his
"I know you're lying."
"Stop it," Cas responds. And he actually looks- scared? Angry? Upset?
"Castiel," Cas says in turn, gripping the guy's - Dean's - hand in a firm handshake. "My family was very religious," he adds automatically, to avoid any questions regarding his name.
Cas' hands reach into the neverending maw of denim and flannel again, but instead of closing around more cotton-rough fibers, he feels something - soft. Silky, actually. He tugs on the pile of clothes and pulls free a pair of bikini cut pink lace satin underwear.
(I just think Cas should get to have gay sex is that too much to ask)
. Where Cas would normally smile at this, he instead furrows his brows and flattens his mouth into a thin line.
"Right and uh," Dean swallows hard, keeps his eyes trained on the floor, swallows again, and says, "There was this guy I knew that came around the room sometimes. He- you know I, I don't even remember his name." Dean huffs out a laugh over the lump in his throat to try and break the tension, but it just ends up making the tears he's been holding back for so,
to be the one running your fingers through my hair and
Jesus, what has this place been doing to him?
for a few hours until Dean is yawning and leaning into Cas’ shoulder and saying
"I'm gonna kick your ass!"
As Cas starts to walk towards the kitchen Dean calls after him. "Hey, I'll take-"
"After everything! Everything! That's how it happens!" Cas shoves him, then lands another hit, this time to his ribs, doubling Dean over.
Dean's not paying attention, so Cas lets himself look. Lets himself catalog Dean's features for the millionth time - the curve of his nose, the slant of his jawline, the hairs out of place, the freckles painted onto his skin. Cas has still never gotten tired of looking at Dean. He thought he would, at first. He figured it was just a holdover from knitting him back together.
There's a massive bar piercing between Dean's shoulder blades, because
and not pitiful wallowing, thank you). He looks towards the voice and finds a man sitting at the table directly across the aisle from his and Dean's booth (
"When have I ever been good at waiting on you?" Dean says, still, somehow
"But you can't. And that's okay. It's okay, Cas."
"I love you, you stupid son of a bitch, I love you." Maybe he can fix it if he says it enough, says those three words enough, repeats them like a mantra, like a fucking heartbeat in his head.
He breathes in hard, panting, "holy- holy shit. What-" and Dean's eyes fall on Jack, "Jack?"
"Save it, Dean. I don't want to hear it."
Apparently,
line up with benefits 2 and 3.
" And he buries his face into Dean's hair, grasping at him, like if he pulls hard enough he can put him back together like he did before. "God,
It's sudden. It's the most beautiful sound Cas has ever heard.
"Dean, that's the 6th time you've yawned in the past 10 minutes. I think it's safe to say you need to go to bed."
"Right, right," Dean says, and pulls away, but slides his hand down to grasp Cas' hand in his. As he opens the car door he pauses, "I'll be right back, okay?"
Still vulnerable, and back to looking worried too, Cas says, "I have shown interest in "dudes", as you put it, though you are right to say you haven't noticed it."
"Hey, Cas, I'm beat. Why don't we get out of here?"
," and Cas' voice breaks on that, suddenly small, if Dean weren't so close to him he'd doubt he'd even be able to hear it. "It's not fair. You didn't deserve that."
Like Cas expected, he and Dean do drift closer through the film, so close their arms almost brush each time they reach for the popcorn providing a barrier between them.
First: there's never anyone down there, on account of it being the middle of the night.
"Don't you get it, Cas? Don't you get what I'm trying to say?"
Dean thinks hysterically,
It looks like he's standing on a whole lot of nothing, which gives him vertigo for a second before he remembers that nothing is really the whole point of this place. Still doesn't make him any less queasy, though.
Dean leans in and seals his lips over Cas'.
know. That's the whole point. You didn't know, but, Cas, I've been yours the whole time. You've
Bar Guy's eyes soften. He seems kind, if a bit nosy. "Trust me, it gets better."
fond, and Dean can't believe he never saw it before. How much Cas truly loves him - loves every stupid, reckless part of him. How much Cas loves
"Don't do this, Dean, please don't do this- please don't go."
am - specifically. Why is that?"
anything more than that. Even though there was so much that I wanted to have that was different than anything I've had before, I never let myself go there, because I knew if I did-" Dean cuts himself off, scoffs and looks away.
"Hey, hey Cas? Cas, it's me. Come on, wake up."
"Are those...mine?" Gorgeous Guy (with
Cas stands to full height and looks like he's going to walk past Dean, until he stops parallel to him and drops his hand onto Dean's shoulder- digs his fingers in a bit for added effect. Cas leans down until his mouth is a few inches from Dean's ear, and he feels Dean's muscles tense at the sudden shift in energy.
Cas just swallows and looks down. Dean moves toward him and lays his hand on one of Cas' shoulders, Cas' eyes dart from the floor to look at the contact, then back up at Dean.
The door clicks shut behind them and Bar Guy (Chris? Mark? Usually Cas is better with names than this) pushes Cas up against the wall and kisses him. Cas lets himself get lost in kissing back. He can count on one hand the amount of people he's kissed, but that number zeroes out if he's asked to count how many
Cas smiles at Dean softly. He can have this, he just has to say it. He reaches tentatively forward and slips an unsteady hand around Dean's, and Dean lets him. "I never wanted any of those men at any of the bars, I only ever wanted
Cas wants to snap back with
"If it doesn't then I'll keep coming back here until it does work, or until the Empty gets so sick of me that it either kills me or tosses us both outta here on principle," Dean says. His brazen recklessness has Cas making a face that Dean knows means he's doing everything in his power not to roll his eyes. But it's fond, it's so,
Dean takes a breath, and starts. "When we first met back in that barn, I had no idea what I was getting into. I'd never even
Dean spins on his heels and breathes a sigh of relief when his eyes fall on Cas, standing like a monolith against the stark black Empty surrounding them. That worked
than his worst nightmare, actually, because nightmares and just bad dreams. This though? This is very, very, very real.
Cas stares at the text.
mattered. And then he starts to take off my shirt and then, well, you can probably uh, see where that leads. But- but the thing is that, it
"Cas could you uh, could you come here?" Dean pats the space on the bed next to him and gives Cas a tight smile. Cas looks wary, but he still trusts Dean with anything,
trying not to sound like a nosy parent.
to take this,
"Because you are." Cas answers simply, even though he knows it doesn't
"Yeah, but you love me anyway."
He leaves the kitchen and winds through the hallway to get to the war room. There, halfway down the steps, is a slightly rumpled looking Cas.
). He's got his hand around a beer bottle in a position that says he just took a sip of it, and trailing up to his face Cas notices he has deliberately combed hair, a defined jawline, and 3 sets of earrings dotted up the sides of both ears.
to get the words out because it feels like if he doesn't they'll rip through his chest like knives or like claws or like bullets. As it were, the next words weren't sharp or jagged, they were hollow and whispered, "
"I bet he really
alone since Sam isn't there. He'd stayed behind at the bunker mumbling something about
"I'd never be angry with you."
“Great,” and Dean shoots him a winning smile that, admittedly,
still taps a cadence in Cas' chest.
saying that, and that's when it clicks in Dean's head. He thinks he's the Empty. Or some manifestation of it. He thinks Dean's
"Alright." The word rolls off Cas' tongue before he can stop it, but he finds - surprisingly - he doesn't regret it.
"Hey," Dean elbows Cas and whispers low enough that Jack and Sam won't be able to hear. "Paul Rudd looks pretty good in this one, don't you think?"
"Dean-"
"Dean, it's alright, I know you don't-"
"But you can have me. Hell, Cas," Dean laughs, raw and watery. "You already do."
"Ha, yeah. The 90's man, great decade."
The bars blend together. The hunts, the restless nights, the restless mornings, the slow afternoons. Dean leaving with a girl (or recently, a few times, a guy) on his arm more often than not, Cas sometimes leaving after Dean - always after, never before - with a man's hand on the small of his back.
"In love with your best friend, I've been there."
"I know, Dean. I'll be here."
, Dean. It's not
Cas is still looking past him, hopeless. So, once more with feeling. "Cas,
He's a functioning adult, alright? He has his life completely under control. He's got it. He
Dean waves him off. "Yeah, yeah, whatever." He sits down on one side of the new (old? New to them) couch.
. That he's always been loved.
Cas' eyes go wide for a half-second before going back to his ever-present semi-squint. Rubbing the side of his neck, Cas says, "What? Dean, no. It's just a bruise."
Dean's heart is full on slamming against his ribcage now, and in his hysterics his mind briefly flashes to the case they worked where a guy's heart literally beat
Cas doesn't move to kiss back, and Dean almost cries out with the sharp wave of pain that sends through him.
Cas opens his mouth to politely decline, but something stops him. Maybe it's the half a beer (unlikely), or the potential truth in the man's words (less unlikely), or the way he's thinking about how right now Dean is probably making out with that woman in the backseat of the Impala (much more likely), or the flecks of green he's just noticed in Bar Guy's eyes (very likely) but-
Well, it’s not only Cas that noticed, it’s just that Cas is the only one who offered a suggestion to fix it. After an hour or two of Dean pacing around post-hunt and organizing, then re-organizing, then re-re-organizing the cupboard, Cas proposed they go out and find something to do. Dean lit up at that and said
, maybe for the first time in Cas' endless forever of a life. And Dean thinks,
it's 3am, but there’s benefits to doing it this late, okay? First of all, there's no people around. Or- or, well, there shouldn't be, but you're here so- um, I suppose that's not applicable to this situation. But the machines are always open! Even though, they, uh, weren't- in this case. But they usually are!"
I kept pushing them away because whenever we'd start kissing all I'd be able to think about is
, and it's
(See the end of the chapter for
you more than I've ever wanted anything else, and I guess, hell, I guess you do too." Dean laughs a bit in disbelief, and reaches, timidly, for Cas' hand where it sits between them. Cas thinks,
at the two of them over there now. Her hand is on Dean’s shoulder, which makes something raw and tangled spread through Cas' chest.
"I think he can make his own decisions, don't you?"
