“Me too Sherlock. We’re together in this. Terrified.”
Mike curiously followed John’s gaze. “Ah, I see, “he said with a small chuckle when he realized who John was looking at.
His mind couldn’t help but analyze the changes in his body, as was his typical pattern. His eyes lit up as he reached a razor-sharp deduction: he was drunk.
“Hi, “John said stupidly, trying to catch his breath and the expression on the kid’s face was priceless. He looked completely flummoxed.
But he would stay. He needed to stay. He couldn’t bear to be separated from Sherlock now, even the last 24 hours had been hard. After all that Sherlock had been through these past few days, John desperately needed him to be alright a last, to be safe and sound in his care. When that was done, they could talk and heal and maybe also have a conversation about their feelings for each other, well at least John needed to confess his feelings. Or not. He wasn’t sure he would muster the courage to really speak about it, but he knew eventually it was of importance that he did.
“Alright, students, listen up, “Magnussen called out, pulling John out of his thoughts. “For the last section of today’s class, we’re going to take a look at the effects of certain toxicants on the anatomy of Omegas. It varies widely from the way it affects Alphas and Betas so we’ll concentrate on the differences between these effects and the reasons for the different effects.”
“No! No, Sherlock, you’ve got it all wrong.” Sherlock’s eyes widened when he saw the agitation in John’s face and John almost cursed out loud, frustrated with himself, with his incapability to get his message through to Sherlock.
John groaned in frustration, his hands clenching into helpless fists at his side.
“Sherlock, “he started slowly, trying to assess Sherlock’s state of mind, “I’m glad you seem to be alright. Are you alright? You seem good, considering the circumstances.”
“Yes, it’s the big one in the auditorium for all the science students. It’s always on the second Tuesday of the new semester, don’t you remember?”
They grinned at each other.
“As if they would say no, “Mike commented, chuckling into his bowl as he scraped up the rest of his cereal.
Sherlock chuckled, leaning his torso on the table and resting his chin lazily on his bent elbow. That last full glass had been a little much for him, it seemed.  Well, it was too late for regret now.
“So, gentlemen, how is the situation?” he asked softly, politely as if his brother hadn’t nearly been raped the night before.
That is, until now. Momentarily, it seemed that John was unable to give Sherlock the space he needed. Usually, he understood that Sherlock was unwilling to talk about every single thing that occupied his mind and he respected his boundaries. But after that unfortunate incident in the park, John seemed restless, almost anxious and he drove Sherlock crazy with all his mother-henning.
“You like it rough, yes? Alright, I’ll give you rough.”
“Sherlock!”
“Come on, “he said, deciding to broach matters now before his courage waned again, and he stood up, “make yourself comfortable on the couch, I’ll make us some tea, yeah?”
“Hey, John Watson!!”
“Yes, I’d like that very much, “John answered quickly.
“Me too.” Sherlock’s eyes seemed almost translucent, and John found himself mesmerized as he watched them changing from blue to green and back to blue again in the hollow light of approaching dusk, making its way inside through the gaps of the heavy dark-red curtains.
“Piss off,” Scott said drily.
His throat constricted around a tight knot and he swallowed hard, finally managing to turn his eyes away from the gorgeous creature sitting just a few meters away.
He could try an Alpha girl, for instance. It was rare for two Alphas to have sex, which did make sense on some level. But it was worth a try, wasn’t it? Who knew what he was missing?
It made him crazy that he didn’t have these hundred percent right now.
The girl named Molly grinned as she and John shook hands.
John’s heart beat loudly in his chest as he desperately searched for the right words to say. “W-well, “he stammered, “especially you should talk with someone professional, I think.”
“Alright, the tables are assigned by surnames. My assistants will explain who will go to which workplace.”
Then he changed his tone to something stricter. “You know Sherlock, you didn’t give me a chance to check on you or give you your meds. As your doctor, I must say, I’m disappointed in you.”
There was nothing and John began to despair.
“I’ll be right back, Sherlock, “John said, “I just need to make a few quick phone calls.” Sherlock just glanced at him and didn’t say anything, so John left.
“You don’t need to come with.”
In an instant he was on the man and threw him off of Sherlock with all his might. He saw shock and fear in the other man’s face, he was lying on his back with his hands up defensively and for a split second, John just stood over him.
First and foremost, he wanted to refuse the notion of John thinking of him as just an idiot.
But he knew it would be a mistake. Sherlock was incredibly fragile right now and to leave him here like that would be terribly wrong.
“Hold on, hold on, “she laughed, holding up the palms of both her hands. “You have a lot of questions.”
His eyes darted down to John’s throat.
He paused before he addressed the sulking detective once more. ”I won’t take any calls from you, Sherlock. No, don’t look at me like that, I mean it. You can contact me again for cases when John allows it.”
“Suck it like the good little whore that you are, “she growled, and he stifled a sob as she began to push the gun in and out of his mouth. Thankfully, he didn’t have to do anything – she did all the motions herself.
But his appearance was difficult in other ways, too. He was tall, lanky, bony. Taller than John, did that bother him? He didn’t mind. Even though John was short, he was strong and powerful, ever the capable soldier, ready to bring down any threat in a fight. He was tough, and Sherlock knew the older man could probably subdue him, even though Sherlock was taller and knew Baritsu. The sudden thought of John pushing him down to the floor, pinning his arms over his head, effectively trapping his body underneath his own caused an electrical tingling sensation to course all over his body. Once again, he was filled with shame.
The room was still spinning, but he managed to remain upright. His hand reached out so he could find support from the nearest wall. He took another step and deducted that it was a little hard, but he would manage. He looked up at John triumphantly.
John’s eyes crinkled as he smiled, his whole face lighting up and something in Sherlock’s guts twisted, but in a good way.
John withdrew his arm and looked a little bit embarrassed, nevertheless, he said “Alright, but you need to take it easy. The drug’s still in your system. I doubt you can walk steadily already.”
“What?” She pushed her face forward and licked at his earlobe in a very provocative obscene gesture. “Are you not attracted to me? Is this boring to you, too? You don’t seem bored, honey. I can feel your heart racing, you know.”
“He won’t like it, he will complain a lot.”
“Quite boring business, all that, “he said with a vague wave into the air. He snatched his laptop from the coffee table and curled up on the sofa with it on his knees.
With this, he inclined his head towards the doors behind the students. “My assistants are outside and will turn away anyone showing up after 8:15. I will make absolutely no exceptions. I don’t want to know about you having overslept or your mother calling about your sick grandmother. I don’t want to know about your dead dog or the bad case of flu you recently suffered. I don’t want to hear any of it. I have strict rules in this classroom and if you want to be a part of it, you will abide by these rules.”
Something in Magnussen’s black eyes twinkled and the thin lips curled into a self-satisfied grin.
“You...Sherlock….You’re everything to me, “John whispered, and he leaned forward, his face only inches away from Sherlock’s now.
John nodded, amazed that his friend was already back at the familiar game of deduction.
“So, everything went well?” Mycroft asked with a raised eyebrow and John nodded. “He didn’t cause any trouble?”
“Of course. Goodbye gentlemen.” Mycroft threw one last glance at John and Greg and then followed his little brother who had already left the room.
“You’re quite beautiful when you laugh like that, “the man whispered into his ear, leaning forward, even more, to be able to do so. “I like it.”
“What are you on about?”
“Thanks John. I don’t know what I would have done without you.”
He bit his tongue and banned all thoughts from his mind, finally succeeding. After five more minutes, he had taken photographs of everything important. He quickly gathered all the documents and put them back into the safe. Now he only had to get out of here and the case was as good as solved. He sighed. Oh, how he wished it had been a bit more of a challenge, but
“John!”
“I am?”
John hadn’t dared to wake him again, he wanted him to regain some strength before Mycroft turned up.  But now he needed to rouse him, Mycroft would be here in just ten minutes – on the dot, of course, he was the British government after all. He had briefly thought of calling Mycroft to tell him that there would be no examination. At least not today, Sherlock just couldn’t deal with that right now in his fragile state. But then he had decided against it. Mycroft would not have listened to him because he was just as stubborn as his little brother was, John knew that already. And he was an arrogant, pompous ass, too (just like Sherlock).
“Did he penetrate your mouth with his penis? Did he penetrate your anus with his penis, mouth, or his fingers?” she asked.
John’s heart leapt, and he felt almost dizzy with relief. “You do?”
What was worse were the come-ons, quite a few of which came from said arrogant Alphas who seemed to think it was okay to vulgarly comment about his lips or his hair, a fact which almost drove him crazy, every time it happened. It had happened so many times already since he had started here that he had actually considered going somewhere official on campus to complain about sexual harassment.
Silence. John expected Mycroft to get angry at him now, to raise his voice and tell him he was a bad friend and he should be ashamed of himself for failing Sherlock so. It would have been understandable. He knew how much Mycroft cared for his little brother even if he wouldn’t admit it openly and if something really bad had happened to him, Mycroft would have hunted him down and skinned him alive, he was certain.
For just a short moment, Sherlock had allowed himself to believe him. Just for once, he had reveled in the feeling of believing that he had found a kindred spirit, someone that may be worthy of his friendship, a
John smiled as he remembered the way Sherlock had almost lost it when they had finally found the killer’s hideout, somewhere in an abandoned warehouse in Southwark. He had been so enthusiastic about finding that telling stack of candy bars shoved into a corner that he had fallen on his knees, diving right into it with almost childish glee.
Inside his mind, a voice was screaming at John to put down his goddam cup, take Sherlock’s hand, and tell him what he really felt about him. Instead, he found himself speechless, opening his mouth and closing it again, feeling like a hopeless fool.
“Suck it, “she ordered. All the seductiveness and playfulness were gone from her voice. It was cold and merciless now. Leaving him no choice.
With a sigh he withdrew his hand and once again started pacing up and down the living room. Every few seconds he walked over to Sherlock to check he was still breathing normally then he resumed the pacing. He knew his own pulse was probably quite erratic and he tried to take long slow breaths to calm himself down.
It was also extremely revealing, and he felt as if a piece of a puzzle had slid into its right place. Yet he still didn’t have the full picture.
Sherlock turned around and looked at his friend in surprise. “What?”
“Sorry, Mike, “John said with a quick smile at his best friend and a first grateful sip of his coffee. “I’ll buy you lunch later, alright? Make it up to you.”
So John ate. It really tasted incredibly good and he cleaned away the whole plate. It seemed this whole thinking-about-his-life-thing had awakened his appetite.
“Oh, stop that nonsense, Mycroft! You’re only interested in me because of the work I do for you and the stupid British government! That’s all, so stop that pseudo-sentimental crap!”
“Yes, but only with my mate’s written consent and only if I’m able to find an employer who is willing to hire Omegas.”
Mycroft looked at him sharply.
Sherlock looked around and saw that he was still on the couch, though somehow, instead of sitting he was lying on it in a horizontal position, his head leaned back against the armrest. Mycroft was sitting on the other end of the couch, having leaned over him apparently to rouse him.
“Stop right there, “Sherlock said calmly, stopping Jack with a raised hand. “I’m really not in the mood for any games tonight, for a change. So just let me go and don’t make a fuss.”
“Oh.” Sherlock’s lips pressed into a thin line. “He threatened to call Mummy and Dad, tell them everything that happened. That’s of course an infeasible thought, so that’s that.”
He fixed John with a pointed stare, pushing his hands casually into the pockets of his black trousers.
At long last, Sherlock opened his eyes.
And then the man moved away without another word, his assistant hurrying after him with the heavy leather bag pressed against his chest. As soon as he was sure the Professor had left the building Sherlock let out a deep breath he didn’t know he had been holding in. For some reason, tears were prickling behind his eyes and he frantically blinked them away, furious at himself for letting his stupid emotions get the better of him. He didn’t even know why he was so upset, why what had happened had made such an impression on him. It had made him feel even weaker and more helpless than the situation with John Watson and that said a lot for that one had been quite disastrous, to say the least.
“Can’t you do it, John?” Sherlock’s eyes were glistening with unshed tears and John found himself mesmerized, unable to speak for a second. Then he recovered. He blinked and slowly shook his head.
“But, John, I think we need to talk….”
Mycroft raised an eyebrow. “Then stop acting like one.”
There were pictures instead of light. Pictures of him and John, from the very first day of their meeting until today.
He felt his hands closing around her heavily bleeding neck to strangle her and he was grimly satisfied by her cry of pain, the feel of her wet blood underneath his hands, and the fear in her eyes as she struggled weakly beneath him. She was suffering a great deal, and at that moment, it gave him a strange sense of justice. He was glad he had chosen to shoot her in the throat - that way she would have to endure a lot of pain before she died - she didn't deserve to die quickly from a bullet to the head. The blood was still spurting obscenely from her wound and he figured she would be dead in about three minutes at the most.
So I know that the relationship between the Sherlock and John seems quite advanced for a season 2 story. So let's just pretend they've known each other a bit longer, maybe a few years. The bond they share in this story wouldn't make much sense otherwise, probably...maybe? I don't know really.
“Well. The older Mr. Holmes told me to call him if Sherlock refused to obey my orders or if he got worse and then he left. I cooked Mr. Holmes some dinner – his brother had some foot delivered here – and Mr. Holmes ate a small portion. Originally, I wanted him to eat more but then he looked at me with such …. I don’t know what to call it – desperation? And I just couldn’t force him to eat more. It took him half an hour to choke down the little he had on his plate, and I figured it was enough for now. He let me look at his shoulder afterward as well as dress the wound anew. Everything seemed fine, he even let me take his temperature and that was fine, too.”
He made a vague gesture towards John’s knees, tilting his head and raising his eyebrows as if to say
Sherlock blushed – a very delicious und rare sight for John - and looked down. “Well, that… that’s not so important.”
“Get off!” he cried, as he pushed back against the other man with all his might. Just a few centimetres were all he needed to quickly duck his head and torso under the man’s arm he had used to crowd him with and step away, putting much-needed space between them so he could breathe again.
“Don’t fret, John. It’s only a concussion, you know.” John was pulled out of his thoughts by the low voice beneath him and his eyes widened when he saw Sherlock looking up at him with a weak grin.
“Alright alright, “he said, a little out of breath, “I’ll stay, but just for another half hour. Then I really must go home ‘cos I’m knackered.”
“You know how your brother is, Sherlock. He wouldn’t have budged. And I think he’s right, for that matter.” Sherlock glared at him and John added quickly “Please, let’s not start arguing again, alright? You can discuss it with Mycroft, he’s the one bringing the nurse.”
“Answer me!” Billy yelled suddenly, and Sherlock winced at the sudden loud noise so close to his ear but already his usual mask of arrogant condescendence settled on his face, and he opened his mouth with a sneer.
“I know that, “Sherlock said, still mashing at his keyboard, a little aggressively maybe.
“Alright. Okay.” He leaned over Sherlock and stroked the side of his face, frowning at the feel of burning skin. “I’ll just get some things, alright, Sherlock?”
Sherlock blinked a few times, a clear sign he was quite irritated. “No, I don’t see the necessity for that, “he said stubbornly, his eyes still focussed on the telly although his breathing had quickened and he was shifting uncomfortably, a little as if he wanted to put some space between himself and John.
“Oh, I can, and I will.”
Mycroft smiled although the smile never reached his eyes. “No need to work yourself up, Dr. Watson. I’m just as upset about the attack on my brother as you are.”
“What?” the woman said, “no way, he needs to be in a hospital.”
John watched his friend quietly and he couldn’t help but worry about him. Well, when did he ever not worry about Sherlock? But never as strong as this time and never under these kinds of circumstances, that was a given. It was his impression that his friend tried to appear stronger than he actually felt. He had admitted to being tired, that was at least something. But he was already walking about their apartment as if nothing unusual had happened last night and as if he wasn’t still under the influence of a sedative drug, well probably at least. He needed him to be reasonable, he needed him to work with him, let himself be looked after properly. That meant eating, for instance, too.
No, it turned easily and he exhaled in relief. Cautiously, he opened the door, half-expecting the blinding white light to make a re-appearance. He was wrong again.
“I feel alone when you’re not there, “John said, his heart hammering in his chest as he dared to speak again. “I miss you the second you’re not by my side. I could lie on a bed with your head on my chest forever, it’s an almost incredible feeling having you so near….” His voice broke, and he swallowed, took another deep, shaky breath .”I want to kill anyone trying to hurt you. Seriously, I want to bash their brains in, rip the arms from their sockets, take them as far away from you as possible, anything so that you won’t get hurt. I cannot bear the thought of you being hurt. I ...it almost hurts physically when you cry….”
Greg looked apologetic. “I’m sorry, mate, but my superior insisted. We just had that incident with you three days ago and I should have arrested you then, you know that. Mycroft got you out of that but with a body in the morgue, I can’t just leave it like that. I need your statement and I need your fingerprints.”
John was appalled. “But...that’s preposterous! The government should support companies financially, help them pay Omega’s wages so that they wouldn’t be willing to exclude them from a position just because of their gender.”
“I said…”
“No buts, Mr. Holmes,” she admonished, and she grabbed his arms firmly, ignoring his wince at her rough touch. It took her just a minute to disentangle his arms from the cables which she laid over the EEG machine. “Now be a good boy and get into bed again.”
Another wave of dizziness washed over him, and he moaned in pain as a feeling like a knife being jammed into his head hit him out of nowhere.
If he was honest, the answer to that was very clear: he hadn’t been.
Heat rose in his cheeks as he mentioned that last part but Sherlock blushed prettily too, which encouraged John to continue.
The next thing he realized was the fact that he felt like he had been run over by a truck. His whole body ached with strain and exhaustion from the fever that had wrecked it. His head was pounding with an agonizing headache. The inside of his mouth felt like cotton and his throat was parched from dryness. He would give anything for just a sip of water.
“But it wasn’t him!”
There would be tons of food, crowded rooms and loud people and of course, the presents. Sherlock had always been unable to hide when he didn’t like a present and as always, he was given stuff he didn’t like. Why was it so hard for his parents or anyone else in his family to understand that he didn’t need any toy cars, wooden or remote control, or in whichever form? He also wasn’t interested in toy soldiers, balls, or any kind of vehicle other boys his age loved to take for rides down their streets. Every Christmas mummy told him to behave like a good little boy and say thank you for every present he got. Every time it ended with him being scolded and sent to his room because he had scowled at whatever was given to him or even said out loud that he didn’t like it. He had explained to his parents countless times what he would love to get. He wanted a dog. It was as simple as that.
– he hadn’t gotten any more clues as to what piqued the other man’s interest. For all he knew, Sherlock was asexual. Just not interested in anything like that. It didn’t matter. Technically.
Maybe it sounded a little corny, but John appreciated being so in tune with his best friend. They didn’t even need many words, they just understood each other. It was as simple as that. When Sherlock was in danger somewhere, being threatened by mad serial killers or dangerous naked women John somehow knew, and Sherlock knew when John was in peril vice versa.
John wasn’t easily flustered but he was a little nervous. He registered his pounding heart with surprise. It was a very rare occasion that someone made John Watson nervous but unfortunately, this was very bad timing. He didn’t want his normally so confident and easy-going charisma to be compromised, especially in a situation like this. So he tried to push the uneasiness away, never letting the smile on his face die. The way the bloke looked at him, full of distrust and impatience, he knew he was walking a fine line and he had to choose his next words carefully.
“Oh. Right, sorry. Yes, I listened to you, “he said quickly, a little embarrassed. “You got everything right, congratulations.” Sherlock looked smug and John felt the need to add “I was worried about you, of course, you daft sod, not about the bed. I’m a little hurt that wasn’t obvious to you.”
John sighed and ran a hand through his hair in exasperation. He stared out the window, subconsciously biting at the cuticles of his right thumb as he tried to quell the increasing turmoil in his belly. He really didn’t have the nerve to spend hours at the police station just to answer an endless stream of tedious questions.
And he scrambled out of bed. “What are you doing?” John raised his eyebrows at him.
He was angry at himself. How could he sit here, and just ogle Sherlock as if there weren’t more important things to do, like comfort him for instance. Tell him that he was here for him now and that he would finally be alright, after all, that had happened.
“Alright then, Mr. Holmes, “Mrs. Wilkins said, her voice patient and calm. “Then tell me what details you do remember.”
The corner of those curvy lips curled up in devilish delight. “Hm, thought so. Well, he’s been doing it, the latest two murder are Charles’ handiwork. He didn’t even tell you about it, probably wanted to have some fun without you. He didn’t even do very well. Left behind those corpses in a much worse state than usual. Managed to decapitate the female victim when he went at her head with his knife. What do you think of that? Pretty disappointing right, such brotherly betrayal.”
He had just settled down in front of the telly with a huge hot bowl of soup in his lap when Sherlock appeared, clad in his beloved blue dressing gown, thrown over fresh shirt and trousers, water dripping from his wet curls. He looked …. nice.
He slowly got off the bed and stepped over to Sherlock’s. “May I?” he asked softly, and Sherlock nodded, apparently surprised that John would ask his permission to touch him even after he had urged him to examine him. He reached out and gently took Sherlock’s wrist into his hand, checking the pulse. Then he leaned forward to look at Sherlock’s pupils, holding him steady by a soft grip of his chin. He tried not to think about how nice it felt to touch him and how near they were to each other. Sherlock’s eyes followed his every movement and he seemed to hold his breath as he waited for John’s conclusion.
John swallowed heavily as he began his task. He began by taking off Sherlock’s torn and bloody shirt. Again, Sherlock didn’t react as John very softly lifted his torso up to pull the shirt from his arms and threw it onto the ground next to the bed. He looked at Sherlock's upper body and couldn’t suppress the small curse leaving his lips.
But John had yelled at him for not taking care of himself.
He turned and walked back towards where he had come from, hanging his head in sullen disappointment.
“That would be great, thanks!” He beamed at her and she blushed which immediately made him reconsider his decision.
He stopped and closed his eyes. At once the image from the night before appeared in his head, and forced himself to breathe evenly, his hands clenching into fists at his sides subconsciously. Hot fury welled up inside his stomach and he had to take another deep breath, trying to will it away.
John looked at him as a thought entered his mind. “How come you talked to Greg? I thought he wouldn’t give you more cases at least for a few days…” At least he had hoped so, but apparently Greg had thought otherwise. He wished Greg would have talked to him, but then again, maybe Greg didn’t have the chance to do so, just like him.
Take care!
“Now wait a minute! That’s not true!” John bellowed as he jumped out of his chair, his finger raised threateningly.
“You’re an idiot, and that’s why you’ve been hurt so much in the past and the reason you will keep getting hurt in the future. You just can’t keep yourself from being yourself and someday it will kill you, Sherlock! See where your bloody mouth gets you then!”
John blanched a little and Greg’s face fell. “God, John, that was a joke.”
It was approximately fifteen minutes later that Sherlock noticed he was feeling sort of funny. He was hot but the stickiness from the room and the people around him didn’t bother him as much as before. He felt a little drowsy, but also relaxed, his usually so stiff muscles didn’t feel stiff anymore and he was slouched on his chair in a very un-Sherlockian manner.
“John! Look at this!”
But John still knew him better.
He swallowed heavily and desperately tried to push the unbidden images out of his thoughts. In the back of his mind, he registered that his heart was beating like mad in his chest and his body, faced with overwhelming physical and emotional strain, was trembling.
Sherlock simply nodded and with another skeptical look in John’s direction the doctor left. The nurse tried to coax Sherlock into the hospital gown again and this time he accepted it, albeit reluctantly.
Everybody started talking and packing up their things. John’s gaze however was immediately drawn to Scott who pulled his bag over his shoulder and, after throwing a quick, wary glance in John’s direction, walked away swiftly. John stared after him but although his instinct told him to go after him and make sure that he was alright he didn’t. It seemed that Scott had already pegged him as an Alpha arsehole and it seemed improbable that he was going to change his mind. John had no idea how he could get the Beta to see the good in him and he was tired of trying. He had blown his chance with him, he had to accept that.
His clear, rich voice sounded strongly from his chest and Sherlock found himself entranced by the lovely melody. The John he knew seemed to fade away, replaced by a different version of him: younger, innocent, unmarred by war, pain, and humiliation.
the other voice mocked him.
Sherlock gasped. His hand searched for his shoulder, searched for the wound there.
Hush, hush, time tae be sleepin
Jack grinned and took another step forward.
After a few seconds, John’s fist landed on the table with a thud. “No, you’re not!” he yelled, and Sherlock flinched violently, nearly dropping his laptop. “You’re not doing this, Sherlock, you’re insane!”
He knew that what had happened to him, both times, still had an impact on him. He would be stupid to ignore that. Even if it was silly, fretting over something that had happened to his transport, the threat of rape and murder had apparently still been strong enough to affect him, possibly even traumatize him. He hated to be this weak but he couldn’t ignore this, sooner or later he probably had to deal with this.
Then he resumed pacing and mumbling about laboratories and fake hounds and the importance of authentic experiments and John had to lean forward so he could make out all the crazy chaos spilling out of his friend’s mouth but it was getting difficult so he disrupted loudly once again: “Sherlock! Just get to the point.”
Out of breath, they withdrew from each other. Their foreheads brushed, as they held each other tightly trying to comprehend what just had happened.
Sherlock shoved him a little, but playfully.  “Ah, you’re just jealous, because I was the one who thought of that white vest being the clue and you know it.”
They had deflowered each other in John’s ancient Honda parked behind the deserted warehouses near Pump Wood and although it hadn’t been altogether fantastic, it had been rather nice, and John knew he would always cherish that memory.
But there was no need to rush things. After a few dances they decided to get some drinks and this time, he went for a vodka tonic instead of a beer. As of yet, the alcohol had almost no effect on him and he felt he needed to speed things up a little. He and Tonya were having fun, but he wasn’t completely in the mood for a tumble in the sheets yet, and getting smashed was a sure way to change that. Mike would not be happy but he would surely understand if John explained it to him later.
Sherlock clearly didn’t believe him, and he threw his arms up in the air and then threw himself back onto his bed to curl into himself and pout. He was clearly upset with everyone present and he was getting more and more frustrated.
“Are you serious?” John stared at Sherlock with an open mouth. “You were nearly raped, for God’s sake, you cannot pretend that’s nothing!”
“I had to, Greg. You know he hates hospitals and in the state he’s in…. I’d rather he feels comfortable and is surrounded by people he knows.”
“I’m in detention. They …. They want to charge me with murder.”
On second thought, what he really wanted to try was sex with an Omega. He had heard lots of stories about incredible multiple orgasms. About how sharing a heat with an Omega would result in amazing, mind-blowing sex, with the participants ending up spending days in bed, tied together by a knot more often than not.
John’s eyes widened a little until he saw the playful smirk around Sherlock’s mouth.
“Let’s watch some telly, shall we?” he suggested and before Sherlock could answer, he switched the telly on to some daily telenovela. Sherlock sighed dramatically but his eyes were drawn to the screen nevertheless and John breathed a sigh of relief that his friend would be occupied until the doctor would turn up.
“How?” John asked, now feeling irritated himself. “We haven’t met before, have we? I haven’t told you anything as far as I know..” He wondered if one of his friends had blabbered about him to Scott. But he dismissed that idea quickly. They would have told him about meeting someone uncommon like Scott and the way Scott reacted to people didn’t suggest him talking to John’s friends as a likely possibility.
He broke the kiss then, as they were in no shape for any serious necking right now. Which led to John staring at Sherlock and Sherlock staring at John.
“All hearts are broken. All lives end. Caring is not an advantage, Sherlock.”
They looked at each other for a few seconds, trying to gauge the other man’s thoughts. After a moment, Sherlock’s lips curled into a tight smile. “Alright, suit yourself. Goodnight John.”
John was speechless. The great, cocky master detective was thankful. He was sorry and he was thankful. He felt really touched and he was at a loss at what to say.
He wished Redbeard were here with him. The only one he hadn’t disappointed or failed. A true friend, one that had been happy and thankful just for existing.
“You cannot be serious!” John was shocked. “How had he not known about all this? Here he was, a privileged Alpha male, studying medicine, going about his life like he wanted, with all the freedom and carelessness possible. How could he not have known that there were so many individuals out there that didn’t even own the right to open a bank account in their own name?
He took a step towards the couch, leaned forward, and asked again, this time a little louder. “Sherlock?”
He thought of the way Sherlock had clung to him when he had found him lying there on the grass in St. Edward’s park. Sherlock had been in a bad way, panicked, drugged, afraid … and he had called for John, he had looked to him for help. It had been the same when John had found him after the second assault.
///////
“Sherlock, “he said quietly, pulling himself out of his reverie. “Sherlock wake up, please.” He softly gave Sherlock’s shoulder a shake. No reaction.
Comments and kudos are very much appreciated ❤️ Thanks to everybody reading this story
He fiddled with Greg’s empty teacup.
John grabbed his pen and concentrated on the lecture, refusing to look at the boy in front of him, although being painfully aware of his presence. The anger boiling in his stomach had receded to something more akin to resentment, but it was still there, gnawing away at his insides. More frustratingly, it was mixed with a lingering dose of doubt. He wondered if Scott had been right to accuse him of being a typical arrogant Alpha. If John’s misstep last week could really have been enough to make Scott believe that he was a bad person.
But later. Now he was a young student, and he wanted to have some fun.
John run off without thinking. Greg thanked the men and ran after John while he quickly called his colleagues to order them to their location.
He texted Tonya too, asking if she wanted to meet up at the party tonight. She immediately texted back, agreeing happily. Truthfully, he wasn’t in the mood for an intimate date, he actually just wanted to have some fun and get laid, if possible. After all that emotional chaos with Scott, he felt pent-up and he needed to vent some of his frustration in some way. But he thought that Tonya was looking for the same thing so he didn’t feel bad about his plans.
“Sherlock, I….when we had that talk two days ago, I didn’t say everything I needed to say. I must admit that I was shocked and hurt to hear you propose that I move out.”
“So I can go home tomorrow?” Sherlock asked eagerly, looking up at him again.
Before Sherlock could try to bundle up more strength to protest the man grabbed him under his arms and pulled him up. As soon as he was standing Sherlock’s knees gave in and he would have fallen again if the other man had not wrapped his arm once again around him to support him. Sherlock didn’t want to be held like this, this intimately as if they were lovers, but of course, he was powerless to do anything about it. His whole body was trembling although he was hot, it felt as if a fire was burning through his veins, as if he had a fever. Still, he shivered, and he couldn’t prevent the low moan escaping his mouth as his mind still fought against this helplessness.
. They wrapped themselves around each other as they teased each other with tongues,  lips and a bit of teeth, but John was careful not to let it go too far.
“Not too bad.”
A low groan escaped his mouth as Sherlock’s shocked face appeared in front of his inner eye, the hurt at John’s words open in those green-blue eyes brimming with tears. Just the simple memory of it caused a twisted ache in his chest that was almost unbearable.
“You must know, I’m always concerned about the well-being of my students. Trust me, I know what it is like, constantly being under pressure to receive good grades, having people expect so much of you, the social pressure added on top of all that...it’s quite tough. I remember it very well, I was one of you after all, even if it was quite some time ago.”
In the middle of the warehouse lay the body of a man on his back, with a hole in his forehead and a puddle of blood around his head – he had been shot, apparently. His face was frozen in an expression of naked terror and it chilled John to the bone. He would never get used to the sight of dead people, no matter how many he’d seen.
His eyes twinkled mischievously when Sherlock kept gaping at him. “Don’t worry. I won’t mention it to anyone. Come on now, before I change my mind.”
John threw his hands up in the air and promptly stomped out of the living room. He stopped outside of the bathroom and leaned his arms against the wall, with his head hung down. He closed his eyes and took a deep breath. He was so angry, his throat felt blocked up, his hands trembling where they were clenched into fists as he pushed himself off the wall. He wanted to hit something he was so angry.
“Yeah, it most definitely is, “she murmured, sounding sad again.
Finally, a new chapter. I've so little time (and energy) to write at the moment :(
Sherlock had to push against a seemingly endless count of bodies in order to find his way to the bar counter. He was getting a little annoyed at all the dumb people who ignored his polite requests to step aside and, in turn, used his elbows more frequently in order to reach his destination. He was a little unnerved already, the heat and the volume had started getting to him an hour ago. He felt like it was getting more difficult to breathe and he was grateful for the chance to maybe step outside for a bit of fresh air before getting his friends more beer.
“It’s just as well, “Sherlock remarked with a simple shrug of his shoulder. “It seems the distraction is doing wonders for your diet, you finally seem to be losing weight. Congratulations.”
It suddenly occurred to him how ridiculous he had been. He hadn’t even considered bedding another man. Being a natural with girls, John knew he would not ever have trouble finding a pretty female to get intimate with, but now he realized there were other options he ought to consider.
“Right.” John looked at him fondly, then he laid himself down onto his back next to Sherlock and he held up his arm in open invitation. He still looked quite nervous, as if still waiting for Sherlock to change his mind.
He turned in surprise and saw a young sturdy man with short blonde hair look at him from the kitchen. John raised an eyebrow and the man beckoned him to join him with a silent wave of his hand. With one quick look back to Sherlock – he still hadn’t moved – John went over to the kitchen and quietly sat down at the chair, opposite of the young stranger who was eyeing him curiously.
He was on the verge of unconsciousness again when he was suddenly dropped onto the ground. It felt different … why?
“It’s always the same with you! You just can’t resist it, can you? You always have to do that, keep poking at them, angering them, when you know it just makes them snap.”
But before he could continue hurling accusations at himself internally, the door opened, and a young police officer in civilian clothes entered. John realized at once he knew him.
“Sherlock.”
Fifteen Minutes.
He thought of them at Buckingham Palace, sitting on a couch, more or less clothed, laughing at Mycroft’s expense.
He lay there on the grass, barely conscious, and realized slowly that there was almost no light around them. No sounds, no soul in sight. Not that he could see a lot. His tired eyes were failing him and there were black spots in his vision.
“Dr. Watson, “Mycroft nodded at him politely and John stepped aside to let them in.
“You know how close to the truth that is, “John replied, and Greg looked apologetic as he nodded. “Sorry, mate. They’ll be fine, I’m sure. Sherlock is strong. He’ll be alright.”
Which is why he was extremely irritated by one certain John Watson.
He was glad that they had not parted in dispute. If they had he knew he would have been unable to sleep all night, driving himself mad with guilt and anguish over how he had made Sherlock feel. He knew that his friend was still hurt by his words, but he had at least somehow accepted John’s apology and conveyed to him, that the two of them were okay.
I will, however, not continue writing this immediately. There are so many other ideas for stories in my brain begging for attention, which unfortunately means that this is going on a break. Maybe I'll consider continuing this earlier than I planned, but I cannot promise anything. Don't forget to subscribe to the series so that you won't miss an update whenever it will come..
Surprised, Sherlock looked at him. “What do you think? I need to pee.”
He really should have gotten used to it by now.
Slowly, he scooted closer and he raised a hand over Sherlock’s head where it hovered in the air, hesitatingly. Sherlock didn’t seem to notice him.
“There you go, “John said, as he finally sat down and poured the tea into Sherlock’s cup. Sherlock seemed entranced by the pouring and John tried to focus on what he was doing instead of outright staring at the dazzling creature right in front of him.
“Well, “John snapped, “no, he didn’t
John’s eyes searched his anxiously as he took a deep breath and finally said, “You’ve been drugged.”
So, we're not quite through with the 'hurt' part of the story yet....:)
The door opened hesitantly, and Sherlock peeked his head around the corner. “John?” When he saw John waiting for him sitting on his bed he stepped inside and stood there, looking a little bashful.
Mycroft, as ever slightly losing his poise when confronted with Sherlock’s fierce landlady, did his best to scowl at her. “The doctors released him, Mrs. Hudson, I’m sure they wouldn’t have done that had it not been alright.”
“Hey, Sherlock, you okay?” he asked quietly.
The pressure was too much, and he couldn’t breathe.
He was over at Sherlock’s side on the couch in a second, clutching both his hands between his own without thinking. “Sherlock, what’s wrong? Are you okay? Are you hurting? Have I said something wrong? Please, just tell me!”
He turned to Ben once again.
A warm, tingly feeling filled the pit of his stomach as he studied Sherlock while he was pouting.
John took a deep breath and gently disentangled himself from the other man. Sherlock shifted onto his backside and watched nervously, as John sat in front of him, pulling his thin hands into his lap where he held and stroked them. He fixed Sherlock with a solemn look and finally spoke again.
Mycroft smiled at him, a sarcastic, challenging smile. “Yes, why not, pray tell?”
“Thanks, Greg, “John said with a smile, “for looking out for us. I’ll do just that as soon as he’s settled.”
The sound of quiet snoring pulled him out of his monologue. He blinked and looked at Sherlock, shocked when he saw the other man had fallen asleep. He stared at him for a moment then he chuckled at himself.
For a moment, Mycroft froze at the door and John grinned as he watched Sherlock shift to his knees in excitement, a triumphant look on his face, aware he had struck a nerve.
He went completely stiff beneath him and John could almost taste the fear radiating off of him, see the panic rising within him before the choked sob left his throat.
He guarded Sherlock’s sleep for a long time. When Sherlock began to fidget again, he took the cloth off his skin and refreshed it with more water. A quick check of the temperature told him that the fever had barely dropped. He sighed although he had already anticipated that this would not be over that quickly. The fever had been kept in check when it had been first inflicted, it had only been very light. But after that second assault, different bacteria would have settled within the laceration, making it difficult for the antibiotics to fight the various heterogeneous attacks. The fever was raging in earnest now and it would not be easy to get it down.
No reaction.
“Sherlock, I …. I need to tell you something. I should have told you earlier, but I was just too much of a coward. Please, love, look at me.”
“Yeah, I know, I’m pathetic, “John murmured, as he dropped his gaze and started packing up his things.
“Alright, “he said slowly, hesitatingly.
Greg appeared with a generous breakfast of omelet, bacon and eggs, and scones with strawberry jam. He didn’t say anything as he handed John the tray, but his raised eyebrows and slight smirk around his upturned lips said everything.
Choosing randomly, he opened a door.
“Okay, you’re right.” John made quick work of checking his friend’s vitals. The slightly elevated temperature was still a concern and he really hoped the result of the swab from the shoulder bite came back quickly so they could change to another antibiotic, a more suited one. The bite mark on the shoulder didn’t look too good right now but he couldn’t really tell yet if it was infected. He suspected so though. Sherlock’s other vitals were good, which was at least something. He gave him a glass of water to drink as well as another dosage of the antibiotics.
They would do this.
It seemed to help his friend calm down as his face relaxed underneath John’s careful touches and after a few minutes, Sherlock was sound asleep again, for once breathing peacefully. John found himself staring at the face of the man across from him, deathly still and pale, a shine of sweat at his hairline, unruly curls falling down into his face from the sides.
Greg looked at him with a worried face before John got into the ambulance after Sherlock on the stretcher. “You know that technically, I’d have to arrest you, right?” he asked.
“Looks quite alright to me, Sherlock.”
John chuckled, amazed at his friend’s forgetfulness. “I was with Molly, you saw us going out didn’t you?”
When he expectedly didn’t get any answers he grimaced in overplayed disappointment and started to pace in front of the class again.
“The doorbell’s in the fridge, “Sherlock explained casually, as his eyes flickered once to John. “It’s been there for weeks, didn’t you know?”
Something inside him loosened and his face fell as he realized the truth behind John’s words. He tried to tell himself that he was being sentimental, that he mustn’t allow the words to get to him, but he already knew that it was useless now.
John grimaced at the thought of older Alphas getting involved with teenager Omegas. “That sounds...dubious.”
“I observed. Simple as that.”
Something that Sherlock did not understand at all.
“I really mean. it. I accept your rule. I don’t understand it but I accept that you don’t want to date and that you don’t want to explain yourself. I’m sure you have your reasons. Whatever it is, it’s your decision, and I accept that.”
But he quickly dismissed that thought. He wasn’t really up to Mrs. Hudson’s mindless chattering, he was much too riled up inside.
Then he remembered. Sherlock himself had given him the clue he needed. Something about an escort agency, a prestigious one. On impulse he dived up the stairs, leaving the poor befuddled Mrs. Hudson standing by herself and he grabbed Sherlock’s laptop, still open on the kitchen table, where he scanned through the pages still open and voila, after a few seconds, he did indeed find the webpage of a highly expensive-looking escort service. Unfortunately, there was no legal info, just a black screen with a strawberry on it and a box below asking for a username and a password. He cursed and quickly called Greg, to ask for his assistance. It took a good five minutes of waiting in which he nearly dropped his phone because of his nervousness – when he finally got the address he needed.
No, he
“It’s a pity I have to kill you now, “she said as she stood in front of him again. “It’s such a waste. The extraordinary mind. The outstanding cleverness, wits, and charm. The …. surprisingly nice body.”
“It seems I must test the waters a little, examine what kind of ignorance I am up against.”
Sherlock’s eyes fluttered open again. “J-John?” He seemed very disorientated, his pupils blown wide and John was pretty sure he had a concussion from the blood seeping down from his hairline and the heavy lump he could feel on his head.
“You know it’s not that easy.”
Feeling a bit nervous about taking a shower in his still somewhat compromised state, he slowly undressed and started the shower. He climbed inside and positioned himself under the hard stream of water on slightly wobbly legs. But the second the water hit his weary skin, he felt better. Every cell in his body seemed to awaken, perking up as the warm water streamed down his arms, chest, and legs, re-charging him with the energy he had sorely missed.
He looked at Sherlock again and was met with a piercing gaze of blue-green glimmering eyes. Almost indiscernibly, Sherlock tilted his head to the right, his eyes flicking downwards. For a moment, John had no idea what he wanted to tell him.
He cupped Sherlock’s face and tilted it upwards, frowning when Sherlock didn’t react, his head lolling to the side in John’s hand, eyes closed.
“You’re the one cutting up people so that they’re hardly even recognizable and have to be ID’ed by their teeth and yet you call us “sick in the head”. Makes me wonder how sane you are.” Sherlock was smirking his special ‘high-functioning sociopath’ smile and John bit his lip to avoid laughing out loud.
“Sherlock, “he said, and he cleared his voice, “please don’t act as if nothing unusual happened yesterday. This isn’t just one of your cases you have to solve. This is not something you can just brush aside. You were drugged and taken away against your will. You were sexually assaulted and …”
A huge grin crept up John’s face at last. “I guess I owe Mycroft a gift basket.”
“The candy wrappers, John, “Sherlock had mumbled excitedly on the fourth day. “They weren't allowed any sweets, that’s why they always leave them behind on the bodies, it’s out of spite!”
At long last the taxi stopped, and John jumped out, after nearly throwing the money at the driver in his hastiness.
“Yes, it seems so.” Sherlock’s voice sounded very low and tired, he was looking as if he was already half asleep.
Magnussen’s smile could almost be called creepy as his lips twitched and his hand went to his face, stroking over his salt-and-pepper beard as if to cover his smile behind his hand.
“Maybe not yet you don’t. But give It a little more time and you’ll love what I’m going to do to you. Now, come on.”
“What?” he asked, exasperated. “What do you want, Scott?”
He had been angry at the gay couple in Devon who had insinuated they were a couple too.
“No! I only want to talk. Honestly, I was wishing to meet an Omega for some time now, so that I could talk to them. But I don’t know anyone and there are so few Omegas on campus, I never met one of them.”
“John!”
And John cared. He had cared for him from the very start. That’s why he had followed him and that crazy cab driver to the abandoned college and shot him, saving him from making a very unwise decision which could possibly have resulted in his death.
“Okay, alright, I’ll let it slide for now, “Greg said, rubbing a hand over his face wearily, “just go, we’ll sort it out later.”
Billy studied him, apparently enjoying his reaction, then he leaned back and sighed.
John tried to soothe him by stroking his head.
Sherlock looked back up at the same time that John did and they both stared at each other like two deer in the headlights and John almost snorted at the ridiculous image appearing inside his head. But he caught himself in time and he jerked his head towards the kitchen with a little smile on his lips.
Jack just continued to stare at him with obvious fury and confusion on his face, but no word came out of his slightly open mouth.
He resumed CPR. Just when he was reaching twenty, about to give up, Sherlock’s body suddenly twitched underneath him. There was a loud intake of breath as Sherlock lurched forward then to the side as he sputtered and wheezed, small gulps of water pouring out of his mouth. John could have died with gratefulness.
Well, maybe he would get the chance to meet one this term. Like always at the start of a new semester, he would get to know many new people, maybe there would be an Omega among them? They would be bonded of course, not available to him, but he could befriend one anyway, couldn’t he? It didn’t always have to be about sex.
“Deal.”
“I don’t know, ask John, “Greg answered with a sly grin.
Sherlock blinked. “‘s fine.”
His throat began to tighten, and he knew he would have to surface soon to get some oxygen into his lungs.
“Sherlock?”
“Okay, toast then. I’ll eat some toast, will that be enough for you?”
The professor did not smile as he looked at his watch in a demonstrative manner. “It’s precisely 8:15 and class will now be starting. I’m glad to see you’ve all made it here in time. Please be informed that I will not tolerate latecomers.”
“That is quite a lot of time, “John agreed, his worry now increasing by the second.
He cried and to his utter relief, the faceless man disappeared, leaving him alone in a deep and dark nothingness.
“I must admit, I did. You were making strange noises, it sounded as if you were choking. I knew you were in your mind palace and thought you had probably discovered something upsetting. It seemed you were unable to get yourself out, so I thought I help you, lest you damaged yourself. You know that it can get dangerous in there.”
They entered the building reserved for medicine classes and hurried through long, winding corridors, passing several students still lingering outside on the floors, seemingly unconcerned about the classes about to take place.
It had been fifteen minutes since Sherlock had left for the loo. He knew exactly because he had checked his watch every two minutes. What was wrong? Could Sherlock have slipped and fallen in the restroom? Maybe he was sick from the alcohol and was vomiting into the toilet right now?
“Ah, “Sherlock mumbled, and he tried to say more, opened his mouth again to ask for help but found himself unable to form any words, let alone a coherent sentence. His tongue was thick and heavy as well as his jaw.
One of the assistants stepped forward and read from his notes: “Workplace 1: Acell, Billinger, Donelly, Gilroy, Grant, Hill. Workplace 2: Hummel, Jenkins, Jones, Killroy, Maxwell, Miller. Workplace 3: Newton, Novak,  Owen, Park, Sawyer, Stamford. Workplace 4: Tanks, Trevor, Umbridge, Watson, Wilkins, Williams.”
Out of breath, he leaned against the bathroom’s door and turned to look at John. “Do you mind?” he asked sourly. John just nodded and took a step back. With a little effort, Sherlock shuffled into the bathroom and closed the door behind him.
While absently listening to Magnussen carry on about the paper due at the end of the semester, his eyes started to wander around the room. He noticed two large guys sitting slightly more to the left in the row in front of them, both of them probably Alphas. Their heads were stuck together as they whispered to each other, snickering quietly, momentarily unnoticed by Magnussen who was turned towards the other side of the room. John could see one of them pointing at something in front of him: it was a porn magazine, bold red letters announcing ‘Obedient Omega Sluts’ and there was a blur of naked bodies writhing underneath. John rolled his eyes and turned away in disgust. Those were exactly the kind of people he didn’t need to socialise with.
“Yes. I know, “Sherlock said, numbly. He stood up and weakly walked over to the kitchen counter to make himself some tea.
Seeing her cold, dead body in the morgue had been quite a shock. Well, seeing a picture of her cold, dead body, because of course, as a silent partner he couldn’t possibly make an official trip there.
“I don’t want any of these cheap pathetic tea bags!” Sherlock exclaimed indignantly but then John turned his strict gaze at him once more and he deflated visibly, muttering “Earl grey.” John bit his lip to avoid grinning and dropped the tea bag into the hot water. He put the cup on Sherlock’s nightstand as well as the bowl of porridge and the apple. Then he prepared his own breakfast, making some toast with ham and cheese and he slipped back into the bed to eat there with the food in front of him on the nightstand.
Mycroft’s face fell a little. He looked at John quietly as he pondered his words then he said, his voice a tad softer than before: “Yes, of course. My little brother tends to ‘grind my gears’ so to speak. But .... it certainly wasn’t my intention to upset him. I am truly sorry he is so unwell.”
He felt nothing as his eyes scanned the naked porcelain body. The woman’s face was frozen in an expression of unashamed lust, her body arched backwards, her mouth open and her eyes closed: as if she were moaning in the process of experiencing unimaginable physical pleasures. There was nothing here that spoke to him. To him this wasn’t erotic, she simply looked vulgar, also her curves did nothing to him. Speaking of curves….
“Easy, easy there tiger, “the unknown but familiar voice said and the owner of said voice squeezed his shoulder in obvious brotherly affection. “Let’s get you home, eh?”
John’s world collapsed. He just stood there, staring at the scene in front of him, unnoticed by the two men in front of him going at it.
“A little.”
Sherlock’s lips tightened shut and Billy studied him for a moment, daring him to disobey and speak despite the very clear warning.
“John.”
John forced himself to sit still, lest he frightened the other man further away. “I know you don’t want to go, “he said softly as he slowly placed his arms into his lap, opening his palms upwards in a what he hoped calming, peace-offering gesture. “But we need to get you into medical care. Please understand. You need help.”
But he stayed silent, staring at the wall of undefinable colour in front of him.
“What?” John asked, appalled, his voice rising. “Why?”
Mycroft studied him for a moment, his eyes raking over Sherlock’s weary face, his slightly trembling hands holding the teacup, his expression of defeat.
He smiled at his reflection, flashing straight, white teeth. He wasn’t particularly vain but he knew that he was a good-looking Alpha in his prime and the truth was that he enjoyed being one. Although he was somewhat short, his broad chest and shoulders, as well as his well-defined arms certainly made up for that. Having spent a year and a half of training in the army, he was used to hard physical labor, and even after leaving, he spent a lot of time in the gym or running outside to keep fit. Playing rugby regularly of course also helped. His soft blond hair and sun-tanned skin added to his roguish handsomeness and he had been told by a good source that his smile in combination with his bright blue eyes was stunning, apparently able to ‘light up a whole room’.
He smiled again, though it came out quite strained this time. “Mrs. Hudson, I’m not ill, “he said, irritation clear in his voice.
“Why did you do that?” Sherlock blurted out, the impatience within him taking over, as he simply couldn’t contain himself anymore. Having to keep quiet back within the confines of the lab had been hard enough and he had bitten his tongue, forcing his restless legs to calm down as he had waited anxiously for the class to end. He needed to know the reason for John Watson doing what he had done. He needed to know now.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Don’t you dare call him that! He’s not a freak, and he’s not a psychopath!” he yelled, triumphing inwardly when he saw a flicker of fear flash in Dimmock’s eyes as the man retreated from him, even though John was held back by Greg. “He’s a human being, like you and me, in fact, he’s even better than you could ever be, so just shut the fuck up!”
had some time to call me, I sure hope I’m not disturbing you in your
Victor locked eyes with John, his dark brown eyes burning with fury, the heavy scent of gunpowder engulfing them as one Alpha considered what to do and the other patiently waited for his decision. Eventually, Victor snorted.
“Do you … is he …. do you really think he cares about me being here?” John knew he sounded pathetic, but he couldn’t help himself. He desperately needed to know what Sherlock was thinking about his situation and if there was even the slightest possibility Mycroft was telling the truth. He was his only way of getting an answer, the one with access to Sherlock.
So yeah, this is from Sherlock's POV, for the first time ever. I've thought a lot about whether I'd like to tell this story from just John's POV...but since this is a story about Omegas and how they are treated in this world, I think it's vital to get Sherlock's perspective as well. I hope I'm doing him justice.
“I’m sorry, John if I said something wrong. I just thought that….”
Oh, they would pay for that. He would make them bleed. And he wouldn’t delegate this to one of his associates, no.
“No!”
“Not everything I don’t, “Greg replied sharply. “So please humour me, John. I followed you up until that street where we’ve met those two blokes but then I got caught up for a second, calling for Meyers and Cooke and you just took off. We had to figure out where you went and only when we heard you scream did we know where you were. That’s when we ran to you and found you sitting on that guy, beating the bloody shit out of him. When we had to pull you off of him. Are you following me?”
Sherlock threw him an exasperated look. “I don’t pretend anything, John. I simply state the obvious: I cannot change the past, I can only act in the here and now, and what good is it to whine over past things? Nothing, exactly, so we should find out when this bloody drug will be out of my system and get the hell on with more important things. Have you been on the blog, are there new interesting cases?”
“Well, we’ll have to wake him then, because it needs to be done. You know that Dr. Watson, we cannot lose more time.” John looked away as Mycroft’s cold blue eyes pierced through him.
Still staring at Sherlock, the somewhat stupefied smile frozen on his face, John’s heart fluttered in his chest and he swallowed, wondering if Sherlock was aware of the fact that he was nervous. Well, that was a kind of dumb thought to be having, right? Of course, Sherlock knew. He
There was silence on the other end and John sensed another bout of fury creeping up his neck, so he quickly said: “I’ve no time right now. The ambulance is here and they want to take him to the hospital although I want to treat him at home. I have to convince them…”
It would be a while before he would have the old Sherlock back, he guessed.
He turned and left, grabbing Sebastian’s sleeve to pull the reluctant-looking Alpha along.
This was where his inexperience in such matters was a real hindrance to him. What was he supposed to do? Should he act shy or should he say straight out what he wanted? Should he try to initiate intimacy or was he expected to wait for John to make the first move?
“Goodnight Sherlock, “John said with a hesitant smile as Sherlock approached his bedroom. “Sleep well. Please call me if anything’s wrong. I’ll sleep on the sofa.”
Greg left and he was finally alone.
He remembered the way Scott’s eyes had widened first in surprise, then in anger when John had pulled him close, and it stung to think of the rejection, although he completely understood Scott’s reaction. It had really been more than a little presumptuous of him to do that, and he still didn’t know why he had done it. He usually was so in control of himself, but with Scott, it was like he was losing that control. As if Scott triggered some sort of instinct in him that made his inner Alpha take over and forget the general etiquette when it came to courting.
She then took off the bandage from Sherlock’s shoulder who could not bite back a pained hiss as she did it. The wound looked ghastly and John cursed inwardly. It looked infected and he really needed to analyse it more so he could choose the right antibiotics. She took a few pictures from that wound as well.
“But that’s just it, John,” Sherlock said, his voice barely above a whisper. “I feel the same thing.”
Magnussen started talking so John had no choice but to keep quiet. The feeling of nausea from before returned with a vengeance. It was even worse now, and he pressed the back of his right hand to his mouth, as he tried to process what just had happened. His mind was already rapidly going over every word that had been exchanged between them, trying to pinpoint where or when it had gone wrong and it was only when he was gently nudged in the side by a regretful-looking Mike that he realized he had not been paying attention to the lecture at all and that Magnussen had already started asking students questions from the textbook. He tried to push Scott out of his thoughts which proved difficult when the bloke was sitting right in front of him with his stupid gorgeous hair and his beautiful long neck so he forced his gaze away, following Magnussen’s movements through the room.
“Yes, of course, “he said, and he cleared his throat. It seemed he was a little hoarse. “Someone had to watch over his vitals, check his pulse and breathing, make sure he was okay. He was drugged and we don’t really know with what yet so…”
But Sherlock wouldn’t calm down and fresh tears flowed from his eyes as he tried to shield himself from being touched.
Opening the safe turned out to be disappointingly easy on the other hand. Apparently, it had been opened so frequently that he was able to pinpoint the combination just by looking at the worn-out tiny pressure keys. As he had suspected there was an impressive pile of documents within the safe, so he cautiously gathered it into his gloved hands, closed the door, and ducked behind the desk. He needed to scan through these documents, collect anything that might be important, and he had to do it quickly.
She went back to her friends and he turned back to Greg and James, engaging in some friendly banter with them. They seemed as keen on having fun tonight as he, as they were already checking out the people in the room for potential bedmates for this evening.
“You’re right, “John said, blinking. Without another word he turned back to his friend who was still fighting consciousness, groaning in discomfort.
He opened the door and found himself stepping right into John’s face.
“Sherlock, it’s me.”
John’s eyes nearly fell out of his face. “Are you nuts? You have a nasty concussion in addition to your infected shoulder wound. You’re getting into that hospital gown right now, Sherlock!”
“Sherlock? What are you doing?”
As soon as they were gone, John turned to Scott. The Beta had a strange expression on his face, one that he wasn’t able to read.
“Do you need anything?” he asked awkwardly.
“Nonsense, “Mike said firmly, “you just have a little crush that’s gone wrong. Don’t beat yourself up about it.”
“But….” Scott seemed at a loss at what to say and John couldn’t blame him.
He pulled away from Sherlock, sitting up on the bed and Sherlock had to restrain himself from chasing after him, grabbing John’s arm to pull him back against his body because he was already missing his steadying presence. At the last second, he stopped himself, frowning at his silliness.
“Sherlock?”
Happy New Year everyone! 😊
(See the end of the chapter for
Sherlock smiled unconsciously at the thought of his best friend. The grumpy little army doctor could be a real piece of work with his unnecessary overprotectiveness. He wanted to strangle him for forcing him to step down and solve crimes from home instead of doing the real thing. But he knew John did it because he cared for him and although Sherlock had trouble admitting it to himself, he was thankful. Nobody had ever put so much effort into trying to keep him safe. Until John had shown up.
Sherlock felt anger rising within him. What was this man’s problem? Why couldn’t he just stand outside for a minute and catch a whiff of fresh air without being disturbed by some random arsehole?
Hush, hush, time tae be sleepin
“Do you really believe that?” John was hesitant.
It had started the day after the first assault when Sherlock had declared that he wanted John to find them a fresh case, that the assault didn’t mean anything because ultimately it hadn’t been rape and that he absolutely wasn’t interested in getting a rape kit done. To his surprise, John had lost it then, had yelled at him and called him an idiot for the first time of many. Unfortunately, his stupid transport had collapsed right then, undermining John’s theory that he needed rest and time to recuperate. It was stupid, really. The Rohypnol had still been in his system, that was all. It didn’t mean anything just like the panic attack in his bedroom earlier hadn’t meant anything. His transport was prone to some sort of physical reaction after all the stress, unfortunately, he couldn’t help that, but that didn’t mean that he needed anything else than to forget. John couldn’t see that.
Susanna’s father had tried to get to them the legal way, trying to get Watson charged with murder, and he had failed spectacularly. It seemed that Holmes and Watson had some high-level ties that made it possible for them to escape their just punishment.
“24 hours?” he repeated incredulously. “No, I cannot stay that long! I have to get back home, I need to take care of Sherlock!”
Greg simply smiled, his weary eyes full of understanding. “You’re welcome. And now eat up, you need your strength for the next few hours to come.”
“Oh, it’s obvious isn’t it?” Sherlock asked, consternated. When no one said anything, he sighed in frustration. “Well, he knew something he wasn’t supposed to, a secret the killer didn’t want exposing and that’s why he was killed. It could be that he was killed by that woman with the lipstick, but maybe not.”
Sherlock looked up from his lower position on their table – his head felt really heavy - and saw Greg leaning forward to look at him with a twinkle in his eye, but also a curious face as if he was looking at a peculiar species at the zoo instead of simply a drunk man.
“What changes in serum enzyme levels are indicative of acute hepatocellular injury?” he asked, in an almost gentle, soothing voice.
“That’s good, love, keep still for me, “John whispered as he gently stroked through Sherlock’s sweaty curls. “Just a few seconds more, alright?”
The girls liked him too, but that had never been an issue for John. He had always liked being the target of their attention and he sometimes engaged in harmless flirting with random girls. He had known that Mary didn’t mind, she probably had done the same. But they both had taken their exclusiveness seriously and John had never gone astray, had never bedded another girl even if there had been many offers.
“Can you at least tell me how long it’s going to take?” John asked impatiently, glancing at Greg from the passenger’s seat from the police car they were in.
Magnussen’s lips tightened again. “In my opinion it does, Mr. Williams. Who knows what kind of influence his Omega has on him?”
“Where is he now? Can I see him?” He knew he was not exactly presenting the proper image of the cool-headed professional doctor right now, but he couldn’t help it. He was worried about his friend, let the doctor think what he wanted.
Sherlock’s eyes fluttered shut and John shook him, worry spiking up again. “Sherlock?”
John bit his lip as he watched the rise and fall of Sherlock’s body, now facing away from him after tossing and turning for a while.
And Greg whom he had rung as soon as he had told the driver the address. He didn’t exactly know the situation he was getting into and it was always good to have a backup. He had his gun with him because you never knew with Sherlock but having Greg with him was even better. He was driving here at the same time that John was, in his own car and they would meet at the agency.
“Come on, mates, we don’t have all night, “Billy Dickson said impatiently and he nudged Sherlock’s side with his gun. “Or do you maybe want me to cut you up, slice you up real good, carve a few nice things into your skin? Would you like that?” He leaned forward into Sherlock’s space with a salacious grin on his lips and Sherlock leaned back in obvious disgust.
Scott abruptly stopped scribbling on his notebook and John could see his whole body tensing up. His thin elegant hand holding a fountain pen hovered over the paper for a whole second, then he huffed and continued writing.
He walked over to the couch with two cups of tea and handed Mycroft one of them. He sat down on the couch again and sipped at his tea, cautious not to burn himself. Mycroft sat down in front of him with a wary expression on his face. He also sipped at his tea, then he cleared his throat.
Sherlock glanced at him, insecurity flitting across his face as he bit his bottom lip and looked back down again. He looked to the side for a few seconds, then back up again, directly at John.
John had taken care of him like the very good friend that he was. Sherlock was still incredibly grateful that John had saved him from being attacked – twice – because he didn’t know how he would have dealt with the outcome of the first attack and he knew he wouldn’t have survived the one from the second had John not interceded. He owed John his life, that was a fact.
Maybe he had managed to loosen his own bounds as well. That would be good because if he hadn’t, John would be on his own in a fight against two armed men. Or not. Sherlock was quite the capable fighter and could probably hold his own even with his hands bound behind his back. There were still the guns to consider though.
“You insufferable control freak, I’ve never asked you to do this! Just leave me alone, will you? I just want some peace and quiet, dammit!”
“Yeah, “the other Dickson said, looking between Sherlock and John, an expression of horrified disgust on his haggard face. “You’re probably right.”
Soon tae be shipped owre the ocean
Sherlock who was still battling his first toast but was slowly getting there, only glared at him once more but stayed silent.
Suddenly he was in the restaurant with John, that very first night.
“Why did I do what?” the Alpha asked, his voice nonchalant.
“Well, you thought wrong!”
He would twist his fingers into those soft, chocolate-coloured curls and yank his head back to expose that sinful pale long throat. He would then lick a trail down that beautiful quivering flesh down to the collar of his shirt, (yes that purple one), that he would rip off his body which would cause Sherlock to moan in anticipation, writhing against him in shameless invitation, helpless little pants leaving his parted plush lips, as he allowed John to run his hands down his half-naked body, disappearing into the alluring vee between his legs. His legs would fall open then, as he surrendered himself completely to John who would reach out to open the buttons of those tight trousers, they would fall to the ground and then he would   ….
As she raised an eyebrow at him skeptically, he hastened to explain Sherlock’s status to her: “He’s been drugged, probably with flunitrazepam, possibly Rohypnol. His heart rate is rather elevated. I think his blood pressure is a bit on the lower end and he’s on the verge of unconsciousness. He’s hot, and he is sweating. There’s a bite mark on his shoulder which needs tending to.”
“As you can see, “Magnussen said as he made a circle around all three images with his laser pointer, “what you can see here are three human larynxes. All three of these have been exposed to hydrochloric acid. Would anyone care to point out the difference between these three images? Yes, Mr. Trevor?”
“No buts, Sherlock. I am your doctor and I’m telling you to go to sleep. I’ve just checked your temperature. That’s what probably woke you up, I’m sorry about that. But I needed to know.”
“Of course, “John answered, and Mycroft smiled, this time thankfully and honestly. It made him seem unexpectedly … human and John felt a surge of sympathy for the other man. He too, like him, only wanted to take care of Sherlock because he cared for him, in his very own way. The emotionless older brother thing was just a façade, underneath it was concern and affection for Sherlock, John saw it clearly now.
John let out a shaky breath as he stood over his sleeping friend and he ran a hand over his mouth, feeling quite tired himself. What had happened just now? What had he done? He couldn’t yell at Sherlock like that not even if he behaved like a stupid git. He knew how he was, and he simply couldn’t allow himself to be triggered like that. God, he should be ashamed of himself.
Sherlock’s words were nothing more than a whisper now and John’s heart was breaking when he still heard the desperation in those two words. Sherlock was slowly slipping away, and he needed to make a decision. Now.
“Much better.”
Also, I'd probably like to write a sequel to this in which new aspects to this story will be explored, so this part is going to end pretty soon.
“No!” Sherlock said while John said “Yes!” at the same time.
There he was, in the lab, meeting John for the first time. Oh, what a glorious day that had been, meeting the man that would become his best friend. Although, at that time he hadn’t seen all the potential in John Hamish Watson. He had seen so much, Afghanistan, psychosomatic limb, alcoholic sibling (
Further feedback is still very much appreciated. ❤️
But just as he was about to press the call button after dialling 999, he stopped himself. Sherlock had begged him not to admit him to the hospital again. Thoughts of Sherlock having a panic attack at the sight of paramedics entered his mind. Images of Sherlock in a hospital bed, crying and lashing out in frustration or even fear, maybe even having to be restrained to the bed, appeared before his inner eye, and his fingers shifted away from his phone.
“I’m afraid not, Sir,” came the cool reply.
“Sherlock! There you are!” He heard Greg shout and he felt a pull at his arm, indicating he should sit down.
“Consider yourself lucky for having such a capable doctor at your side, Sherlock. And such a good friend as well.”
(See the end of the chapter for
He stumbled. His hand shot out and found a door frame which le leaned thankfully against. He really needed to get out, he was losing it. The walls were starting to tremble again, and he knew he had to reach the entrance quickly to avoid damage to his mind.
He took a deep breath and looked at the information in front of him once more.
“Yes?”
“Well, he’s alright, I guess. He slept through the night and he’s still sleeping rather soundly, hasn’t stirred once. I’ve cleaned and dressed his wounds and his heart rate and breathing are almost normal since five in the morning. He has stopped sweating so much by then, finally, but I’m afraid his temperature is up a little. Not too worrisome, 38.1, doesn’t have to mean anything really. However, I gave him some antibiotics to be sure.”
“Look, “John said quickly, “as I said, I’m a doctor and I have some experience with these kinds of things. I’ll closely monitor him, and I’ll drive him to the hospital at once should his symptoms deteriorate. He’ll probably fall asleep soon, the drug’s been in his system for at least forty minutes now. I will take care of the bite wound at home, I have everything I need for it.”
Even he, John Watson, who had been allowed quite a few glimpses into Sherlock’s humanity over the last few years, had never known the full extent of his best friend’s fragility.
“Sherlock, “John called after him, unable to let his friend leave like this. “I’m sorry, please, I didn’t want to throw this on you like this, I’m sorry, I was too forward.”
“Don’t.”
“You had a panic attack in your bedroom a little while ago, do you remember?” John growled, “do you want to pretend that didn’t happen, too?”
“Sherlock! Are you alright?” John’s hands shot out at once to grab Sherlock by his thin arms to steady him. Sherlock stared at John’s hands around his arms from his position on the floor, then at him, his lips slightly parted in shock.
As he slowly got out of bed, careful not to wake Sherlock up – technically, he didn’t have to bother because Sherlock still wasn’t stirring – he slipped into the bathroom to wash the blood away from his hands. He had to scrub quite a bit because the blood was already encrusted into his skin but eventually most of it was gone. The bruises on his knuckles would stay with him for a while though, to remind him of the night that had turned composed, gentle John Watson into a raging, screaming madman.
“Why?” Scott eventually asked, big blue eyes -
“You killed a woman. It’s not a small matter. I’m sorry but I have to insist that you come with me after this visit.”
And who knew what Sherlock wanted to talk to him about? Because Sherlock had tried to start a conversation a couple of times now, which proved that he had something important to say as well. But John had always stopped him, mostly because Sherlock had still been weak and needed to rest more.
John nodded and they both pulled out their guns and entered the building.
John didn’t know what tomorrow would bring. He didn’t know if they wouldn’t be facing further troubles come tomorrow. But right this moment, he didn’t care. He had Sherlock Holmes in his arms.
“You don’t know what I was going to say!” he protested, staring at the back of Scott’s head.
“Hey. Hey, “he said as he clasped Sherlock’s hands into his, trying to get him to stop thrashing about. “It’s okay, Sherlock, it’s just me. We’re home, in your bedroom, just you and me. Calm down!”
“God, you’re burning up.”
John’s heart nearly jumped out of his chest as he slowly made his way towards the bushes.
For a moment, John was speechless, and Sherlock seemed to mistake his silence for confirmation of his assumption because he winced slightly and curled into himself. As if he wanted to make himself smaller. Dazed, John shook his head.
John shook his head, but he wasn’t exactly angry. He and Sherlock had been perceived as a couple so many times now he was almost used to it.
Sorry, I hope that was readable. I've never written such a dialogue-heavy chapter before...Please let me know what you think!
Magnussen continued to question other students, occasionally throwing someone out, other times praising someone for giving the correct answer. One of the boastful Alphas John had noticed before, the one with the unruly blond hair, answered a particularly hard question and Magnussen nodded his head in what seemed genuine appreciation.
John let out a deep breath and swallowed heavily. Okay, he had been right, there was something wrong. He looked at Greg and knew from his face that he was thinking the same thing.
“I’d like to get to know you, “he finally said, getting directly to the point.
For one split second, John could only gape at the empty space where Sherlock had just sat a second ago, the horrible sound of the splash of water still ringing in his ears.
Because Sherlock was an extremely clever and intelligent man: he could solve the hardest puzzles, defeat renowned professors and Nobel Prize-winning scientists in academic debates, but this was where he had reached his limit: he was utterly inexperienced when it came to human relationships, especially the intimate ones, the ones that involved love.
Sherlock didn’t and John tried to push down the panic rising within him.
“Oh.” Sherlock cursed himself inwardly for inadvertently displaying such vulnerability out in the open, especially in front of his power-hungry Professor: he would certainly enjoy seeing him, the student that had dared challenge him in class, like this.
“Ahh, dammit!” John yelled suddenly, causing Greg to flinch in surprise. “How could this have happened? God, why does this always happen to him?”
“Let me talk to the chief paramedic, “came the calm reply.
He needed to know how Sherlock was. He needed to know he was alright. Right now.
He spent Sunday afternoon trying to prepare for Magnussen’s class, knowing they would be tested as Magnussen had promised. He needed to be prepared, but instead of focussing on his textbook, he found himself thinking of Scott again and how he could apologize to him. After a whole two hours of fussing over the right words, he pounced on Mike, begging him to ask him some mock questions for the class, so that he would stop going crazy over the whole Scott issue. Mike drilled him strictly, making it impossible to think about anything else, and when John went to bed that night, he knew that he was well prepared, feeling immensely thankful for his best friend’s help.
But then he frowned as he realized something.
Sherlock sighed heavily and it was obvious it bothered him a lot to talk about this yet again. “I will do that, Greg but I’ll only do it once, so make sure you’ll note down everything with care for I won’t repeat myself. Understood?” His eyes bored into Greg’s who seemed a bit taken aback.
"You’ve just made it.” His friend informed him and then he was out the door, already calling for a cab.
He sat back onto the bed and gently pulled Sherlock back onto his back again. Sherlock didn’t stir at all, completely unconscious now.
“J-John! John, I can’t breathe!”
They did. Before they parted ways, Molly hugged him, the sweet scent of vanilla more noticeable to him in their sudden closeness.
He sighed and sat himself up again. “Yes, Sherlock? What is it?”
John just fumed silently.
John and Mason were on next and he explained everything they had done in a calm and efficient manner. At one point, he caught Victor and Sebastian smirking at each other and he sighed as he stopped his explanations mid-sentence with a sigh.
Sherlock was adrift. Floating between consciousness and oblivion, trapped inside an unfathomable limbus, a wasteland of nothingness, denying him access to his the ability to focus. To his unmitigated irritation, he found himself unable to grasp any coherent thoughts, he couldn’t function like he usually did. Instead, he was forced to make do with whatever bits and pieces of information his barely-lucid brain permitted him to process.
He thought of the way his thoughts had somehow wandered off yesterday. How he had suddenly thought of Sherlock as beautiful….
John’s lips curled into an amused smirk as he shook his head. “No. That you’re most certainly not.”
He didn’t expect a reply at this time of the night, so he put his phone on the bedside table and reclaimed his place beside Sherlock, feeling comforted by his friend’s proximity and familiar scent but also concerned by the warmth radiating from him.
Mycroft nodded slowly, as if he had realized something, then he turned away, pulled out his phone again, and quickly dialled a number.
Sherlock still wasn’t waking up, however, and John’s professionalism gave way to fear.
“Scott Williams.”
“No, Sherlock, “John tapped his cheek frantically, “stay with me, Sherlock, please.”
Sherlock smiled and his eyes fluttered shut. “Nevertheless…. owe you.” And then he was asleep. John looked at his friend as he slept, and his arm moved up automatically to stroke the side of Sherlock’s pale face. “You really are an idiot, Sherlock Holmes, “he whispered and after another gentle squeeze of his friend’s arm, he got up and left the room.
His eyes sparkled and his lips twitched in a sly grin as he watched Sherlock’s frustrated expression and his annoyed sigh, his lips shaping into his typical pout.
As always, thanks for reading, let me know what you think :)
“I’m only allowing this because I think some fresh air and distraction will do you some good, “John continued, fully aware of his mother-henning, “but you still need to take it easy, no running around, and especially no chasing after criminals, alright?”
Like Victor and Sebastian. They at least were straight in their behaviour towards him. They made it clear they only saw him as an object. But this John Watson had even tried to apologize to him. On top of that, he had self-righteously intervened and pushed himself center stage, claiming to wish to ‘save’ him from the obnoxious Alphas. As if he was any different than them.
“What?!” Scott’s voice rose with anger. “But even if she were never able to breathe on her own again, she is still a human being. She would have been able to live a life, even if it would never have been the same.”
“I forgive you, John.” Sherlock’s words were quiet, and he was looking at him calmly, a little sad but determined.
“But you can’t…”
, he broke through to the surface. He opened his mouth and wheezed as he gasped for air while simultaneously dragging Sherlock’s head up so that he would receive some oxygen too.
Sherlock rolled his eyes. “You’re stating the obvious again.”
“It seems so.” Sherlock shrugged and averted his gaze when Mycroft’s stare pierced into him.
Sherlock’s eyes were impossibly wide and he was breathing faster than he should.
He sighed and just wanted to ask Mike if he knew what today’s subject would be - he would know because he was Mike - when he caught a familiar form standing behind the cafeteria, partially hidden by a couple of large columns and trees. It was Scott, but he was not alone. The two Alphas from Magnussen’s class were there too, standing in front of him, and John could tell from the way Scott held his body that this was not a friendly conversation.
After ten minutes they were done. Greg had taken quite a few pages of notes, hasty in his attempt to catch up with Sherlock’s rapid talking and afterwards silence filled the room, only disturbed by the still-scribbling noise Greg’s pen made on the pages.
Next chapter: back to John's POV.
He looked at Sherlock and thought that he seemed a little overwhelmed by all this information, staring into the room with his eyes glazed over. Maybe it was all getting a bit much for him.
“Of course.”
They made a turn at the end of the floor and found themselves in a sort of huge open space like a cellar. It was empty but they could make out voices from somewhere to the left.
Sherlock was moaning and trying to get that man off of him but was unable to. He was crying.
“Uhm ... so do you want your second tray of food now?” the timid nurse from before asked awkwardly.
He pulled out his phone. As he had suspected there were a few missed phone calls from Mycroft. He made his way out to the hospital’s entrance to make the call. The fresh air helped him relax a little immediately.
“How’s the head?” John asked.
Maybe he was what Donovan and Anderson liked to call him: a freak. Someone who was incapable of having real emotions, one who should be shunned. One who would maybe end up killing another person just for the thrill of it instead of just looking at a dead body.
“Don’t you dare think like that. This is my fault. I was going too fast, I should be the one apologizing.”
“They’re threatening him.”
“Keep it down you two, “the red-faced Beta hissed, glancing around to see if anyone was looking at them. “You’re making a spectacle out of yourselves.”
“So beautiful for me. So hot. I have something nice for you too, baby, “the voice said and that’s when John heard a second voice, a voice he recognized in an instant even if it didn’t sound like it normally would.
“Here, let me help you.”
The auditorium was packed with people, the smell of sweat and alcohol permeating the air, making it harder than usual to catch anyone’s scent. But they were standing quite close to each other in order to be able to hear each other and he found that he couldn’t detect her scent. Weren’t Omegas supposed to stand out with their exceedingly sweet smell, unable to go unnoticed?
A fist pounded harshly on the door.
, here in Baker Street where he is, and help him! Swallow down your pride, for God’s sake - no, for his sake!”
Sherlock rolled his eyes once again. “But I’m not hungry.”
“Alright. If I explain to you how I came to make those deductions, will you let me go?”
Another pause. Then, with a raspy voice, he continued, “and that’s when he bit him. He bit him in the shoulder, Greg, and God, he screamed, it was terrifying. I couldn’t think any more then. I just…reacted. I needed to help Sherlock, get that bloke off him, so I ran to them and threw him off. And yes, apparently, I totally freaked out because I remember beating that bloody piece of shit and you know what, Greg? It felt good. I could have killed him right there and then and that would have been okay for me because of what he’s done to Sherlock!”
Another wave of mind-numbing pain washed over him and his fingers clenched into the mattress, as he tried to hold onto his thoughts. This was important. He needed to focus now. He couldn’t let his stupid transport take control over him, he was stronger than that. Besides, he had already lost so much precious time.
Sherlock sighed and nodded. “Yes. That night…was honestly truly terrifying for me. I lost control over myself. I was scared, John. In a way that I couldn’t think clearly anymore, I wasn’t myself anymore. By losing control, I lost myself and I cannot imagine something more terrible happening to me.”
Another flash. He and Mycroft are standing at the window in the morgue of St. Barts, smoking a rare cigarette together. He had just discovered that Irene Adler was dead, well he had thought so then at least, and he had felt strangely dissatisfied by that. She had challenged him to a cat-and-mouse game that provided him with the thrill he needed to keep going. She had been fun and interesting, and he had felt a little sad at her death. But only that. A little sad. That was okay, but he had asked himself then if he and Mycroft had been wrong all along. He had watched those people sobbing over a lost relative or friend and he knew that most people – normal people – reacted like that when a loved one died. He and Mycroft didn’t.
Apparently, Sherlock was mostly an idiot to John nowadays. He was right, in some respect, naturally. It had been stupid to take the glass of beer back from the stranger at the pub and it had been stupid to provoke the woman with the gun in her hand (although she would have killed him anyway, provoked or not). Especially regarding the first attack, he was extremely embarrassed that he had fallen for that trick as if he were an innocent, naïve young college girl instead of a grown man accustomed to the way criminals thought. He had been bloody ignorant, John was right to yell at him for that.
“It seems you’re in luck, mate. You’re out.”
“Yes, John, I know, “Sherlock interrupted him sharply, his hands still moving rapidly on his keyboard, “yes, I was assaulted. But what should I do now in your opinion? Cry my eyes out about it? What’s done is done. So let’s move on because I’m getting bored already.”
She left and John followed her out to the living room where Mycroft was seated in his chair, staring intently at his phone. He was probably busy with some very important government stuff.
Mycroft raised his eyebrows ever so slightly and John barely managed to stop himself from hurrying over to the two brothers and push himself between them. This wasn’t helping Sherlock’s fragile condition at all. But he knew they would just ignore him, so he stayed put, for now, observing them anxiously.
Sherlock wondered and he wished he had the courage to just ask John. Their conversation from the night before yesterday was certain proof that they had left the frustrating phase of avoided conversations and unspoken words behind them. They were both anxious and nervous, as they tried to work out what the other person was thinking. They both sensed the restlessness and impatience from the other man and both of them seemed ready to finally talk about their feelings, own up to any pent-up emotions previously unmentioned.
Sherlock made a noise that was something of a mixture of a groan and a whine. “Why, John, why are all these people harassing me? I – just – want – to -sleep, for Heaven’s sake!”
He changed the topic. “Would you now reconsider eating something?”
John was still there of course.
Because he always knew.
He remembered John.
Sherlock was trying to say something, but John was in a fit now, rage boiling up inside him suddenly, inexplicably, making him jump off his bed and flail his arms around angrily.
“John.” Sherlock shifted a little closer and fixed him with a curious stare. “I’m extremely grateful that you didn’t call an ambulance. I would have not been able to refuse getting transported to the hospital, you had every right to do call them, and yet you didn’t. Why?”
“I need to check on Sherlock, “he informed Greg, and without waiting for an answer he turned around and started pushing through the crowd.
“Sorry, Greg. I just couldn’t …. What he said about Sherlock…” He waved his hand helplessly into the empty space.
But he still couldn’t avert his gaze. He found himself aching with the need to know more about the guy.
“That’s perfect.”
“Yeah. We just wanted to tell you that the charges against you have officially been dropped, John. The charge of the murder of Mrs. Bendick as well as the charge of grievous bodily harm against Mr. Taylor, it’s all gone. There won’t even be a complaint. You’re completely free.”
Greg still looked as if something were on his mind, something he didn’t voice but before John could ask him what was wrong, Greg was already halfway out the door.
His friend looked at him with obvious relief. “John! Great, you’re here, now you can tell them we’re going home.”
Thinking about that man forcing himself onto him, his shameless hands all over Sherlock’s body, biting into him, kneading his helpless flesh, whispering dirty words into his ear - it almost made Sherlock double over and throw up into the toilet.
The woman on top of him didn’t seem perturbed by his increasing distress. She let her hands wander up and down his chest and throat and she obviously enjoyed the way it made him squirm beneath her.
“I don’t need your false compliments, “John hissed at him and he knew that his scent must have spiked when he heard Mason inhale sharply next to him. “Sorry, “he murmured, quietly, so that only Mason could hear him. He only wished he could wipe off that smug smile from the other Alpha’s faces. His arrogance was unbearable.
Well, he would hardly die because of this. It would be surprising, to say the least.
Helpless anger took over for a moment and he slapped him in the face, hard. “Wake up, you daft git, I said wake up!”
John resisted the urge to brush a curl out of Sherlock’s face. “The paramedics will be here any minute now.” Sherlock actually managed to roll his eyes, but he said nothing. They stayed like that until the paramedics arrived, with Greg hovering in the corner with the handcuffed bodyguard guy and John taking Sherlock’s pulse every few seconds because he needed to do something. The woman had stopped breathing a while ago and her corpse was lying in the middle of the room, her wide dead eyes staring at the ceiling frozen in agony. It was then that John noticed that his hands were red from her blood and that he had smeared it over Sherlock’s face and hair when he had touched him.
and Greg shook his head in answer as his grin simply deepened.
After he had gotten two new vodka tonics he started walking back to the couch where he and Tonya had sat when he saw Greg standing at the side, talking to a few people he didn’t know and he went over to them on a whim.
He closed his eyes and concentrated on just breathing, getting his heart rate down. Sherlock was out of immediate danger and he needed him now, so he had to pull himself together and be there for him.
Sherlock rolled his eyes, but he let himself be led back to his chair and actually ate the toast and yogurt John set in front of him. They even drank another cup of tea together while Sherlock complained about Frederic and his inability to make a decent cup of tea or understand that he wasn’t interested in listening to his ‘juvenile’ war stories. He didn’t mention his almost-panic attack or the way he had completely shut down afterward and John didn’t see sense in addressing the matter now. Besides, he was enjoying the casual conversation they were having, as opposed to the many heated arguments they had engaged in during the past few days. It almost felt like old times to John and from the way he was smiling into his cup, Sherlock was enjoying it too.
Mycroft looked at him with something akin to sadness and it completely rattled Sherlock. He wasn’t used to that look from his older brother, at all. Contempt, ridicule, irritation – those were the things he expected from Mycroft, those were the things he was comfortable with because he knew how to deal with them. Not this. Not this – compassion, or whatever it was.
“What are you…? he blurted out, swallowing rapidly in obvious anger. “Are you - are you actually serious right now? I tried to help you for God’s sake!”
He chuckled as he absently stroked his salt-and-pepper beard, his eyes wandering off as if he was recalling a particular memory from his college years just now. Sherlock was stuck staring at him, unable to get away lest he wanted to appear rude in front of his professor once again.
John, Greg, and Mycroft all stared at Sherlock as if he had gotten completely mad. He never said nice things to his fussy older brother. Never. This was with utmost probability the closest thing to a ‘thank you, brother’ that had ever left the detective’s sharp mouth.
“Please, “he said and something peculiar flashed in Mycroft’s eyes. “I just need a moment’s rest. Then we can talk, alright?”
“John, I …. I couldn’t have gone on without you ...” Sherlock’s voice broke as well. “I ... I could barely bear the thought about you in your cell. Alone. Without comfort or hope. I’m so sorry I made you go through that. You must be so angry with me.”
But John Watson only shook his head, an expression of profound sadness on his face and it took the wind right out of Sherlock’s sails.
He disconnected the call, then threw his phone onto the desk in disgust. Ugh, did he have to do everything by himself?
Greg was right of course. They needed to sneak over there slowly so as not to make themselves known to Sherlock’s attacker and then look out for a good opportunity to overpower them.
“So hot, John, “he croaked as he edged closer to him, angling his lean body towards him. “I- I can’t …. John ….” He was breathing heavily again, shifting anxiously, and John quickly pushed him back against the pillow, stroking his curls reassuringly.
“Sherlock, we need to talk.”
“You bastard!” he screamed as he punched him in the face, hard. By doing so he collapsed on the man and before he processed what he was doing he raised his fist again to throw another punch. And another. And another. He was screaming maybe while punching or maybe he wasn’t.
Billy seemed to have caught their silent communication as he studied them both for a little while longer, after which he lowered the gun. “Oi, so there is some sense left in that funny head of yours, ey? Good thing you’ve listened to your little loverboy here.”
“How is he? What happened?” Mycroft’s voice was cool and steady like always but there was a hint of agitation underneath if John was not mistaken.
“Uhm, so I understand Mycroft has appointed you to look after Sherlock during my absence?” John asked, a little unsure how to begin this conversation.
This was just not his day, it seemed.
John gratefully squeezed his shoulder and nodded. “Yes, Sherlock, I’m here. You collapsed a minute ago, your body needs rest. The sofa is right there next to you, do you think we can get you there?” Sherlock closed his eyes, apparently in pain – he probably had a nasty headache. But he nodded ever so slightly so John laid his arm around his shoulder, the other behind his back, and lifted him up. Sherlock lay heavily on his shoulder, almost completely unable to hold his own weight but John managed to half-drag, half-carry him to the sofa and lay him down there. Sherlock, once in a horizontal position, curled in onto himself at once and closed his eyes again. “S-so tired, John, “he whispered, his words slurring again. “N-need to lay down, a little.” He was asleep within seconds.
John reached down to touch Sherlock’s throat, to check his pulse. He frowned when he discovered it was racing like crazy. He gently cupped his friend’s face and lifted his head to take a look at him.
“You thought I’d be angry at him, didn’t you? You thought I was going to punish him?” Billy was inches away from Sherlock’s face now, the gun pressed into the vulnerable skin of his cheek, and Sherlock frowned slightly, but didn’t say anything.
John grinned back at Sherlock. “There you have it, Sherlock, I’ll get my own food. Now no more excuses, you will eat the food on that tray, Mister.”
Once again, he quickly checked Sherlock’s vitals. Strong but slightly erratic pulse. Slightly elevated breathing. Slightly hot forehead. Normal Pupils. Sherlock eventually stirred when he sensed John’s hand on his face.
Sherlock made a face but shrugged in defeat. “I guess toast would be alright.”
He ran to the end of the floor and slid down the staircase, almost falling in his haste to get down.
“Come on, Sherlock, wake up, “he murmured again before he pressed his lips to Sherlock’s once again.
Oh, that brought forth some uncomfortable thoughts, thoughts that John hat tried to avoid dealing with for quite some time now. Ever since he had met the crazy man sitting in front of him now, full lips curled into a sulky frown, he found himself to be in a permanent state of … excitation. Every day he spent beside Sherlock Holmes – which was almost every day – his whole being, body and soul, was constantly forced into different states of emotions and sensations caused by that man:
After the events of the past few days, he realized that it was time to take stock of their friendship because right now he didn’t know what they were. It was all very confusing, and he desperately longed for clarity.
But apparently, he would never get any answers to these questions. It seemed Mike had been wrong about this: there would be no second chance for him with Scott Williams.
His head lolled forward but she pushed it upwards with the gun in his mouth. His head lolled sideways then, he was barely conscious anymore.
Well, there was one thing …. He could contact a certain someone who had the power and the means to really look for a missing person. But John hesitated, shaking his head as he crossed a road and jogged down another street. No, he would wait for now, he wanted to make sure himself that Sherlock wasn’t in the area then he could still contact Mycroft.
John would have jumped him if Greg had not restrained him at the last second.
“Oh, that’s sweet of you, “she cooed. “It’s really nice of you to worry, but you don’t seem like the type of Alpha that wants to get me into trouble, right?”
They had grown up together, living in the same neighbourhood, and spent their free time in the woods, at the lake, riding their bikes, climbing trees, sneaking out of their homes to go on night walks on the hills. They had sat side by side at school every day and at some point when they were teenagers they had just snuck out at break time to go snog behind the gym. There had been no romantic exchanging of love confessions. It had just happened, simple as that. They had been together from that day on and no one around them had been surprised.
“Stop it, “Scott interrupted him harshly. “Please, just stop it.”
Mrs. Hudson looked from Sherlock to John and back again, clearly intrigued.
“Do you want me to come with you? “John called after him, but Sherlock just waved him off absently without looking back, so John stayed put. He should really stop worrying over Sherlock so much, it was getting ridiculous. Let him go to the restroom by himself, they weren’t some silly teenage girls. He raised his glass at Greg once more and took another sip of his beer.
He sighed wearily and resigned himself to a night without any sleep when steps approached his cell, and someone cleared his voice behind him. He didn’t get up or turned around, just raised his head a little to indicate he was awake.
John sighed. “Alright, fine. I’ll just answer the questions then.”
Sherlock didn’t know. He wasn’t even really a hundred percent sure of John’s feelings, he still needed hard proof for those.
“He says it’s alright, “he said at last, and he had to clear his voice because he was hoarse. “He wishes me good luck.”
Or the time they had taken on a gang of mad Chinese smugglers, even if having been abducted and almost killed next to his now-ex-girlfriend Sarah had been something he could have lived without. Then again, it had been incredibly exciting - forced to look death in the face, fighting for freedom within an inch of his life - it was in moments like these that he felt the most alive. Like a real person.
After studying the pictures for another few minutes, Robert grabbed his phone as he jumped out of his chair, dialling another number.
Suddenly, there was a knock at the door. Or rather a knock at the door frame because Mrs. Hudson hadn’t closed the door behind them. They both looked up in surprise and saw Mycroft Holmes standing there, looking neat in his impeccable suit and tie, as usual, umbrella in his right hand. Greg looked at his watch and nodded in appreciation.
“Yes, of course. His wound seems fine, everything else too, as I said. Only his pulse was a little elevated last time I checked, but apart from that, nothing worth worrying about.”
“Okay, “Greg said as he sat down in the big chair opposite the sofa. “I have to take your statement as well as Sherlock’s. Since he’s still asleep I might as well take your statement now.”
Then he scrambled to the edge of the bed. He had decided he needed to move his body a little bit. John’s hand shot out and grabbed his arm.
“I can only hope you’re right, “John muttered as he half-heartedly pushed his slice of pie to the other side of the plate.
“No.”
And at Sherlock’s confused look at him, he added “We don’t have to drink much, Sherlock. You don’t even have to drink anything with alcohol in it if you don’t want to.”
“Ouw!”
“Well, “Greg said quietly, without looking at John, “I’m not gonna put that last sentence into your statement, I guess.”
“You’re supposed to be a bloody genius but all I see is an idiot who doesn’t know when to shut the fuck up!”
Sherlock raised his eyes for an instant but quickly dropped them again.
“They were two against one!”
“Let’s summarize, class: what are the main differences in Alpha, Beta, and Omega anatomy? Just give me a few keywords.”
What was it about this strange Alpha that fascinated Sherlock in such an intense way? A strange tingly feeling had spread within his stomach, making it hard to focus, and he forced his gaze onto Professor Magnussen, following him closely as he walked around the classroom, questioning and dismissing students one by one. Technically, he could hear him asking questions and his mind effortlessly provided him with the respective correct answers - yet he wasn’t really attendant. Instead, he was still struggling with his fascination with the angry blue-eyed Alpha and he had to practically force himself not to look in his direction again.
Mycroft smiled politely as he accepted the tea with a gracious little bow. “Nonsense, John, “he said matter-of-factly. “You don’t owe me anything. I’d also like to add that Mr. Taylor has been charged with drug-facilitated sexual assault. It has come to our attention that he had been charged with sexual assault before, three times, as a matter of fact, all in the last four years. Unfortunately, he’s never been convicted of those, the victims changed their minds every single time, the charges were dropped. But he’s not going to get away this time. Now, he is out of the hospital - there won’t be any permanent physical damage, by the way - awaiting his trial and the judge has denied bail. He will almost certainly get two to four years of prison.”
“Sit down, Mr. Williams. I’m closing the discussion on this matter.”
But still, he had been blind.
He strode across the room in a hurry and stopped in front of Sherlock whose eyes were glued to the floor, but John could see his fists stretched out at his sides, trembling slightly. They stood in front of each other and only their breathing was audible until Sherlock eventually lifted his head to look at John, his eyes shining with hurt and fear. A pang of guilt hit John in his stomach, twisting like a knife.
Something snapped in John right then and there. Without thinking he pointed his gun at the woman, took a second to aim, then he pulled the trigger.
No words in his life had ever hurt like that. Of course, he didn’t have a best friend like John before that and so there weren’t exactly many comparable situations to relate to. Never had he been attached to a person like that before, so naturally, nobody ever had the power to hurt him like that.
He looked up at them having realised he was rambling a little and saw them staring at him in concern. He had to look quite a mess to them, not having slept all night, with rumpled hair and blood-shot eyes. Maybe he should take the time to shower sometime soon, brush his teeth, too. But only if Sherlock was taken care of.
“W-what? John?” He opened his eyes and looked up at John, confused.
He drenched the cloth in the tepid water and laid it on Sherlock’s forehead, tiny droplets of water dripping down the side of his face. It seemed to help immediately as Sherlock sighed, his body’s frantic movements slowing down as he settled against the pillow behind him.
“Today, we’re going to talk about the various effects of certain toxicants and poisons,” Magnussen said, as he started his PowerPoint. “We’ll take a look at the most common toxicants, but also the lesser-known ones. It’s important that you know all of these I’m going to show you now. Almost all of these are lethal to the human body or at least affect it in a way that it will stay crippled or immobile for the rest of its existence. Let’s start.”
“Can you describe what happened to you, Mr. Holmes, “Mrs. Wilkins asked as she placed her black bag on the nightstand and opened it.
Instead, he tensed, uncertain about how to proceed.
His gaze lowered and focused on the newspaper in front of him.
John was nervous, but he saw that Sherlock was nervous too, and it made him feel a little bit better. As they were eating their lunch, glancing at each other randomly between forkfuls of food, they both knew they were about to have a serious conversation, and it created a kind of nervous tension between them.
They went inside and immediately started to dance, at Tonya’s suggestion. A bubbly pop song was being played and she pulled him close, wrapping her arms around his neck suggestively. They moved to the rhythm of the song and John liked the feeling of her slim, warm body writhing against his, her faint scent of jasmine tickling his nose in a nice way. She was making it very clear that she liked him and he thought that he would have no trouble getting her to invite him to her room later that night.
John sighed and looked Sherlock straight in the face. “Okay, so do you remember that we went out last night? You, me, and Greg Lestrade?” Sherlock nodded.
She put the tray down onto the small table in their room and disappeared to get the second one.
The other man’s eyes shone with open excitement. He licked his lips as he stared at Sherlock’s mouth hungrily. He absently brushed his hand through Sherlock’s curls and tilted his head to the side as if he pondered something. Then he looked at his watch.
He opened his eyes again and quickly sat down beside Sherlock. He lay there with his shirt still open, his legs wrapped in a wool blanket one of the paramedics had covered his trembling naked legs with.
“I’m really not, “John said and he thought he really ought to change tactics if he wanted to turn this conversation into something resembling a friendly exchanging of words any time soon.
His frustration growing with every second he paced the ‘John’ corridor and tried to look at files he didn’t before. But there was nothing new. Only files he had looked at a thousand times, he wouldn’t get any new information here.
“Idiot” he mumbled to himself as he made his way to the counter to order two more glasses of beer for his friends. With the full glasses in his hands, he fought his way through the crowd again and managed to arrive at his table (with still all of the beer in the glasses ) where John and Greg were sitting with their heads stuck together, probably to be able to hear each other.
Maybe it was his way of thanking him, returning his affections so that John would feel appreciated and valued by him?
, John thought,
But the very thought of not being near Sherlock and maybe even never seeing him again, caused John’s stomach to cramp and his heart to flutter nervously in his chest, so he stopped thinking about it. How pathetic would it be if he broke down now, just because his flatmate didn’t care about him being in prison?
He stumbled around, a little lost, not even sure if Greg or the others were behind him anymore. It was dark and he couldn’t see a lot. He didn’t know what to do next. He was completely at a loss with how to proceed and he bit into his fist in frustration.
It was difficult but John managed not to give in to the urgent desire to press Sherlock to his own body into a comforting embrace because he really didn’t need the additional body warmth right now. Instead, he lay down across from him, their bodies turned toward each other and continued to soothingly stroke Sherlock’s head.
His voice sounded hoarse, so he cleared his throat, his eyes dropping down into his lap. An awkward silence settled between them as they both sipped their tea, their knees almost touching but not really.
It was Scott.
“I don’t suppose he has much of a choice, does he? The hospital won’t let him go if he’s not accompanied home by someone. Since you are occupied, I will be the one to do it even if he doesn’t like it. It’s either that or staying here.”
“Hey, that’s alright. If you prefer big Alpha cocks over the average Beta ones, then go for it.”
He was safe now, too, safe on his couch with his annoying older brother around him, so theoretically, he could stay for hours if he wanted to. Still, he needed to find out why his instinct had led him here.
But he had succeeded in making himself known.
Sherlock scowled down at his friend who now made a puppy face at him and he couldn’t suppress the sigh escaping his mouth. He just couldn’t be angry with John.
She screamed in pain as she pulled away from him. The man in the suit stepped forward quickly, but she raised her hand at once. “No! It’s fine.” The man went back to his corner albeit reluctantly.
He didn’t miss people. He didn’t need anyone. He was happy where he was. He wasn’t interested in friendships or heaven forbid, dating. Other people were tedious. They talked too much and they always wanted something from him he wasn’t willing to give. He only offered the absolute minimum of what was expected and that was it. Molly and Greg were nice enough for the occasional cup of tea but that was as far as it got.
He shivered when he thought of the emptiness in her staring, dead eyes which surprised him because, after all these years in business, one should think that he had gotten used to this look.
He nodded to himself. That seemed a good enough deduction. Sherlock really had his share of problems interacting with people. He was often rude and inconsiderate, treating even someone like Greg  - who had often proven himself a good friend - as someone unimportant, someone whose name didn’t merit remembering (though sometimes John thought that Sherlock was just teasing Greg, of course, he knew his name!).
The anger was gone now, and John stumbled a little, as the adrenaline left his body.
Magnussen’s eyebrows shot up. “Very good,“ he said in mock admiration, his voice dripping with condescendence and John’s heart pounded in his chest as he forced himself to keep looking at him. Magnussen’s gaze lingered on him curiously, before his lips curled up in a mocking smile. Then he turned and moved on.
“I forgive you, you know, “John said after they had quieted down. “In fact, I’ve already done that in case you haven’t noticed.”
“Thank you, John.” He turned and saw that Sherlock’s eyes, barely open, were focussed on him. “Thank you for everything. I owe you.”
He shot a nervous smile at Mike and focussed on Magnussen again, trying to concentrate on the Power Point, on Magnussen’s words, forcing himself not to look at the student with the piercing blue eyes and the ridiculously plump lips. It was almost preposterous how hard it was, keeping his eyes away from him. Surely nobody human could have that kind of effect on him, could they?
Anyway, please let me know what you think  :)
Quickly, he paid the driver and scurried out of the vehicle to hurry after his friend. The same friend who was already in the process of ducking under the yellow tape, his coat floating ominously behind him. Sally Donovan was there of course, with her usual smirk as she welcomed him with a hearty “There you are, freak!”
There on the ground a few metres away lay Sherlock, breathing heavily. His eyes were closed, beads of sweat glistened on his forehead, his curls were hanging to the side. There were tears on his cheeks and he was shaking all over and moaning, although very weakly, John could barely hear him.
But this? Sherlock falling off the couch, shocked to see John? Scrambling into his arms, shaking like a leaf, with tears in his eyes, as he was apologizing to John, convinced that he was responsible for John’s misery, even if the truth couldn’t be further from that.
His eyes fluttered shut as the sudden memory of other hands on his body, bigger and firmer, flashed through his mind.
“Realized what?”
John watched as the detective finally grabbed his fork and started to poke at his food with it, drawing small circles into the red sauce as it flowed from the meat and pasta he was stirring up.
John watched him type something into the keyboard while he pulled out his phone to call Mycroft.
“Really? No super important government business going on, no secret meetings to organize, wars to prevent?” Sherlock tried not to sound too hopeful.
So he threw his arms up in the air.
No, no that couldn’t be true. Mycroft was just exaggerating their friendship in order to get John’s spirits up.
“But...But I didn’t…”
John knew Sherlock had only drunken two glasses of beer while he and Greg had drunken four. He knew Sherlock had drunken with them to be social, to let him, John, have a nice evening. He had been grateful for that small favour, so he hadn’t called Sherlock out on drinking less than him and Greg. Let him maintain a clear mind, let him maintain his ability to deduce everything around him, from the tiny wrinkles on the waitress’s blouse to the peculiar way the napkins on the table had been folded. He knew Sherlock needed that – analysing his surroundings, knowing everything which was important to know, so he was in control.
John shook his head. “No, it’s fine, don’t worry. Thanks for your help.” He nodded at the man again and ran towards the exit, Greg right behind him.
Sherlock frowned and John could read his thoughts easily. Alcohol was very seldomly an option for the brilliant detective because he despised the way it made people weak, made them lose themselves. Sherlock only ever drank when he was very, very frustrated with something or when it was needed in a case. So, John interrupted when his friend opened his mouth to refuse.
But for now he would let him get some more much-needed rest.
Sherlock didn’t say anything, he just looked anxious.
A man was lying on top of him. He was rutting against Sherlock, groping him under his shirt and parting his legs with his thigh. Both of them were almost naked from the waist down, clad only in their underwear, their trousers crumpled in a heap at the side. The man’s face was buried in Sherlock’s neck and he was sucking viciously at the exposed pale flesh.
Sherlock still hesitated.
“I just wanted to help, okay?” he said, disappointment clear in his voice. “That’s all. There is no agenda, I really don’t know where you got that idea.”
“What? Why?” John asked, frowning when his friends snorted with laughter clasping each other’s shoulders. Apparently, in contrast to him, they were affected by the alcohol they had been drinking.
John suppressed a smirk very unsuccessfully. “Yes, Sherlock?”
It was hard. Everything within him screamed at him to stop and take the opportunity to talk to Scott again. But he didn’t.
John was lying right in front of him, his face only a short distance away. His legs were entangled with Sherlocks, his bare feet tucked between Sherlock’s calves, nestled there comfortably. His bright blue eyes were studying him intensely and he realized that John had been awake all along.
“John!” Mike and Greg greeted him with a grin and pulled him closer. “Where the heck were you?”
“I can do anything I want, John, “Sherlock said, making a point of making his voice sound bored. “Please, could you stop shouting? You know my head hurts.”
One glance to the sofa showed a distressed Sherlock fumbling with his laptop on his lap. He was already in a videoconference with Greg who apparently was at the victim’s house, trying to find interesting things for Sherlock to look at.
“Well brother mine. You look quite fit for someone who has been in intensive care for the past twelve hours. How are you?”
His friend shook his head almost imperceptibly. “No, there’s nothing else, “he said with a small groan, breathless with the effort of talking, “no need to worry about me. I’ll be fine in a day or two.”
Sherlock was standing in the bathroom door, fully dressed, staring at them with careful suspicion.
“No. Please believe me, John.” His voice had started shaking a little and he raised his head to look at John in quiet despair. “There were other times where someone drew a gun on me or something like that, trying to intimidate me. But I had my mind you know. I still had that.”
“He was here an hour ago and asked how you were. You were still asleep then so I couldn’t tell him much. But he will return here in an hour and he’ll have a nurse with him to examine you.”
“I’m not denying anything, “Magnussen growled, his voice low in warning. “I’m just pointing out that there have been no theories by other scientists to support those ridiculous theories of Arendsen. And you know as well as I do that a theory, especially a bold theory like that needs to be supported by more than just one scientist. So excuse me, for not believing in its accuracy just yet.”
I had to make a cut here, the chapter was just getting longer and longer. The next chapter will pick up right where this ends.
He groaned loudly and pushed his arm over his face as if that would make the truth go away.
, he thought bitterly, as he angrily grabbed a plate.
“Oh, I’m sorry!” John immediately said. “I didn’t want to keep you away from your friends all night!”
Dimmock’s features moved into something that could be called a polite smile.
Sherlock rolled his eyes dramatically. “Oh, do shut up, will you? I’m not in the mood for homophobic imbeciles tonight, alright?”
John’s cheeks felt hot as he went to the big cupboard in the corner f the laboratory to fetch the dustpan. Luckily for him, everyone was talking with each other again and he could clean up the mess on the floor without the spotlights turned onto him. He knelt down on the floor to clean up the broken microscope right at Scott’s feet and he could practically feel the Beta’s eyes pierce into his neck but he ignored this. Now was not the time to start a conversation.
He couldn’t possibly speak anymore and with a sudden need, he pulled his trembling best friend up and into his arms, pressing him against his chest. He brushed his wet curls out of his face and wiped the tears away from his cheek. “Shhh, shhhh, calm down, Sherlock, shhhh….” He brought his head down to softly kiss Sherlock on the temple and he held him firmly as Sherlock was still shivering and moaning in his arms, still fighting unconsciousness.
“I….that… “he practically stammered, and he hated how frail his voice sounded, hated his own weakness.
Sherlock groaned but refused to wake and John propped up a large pillow against the bedhead. Gently, he pulled Sherlock’s body upwards and hoisted him so that he lay with his upper body against the pillow. Sherlock groaned some more, and John winced in sympathy.
A repressed homophobic then. A very easy deduction if not a disappointing one. It had probably something to do with the also repressed nature of the relationship John had with his father, a soldier through and through who believed in conservative role models, masculinity, and the benefits of continuing the Watson line, transferring his genes onto another generation. Being gay would be wrong. Being gay would be weak and that was something John Watson could never bear to be.
Sherlock instinctively leaned into John’s touch and John’s eyes lit up in subtle, delighted surprise.
“I’m telling you, I don’t need your help.”
Just one epilogue to go and we're done!
He took a few steps backwards away from John. “Who do you think I am? A weak-minded imbecile, going all giddy and pliant when you push out your superior Alpha pheromones on me, making me bat my eyes at you, perhaps even spread my legs for you? I’m not some mindless Omega begging for your knot, for God’s sake. Sorry to disappoint you!”
centipede. I will go round to each workplace and listen to your explanations.”
He swallowed as he took up the phone. “Yes?”
John remained completely calm as the other Alpha almost spit at him while he was speaking. “You’re the one behaving like an arrogant fool, “he said with a raised eyebrow. “He asked you to leave. Are you deaf or too dumb to understand the words?”
The other one hastened to find the off button of the EEG, and after a second, the thing stopped beeping loudly.
They had circled the Chinese garden and were back at the terrace where all the other people were. Both of them stopped and looked at each other awkwardly in silence. After what Molly just had told John, nothing they could have talked about now seemed decent.
First, he got a glass and a bottle of freshwater out of the fridge, thankful not for the first time for Mycroft’s interfering ways. He got a package of ibuprofen out of his medical bag and the antibiotics, too. It wasn’t time yet for the next dose of medicine, but he knew he would need to administer it at some point in the night. He filled another small bowl with tepid water and got a clean cloth out of the bathroom cabinet.
The cab pulled up at Baker Street. A shaky sigh escaped John’s lips as excitement, fear, and nervousness all welled up within him and he clenched his hands into fists to stop them from trembling. Gritting his teeth, he took a few deep breaths, paid the driver, and got out of the car.
“It’s silly. Oh God, this is so stupid, “Sherlock was whispering into John’s shoulder, as long thin fingers dug into John’s back, desperately searching for comfort and reassurance.  With a shake of his head, John ran his hand through the trembling man’s hair, murmuring soft encouragements into his ear, soothing him until Sherlock finally calmed down, stilling in John’s arms.
“Sherlock?”
Without looking at John again, he grabbed his things and headed for the bathroom. He actually swayed as he made the first few steps and he could practically feel John’s concerned gaze piercing into the back of his neck. But apparently, John was holding himself back because he didn’t say anything and Sherlock was thankful for it. He was done with feeling weak and helpless and John knew it.
Shame.
His arms automatically wrapped around Sherlock’s trembling back. He laid a hand protectively on Sherlock’s curly head as he allowed the embrace to go on. Sherlock seemed to desperately need the touch, he practically pushed against him almost violently, as if he craved the almost-pain between their touching bodies. He loudly breathed into John’s shoulder and John’s other hand reached out to stroke the detective’s back. He was completely shell-shocked by Sherlock’s behaviour, but his body did all the important motions Sherlock so urgently needed right now.
How could he even begin to think that any one of them could be different? He should have known better than to even indulge the thought of that. He saw the spark of hope die in John Watson’s beautiful eyes when he made his weak apology and got rejected and it gave him a great sense of satisfaction.
The sirens were suddenly ear-splittingly loud.
Yet, even with that matter cleared up, there were still things left unsaid between them.
John threw up his hands angrily. “Well, that would be my problem then, wouldn’t it?”
(See the end of the chapter for
“What’s wrong, John? You’re practically jumping up and down in your chair and you’re glancing over your shoulder every few seconds. Do you maybe also have to go the loo?”
to John, giving rise to dirty thoughts that he definitely should avoid entertaining if he wanted to have something resembling a normal conversation.
The nurse began her examination and Sherlock grimaced his way through it. He let her turn and prod him without complaint. She took a few hairs from his head as well as a few swabs from every part of his body where he had been bruised, scratched or bitten. She took a few swabs from the bite wound which caused Sherlock to bite his lower lip in pain although no sound escaped him.
He stepped back again. “You smell nice, “he said carefully, “but…”
Sherlock nodded nervously and he kept his eyes on John’s face as they breathed in and out together.
“No, no, go on, “Victor said with a wide grin, “seems you have mastered your experiment. Congrats!”
“Oh, Christ, I’m so sorry, Sherlock! Please forgive me, I’m an idiot! I’m sorry!”
After what seemed like hours they stopped and settled down side by side, facing each other. They talked in hushed tones: about the best way to persuade Greg to bring Sherlock some cold case files, about Greg and Mycroft’s curious connection and about which side of the bed both of them preferred to sleep on (Sherlock preferred the window side, John the one closest to the door: a perfect match).
He nodded and prepared the tea. Keeping his hands occupied, making the tea, gave him comfort. He was still terrified by what had happened in his mind palace, knew that he had to think about it and try to find out what could possibly be behind that new door. But not now.
“I was at the pub with friends. I drank some beer and apparently it was drugged because suddenly I could hardly move my legs and arms anymore, I was dizzy, my head hurt, my vision was fuzzy. This guy got a hold of me and dragged me away. I don’t know where. I remember him …. touching me.” His voice broke just a little and John closed his eyes in sympathy.
John pressed his fingers into his eyes and shook his head. He had to try and not concentrate on that right now. He would take the obstacles as they’d come. For now, he had to make sure Sherlock was okay.
Once again, he forced his hands into fists to stop them from trembling. Then he opened them again, flexing his fingers a few times, before starting to dress in his fresh clothes.
“No, they wanted to call me when the tests are done, “John replied, his tone already softer at Sherlock’s admission that he was tired. “They should be calling soon.”
While there had been some attraction between them on the dancefloor, he found himself getting less and less interested the longer she was talking. She was chattering on and on about her studies and her wealthy parents and even the last boyfriend she had, captain of the football team, that at some point he just lost focus.
Sherlock jumped a little and stopped talking, having - it seemed - realized at last he was babbling.
“You were alone here, Mr. Holmes, “came the deep throaty voice from somewhere above him. “Please correct me if I’m wrong but nobody knows you’re here, right? You are such a reckless, arrogant man that you came here alone, without any help. No friend to stand by your side or rescue you ….”
“Tell you what?” he said suddenly. “I know a certain Scottish lullaby. My mother used to sing it to me when I was still a little boy and I couldn’t sleep.”
John frowned. He hadn’t even thought that far but of course Greg was right to ask this question. Sherlock had never seemed to have indulged in any kind of relationship while he knew him, and he hadn’t told him about previous relations he might have had with either men or women. They had had this awkward conversation at that Italian restaurant on the first day they had met where the owner had thought they were on a date and Sherlock had told him that women were ‘not really his area’. He had assumed he was gay then, but he had not seen him in the company of any man since then and he also couldn’t picture him with someone. Most of the time the detective seemed averse to physical contact and he despised the simplicity and lack of intelligence in most people, intellect, and cleverness probably being the most important thing he would look for in another person. That was if he was interested in any other human being as partners at all.
“John, listen to me.” Mycroft sounded almost tender and if the situation weren’t so tense John would have laughed out loud in disbelief. “Sherlock needs you. He is lost without you. He spent the last few hours in his mind palace and the only word that has passed his lips was your name. Over and over again. He was in distress, John, over you being in prison.”
John held him up again while he muttered to himself: “Yeah, I am being the ridiculous one.”
Another possibility was of course that he had gotten into a fight with one of the other patrons or the staff, insulting them by making inconsiderate remarks he didn’t realize were inconsiderate (although sometimes he did know his remarks were inconsiderate and still he made them). So, it could be that Sherlock was just around in the corner and had gotten into a fight with some bloke determined to break his nose.
John’s kind and gentle face, a concerned look marking its handsome features, as he talked to him, pressed him to his warm, beautiful body. He couldn’t remember what he had said, but did it matter?
Pale blue eyes looked at him in wonder and all the muscles in John’s body tensed up.
Sherlock propped himself up on his elbows and at once his hand shot to his head as he winced in pain.
John wished to know, but he didn’t know a single Omega.
