Sherlock’s lithe figure shifted as she remained sitting, to address him softly. “You can take the left side.”
“Why not?” Sherlock retorted, pausing in tossing the offending garment over her head, “Your world revolves around me. That’s more important than heliocentrism.”
“All I knew for sure was that he was alive, and I was much relieved. I resolved to enter this data in the relevant section while I waited for lab results. My mistake was attempting to maximize efficiency, as I took the book to the lab. It was there that Victor saw my more personal observations. Governmental data was coded, but my personal…” Sherlock searched her mind for a word that applied, and it broke John’s heart to hear her continue onward, “reflections were unfortunately candid. In my desire to maintain exacting, precise, records, I was less than circumspect.”
“You left him in a drainage tunnel to die!” Sherlock screamed, the phone nearly sliding from her grasp as she hissed between ragged breaths, “What was the purpose in that?”
The vet had radioed out for more support. Hope bloomed within him. Just because he couldn’t keep the dog didn’t mean he didn’t want it to have a good life, in some garden, with a couple of kids to chase after and too much kibble in his bowl.
“Hello.” John carefully allowed himself to be sniffed, and when permission was given with the nudge of a heavy head and the happy flick of ears, he patted Fritz’s mane. “It’s nice to meet you.”
In a sense, John felt them in their own little world. The newspapers didn’t hound them. Twitter fell off of their radar. Sherlock was consumed with experiments and botany and sketching and cataloging. He knew it wouldn’t last, but he found himself wondering if they might make trips to the farm more of a regular happening. She seemed to sparkle.
“And you have yet to offer your name.” John observed, “Didn’t your dons bother to mention that point of social convention?”
Once they left the bustle of the motorway behind, John watched bucolic and pastoral scenes pass him by as the roads twisted and curved on the final portion of their drive. He loved the country. He had spent his summers as a child on a farm outside Inverness, as Sherlock had once deduced. His maternal grandparents had farmed, and they had made a home and a haven for him and Harry. Even years later, his best memories, amid cancer and divorce and stress and pain, had been of that stone house and the warmth found therein. He was sorry to say that Gramps was gone, because John often wondered what the man would make of him, if he would be proud in a way that his father had never experienced.
John did not reveal that he was generally agnostic. Instead, he claimed his mother’s faith as his own, though it gave it no comfort. Presently, the chaplain came round, a man in his mid-thirties, young and thin, and a solider. He had puppyish face undergirded by resolve that John had once claimed as his own.
“Oh, John.” The woman smiled, and it stole John’s breath. “You of all people know not every condition is visible.”
John lifted his beer, and took a healthy sip. They enjoyed another round, and chatted about everything and nothing. It was good to see a friend again, one who knew him as more than just a solider. He didn’t feel quite so self-conscious around James, not when most of their time at the bar was taken up with his sister’s antics. James was just one of those genuinely nice people that everyone loved, if they were let in past his thick walls.
He was stubborn. She was correct. He was giving. She was not, by nature, willing to prioritize anyone above her own needs. Survival of the fittest required, after all, that she understand that she was superior. John Watson knew in his soul that he was a superior human being, and this bone-deep knowing was his drive, his impetus, to give to those who could benefit from his gifts. He would deny it, should anyone articulate it, but Sherlock was adept at seeing the truths others sought to avoid.
“I do not need security. I need cases!” Sherlock hissed, “If you hadn’t stolen my DI, I would not be in this fix!”
“Are you attempting with any level of seriousness to furnish me with what is colloquially known as the sex talk, John?” Sherlock took in their present location, and the twist of her eyebrow seemed to say that it was a bit late for all that, “I do assure you that I did have a nanny, and while Molly may project a certain primness, she is in fact very sexually open and was more than willing to furnish me with information that my nanny neglected to provide.”
“If you don’t have an NHS number, yes, I will treat you.” John put another file in his bag, as the man entered the office and approached John’s desk.
“No promises.” John reminded him that he had said he would try. However, Hawker seemed to have this sense that anything John said he would try to do, he would succeed at doing. John blamed The Lady’s mystique for that, as her Network all thought she hung the moon, not that she paid an ounce of attention to lunar cycles.
John was rounding the corner into the library when he heard Victor hissing, “What would you do, Sherlock, if I found your precious doctor?” Thinking quickly, John dropped behind a wingback chair near the door, straining to hear the whispers of the conversation in the far corner, “What would you do, if I told him all you had done?”
John peered through the disgusting flat. He’d grown up in a council flat after his Mum had gotten sick, but this place was so far below that tidy place that John couldn’t describe it. Mice in a lab had better living conditions. John flipped the faucet on, and not surprisingly, no water came out.
Glancing at Sherlock’s wall, it was clear that she had arrived at the conclusion that sea travel would be the most preferred action. Already, the airport’s vet teams were on the lookout for a deerhound of any stripe in the UK. They’d already to go through the pain of affirming that dogs one through four were not MacPherson.
“I’m sorry, ma’am…” The woman’s gaze softened when she made assumptions about their connection. Sherlock cared not for her sympathy. She wanted her efficiency. “I am not authorized to let anyone onto the wards. You’re not in any access record I can locate, ma’am. Did you arrange your visit with the base?”
Carol thought for a long second, “Well, she slipped away at shift change, but I do think the Chaplain might know something.” She paused for a long second, “I think neurology will want to swing by before you leave, just to make sure your CTs didn’t miss anything.”
Lucy had just grabbed a bottle of Tesco apple juice made out of water and corn syrup, and taken a swig, when she spotted an open space by the window. Making a beeline for the cell reception the window offered, Lucy bolted almost as fast as her New Look flats could carry her, but not as fast as a run, which would have called undue attention to her need to check her email.
Sherlock watched him for a long moment. She deduced that he was not working. That's what she had struggled in discerning, because it was not his default orientation. This was a rare moment where John Watson was simply John Watson, homesick, tired, lonely, and so tired of the fronts he presented to the world. Sherlock, too, was a master of fronts, though she applied it largely to survive Cambridge and not war zones. He needed to know he wasn’t alone in this world full of people. He needed to know that there was another like him in this world, another who saw everything.
John seemed to, within weeks, work through something within himself. Sherlock was glad to notice that he was once again eating his weight in horrendous foods like salad and vegetable stew. If the psychology department now received copies of various journals relating to humanistic and positive psychology, Sherlock considered it but a reminder to Norwood.
“I thought this was a food kitchen…” John blinked back at her, wondering how he had just stumbled into a job offer, “Do you employ—”
Sherlock strode purposefully after MacPherson, and disappeared from view just as John smiled at her brother.
John missed the days when he wasn’t so fucking paranoid. Except, he thought, it wasn’t paranoia if you were correct. Besides, he hadn’t been a twenty year old kid in almost two decades. Even then he’d not been very trusting.
“Let’s just get you where you’re going.” Chaplain Parker told her, reminding her a little bit of the clergy at home, who had, despite her distaste for anything religious, had treated her with a fond respect and consideration she had not found in many people of faith. “Landstuhl can be a confusing place.”
John didn’t want to call attention to it with Mycroft staring intently at Sherlock, but she looked seconds from collapse. He could only imagine the detail of the scenarios playing out in her head, given how many times she had been captured and held for ransom.
He found his friend’s commentary adroit and more verbose in this book than any of the others she’d sent. John had the feeling that she had, over the past few months, been opening up in small ways after recoiling for a time. He’d been sent novels in French and German, and he himself had grown bolder, sticking notes and mini-book reviews in between the pages. He’d wondered if her packages were screened for letters, and gotten a bit creative in response to that supposition.
John looked to Mr. McGowan for his opinion, but assessment sparkled in his eyes. John knew in an instant just who had spent much of his time giving Sherlock her introductory lessons in deduction. The older man simply gesture to John to do as he was bid, and so they followed along until they caught up to Sherlock, designer skirt, muddy wellies, and horse on a halter beside her.
“Why?” John blurted, knowing that there was some plan within that beautiful brain of hers, one that she was intent on excising him from in entirety.
Over the last months, John had gotten into a routine at the clinic, too. He strode into the building, bypassing the queues for meals, the bustle at the food closet, and the buzz of community spaces to pick up his mail at the office. He then stuffed what he might into his bag and lugged supply boxes across the corridor, and into the sitting room of the clinic. If he was on time, he had a few minutes to open his mail and put on tea and coffee for patients. If he was late, as he habitually was, he had just enough time to pull a file, grab a pen, and make certain his phone was on vibrate before someone was demanding his attention.
John resisted the urge to snatch it away. The animal was likely not any discernible breed. What Sherlock was rattling on about veterinary care, most people spent a decade in school to learn. He felt a headache like the one WebMD caused him building in the back of his brain. Tension headache, the doctor part of him supplied, unhelpfully.
Sherlock carefully stored John’s voice in her Mind Palace. There was a whole space there, filled floor to ceiling with boxes marked ‘John.’ When Sherlock had the incentive, she would walk amongst those boxes, and sometimes unpack one or two, mental boxes that held the scent of PG Tips or the color of his nondescript shirt at Cafe Cafe at 10:42 on a bright morning during half-term.
He hadn’t been able to answer Sarah’s texts, not that they likely contained anything but thinly veiled annoyance and resignation.
John pulled down his shirt, and realized that the run about London, desperate to find Sherlock, desperate to see her, desperate to hold her, and the resolution with Jefferson Hope had revealed to John two things. One, his limp was gone, had been the second he’d walked into that drawing room. Two, he could not ever consent to be on Mycroft Holmes’ payroll. He would not be paid to spy on a friend, and though he had not signed a contract, he knew that’s what it would come to be.
He saw Nan off in the morning, glad they were alone. She went on about how much she liked Sherlock, and John knew had Sherlock heard it, she would have been glad to provide Nan with a thousand reasons to loathe her. “Now, John, you have a nice time and mind the girls.”
After breakfast, MacPherson elected to spend time with Molly, who was free with belly rubs, kisses, and happy faces. John found Sherlock saddling up Fritz, whom he now knew to be called after Fritzwilliam Darcy, if the books on Sherlock’s shelves were anything to go by in her heroic preferences.
It was old, certainly, but the spidery handwriting on the cover confirmed what he had known from the moment he’d watched her cradle the book. The book her in her hand was not chemistry work. It was her file on him.
“Actually...” Sarah asked, after the nurse hastened back to her post, “Could you start now? We’re a bit packed. We will get your paperwork processed.”
“Your luggage came.” John replied, stating the obvious, as there were cases everywhere. “Are you packing today?”
She shoved her slim feet back into her flats, and declared, “What, John, did you think I had grown up in a barn?”
“I was an officer, Sherlock, and I grew up principally on a farm. Some of my earliest memories—” John broke off, those memories more painful than even the darkest days in the Army. He was okay talking about the council estate, there was no shame in his mother’s struggle to do her best, but he had never found a way to talk about the farm.
John sank into his chair gratefully. Sherlock, however, had other plans. Perfunctorily, she climbed into his lap, and pressed her chapped and cracked lips to his brow. “John, my John. We survived, and we’re together.” Their eyes met, their gazes held as her weight settled over him, “Don’t forget that, not now.”
Lestrade’s arms wrapped around her as Sherlock realized she had crumpled to her knees on the cold hospital floor. Those horrible, rasping, keening sounds were coming from her own body. The sobs that ripped through her soul, if she actually had one left, were agonized because John had lost everything he loved. The other part of her soul rejoiced that John lived, John lived, and he would live. A planet that held John Watson was the only fitting place for Sherlock Holmes.
“Oh.” Her eyes sparkled anew, and John had the feeling that something had clicked for her when she bit down on a grin.
“I’ve the Sat Nav, thanks.” John replied, doing as she suggested anyway, turning off of a village lane down a winding road that led them farther away from small shops and a country church past farms and occasional drives. There was a few more turns to be made, and John knew that they were seconds away from being dropped into another combat zone. Though it wasn’t a jungle or a terrorist hub, John felt his pulse steady.
John studied her. Her electric blue eyes were wide, her face free of makeup, and her wild, curly, hair was pulled back into a loose knot that rested at the nape of her long neck. “Yes, I’m beautiful. Can we move on?”
Thankfully, the next day, he and Sherlock went to town, leaving the dogs in Carter’s care. There was a bit of shopping to do, and John was eager to remind himself that their lives were in London. He did the shopping as Sherlock texted and added random treats to their basket, and saw every friend of Nan’s it was possible to meet in the process.
He didn’t want to give her control over him. He didn’t reply to her question, because he had no intention of opening himself up to her, even if this little conversation hadn’t been a test. She was not his ally.
Sherlock was not one to be an alarmist. There were enough debutantes in this room who suited that definition well. She had never wanted to make her bows, but after the debacle in New York, she had decided with much consideration that she needed understand parts of herself, parts of the world, that she had heretofore neglected. In a way, it was research.
“His mealtime is not for four point seven hours, John.” Sherlock looked up from the body that she was all but sniffing, “If this is an attempt to feed me, I assure you I require no sustenance. As it stands, we are expected at dinner tonight. You know Father will fuss if we don’t make absolute gluttons of ourselves.”
The sight stole his breath. He forgot entirely that he was supposed to be listening to Sarah go on about Sherlock’s wedges.
“She worked at Queen Elizabeth.” John confirmed, no longer wondering if the small things that had seemingly just happened were coincidence or something bigger.
“How can they possibly be, if you neglect the very basic knowledge of cleaning from top to bottom?” Sherlock returned, “It is not that difficult! Have you never heard of gravity? No?”
For the first time today, John found himself smiling warmly at a Holmisean man. “You’re Greg, then?”
“John, if I must suffer this event, at least I should have some sort of compensation.” Sherlock left that section behind to dart across the aisle quickly and add some frothy pink dress to his staggering armload, “A dress seems paltry in comparison.”
John paused in thought for a long second, before heading to the next exam room, opening the door, and saying, “Hello, I’m Dr. Watson. How are we today?”
They decided to go for a pint, and James’s phone began to blow up about halfway through their first round. He simply chuckled, apologized to John for attending to his phone, and fired off a quick message before setting his phone face down on the polished wooden table. “I apologize. My sister is a bit possessive of what she loves, and consequently considers them off limits to anyone else.”
Shot in the shoulder. Shattered. Broken leg, in two places, compound fracture. He had significant soft tissue, probably some bruised organs. He was relatively confident he no longer had a spleen. He was superficially banged up. John refused to let himself consider anything but the facts of his situation. He was not going to make guesses about his prognosis, not even when they were educated. Based on his awareness, he would venture to guess that he needed at least two more surgeries.
Well, he wouldn’t have looked at her at fifteen, but there was a span of time between fifteen and nearly twenty-two, that was true. However, he drew the line at giving Mycroft any credit whatsoever for their relationship. There were things that were just not done, never done.
When John finished his sweep of the yard, moose in hand, he came round to the front of the house and heard Sherlock yelling, “There’s a reason the papers call him a silver fox! You’ve got a Tumblr! You’ve certainly encountered Sherlockians! Why didn’t you call?”
John knew there would be no smallish Watsons running about the halls of St. Bart’s anytime soon, but he smiled, and asked Mike about his kids. That conversation took up the rest of their walk.
Sherlock seemed to notice this, because she made Sarah no offer to pet the dog that had once again returned to chewing his bone. It was entirely evident by the way that she was clutching her bag that she wanted nothing to do with MacPherson.
“I assume you have done since last Friday.” John replied, knowing full well that there had been the span of days since they’d left London. There had been little to do here but think. John had seen the upsides of it in some respects, but now he questioned himself.
Maybe, just maybe, she could be the world’s only consulting female. It certainly beat her academic position. She couldn’t call her coworkers idiots, but to John, well that was their pet name. “Say, Sherlock? Ever thought of expanding your little crime solving family?”
“Well.” John rocked back on his heels, “Nan’s going on a bit of holiday to Greece and needs someone up at the farm. I rather thought we might make a holiday of it.”
Sherlock did not furnish the man with data, for that belonged solely to her Mind Palace, and she would not violate the privacy of the bond forged between people who saw everything, “He questions his very personhood, his ability to be of service to people around him, his right to be here, with every breath he takes.”
John got several database warnings for digging, and figured that if fate was kind, he’d meet his benefactor face to face. He’d long ago figured out that she was female, of roughly the same age as John, liked historical and classic literature, and likely was educated in science and the classics.
John found himself watching her as they drove off, wondering how a man who was involved in at least one noteworthy crime a fortnight could be perceived as boring and staid. John looked down at the hen at his side, “I won’t tell her if you don’t.”
Sherlock came up the stairs to their street, threw her flats at the smiley face, and threw herself on the sofa, not that he blamed her. He did have to avoid the sight of that silk dress rucked up around her thighs, however, as he sat on his chair and scrolled through the pictures that had arrived just before the woman in a great many of the shots.
John felt himself biting down a grin as he spied something sticking out of the DI’s bag, where he’d left it on the only clean space on the counter. There was a file sticking out of it. “That your file, then?”
“A case?” John ventured. He could probably still call Sarah. She would expect it by now. He’d only done it five times. This month.
“And reveal my sources?” Nan laughed, patting MacPherson while ignoring his nosy poking for a lick of her cake, “Never.”
Sherlock stared straight ahead, and began to set the scene very factually. “I did not willingly relinquish my data or my notes. I was very close to the final breakthrough on an extraction process I had been perfecting for my dissertation. As ever, Victor was present in the lab.”
“MacPherson is suffering,” Sherlock hissed, “my clothes are utterly ruined, and you’re worried about meaningless sex with your girlfriend?”
“This is not the most outlandish reason a woman has invited you into her bed.” Sherlock replied, rather grumpily shoving pillows in his direction, “I assure you your virtue is safe.”
“Heavens, with all these biscuits in my flat?” Mrs. Hudson laughed, “I’d be the talk of Baker Street.”
Sherlock was sitting with her microscope, the only thing she’d unpacked herself. “I’m off, Sherlock.”
“I,” Sherlock spoke for herself as well she should, “am designing an observational study, relating to the flocks’ quality of life, productivity, and activity.”
They continued silently through the bustle, which thinned considerably once they were inside. John’s polished shoes moved along the freshly hoovered carpets.
“Mycroft had a lot of work to do. I won’t bore you with the details. What I will tell you is that she begged the nurse to see you, treated the fucking Church of Scotland— or whatever the fuck they call themselves in the States—chaplain with kindness, and let Mycroft deduce her, just to sit by your bedside and hold your hand.”
“Gregory.” Mycroft sounded shocked. John, for the first time in a long time, wanted to laugh so hard that his stomach ached with the pain of restraining it.
“I am shocked. You are a highly educated medical professional, and here you are, embracing patriarchal notions of sexual innocence.” Sherlock couldn’t quite muster up the proper tone of indignation, and it was enough to set John to thinking about more pleasurable activities. Her voice was a bit hoarse, but it was nothing a cup of tea wouldn’t fix. “I am well, John. You’ve never hurt me, and you certainly didn’t now, and I won’t have you all twisted up over meaningless social constructs.”
John stepped inside. Books lined the wall behind him, and a man in a bespoke suit with an umbrella by his side gestured to the opposite chair, “Dr. Watson.”
John asked a simple question, just to keep Greg moving along. He knew how easily somebody could get trapped in a memory, and he didn’t want that to happen to Greg. “What did she say?”
Sherlock looked down at the journal Grandmere had given her two Christmases ago, upon the occasion of her thirteenth year. A young lady, Grandmere had said, deserved a sacred space for her innermost thoughts and feelings. Though Sherlock did not wish to waste paper on such banal things, she did tuck it away until a case arose that suited its format. Sherlock had only unearthed this book when the idiot Mycroft had set something into motion. After much consideration, she was ready to add to her body of research.
“Hugh McGowan.” The stable master replied, taking his hand and shaking in the way of two men who were evaluating one another and finding something worth respecting in one another, “I follow your blog. I’m glad to know you.”
"You were the one who sent that invitation, Myc." Greg returned, "For god's sake, stop being an idiot."
Though everyone at QEHB wanted him to remember anything he could, John welcomed the blackness in his mind and the gaps in his mind, knowing it spared him pain.
Weston drained his glass and grinned darkly at John, “I wasn’t the duffer who put him in the national spotlight.” He poured another drink, “The headlines, though, can’t you see them? Oh, they’re glorious.”
“Look, if you really need me to do it, I can compartmentalize. I may not have a Mind Palace, but I have my ways.” John replied, knowing that he had some of his skills left, and would never hesitate to use them, “I’m not pushing you, but you can’t go on like this, and maybe, just maybe, I might get it. Sherlock thinks we should talk.”
“Lucy!” John called, pulling the tarp over the body, as if he needed to spare her, “You can’t be here.”
Carefully, she bumped into Harry Watson, and in the ensuing echo of ‘sorries’ that made them British, Sherlock slipped a name and number into her pocket. Dr. Sutcliffe was an expert on alcoholism and would sooner turn her back on Harry than Sherlock would turn her back on John. The bills would be astronomical, but Harry would never see one.
John let the magazine fall, carefully checked the chamber, leaving the slide back. He made a show of unloading the gun, and then lowered it to the floor, kicking his Browning towards the madman with the gun pointed at Sherlock.
John hadn’t needed the data, but the confirmation was nice all the same. John knew Mycroft had cut carbs from the wrinkle in his brow and the jitter in his fingers. He had a headache and was going through sugar withdrawal. John knew the symptoms of mild withdrawal as well as he knew the back of his hand or his NHS number.
Sherlock deduced him for a single second, and nodded, reaching for her mug of tea. John fleetingly hoped she’d gotten enough fluids today. It was extremely easy to become dehydrated in the winter, and tea was a diuretic. Sherlock huffed fondly.
John merely reached around her to steady her as she kicked off her shoes, and grabbed the fabric to raise the edge of her Saab gown. Their eyes met, and John knew that the only thing glorious about this moment was her joy, her laughter, the power she felt restored within herself, power that Victor in vain to cause her to question. “You’re glorious.”
With that, Greg returned to the house, and to his evening activities. John thought about the first time Greg had been invited here, and knew that Sherlock would have been in the throes of her education, and would have likely been as good as an alien to Greg. What did Greg know? What had he seen? Whatever it was, John knew that he was right to keep his guard up.
“It’s neither my money nor my concern.” Sherlock climbed into the car after John, and pulled the door shut in Mycroft’s face, but not before John saw some of the concern leave his face.
Sherlock found his reaction impossible to handle or comprehend. She sought out the John in her mind who focused on espionage. He had been a near constant companion during her time as a debutante, for the undertakings were similar. This John sparked something within her, so that by the time the plane landed, Sherlock had one plan. She was going to get to John, and keep him alive, no matter what it took.
“Dears!” Mrs. Hudson called out as she came to the corridor, “Would you care for some biscotti? I’m boxing up some for my dear Sherry, but I’d love for you to try some.”
John found himself scrolling estate agent listings as Sherlock grilled poor Dr. Hooper. He rejected one flat as being too large, one as being too small. One had entirely too much kitchen, one had not enough. He closed the tab of his browser in disgust. With what was in his bank account, if the text that said ‘for supplies’ was to be believed, they weren’t really limited in terms of location. He knew better than to count on Sherlock to care about paying her half. She thought her tea magically appeared by her hand. Thereby, it was clear that practical concerns were his alone.
This stranger had done this for him, and in a single instant, John felt slightly more understood and less alone in this vast universe. They would never know his story, his successes, or his failures, but he felt strangely accepted in the delivery of his favorite tea and biscuits. This person had no way of knowing any of these details, but that tiny twist of fate reminded John that he was a part of something bigger, something grander. He wasn’t a religious man, but he valued meaning, and he found personally valuable meaning in the kindness of that gesture that was merely enhanced by the details soothing some aching part of soul.
Before Sherlock could make her displeasure more fully known, a woman of color in a sleek summer jacket came to the entry. “It’s not a bomb.”
John came home from the surgery to find the entire contents of Sherlock’s bedroom, stuffed full with items on a regular basis, all over the siting room. When he picked his way through the maze of items, nearly knocking over a movable clothing rack and a tower of scientific tomes, John paused to listen to the conversation in the next room, “You missed a spot.”
“You were in an industrial kitchen.” Sherlock rattled off a few more facts, including the fact that Janet had an orange cat, and quickly came to the conclusion that he had been providing medical services there, “I will allow you to tell me your news in your own fashion, so as to preserve communication and allow for emotional bonding.”
She was making a joke, because he had, in fact, pegged her for a horsewoman within that first night. She moved gracefully, and he had eschewed thoughts of ballet for horse riding within hours. She was, John was more than amused to note, not the only one skilled at reasoning.
“John.” Sherlock’s sharp gaze, though soft, missed nothing in his face, accepted his truth for what it was and nothing more, “There are things you should know before you declare yourself. There are things between us. It does not behoove you to be…spontaneous, no matter how genuine you are being.”
After a hearty breakfast, John stepped onto the stoop to face the interested press. He waded through the few stalwart reporters, and bade them good morning, but said nothing in response to their queries beyond assuring them that their interest was a bit overblown, as there had not been a bomb anywhere near 221B Baker Street last night. John, on his journey to work, began to draft a update for the blog, checked his Twitter, and made provisions for the next month’s bills to be taken from the bank account.
“Don’t be obtuse. If you would only think about what’s going on in the here and now, you wouldn’t even have to ask.” Sherlock replied, “There was approximately less than one third of one percent of this happening. Still, it is not beyond your powers of observance.”
Pete made no secret of his mission, confidently slapping his friends on the back and alerting them to his companion as they passed. John was stopped three times to chat, and watched as people put aside their meals to see the Doc. John knew he was going to be here awhile, and hoped he could at least talk some people into going to A&E or at least a clinic.
John still felt like he had sand in his socks, even in dress shoes and not his thick boots. He felt strange in New York. It was weird to be in America, where the war was almost a non-entity in that people went along with their daily lives without fear of bombs and sunburn. He didn’t have to worry so much about watching his cover, but John would have preferred to be in a sandstorm that at the UN HQ. He was never one for much of playing nice, though of course he knew how to do it. He’d been raised with Harriet Watson, after all, and spent his life smoothing over her indiscretions.
Was that supposed to intimidate him? Millions of people took their tea in the same way. His umbrella didn’t make him all knowing. John had never felt more energized, not since he’d left Helmand. If someone wanted to be evaded and ditched on the way to grabbing his dry cleaning, well, at least it gave John an excuse to do as they asked. It kept him sharp, gave him a goal, a purpose.
“I quite like my jumpers.” John returned, half-amused to know that Sherlock had just informed her brother that she had every intention of keeping him around, not that he had any intention of going anywhere, even if the flat did stink to high heaven. Thank god for crime scene techs who opened windows and cleaned up acid spills. They didn't have the supplies for that, although they should probably put that on the shopping list...
John knew she had hidden a few things, including the cracked rib she was ignoring, and a fresh bruise on her collarbone. “She doesn’t need you to cackle like a hen.” John began, “If Sherlock has been hurt, she’s got a right to choose if she wants to talk about it, and to choose whom she tells.”
John didn’t need to take more than a cursory glance to know that it had been a hunting rifle. He named the model, and they shared a look between them. She had been shot with a hunting rifle just like the one lovingly caressed by Victor Trevor.
John was too polite to do anything but reply properly, “I’ve not been here in years. It’s changed a great deal.”
She didn’t move, but John saw that she had a camping lantern resting in her lap, clearly borrowed from one of her many admirers. “Are you hurt?”
John looked over his bags, knowing his toad in the hole was a lost cause. The doorman pushed a buzzer and two men appeared. One took his bags, his face impassive. John saw a flicker of judgement on his face, though he didn’t bat an eyelash. John guessed he didn’t buy frozen food, nor anything that said ‘by Sainsbury’s’ on the label.
His eyes fluttered open upon John’s approach. Gently, he nudged Sherlock’s hand. “I can’t help him.”
The six hundred and fifty mile drive passed rather quickly, considering the car was bugged and Sherlock slept most of the way. John checked twice to make sure she hadn’t been drugged, or more accurately, drugged herself. She’d done some massive experiment with every nicotine patch in the flat last night, and he wanted to make sure the drowsiness wasn’t some Sherlockian response to nicotine poisoning combined with dramamine and boredom.
“You care not one bit for social convention.” The man was icy, coolly assessing John, “Or else you would have not spoken to a young girl in the halls of Buckingham.”
Really, did people not get enough from the blog? Almost weekly, he published a new case and something from MacPherson’s perspective. John’s teeth clenched together when he saw a photo of them walking MacPherson in Hyde Park plastered on the page. Of course they had been sticking close to one another. It had been unseasonably windy and cold that morning. It was fucking London in early autumn. Of course it was cold some mornings.
John made a note to put the word out, in a thinly veiled post, that printing pictures of MacPherson would be met with legal action. The picture had been stolen. The American press had teeth, but they also had scruples, at least when it came to dogs, horses, and Father Christmas. He was very aware of most of the journalists that came sniffing around, and Mr. Macon wasn’t one of them. Still, Atlanta was a growing entertainment city of the American Southeast, and so it could be someone new looking to make a splash.
Sherlock considered him, before looking out the tinted window and speaking, “You see but you don’t observe, John.”
That was something, right? The sound of that voice, however, stayed with John. He forgot its cadence, its intonation, but he did not forget the way the possibility of having someone there to miss him made him feel, even if it was only fantasy to make up for a lack of letters from anyone else but Nan and Gramps.
John tried not to blame himself. It was fucking futile. Maybe if he’d been home, he would have seen the warning signs, but maybe if Harry hadn’t been making friends with the bottle as was her usual modus operandi, Mum wouldn’t have ignored her recurrence for too long.  Mum had always ignored her own needs, and Harry had never paid that tendency any mind, not when it meant there was more of Mum to take.
John did not see the point of tramping about the countryside in packs of jacketed, booted, men. He had understood as it a solider, but he understood it not at all as a civilian. It seemed these men enjoyed feats of manliness, which included shooting at defenseless animals and boasting of their closeness to said creatures. John knew that there wasn’t enough coffee in the world to chase away the chill that had enveloped him after extricating himself from Sherlock’s embrace.
“Indeed.” She allowed, “But you’ve done more than you share, haven’t you? When the time comes, don’t let that boy put you off. He does mean well. You do understand duty.”
She hated the smog, and the tube, and the American tourists with nothing better to do than sip crap tea out of poncey china cups at the wrong hour, making a mockery of her culture. She much preferred Inverness, or even Glasgow. God, give her Scotland, any day. There was nothing like fish and chips in Glasgow.
John shook his head, keeping secrets, and Lucy grabbed his crappy mobile with a huff. “I don’t know how you survive with that fucking thing.”  It was at least four years old, cracked and scuffed from being in its owner’s pocket as he’d been kicking the shit out of people.
“And then, he was gone, his words ringing in my ears.” John knew, then, that what she recalled was horrific. “I tried to speak, to stop him. But he was gone…” Sherlock shivered, “As the door slammed, I lost consciousness, as the drug had intended for me to do. I woke, five point seven hours later, surrounded by my own vomit.”
James chuckled, “She fails to understand that as her brother, I have my duties. It’s not my fault some are more pleasant than others.”
“He’s proud of you.” John shrugged, leading the way into the house and starting up the stairs, “He enjoys thinking about you. There’s nothing more to it.”
He faked a laugh, forced levity into his shoulders, and walked off. Sally didn’t like Sherlock, and he wasn’t going to feed her ire. It was better just to play dumb until he figured out his game plan.
John’s sleep was deep, and calm. He woke in the dark, to the sound of a pen moving against paper next to him. He cracked an eye to make Sherlock writing down a composition with fluid movements.
“What do you mean?” John spied the drainage pipe, and a small crowd gathered round the grate that blocked the entrance to the pipe.
“Love their parents, so they show them what they feel is acceptable to them, not knowing that their parents, in an attempt to raise self-sufficient children, raised people who haven’t the faintest clue that reaching out for support is healthy?” John finished, “I got that.”
Harry accepted his final words on the matter. She’d matured. She was still a tearaway goofball who got loud and mouthy, but now she did it as an advocate and a champion for those who struggled with her disease. John was incredibly proud of her. “Thanks, Harry.”
Using supplies he begged from the woman at the intake desk, John cleaned and bandaged the cut, made a mental note on the size of the bruising, and let Sherlock sulk.
“As if anyone could know what he needs better than me.” Sherlock snapped, as the vet and the techs moved slowly out of the tunnel, dragging the transport until they could heft it between them. She softened her voice when the dog emerged, painfully thin, and strapped to a bed with an IV and a chest tube already started, “No. He shall reside at Baker Street with us.”
John rolled his eyes, and patted MacPherson, who was rolling on his belly to obtain attention from John now that Chowley had been banished back to his basket with the firm statement of his name. MacPherson seemed to be rubbing in his location to Chowley.  “He sent them to China to spite you, Sherlock.”
He ran. There was only one reason a crowd like that might gather. He shoved through the small group of people, not caring that his back was to them.
He stopped thinking, mostly because now was not the time to think. Now was the time to trust his training and act. “Sherlock?”
Looking at one another, they simply cracked up. Sherlock began to giggle as John laughed at his own joke. She muffled her giggles against John’s leather jacket, and pressed her lips against his pulse point, as though to prove that he was alive and whole. “Oh, God, John, he was such a bad scientist. You should see how he cooked up that concoction, like something out of a cartoon. I tried to offer advice, but he just went along throwing things in the pot!”
“Well, I would.” John knew in the pit of his soul that nothing could erase how he felt. He knew it would change, would grow, would develop, but he was certain that his feelings were the outgrowth of a foundation that nothing could shake.
John had not spoken to him, but he had seen the man more often than he thought was normal. John pegged him as someone from Whitehall, looking to either check boxes or feel as though he could take credit for their successes. John had once bumped into his PA. Her calculating expression had stuck in his brain, and John had found himself puzzling over the whole thing in quiet moments.
John almost asked Mrs. Hudson to elaborate, but he knew that was a bit not good. Thankfully, he didn’t have to ask, for Mrs. Hudson was always one for a chat.
Mycroft offered Father Holmes with his insight that they should move South, and so they headed off. They returned hours later, having bagged a paltry few pheasant. John was glad, that he had not fired a single round that had ended a life. For him, that was not sport. It never had been, and it never would become a lark.
And so, there they were, on every front page in London, walking together to their flat in the soft glow of the streetlights. Naturally, the pictures that took center stage were the ones that featured Sherlock Holmes, her back pressed to their front door, reaching behind her to open the door as John picked her up and—
Sherlock tilted her head, deducing and thinking and deciding in a single instant. “You? Nothing except use highly classified governmental databases to foil an idiot and find me a case.” She blinked slowly, “But I shall best you.”
John shut the door, so that MacPherson would not hear the shouting and endeavor to hide under the bed, as he did at home whenever he heard shouting on the telly or between the verbal members of their family. Consequently, there were fewer loud noises around Baker Street. He knew what it was to have PTSD and Sherlock would stand for nothing upsetting the dog.
Sherlock nodded. He could take care of himself, and it was time she saw some of that in action. John hadn’t simply been a doctor in the field, after all. It was in silent unity that they emerged from the recesses of the garden, and headed in tandem to the lab, where MacPherson was passing the evening in comfortable solitude.
“So, the freak’s pet has yet another woman trailing after him?” The woman hissed, like a cat, “Word to the wise, honey, you won’t last a week. The freak’s too possessive.”
He picked up the menu card, and his hand shook. John stilled his involuntary show of fatigue quickly. He hadn’t slept in something like three days, and now, on his one day ‘off’ he was trying in vain to keep a normal schedule so that tomorrow wouldn’t be so rough. It was going to be difficult. He simply had to compartmentalize and consider tomorrow another new start, and hope that he could land on his feet. He needed to stop thinking, just for five bloody seconds, and he’d hoped a cafe stuffed with people to observe would distract him.
Sherlock fumbled with the key card, ignoring Gavin’s words. They distracted her from her purpose. She had taken up languages and international customs not only for research, but for the Work. She had learned languages because she wanted to do it, but also because it would prove useful for John’s eventual postings, where she might take cases in the native language. She had long ago abandoned the flight of illogic that had been their separation in her mind.
“Mate,” Murray was already biting into his third biscuit. John resisted the urge to wrestle the tin away, “A bird put that package together, and nothing says ‘I want to be Mrs. Dr. Watson’ like managing to get fresh biscuits to Helmand province.”
John tried not to notice the CCTV camera that was pointed their way in the unseasonably warm spring night. He gave a jaunty little wave when Sarah’s gaze was elsewhere, and covered the gesture by offering Sarah an napkin. He and Sarah were standing in the glow of the shop, tearing into messy chocolate covered waffles having an actual conversation when John remembered to reply. He was already uncomfortably full, as there was no one sticking her own fork into his portion.
The deerhound would go into Sherlock’s room, settle for approximately ninety seconds, only to cry in a deep whine for an equal period time, and come scurrying back on his long legs, and repeat the process. Sherlock had tried petting him, tried the violin, tried everything. They had moved MacPherson’s bed three times, fluffed his blanket, squeaked his toy. Sherlock had even gone so far as to hum MacPherson’s song, though John knew he was not supposed to have heard the gentle notes crossing her lips. She had a lovely voice, but never sang.
“I am not confused.” Sherlock told him, following him down hallways and around corners, knowing that this place contained people who had done things she would never understand. She had never understood John’s choice to go to war, never understood why a country would ask that of its people, but she understood well that she was seeing human resilience around her. “I am here to see John, and arrange for his transport to the a military hospital in the United Kingdom.”
“Oy, Cap.” Pete declared, “Wait until you see him, and hear what he says about you. Then, you’ll be signing a different tune.”
John smiled ruefully to himself, knowing she was about to ask what he wanted, thoughts of an assignation leaving her face. On the outside, he looked like every other young man in Brussels on holiday, but on the inside, he was old and wizened before his time. Harry was probably howling with laughter if she wasn’t deep inside a bottle right now. If only she could see him now, bloodshot eyes, gun in his trousers, and preemptively turning down a no-strings down decent lay via body language.
He turned around to wave, shocked to his core at such an honestly emotional expression of feeling from his sister, who had shouldered their traumas by internalizing emotions John had subverted into acts of caring. John’s eyebrows rose encouragingly as he sought out his sister, only to see that she was collecting her things from the chairs and hadn’t said a word in his direction. Still, she caught his wave and returned it hopefully.
“I was flattered by your insistence that you needed to remain with Sarah.” Sherlock replied, brushing her fingers through his hair with heartbreaking tenderness, “It’s rooted in your subconscious.”
John thanked her. He was not a little bit relieved to find that his credit card hadn’t been charged for the ergonomic bed Sherlock had been evaluating. She’d mused buying two, one for testing and another for use, if and only if her analysis proved it the ideal bed for a canine with orthopedic special needs. It had, however, been used to order a tweed dog coat from Mycroft’s tailor. John hoped Mycroft would take care of the tab, otherwise, they’d be eating beans for two weeks.
John called for the PCs to enter, and found that Evie Upton entered the kitchen. He supposed he owed Mycroft and Lestrade a favor. Evie was probably one of the less irritating locals. John greeted her, and filled her in quickly. What she might do was beyond him, but at least this had the veneer of going through the correct channels.
“Me in London?” Nan replied, slicing healthy a portion of cake and passing it to John to match the smaller slices she’d already served herself and Sherlock, “The very notion gives me hives.”
“You’ve not heard my question.” The cadence of an American accent, roughly outside of Macon, Georgia, filled John’s ears. He’d been in the UK long enough to pick up speech patterns, but even his bearing retained something that pegged him as American.
“Again with the assumptions, Dr. Watson.” The man chided, making so bold as to pick up the picture of Sherlock and MacPherson on his desk, his grip lazy as he continued, “Again with the assumptions.”
She put her phone in the pocket in her primly knotted Belstaff coat, “I am afraid John will be the arrested party tonight.”
John took the slobbery ball from their dog, and considered it as he replied, “Well, I might be home a good while until I find something.”
He would not spoil it. The conversation was lively, and John enjoyed watching Mummy and Father. He had long ago wondered how Sherlock and Mycroft could be at once so off-beat and so well-adjusted, and he knew that he had found the answer in observing the older Holmes couple. There was a balance and an accord between them that had shaped their children in the same way that his own parental discord had shaped John and Harry.
“No, I find the outcome to be…” Sherlock paused, “far more pleasing than even my most generous conjectures to ever risk.”
Harry ventured, as they drove along, “Well, I don’t know. People mostly come for the food. They stay for other reasons, but they come for the nibbles.”
Sherlock made an inarticulate sound as she slashed more letters and subscripts on the butcher paper. John figured she might eat if he put dinner in front of her, and set a skillet on to heat while checking MacPherson’s log.
“Aw, alright.” Skinny Pete accepted his refusal affably, “Hawker was wanting to see you. He’s got that thing, you know?”
John would be such a good father. They could even use their grandfather’s name. Hamish was a good Scottish name. She made a mental note to start looking up good surrogates in London. Finding one who would meet Sherlock’s exacting specifications wouldn’t be easy. Still, Lucy knew it was possible.
Greg wisely did not ask her for details she did not offer. Victor Trevor was dead, and forcing Sherlock to recount his exact words would either highlight what she could not remember or could not forget. John did not know which would be more distressing to her.
“That’s not my fault.” Sherlock reminded him, “As I recall, the encounter that has captivated the minds of others was entirely consensual, and therefore to subconsciously blame me is neither fair nor logical.”
MacPherson sniffed upon entering Baker Street, accepted a pat from Mrs. Hudson, and promptly lifted his great body with a single pained hop onto the sofa.
“Dr. Watson, I do hope you are well.” A voice spoke from behind him, cultured tones that John knew had been many a man’s last memory. The door latched behind her with nary a whisper.
Despite the fact that she looked like she had just been put through a wringer washer, she held herself as though she were a queen. No. She held herself like Sherlock Holmes, infinitely more regal and sure of herself than any mortal queen.
John took a look at his appointment book, and rubbed his eyes. He had so many slots filled that they bled onto the surrounding lines. “That we do. When Lucy comes in, please tell her if there’s an extra volunteer with nothing to do, we could use someone to unpack supplies.”
“You understand that I am Sherlock’s security.” John felt a twist in his stomach. Here her father was insinuating things, telling him that Sherlock ranted about him, and they had just bloody met. Was this a set up? Literally? Was Mycroft some kind of matchmaker?
Sherlock didn’t drive and they didn’t keep a car. It was absurd to consider buying and maintaining a car in this city, with their lifestyle. Though London was spread out, they did just fine with transit. Well, John used the Tube and busses. Sherlock had an army of cabs and cars at her disposal. She sometimes used the Tube to deduce, but certainly never to get around London, much less anywhere outside of Zone One, let alone where they were headed.
In other words, his delay for milk and biscuits was totally pointless in her mind. “Mycroft sends his regrets.” Sherlock rolled her eyes, “Somehow he feels it rude to keep Luxembourg waiting.”
It was clear to John that Sherlock wanted a word, and, though she would never admit it, a moment to collect herself.  John opened the door to find MacPherson sitting by the doorway, barely allowing Mycroft out before he pranced inward, as though he were walking on air. MacPherson made no bones about putting his front paws on Mycroft’s settee, and allowing Sherlock to bury her hand in his coat as she petted him. He was always quick to comfort them. Poor MacPherson knew what it was to be sad.
John digested her words, “I suppose you see a lot of do-gooders thinking they’re the answer to homelessness, and then they get burned out and leave?”
down notes, glaring at Lucy. Lucy could not help but add, “You’ve misspelled rickets. There’s only one ‘t.’”
Sherlock Holmes did not need him. She was no doubt as formidable as he’d dreamed, iron willed, and strong. She would never need a broken Army doctor who could not come by a respectable job, or sleep a night through. But as for John, he could tell that he needed her.  He needed her like air, wanted her like sunshine. It was that simple, and that true.
Well, John had been there, and all he had to say was that they had been inside and upstairs in the next thirty seconds, and Sherlock had been wearing dark tights. So yes, her legs were almost around him in the last shot, but it wasn’t as though anything had been going on, not really, at least in that respect. She'd just been a bit knock-kneed, picking her up had facilitated getting inside.
Whitman’s words burned into John’s memory, though they were faint by the time he was settled at Queen Elizabeth in Birmingham. I am to wait—I do not doubt I am to meet you again, I am to see to it that I do not lose you.
Sherlock stood and bolted from the room with the dog loping at her side. John thought he saw a blush cresting across her cheeks. John simply filed that image away for later consideration and faced Lestrade, who had stepped aside to let Sherlock pass quickly.
Sherlock looked at him askance when he slid expertly into the saddle atop Marsh, the horse that she had deduced to be the best fit for him. Clearly, she had deduced his skill, but not his comfort or ease in the saddle. That, he knew, had been easily observed by Mr. Hugh McGowan.
Jessica paused, binning the supplies she’d used to push opioids into his IV line. She looked up at John, and though he was operating at one-quarter functionality, mentally, he saw confusion and genuine concern on her olive-toned face, “Yes, you do.” She insisted this gently, “She was here yesterday, the charge nurse escorted her to you.”
Sherlock tucked hair behind her ears, a wild curl that seemed as disinclined to listen as Sherlock herself, “Don’t delude yourself, John, you run the risk of becoming dull.”
John stifled laughter as Sherlock snapped, “Of course not! Ask John to teach you how to lie, if you must do it, at least you should do it properly.”
Every morning, he was woken up by a slap to the face. Well, something akin to one. MacPherson could simply not bear to have any more time pass without a bit of a pet, so he would initiate the activity by trying to ‘pet’ John. Usually, this happened by bashing his paw on John’s face. At this point, he would crack an eye, and evaluate. If it was dark, he scooted over and let the dog into the bed and patted him until they fell asleep again. If it was light, he made his initial attempt to get out of bed.
“Asked me what kind of person would want to live with her. Wanted to know what I’d make of a person like that.” Mike colored a little, never liking to speak ill of another person, “If there ever was one, I suppose, knowing her.”
Within three days, they were digging into a confirmed murder case. It came together quickly. John was dizzied by it all. Gloria Scott had discovered Victor Trevor’s gambling ring, his embezzlement, and the fact that this hard to find James Armitage was in on his schemes. Gloria Scott’s ticket to Australia had never been used, and her body had been found in a skip. John knew this, presently, because he was staring at her remains with a grim look on his face. “Point blank to the back of the head.”
Their cases with Scotland Yard back with Scotland yard continued this pattern. When Lestrade’s text came, Sherlock simply rose, stuck a few bobby pins in her hair, clipped the lead on MacPherson’s collar, and looked to John, “There’s a case, John. It’s barely a four, but it will undoubtably be of benefit to MacPherson.”
Sherlock inclined her chin in scolding, and informed him, “He stole my work, and I am going to get it back, John. In order to do that, I need for him to not see me as a threat to his credibility. I cannot arouse his suspicions.”
He was so fucking tired that his mind was jumping around, filling in the gaps between information he picked up about the people around him, from the lawyer on holiday who’d done cocaine last night, to the French waitress three months gone with pregnancy, though she was unaware, to the American tourists blathering on in loud and overbearing tones about ketchup on french fries. John wanted to go over there and tell them that normal people put mayonnaise or vinegar on chips, but he supposed his mild irritation with American exceptionalism ran slightly deeper than what people shoved all over their fried potatoes.
“What are you going to do?” John snapped, frustration blooming in his veins. How like her to think there was some easy solution to a problem. How like her to totally disregard anything that got in the way of her goals, even reality. “Swoop in with some solution?”
“My father detests London.” Sherlock replied, picking up her own fork, though John knew she had no intention of eating it. “Mummy less so. I moved there to escape them.”
John closed his eyes beneath the enormity of that admission, knowing full well what she had just told him. There were no stopping his words, no wondering if they were ready for this truth between them, “I have wanted you since I saw you smoking that cigarette, using the Queen’s china as an ashtray. I have loved you, Sherlock,  from the moment I saw you.”
“You’re a bit overqualified...” Sarah shifted, and John wished he had left his PhD off the bloody CV. And maybe a few of the fellowships. He had just been glad to be doing something that wasn’t classified, that literally helped people, that he’d been honest.
John was not surprised to find Sherlock in the barn, though the beat up wellies on her feet were something of an incongruence as compared to the £700 jumper she wore. John found her grooming a chestnut gelding. He stopped by the stall door, knowing there was a barn worker not thirty feet ahead of him, likely middle-aged and male. “You deserted me.”
He could see her now, flitting about Europe as he had once done, on the wind, trying to stay two steps ahead of death as she dove from bolthole to rendezvous spot. He could not consign her to that future. She was not to be harmed any more by the sights of what had awaited them in the cargo hold. The investigations would be overseen personally by her brother, and loose ends would be tied.
Sherlock posited another theory as John found the glass bottle in the door, and gently guided MacPherson and his new buddy away from the contents, “You read the blog.”
“I don’t care!” Sherlock stabbed her screen with force, “I don’t care. Just, let me have some peace. The only place that matters is my mind palace, and you’ve disrupted its orderliness for the seventh time in this ride alone.”
John cut off the phone. It was abundantly clear to Lucy that no one ever told him how to silence the thing. Lucy looked over, trying to peer at his texts, but before she could see anything, it buzzed again.
Mycroft spoke again, “I would make some sort of threat, but I’m sure your situation is quite clear to you.”
“Could you be anymore domest—” Greg was cut off from asking a question John did not really care to answer when Mummy called his name, absolving John from proving the point that Greg was really even more absurd than Mycroft.
“Oh, he drove up here, but it wasn’t him.” Nan offhandedly sipped her coffee, “He’s a nice lad, truly.”
“Would you care to read my notes?” Sherlock asked, and John knew that she was talking about the thick book in the box on the coffee table, “I am amenable. It would likely answer some questions you have with clarity.”
He smiled at Sarah, who seemed charmed, possibly intrigued by the idea that they’d have the flat to themselves, for the first time ever. He thought surely that all their near misses added up to a date or so, making the likelihood of sex well within the range of possibilities for the evening.
Though Twitter knew it not, Sherlock’s cosmetics case was filled with cultures and petri dishes under the bench seat, and his gun was in the center console when not in the back of his trousers. John spent a happy moment settling MacPherson into his space with his doggy seatbelt, his stuffed Alces alces, and his blanket. They pulled into the London traffic and set off for Sherlock’s childhood home.
“You have no proof!” Dr. Marshall, the Head of Psychology at the hospital blustered. He took it very personally that she had brought knowledge to his employees, for he felt that his ways of being and doing were the only ways of being and doing, as was very common in privileged White men. Sherlock hated the patriarchy, just as she hated the way he embraced it.
John thought this whole thing sounded like someone either come to finish him off, or some kind of fairy story. “Oh?”
John paused, and saw Skinny Pete heading towards him, coming down a ramp and hastening towards John, weaving through a queue to get to his side. “Morning, Pete.”
Waller spoke, just as they rounded a corner, John’s cane keeping pace easily. “It’s just inside, out of the heat, sir.”
After a long moment of calming MacPherson, Sherlock called, “I suppose you heard all of that, John.”
MacPherson came bounding out of the barn, holding a tatty equine brush in his mouth. He dropped it at John’s feet. “Oh, you want a brushing, do you?”
“Well, that’s true.” John took note of her name, so as to mention her on the blog when they got another picture with a healing and happy MacPherson, which Sherlock took regularly to document his healing and progress. John said nothing of the album in which she pressed the printed photographs, nor of the data and information written carefully under each item her in her careful and flowing handwriting, nothing like the spidery scratch she used in other places.
And just like that, Sherlock proceeded to open the door of a moving SUV. The car stopped, and she fluidly stepped out just as the tires ceased to roll. The car behind them nearly bashed into their boot, and John ended up throwing himself towards Sherlock to avoid being hit.
John forced himself to breathe. He forced himself to look at this place through Sherlock’s eyes. She could be cold, dispassionate. He needed to feeling nothing. John looked to Sherlock quickly as Nan chatted and led them through the house to the rambling kitchen at the back that Gramps had long-ago expanded with a bucket of nails and his own two hands.
John got the words out before his resolve failed, knowing that if he didn’t do something to alter the course of events, they'd end up back where they’d started. “We have to talk.”
John absolutely did not allow himself to think about the fact that Sherlock had just discussed her birth control and had plainly stated that she had a high probability of needing it for pregnancy prevention. Instead, he did the supportive and sensible thing, and put a pair of painkillers and a glass of water on her dresser.
“Do you mean to say that, with my wealth, prestige, and influence that you pity me?” The man pressed.
Lucy angled her elbow to give him a bit of space by the window in the press of people milling about, leaving John to enter her personal space. “You only came early to show your face so if you bolt, it won’t look so horrible.”
Within a minute, he had an address. Luckily, it was right on his way. Within twenty minutes, he’d broken into a very posh office, and left a pile of cash on the desk. There was nothing to getting in and out, nor was there any issue with covering his tracks. It was a message no man could misunderstand.
If they were going to gather, they needed milk. And perhaps some biscuits. He could not face another terroristic threat or kidnapping attempt without something in his stomach.
“The Americans are going to want to fry him.” Lestrade noted, rubbing his hands over his face, “We’re simply going to get his confession, John. Then we’re going to hand him off.”
“We’ve more interesting things to listen to today,” John smiled, turning on the doppler wand as the young woman lifted her oversized shirt quickly. John placed the doppler wand, and in a moment or so after finding a heartbeat, spoke, “Like young Timothy.”
on the Beeb. John had once made eye contact with a vet who’d confessed he was sducidal. He was a doctor, after all, and a solider. Her Majesty would have wanted that man to feel not alone.  John could not let that man die.
John grinned. As usual, Sherlock’s reasoning was exacting, if limited by her perceptions of a unchanging reality. “Well, why can’t we?”
“They’re the veterinarians, Sherlock, not me.” John reminded her for the seventh time in the last hour. He did not add that the pictures were meant to be soothing.
Buttoning her coat, she promptly went and released MacPherson from the back seat. He jumped out with a fluid leap, scrabbling up to lick  and paw and woof happily at Sherlock. She simply corrected him, “It is erroneous to greet me, MacPherson, as I have not been out of your presence for a socially arbitrary period of time that would require you to bid me hello or risk social scorn.”
“Of course, yes.” He agreed, wondering why she was asking, “Enough to last a lifetime. Far too much.”
So, John thought, here came the blackmail. They’d known to expect it, though John considered it a stroke of luck that he was here to hear it, simply because he wished to avoid having to hear about it secondhand. He knew Sherlock well enough to know she would dismiss it and downplay it, and this was something John could not bear to see dismissed. He also knew she would cheerily omit details if she thought it would protect him.
“Well,” John refrained from offering her his personal opinion of the names she was considering for her child. It was not his place to comment. His taste, personally, did not lean towards the latter name, as evidenced by the fact that he had named MacPherson MacPherson. Yes, the dog was a dog, but the point stood. “I think you have another six weeks to decide.”
Sherlock bustled out of the room to get something, and John took a long look at the dog who was now sitting on the sofa, his head in John’s lap. His heavy-lidded eyes flicked up to meet John’s gaze, and John knew just exactly MacPherson was thinking, “We’ve both come up in the world, haven’t we? She’s a bit intense about it, but she loves you, you know?” John patted the dog’s still healing body gently, his body taking up every bit of the sofa John wasn’t using, “You’re always going to have a home here, mate.”
“For how long?” John knew he was literally making a deal with the Devil, but nothing else would end this animal trafficking ring. The only other way he could see was spending two to three years taking it down himself. Sherlock would think that more favorable, but John knew that reality too well to choose it again. MacPherson needed his mummy, if nothing else.
“He scared her.” Molly revealed, though John noted that she did not deny his query. “She never said as much, but I knew grown women who were terrified of him. He would lean into her space, talk over her, twist what she saw, and belittle her, all the while taking credit for her work. He’d been a member of a revision group and his massive intellect hid the lack of a soul from many people. I threatened to throw acid in his face if he ever approached her when she was alone.”
Mycroft was still out of sorts about the fact that his sister was a grown woman. When he did show up not two minutes later, he was without his brolly, and that alone made John feel as though he had come upon Mycroft in the buff. Added to this feeling of inappropriateness was Mycroft’s lack of suit. He was wearing cords and a easily buttoned shirt, and John had the urge to look around for a pair of gloves and begin using the medical ‘we.’
Weston rolled his eyes and moved towards his crystal decanters. “Gentlemen, seriously. The dog’s small potatoes. He’s got every potential to be a great show dog. Do you know how much those fuckers rake in per year?”
Surprisingly, they enjoyed themselves. John did not allow himself to trust her sobriety, but she was sober today. She had been sober yesterday, and almost two years worth of yesterdays. He would take today, a good today, just as MacPherson welcomed a good today, a better day, with every day that he opened his eyes. He couldn’t change his yesterdays, but MacPherson didn’t let them get in the way of today, and never gave a thought to the circumstances of tomorrow.
John had done more dangerous work with much less supplies, and so he set to, feeling quite able to put Hawker at ease. The pus from Hawker’s gum was quickly drained, and was not as bad as it had looked upon cursory glance in the canteen. John thought the infection had come from a lack of flossing and brushing, and told Hawker so, adding that if he wanted to avoid dentists he needed to make his teeth a priority.
Sherlock turned away from her work promptly on schedule, and fed MacPherson before sitting down to a plate that had been waiting for her for less than two minutes. John considered that a gift, really, because he hadn’t honestly been expecting her to eat. Sherlock chewed her broccoli carefully.
John spent the evenings in the soft lamplight of the farm kitchen cooking meals Sherlock actually ate. MacPherson joined him trampling through the fields and skittered after the girls and barked at the goats. Chowley was given new life with a buddy to acclimate to the farm.
John could no sooner have stopped himself from kissing her properly than he could have gotten out of this chair and walked out of Baker Street. Within a moment, Sherlock’s nimble, violinist fingers left his hair to wage war on his shirt buttons. John declared turnabout fair play, and made short work of sending buttons scattering for the second time today, knowing full well that the skittering of Sherlock’s pulse and the rise in the intensity of her rosy blush was a harbinger John rejoiced in noting. Whereas many of their previous encounters had been rooted in joy and happiness, this was fire and gasoline, and an absolute inferno of want and need and passion.
John could not bear to see Sherlock’s words used against her. Macon had just signed his death warrant. “What do you want?”
likely in her office, as she wearing a perfectly tailored Hobbs suit. The scenario played out in John’s mind, right down to the suppressor Victor had used. He’d eschewed the ear protection he’d bitched about on the pheasant hunt because the sound of the bullet breaking the sound barrier and ending life had ben a thrill for him. John knew it was likely orgasmic for Victor.
John’s heart was in his throat, his footsteps sure, as he saw a light emerge from the darkness. He moved closer, calling out. Sherlock didn’t answer, but it was her. She was there. There she was, then, in the back of damp drainage pipe just behind where two smaller pipes joined, almost dry in comparison to his waterlogged pathway.
Sherlock, from the back, observed John. Her deductions had been inccorect, driven more by her own emotions, her own fears, not by truth, not by knowledge, not by fact. This failing lanced through her as had her previous failings with Victor.
“Yeah, well I blew it again.” John muttered, digging for the flask of tea tucked in the basket. “I’m not sure Sarah’ll want to go out with me again.”
Though the cafe was busy, Sherlock’s gaze never wavered, except to blend and to make careful notes. Studying this man, Sherlock looked at a person she once thought to be her equal, and now knew him to be her friend. In that moment, competition and comparison dropped away. He was John. She was Sherlock. That was enough.
The second employee in uniform led him down a hall. John took a quick study of the space as he limped along. He could easily break some windows, and that was a relief, even if it would mean trampling the flowers outside. He didn’t relax, but he knew his way out in a trice.
“Yeah, I’d thought we could--” It was then that he noticed Sherlock’s hand on the doorknob. “Wait. Where did you say you were going?”
John took in the homeless shelter and felt the spark of annoyance that rose when he thought of the doctors he’d spoken to just now, who were such big-headed fools that they were totally unaware of reality. John was walking past the shelter when he heard a voice call out, “Hey, Doc!”
He was trying to sneak out. Lucy felt his movement building next to her. He was keeping the jump on his texts, so the phone wouldn’t buzz. Lucy could see that John was trying to pay attention to the doctor, who was not going on about STIs, but was in fact, discussing Vitamin D levels. “Our most recent study into the matter found that low vitamin D levels were connected to certain tumors, such as....”
She was in London, attending yet another boring medical conference, hating this wretched building and its horrible, vile, disgusting, lack of cell reception. One would think that people would think about things when setting up conferences.
“I’m smarter than you are, and I’m right!” Sherlock declared, “You thought you were right about your previous lifestyle overhaul, the unfortunate goth phase, didn’t you? Well you weren’t! You weren’t, and you aren’t! You’re the problem!”
Sherlock ignored the question. She was not the focus in this discussion. John came above all else. “John presently is questioning his basic humanity. The Army formed a large part of his adult identity, and its loss is…beyond him.”
“Of course it is.” Sherlock returned, sliding her feet into uncharacteristic flats. “I selected it.”
Lucy replied, “I’m John’s cousin, Dr. Stamford. We’ve met.” Lucy held out her hand, “Lucy Woodbine. His rouge CIA assassin of a fake wife hated me, so I’m sure we’ll be good friends.”
“I owe you one.” She admitted, and John heard her clicking away at her computer. “What do you need to know?”
John wondered how that information made sense, knowing that Sherlock had no idea who the PM was. Then again, he’d never asked her what she knew of the war, and he wasn’t about to do so. She had made it clear on several occasions that she wanted something to be made plain between him and Greg, though she had told him to come home after, as though her projections had told him he might go somewhere else.
Sherlock opened her bedroom door, and John had to remind himself that he himself was not twelve, standing in the doorway of a girl’s bedroom. He moved forward and set the suitcases on the bed, all the while taking stock of the room. Sherlock unzipped the first suitcase, and he found it full of her slacks and skirts.
“Finally, some sense has been spoken.” Sherlock exclaimed. John realized something, when she sent him a smile that was as real as it was crooked.
“That’s very kind, Sherlock.” Sarah replied, as though she were talking to a small child, “I’ll see if I’m free.”
“I wouldn’t want you to apologize for being the person you are, Sarah.” John assured her, knowing now that any hope of a relationship was dead in the water and had been since the night they’d found MacPherson. John did not resent him or Sherlock for this truth, he was only sorry it had taken them both so long to see it and admit it. “You’re a wonderful friend.”
John returned the horse’s curious gaze carefully. He understood well that Sherlock’s horse was taking his measure. After all, John was certain that Sherlock had learned much in the way of observation from this calm equine, who wise brown eyes shone with knowing and light.
John considered his options as he looked around the packed room. Hawker would sooner die than see a dentist. John couldn’t leave him to suffer, and while technically he shouldn’t touch the situation with a ten foot pole, he knew he was going to help Hawker. It was useless to pretend otherwise, even for a second. “I’ll see what I can do about borrowing a corner of their kitchen.”
John hoped the security cameras in the hall had caught something, but he had enough to go on, with the simple glance at his face. “Well, then, let’s be perfunctory.” John smiled, “Get out.”
“You set them up, after all.” Lucy smiled at Mike, and included Dr. Floral Dress in her reply, “You’re the world’s only consulting matchmaker. You stepped in when they were in over the depths, which is nearly always, bless, and patched them together.”
“No, I’m just surprised you came, Dr. Watson.” Victor elaborated, “Sherlock has erroneous opinions about shooting. She fails to see how it assists the management of wildlife populations.”
John gritted his teeth and tried to shake off his sister so he could go buy a fucking Mars bar, get on the goddamned plane, and go to fucking Afghanistan. “Harry, please don’t make a fuss of this. We knew this would be my life when I joined up, and I’m glad I did. The Army suits me.”
She took a nondescript piece of paper out of her folio, carefully so as to remain unseen. It had an insipid Union Jack on it, and underneath the flag, Sherlock wrote a small message. She folded it in half, and tucked the implements back in her bag. There would be nothing of her left here when she left the cafe. Sherlock set down her mug, and slid her leather journal and pen into her bag.
John did not quite know what to say in return. Violet however, had seemingly gathered her information in much the same way her daughter collected data. She made her way home after a moment or two of banal chat that was rife with double meanings and complexities that rivaled, if not surpassed, Sherlock’s own lexicon.
“Look.” John pinched the bridge of his nose as Greg sighed, “You’ve got a dog. Imagine if Gerber were suffering. Wouldn’t you feel better if we just checked? All we need is some directions.”
At breakfast, John joined Molly and Sherlock, who were discussing one of Molly’s latest cadavers. Sherlock was angling to get the fingers for experimentation, and John used their interaction as a cover to watch his own prey eat his own breakfast and annoy at least two of Sherlock’s aunts, who John knew were known to Victor’s mother, though she was not known to the aunts, who were figures in the charity scene. They were forever after Sherlock to endorse some cause. This morning, Sherlock had declared her charitable efforts to be the toleration of idiots in the world around her.
Lestrade made short work of telling their new buddy just where animal abusers fell on the prison totem poll, shining his torch at the man for maximum impact. They were about as highly esteemed as paedos and kiddie killers. “You won’t find yourself at HMP Berwyn.”
The aforementioned canine, having heard his favorite word, came out from under the dining table, and wagged with his whole body, “Would you like your dinner, MacPherson?”
They continued on their way through New Scotland Yard. John said nothing in the lifts, though he did reach for Sherlock’s hand. She accepted the gesture, twined their fingers together, and moved even more closely into his space as the car glided downward. John fought the mad urge to stop the car mid-descent and wrap his arms around her, stare into her violet-tinged eyes, and forget the whole world.
“Sherlock…” John replied, feeling very much the cad as he climbed into her antique bed. Her sheets here were exactly the same as they were at Baker street, a crisp cotton in the autumn, for she abhorred flannel and declared silk to be a summer fabric. “I’m not a virtuous person.”
John’s mind was focused when he was introduced, gave his speech, and answered various questions. As he’d expected, he neither needed nor stuck to his notes, though he did make a bit of a show of drawing attention to the fact that he had them. It was good to be a little underestimated, after all. John spoke of various patients, the medical crisis, and provided several talking points for assistance he felt were both achievable and meaningful.
Sherlock seemed taken aback by this deduction, “Why? Ah. Having grown up with John, you are obviously more aware than most of his latent homosexual desires, and you therefore, feel that I am a decent match for him. I assure you that I am not. He is, by far, my superior, in all matters, except deduction. I am the best at deduction.”
John’s jaw unhinged slightly when he realized that Mummy had thrown Sherlock a shower. It was essentially a baby shower for their dog, complete with gifts and food. Thankfully, there were no games, because John knew if there had been, he would have been bailing Sherlock out of jail instead of scrolling through pictures of tissue paper and tea sandwiches.
“Say no more.” John had a sister, after all. “My sister and I are twins. I get it. Harry and I used to quibble that everything we had had to be different, down to the meals we ate and the plates we used. Of course, we were five at the time.”
“I don’t share your conclusion, but the optimism is appreciated, James.” John replied, “It’s something I’m learning how to do again.”
Sherlock joined her brother and his partner and left the ward. She paused only to thank the nurse, knowing that this woman was a tangible connection between her and John, and that if anyone deserved thanks, it was the nurse. Though it was a risk, Sherlock took it.
John knew what he was seeing, “You know, if you took a blow to the head, or otherwise sustained a concussion, screens aren’t the best.”
Much of their days, however, were spent tramping about the countryside with MacPherson, who seemed entirely captivated with everything he saw. He chased his tennis ball for hours, desiring so many tosses that even John’s tremor-free arms grew tired. He lolled in the grass, and splashed in cold streams, and had the time of his short, painful, life.
“I won’t leave the base, until John leaves for Sully Oak or another hospital.” Sherlock didn’t care if she couldn’t be with him. She just wanted to be near him. She did not care that her parents were going to be landing in Vienna in mere days, nor that she was expected at an International Ball shortly after. She would, she knew, not leave John’s proximity until he was well.
As they zipped through London in Mycroft’s car, John let his eyes fall closed. So much had happened in his life in the last two years that adding the knowledge that Sherlock had come to New York in the hopes of finding him changed his whole perception of that brief moment he’d spent in America before being back on the front lines of a senseless war. “Why didn’t you speak to me?”
John scoffed. He had plenty of encounters, just none that mixed work and sex. He was in a position of leadership, and he needed to set an example. Actually, it had been a long while. At least two years. Jesus fucking hell. “No, I got that stupid nickname because—”
“You would have deduced it, had you not given into the urge to follow such a base line of thinking.” Sherlock returned, “You’re free to vivisect him once I have my notes in my possession.”
“I’d say good luck to you too, John, but I’ve a feeling you won’t need a bit of it.” James got into the  passenger seat of his car, his assistant behind the wheel. “I’m sure we’ll see each other soon.”
John startled, “Why did you pause it?” John thought fast, knowing the look on Sarah’s face called for some fancy footwork. “It was just starting to pick up.”
He knew, too, that there was an intentional distance between parents and children. The Holmes parents loved their children, but it was clear that they thought them so capable and well-versed that to offer them assistance was beyond consideration. John had long ago wondered why Sherlock never vented or sulked around her parents, and it had become increasingly clear that she did not feel comfortable doing so.
“Would you beg? Would you plead?” Victor continued, almost gleeful at the imagery he was painting in his twisted mind, “What would you do to keep your very heart beating?”
John wondered just how much the entire family knew about him. Sherlock’s father confused him more than her mother had, even when he and Greg seemed to be the most forthcoming of the whole lot. “It isn’t only for my daughter that I find myself concerned.”
“Dr. Holmes, security will escort you off premises, as soon as you have cleared your office.” Dr. Grosseman sighed as she signed yet more documentation that signaled the end of this hellish witch hunt that had spanned weeks, “If you will permit me, you are a very bright scientist. I commend your desire to assist others, but suggest to you that your unique talents and abilities would be better suited to a more solitary, academic, post.”
Her town car brought her the United Nations, complex. Sherlock exited the car, smoothed back her hair, and strode toward the Secretariat Building with purpose. The security was an annoyance, and she did not appreciate any impediment upon what was a natural course of events.
When she was ready, having determined whatever it was she needed to know to begin, Sherlock spoke, “I need you to watch MacPherson and begin to pack for him whilst I’m gone. I’m going to the doctor, and I cannot, despite my objections to the policy in place, bring him along.”
After all, her name was Wilhelmina Sherlock Sarah Holmes. The only thing she had lied about was her surname. She knew enough of protocol to know that she was pushing it, even showing up here under the guise of John's wife. She cared not one bit for protocol. She would see John.
After doing a bit of tidying, John threw their clothes in the hamper near the bathroom sink, and figured Sherlock’s huff was permission enough to use the shower she was abandoning. “I don’t understand that at all.”
It was too bad that Mary’s baby had turned out to be her ex-boyfriend’s child. Lucy had seen them at the wedding. Who stood closer to some ex-boyfriend than their new husband? A lying liar who lied, that’s who.
Somehow, in sleep, John had made sense of various facts he’d come across over time. John knew something with blinding, calming clarity. “You were at Landsthul.”
In silent accord, they began making their way towards the storage areas. It was likely, according to Sherlock, that MacPherson would not be moved to a boat until well into the night. The sun was fading, but the docks were still a busy hive of people. No one would want to risk being seen with an animal. Too many questions were liable to be asked.
She was slumped over a microscope, and her blouse was riding up in the back. John wanted to put his lips there. He also wanted to feed her up. He hadn’t yet seen her eat. He also wanted to tell her not to push Mike around. He was a good sort.
“Mike...” John took one look at those earnest eyes, and capitulated. “I can’t make a promise. I can’t.”
John shoved away his thoughts as he drove. Sherlock was quiet. He didn’t dare ask if she, too, was nervous. She wouldn’t deign to answer such an obvious question, and he’d about hit his insult quota for the day, given that his own brain had been firing them off since they’d pulled away from Baker Street.
Mummy ushered him into tea, and they had only just sat down to making banal chatter when John rose anew at the tap of feminine heels that were known to him as the Jaws theme was known to boaters. Anthea swanned into the room, took one glance at John, and arched an eyebrow before clicking away at her phone. John groaned inwardly as he offered her a greeting, knowing that where Anthea was lurking, Mycroft would soon appear.
“Why must you persist in feeling that I am alarmed by your habits?” Sherlock snapped. “It doesn’t alarm me.”
“A thousand pardons, my lady.” John grinned,  “I’ll find temporal lodgings, then, and leave you to spin castles in the air, shall I?”
The news of their relationship broke in the week between Christmas and New Years. They’d been spotted looking rather cosy, John supposed, and their pictures had been plastered all over the papers. Sherlock had clipped the headlines and had them couriered to Mycroft. It rather did beat a chocolate cake.
When their headlights flashed across the window as they pulled to a stop, the front door was pulled open, and Nan was rushing into the yard behind Chowley, who was eager to sniff any new person that came into his domain.
“They’re easy enough to fake and screenshot, no?” Evie asked as she at least pretended to take notes, “Chances are, they’ll—”
“There you are!” She smiled, her voice sounding faintly of…somewhere else. Damn, he was down for the count, “Remember, you’re in the hospital, Dr. Watson. They’ve stabilized a few of your fractures, and we’ll have you shipped off to the UK in a snap.”
“He feels that reciprocity is only fair.” Sherlock declared, as though she could read the dog’s mind, and John wondered just how much of human debated just how much of human deductive reasoning translated to canine culture.
It certainly wasn’t the fact that he hated wearing his dress uniform. Everyone knew that, because everyone hated them. Only some kind of freak liked wearing them. John felt as though he was at once trussed up like a goose over a spit spun by Satan, and had his soul on display via the clink of every medal pinned to his chest.
“I’ve had enough practice.” John replied, putting MacPherson’s bed down in the corner. He unearthed his bowls as Sherlock measured his food, medication, and supplements. MacPherson hopped around happily, and underneath his happy munching, John felt the electricity in the air.
Sherlock blinked after entering the kitchen and being told to sit. John saw the questions and realizations in her eyes, but said nothing beyond answering Nan’s questions about their trip. John had hardly been handed a mug of tea when Nan declared, “John, go carry in your bags to your room. You need a moment.”
John didn’t know why, but he felt rather uneasy. He had long, long ago learned to heed that feeling. It didn’t rule him, but he had been too close to death to many times to ignore any awareness he had of the world around him.
If John had been worried about MacPherson’s intrusion on the Work, he needn’t have done. As Sherlock would have said, focusing on the projections without data to back them up was a waste of time and the average person’s severely limited mental capacity. Sherlock solved cases in the dog park, and at the agility course facility, where she spent some mornings. As she had begun when he was hospital, she continued to train MacPherson to fetch things, including the household blogger, and taught him a slew of commands and began to integrate him into the Work without missing a beat.
“I know. Mum was so proud, Johnny.” Harry said, her very tone of voice ripping through him like fucking glass. Harriet had never felt pressure to preform or conform. Her intelligence was her blessing and her curse, but empathy was not her suit. John couldn’t help but reach for the bag at his feet in an effort to hide the pain that crested over his face.
John’s heart stopped for a second, so brief he almost missed it. He almost missed the moment his entire life changed. He’d prayed so long for his heart to stop, that when it did for a totally unfathomable reason, he couldn’t miss it.
John hid a small smile at that, knowing full well that she spoke of herself. “I’m still sorry you got fired.”
He’d meant to suggest the trip ages ago. It just hadn’t fit, somehow. Life got in the way and facing the past was hard. Then, Nan had called with the suggestion that he come up and mind the farm whilst she was away. He hadn’t been sure it would be possible until he’d realized it was important on a lot of levels, and he had therefore made it possible.
Lestrade’s gaze narrowed. “Which one of you shall I arrest? One of you is going in, and we’re not leaving until I get something more than, ‘Greg, we’ve a case, don’t ask questions…’ even as Myc wakes me up in the middle of the bloody night that you two have stepped in it again.”
“Right, well.” Greg shoved a hand through his hair, as was his way of dealing with stress. John knew that one day he’d tell him about that habit, and help him break it. Today was not that day, because his mind was already focused on getting out of here, and getting to Victor Trevor before he figured out that the jig was up.
The tech chuckled, “I do believe you two have just become pet parents. My congratulations.” She paused, “We will need a name for the poor fellow. You’re welcome to follow along back to the hospital.”
Sherlock rolled her eyes, “No, it’s a former MI-6 agent and a person on the Do Not Fly list.” Sherlock snapped, “Yes! Why else would I have called you except to help my dog?”
She was likely apologizing for her mother’s comments, even though she said nothing more as she stared at him with a burning intensity.
“I’m hardly testing compounds on you.” She scoffed, reaching for the slide that was two inches beyond her grasp. “I’m not giving your ID back, Giles. It is futile. Molly has bodies that I simply must examine. I will not be locked out of the lab by a cake eating, boot licking, bureaucrat.”
John did like Earl Grey, and free tea was free tea, even if it did come in absurd bone china. John sat, then, hauling a simple wooden chair over from the table to face his contemporary. He wasn’t going to give this man a chance to get between him and the door. “You and I have nothing in common.”
“Baker Street is your home, and it’s where we will be.” Sherlock agreed, capping her pen with finality. It was yet another normal day at Baker Street, threats, villains, deductions, and dog drool, all wrapped up in one.
He’d gotten a matching one before, but there was no lulling him into complacency. John, therefore, opened the thing only after assuring himself it had been scanned and sniffed a few times by the bomb dogs. He’d lived through enough to know one could never be too careful.
“No.” John internally shuddered at the nuclear warfare Sherlock would rain down if someone suggested she do so, “Spend his money. On something he’d fine dull, or something.”
“John told you.” Sherlock declared, before consuming a bite of the spice cake. John could have eaten the whole thing, but he paced himself and rose to get a glass of milk from the fridge in the corner.
John did not reply. He wanted information, not what he could see and discern. He could see that the sky was a cloudless blue as they made their way towards a door, and the summer heat was moderate, but insistent, the sun shining and glinting off his jacket like a sniper’s scope.
Seeing the farm through Sherlock’s eyes helped him to relax. He forgot to remember the past when he saw the present through her eyes. John slowly made new memories at Ormond, memories that outweighed some of the old ones in their intensity and emotional resonance. Slowly, slow, he felt himself beginning to let go.
Sherlock wasn’t entirely sure that was a legal determination, but she accepted it. She was given her severance documentation, and released from hellish captivity. Her back hurt and she felt like vomiting. Still, she said nothing to her colleagues as she packed her desk and cleared her computer using security techniques Mummy had taught her in primary school, though of course they had evolved in response to new technologies.
They were turning onto the road that led to the farm when Sherlock replied, “You rushed out last week. I had to think.”
John knew that there was surveillance everywhere, and so he kept his voice low and his eyes downcast, “What are you trying to say, Greg?”
John had been to this cafe only once before, but he’d kept it in his back pocket for moments like this one. It sometimes helped to have a place to go where he wasn’t working and this place was banal and nondescript enough to be overlooked on a busy street. The small space was easily scanned for safety, and the crowded occupancy meant anything anyone said was not likely to be overheard without equipment John would probably spot.
John found himself blogging increasingly about MacPherson’s recovery, and the animal hospital began to receive cards to decorate his space and charitable donations from MacPherson’s growing fanbase. A girl in university stopped him on the tube to ask after him and he had his own hashtag on Twitter. It surely seemed that people had rallied behind him, but it was nothing on the exactitude with which Sherlock approached pet ownership.
The comments soon outpaced most of his other posts, and it was clear that the shop assistant had been largely correct. People loved MacPherson. Not, however, as much as the woman who had suffered her own personal brand of hell because she wanted him to have the experiences that came along with life. It was clear that Sherlock had sent a message today.
John could not believe how quickly they jumped from rehoming the animal to talking about things like names. Somehow, that sealed the deal for him. Sherlock loved this dog. She loved him enough to admit it. He could not take something she loved from her, not if he wanted to live with himself. John gave up caring that he was sopping wet, and stepped closer to Sherlock, the rocks under his feet shifting. “Really?”
Sherlock would never through her familial weight around, for her own reputation far exceeded anything Mycroft might have done. However, what she wanted to do buy him some time to have her alias put into John’s records.
John knew where Greg’s concerns were rooted. He wasn’t exactly known for committing to women. In the time Greg had known him, he’d barely dated, and the stories his mates had told about Three Continents Watson hadn’t exactly painted a flattering picture of John as a partner. What his mates had said in Greg’s hearing hardly assured Greg that anything with Sherlock was more than an aberration.
John hadn’t checked his phone in nearly a day. Sherlock hadn’t gone out, and neither had he, and there had been no real reason to keep it on his person. John stumbled backwards slightly, “It’s really nice of you to drop by to see MacPherson.”
This man seemed to be the only person that could cause him to focus, and not feel like time was spinning. John figured out that he was the only guard to whom he voiced every thought in his head. He visited others once. Him, though, he’d seen at least twenty times. He had long ago stopped questioning why he was flattered and calmed by his attentions.
The gibbon panted. John saw the gibbon, a few rare birds, a few rodents of some sort, and cages he’d rather avoid if possible. Living in the desert for so long had given him something of a phobia of spiders. It’d been a joke for his mates, but right now, he knew that if it meant saving the spiders, he’d carry them with his bare hands.
Greg’s reaction was normal, but John wasn’t going to allow Greg to make this about him, not right now. They needed to focus on Sherlock, who was looking at Greg as though he had grown three heads.
“Well, then thank God I got Bella to call the vet. Go away.” Sherlock demanded venomously, petting the scruffy creature, who was panting for air in a way that told John he’d been badly beaten and left for dead with a punctured lung and broken ribs, “I’m not leaving him and I can’t move him myself. Go back to your date.”
“I’m not sorry you quit.” Sherlock declared, staring down the road, looking confidently into a future he himself could not see but trusted to be there because she alone saw it.
She kept the John that wanted to hold her locked tightly away. Instead, she conferred with Captain Watson, standing in a tent in some war torn locale that was home to the biggest sky that Sherlock had ever seen, either in reality or in her mind. This John typically helped her solve cases, avoid being shot, and told her how to fend off attackers. Now, though, he simply stood out in the sand, staring down at a pair of dog tags and a helmet that bore his name.
John resolved to do as she directed, and kissed her soundly, being careful to mind her cracked rib and her bruised side as she pulled him closer, wrapping her uninjured arm around his neck to keep him closer, as if he had any intention of going anywhere.
She paused, and John saw a flick of recognition cross her face. He steeled himself for some comment, but all she said was, “Clean up after yourself.” She reminded him, “There’s a kit in the cupboard, use whatever you like.”
John supposed women that performed autopsies together bonded. Sherlock and Molly had a uniquely profound bond that wasn’t traditionally apparent, but was forged of iron.
“You may go, Felmour. We won’t require any assistance.” Mycroft Holmes allowed, his words propelling the rumpled man to do the door. He glared at John, as though he was too crass and violent to even be breathing the same air, and exited.
“I know a ‘go away so I can read my letters in peace’ when I hear one, Captain.” Murray chortled, tipping his hand jauntily, “Do give my regards to the missus, and if she’s so obliged, tell her I’m cool with polyamory.”
“Marsh and John will suit.” Sherlock declared, striding down past the stalls and out to look toward the pastures that flanked the drive.
“What, nothing.” Nan replied, as was her with impertinent questions badly phrased, “I’m happy to have you home, and hope you’ll stay.”
These were the people whose power and indifference had seen him booted out the Army, a worker bee amongst others. He would have risen in rank. He never would, not now.
Sherlock merely rolled her eyes at the maleness of their exchange, and completed the combing almost instantly. Likely, she had timed herself with exactitude, and summoned him at a precise interval. Sherlock patted Fritz, and exited the stall.
“Mummy.” Mycroft’s voice was pained beneath its disapproval, “Do you routinely make so free with sensitive information? I shudder to think at the state of world affairs.”
John speared some cubed chicken, and dragged it across his plate, soaking up a bit more soya sauce. “It’s pretty risky to use your own name as an alias, Sherlock.”
Sherlock merely chuckled and headed up the stairs. “You have to be up hideously early for the shoot.”
Lestrade followed Sherlock’s lead, and kept this professional, though John knew that the man who had taught Sherlock to fire a gun and ride the Tube was breaking inside. He could see it in the way Greg was clenching his pen, the way his body was rigid in his chair.  “Did he say anything to you then?”
“And you’re just the kindly transport service,” John seethed, “with monkeys chained up and drugged in dog crates and birds taped up in boxes. You’ve been doing this for a decade. Interpol wants you. America’s itching. Canada’s being downright nasty in their earnest desire to see you handed over. Latin America’s ablaze. Even China wants you. There isn’t a country in the world that isn’t itching to flay your skin from your bones.”
He did not seem offended though John knew he could not tell for certain what the man was thinking, “I went into public service after Cambridge, and thereby, occupy a minor position in the government.”
John looked up. The car stopped. He decided that if he approached it, his bread wouldn’t squish like it would if he kept tramping about the city. He’d been at a job interview at some posh clinic in Hampstead. They’d taken one look at his cane and his shaking hand and written him off. War was hell on the CV.
John wedged himself onto the small vacant space on the sofa. Sherlock set down MacPherson’s medical bag, not trusting even John to carry it properly, never mind the fact that he had carried far more volatile substances than pain medication, antibiotics, and anti-nausea medications. Nevertheless, Sherlock had appointed herself in charge of MacPherson’s medication schedule, and John was fine with letting her have at it. He was fine with treating humans, but felt something of a cad for making animals take medications, owing likely to a childhood cat who had taken her diabetes diagnosis as a personal insult.
Sherlock had originally assumed, on perusal of the file, that they would be colleagues. After all, she was a scientist. He was scientist. She was devoted to empirical findings, in maintaining order in the world. He was devoted to finding meaning, seeking truth, though he found the truth in the most illogical ways. She had not, until this in-person observation, been entirely certain they would get along as people.
Still, they finished their meal and got on with the trip. He felt hesitation churning in his gut. Going back home was so strange. He tried to avoid it, largely because he was at war within himself. He wanted to be there, but he didn’t want to put back in the boxes he had worked so hard to break when he left. He wasn’t that kid anymore.
“MacPherson likes them.” Sherlock declared, adding more newsprint to her blazing fire. John wondered if he should cook his breakfast there or on the stove, not that he had time for anything more than tea and toast, “Do not stifle his individual preferences, John.”
“Of course, Nan.” John promised her, lifting her luggage into the boot, “Don’t worry about a thing here.”
“You’ll want to avoid the mold cultures on the coffee table.” Sherlock shrugged on a light jacket, picked up her phone, and moved toward the door.
“I don’t abuse my animals.” Mr. Macon declared, “He’s not mine. I’m the go-between for an influential client who wants their investment back. Await further instructions. I know you prefer to text.”
“John’s been badly injured in theatre.” Gavin revealed, his voice choked with tears, “Very badly injured. They do not expect him to survive his flight to Germany.”
“Sherlock.” John did not want her to explain elementary bomb making to a bunch of suits. There were things even they did not need to know. “Your mold cultures...”
John did not need to expound on how he was never supposed to have ever used details he’d picked up from the corpse to learn his name, nor was he to ever become personally involved with his story. And yet, he had used his ability to, in Sherlock’s terms, deduce to do just that. John felt no shame over it. It simply wasn’t something he had ever told anyone.
“I should not wish to be in your head, John.” Sherlock huffed, turning back to her knitting. Evidently, she had made some flame-resistant fibers that she was going to begin testing. John thought the square looked rather like a pot holder or trivet, not that he was going to accuse her of such mundane activity.
After a few seconds, he felt like an absolute cad. Sherlock had only ever tried to help him, support him, be there for him. And yet, he had thrown everything she had ever done for him in her face because he felt powerless right now. That wasn’t okay, it wasn’t fair to her, and it wasn’t something he intended to let fester between them.
Most of the lunch was taken up by the aforementioned teens. John took the obligatory selfie with them, and then made polite suggestions that they head along. Sherlock was bored, and he didn’t want the bloom to go off the rose before he could shovel in his Cobb salad.
“John, I swear I can explain.” Sherlock’s face was bloodless, but her voice was rock solid as Trevor pointed the gun at her heart, “It’s not what it seems.”
“Victor Trevor.” Molly seethed, “He was a graduate student. If you ask me, he paid far too much attention to Sherlock. She wasn’t even eighteen when he set his sights on her.”
One could not run a farm from London, not while being a doctor with a stuffed practice, and certainly not while being Sherlock’s blogger. Sherlock, despite the fact that she went on about beekeeping, belonged in the City. She belonged with that bustle. It was in her blood. He would no sooner ask her to leave than he would consign her to a life of rustication. She was Sherlock bloody Holmes, and Sherlock Holmes was suited to the well-heeled environs of Chelsea and the seedy goings-on that went behind that polished veneer. She was devoted to digging in the skips and dives and squatters haunts and seeing the real and honest human strength found in those spaces.
John couldn’t remember a time in recent memory that a person had done something just for him, not because he was Elspeth’s son, and he could hear people talking now, even years later. P
John merely arched an eyebrow. “I was a solider as well as a doctor, Sherlock, not just the other way round.”
Inside the box were a myriad of practical items, unscented nappy wipes, foot warmer snaps, and various and sundry items that somebody had probably asked around and determined soldiers needed. John checked again to make sure it was addressed to him when he spied tins in the bottom of the box, nestled amongst paperback books that could be shared. Between the two metal tins, there was a entire carton of candies to pass out to the kids, and so whoever had packed this was a pretty thoughtful person.
He then made a sweep of the building, and found several bugs. Some of them looked very Mycroftian, but he couldn’t be too cautious. He obliterated them with the heel of his brogues and pocketed the detritus. He knew that act alone would have a black car at the flat before he arrived, if only to allow its occupant vent fraternal displeasure.
Lucy Woodbine hated London. She clicked at her phone’s home button again, and almost growled as it displayed an alert. She hated London. It wasn’t done to admit it, but it was true. London ranked only above the Atlanta airport at three in the morning. That place still gave her nightmares. And people say the Tube is complicated. Still, getting lost in Atlanta aside, she hated London.
She huffed when John reached and tried to get his phone back, “Lucy, give me the phone.” Oh, that was his Captain Watson voice. She just bet Sherlock folded like paper when he heard that, went weak in those gangly knees. It sounded like petulant posturing to her. “Give it.”
John dropped his head to his hands. Why did the entire world persist on thinking that they were married, when he knew for a fact neither of them wore rings. They had fucking eyes, didn’t they? Fanciful busybodies, the whole lot of them.
“Do not spew nonsense, John.” Sherlock considered her words, pulling the sheet that had ended up between them away, to more fully settle against his chest, “Actually, please do. I will debase you of your antiquated notions. I find myself in possession of considerable goodwill towards you at the moment. I do wish you wouldn’t squander it.”
John would bet the contents of their savings account that Hawker had not taken them as directed, and had rationed them when he felt pain, meaning that the infection had come back with a vengeance. John conducted a cursory examination, glad that he carried a small kit with him most everywhere, though it was geared toward more Sherlockian emergencies than anything else. “You’re going to need that abscess drained, an oral rinse, and antibiotics, mate.”
Sherlock elaborated as John filled in search boxes. “He’s from Norfolk. His father is a landowner, a minor community figure.”
“Are you always this optimistic?” Janet laughed, “Optimistic or deluded, either works. We’re happy to have you, Dr. Watson.”
There came a welcome voice in the doorway less than three, empty, biting, hours later. Sherlock was writing on the dining room wall. He’d meant to repaint it anyway. The blood-red marker she was using made the room look like a murder scene. “I do hope you realize, Sherlock, that four million pounds is not a sum I carry in my wallet.”
In time, John forgot but the themes  of every interaction he’d had at Landsthul. He remembered that they told him he had a wife, but didn’t remember exacting details. It was common in trauma patients, he knew, to forget the first few days after a major trauma.
Sherlock knew that wasn’t true. She would rush home and call her mother, and then her aunt, who had married an American man and given up a perfectly decent homeland for a place with too much fast food and no appreciation for accessorizing. Still, Sherlock’s sole aim was that this girl not tell John.
“Truths have meanings, implications, consequences.” Sherlock replied, “If you can acknowledge a truth, you have to accept those, build upon them, act upon them. You have yet to do so, though I suffer no such paralysis.”
The man poured a cup of tea and added just the right amount of John’s additions. John didn’t roll his eyes at the confirmation of whom had been behind the ongoing surveillance. It was so bloody showy and obvious.
There were so many boxes that Sherlock often dreamed of them burying her, of drowning in the knowledge and truth of John Watson. It was sometimes enough to make her brain slow and her breathing even. When everything was too much or not enough, she surrounded herself with every bit she had of John Watson, and for a single second, she felt enough balance to go onward. It was simply that she had been deducing John for years, and the way she organized him in her mind reminded her of systems and logical deduction.
“You are foolish.” Sherlock retorted, her voice soft and soothing, not for the man before her, but for her dog, “You have no plans to reveal anything you think you know.”
Captain Watson was too formal. She might as well march up to him and declare, “Treat me like one of your subordinates, John! Take an interest in my career and tell your mates I’m like the little sister you never had!” She’d have better luck tripping over him in these handmade platform heels and letting her eyes go wide and telling him that she loved him for who he was, and she really wanted to name their eldest son Hamish, because that wouldn’t scare him or have him advocating for a psychological evaluation, of course it wouldn’t.
Carefully, John unfolded the paper, wondering if he’d walked into someone’s op or had a hit out on him. It wouldn’t be the first time either of those things had happened to him, after all. He was completely in the dark right now, though, and wouldn’t have any contact until he blended into the people sliding onto military transport in the morning. He was John Watson, and he had very little protection beyond his own skills and will to be alive in the moment.
John remembered this tidbit of personal experience when he was able to begin to lead a peer group focusing on veterans issues. He’d not served with any of the men and women in the group, but they quickly bonded. It was nice to have a space to give back, to feel useful and wanted and vital. He’d remembered Harry’s words of wisdom and brought a treat each week, until someone else had taken up the idea. They now had a refreshment rota.
Not again, John thought as he picked up the phone. Mycroft must have an obsession with crappy spy films. “Good afternoon, Mycroft.”
The whole place had been repainted, the stove replaced, the flooring repaired. There was nothing to suggest that anything had gone awry, at any point. Their things were perfectly placed in their haphazard fashion on the table. The only clues that someone had been here were the awareness that the flat was spotlessly clean and the bouquet in the vase on the counter.
In her haste, she knocked into a body who was also headed for her spot, her spot with cell reception, colliding chest to chest with a stocky man wearing a button-down. A steely hand with a gentle grip steadied her, and her apple juice, just before the force knocked her backwards, “You alright there, Luce?”
She moved away, and within a few moments of her exit, Sherlock came out in the blue-purple silk dress, and stood in the doorway, “This is sufficient. God, tea at the Landmark. Tedious. You’re writing the thank you notes.”
Sherlock read his thoughts easily, and laughed musically, her tongue darting out to taste the sweat along his clavicle. John thought now might be a good time to start going through the periodic table, but his eyes and resolve were held captive by the gentle way Sherlock kissed the scratch her zipper had left along his wrist.
Sherlock’s eyes widened in genuine surprise. John addressed her and her alone, “I can put two and two together and end up with four, Sherlock. I don’t call it deduction, but I can make a passable attempt at inductive reasoning.” There was a reason that Mycroft had thought them uniquely suited, after all. He understood that some might find her picking up where the file left off a bit off-putting, but truly, he knew that Sherlock had been true to herself, and he would never ask that she be anyone else.
He simply wished that the game didn’t include Sherlock stuck in a pipe, likely with a dead body, when it should have found her here, beside him, two steps ahead of him.
MacPherson padded along beside Sherlock as they headed out onto the pavement. She stood at the boot, deducing the space available to them. Ignoring the throb of his foot, John lugged the cases and set them in an impressive pile. The customers at Speedy’s were staring, and John didn’t need to be a highly trained soldier to know that the photos they were taking would soon end up on Twitter.
“Do cease in the direction of your thinking.” Sherlock grinned, “There are more pressing matters to address than your passing thoughts of intercourse.”
Sherlock came back into the room, having fetched something from the toy bin in her room. “Here, MacPherson, this will provide you with mental stimulation and emotional comfort.” Sherlock placed the squeaking elk on the sofa on the inside. She leaned over John to place it, and John gamely kept his gaze who was wholly unappreciative of the glimpse of pale flesh above them. “It is an alces alces. They have been extinct here since the bronze age. However, they are commonly understood to be a symbol of Canada and there are called moose.”
She did not answer it. Instead, she shoved it at John, who found himself saying, “Hello?” Feeling strange, he added, “Sherlock Holmes’s phone.”
MacPherson leaped off of the bed, rattling all of the pictures on the walls, and proceeded to lope back towards Sherlock. “MacPherson.” Sherlock declared, “I must inform you that although I do not sleep as a general rule, I am very tired. My parents are trying creatures. You will feel better if you sleep.”
John shoved his hand through his hair, and turned away, having forgotten to lock the car after moving it. “I forgot to lock the car.”
“Oh, and you’re supposed to be chemist!” Sherlock declared, picking up her handbag and stomping out of the bathroom.
Of course, the routines themselves changed over time, but they emerged after a period of change without fail. Once settled, became part of the fabric of his day, only to be changed by things like bombings, shootings, or the acquisition of a pet from a drainage tunnel. John appreciated his routines, valued how they bookended utter insanity.
John opened his mouth to speak, to deny his relationship, but Lucy gestured gently, and the wind left John’s sails. Mike looked so happy that poor old Johnny couldn’t say one word.
Good man. John surveyed the crowd. Maybe giving an unstable man a gun and the ability to scream at people wasn’t the best idea.
John had no doubt that she would have a bevy of findings ready for dissemination upon Nan’s return. John wasn’t sure she quite wanted the input, but Sherlock’s heart was in the right place. She knew Nan was getting on in years, and was trying to lighten her load.
John was tired, he was hungry, and he’d pushed back their dinner reservations once already. “If you’ve something to say, say it. I don’t play word games.”
Scrolling through data, and clicking through screens, John surmised that the young Mr. Trevor had capitalized on his connections to minor gentry and D-list celebrities to gain entry into his circles, though it was clear from those in the ballroom that Mr. Trevor was tolerated with bare civility, and nothing more.
Three weeks after opening his doors, he had faced his fate and reached out to local training colleges for a medical office assistant. He’d been sent Mickey, a young man working now at the clinic for internship hours, and precious little pay. He was a good lad, even if he was unnaturally attached to his white trainers and splashing out on clothing that announced his arrival before he himself had entered shouting distance.
“And if I don’t?” Sherlock retorted, calmly and coldly, as though her back wasn’t pressed to library bookcases, as though there wasn’t some man looming in her space, a predator.
She accepted the truth in his words as John hobbled out to the parked car, refusing to allow her to pull up to the door like he was some kind of poor sod who couldn’t even leave this place under his own power. “I know it’s not about me, but I’m uncomfortable with the idea of you being so alone in London.”
She and MacPherson were striding away from him when John was left to catch up, both mentally and spatially when it dawned on him that, perhaps, and just perhaps, she had done just that. John shoved his hands in his pockets and hastened along.
A low chuckle emanated from the man who was now prone on his back. “You don’t curse so much in my head.”
John was content to watch the people, but they weren’t content to observe him, for several people went of their way to be genial. A comfortable looking woman in a pastel suit ended up standing next to him, “Oh, hello.”
John took inventory of his stock, making a mental list of the supplies he would need, as the basic tools he would really rather have to begin a practice. A lot of more modern tools walked a line for him between a want and a need, and so he made another mental list and decided to discuss them with Sherlock.
“Father, you know as I do that the journey was not significantly delayed. We arrived precisely as we said we would do.” Sherlock accepted her father’s greeting in her typical fashion, “You will excuse me, I am taking MacPherson to the garden.”
“Your flat provides nits and tetanus.” John insisted. He wanted to give himself a booster just being in there for an hour at most.
The bespectacled man came forward to shake John’s hand warmly, “I’m well, John, very well. I heard you were home from Afghanistan and I just had to stop by and say hello. I didn’t think to get your number and give you a ring. How are you?”
“I cannot think what you would presume to use as cause.” Sherlock declared, shoving her hands back into mittens like a sensible person, “It is perfectly reasonable to be out for a stroll.”
The man stepped to face John, a respectful but intent distance, “Hm. Pain in the shoulder. Gun rests uneasily. Possible disdain for cats. Middle class. Possible second generation grenadier.”
John did not call her brilliant. He couldn’t make his mouth work. He swallowed his biscuit along with the praise that had almost spilled forth, “Is that all?”
He followed MacPherson out of the room, and towards Sherlock, who had already lifted the boot and begun to stare at her cases, “Why do they insist on infantilizing me?” Sherlock blurted to no one, “I am twenty-one years of age, nearly twenty-two.”
She had enough data for projections, projections that were altered fundamentally. No longer did she see John as someone with whom to compete, but rather to collaborate. Many great scientists had benefited from the collaboration that only came when they found another mind uniquely suited to their aims. She was entirely confident she had found that person in John Watson.
He looked rather sheepish, “I sat down to work on some paperwork and realized that I’d written down what I’d heard. I meant to toss it, but perhaps there is a providential reason I forgot.” He extended a folded piece of paper, “Maybe it will jog your memory.”
John studied Victor. He was far unlike the man John had met in the country. John had known his gentleman of ease persona had been a hard facade to manage, for it had slipped a great deal in moments of stress. He supposed it always shocked him, seeing people without their masks.
“I shall not be goaded.” Sherlock bit back a smile, though it did not quite crest in her eyes. He realized then that she was hesitant, not on her account, but his own. “You’ll just have to wait.”
Sherlock was silent as Lestrade called crime scene. He did not call Anderson, which John supposed was a nod to Lestrade’s gut instincts.
Therefore, John strode into the room as though he owned the place, as best he could, and took up a flute. He knew it would shake in his hand and slosh over the top of the glass, but he had no intention of eating, so this was a compromise. He had, therefore, to display an ease he did not feel.
“Good lord.” John glanced at Lucy, and Lucy took some pity on his poor soul. They were close in age, the same year in school. “Lucy?”
Before he could reply, the door swung open anew. It was Lestrade. He took in the scene before him, and though he could not see the electricity in John’s blood nor the fire in Sherlock’s eyes, he did apologize, adding, “I never would have let him go on thinking that was sensible, just so you know.” His assessing eyes darted between Sherlock and John, “Dinner?”
Sherlock took a few seconds to steel herself. Carefully, she pressed a gentle kiss to the only unbruised part of John’s face not covered by tube, tape, gauze, and wire. “I love you, John Hamish Watson. May you know it as I know it.”
There was one thing he needed to say, one thing he needed to make sure Sherlock understood. “He violated you, Sherlock.”
The penny dropped then, and he realized that he was having a very frank discussion with Sherlock, not as a professional, but as someone whom she felt needed to know that she was taking this step. The probabilities of future occurrences, clearly, related to either sex or pregnancy, and given that she was taking steps to prevent pregnancy, he felt it very obvious that she was informing that she was open to a sexual relationship. In theory. With someone.With him?
The woman working the office had clearly heard the name before, because her brown eyes widened. “What can I do—” she looked at the motley crew in front of the intake desk, and continued, “for all of you?”
She elbowed her cousin in the stomach, and had a nanosecond to read the text. Unfortunately, the phone went skittering out of her grasp, and flew forward, landing at the feet of a portly man in a brown suit jacket, who looked quite harried as he entered the room, just before the conference began.
John noticed then that Sherlock looked largely distracted. He pressed her for information gently, and she turned a gimlet stare onto his face. He allowed her to deduce whatever she wanted from his expression and his person. To pretend like it wasn’t both consensual and welcomed on his part was absurd.
There was a Wafflemeister down the road, near Baker Street Station. Sherlock liked it there, even if the place was glutted with tourists. She hadn’t eaten today, maybe she had stopped to deduce people and eat part of a waffle. At the very least Jorge at the counter would know if she had been around today. She’d found his pet cat, and now they got free waffles all the time. Well, if the manager wasn't in, that was. John always paid, but Sherlock considered her services plenty of compensation.
“Mycroft.” It was then that John gained the satisfaction of ratting the elder Holmes out to his partner. He’d seen him around before, but had always called him Umbrella Man.  “I thought you promised to let him figure his friendships out by himself. He’s a big boy, doesn’t need us setting up playdates anymore. Poor sod.”
John wanted to march into that ballroom and settle this, once and for all. A dying man would certainly reveal the location of her notes, if only to keep breath in his lungs. She had been a seventeen year old girl with a diary and Victor had held their contents over her head. He wanted to hold her, wanted to make this go away, wanted to vindicate her. She was Sherlock Holmes, and she needed no champion, save the one she had within herself. However, she did have a loyal sidekick, and so John simply smiled, “What’s the plan?”
April led him through security and through the winding corridors. She attempted to make small talk, not knowing that the silence suited John just as well. “Captain, we certainly welcome you to New York…”
It was over in a scant moment, a happy, heated, breathless exchange of heat and light and sensation. John saw unfathomable truths in Sherlock’s eyes. She wanted the doctor, the blogger, the solider, the spy, the man. She accepted the whole of who he was, and she knew the whole of him, and still she wanted him.
John waited for the clatter and scrabble of giant paws. They had given Carter strict instructions that the dogs were to stay in the house in the absence. He had revisions to do, and so John had thought that this rule would help the kid get his work done and keep curious dogs out of trouble.
“No.” Sherlock’s tone was absent from her voice, and the fact that he could discern nothing of her feelings told him everything he needed to know about her internal state. “He did not mention what he felt he knew until I was under the influence, and powerless to contradict him.”
John’s gaze met Sherlock’s, and he swallowed. She had changed him. Her very presence in his life was a chemical reaction that had refined him elementally. The John Watson he had been seconds before bumping into her in that corridor bore little resemblance to the man he was today. She had changed him, helped him become more himself, more of his fundamental self, simply by accepting him.
John resolved to investigate those flowers a bit more. They’d already had the dubious pleasure of decontamination showers before being given clothes from their wardrobes here at Baker Street. John had popped Sherlock’s shoulder back into place, taped her ribs, treated her bruises, and assured himself that her health was not, at least presently, further compromised.
Sherlock deduced him in a second, and nodded her assent. He needed air. MacPherson and Chowley loping at his side, John cut out of the kitchen through the side door. The old swing still creaked in the breeze as he followed the worn stone path past the fairy cottages hidden in the garden and to the boot. John unloaded all of the bags onto the front porch, and forced himself to breathe yet more.
“I said no!” Sherlock screamed, and underneath it, John heard something breaking in her voice. He knew that Mycroft had to have heard it as well, and before he knew what he was about he’d thrown open the door. There was a time for shock and awe, and this was one of those times. Sherlock was enraged, white-faced, and standing, spine ram-rod straight by the fireplace, as Mycroft sat at his desk, with yet another of his damn files. John wanted to grab the damn thing and make him eat it, shove it down his throat. Rage surged, cool and clarifying, in his blood.
Mycroft sighed, and slid into the SUV. He no doubt despaired of her entrepreneurial spirit, but Sherlock could see herself now. She intended to go to London, solve cases, and explore the intrigue and danger that awaited her with mindfulness and gusto. After all, London was a world unto itself.
“No, of course not.” Sherlock returned, looking at him as though he had taken leave of his senses, “I have quite enough enemies. He knows my opinions towards him as a person. I do nothing without good reason, John.”
John’s heart paused in his chest as he turned and found Sherlock beneath him. There was nothing but truth in that statement. He’d intended to contradict her, just to hear her laugh, just to rile her. Instead, John gasped into Sherlock mouth, and celebrated that truth.
John slammed the button in his box, and rushed to the man’s aid. This wasn’t a drunken stagger.  When he got there, he saw that it was Sherlock. His aristocratic body was curled around a wound that was pouring blood. “Fucking hell, Sherlock, fucking hell.”  John knelt down, and quickly assessed the situation. Airway was fine, pulse was a little erratic. He was losing blood, but he’d survive the trip to A&E. John wasn’t doing surgery here, but he could if he needed to do so.
Sherlock sobbed in Lestrade’s arms. She had not cried in front of another living soul in her memory. And yet, she cried openly and brokenly for John Watson. Tears still seeped from her body with every other sob. She shook so hard that Lestrade physically placed her in the chair and then shoved his partner out of the door to give them a minute.
April led him to the lifts, and began to talk animatedly about her various haunts that she recommended to visitors. John listened in good humor, wondering if the other occupants were quite as bemused at the idea that he would have time to sightsee. John had a book in his pack, and the only thing he planned to do this evening was check in with his contact and go back to reading The Hobbit.
John had not been able to do anything reach out to various contacts. He had made some progress, but felt useless. There had been no communication. He knew the ports and motorways were on alert, but what little Carter had been able to remember about the vehicle had yielded nothing thus far. Evie had driven a shaken Carter home for the night.
John jolted when he saw the pale expense of her chest appear between the buttons she was parting very casually, as if her mind was still on her deductions. “I’ll just wait out there until you pick one.”
He had called several times in the last few days, but nothing so blood-chillingly on point as this moment. John could not hear the entirety of the conversation, but a penny dropped behind Sherlock’s eyes. She ended the call abruptly.
John could just imagine a young Sherlock, so befuddled and disgusted by Victor’s attentions. It made him sick. “He made passes at her?”
They weren’t even bothering to blend. The driver knew where he lived, which John had known because the damn car had been in front of his bedsit for days without fail.
His suspicions were confirmed when Sherlock swallowed. “They were largely personal observations, John.”
John simply nodded, and handed Murray some water-flavoring powder packets. Jaffa cakes were nestled in one corner, along with some hobnobs. Murray, however, peered into the box and grabbed a tin. Inside, John noted, were homemade biscuits, nestled properly in food grade paper. This tin was oatmeal, proper oatmeal biscuits, clearly having been made with real butter and oats.
“I was raised around too many posh gits with mush for brains.” Mummy broke in, “And so I decided from a very early age that I would do with my children as Nanny had done with me, and raise self-sustaining people. I have never regretted it for a moment.”
John heard something catch in her voice, and changed the subject, describing in gruesome detail a case of diabetic gangrene that had popped up at the clinic last week. This, of course, led into heated scientific discourse that consumed much of the afternoon and ended in Sherlock’s lab in the garage, drawing diagrams on the whiteboard.
“There is a process to this…” A beleaguered cleaner, no doubt, replied, “I assure you that by the time I’ve finished, everything will be up to our very high standards.”
“Men in committed relationships are more likely to be hired than single men.” Sherlock informed him, “Now is not the time for emotionalism.”
John was putting milk in Molly’s coffee at the hospital canteen when he heard a voice call out, “Watson! Is that you, then?”
John left the lead on the small central table, and let MacPherson do as he pleased. Naturally, he stayed where he was until Mummy patted her thigh and declared, “There’s my good boy! Let’s go find you a biscuit!”
“Don’t be absurd.” Sherlock sniffed, leaning her weight against him, “I am establishing clear lines of communication regarding the tone and development of our relationship, as I have attempted to do no less than sixteen times over the last fortnight alone.”
John was certain she would mention nothing of that, not here, anyway. He simply hid any confusion, and replied, “I see?”
“You’re the one with a swear jar, love.” Lucy said at an undertone, earning the glare of some old doctor in a floral dress next to them, “Now fuck off and let me look at the fossil you call a phone.” She paged quickly through the android phone, hating the interface, but before she could read anything, it pinged with another text.
He questioned it as drums reverberated. Why was he here, amongst all these posh people, who had invitations and cards just like his own? John wasn’t, despite his decorated Army days, one of these people. He’d gone through Uni and his postgraduate work on the Army’s pound, he’d gone to government schools, not Harrow and Winchester.
After John protested her words, he followed the order, and hauled Sherlock out of there. They walked out much the same way they both had crawled in, and when she exited the pipe, her thin top was soaked through with groundwater from having to stand.
He questioned it when his leg began to ache from the rigid seat, and he felt his cane’s rubber tip melting against the heat of the stands.
Mr. Macon himself was a ghost, for John’s searches had yielded almost nothing. He had a former friend with benefits at the CIA doing a bit of off the record checking.
She nearly got her and MacPherson thrown out of Egerton House, where she MacPherson went for research. John thought she had simply wanted to take the dog to tea, and said nothing of the sort when she came home fuming about the whole ordeal with another patron. John made sure he had their legal representative on speed dial, waiting on tenterhooks to see if the other lady was going to sue. Thankfully, she did not bring suit against them, though if Mycroft had thwarted it, John did not ask.
“Why are you so irritating this morning?” Sherlock tended her fire carefully, actually encouraging it.
He did not like how HM’s official birthday mucked with his routines. He had a certain personal gratitude to the occasion, that was true, but he hardly wanted tourists filling London in preparation for said event on the one night he hoped to get home early. In any case, if push came to shove, he’d commander the black car that seemed to trail him overly obviously on date nights. He wasn’t above taking advantage of Mycroft’s childish teasing.
He tried to keep a very stark line between anything professional and what little he had left of himself that simply belonged to him as a man. The boy who’d left Chelmsford with big dreams and a place at King’s College was nothing like the man who sat unobtrusively at a cafe, unable to turn his brain off for one single second. He’d joined up because he’d never fit in once they’d moved for Mum’s work, and he’d thought he could belong in the Army, thought he could make a difference for people. That John had felt like he was powered by rocket fuel, and years later, he was tired of seeing and just wanted to let the engine idle once in a while.
“I really...” John tried, as Waller led him expertly through the crowds. They were heading towards the Palace. John forced himself not to stop. He’d gone into hostile territory before, this was nothing new. He had no one at his six, but that had never stopped before. Sweat beaded at his brow, and it had nothing to do with the heat. Likely, his body was trying to battle the cold chill zinging down his spine.
He felt out of place and odd in his childhood home, mostly because Sherlock was now looking down at her mug and Nan was looking between them with something very crafty in her eyes. John blurted, “What?”
The house was odd without Nan puttering in the kitchen or working in the gardens. John puttered in the kitchen at the back of the house alone. Not even Chowley wanted to keep pace beside him. Sherlock had a new admirer in Chowley, who took residence at her side and stole John’s pillow after Nan had bade him farewell and the tarrier required somewhere warm to sleep.
Never again would Weston and his superiors make an animal suffer. If seeing to that made John a bad person, then so be it. He had long ago made peace with the darkness inside of him. He would not be silent in the face of these abuses. The courts would never, and could never, track down and charge people with enough power to disappear at will and assume identities as easily as he bought a new jumper on Etsy.
John, for his part, even got to the point that he came to await the Prince of Wales’s exits, just so he had cause to salute or present arms. Unlike most, he hadn’t ever intended to be a ceremonial guard. He wanted to be on the front, somewhere he could actually use his medical training and his skills as a solider to do his bit. But according to Ella, the army shrink they had him seeing, being part of the ceremonial guard for a time would help him transition back to civi life. It was a great honor, and it was also a way to help him understand what he really was a soldier. Or so they said, not that John agreed. An honorable discharge after his injuries would have been merciful. Ella insisted that would have been to his detriment.
John felt compelled to warn her, “I don’t know if you know, but I bring a bit of baggage along with me.”
When he arrived at work, they were glutted with the first swoop of late autumn’s colds and bronchial issues. John spent the morning providing scripts for nebulizer treatments and steroids. Over lunch, John ate his insipid pot noodle, ignored the looks of interest from the nurses, and went to address Mr. Frank’s gout. It was simply nice to have a patient who had little clue who John was outside of being his doctor.
“Not as such.” She darted from the loo into her room, and John saw a flash of dark hair and a tatty designer dressing gown, “I’m going to check on my Network.”
“Oh, someone stopped me, told me you’d want PG Tips and lemon biscuits.” She smiled, “It’s all taken care of, with their thanks for your service.”
Then again, he was a member of the British Army, and his opinions only mattered insofar as they enabled him to do his job. So what if he was pissed at Fergus for fucking up that op because he’d been thinking with his dick instead of his brain? John should not blame the entire nation because it had produced one spectacular knobhead who wanted to be Sean fucking Connery with an Alabamian accent.
She would go and stay with Aunt Sophie or get a flat, depending on the location.  No matter what, she intended to get a position at the hospital where John ended up spending his convalesce. He would not wish to know her as he coped with the trauma he had experienced, but she assured herself that she would be nearby. She would stand for nothing less.
“After eight, we unlock the naked ladies and have a go at being base.” John admitted, willing to say anything to keep those bright eyes focused and alert. He would even admit that he was up for promotion, not that he wanted it.
He had less than 15 minutes before Sarah was meeting him here. He sniffed at his shirt, and determined a quick change and shave would do well enough. John shoved a bunch of academic journals into something resembling a pile, and gathered up a few mugs and deposited them in the thankfully empty basin. Thank God Sherlock had sterilized it in order to test some theory or other.
Still, John went back to work and found himself wondering if there was a free clinic outside Inverness. Mucking yet another corner of the dairy barn, John muttered to himself about insane doctors who lost their marbles north of Hadrian’s Wall. It was one thing to let go of the bad memories. It was quite another to idealize the good ones.
Sherlock rose and strode from the doctor’s study, and went back to her office. She was confident that she had done all she might do for the moment, but all the same she kept an eye on Dr. Norwood. It never occurred to her that Dr. Norwood was keeping an eye on her.
John rushed down the embankment, giving Sarah a hand as she picked her way through the darkness in sensible flats. “She was wearing Prada wedges.” He muttered to himself, wishing like hell he had a torch or night vision capabilities. “It had be at least an eight to ruin those shoes.”
John knew that if he had taken care not to hurt her physically, he had not been so careful with her emotions in the time they had been living together. He needed to apologize. “Sherlock. Don’t romanticize me. I have hurt you, been incredibly blind to your feelings, and—”
When he stopped moving, John had a shoe on the grocery carrier’s back. His palm burned from where it had come into contact with smooth skin as he’d hauled her behind him. The man was cowed by John’s foot, but his tone was indignant, even muffled by the carpet, “This is a gentleman’s club, Mr. Holmes.”
He’d not seen it for all the traffic blocking the view, but here they were, in front of a derelict apartment building, a far cry from the tidy streets of her brother’s haunts somewhere in Mayfair. There was a panda half on the curb, and an officer waiting in the hallway on the third floor. John’s leg ached, but the pain faded as he saw that the cheap door had been busted open. “Dimmock, you idiot.” Sherlock spat, “If you’ve disturbed my mold cultures...”
“A more milquetoast expression I have never heard.” Sherlock declared, moving aside some random items that clearly constituted an experiment, to stalk to the sofa, which was not, blessedly covered with the hatboxes that had been stacked on the floor nearby, “Say what you mean or say nothing at all, John.”
He wisely did not press her on the subject of Wilhelmina. It seemed rather risky, and John was not willing to make a fool of himself by exposing the fact that he did not know someone she felt he ought to know. It did not do to look under-informed, not in his line of work. John made a note of the name, and thought again of his mystery benefactress. Somehow, the name just didn’t fit his understanding of her.
John got on with his objectives, carving out a corner at the back of the nearly empty prep kitchen behind the service kitchen, using a burner that plugged into the wall and was meant for coffee in order to put a chair nearby and use the counter to set up a workspace. After a minute, he left the water on to boil with his tools and fished the tiny bottle of oral rinse out of his bag. He kept it there for various reasons, but was glad to have it for professional ones in this moment.
“Why do I put up with your absurdities?” Sherlock rolled her eyes as she stalked knowledgeably about the section, devoted to the designs of someone named Diane, “Mummy masterminded throwing MacPherson a welcoming shower, though of course she is not the hostess. I am expected to go and participate in banal socialization with women I wouldn’t let within 500 feet of MacPherson. You are not required to go. I blame the patriarchy.”
“You’re their jailor.” Sherlock declared, grabbing the knife from her lethally slim jeans and slicing through the tape that  bound their dog, the blade glinting in Lestrade’s torchlight. “You get paid to harm animals. Do you know what they do to animal abusers in prisons?”
When John took notice of the fact that blunt fingertips were digging into deltoid muscles and he yanking Sherlock’s lethally tight skinny jeans down even further as though she wasn’t still quavering with aftershocks, his higher functioning kicked on and he exhaled raggedly. This chair, while featured heavily in a great many of his more lurid fantasies, was hardly the ideal location for anything right now. “Sherlock?”
Nan cut him off with a merry laugh as she got in her friend Susan’s car to head for the airport, “Oh, do something reckless once or twice in your life. You might find you enjoy it.”
John let his eyes close for a single second. He allowed himself no other reaction. This was not about him, and to make anything she had suffered about his own emotional pain was not something he was prepared to do.
There was an Americanness to the street signs as she moved towards her destination, weaving through streets, past buildings, past men and women in military dress. Sherlock tried to remember what she and John had discussed, though she felt slightly detached from herself. Doctor John had told her she was in shock.
Yes, there were drawbacks. After all, one was standing before him, despite the fact that he’d tried to play it off as though he wasn’t in the barn. Sherlock, of course, was nowhere to be found. Chowley, farm dog that he was supposed to be, much preferred her company. Thomas, sadly, had come here and sought him out.
Sherlock’s body language screamed vague iteration, and her long legs disappeared underneath a skirt that brushed the bottom of her knees. “I’m sure it’s more than sufficient.”
He’d gone grocery shopping with the last of his funds. Might as well go to hell with a full belly, after all. John reached to tap at the window, just as it rolled down, “Something you’d like? There’s a sale on milk at Sainsbury’s.”
Sherlock had already tuned him out. She was muttering under her breath in some mixture of angry French and Italian. John hoped whatever she did in revenge was something he could observe, because he did rather enjoy her vengeful moods.
Lucy hissed as she realized just who’d prevented her from tumbling back on her arse. “Suck it, Watson. I’m getting that window spot and you’re not stopping me.”
John moved the clean laundry off of his chair, and sat down. “I’ve my own practice, after a fashion. A lot of people without leave to remain or who have refugee status or who are homeless can’t or won’t use the NHS.” John explained his meeting with Janet, “And so I’ve got a job. It pays almost nothing, but I’m trying not to worry about it.”
John blinked hard. He wasn’t hearing this, was he? Some brilliant, blindingly amazing, nutter was standing before him. John took in the £1000 coat the man wore over a bespoke suit. Certainly Seville Row. Bond street, maybe? John knew enough, given the fucking class divide in Her Majesty's Army. He could pass, if he had to, and he made it a point never to have to do so. He’d earned his rank, his degrees, same as any public school boy.
John was terribly sorry to bother the staff, who was incredibly busy. He was redirected twice to the site director. It took him a minute to find her in the bustle and din. Janet was a stern woman in her mid-fifties that had been on the front lines of the war against poverty since before John Watson had been born, and she knew it.
“She rather does,” John insisted, putting weight down through his arms as Walrus wiggled, “but if you don’t believe her, ask the copper in the corner.”
As Sherlock had predicted, it was barely a four, and they were expected to leave with Lestrade to head to his home in order to participate in the hellish ritual known as a Holmes family dinner. John did his best not to think of the Holmes’ parents as Mummy and Father, but seeing as even they called themselves Mummy and Father, the names had become something of forenames in John’s mind.
“Bah.” The elderly man rose to his feet and donned his scarf, “My Sarah’ll just be glad I headed home safely in all this bluster and ice.”
Instead, Sherlock deduced the woman. She paused. What she said in response to that deduction, changed her, introduced her to a strength she was not sure humans honestly possessed. “You have never let a patient die alone. You held their hands when mortar flashed.  You’ve helped some to say the Sh'ma when you yourself are Baptist. You close your eyes, and you wish you could give every last one of them their families, just one more time. Please.” Sherlock knew her voice was breaking, “Please.”
“I was seconds away from killing him.” Sherlock said, by way of greeting. “I fear you have done the world a disservice by cutting in, John.”
In an eight, the eight rowers are separated into groups of two. Stroke seat or eight seat sits directly in front of the coxswain. Strokes set the rhythm of the boat. Seven seat is their starboard counterpart, sevens have to be slightly smarter than the rest of the boat because they don’t have their a starboard to follow. They lead the starboards and follow the stroke.
He meets up with Mike Stamford. Mike jokes about how old they both are. John laughs along and makes a few jokes of his own. John is distant and Mike notices. They both know why he’s really there.
I will be putting terminology and other explanations at the end of every chapter to help everyone along. This is mainly because of the fact that this was supposed to be short and sweet but spiralled into three long pages and lots of tears.
“You know, my music started when I fell from trying to climb a stone in a playground. Harry laughed about it for ages. I know that she was scared. Hell, she was more scared than I was and I was the one who actually got hurt.” John said, “I was stupid. Young, yes. But also stupid.”
“You alright, Pres?” Kav came up to him, hair shaking as he rubbed a towel against his head. He held out a towel to John. John took it without hesitation and quickly wrapped it around his waist.
When John has to run down two flights of stairs to access a fire extinguisher at two o’clock in the morning, he struggles to be optimistic. His landlord started a screaming fight with him and John may have used some words that he would definitely not use around his mother.
There had been a rumour going around town that John would take after his Great Aunt Elizabeth, who had written late. She went off-key several years later.
“Stop listening to your blasted recording and help me with this box.” Holmes said, or maybe yelled. All John could see was Holmes’ rapid mouth movements. John took out one of his ear buds and made a motion for him to repeat, “Take this.” he pushed a large cardboard box into John’s arms.
“I’ve got to introduce you to somebody.” Mike tossed the apple into the air. John caught it deftly and took a bite, “Come on, then.”
He’s suffering, Mycroft says. John responds with silence. He lets his anger get the better of him. John wants absolutely nothing to do with Sherlock Holmes. If he thinks that he can come back to London unannounced and expect John to start solving bloody crimes with him again, he’s not any smarter than the rest of the human population.
They entered the tank with little to no fuss. It was a good thing too, because if that door decided to stick again John was going to have a breakdown in front of Holmes. Lestrade looked up and gave them a curt nod. John pointed out an empty seat to Holmes, told him he could set his things anywhere as long as they didn’t obscure the walkways, and tried not to bite his lip so hard when he stripped off into a unisuit.
The Boat Race is a big thing in the UK. Lots of people bet on the boats, know the crews by name, and have an overall appreciation of it. Rowers come from all over to try out for either club. Lineup selection for the race actually takes months of prep. The schedule is intensive and they still have to pass their classes.
John writes. He writes about unconditional love. A fleeting memory, a loving touch. He writes about the stars and the solar system. He writes about his heart and sentiment and chemical defects and god, all of this. He writes, for hours.
Coxswains are also held responsible for the coxbox, an electronic device that monitors stroke rate, elapsed time, and number of strokes. When attached to a headset, it works as an amplifier. Most boats have wiring and speakers throughout that allow the coxswain’s voice to be well, amplified. If it’s broken, a good coxswain will improvise and start yelling into the boat.
Mycroft was very happy. Sherlock was secretly relieved but also very ticked off at Mycroft’s gleeful, almost smug, smiles. His solution to the problem involved a chunk of sodium and the goldfish tank Mycroft liked to keep in his office. And in the end, everything turned out alright.
“Chin up there, Tom.” Lestrade projected to the boy sitting in starboard eight. Tom jutted his chin out, “No, no. Not like that.” Lestrade walked over. John gave the room a cursory glance, scanning for errors and taking note of technical mistakes.
When she is all grown up, she decides to visit her mother's grave, alone. It does not affect her like she had hoped it would.
The stern is the back of the boat, it is where the coxswain is usually located and where the skeg and the rudder is. The rudder is the thin metal square the steers these boats. The skeg keeps the boat in line. The coxswain controls the rudder with a pulley system in the stern. The coxswain sits upright in the stern and when faced with a bowloader or a bow-coxed boat, they have to crouch down into the foredeck. Losing or breaking the rudder or the skeg is very, very bad.
The first four rowers from the coxswain seat are called the stern four. The bow four are the four rowers closest to the bow. Middle four are the ones in the middle and outside four are the stern pair and the bow pair.
Mixed messages, his arse. Holmes was sending encrypted code in ten different languages. In the mornings, he’d have John’s coat and shoes ready. There was that one time he dropped off tea at John’s desk in the library. Apparently he was “dropping by to say hello”, what kind of sane person does that?
The smart thing to do was to go to a conductor, an expert on bonding and its relationship with someone’s fate. But people hardly ever do the smart thing.
As a coxswain, he had a tendency to layer up whenever he put in early mornings at Goldie. Navy sweatpants, a long sleeve older than his mum, a red bobble hat, and fucking adidas slides was a surefire way to bring all the boys to the yard. Christ, John what were you thinking? he scolded himself silently.
He had always wondered what it would be like to have his music play out in a music hall. He would only be able to visit his symphony in privacy, but to look upon the music of others! How exhilarating it would be to walk amongst hundreds of people without interacting with them at all. The very idea made him giddy with excitement.  The scores were the lifeline of the population. No one could imagine living without them, without the steady downbeat guiding them through life, without the uplift of a crescendo.
Needless to say, his brain was much more concerned about his new living situation. He started making plans to move out, maximizing time spent with Holmes doing so while coordinating with their practice times. John wanted to get out of his building as soon as possible and he reasoned that his quality of life had tripled ever since Holmes asked him to be his flatmate.
“No, that’s alright. I’ll be back in an hour. If not, something interesting happened.” Sherlock’s eyes lit up with the last sentence.
Lestrade reminded them that any funny business with the freshmen was not to be permitted. After weigh ins, there was to be an outdoor cooldown and then a final meeting with the coaching staff. Again, he reminded them not to bother with any mischief regarding the freshmen. Absolutely no repeats of last year. Lestrade glared at Kav and Bill when he said this.
The grave marker is the only thing she’ll ever know of her mother. She won’t know Mary’s smile or her unrelenting patience or the way she hummed songs whenever she hoovered. He wishes he could change that.
They have a good life together. She takes mostly after Mary but she has John's blue eyes and the same sad smile. And John thinks that it is enough.
“Lestrade likes us to take note of first impressions. So we can separate the dickheads from the decent and morally educated.” John conceded.
Boys were running around, chasing one another, yelling creative obscenities. Others flushed the toilets constantly, in hopes of blasting the boys showering with arctic cold water. Still others wrote and drew on the whiteboard that displayed the workouts and Bill was complimented profusely on his talent for drawing male genitalia.
Her hair is dark and she’s taller than John by half of an inch. She laughs at John’s jokes. They get dinner every Tuesday. It’s calm and generic and domestic. He tells himself that this is enough. It is more than enough.
Rowing is centered around boats called shells. The difference between a shell and a boat is that a shell is designed solely for racing and exercise. Racing shells are long and narrow, as opposed to an actual boat.
“McMahon was a good for nothing slacker who sat around waiting for his paychecks.” Bill remarked, “And Adler is hot as fuck.”
“Girl in your intro chem class. Generic name, probably Elizabeth or Abigail. Only said yes to this date because she’s hoping you take her somewhere expensive. Parents cut her off. Stress eats her roommate’s food instead of buying her own. Roommate’s out of town. She’s interested in her Psych professor. Been trying to have intercourse with him for months. If she wears slingbacks tonight, she already has and is going to drop you. If she wears t-straps, she’s decided to settle for you instead.” Holmes stopped, looking expectantly at Bill. Some of the freshmen still hadn’t gotten over Holmes’ deductions, the poor souls
