“Not a lot of people do, actually I think I can count on one hand the amount of people that know, but I also know that there’s someone out there for you, and it’s probably someone really close, you just have to open up to the possibility of that relationship happening.”
She placed a box in his hand, “This is everything you asked for, but take care of it because I am not sure if we can get anymore of the one you brought with you.”
“Hey,” Steve said as he stopped in front of Tony. “I just finished my shift at Starbucks and remembered that you’d be here so I thought you’d like to try this,” Steve gave him the full cup of coffee and Tony felt like he’d been blindsided for a moment before taking the cup from him.
“Sure, I have time,” he said before gesturing for them to talk in the hallway, leaving the others to work on the gauntlet without any interruptions.
“She’s good, she moved back to England over the summer, but she’s doing great,” Sharon then turned her attention to Steve, and he didn’t know what to think about what was happening. “If I had known,” she said to Steve, even though he was still a little dumbstruck.
The moment that Steve walked into the room Tony almost jumped out of his skin, mainly because he hadn’t been paying too much attention until he felt a warm cup on his face. Tony already knows that it’s the same one that Steve had made him before, he can taste it before it’s even in his mouth and he’s too excited about it.
Steve grumbled as he attempted to get comfortable, the pillow helped but even Tony knew that that position wouldn’t be comfortable for anyone to sleep in. It’s a good thing he had plans for when Steve woke up, a lot of really dirty plans, but hey, they didn’t call him the futurist for nothing.
“I’m here to see my friend,” he said to her. “I guess I should have come over more often than I did.”
Tony had gotten the most expensive bouquet of flowers Steve had ever seen, and there was no stopping Tony from buying them. “I want your mom to like me,” Tony said as they walked out.
“Now they’re leaving me,” Tony said his voice sad, it had been nearly five years since the snap, five years of them all growing and getting to know each other.
It didn’t take too long after that for Tony to come all over his own stomach, hell he would have kept going when Steve pulled away and swiped a bit of it off and licked it off of his fingers. “Fuck,” Tony said but Steve kept going, pushing Tony’s overly sensitive body further and further over the edge.
“Oh,” Steve said, he had been so preoccupied with getting ready for the party, he had forgotten that he had given his father Tony’s stories, and some art that Steve himself had drawn, as a way to keep Captain America around, but under him and not his father, with his drawings and Tony’s writing, he had also wanted to bring Iron Man into the story as well as all of the characters that Tony had created.
Yet, whenever Steve drove into the city without Tony, he couldn’t help but feel the weight of the guilt that crushed him from the inside. The feeling of what if they had done this differently, what if Steve had called first instead of waiting for Tony to do so, what if he had told Tony the truth before everything got out of hand. He knew that Tony had the same thoughts, the nightmares he sometimes had were a testament to that fact. They talked about it, Tony sometimes came to meetings with Steve and Miles, but in the end the best healing that his husband has done is in taking care of the kids. Steve would have never seen himself as a family man, he told Tony that that life was long gone, but in the end, Tony was the one that had given him hope, hope for something bigger, hope for more, and he loved him all the more for it.
“Fine, but I’m buying my own supplies,” he complained but they all knew that he wanted to go, even if it’s for their sakes, he loved his friends had he mentioned that.
The razor was sharp against his skin, but he hadn’t really noticed, it was strange that what he was seeing for the first time in a long time was what the journey had done to him. Even when the beard was gone, and his face looked as it once had, he saw that he had aged. He was older in so many ways, even though Tony would tell him that he had a baby face, he knew that he was no longer that boy from Brooklyn, the man out of time, he had found his place in his new world, all that was truly keeping him back was himself and he hated it. He hated that small part of him that had tried to hard to hold onto something that no longer existed, Bucky had been his link to the past, so had been Peggy, but he didn’t need them to remember who he had once been. He saw it in the way he had carried on for the last few years, but he needed to move on, the past was just that in the past and all the was left was an uncertain future.
“I don’t know about this,” Tony said but Steve just pulled him towards the door. “The last time I came here it was a disaster.”
“Need some help there,” Riri said as she landed next to him in her Iron Heart suit, the same colors as Tony’s Iron Man suit, with a little hint of his daughter.
“Nope, not today, you promised,” Nat said leaning back onto him. “We’re having dinner today as in now,” she was giving him that look where anything and everything she said was law. “Jan says the best dining hall is the one we’re next to and we’re going.”
“He’s on a date, so I doubt he’ll answer the phone at all,” he said quickly knowing that when Bucky was with his someone, he wouldn’t answer the phone, the guys thought it was because Bucky was trying to get laid, but mostly it was because Steve’s parents had a no phones at the table rule, and at the moment he was glad that Bucky had learned to follow it while they grew up.
“Oh, you gotta be shitting me,” he said as he saw who was in front of him. Tony would have made a comment about his language at this point, but honestly Steve was ready to just give up on everything. He couldn’t believe that he was staring at himself, a blast from the past, as Tony would have said.
“Well it’s up to you,” Bucky said as he walked out, his shower caddy in his hand, because the guy had long hair and of course he needed to get the smell of his job out of it before a date.
Sighing, Tony went to his office area and sat down, pulling up the specs for the machine that Scott and Hope had been talking about. FRIDAY helping him generate model after model of the machine.
“Hand over the case, Stark,” the agent next to Pierce said and Tony knew that this was just Hydra trying to get a hold of something that they could use to create those phase two weapons.
“It’s going fast,” his mother said with a smile. “That means the girls will be out soon, or at least one of them, because usually twins don’t come out one after another unless they’re identical.”
Once he was at the door, wondering why they had a door to the kitchen, but it was one of those swinging doors, and of course there he was distracting himself with something so dumb as to think about the mechanics of a door like this in a house that should have a more open concept design. He took a deep breath and pushed the door, only to be faced with Steve’s back and some blonde girl with her hands on his face, her head slightly tilted, kissing Steve and breaking Tony’s heart. He had waited too long, and he knew this, this was the consequences of him being too involved in his project. He lost Steve, he heard Bucky’s curse just as Tony walked away, grabbing a nearby liquor bottle and walking out of the house not hearing Bucky calling out for him. He didn’t care, all he knew was that he took a chance and got burned, just like all of his other relationships. The only thing he had left were his robots, and he was going to make sure that the one he was working on would be the best one he could make.
“I will, I know what you like,” she told him with a smile, and he could tell that she needed this time with their mother, especially since Natasha and Bucky were getting together more often, Tony knew that Natasha needed their mother’s advice more than ever, even if it meant that he was going to be alone for the break. “Jarvis, can we drop my stuff off at home before I head to the airport?”
Someone behind them snorted out something, as something splashing onto the ground right behind Tony’s feet, Steve turned and saw Clint drinking juice from the carton, something Tony hates with a passion. Clint was looking at them all wide eyed, while holding Lila to his chest, covering her other ear.
“Well you’re my cheeseball,” Steve said before bending down and kissing Tony, this was worth every misunderstanding, all of the pining, every moment when he wasn’t sure if they would even get to this point. Because love was something you fought for and if you didn’t take the time to fight for the person, then it wasn’t a love worth your life.
The only other people who had known he was writing these stories were his two best friends from school, Pepper and Rhodey. Though they laughed at him for writing them, they let him have his fun since he rarely got to do anything outside of the preapproved Stark extracurriculars. They were the only people outside of his family that he had been close with, Pepper had gone off to NYU to be with her girlfriend who lived in Queens and had also gotten into the school, and Rhodey went to MIT, where Tony had originally planned on going but in the end decided on a smaller school in a town that hadn’t been invaded by his brothers.
“Put her on,” he said, the girls squealing from the other side of the house, which made him worry, but he would put that aside for later.
“Did you know that Tony Stark come here almost every day,” he heard someone whispering, but Steve knew that it had to be a lie, there was no way that someone like Tony Stark could show up in a place like this.
His mother always told him to humor his father, he was lucky that he didn’t have to go to all of the events for Captain America, or that he had to actually live up to the man. She let him have his life outside of the story his father had created and he was grateful for it the most. So, Steve let his father put his own son’s life on paper, as long as he got to be free of the mantle that was created from it. Over the years Joseph Rogers added other people into the comics, including Steve’s ex-boyfriend and long-time best friend Bucky Barnes, his other best friend and roommate Sam Wilson, his youngest son Peter, who now had his own character and series that Joseph wanted to expand on hence he was ending his Captain America story. Though he had given Peter a different last name in the series, it had been born from his brother’s love of climbing walls and jumping from the top of his bunk bed. Spiderman wasn’t the same as Captain America, and Peter loved that his father had created it for him.
The hour passed in a flurry of activity from Tony, he typed faster than normal, adjusting Ty’s half of the story and fixing it to work better, adding things here and there so that the flow worked better than it had before. Ty stopped by a few times, explaining how he wanted to write a story where the villain and the protagonist fall in love, he called it the anti-love story, because it wouldn’t end well for either of them. Stories like this were easy for Tony, because of past experience with one of his former relationships, though he wasn’t going to share that with anyone.
At his words Tony jolted out of his arms and looked at him with a serious expression, “Tell me you’re not lying to me right now? Tell me Steve.”
“I’m still mad at you for getting on that space ship, I told you not to go and you didn’t even listen to me,” she said glaring at Tony. “I may be the C.E.O. but you’re the owner of the company, and don’t get me started on Rogers over here.”
“I know, and I know you won’t, you’re so different from him, but in some ways, I see how the differences complete him in ways I couldn’t. I guess it’s just weird, to have to finally let go of all of the damage I did when I ended things.”
“No loyalty with that one,” Tony said to Steve before walking over to Pepper and giving her a kiss on the cheek. “I’m going to go find the rest of them.”
“What happened,” he heard Steve said as the man rushed out of the building still holding onto those glove shield things that apparently T’Challa had given him. Which only made Tony feel a little guilty for still having the shield down in his workshop. He needed to take the chance and give it back, they needed to move forward in all of this if they were really going to try and fix everything.
Tony moved away from the bed and grabbed the small box off of the bedside table. Laying it down at the foot of the bed he slowly took everything out of the box, first out course was the bottle of lube, which honestly wasn’t a new thing, but this one was made to Tony’s specifications because he sometimes got a allergic reaction to some of the more mainstream lubes. The second thing was the cock ring, which was also colored like his Iron Man suit, and honestly just having Steve wear his colors was a new kink for him. Though Steve wouldn’t let Tony make a red and gold Captain America uniform, so this was the next best thing. The vibrator was last, which was directly connected to his watch so that he didn’t have to find a remote which was sometimes a hassle when things got knocked around.
Tony could hear them talking on the other side of the room, but his eyes were all on Steve and that uniform. “Uh, Mr. Stark-Rogers. I almost forgot that that suit did nothing for your ass,” he said to Steve as he watched the other Steve walk around in a suit too tight for anything.
“Yeah, after mom yelled at the both of you to stop because you broke one of the vases in the hallway, the thing was worth a small fortune.”
“I hope they like me,” Tony said as he got out of the car, he was practically bouncing up and down, the flowers in hand, his eyes looking between Steve and the house.
“We have a book club, well not anymore since she moved, though she sends me recommendations, but anyway, she was the first real friend I had when I was a kid, she always told me to read something other than those science journals or the mechanic books I read.”
“I’ve had a few of those,” the man said and Steve wasn’t sure if he should keep talking or if he should actually keep working, but he had to be nice to everyone who came into the store, his grandmother had taught him that. Plus, it’s was proving to be a nice distraction at the moment, which of course changed the moment he turned and came face to face with Tony fucking Stark.
“Yeah whatever you punk, you know that whatever we had was never going to last, we were always better as friends than anything else anyway, even your mom thought so, she always called us stupid for getting involved anyway,” Bucky said and Tony wasn’t sure if he was intruding in on this conversation, especially since it also involved Natasha. He didn’t want to know anything about their relationship before she did, mainly because she would kill him if he didn’t tell her anything in time, he was certain that this time he wouldn’t escape death. “Whatever, I’m going to go pick her up,” he said before turning towards Steve. “Can I borrow your car for the night or do you need it?”
“Did you finish your story for class?” Ty asked him as he typed away, forcing Tony to acknowledge that Tony had not in fact written anything at all.
“Sharon, I don’t see you that way,” he said with a smile as he pulled her hand away. “I mean you’re a great girl, but there’s someone I really like and I’m hoping that he likes me the same way I like him.”
“I can take care of people when I want to, plus I’m not the one cooking, Sharon and Pepper pulled a bunch of us left over into the kitchen and we pulled out the barbecue and started making things outside. We figured that the two of you need some fresh air.”
“Sorry, but the doctor also said that you shouldn’t be on your feet for long,” his father said following her around, as she rubbed her belly.
“Yes, she did, she also talked to Sharon after I rushed off, and then she talked to Sam, and in the end she knew that it was all just one big misunderstanding.”
Just as Tony rolled over to sit up, Nat sat down next to him before Steve could, smiling up at the blonde. “I’ll go get us some food,” Steve said before leaning down and kissing Tony on his head, before putting on his pants, which only left him blushing as Steve left the room. He hadn’t realized that Steve had been in his boxers, and when he pulled up his comforter, he saw that he was also in his boxers… the Captain America ones. Which was completely embarrassing, especially since he was sure that they weren’t made anymore.
“I don't know why everyone believes that, but that isn't true,” Bruce said turning the conversation back to what they were doing. “Think about it: If you travel to the past, that past becomes your future. And your former present becomes the past. Which can't now be changed by your new future...”
“We promise to be careful,” Sitwell said but his voice made Tony’s skin crawl, just thinking about what they had been up to after the fact.
“Look at a mod inspiration, let me see what check out. So, recommend one last sim before we pack it in for the night. This time, in the shape of a mobius strip, inverted, please,” he said.
“I was just researching something, but I moved back a few days ago, and your father offered me a job in research and development.”
“Uhhmmm, okay,” Tony said before rolling over, quickly he stripped down to his boxers and his shirt before getting into the bed with Tony, “You smell like coffee.”
She looked at him as if evaluating his words before nodding. “You’re going to be good for him, especially if you feed him regularly.”
“Because I trust you with everything I have, you’re the smartest person I know,” Steve said kissing him quickly just in case there was someone watching them.
Steve grunted behind him, forcing the bickering twosome to focus on the matter at hand, “Well we traced the fluctuation to another planet, and came up with this,” Rocket said before the screen pulled out and mapped a course towards a planet in a faraway galaxy.
Though he was excited to go home, he really wanted just one more moment with Steve before the break but that wasn’t going to happen especially since Steve had to leave right after his shift on Tuesday night. Jarvis had been the one to drive up to the school to pick them up on Tuesday afternoon, it would just be the kids this year, his parents had to go overseas for the week his dad had urgent business to take care of.
“It hurt that’s what that feel like,” Tony said running his hand, never really taking his eyes off of Steve, probably thinking of how to retaliate. “But yeah, it felt real.”
“If you don’t mind accompanying me, we can go over to Burger King and eat some food,” he said smiling at her. “My treat.”
“I’m sorry,” he said to no one in particular, mostly to himself, because he needed to get through this before they returned, he needed to be there for his teammates no matter what. There was no going back from this anymore, they were at the end of their rope and it hurt.
The voices on the other side of the glass drew his attention, they were talking but the glass muffled the sound, but on the other side in all of her glory was Peggy Carter. Tony called her the one that got away for him, which was true but still bothered him to hear, because from the look in Tony’s eyes, Steve knew what his husband thought. He knew he wouldn’t trade his life for anything, his time with Peggy had gone, there was no going back, not anymore.
If there was one thing he wouldn’t give up, even if he decided to do the time heist, it was his kids, yes, their families would be back, but they would be his no matter what. They owned his heart. Tony made his way down to the living room, a smile on his face as he saw Steve sitting on one of the chairs reading.
From the moment he had seen the pictures on Tony’s side of the room, he dreamt of a man in a metal suit, hell he had sketched it, the image on Bucky’s roommates wall was something special and he knew it. Even when he had looked it up all he had found were people trying to make armored suits, nothing like the one he had seen. It felt wrong now to look at the images, now that Tony had rushed off angry at him for being there, but he did so anyway, hoping to find out why this man was so close to the persona he had hated all of his life. It was strange but seeing Captain America from Tony’s point of view was changing his own view of the character that he grown up hating. Maybe it was because for so long, even with Bucky’s character being the Winter Soldier, a former nemesis and now sometimes ally of Captain America, or even his brother Peter’s character being there, well the comics never felt full to him, it was ideology mostly, though he knew plenty of people who loved the character, but it was still too much to live up to.
All of a sudden, he could hear a slight crackling in his ear, “Cap, you hear me?” Sam said, his voice as clear as it had been five years ago. It worked, they brought them back, Tony looked over at him with a smile on his face. “Cap, it's Sam. Can you hear me?”
“It’s not really a secret Miles’, I have FRIDAY alert me when you break the law,” Tony said, while Steve tried and failed at laughing out loud about Miles getting caught. “Hey Pepper.”
Once he was settled in his bed, his face sore and a dull ache slowly pounding its way up to his brain, his mother smiled at him.
“You like going to the garage, huh?” he couldn’t help but smile, his kids were all smart as hell and he loved that when it came to all of them. “Well, so does daddy, and your big sister Riri too. It’s fine actually, Auntie Pepper never wears anything I make for her anyway.”
“So, when are you going to see Bucky again,” Tony blurted out, because what’s the use of knowing about the whole thing without using the information, this only caused both Natasha and Jan to looked at him like he was crazy.
“I’m allowed, I’m family,” Rhodey said to Tony before turning to Steve. “Trust me I’m not as bad as Pepper’s going to be when she hears about this.”
"You know,” Rhodes said to Steve. “I was afraid that he was making a mistake coming here, he literally gave up going to one of the best schools in the country just to be here. But I can see that it’s making a world of difference for him.”
Steve honestly couldn’t believe it, he has a date with Tony Stark, the very real owner of that Instagram post that Steve was sure had been a joke or something.
“Take it I don’t give a damn,” he said as he packed everything up, he was fed up with the whole semester, it was ending horribly and now this was just the icing on the damn cake.
When he got to the last page he saw the twenty dollar bill, the one that Tony had snuck into the tip jar all those weeks ago, under it what he saw was his own message to Steve, the paper was a little worn as if Steve had spent a long time trying to figure out what it was before he found the answer. Steve could have spent the money, he could have done anything with it, instead he put it somewhere he would always be able to find it.
“He told me once,” she said to him, her eyes never leaving him. “When he was too tired from school work, and too drunk to function. He probably wouldn’t tell you otherwise, but I thought that you might want to know.”
“Tony,” Professor Coulson called out as everyone left, for some this was their last class and they could go home, some others still had classes to finish, Tony wasn’t envious of any of them, he had finished everything and then some, all the while going through some really crazy things. His life had been a roller coaster of emotions just the last few weeks alone.
“It’s okay Steve, just go take care of him,” she said with a soft smile on her face, she knew that he was worried, not just about the store but about Tony. It was nice to work with friends who knew a person so well that they didn’t have to say much, all they had to do was give you a look and some words of encouragement and that was all.
It was the next day when he remembered something that Steve had said before he had run off that morning, Tony had gone to class and then off to the robotics lab to finish his bot so that he could submit it as his final project for one of his classes utterly forgetting that Steve had told him several things. Just seeing Bucky come home to get ready for the party was enough to remind Tony that he needed to talk to Steve in person about the future of their relationship.
“I eat, I swear, also I finished the majority of the coursework over the summer, I was bored and did everything, so I’m actually freer than you think, it’s just my writing class that I have work for, other than that I’m tinkering or writing.”
“I’ll try my best, just make sure you guys don’t start without me,” she said giving him a sad smile.
Just as he was about to walk to his dorm, nervous as hell, because who wouldn’t be when it was as dark out as it was when he left the library, he saw the blonde boy of his dreams walking up to him with a smile on his face and a cup of coffee in his hands.
“You mean like a mother’s intuition type of thing? I don’t know... maybe... damn now this is going to be in my head.”
“Not really, I’ve been hiding because I’ve been working on stuff in the robotics lab, and I’ve barely been sleeping, I only put two and two together like two weeks ago when I had dinner with him and he started talking about this girl he was in love with, all he could talk about was how her hair shined in the sun and she was as pretty as a flower, the guy has it bad for you.”
“Anyway, should we have any other rules?” Bucky asked him before digging into Tony’s eggs, before Tony tried to take them back.
The cab ride to the bookstore had been a long one, S.I. was in Midtown, whereas the store was in Greenwich Village near his apartment. Yes, he could have lived in the tower like his parents, but honestly there was something about having his own brownstone that made life a little bit better. Plus, he reinforced the place when he brought it, so that he could play loud music in his workshop and blow things up at the same time. So far no one has really complained, but then again, they couldn’t hear him in the first place, so it was okay.
Not knowing where to go, he went to Tony’s workshop to find the genius in there throwing things left and right. The bots in their charging stations not daring to come out in fear of something being thrown at them. He watched as Tony grabbed a wrench and flung it across the room before he fell to his knees, Steve rushed in and just held onto him while he started to cry, his shoulders slumped and defeated. It took a lot to take down Tony Stark, but even Steve knew that sometimes people had to break, even the Avengers were not immune to it no matter what people thought.
“Yeah but somehow Steve had the same do gooder personality, he hated bullies growing up, he always broke the rules if it meant that someone would benefit from the outcome, usually those people were in need of help in some way or another. In a way he grew up to be the one thing he hated, and you are the first person to give him the perspective to see Captain America as something more than his father’s creation.”
Tony could feel the air leaving him, he was fighting against Steve again and it hurt more this time because they had lost so much, he didn’t want to lose anything else, “I’m done fighting Steve,” he said because he couldn’t do it anymore. “I’ve got nothing left.”
“Yeah Dad, we can do a lot of things, I can lift the heavy stuff,” Miles added and Tony knew it was the truth.
“Ma, I’m going to camp in the backyard near the pit, I want to bring someone over to meet you, but I also want to do something fun together, so I figured two birds and all.”
During this time, Maria begged Howard for another child, a little girl, because while she loved her boys, she didn’t like being out numbered, and she wanted someone to go shopping with and teach things too that Howard didn’t allow the boys to be taught, because men don’t dance in a ballet. Though she often told him that it was a lie, but he was set in his ways, and while Loki loved the arts, his taste was more about producing than performing. So, they started the process of adopting a little baby girl, she was from Russia, her parents had passed away the day she had been born. Though they hadn’t known it just yet, but Maria had been pregnant with Tony at the time.
“Yeah well color me surprised too, I didn’t know until I was in the car with Jarvis on the way down here,” he said knowing that he should be angry at his family, but they were never together around this time of year, there was always one meeting or another.
Tony could feel his face flush, he hadn’t thought about the fact that them dating meant meeting the creator of his favorite comic book character. “Uhh......”
“Like you said,” Steve added, “We’re family, and in families we take care of one another, because what use are, we if you continue to hurt yourself just because we couldn’t stop Thanos. We all suffered Thor, but this is why we’re here, we’re going to try to fix everything, including ourselves.”
“Yeah like maniacs,” Tony said looking at him. “I had to put FRIDAY in their cars so that she could slow them down, do you know how hard it was to watch them drive, nearly gave me a heart attack.”
Also, my grandparents are actually seven years apart in age, this was common especially after WWI, because a lot of men had died so there was actually less men than women in some regions, so it was actually normal for older men and younger women to get married. (a little history for you)
“We found Pepper and Happy, they’re on their way here,” Rhodey said pulling Tony out of his thoughts.
“Even if there’s a small chance that we can undo this... I mean we owe it to everyone who’s not in this room to try,” Nat said the reminder of how much they’ve lost over the last month hanging over their heads.
I didn't put in the Professor Hulk thing, mainly because I've always thought that the Hulk and Bruce were two separate beings that existed within one body, plus I like that they're different, it makes it more fun!! There's also a few relationships happening.... mostly between the same four people. I ship them.... that's all that matters
Tony groaned as Morgan ran out of the room screaming for her sisters dressed in only her little robe with her hoodie on, Tony just sat in his and Steve’s room and contemplated all of the ways he could hide and not be found. Instead he got dressed and went to greet his girls, because he was going to have to face the music on this when Steve got home.
“But I didn’t want to, because it was something that you gave me, it was a piece of our relationship and I need to preserve it so that when someone asked me one day why I fell in love with you I can always tell them about that one time you write binary code on a twenty dollar bill.”
“Cool,” Bucky said taking the keys from Steve before heading out, leaving them alone, Tony in his head telling himself that they could never be more, that there was too much history between Steve and Bucky for Tony to be anything with Steve.
“I thought,” he was about to say something about Tony, but remembered what Bucky had told him about Tony wanting to not be noticed at the school. He also vaguely remembered Tony saying something about his sister that very first day they had met, but he had only thought that she was there helping him move in and nothing else.
The girls set up a tea party for Morgan out on the front porch of the house, Tony’s thoughts still going a mile a minute when he sees them. It calms him in so many ways, he loves his kids, he hadn’t known when they had come into his life if he would have been a good father, but now, years later, while they’re all healthy and happy, he knew that he had done a good job. Both him and Steve had strengths in certain areas, Steve being the one to mostly discipline them, Tony being too soft on them for certain things, they’re both encouraging when it comes to the kids’ individual talents, but also implemented things like martial arts and having them have at least one artistic passion. They were good parents, and he wouldn’t give up any of it for the world.
“Tony,” he tried to say no but the pouty face Tony was sending him was enough to admit defeat. “Fine, but don’t overdo it, I already know you’re not the type to stay put.”
“I can do this all day,” his other self said and god Steve hated that right at that moment. He thought back to the battle, he had been injured on his stomach, which should be a weak point at the moment, his body hadn’t healed very quickly from that blast.
Tony’s brown eyes looked at him with surprise, they both knew the meaning of the dog tags for soldiers, but for Steve they meant coming home to the one person who challenges him, who forces him to look at the world differently, who doesn’t treat him with kid gloves. Not caring that they had a group of witnesses behind him, wanting to not waste his chances any more than he already has, he leaned forward and placed a soft kiss on the other man’s lips. He didn’t want any more regrets, not when there was the possibility that they might not make it back. He could feel it as Tony hummed against him before he felt the man’s hand reach up and touch his face.
“Take it off. Take it off!” Thor yelled out, worried for the man who had been there for him all of this time. To Thor, the Hulk and Bruce weren’t two separate beings, they were everything to him.
Steve didn’t ask a single question, just taking Tony’s hand in his and smiling back at Tony’s Professor just for giving his boyfriend something to smile about. They had been in this relationship for two weeks, known one another for months now, and this moment was how he knew that he was truly falling in love. Someone else had given him this gift, and he wasn’t going to take it for granted, instead planning their afternoon in his head, driving Tony to one of the local restaurants, having dinner. None of this is what actually happened, instead they just went to the dining hall and Tony told him everything that had happened in the office, his arms going everywhere, all the while Steve just looked at him with a fond expression.
“Maybe they’re on silent,” Steve said but he heard Peter talking in the background, which meant that at least Hank had gotten the call.
“I have stuff in my hands,” Bucky threw his backpack on his bed along with a stack of books. “Let’s go to the dining hall and eat so that we can deal with that math homework already.”
“I don’t know, maybe use something that’s already happened, think about how we were just talking about Clint, maybe there’s something from when we were kids that could inspire you.”
Tony didn’t hear back from Steve before Thanksgiving break started, mainly because both of them had been mostly busy, Steve had his test though he had also texted Tony that he had a few shifts to work at Starbucks before he left for the weekend. He thanked him several times in those messages as well, and Tony had been over the moon just from a few messages. Tony on the other hand had to start on the welding for his bot, as well as the wiring for the artificial intelligence that would make it a learning robot.
“Then stop making fun of me,” he countered. Rhodey had enough material against Tony from being friends for so long, but Tony had just enough ammunition to get back at him a few times.
“I still don’t understand why you won’t move into the house with us?” Steve said as they drove towards the school.
“I still can’t believe that the great Tony Stark is moping because he wants to read romance novels and drink coffee with little old Mrs. Rogers,” Rhodey said while Bruce laughed in the background. Both him and Bruce had been working on their fall syllabuses, all the while Tony invented something in the background.
An idea formed as Thor was thrown back, “Okay, Thor, I need you to hit me with everything you’ve got.”
“Yeah you wish,” she said turning towards the wall as well, but he knew that she was just messing with him.
He couldn’t help but panic at the thought of losing his kids, his breaths were labored as he thought about them being crushed under all of the rubble. Then he thought of Steve and whether he would have survived something like that and he could feel something inside of him break a little. He couldn’t lose all of them, not like this, especially not knowing what the hell had happened. He started hyperventilating, he couldn’t help but panic because after all they’ve been through for this to happen. It took him a moment to get his breathing under control, he couldn’t afford to lose his mind at the moment. He needed to assess the situation and figure out what happened. The last thing he remembered was Carol yelling something over the com line to Steve.
They wouldn’t know for certain, since the freshmen were at orientation at the moment, so Steve helped Bucky unload his stuff, placing it outside the car as Bucky grabbed a trolley from the desk. They didn’t say anything until they walked into the room and saw one side of the room filled with some very expensive stuff, and a bunch of Captain America posters on the wall.
Sam and Sharon were sitting on the couch watching a movie, and he knew that this was something that Tony would have to see, Sharon sitting next to Sam was enough to show Tony that there was nothing between Steve and her. “Sam,” Steve called out causing Sam to turn towards them.
It was really hard to stop himself from snorting out loud at Scott’s comment, especially since now he started thinking about having a pair of sweatpants made for Steve that had the words America’s Ass printed on the back.
“You need to get a life,” he said remembering a time when she was trying her best to set him up with someone.
“About an hour ago, I got a message from Nat saying that you were at home all alone tonight, and probably for the whole weekend, and that I should come save your stupid ass.”
“Well, I want to know about Iron Man, but also... um... well I have an exam coming up and Bucky and I usually study together but he’s been a little preoccupied... with... well that girl he’s seeing, so I was thinking about something and then...,” why couldn’t he say anything, it was too much to just ask for help, or was it that it was Tony that he was talking to. He took a deep breath and just asked. “I hoped that you could help me.”
“Seriously you went through one of them,” Scott said as they heard the Hulk rawr in the background. “What did you just want them to eat you or something?”
This chapter is super long because of the rewrite, but I love my little family, and you will have to pry them from my cold dead hands.
“Worth a shot. It's over. It's okay,” Thor said kneeling on the man’s other side. Tony watched as Steve pulled away while Thor comforted Bruce.
When they had reached the hospital, all it took was the jolt from the gurney being pulled out to bring that pain into his head full force, he groaned turning over trying to make sure that Steve didn’t see him. He didn’t know why it mattered, but all of a sudden, he was feeling self-conscience about the whole thing. They had put him in a room as soon as he was wheeled in, and he knew that someone had called in advanced, most likely his mother, she was fiercely protective of him. Steve hadn’t left his side at all since they got on the ambulance, and Tony was still reeling over the fact that Steve had considered their dinner the other night as a date. He could kick himself for not kissing him, but that would stupid since he was already in the hospital for something completely different.
The first half of this made me an emotional mess..... I didn't like writing it at all. NATASHA!!!!!!
“What the hell are you doing?” Natasha yelled at the man in the chair as he dropped a magazine on his lap, as he glared at Natasha for interrupting him.
“Oh, well I guess we’re going to have to clean it,” Peter said though Steve could hear the guilt in his brother’s voice.
Before the two could bond even more a few of those attack dogs came at them, reminding them of the battle was still happening. Tony sees Clint before he hears him, the gauntlet in his hand as a few of the Chitari fighters were after him.
“Good cause I’m not here to give it, I’m actually here to ask for a favor,” Clint said smiling at Steve, which made him question helping his own friend. “I want to ask someone out on a date, but since they work on the day, I want to take them out... I need you to give them that day off.”
“We can take that off your hands,” Sitwell said as he took the scepter from Natasha, if they had known that the stone had been inside, they would have been able to prevent so many things.
He couldn’t help but laugh and hug her before he grabbed the shields that T’Challa had given him and put it on, “I don’t want to put all that hard work to waste now do I.”
, Yinsen had told him all of those years ago, and it made him wonder had he wasted his life doing this, becoming Iron Man. He hadn’t, but if he couldn’t fix what had happened, he wasn’t sure if he would be able to survive the guilt.
“Please Peg, don’t ask things I can’t really tell you,” he said but before he could stop her, she walked over to where Tony was standing and looked right into his eyes.
“I didn’t, but if you want it that badly you can have mine,” Steve offered but Bucky made a weird face the moment Tony turned around.
Tony walked back into the room, to his scowling boyfriend, and thought of the one thing that Steve did to him just to tire him out enough to go to bed at a decent time. Since Steve breaking the golden rule of superheroing got them into this mess, then Tony is allowed to punish Steve… he could though right. Though he knew that whatever he did to Steve would come back to haunt him in the future, but the man and his stupid moods were enough to drive them all crazy.
“There’s my little girl,” Steve said to her as he picked her up. “Where are your siblings, they were supposed to be with you.”
“Don’t worry Tony, they’re just clothes,” Steve said with a wink and Tony automatically made a mental note to buy the same set three times over just so they could be ripped off multiple times.
Thanos didn’t know the true stubbornness of Steve Rogers, he was the same guy who continuously tried to get into the army, the guy who relentlessly went after Hydra, the guy who woke up displaced out of time, and still fought with everything he had. He had something to fight for now too, he had his family to fight for, his husband, his kids.
Steve just waved as Tony walked into the building, grinning like an idiot, he didn’t work the next day because he had classes, but he knew that he needed the coffee. He couldn’t help the happy thoughts floating through his head as he drove home. He had taken a chance at getting Tony’s attention, he hoped that just a few hours of studying, he could get to know him better and maybe they could move closer to something more. The feeling had been there, since the beginning, as rough as it had been, but he wanted this chance to get to know Tony better.
“You know I was certain that with everything going on that the two of you would get you heads out of your asses and not fight for once,” someone said as they stood over Steve. Looking up he saw Rhodes standing over him. “But I think you two have so much that you need to get through that it would take a while before anything went back to normal.”
He was hungover drunk if that was even a phrase, he knew this for sure, he knew that he shouldn’t have grabbed that bottle of whatever the hell that had been.... Jack maybe, who knows, but he was drunk, and he had coded his final project drunk. The whole weekend had been a weird blur, but his professor was standing in front of him, amazed at Tony’s creation, but Tony knew that it was flawed in so many ways. He wouldn’t change anything about the bot, because he valued the machine like it was his own child, just like little Butterfingers, but this one was so dumb, and he hoped that the learning aspect of its coding would help fix that over time.
“Decide if you’re going to go while I shower,” Bucky had told him, and although Tony really had to finish his bot by this weekend, he was tempted to actually go.
“He didn’t walk you home or anything? Geez that’s a lousy date if you tell me,” Steve said and Tony couldn’t help but smile, at least someone was looking out for him.
“No, you need to talk to him, you need family time Steve, I know the risks of doing this more than anyone else, and I know for certain that you and him have a lot on the line if we do end up doing this.”
Tony had withdrawn more and more after that incident, inventing fabrics that would stop a bullet, working on things for soldiers to have in combat, things that weren’t weapons. As for Howard, well he stopped making guns, his wife was his number one priority and almost losing her had made the man a little crazy, well they could handle it because they were family though they tried to reign him in when it came to public functions. Tony rarely sought out his father after that, and their relationship had been a little strained. His brothers picking up the pieces of the whole fallout, because Howard blamed Tony, even though Tony was just a kid. So Tony, doing the only thing he could think of, wrote fanfiction about Captain America and a new superhero partner, Iron Man. The stories blew up, and while Tony was awkward in real life, his online persona was not.
“Buck, I’m going to go to the house, I need to go and get settled so I’ll come back later,” he said trying to give the two of them some space, and get out of his own head, while the image of the metal man on his mind, wondering if he could look him up to see more art, or if there’s an artist involved with him.
“It’s Rocket,” the raccoon said which only made Tony smile, it was a little fun when no one understood his pop culture references. “Take it easy, you’re only a genius on Earth, pal.”
“Chocolate,” she said her hand in her mouth, she still hadn’t outgrown sticking her fingers in her mouth, but they weren’t going to stop her. “Iron Man.”
“Wouldn’t it though?” Steve asked, wondering what they were getting themselves into if they couldn’t change the present by changing the past.
Tony had been in a good mood all day, even when he walked back into his dorm after having to deal with his classes, and acting like he didn’t know half the shit his professors were talking about. He turned in his story, after adjusting enough of it so that it wasn’t about superheroes or resembled fanfiction, he didn’t care as long as his professor liked it. Now he was waiting for Steve to show up so that he could help him out. He hadn’t even noticed when Bucky had come in and out, which meant that he was too out of it for his own good, but it didn’t matter at all, the semester was almost at its end, and the Thanksgiving break was coming fast. He was happy for once, really happy and not just sort of happy, well if that was a thing.
Tony didn’t really care what the four of them did, he cared more about Thor’s mental state, because while they all dealt with the fallout of the decimation their own way, Thor’s way of dealing reminded Tony more of how he had dealt with his parents’ deaths when he was twenty-one. He wanted to make sure that Thor didn’t end up going down that route, and if the other three kept close to him, and helped him, it didn’t matter how, as long as Thor knew that there were people there for him that was all that really mattered.
“We’ll make it back,” Nat said with a small smile. “I didn’t spend years trying to get the two of you to admit your feelings to give up just when everything was beginning to fit into place.”
“We can’t, everything out there right now is a reminder of what we’ve all lost, there’s nowhere to go, and the worst part is that they already hate us for not doing anything,” Tony said his back was tense against Steve chest. “We tried, we just weren’t ready, the accords all of that prevented us from doing anything, and they’re mad at us because of what was put in place by all of these countries, and it’s just stupid now. All of it is stupid, and I would go back and fix it if I could.”
“Damn Stevie, you were never that light of a sleeper,” Tony heard Bucky said but he wanted to roll over and ignore his roommate for once, mainly because he had ruined Tony’s nap.
The facility seemed quieter since they returned, when they had left everyone had been in high spirits, they joked around a little, yes, they were scared but they were Avengers again. It had been just another mission for them, another hurtle that they had to go through. Now with Nat gone, he could tell that they were trying their best, Thor stayed quiet preferring to watch as the others worked, Clint in the corner staring at the spot, even Steve knew, had been there for her. Carol and Rhodes had stayed away, just like Steve and Tony, they had gone to grieve on their own, Shuri had stayed behind with Clint, Bruce and Thor, when Tony had rushed off.
“The breakers are set, and the emergency generators are on standby,” Shuri said working from her own set of computers, a hopeful look in her eyes.
“No, this one’s different I swear,” Bucky argued shaking Steve’s arm while he said it and why they were friends he wasn’t sure at all when Bucky acted like a love-sick puppy.
“He’s into him,” Natasha said with a smile as she finished with the napkins and moved onto the sugar. Bucky was behind the counter putting the pastries into the display, a smirk on his face. “You can tell because while he says one thing to us, he’s running commentary in his head.”
“It’s okay,” he said waving the woman off before walking over to the little girl and sitting with her, her crying became hiccups before she settled into his lap.
“Too bad, I think he’s already taken, I met his boyfriend earlier when they were dropping off his stuff,” Tony said before moving behind them and smothering himself with his own pillows, the reminder of Steve’s baby blue eyes following him.
It had been raining on opening day, and Tony had rushed into the store just a few hours before closing, his hair a mess and his glasses on because he hadn’t bothered with his contacts after his last class was over. Ordering his favorite coffee from the counter and sitting down to look at the stack of books he had picked up, trying to figure out which ones he wanted. Mrs. Rogers had sent him an email telling him to catch up on his reading before she came to visit during Christmas, so that they could talk about them. He wasn’t going to argue with the little old lady, especially since she was the reason, he had started reading romance all of those years ago.
“Okay then,” Steve said before moving his hand down to touch Tony’s aching cock, making him jerk as Steve’s fingers grazed it. Slowly Steve pulled the ring off, taking his time as it slipped off, it didn’t take too long after that for Tony to start coming, Steve gripping it to stop him from finishing too fast. “You’re so tight my love,” Steve whispered in his ear. “You have to slow down.”
“Five years ago,” Bruce started as Steve sat down next to him. “Five years ago, we got our asses beat. Except it was worse for me, because I lost twice. First, Hulk lost, then Banner lost. Then, we all lost.”
“It’s okay, I know how much you hate being stuck in bed, well not so much as being stuck in bed because otherwise we’d be doing it on the floor, but I know that you hate being injured.”
They did get that picture on the wall, somewhere between eating and sharing their basket of fries, the waitress had taken their picture and posted on the wall, even giving them a copy. Steve hadn’t even seen the flash go off, but it had happened when Tony had been eating a fry and Steve bit off the other end, both of them were smiling while it happened, even if they hadn’t seen the picture get taken.
, Cap. I got no co-ordinates, no clues, no strategies, no options. Zero, zip, nada,” Tony said looking at him as he clutched his side before the cradle holding Vision sparked, sending out an electrical current, that was when he knew that he had made a mistake, he had fought against Tony for something that wasn’t the other man’s fault. He was guilty of so much it hurt him.
As you know from the movie, there's a time jump.... well there's a time jump here as well, and that's the next chapter!
James had spent the summer working as an intern at Stark Industries, he had gotten the position after her mother had seen him in action working behind the scenes at a function that Natasha had to run on her own when her mother had gotten sick and couldn’t do it. In reality she hadn’t been sick and had been testing Natasha on whether she could actually do the job on her own. This was one of the things her parents did, they were grooming them all to take over the company so that they could retire at some point in their lives. Though their father wasn’t willing to retire just yet, he still had things that he needed to do.
“Whatever man, at least they’re not like your parents who I swear hate me with a passion, my parents still like you,” Bucky said throwing a stick at Steve but hitting Tony because of course he was the one sitting in front of Steve.
Steve smiled at him, and it was all it took to give him a little confidence, he knew that he was trying to lighten up the mood even though everyone they knew was currently buried under the compound. The glove lost somewhere in there as well, and as long as Thanos didn’t have it, then they were going to fight to keep it from him. They both turned and walked towards where Thor was currently standing, the rubble not stopping him from looking at a figure not far in the distance. Even from where he was Tony knew that the bastard was smug as shit, he saw his plan worked, that in their time he had succeeded.
He was about to turn and leave when someone rushed into the room and Steve came face to face with Tony who looked like he had seen a ghost.
The purple power stone floated in front of them, almost like it was taunting Tony, it had been the same stone that had forced a moon onto him during the fight with Thanos. He had seen its power first hand, as well as the power of the other stone’s in the madman’s possession.
“Yup, will do,” Ty said before heading off to the printers. Tony noticed this, Ty wasn’t the type to read off of a computer he preferred paper copies, Tony on the other hand didn’t care otherwise, everyone had their own quirks. “This is really good,” he said as he sat back down going through each paper reading them and making little notes.
“I will help them,” Vision’s voice rang out loud and clear. “I have kept your children safe, now it is time for me to help as well.”
“I hadn’t even known that it was mom who was in labor, my boyfriend was driving his brother up here,” Bruce said before pointing out Tony and Natasha who were standing next to a very tall blonde man, who Steve knew should be familiar but there was too much happening at that moment.
“This is wild,” Tony said as they pulled up into Mr. Fury’s flower shop. He could see Ms. Hill at the counter talking to someone, so they were lucky that the place was still open.
When it started getting a little chilly outside, Kamala and Riri had started cleaning up, Morgan picking at her pants and looking around. “What do you want to do now girls?” he asked as he stood, his legs hurting telling him that he wasn’t as young as he used to be, well at least not to be sitting on a little kid’s chair the way he had.
“That’s great,” Steve told her, genuinely happy that she could try something new, he was happier that she felt comfortable enough to share with them. “You did the hardest part. You took the jump, you didn’t know where you were going to come down,” he noticed that one of the others in their group was tearing up, it was normal for someone to cry during one of these sessions, but they were all trying their best. “And that’s it. That's those little brave baby steps you gotta take, to try and become whole again. To try and find purpose.”
Hope laughed from next to Scott before holding back the man so that he wouldn’t go after Rocket. Instead, Nebula cleared her throat and pushed them to the next stone, she clearly wasn’t in the mood for Rocket’s antics. She moved the soul stone forward, and Tony could see just a hint of sadness in her eyes.
“It’s definitely broken, I can already tell, just stay still,” he said to Tony, and the only reason he knew it was broken was that Bucky had broken his nose testing out his arm when he had first gotten it. Tony’s nose was swelling the same way that Bucky’s had. “You shouldn’t have tried to intervene Tony.”
“No in a million years,” Tony smiled at him and it warmed him from the inside out to think that this was something he looked forward too. “Have I ever told you about my obsession with cheeseburgers?”
“Neurostuff meets rabbit from a hat,” he said staring at the ceiling. “He had a nice place in the village though.”
“I was kidnapped a few times when I was a kid,” he said or at least he knew that the words had come, but he had never talked with anyone about it, the only person who knew all of the details was his therapist Ho Yinsen. He could see the surprise in Steve’s eyes, there was no looking back from revealing this much of himself to someone. “But the last time it happened, it was a horrible day overall, I was being driven to school by one of the drivers we had at the time, Nat was at home sick, she had the flu, so I was alone with just the driver. We were stopped at a light, and for some reason there hadn’t been any cars around us, I know now that that should have been a huge red flag, but then a bomb went off and the driver head had been blown up all over the seat,” he could feel his heart starting to race, he was going to have a panic attack if he didn’t stop talking about this, but for some reason he wanted someone to know, he wanted a person who wasn’t paid to know, to well understand why he was the way he was.
“Don’t,” Steve said giving Bucky a dirty look, he had survived the first two years of college without anyone knowing that his father was Joseph Rogers, the creator of Captain America, he wanted to survive the rest of his college career in the same way.
“Okay,” Tony said his voice muffled into the pillow, all of a sudden he was feeling a little less alone. He rolled over until Rhodey fell on the floor and he was hanging off the side of the couch holding onto the side with everything he had. “When did you get back?”
“Just take it easy, and when he comes over, be nice to him,” she said before getting up. “Jarvis is going to stay with you for a little while, I have a meeting with the new batch of students you’ve hired for the S.I. interns, since you’re not going to make it to that now that you’re injured.”
“Mine is in the waiting room,” he said but he knew he would get in trouble, he wasn’t the best at sneaking out.
“Which means we have to pick our targets,” Clint said looking at them, for Clint the mind stone had fucked with him enough that Tony didn’t want Clint near their first battle together, he could only imagine what the man would do if he encountered Loki again.
The rest of the night they watched movies, well at least Tony was sure that Steve had watched something, because after the food and then the shower, Tony had been so tired that he had passed out on the bed in Steve’s arms.
Maybe he should start from the beginning, or at least the beginning for his family, you see while Tony is the only biological child of Howard and Maria Stark, he’s not their only child. He’s the youngest of five, in a rowdy household, the oldest being Thor, who was ten years older than Tony and the protective big brother over all of them, even though he had an unhealthy obsession with pop tarts, but that didn’t matter. The next is Loki, who is actually Thor’s biological brother, the two had been adopted at the age of five and three, when their parents had died in a housefire. Their parents had been good friends with Howard and Maria, so when Maria had trouble conceiving, they had decided that adopting the two brothers would be the next best solution. Howard needed heirs to Stark Industries, and Maria loved the boys as if they were her own.
He knew he was in for another round of this as he pulled into the McDonalds that was in between the New Avengers Facility and Pepper’s house, and if he had to hear them arguing their point, he was going to need some coffee. He was going to need a lot of coffee to deal with three superpowered teenagers. He ordered breakfast sandwiches for all of them and two of the largest coffee he could get for himself. Even after his conversation with Steve the night before he had stayed up all night working on the safest way for them to time travel. FRIDAY was fabricating the devices so that he would be able to pick them up on his way back.
“It can't... be undone. Or that's at least what the, great floating guy had to say," Clint starts shouting at Thor, and they all knew that he was trying to convey this whole clusterfuck to Thor, but they could see the grief in the man’s eyes, it was like losing all over again. “Maybe you wanna go talk to him? Okay? Go grab your hammer, and you go fly and you talk to him.”
“Perfectly not confusing love,” Scott answered with a smile, but they could all see the worry in his eyes.
“We’ll find them Tony,” Steve said to him with a smile. “We found each other once, it’ll happen again.”
Thor was quiet for a moment, before he began to cry, Bruce pulling him away from the table, Steve not really sure if his words were worth the effort, he tried and it was all he could do.
“I promise, I will do everything in my power to make sure that we come back,” Steve said as he held Tony tighter. “I don’t want to lose you, or anyone in our little family.”
He hadn’t realized that he had fallen asleep until someone plopped down next to him on the couch making him bounce on his side before his face was fully plastered against the pillow. He knew it was Rhodey before he could fully wake up, his best friend home for the holiday just like he was, and of course he comes to annoy Tony the first chance he got.
Tony wasn’t normally alone at the lake house, there was always someone around, but it was eerily quiet as he made lunch for him and Morgan. He knew exactly where Morgan was, in her little fort that Riri and Kamala had helped her build before they had left for the semester. The fort was visible from the window, so he wouldn’t lose sight of her, but it was strangely quiet which meant that the little girl was up to something. He had learned long ago that his kids were evil conspirators, he loved them, but when the four of them were together they plotted things and scared the hell out of him on more than one occasion.
“We won’t know the outcome of any of it though,” Bruce said to them. “We could all exist, we could have met at a different time in our lives, but it would still be us.”
“Don’t worry Steve,” Bucky said but even Steve knew that it wasn’t what he wanted to hear at that moment.
“Not really, but I mean... well we only ever really talk about other things, not really food, but it’s one of the things that I would like to understand better about you.”
“Well, when I started writing these stories, I wanted to add more characters of my own, so I added my own brothers, it’s easier with Thor and Loki, they were named after Norse gods, so I just used that as their back story.”
That was the day that Tony brought a tired Kamala Khan back to the lake house, and fed her enough of Steve’s cookies that she passed out on the table smiling. Even after eating so many burgers she had happily ate more, almost like she was afraid that she wouldn’t eat again afterwards. When she was comfortable being there with them, she realized that she had the chance for a home once again, and that made Tony very proud.
That’s if they had a second date and Tony didn’t die of embarrassment from telling the guy that he had wanted to climb him like a freaking tree. Maybe he could finally invent time travel and go back and stop himself from doing anything so embarrassing ever again. He wondered if it was too late to become a monk somewhere in Asia and disappear for the rest of his life.
“I wouldn’t, not in a million years,” he wanted to be honest, just like Tony had been for him, he wanted to give him everything and more, but he was afraid of losing himself again. Though he knew for certain that Tony would probably just push for him to be happy.
They sat there in that room, the small space she had occupied while she tried to keep the Avengers together, while Tony broke down and cried but moved on all the same, where Steve learned to move forward, even if they all could never really move on from one loss.
“Just find the stones,” he grunts out, happy to hear his kids are safe. “They’re in a glove, but I don’t know where it landed.”
“I’m not going to ask questions about your life Steve, or about who your mystery man here is, all I want to know is if you’re happy?”
He was still wearing the jeans he had on the night before, so he slipped his feet into a pair of chucks and walked out the door, Bucky waiting on the other side for him. They walked to the dining hall in silence, hell this was the first time that Tony had seen the place so empty. He grabbed the largest cup they had and filled it with coffee, before filling a plate with some food. He needed something to make it seem like he was alright, and not freaking out about the fact that he ruined one friendship while falling in love.
Steve had stayed in the hospital for five hours as the medics put his legs in casts, taped up his ribs and made sure that the concussion that JARVIS had alerted Tony to wasn’t too life threatening. But Steve was an over achiever on that, the damn thing had healed in two hours, stupid super soldier serum, well it wasn’t stupid, but Tony was just angry at Steve. The doctors told them that Steve had to keep his legs elevated for at least the first day as the fractures set and the healing starts. Tony was sure that Steve would crawl out of his skin if he had to sit still for two seconds let along an entire day. The casts would be removed at the end of the week, and honestly Tony was glad for that super soldier serum because it meant that he wouldn’t have to see Steve get all antsy because he had been stuck at home.
“We know that, but for now we just have to go into this with the knowledge that we won’t change anything, because if we start thinking that we’re going to mess up then we will, and we can’t go into this with that mentality.”
“Well that’s the funny thing, she has a part in the company too, she’s a Stark after all, even through marriage, she runs the foundations and helps out legal, she has a law degree, but she likes doing charity work, so dad let her create the Maria Stark Foundation.”
They drove for what felt like an eternity, Tony wasn’t sure that they were in the same town as the school anymore, “I’m not being kidnapped am I?”
“J, can you do a quick scan,” he said looking down at Steve who hadn’t moved at all since Tony had landed. He hoped his boyfriend was alright, he would give Barnes a fucking prize for getting to Steve so quickly.
“My poor baby boy,” she said kissing him on his head like she had when he had been a little kid and had been under an engine that he had been rebuilding with his father and the thing had fallen a few inches right onto his head. His father had freaked out, mainly because Tony had bled a lot, but since head wounds tend to bleed like crazy, they had realized it hadn’t been too bad of an injury, but they hadn’t wanted to test the waters especially with Tony’s medical history.
“Uh, kitchen, I think,” he said still in awe of their friends, Tony remembered that Lang hadn’t interacted with Nebula or Rocket before. “That’s awesome,” he said when Nebula was near him, her arm shining in the sun.
“I won’t do it if you don’t want me to,” Steve said taking Tony’s hand before he could walk off. “I’m not going to go against you on this, I know how that usually works with us, so it’s either we both agree on it or it doesn’t happen at all.”
“Clearly you’re not fine Nat, and neither is Clint apparently,” he said to her, sitting down in front of her, wondering if there would be a day when they would all have to intervene. “You know I saw a pod of whales when I was coming up the bridge,” he was trying to get her to lighten up a little, to let go even more, so inane conversations were the best way to go at this moment.
“Yeah, and I still have the pictures to remember it by, Clint had to go to Junior Prom like that too,” Tony said with a grin on his face. “I won that war too.”
“Sure,” Tony answered though he wasn’t sure if it would happen before he got settled, especially with everything going on during the first week of classes. “It won’t be this week, because I want to get settled in and well not get lost, but I’ll stop by when I have the chance.”
“You know it could have been possible, it’s not the woman who decides the sex of the baby,” Rhodey told him, but even Tony knew that Rhodey was just messing with him.
Tony stayed quiet instead, focusing his attention to his tablet, he had made his own after the one that had been put out by S.I. wasn’t fast enough, it also had a working holographic display, but he never used it around anyone, not even his own family. He was always afraid of his father taking any of his inventions for himself, so Tony had kept the shell of the tablet before taking apart everything inside and putting in his own hardware.
“Change of plans,” Steve told him. The only thing he kept thinking about was that this was for his family, for Tony, for Nat, Shuri, Hope, and Clint, who all had lost their families.
There was a rule that they all had as superheroes, it was mainly because they all understood just how dangerous their job was, but the rule was never take the shot for someone else. Tony liked this rule, yeah, he wasn’t one to follow it most of the time, but he could fly so it didn’t matter. But when Steve did it, well that was another story, it wasn’t something that normally happened, no because again Tony could fly and he was covered in a gold titanium alloy, well it was mostly made out of that since it’s evolved over the years, but he was getting off track. Tony knew that the armor could take most hits sent his way, so of course the fight they had been in would have been a piece of cake. Except his stupid super soldier boyfriend had jumped in the way of an attack and while the vibranium shield had protected his upper body, it had done nothing to stop the momentum of the force of the blast, sending Steve over the edge of the ten-story building and into a pile of rubble on the ground. Tony hadn’t been fast enough to stop it, because the bad guy of the week had turned his attention back to Iron Man not long after the Captain had been sent over the ledge of the building.
“Then sit on my face and I’ll get you all sloppy,” Steve said, his voice in control but his eyes were roaming up and down Tony’s body. Tony felt himself twitch at the words, he’s never thought twice about having Steve open him up, but without the use of his hands, and just his tongue, had Tony shivering just to start.
“Someone’s happy to be back,” Steve said with a smile all the while ruffling Tony’s hair. “Did you really miss school.”
“I know,” Tony said before silence overtook the room. They had all lost so much in the last few weeks, and Steve knew what Tony’s death would have done to not only those in the room, but to the family they had made over the years.
There was something about watching Tony work, on anything at all, whether it was a machine or even cooking dinner for the family, that made Steve happy. He knew that Tony was always at his happiest when he had a project that excited him, especially if it was something that he could share with others. Steve knew that Tony looked at him the same way when he had his own projects, but Steve knew the differences, mainly because he liked watching Tony get dirty even more than seeing the man in a three-piece suit.
Steve reached out for the jar that said Peter Parker, Tony’s protégée, the kid from Queens, the one he had fought against without hesitation thinking he was just another adult. “Do you think that Tony brought these with him to bury them? Or did he hope that they would come back?”
“I honestly don’t know,” he said and they were both quiet for a moment, Steve seeing the jars of ashes on the ship, each marked with a name in Tony’s handwriting. “You can always tell where Tony’s been, he leaves a mark.”
The ring was made specifically for Steve, with Tony’s pleasure in mind as well, he slipped it on before Steve could even make a comment about Tony calling his dick mini Cap, kissing the head of that beautiful cock as he pulled away, slowly slipping himself down until he was face to face with Steve’s hole. He couldn’t help but lick his lips as he pulled out the lube and coated his fingers, but before he placed his finger inside of Steve’s ass, he leaned in and sucked in one of Steve’s balls slowly working his finger around the rim as he did it. He could hear Steve growl from the top of the bed, but Tony ignored it and worked his way down, using his tongue to trace his way towards Steve hole and tentatively running his tongue around the rim as his finger worked its way inside. He didn’t want to go to fast, this was supposed to be a punishment, though it didn’t feel like it to Tony, hell it felt like he had gotten a prize at the moment, but he needed to keep going or else he was going to blow everything by coming just from opening Steve up.
“You’re the men that broke in here, but for what?” she asked looking at the two of them noticing the briefcase that Tony was holding.
“A ship has entered the upper atmosphere, I’ve sent a distress call to our allies' boss, but it seems as though it came through the Quantum machine in the compound,” she said and he wondered maybe if his reservations about Nebula earlier weren’t unfounded. He saw Steve nearby half buried in rubble, he was breathing, which was a relief for Tony. One found everyone else to go.
Bruce was the next to join them, pulling Nebula with him, “I’m for us doing something now,” he said staring at all of them. “I’ve been trying for a while, he’s been getting deeper into his depression, especially since New Asgard isn’t the same as the old. He’s lived a long life so the last ten years, he’s lost everyone he cared about, his family is completely gone, the whole thing with Thanos was the straw that broke the camel’s back.”
“Yeah well that’s what you get for disappointing me, no go get,” he said making sure she didn’t double back to sneak into the workshop. He didn’t want the fight with Tony to happen not when he was already working on something that could potentially kill them all if they weren’t careful with it.
“I’m not, he wants to know if we would be willing to carry on with not only Captain America but introducing Iron Man and everyone else into the comics, and having me and you, and probably anyone else who wants to be involved, starting up the Avengers comic run.”
“Yeah, Steve isn’t happy when he’s bedridden,” and hopefully he’ll be able to change that in the future.
“Jesus he has five brothers, and I thought my parents were crazy,” Tony said though he was happy to have had siblings, because it meant that he was never lonely and that no one forgot his birthday, though it did happen one year, but that was because that year a lot of things had happened and Tony was just happy that his mother was alive so he hadn’t cared much. Though they surprised him later on with a trip to Italy so that his mother could recover. It had been the best summer ever.
Nebula nodded at him, “I will,” was all she said. By the time this was all over, she would have her other family back, just like he would, everyone they cared about that they had lost would be back.
“I doubt that, Dad really loves you,” he said, and he knew she loved her husband as much as her husband loved her. “I can tell just from the way he looks at you so I doubt he would actually cheat on you.”
“Oh, okay,” Tony said before they walked out of the library and into the darkened night, Tony watched as Ty walked away without saying another word. Leaving Tony alone in the dark once again, he didn’t know what to do mainly because he didn’t want to rely on Steve to pick him up every time he came to the library.
“Yeah Bucky told me that you were smack in the middle and that you had five brothers at home and even sisters on the way,” Tony told him and Steve couldn’t help but smile.
“What did you talk about?” he asked to move the conversation along and to give her a chance to speak a little more.
“Hey, new girl,” Sharon said looking the other blonde in the eye. “Every one of these people know about what it’s like to be a superhero, they’ve all risked their lives helping people. And if you don’t mind me asking, where the hell have you been all of this time if you’re so inclined to say anything about this.”
“Are you going to introduce me?” the other man said his eyes going from Tony to Steve, before Tony pulled himself away from Steve just to stand up next to the other man, which Steve instantly regretted letting go of Tony.9
“What, you don’t like Cap?” Tony said a sad look in his eyes as if Steve had killed a puppy right in front of Tony, and of course Steve almost turned red from blushing, the nickname was new, no one had every called him Cap, or at least his fictional alter ego.
“I don’t want to know about who you’re talking about, because your relationships don’t last that long to begin with,” Steve answered, ever since they broke up, Bucky’s had a string of relationships and random hook-ups, with a number of people, that honestly Steve couldn’t understand. He didn’t believe Bucky when he said he was in love, because Bucky fell in love every three seconds with a number of people.
“Oh, stop being a baby Steve,” he said, the pills in his hand, but when Steve turned away Tony could only think of doing one thing, he put the pills in his mouth grabbed the water and moved close enough to grab Steve’s face and pinch his nose until he opened his mouth. Tony quickly forced the pills into Steve’s mouth along with water and put his hand on Steve’s face. “Swallow Steve or else you’re not getting any for me for a month.”
“When we returned from Morag, I noticed something different about Nebula,” Carol said and Steve couldn’t help but wonder how different Nebula had been acting for Carol to notice and not Tony, but then again they had found out about Natasha soon after getting back so if Tony had noticed anything it had been quickly overshadowed by Nat’s death.
“So, what does this have to do with him if he’s passing the class anyway,” Ty pointed at Tony and he honestly couldn’t figure out why Ty was trying to throw him under a bus, when he had been the one to use Tony to get ahead, not just with his story but with his family’s business.
“Right you have brothers, I’ve seen them, and one of them is a fucking bulldozer,” Bucky said giving Steve a scared look before sitting down on his bed.
“I’ll be here when you’re done,” Steve told him, but when he looked up, he could see Steve looking at where Ty stood, a murderous look in his eyes.
The words haunt him, on nights when he can’t sleep, he swears he could still feel Peter’s ashes in his hands. Tony had given Peter’s Aunt, the ashes he could collect, the two released them around Queens a year after the decimation. Both of them had thrown themselves into their work, May working on various charities, Tony into his business and his family. But now, as he looked at Peter’s smiling face, he knew that he needed to do this, not just for him, but for Riri, Kamala, Miles, and Morgan. They all deserved to see their families again.
“Would you two quit it,” Rocket said to them reminding them that they had an audience. “We got work to do.”
“Oh, well your dad cleaned it all up, it’s in the mud room, because it was getting in the way, especially since he’s sad that his den is being turned into a nursey, something about having too many kids.”
Steve smiled at that him. “You can steal mine if you want,” Steve told him before continuing. “But it’s not just that, it’s how you get excited about things, like your stories, or math, things that I usually hate but have learned to love, like Captain America, because you gave him a home in a world with friends and a family.”
“Not the new girl, the other one, the one you’ve been mooning over for the last year,” Bucky said to Sam, frustrated about Sam’s inability to ask someone out.
“I’m sorry to the both of you, but your brothers have also been called away on business,” Jarvis told them as they drove down the interstate towards the city.
“You don’t know what loss is,” Thor said, and Steve saw the moment where even Thor realized that he was wrong, the moment when Tony flinched, because he had lost more than most of them had.
Tony was the first to take flight, Thor not far behind, they both wanted blood, now more than ever, they had lost too much, even now years after the decimation they were still losing those they cared for, all because they wanted to bring everyone back. The hits weren’t going through, he wasn’t sure how much they were going to have to work for it, but they needed to keep it going. Just the thought that somewhere was that stupid Chitari army, Thanos’ attack dogs, all of it, and everyone they cared about, all of their lives were on the line.
“You don’t have to tell me if you don’t want to,” Steve said, pulling Tony away from the dark thoughts in his head. “If it’s too much you don’t have to tell me.”
“I guess that I had some kind of epiphany that day,” Steve told him with a small smile on his face. “We may never move on from what happened, but I’m almost certain that they would be angry with us if we didn’t at least try.”
“Yeah, no, Dr. Zol... No, I haven't seen a soul,” he said instead, because he wasn’t allowed to change the past, if he did there was a very real possibility that they wouldn’t find Steve in time, that the Battle of New York would happen and everything would be lost. There were too many variables to think about.
Tony more than any of them, other than Rocket, knew the severity of Nebula’s loss, her sister was her only family outside of a murderous titan, losing her cost Nebula everything she cared for. The Avengers adopted her, but Tony made sure she didn’t have too many bad memories since, Valkyrie, Bruce and Thor helped whenever she visited New Asgard, but Tony was always the first one to greet her whenever she came back to earth. Even setting up one of those intergalactic video screens at home so she could call him whenever she wanted. They were a family now and he was going to protect her as much as he could.
There was a moment as Steve watched Tony gather his stuff and shove it into his bag, where Steve was certain that he had messed up somehow.
Waving Natasha and Jan away, he walked to his dorm, with the sole purpose of falling asleep and resting, normally he could stay up for days fueled on nothing but coffee, but he knew he couldn’t mess this up, his father would be furious if he did. He was already furious at Tony because he had chosen a smaller school over a big-name Ivy League college. So, just for this one night he was going to sleep, because there would be days when he needed to get something done, he wasn’t going to abandon all of his principals just because he’s not at home.
“I hate when you call my dick that,” Steve said but even Tony knew that it was a lie because he could feel the hardness of it at the moment and it was getting a little hard to concentrate on the task at hand and not jump on top of mini Cap.
“Define lunch or be disintegrated,” she said to him, and he knew that she spent way too much time with her sisters.
“The idea of Captain America was, not me Tony,” Steve said looking at the picture in front of him. Tony knew that this was a blast from the past for him in many ways.
“He was in there for five hours,” Hope added to the conversation, “But when I pulled him out the timer on the suit said that he had only been inside for five seconds.”
“But I needed to come here, I was worried, and then after I found out what was happening, I started worrying about something else. I guess I just didn’t want to leave you alone while you’re going through this.”
“It’s never too late when I can control it,” Tony smiled at Steve before noticing that Steve was struggling against the bindings on his arms. “Stop pulling on those, I made them to withstand even the Hulk so you’re not getting out anytime soon.”
“Well now I have to take you to the hospital, so it can be our second date,” he said without thinking, because he had really thought about the other night as their first even though they hadn’t kissed. He had wanted to, but he hadn’t been sure if Tony would have wanted him too, and permission was something that Steve valued.”
“I’m also certain that there were planes falling out of the sky when it had happened,” Scott Lang said from across the room, which made Tony think just how the stone picked who stayed and who went.
They stood there for a while, before Tony pulled away, “I knew something was going to happen today, from the moment Shuri called I knew something was going to change.”
“I know Tony,” he said before pulling the man he loved into his arms. “Trust me I know, but I also know that if we had the chance to give them back their families, that we should take it.”
“And I want you all to be safe,” he said to them his voice a little quiet. “I don’t know what I would do if I lost you all, and we don’t know what’s going to happen, so for now just stay with your Aunt Pepper,” they were quiet, it probably had something to do with how raw everything felt, he rarely showed sadness towards them, they had had enough of it over the last few years. “If we need you, if we’re desperate, FRIDAY will call you.”
That was a hit that Tony wasn’t ready to take, though his professor had told him that he could make up the work by giving him a more than stellar story for his final, Tony wasn’t too sure about it. He hadn’t started writing his final story, he’d tried several times, but for some reason he couldn’t get the words on paper and it was irritating him. This was something he hadn’t seen coming at all, even though he should have known to never get too attached to things. He didn’t have that luxury, he was a Stark, why should he have nice things or even dream of a life outside of what his father had planned for him.
“That would work very well,” Steve said to him, it was weird for Tony to be this close to Steve without them working on something for Steve’s class, or without Bucky being there to annoy them.
“Yeah, well if we don’t try, then no one else is going home either,” Steve told him, he knew he couldn’t fix this, but he had to try for Tony’s sake.
Steve kissed him on the head, it was nice to just sit here and talk like this, “Who knows, we’ll have to ask her one day.”
Everyone worked quickly around him, Tony was taken away leaving Steve sitting on the ground next to Vision’s lifeless body, the one thing they had hope for. It felt hopeless, they had no way of making sure that Vision would wake up, they had no way of knowing if they were going to be able to change everything, all they had was hope and for Steve that hope was slowly dwindling.
Steve woke up feeling content, and really warm, he could feel Tony in his arms, the lights on the room had been dim enough that they had both fallen asleep without feeling the need to turn them off. Though to his surprise the lights were off anyway, and he wasn’t sure if it was because Tony had gotten up in the middle of the night to turn them off, or if Bucky had come back to the dorm and saw them sleeping like this. He was certain that it hadn’t been Bucky, because his friend had the tendency of snoring or at least snorting in his sleep. He was a deep sleeper and sometimes if he was in the wrong position, he would start snoring loudly.
“Tony, I don’t know,” Steve said, and Tony knew that Steve still had issues with the Shield, he had let go of it once and lost everything.
“Please Pep, I’ll be good next week, but just this weekend let me not have anything to do,” he was begging, and if he had the strength he would be on his hands and knees, but he didn’t know if he would get off the floor again.
“Okay, but you’re going to have to scoot, I won’t fit if you’re hogging the whole bed, I’m not really a small guy if you remember.”
“Well that guy is a major dirtbag if his father told him to use you to get that deal to happen, mainly because they would have just used your name and then say something about how you love the idea even if you’ve never heard about it.”
“So, what’s the girl’s name?” Steve asked curious about the person who had caught his friend’s heart.
“Tony,” Steve growled at him, but Tony decided to slowly put in a second finger as Steve called out his name, the groan that Steve made was worth the wait.
“I’ll try my best,” Clint said before walking out of the room to get the suit. Shuri had been the one working with Tony’s nano tech to make the suits a reality, Tony have given her most of the notes in regards to the suits so that she could adjust them to what they needed.
He tried really hard not to throw up from the whole Quantum leap that they had just done, but everything came out anyway, right onto the rubble from the Battle of Manhattan, while the Avengers fought the Chitari in the background.
Tony spent most of the morning finishing his story after Steve had gone off to work after making sure that Tony had gotten breakfast before promising to pick him up that afternoon. Well it was more like Steve pulling him towards the dining hall, getting coffee into his system just to wake him up. It was strange to think that they were together, stranger now because they’re having their first official date. But there was that goofy grin on Steve’s face once Tony was fully awake that reminded him that this was real, and he was all for this if that’s what it took to have Steve look at him like that.
“We need to go,” Tony said looking around, wondering who had a car and could take them, but he also saw the look in his mother’s eyes as she spotted his phone. “Crap.”
“I can feel you thinking,” Tony said, even muffled by Steve’s shirt he could hear it loud and clear, which only made him stiffen up afraid that this moment would end.
“He does, we set up the basement as his studio, but we had to clean up a lot, so the camping stuff is in the mud room for now, why do you ask, because Steven Grant Rogers, you know it’s too cold to go camping right now.”
Shuri’s face blinked into life in front of him, she smiled at him and he could see nothing but glee in her eyes. “He’s awake,” she said and Tony felt himself stiffen.
Steve couldn’t help but smile, it was good to hear that even Pepper was thinking of the future, even when he was afraid of telling her that that future might not be real, they don’t know the outcome of the mission they were about to embark on, and he knew more than anything how worried Tony was about everything.
“Not really, but I can tell just how tired you are, so I figured you can eat, and then get cleaned up, and we can go back to sleep.”
“Don’t take the blame for something that wasn’t your fault,” Steve told him, and he knew him better than anyone. He hadn’t wanted to have anything to do with the time heist, he liked his life, but he also hated that Peter had died, he felt guilt for not stopping Thanos, and most of all he was afraid that everything that they were doing was going to blow up in their faces.
“I don’t want them,” Steve said, honestly for someone who constantly dominated Tony he was a child when it came to being injured.
“They were there at a.... I’ve a vaguely exact idea,” Tony said which meant it was something that he had read at some point but hadn’t kept the information since it wasn’t relevant. Which meant it had happened during the SHIELD data dump and him and Natasha had done the year after.
“She’s helping with the kids,” Clint told him as he looked between Steve and Tony. “Is that Tony Stark?”
“Steve, I can’t see the key hole,” Tony said, and Steve couldn’t help but laugh, a sleepy Tony was one of his favorite things. “Not... funny.”
“Don’t make fun of me Rhodey, or I’ll tell Carol about all of your moping when she had gotten deployed two years ago, and you didn’t get to go with her because you had broken your leg and had to do physical therapy.”
“If you hurt him though, I know where to hid a body, and no one will ever find you,” she said before getting up and walking out of the room, leaving him dumbstruck right where he sat.
By the end of his shift he had the perfect date planned, there was an old diner in his hometown that had the best burgers, it was an all-night diner with those red booths that you only see on TV shows. If what Jan had told him was right, then Tony would probably love it, Steve wasn’t 100% sure, but he wanted to try. He also asked his brother to check if his tent was around, he wanted to spend the night with Tony under the stars, even though it would be freezing, but a nice fire would help, and he knew the best place to go.
“Sit still,” he said to Steve as he ran the blunt edge of the scissors down Steve’s leg. “I don’t want this to end too soon because I cut you by accident.”
“Yeah,” his other self said, and Tony was sure at that moment that the Hulk would have hit him if he hadn’t stopped. When he saw the Hulk again after all this was over he was going to give him a glass staircase as an apology, for the collection of course. “Stop, stop,” his other said with an authority that even now he couldn’t understand, no one had control over the Hulk.
“But that’s just being adventurous, trying new things, but also doing the things you like,” Tony said, he loved Shawarma, there was a place not far from the mansion that he went to all of the time, the owners knew him and usually had a place for him to sit where no one, not even the paparazzi, would bother him.
“Stop. Just, stop...” Thor said pulling away slamming the bottle down on the table, “I know you think I'm down here wallowing in my own self-pity, waiting to be rescued and and saved. But I'm fine, okay? We're fine, aren't we?”
“Nothing in life is fair Tony,” Steve said smiling at him. “We’re both hard, and I’m planning on finishing this now, because I have to eat soon, and while I like eating your beautiful cock, my meds require actual food.”
Just as she was leaving, he heard her stop to talk to someone, Tony brushed it off thinking that it was just Jarvis and decided to at least try and get comfortable enough to rest. He knew the power of his own mother and he wasn’t going to go against her, he had tried once, and it cost him dearly because the woman locked him out of his workshop when he had been ten and told him that if he was going to win a science fair he would have to do it with the things already in the house. It had taken him more that a month to create something that would had normally taken him two days, but he had won the damn prize anyway.
“Steve, you have to take it, it’s a part of you,” he said knowing that it hurt to look at some days, for both of them. “I cleaned it up for you, painted it and everything. Plus, if we’re talking honestly, we have to get it out of the workshop before Morgan takes it sledding.”
“I did once, but I realized that we would lose so much of each other, the Hulk and I aren’t one person, we’re two different people living together, I would rather it be the two of us sharing than one of us alone.”
“You promise to bring that back in one piece, right?” Rocket said to Clint who was holding the shrunken down Benatar in his hand.
The Annual Stark Christmas Gala was held not just for investors but also employees of Stark Industries, it was a huge party, and one that his mother spent months agonizing over. Tony loved watching the lights turn on this year, he had helped create a more energy efficient set of fairy lights, they twinkled all around them, it had been one of his end of the year projects, though not for school.
“There’s my boy,” she said with a smile before smacking her husband’s hands away. “Damn it, Joe I can walk you know, the doctor said it was alright.”
“Time travel suit?” Rhodes said as Steve walked over to join the others. Steve saw the suit that Scott was wearing, it was designed by Tony, using the same nano particles as Tony’s Iron Man suit, so that they would be able to change into any outfit that would be needed where they were going. It was durable, but it also conformed to the suits that they all normally wore. “Not bad, though the color could be different.”
“I am mad at you, but I also know how much you hate it when I’m hurt so I’ll let it pass,” for the next few hours anyway, he got lucky because Steve still had to take those pills, which meant that he still had a chance, he just had to go to the workshop and get the arm restraints without anyone noticing, or stopping him. “Get some sleep, I’ll be here when you wake up.”
He could see Steve standing there staring at him, it was a short moment, but in that moment, Tony could see the look of loss in his eyes when he realizes what Tony was going to do. “I love you,” Tony whispered as he felt the power rushing through him.
“Okay, so here it is,” Ty said pushing the notebook towards Tony, the sides of the paper was creased a little and the soft leather was warm to the touch almost as if he had been working on it until Tony had gotten there, but Ty looked proud of what he had done. “I have to work for a bit but read through what I have, and I’ll stop by whenever I can.”
“Don’t worry about him,” Tony told Steve, because it didn’t matter anymore, not what Ty wanted, not what Ty’s father had wanted, they weren’t going to take anything from him, not as long as Steve was there, or Natasha stood nearby, his brothers would probably take the guy down too. He had his family, the one that his parents had stitched together over the years, and now he had Steve and Bucky, and all of the people who have their backs as well. Nothing else mattered.
“Yeah but, I guess it has more to do with the fact that even with his allies around him, Captain America always felt... I don’t know if lonely is the right word. It was like something was missing.”
“Oh,” Steve said, and he wasn’t sure if he was blushing or getting sick, but it didn’t matter because Tony talked about him. “I didn’t realize that I was a topic of conversation.”
Tony was never sure about how much Rhodey remembered from that day, but he had let go, dated some random girls for a while that suspiciously looked like Carol and tried to move on. It wasn’t until he had heard about her dying that the man broke down crying once again, he was glad that she had had a happy life. Tony tried his best to be there for him for that, because he had been there for him when his parents died, and even more when Jarvis had died. That was when Rhodey had lost the happiness inside of himself and threw everything he could into his work. He had even become friends with Maria Rambeau and her daughter, who had been his last links to Carol Danvers. Even with only the memory, Tony remembered that there were times that Rhodey would just disappear, he would visit the Rambeau girls bringing them gifts and they would hang out, Rhodey usually helping out around the house, or at least that’s what he had told Tony.
Some lines from the movie are on here, but from the end of this chapter on the story begins to diverge a little more. Some lines are spoken by the same characters from the same scene in the movie, others were adjusted to better fit the larger group of people now in the story. Also, I am not a scientist, or an engineer, I'm just a writer messing with a lot of things, so please don’t judge my lack of knowledge when it comes to scientific jargon.
“Do you think you mother knew... that Bruce was my brother?” Steve asked, he was genuinely curious about it because it felt like too much of a coincidence that this was all happening like this, but then again no one ever really knew everything.
“Honestly speaking, and I know my father is going to hate that I’m saying this because he’s worked so hard on the character, but I think I like your story a lot better.”
“I’m going to have to call the Director,” Sitwell said ready to pull out his phone and make the call.
“As in your childhood home, but I wasn’t supposed to meet your parents until tomorrow, you promised, I had flowers to buy and stuff like that.”
They went out to meet Thor their coats on, Tony left his off, he was already sweating in the suit and he didn’t want to add to that once they were in the car, because as big as his brother was, the man had zero body fat, he was always cold and had the tendency of blasting the heat. They let Bruce take the front seat, while him and Natasha sat in the back, Tony had already ruined their night, he didn’t want them to be too far from one another if he could help it.
“I wasn’t going to drive back just to pick you up Buck, I’m not your god damned chauffer and you know it,” Steve told Bucky, but he knew it would have fallen on deaf ears because Bucky had started snoring not long afterwards. Kicking the chair and forcing his friend to wake up, he couldn’t help but wonder why this was the way his morning was going. “Just go back to the dorms.”
“All right. The glove's ready. Question is, who's gonna snap their freaking fingers?” Rocket said pulling him away from his thoughts. Steve walked through the door and looked over at Tony, which meant that they needed to talk but with the present situation at hand it was going to have to wait.
“Yeah, sure,” Sam said, looking over at Steve before walking off rushing off to his room on the second floor.
They did have dinner at the dining hall, talking for two hours, getting caught up on what they did over the summer, Jan had gone to Europe with her parents, while Tony and Nat had spent it in the Hamptons on the beach. They talked about their classes, and both girls constantly reminded Tony that he needed to get out more and stay away from writing all of the time, he humored them but, in the end, he knew that he would keep writing. He was a triple major in some ways, he was working on his Ph.D. in mechanical engineering and programming, while getting a B.A. in writing. He had already tested out of most of his classes because he had taken a lot of his college courses while in high school, he hadn’t needed the prerequisite courses at all, so all he needed to do was concentrate on his degrees, he had a set schedule for everything so he needed to stay on track for that. He couldn’t have a relationship, even a crush wasn’t optional, it was the only rule he was going to give himself, because he was afraid of someone hurting him again.
The semester had started before the store had reopened, and Tony had to settle with going to a different bookstore all summer and brewing his own coffee. Yeah, he could do that, but he had money, why not have someone else do it for him. Plus, the Barnes coffee shop had some kind of crack in their coffee and Tony needed it at least once a day to function.
“It’s what we do,” he said walking towards the door. “See you after my morning classes on Monday Pep.”
“Yeah you do, I mean you were just going to spend the whole weekend watching Captain America movies and writing fanfiction, I know you Tones, you never really change.”
“Sorry. Force of habit, I have kids I have to keep a lot of people happy,” he said with a sigh. “You know, I keep telling everyone they should move on and... grow. Some do. But not us,” admitting that he wasn’t really over what happened to anymore was a big step. Tony knew, Tony invented a million things to keep the kids safe, Steve read Morgan books about a happier world, and drew with Miles on the side of buildings to bring up people’s moral. But in the back of his head he always wondered about whether they would have been happier if their families had survived.
“I’m being careful,” Bruce said, but they all watched to see if there was a hint of green in his eyes, but there wasn’t. Bruce was very proud of the fact that him and the Hulk had learned to coexist with one another, and it showed more and more.
To his surprise, when he walked in Steve was sitting on Bucky’s bed sending Tony a megawatt smile, which honestly should be illegal in any country, Tony wasn’t even sure why he was in the room in the first place, Tony hadn’t seen Bucky since he had gone to class earlier so he didn’t know how Steve had gotten into the room.
“Oh Captain, my Captain,” he said knowing that the reference would go over Steve’s head, since they hadn’t gotten to that one movie in particular, and honestly it wasn’t the best reference, but who cared when Captain America himself wanted to lick his ass open. “But that’s not how today is going to work,” he said although he regretted it, but he really just wanted to get the show on the road because this was already too much to handle.
“Not from what I read, and I’ve read through both of your stories, there’s too many similarities in your story Mr. Stone, almost as if Mr. Stark did most of the work and you claimed it as your own, I understand that the dialogue is yours, I’ve read enough of your work from earlier in the semester to know how you write dialogue, but a lot if not all of the exposition was not written by you.”
“I’ll never get used to that,” he says to Steve while washing his face on the open fountain, they had found themselves in front of.
“All right Avengers,” Steve said standing in front of the display, “We have a plan. Six stones, three teams. One shot.”
“Cap, what do you want me to do with this damn thing?” Clint said, saved only by his own daughter’s arrows flying by him.
They were quiet as they drove towards the facility, Natasha, Bruce, Scott, Hope, as well as Vision and Shuri, were standing there, none of them looked like they had slept at all. Tony sighed as he got out of the car, leaving all of the windows down so the air would circulate while the kids slept. Steve followed him, hugging everyone as he got to them.
“Get your helmet on, Scott,” Hope said with a smile as she listened to the panicked conversation happening next to her. “We’re going to start by sending you back a week, let you walk around for an hour, and then we’ll bring you back in 10 seconds. That makes sense, right?”
“It’s not too simple is it?” he asked still a little wary about what he put together, but he knew that Tony liked it just from the way he was looking around.
“She was in love with Bucky,” Steve said walking into the room, taking in the scene in front of him. “She told me during one of those days when I had stopped here, hell she told me the day you came back on that ship looking like you hadn’t eaten or slept in weeks.”
“Hey there,” he heard Ty say pulling him out of his thoughts about Steve and the good old Captain, Ty was a good guy, so maybe this could go somewhere and help Tony get over his crush.
“See you two are alike in some ways, but also different in others because I’m pretty certain that you wouldn’t like to sit through an entire ballet.”
“And there’s also the fact that there’s a lot of us,” Sharon said as she helped set up a nearby table while Everette Ross manned a grill that Tony had built for days when Thor was here. It was hard enough to cook to feed a super soldier, but feeding Thor was another thing entirely. “It’s easier if we’re all out here.”
There was one orphanage near the tip of Manhattan that he hadn’t visited until one rainy September afternoon, he had been on his way home when he saw it, the building falling apart on the outside, but it was warm on the inside. Kids running around, laughing, playing, it felt like the lake house when all of the kids were there, Tony automatically wanted to offer his services. He ended up sitting in a room with a fussy toddler, the people working there were having a hard time with her.
“Well this date is going a lot better than I had planned,” Steve smiled into the kiss. “Now let's go get dinner.”
“Well I live down the block, but you already knew that,” Steve couldn’t help but smile, it had been Pepper who had told him that Tony lived near him, which then gave him the idea to come over. “And since you’re on bedrest for the rest of the weekend, I thought I’d come over and hang out with you for a little while. We can watch a movie and eat these cookies I made.”
“What if someone here used the stones and decided to change everything, what would happen then?” Shuri asked the room, which was now silent as they thought about what they were attempting.
“You get a reading on those tremors?” Natasha asked Okoye, pulling Steve out of his thoughts, Okoye looked like she was speaking from Shuri’s lab in Wakanda, which made Steve wonder where the Wakandan Queen was at the moment.
“I wanted to climb you like a tree at dinner,” Tony said and Steve really wanted to laugh, it was sweet to hear all of this, but he wasn’t sure just how much Tony was going to remember.
“Mr. Stone, I am not nor have I ever been one to favor someone’s ability to pass my classes based on their family background, Mr. Stark is an exceptional student, as one with multiple majors is, his work is something I enjoy reading, I have also referred this to the dean of the English department, who has read through both stories as well as all of your other work and she has said that there are too many similarities for this to go unnoticed.”
“Did you bring the vibranium?” he asked, she had taken what had been left of what he had gotten from his little space adventure, and he hoped that she would bring more. He needed to make something to stabilize their trip, and the vibranium would be useful in creating what he needed.
“Aw, can we keep him,” Shuri said a smile on her face, for some reason Scott’s ordeal had given them all something to laugh about. Steve was sure that FRIDAY was recording because this was something that they were all going to have a laugh over when Scott was back to normal.
“Because that’s where the mirror is genius,” he answered rubbing his head, thankfully the mirror was intact, and so were Tony’s glasses.
“Can we not talk about whatever this is,” Tony said as he pulled away. “I don’t know if I can take rejection from you right now.”
In his story Cap was in love with Iron Man, and while Cap hadn’t known the true identity of his friend it hadn’t stopped him from falling in love. Natasha had called it cheesy in a way, but it was his story to tell, even when she helped him with his writing, even when she called it too much like one of those romcoms that they always watched together, she still smiled at the sad pining looks that the two would give one another. He knew that she was a secret romantic at heart, he saw the hopeful looks she had given him whenever she talked about Bucky, she felt the same way that Bucky did, they were in love, even with only two months of dating even with her secrecy about who she was. Tony had taken their story and slowly weaved it into his own, even before learning the truth about Steve, the Winter Soldier had fallen for the Black Widow, and no one knew about it, because that was as far as Tony would write it. Natasha would have to write her own story, he wasn’t going to go anywhere near it.
“You’re joking right?” she had to be, his father was always hard on him for every little thing, no matter how small it was. There was no way that man would soften up for anything, especially if its something Tony had done.
“Yes, well it seems as if it wasn’t me who would get that dance in the first place, and while I had loved you once, I did find the man I was meant to be with thanks to you, so I can’t fault you for anything.”
“No, it’s a math thing, and I know for a fact that you’d be good at it since I’ve seen the weird equations you write on your wall in your room.”
“I’m going to be in the back for a while,” Steve told Natasha as she cleaned up the children’s books that some of the kids had left scattered around.
He ran with it, if it meant that he could get her back to bed before Steve found out that she was awake, which was highly unlikely because he had super hearing, and also because Steve had a sixth sense of when the kids were going to do something, or doing something that they shouldn’t be doing.
“But what would I write about that’s not Captain America related?” he asked while pulling away, he was stressed about it, he knew this, but he also wanted to make her proud.
“We all lost someone, some more than most,” he told her reminded of the Battle of Wakanda, the look on Shuri’s face when she was told that her brother hadn’t made it. She had lost her mother who had gone to help her after one of Thanos’ children had broken in to get to Vision. He still sees the broken look in Tony’s eyes when he looks at the picture of him and Peter that sits in the kitchen of their still unfinished house.
“Put him on,” Tony said without hesitation, he remembers when he was trying his best because Wanda was going to need Vision, if the heist went as planned, she would still need him just as much as they would all need each other.
“You have an entire team of super heroes up there to take care of Steve, I already told Natasha that they have to take care of him,” Pepper said to him still glaring, he was going to have to buy her something expensive and he knew it. “Tony, you’re responsible for the company, you may have put me in charge, but you still have to work, and you’ve neglected that work for too long.”
“It was to me, I mean, I liked how open you were when we first talked, and it doesn’t hurt that I find you attractive,” he stopped himself before moving to get up. “We can talk about this later, after we get you all fixed.”
“Oh, well... our next date, since you planned all of this,” Tony said to him and Steve could see the slight shyness in Tony’s eyes. It made his heart speed up a little thinking that Tony actually liked the idea of the date Steve had planned.
It was the last few days of the fall semester, that one week that ended right in the middle, and Tony wasn’t sure why it was needed other than to torture him with more classes, and even with all of the ups and downs that had happened over the last few months, Tony was absolutely happy. He was sitting in his final fiction writing class, having moved towards the front because he didn’t want to sit next to Ty at all, while their professor talked about all the work that everyone had put into their final stories, never once singling a student out. He talked to the class about some internship opportunities as well as his spring semester teaching assistant position for the next year, as long as they had a good GPA in the major, they were welcomed to apply. Tony wasn’t sure he wanted any of that, he was happy just taking his classes and working on his own projects, so it didn’t really sink in for him. It was a good way to end the year, even when he had thought he wouldn’t finish the class, when he felt down about everything, this was the best way to finish.
“Well, technically I’m a certified genius, but it’s not something I really tell people,” he said, but mainly to himself, he had been bullied for being a nerd in school, for a lot of things actually because of the glasses of course being shorter than his own brothers one of which had been a huge football star at the school, the whole thing made him wary to tell people about it. “I’ve done most of my prerequisite courses while I was in high school, so I only really have to concentrate on my major courses.”
He had seen him in the gossip rags they sold, the face was noticeable and honestly why would Tony Stark waste his time on a small independent bookstore when his family had as much money as they did. He turned away from the group and focused on fixing the broken shelf that had been in front of him. One of their regulars, who had been trying to flirt with Darcy, had accidentally fallen into the shelf and broken it, and Steve just wanted to deal with that and not the constant rumors of whether Stark was coming into the store or not.
“Dad, Mom’s just messing with you,” One of Steve’s younger brothers called out from behind them. He wasn’t sure which one, his nerves were getting the better of him at the moment so he couldn’t remember who was who.
For the first time since he had entered the room, Tony opened his eyes, there were tears forming, but the man laughed them off, quickly wiping them away. “You know you’re really good at that,” he said with a laugh. “The speech thing,” he wiped the tears away before opening his arms for a hug that Steve took gladly.
“Can someone tell me what’s going on?” he asked rubbing his cheek, just as Natasha lunged towards him again, before she could do anything Bucky grabbed her and placed her near the counter.
The war effort during this time was nothing like what Steve had known, and Tony didn’t want him to be subjected to the hatred that most Army Vets got from going overseas. They were just serving their country, but they had also ended up with a lot of the blame that should have rested on the shoulders of the people in charge.
“Oh well,” Tony didn’t know if he should tell him the whole truth, but since Steve had shared with him the truth about the origins of Captain America it was only fair that Tony should share his background to the characters as well. “Okay, remember how you said that your dad had made characters for each of your brothers.”
“Do I want to know why you broke into my room?” Tony asked putting his bag on his bed before going to his desk to turn on his computer. He needed to finish the chapter he had been writing before dinner, or else Nat was going to show up and force him to be human, which he was trying to avoid, and if he was in the robotics lab then he would be free, mainly because it was the one place where she wasn’t allowed and couldn’t follow him.
“I don’t know it’s entirely up to him, but he’s trying to move on and it’s not my place to stop him, even if he has some rather self-destructive tendencies lately.”
Jumping down from the side of the building he made his way to where Tony and Scott were standing. He could see the defeated looks on their faces long before he reached them.
“Sir? I don’t understand,” Sitwell said, and he knew that this was the moment where he would hate himself for what he was about to do to his other self.
He worked on his first writing assignment that night, frequently getting messages from Ty, which was nice, they were becoming fast friends so maybe Tony could hide in the library when Ty was working. They had only talked by text, or during class, Tony often rushing off towards his next class, because his father had made sure that his schedule was packed so that Tony wouldn’t stray from where he was supposed to be going in his life. The messages were a reprieve, his first college friend outside of knowing his roommate, his own sister and their childhood friend. At least it fit Natasha’s criteria that he needed to socialize, so that was one very huge upside to the whole thing.
“Stay out of my head Nat,” he said even though the smirk on his face wasn’t going away anytime soon. “And get out of my apartment, you have your own for a reason.”
“Don’t worry, I won’t make fun of you for it, I like Captain America, although you must hate him if you got teased for having the same name as him, but don’t worry, I won’t tease you,” Tony said trying to make him feel better and Steve felt bad for the first time in his life about the whole Captain America thing.
“We didn’t get to talk about this because you and Scott were arguing,” Steve said to him as he pulled them away from the fountain and sat him down at a nearby bench. “What happened with the Hulk?”
But on Tony’s wall there was someone very different when it came to Captain America, maybe a real friend, one that Steve had always wished existed. He had friends in real life, but for Captain America, he really only had allies, even with Bucky being a character in the story or Sam’s Falcon, there were days where it didn’t feel like it was real, because they were his real life friends. Steve studied the image at the center of all of Tony’s pictures, it was a drawing of Captain America, and from the name underneath one of the images, Iron Man, as the Captain held on tight to the other man while they flew through the air, not far from them he could see Stark Tower, the old building above Grand Central Station, the sun setting in the background as the stars slowly made their appearance. It was a great picture, though he wished that he had been the one to draw it for some reason.
“Maybe the one in Wakanda changed its molecular makeup when it came into the Earth’s atmosphere,” he said thinking of what could have made the metal so different here on Earth then the one they had found in Knowhere.
“Where is he? I mean I know Rhodes has been tracking him, but I don’t really know what he’s been up to.”
Steve knew that Tony was distracted, from the moment he helped Tony out of the car, they hadn’t even taken a step forward, and he was already thinking that maybe this was too simple of a date for Tony. There was something to be said about dating someone who came from money, maybe Tony thought that they would go to a restaurant or something fancy.
“Mom, Dad,” Steve said bringing Tony back to what was in front of him. “This is Tony, my boyfriend,” hearing Steve say that one word gave Tony hope for everything he could ever want. It was sweet and seeing Steve blush made the whole thing worth it.
“Thanks J,” he said digging the pill bottle out of his pocket. After being in enough tough spots since he had been defrosted, the doctors working with the Avengers had to develop all kinds of medications, not just for Steve, but for Bruce and Thor as well. The metabolism of a super soldier burned through normal types of medications, so they had developed stronger ones that needed special permission to be used so that normal agents didn’t get their hands on it. Luckily for all of them it would knock Steve out for a few hours, from what Tony understood, Steve would be out for at least two hours, which would give Tony enough time to put his plan in motion.
The rest of the facilities inhabitants were beginning to walk over to see what was happening, and honestly Tony wasn’t sure if he should intervene or not, considering Clint had been spending less and less time with his kids. The three of them had spent more time over the years at his and Steve’s house than they had with their own father. All of the Avengers were sure that when Clint went back to the farm house he rarely spent time with the kids, even when he tried his best, but the loss of his wife had hit the man very hard.
“That doesn’t sound mild,” Scott sounded worried from his end, and Tony knew it wasn’t mild at all but it was their only shot for his other self to let go of the case.
“I know who they are, though I’m not sure if it’s a joke of if it’s real, because there’s no way in hell anyone named Stark was going to our school,” Bucky said and Steve thought that maybe it wasn’t a Stark, but someone who just so happened to share the name. Rogers was a common name, even Steve Rogers was common, with more than a few popping up all over the country.
“It’s a miniaturized arc reactor,” Tony said even though he knew that it didn’t explain everything, hell he never told his father about his plans to make the reactor at the power plant more cost efficient, his father would say that it was impossible. “Okay, so I never wrote about Iron Man’s origins, although I’ve wanted to, I just didn’t think that people were interested. This is the first time I’m writing it into the story because I wanted to create a deeper relationship between the two of them.”
“What?” Thor said looking confused at the group, Bruce rubbing his back knowing full well how badly he had relapsed after just a few days.
When they were back in Tony’s dorm, snuggled into the bed, Bucky and Natasha were out and Steve couldn’t be more thankful about it, they just sat there in each other’s arms. Tony snuggling right into his chest, Steve could feel his warm breath against his shirt making him sigh in happiness. He was sure that Tony had fallen asleep in his arms, the stress of the day falling away and leaving him happy, which Steve thought was the best kind of relief after being knocked down.
“You know, if you're about to tell me to look on the bright side. Um... I'm about you to hit you in the head with a peanut butter sandwich,” she says to him as a joke, before smiling.
It took them several hours to figure things out, and even then, they weren’t sure because the gem they were trying to synthesize kept breaking down. They weren’t sure about what to do, even two geniuses needed help every once and a while.
“You two are gross, please don’t talk about your sex life around me,” Tony said throwing a pillow at them, of course she caught it before it hit her and tossed it back.
Steve had made his way to the kitchen, mainly to get away from all of the noise and to get something to eat, he was debating whether or not he should just leave and go hang out with Tony. Deciding that he would have a better time just hanging out with Tony, even if all Tony would talk about was his project, he grabbed some food and went to look for a bag to put them in smiling as he did it. He was about to leave, when the door swung open behind him and all of a sudden Sharon was standing in front of him with a smile on her face.
“It’s good that he has a friend like you to help him then,” Steve said knowing that it was the truth, but he couldn’t help but feel that Rhodes was judging him. That this was a test of some kind, in the same way that his own family protected him after his break-up, or how Sam and Bucky had been there for him after he had been injured at the end of his last season playing ball. Rhodes was assessing his worthiness to be Tony’s friend, and Steve hoped that he passed that test, because he honestly wouldn’t know what to do if he failed.
“I don’t know if I could, I mean one of the people who was with us on Titan had the time stone, which I heard was the reason why everything went sideways over here, and I thought about how if we had just used it we could have changed the fight in our favor, but now there’s no way of knowing, and honestly I wouldn’t know if I would change anything if it ended up messing with the space time continuum.”
“We can turn around and act like we don’t know anything,” Tony said quietly, the kids in the back seat of the car asleep in their seats. “We don’t have to be here,” he kept going, it was fear that was running through his mind. They lost everything once, he couldn’t bare losing everything all over again.
“Together,” he heard Tony whisper, which distracted him for a moment, but it was all he needed to keep going even as Thanos’ double sword smashed down on the shield severing it in half and sending him flying across what had once been their home, and into the ground.
“Everybody come home,” Hulk said to them as he puts on the gauntlet, Tony couldn’t help but watch as the stones lit up the Hulk’s arm, the power was really something else. Tony had never seen the Hulk in any kind of pain before but from the look on his face it was evident that the power of the gauntlet was taking its toll.
“Steve is the kind of person who would throw his whole heart at someone,” Bucky told him without preamble. “I hurt him I know this, and as weird as this is, because it’s weird, I’ve noticed him acting funny around me.”
“Do you like the stars?” Tony asked him, and Steve couldn’t help but remember that night the week before, although now it feels like an eternity ago. He remembered how the light from the moon had made Tony all but glow in Steve’s eyes.
“Do you make it a habit to know everyone that your boys are dating?” Steve could hear his father questioning his mother, Steve of all people knew that his mother just wanted them all to be happy, but she also wanted to get to know people outside of her nursing job.
“And here I thought my family was big,” Tony said with a smile, “It’s nice, you know to never really be alone.”
“Well this just got a million times more complicated,” Natasha said as she leaned into Bucky while rubbing her face, “And we don’t know where he went either, because his first instinct is to go somewhere that no one would be able to follow.
“What's in New Jersey?” Scott asked but Tony instead started rambling to himself before turning his attention to the little machine that was guiding their way through time.
He had looked up the character a few times, it had taken him a while to realize that it was a part of a fanfiction that had been written by someone named IamIronMan, which meant that Tony read it as well and loved the series. After that Steve couldn’t help himself, he started drawing the character, even if he hadn’t read any of the stories. Instead imagining himself as the character that his father created for him and creating little comics about his adventures with Iron Man who had started to look more and more like Tony. From that it just turned to him wondering about his attraction to Tony and things like that, because he hadn’t really felt anything for anyone since his and Bucky’s break up.
"Yeah, we boarded that highly suspect warship that Danvers pinged,” Rocket said from the screen, pulling Steve out of his thoughts. Even though he didn’t want to be Captain America, he was still actively working, Tony knew this, in the same way that Steve knew that Tony made suits of armor for their friends and family.
The guy was really asking the harder questions, the ones that he’s been asking himself for a long time now, though he was glad that he wasn’t with Bucky anymore, at least if it meant that he could have a chance with Tony in the end. “Well, he said it was because we needed to grow up, and that we weren’t that good together anyway. He actually broke my heart, and I didn’t talk to him for a while, but I think it was a good thing that it had happened, because in that time I realized that he was right. We hadn’t been that good of a couple. We’re more like brothers than anything else and when I realized that, well the whole memory of the relationship felt weird.”
“This is a punishment Steve, there’s got to be some consequences for your actions,” even if they were extremely painful for Tony as well. “Don’t worry, I got you,” he said before kneeling back down and putting three fingers inside of Steve’s hole, making Steve jerk up in the process as Tony brushed over his prostate.
“You know, the day it happened we were visiting this school, I had just gotten the acceptance letter,” she said to him when they were sitting on a bench. Her name was Riri Williams, and she had been accepted into the school the day her family vanished in front of her eyes. Instead of staying home, she took the chance to go to the school, because she hoped that she would make her parents proud of her, but also, she wanted to have a crack at trying to find a way to bring them back.
“Okay,” Steve couldn’t help but smile, he wanted to know more, maybe even finding something to like about the character.
When Steve let out a laugh as that and pulled him into his arms Tony felt himself relax a little, “Sounds like a deal Shellhead,” he whispered into Tony’s ear.
“I brought you here because this was the first place that I wanted to take you, I wanted to share with you a piece of who I am,” Steve told Tony, honesty was the best policy in his mind. “This date, well it starts here because it’s somewhere I always went growing up, and I just wanted to show you these parts of myself.”
They picked up Sam and drove off, Sam talking about a girl he had met over the summer who was also a student at the school, though he wasn’t sure if the girl liked him back, though Sam like Bucky also looked at relationships differently than Steve had, mainly because Sam had been trying to get over someone who he had never dated, Sam had pinned and then tried to get over it, even though Bucky spent a lot of time annoying him about not doing anything about the crush. So, now Bucky was ignoring Sam’s attempt at a new relationship, mainly because he liked acting like a little shit, but it didn’t matter because in the end Bucky had told him to get his shit together and ask her out.
Seeing Tony walk into the room smiling, with another man right on his heels had stopped Steve’s heart, he wasn’t sure about how to take the tall man’s appearance. Then Tony turned the full wattage of his smile towards Steve, before all but launching himself at him, which confused him for a moment before he gave up his own train of thought and put his arms around Tony.
“I sometimes feel I should put it in a locked box and drop it at the bottom of a lake... go to bed,” he said wishing that he could do it without the ramifications of what it would do to the people he loved and cared about the most.
“Yeah!” Scott answered and it took everything in his power not to hit the other man, supersoldier or not, Steve wanted to punch the guy for making Tony take the blame for something that wasn’t his fault.
Steve bent down and kissed Tony on the forehead, “I’ll come back I swear,” he whispered before walking out of the room, he knew if he stopped again, if he looked back, he wouldn’t have the heart to leave. But he needed to do this, not just for Tony, but for everyone who was counting on them.
“We want our families back,” Lila said a sadness in her eyes, “I want my dad to stop looking so sad.”
“I wanted to kiss you the other night, I bet your lips are soft... so soft... I wonder what you would look like with a beard?” There was amusement in Steve’s eyes, but he couldn’t stop himself, “Maybe some hot lumberjack, do you own flannel shirts, I bet you do, it would look really good on you... maybe some blue checkered shirt.”
“You think I’m cute,” Scott says looking at Hope before he gets sucked back into the quantum tunnel.
As they walked out, he saw DUM-E and U rolling around grabbing papers off the floor that had been knocked over while they played, U grabbing the broom and sweeping up the floor. This was his home, made up of a group of dysfunctional bots who he loved like his children, and a group of wayward heroes that became his family. Even when they fought one another, even when they disagreed over what to watch on their random movie nights, this was his family and it was one he came to on his own.
“I’m the only one in my family that’s not adopted, Thor and Loki are brothers and their parents had been friends with my parents when they died so of course my parents adopted them, after that Clint came along, and then my mom wanted a girl so they adopted my sister only to find out they had finally conceived so I was raised as an almost twin to my sister.”
Tony could feel the heat of Steve’s words, he knew that Steve was restraining himself, and it wasn’t from the things that were currently keeping him bound to the bed. It was because he knew it was Tony’s punishment, but fucking hell the man still had full control over everything Tony did in their room and it made him shiver with anticipation. There was also the fact that Tony knew that the toys would be used against him in the future, maybe not the vibrator because that was for Steve only.
Honestly Tony wanted to block him out completely, not listen to anything that Ty had to say especially after what Ty had revealed about his father’s intent on having Ty befriend him and then Ty taking the story that Tony had helped write and turning it in as his own, well Tony wasn’t sure he wanted a friend like that. To his surprise, he saw that Steve had been waiting down the hall for him, and Tony couldn’t have been happier than he was at that moment, because it meant that there was someone there to be a buffer between Tony and Ty. What did surprise him was that Natasha was also there and Bucky was running towards them, almost as if they had planned to meet up and surprise him.
“That’s only because you ran his foot over that one time, and now he refuses to sit behind you,” Steve said to him as he grabbed his stuff. Unlike Bucky, who lived in the dorms, Steve lived in the same house as Sam and the rest of their fraternity, though they weren’t like the others on campus, they were mostly just the guys on the baseball team, or those who had played baseball. Though Steve didn’t play anymore, he loved his room at the house, and wouldn’t give it up for the world, mainly because he had always shared with everyone and that room was the one place that had been his own.
“Well... there are somethings that happened over the last few weeks, other than that who misunderstanding with Steve, and it just feels like writing isn’t in my blood after all.”
“Alright beloved,” he called out as he walked into the room to Steve with his arms crossed over his chest. “Time for your meds.”
“I know, and we’ll try our best,” Steve told him before pulling away and kissing him. “Now let's do this and when the kids come over, we’ll watch a movie and ignore the fact that tomorrow morning while they’re in bed, we’ll be attempting to change the universe.”
“Because one time when we were kids, Clint poured a bottle of water on him while he was sleeping and the next day he woke up without eyebrows,” Natasha said walking into the room, Tony couldn’t help but smile at the memory, it had been the best revenge, except he had to change the lock on his door and reinforce it for a whole week before their mother put a stop to the war. “I think he had been what eight when that happened?”
Tony watched as his other self, dropped the case and falls to the ground, he knows how much it hurts when the reactor isn’t working properly, or was actively trying to kill you. He remembered the one time it had been taken out forcefully and he hated his former godfather for the pain he had put him through. Ignoring the scene in front of him, he slowly walked forward as Scott pushed the case forward, as if it were normal for it to move like that after it had fallen.
“Not now Clint,” Steve said annoyed that that was the first thing that had come out of Clint’s mouth. “Can you just get Sam to give you the first aid kit that we keep in the café.”
“You’re coming over for dinner tomorrow too, I told my mom when I got home, about how lonely and sad you were going to be, and she said that there’s always room for you at the table,” Rhodey told him before grabbing him and pulling him into a hug. “Though she was weirded out about the fact that your family left you all alone this weekend.”
Tony was lost, mainly because he hadn’t seen either of them in the last two weeks, mostly because of midterms, he had barely talked to anyone, because while he hated taking tests, he still took them, studying the material at the last moment, even though he knew everything by heart. The only thing he could gage from the conversation was that there was a guy, and if it hadn’t been for Bucky’s dreamy stare the last few days, he wouldn’t have put two and two together.
“Nat and Barnes, really,” he said thinking about Natasha and the Winter Soldier. “Do I even want to know how that happened.”
“We’ll get you your suit, but remember you can’t change anything at all,” Bruce said to him, and they all knew the reason was because if Clint so much as changes something it could have repercussions for them all.
“We can’t,” Tony said his voice barely a whisper. “Vision hasn’t woken up, Shuri nearly broke the cradle because of it. Now this, I honestly don’t know what to do with myself.”
“He’s not really alone you punk,” Bucky said as he walked over, his arm around Natasha, “but I appreciate you bringing Nat here.”
“All right, we all have our assignments. Two stones uptown, one stone, down. Stay low. Keep an eye on the clock,” Steve said all the while Scott was mumbling about how nuts it was to give Tony a heart attack.
“Just tell me who it is?” Sam asked pushing for answers, and he knew that Sam would ask questions, it’s been a while since Steve even thought about dating, everyone thought that him and Sharon had a thing, they didn’t but since Steve hadn’t jumped on it and stopped the rumors, the whole debate over whether or not they were dating had become fueled to everyone because Steve hadn’t confirmed the relationship or denied it either. He wished that he had denied the whole thing from the beginning so that things like this wouldn’t keep happening to him.
He didn’t know if it was a good idea, because maybe Steve had gone to that party with Bucky, or maybe Steve didn’t really like him. But he decided to try anyway, and sent Steve a message, asking him if he could still pick him up, he had thought it was stupid to even send it in the first place, but Steve quickly replied sending a message back with a smiley face, and then not even five minutes later he was standing in front of Tony breathless and smiling.
That had been another surprise, while Tony had been sure that Loki was Pansexual, his most recent relationship had ended two months before, though he was here with a friend, Tony wasn’t sure who. Thor had fallen for some scientist who had come to work on a project at S.I. and Thor had been trying to convince to stay. Tony waved at Clint, and his fiancé Laura, which surprised no one, mainly because Laura had been the only one to keep Clint in check and from climbing into the vents at S.I. Thor all but carried Tony across the room before pushing him in front of a young scientist with curly hair flopped over his face, the man was smiling at Thor, and if it hadn’t been for Tony’s contacts, he would have gone blind. It was nice to see Thor so happy, hell it was nice to see everyone so happy.
They stopped far enough away that no one was around to hear them, but close enough in case they were needed. He saw the worried look in Carol’s eyes and he wasn’t sure why, it could be nerves just like any one of them, but there was something else there that he couldn’t place.
“You mean that guy I hit, he was just in the way, she had no right,” the guy yelled out, but Steve was already on her other side, trying to stop her from doing anything else. “I wasn’t doing anything.”
He couldn’t help but laugh at the same words he had uttered to Sam the first time he had met the man. Just as the words had finished bright golden portals appeared around them, they had been a few just a moment ago and now he saw as Okoye, stepped through with the Black Panther next to her, Shuri smiling as she ran forward from another portal, which looked like it had come from somewhere in the buried compound. Shuri threw herself at her brother but got a knowing look from Okoye for leaving Wakanda without telling her. A moment later, Sam’s Falcon armor flys over them just as dozens of other portals appear around them.
“Hey,” Carol said as she walked over to where Steve was. “There’s something I’ve been meaning to talk to you and Tony about, but since he’s busy, do you think we could talk before we did whatever it is, we’re doing with this glove.”
“I was trying to stop it from happening, but I really like him,” Tony told his roommate, the truth was always the best way to go, he knew this from experience, but mostly because he couldn’t lie for shit. “He sees me, he sees what everyone else doesn’t, to him I’m not Tony Stark the kid genius in the Stark family, I’m just Tony the guy who writes fanfiction, talks about robots and likes studying.”
Vision’s face came up on the screen, no longer grey and dead, it was strange to see him alive when everyone else had died. “Hello Mr. Stark.”
