Lisa’s introducing herself to Greg when Mycroft walks in, he’s lost the suit jacket and tie and John isn’t certain he’s ever seen him look more casual. Add to that the flecks of white decorating his trousers and the sides of his once spotless shoes John ponders briefly that this must be what he’d look like ravished, he can’t help but laugh, it’s loud and startles everyone in the room to silence, the little girl in his arms taps the side of his face and he dips his lips to kiss her hand.
He remembers his father’s face when he had been left with the scrawny new born and forced to watch his wife being loaded into an ambulance nevertheless they continued with life, Mycroft providing any aid he could at the age of seven, he would sit with his brother in the garden while their father worked in his greenhouse, telling him all he knew of clouds and the movements of the sun and moon; everything he could remember his mother telling him in their afternoons in the garden. Mycroft learned to feed and sooth him; he would sing French lullabies to him while he stayed stubbornly awake once their father had fallen asleep for the evening, normally slumped in the rocking chair the nursery had always carried.
John couldn’t put his finger on quite why he felt as if he’d been hit by a bus but that was the distinct impression he’d been left with.
“Fuck you Denise. You know she’s a friend and colleague nothing more. If you want to get nasty, fine, we can get nasty. Tell me who were you fucking tonight? Have you changed around again? Is he younger? Older? Fatter? Thinner?” Denise sneered at him but refused to answer. They both knew her usual haunts. There would be plenty of evidence if he needed it.
I hope my home is still there and that I will still be welcome within it when I finally make it back to London.
Greg’s mobile starts to ring in the silence, John watched the man scramble through his pockets till he found it. Greg greeted Sally and listened in silence while she yelled down the phone clearly annoyed.
‘As long as you know it’s there,’ a change of topic seems to be in order, ‘you’ve got a beautiful home Mycroft.’ The grounds John can see in the limited light seem to stretch outwards in all directions, it’s more extensive than it seems from the front, high trees stand sentinel on all the three sides not occupied by the impressive house.
Also between you and Mycroft I would have liked to see myself attempt to sneak cocaine into the flat. I did manage it once John; in the early days of our friendship while you were still pursuing Sarah and I was still unused to being surrounded by affectionate people (read here Mrs. Hudson and yourself for I doubt I would ever have called Mycroft affectionate) it may still be there, the cocaine.
Also vague trigger warnings: Discussions of issues relating to recovery from trauma, If you've read to this point you know Mina's been through some terrible things but there's a little more detail here. Please look after yourselves and read safe. MJ x
“Maybe, but we’ll be making the world safer and not just for Mina. Not just for our family but for everyone. They took people from their homes and wrapped them in bombs; they took children and raised them to be slaves. Mycroft we’re already at war. I’m just talking about fighting back. They’re terrorising the people we care about and the country three of the people in this room promised to protect with our lives.”
“Well we haven’t ruled out the Americans or the Russians yet; although my equivalent in the United States, although interested, seemed uninformed.  Helena has been investigating Moran for years and came close to capturing him when Moriarty set up base in London. I imagine I’ll be working closely with her for a while.”
Please notice the slight change in tags. PTSD (and all its associated fun) is going to come into force quite a bit in this chapter. If that's not something you can handle this chapter isn't for you. Leave a comment if you've had to skip it but want a summary and i'm more than happy to do that.
“I trust you with everything Myc, you brought me in from the cold on one of the worst nights of my life and you made me feel safe and loved. That’s a gift I can’t return to you.”
“Sherlock gave me step by step instructions for if Mycroft ever kidnapped me…again,” John answered simply. The pair of them had sat on the carpet in 221b’s living room, Chinese food boxes and the schematics for Mycroft’s myriad of vehicles scattered around them with Sherlock pointing out all the most common places for handgun concealment as well as a few ideas on how to befuddle his captors. It had taken him three months to convince Sherlock sewing cyanide tablets into their coat collars was too far; John should never have let him watch those spy films.
‘All I have ever wanted John is for them to be happy,’ he says it with such emotional intent that John is taken aback, he’s never heard Mycroft’s voice break in that manner, he fails to recollect a time when it’s been anything other than solid,
‘Uh sure’ the man he’s speaking to flicks his fingers towards the door and the man opposite nods; he exits without saying a word. ‘If you’re not keeping an eye on the case then why are you here?’
Gregory Lestrade paused here and he heard a minor conversation in the background, he could not hear the other person's input but the detectives came through only slightly obscured. He pulled up his link to the Metropolitan Police database imagining the call related to a case the older man was working on, Anthea started to control the desktop remotely from her position outside the room; she monitored his calls for the most part. She navigated the multiple layers of security from her own desk and computer, the woman was a certified genius with computers, a government trained hacker, he believed it was lucky for the country he found her before the likes of Assange turned her to promoting freedom of information instead; they had yet to discover a computer system she failed to break into given enough time. Case document's filled his screen as the woman filtered through them for relevant information, she highlighted the sections he may need to reference although through an initial scan Mycroft wondered why the Detective would call him over something so mundane. His latest reported raid had failed to turn up any issues of national security, he had been brought back to reality by Anthea's large text appearing on his screen, 'He's speaking again Sir', he had managed to drift from the conversation entirely at some point, he swore the woman was a witch sometimes.
It had taken all three of them, multiple attempts at distractions, forty minutes and the appearance of Mrs Hudson to calm her down again, Mrs Hudson had held her and swayed to a melody in her own head while Mina chewed on one of the teething rings Mycroft had found.
“There is no one, Mycroft; she has me and I would die before someone took her from me and if that happened she has two uncles, one of whom is a Detective Inspector at New Scotland Yard and the other is a man who his own brother described as the British Government. So we hide away for a while and we release a statement from me saying I moved out of Baker Street following Sherlock’s death and how although I’m thrilled the truth has come out I’m moving on with my life. We leave it at that until the media loses interest and then we figure out how we can be safe at home again.”
By the fourth year John has convinced himself to move on. He buys flowers for Mary and accompanies her on a walk around Kew Gardens. They have a nice day but John doesn't feel it is anything special.
When Sherlock comes at him John holds him at arm’s length and fixes him with his most Captain Watson stare. “No” John says it calmly but firmly.
‘I was just saying that your police officer friend Greg has been coming over to see you dear’ Mycroft starts to feel awkward when everyone in the room is doing something while he stands leaning against a counter, he looks around for something constructive to do and spots a washing basket on one of the chairs on the opposite side. He may never have folded laundry before but how hard could it honestly be, he was the owner of two bachelor degrees, two masters and one doctorate, domestic chores should hold no challenge when placed against those achievements.
Her half brother is Lord Moran member of the house and first cousin to Sebastian Moran (although that chunk of information has been well buried from the public).
Mitrović wet his lips, his eyes alight with something Mycroft thought to be akin to mischief. The man was getting off on this, rubbing Mycroft’s face in his brother’s suicide.
‘Alright then, excellent. See you in half an hour?’ John asks while checking the wall clock hanging above the coat rack, he’d moved it there once it became obvious having it on the feature wall made it a target for Sherlock once he entered a sulk.
Both men grinned down at the curled bundle his daughter made against his chest. John knew that if asked right this moment he would struggle to think of a time he had been happier than this. That was not to say that he couldn’t think of a reality he would be happier, with Sherlock beside him instead of Greg, the two of the close together; Sherlock’s arm wrapped around him and Mina forming another layer of their little family.
‘Not to fret Mrs Hudson,  it would appear Mycroft has it all underway’ the words of the Detective Inspector would have bought a smile to his face, if he had not currently been observing John Watson going into shock. This would never do.
‘Well toddlers don’t require bottles; she’s capable of holding a cup or beaker. We tried her with just a plastic children beaker without a lid but she didn’t handle it very well. There are two of the no spill beakers in her bag and they’re perfectly suitable for her to use. No bottles required. You can pop them in the dishwasher too and as for food, she may not have all her teeth but she has enough for solids, you can give her fruit pieces and in general the things you eat as long as there’s no added salt. So plain foods, boiled vegetables, chicken, toast all those things are fine. For now she should have her formula twice a day and two good meals. I’ve included a list of meal ideas and snack thoughts, we give them to everyone who’s adopting.’
“We’ll bring you down with love too, just like Sherlock; except for you we have more bullets. Count them with me won’t you?” Mitrović raised his hands as If in surrender. He counted off with his fingers, curling inwards as he said the names. “John Watson and Louise Hudson, for your brother naturally.” Mitrović curled two fingers. “Siger and Violet Holmes, much closer to Mummy and Daddy aren’t you? I wonder why that is.” Two more fingers. “Gregory Lestrade, oh you were naughty with the married police man weren’t you Mr Holmes.” Another finger, one closed fist., The prisoner waggled the ones remaining, mocking him. “Agent Annette Fairchild, also known as Anthea, although that bitch has earned a place on my list regardless.” Mitrović stretched his jaw, drawing Mycroft’s eye to the purpling bruise running along its edge. The man brought another finger down.
‘Mister Holmes you have a call waiting on line one sir’, one of his secretary’s voices came through the tinny intercom they had installed for the office at Whitehall, he hated the thing and not only because it altered the voice of the person on either end but also because it became a constant source of distraction, he had preferred the phone system they'd worked with for years to this new development, but Anthea had insisted it was more appropriate and seemly. He had learnt early in their working relationship that arguing with Anthea earned him nothing more than a cuffed ear and the cold shoulder for a week. He started to prepare himself for the lecture he was expected to deliver to the ambassador on the correct procedure of scandal handling; his son having a sordid 'love affair' with the son of a chinese opposition party leader,the man had clearly panicked but he had no excuses for his actions, paying off the reporter had not been the answer, especially when said reporter represented the Chinese Government's newspaper.
‘Doctor Watson, you should probably enter the living room now.’  Perhaps orders were the way to reach the former army man. He had never responded to them well before but Mycroft hoped there could be a first time for everything. Instead John noticeably bristled.
He’d not returned her calls for a month but that hadn’t stopped her leaving drunken messages at 4 am asking to speak to Clara, asking him for money, asking him to set her up with someone new.
John wakes with the ghost of a scream on his lips; it takes a minute for him to come back to his true surroundings, the decorations adorning the walls, sword, periodic table and the photographs; Mrs Hudson holding Mina by the living room window, Mina laughing at one of Tammy’s puppet shows, the crazy brunette hidden behind the sofa, Mina and himself curled into Sherlock’s chair in the living room reading The Princess Bride.
‘The thing is she’s not sleeping well, she’ll wake up early in the morning, I think from a nightmare,’ after the first night of screaming cries waking him he’d slept next to her crib all night, his hand resting against the bars while she clung to whichever of his fingers she could reach, ‘she, she’s not doing well at being alone, she sleeps ok when I’m there with her but, she just, she just gets scared.’
‘It wasn’t a word everyone, probably just a noise. I’ve got a teething ring for her Mrs Hudson let me fetch it.’ He turns his back on the group, he’d be lying if he said he hadn’t allowed himself a minute to hope it had been her first word, it had sounded suspiciously like ‘Dada’ but it didn’t matter she’d speak when she was ready to.
“Are we prisoners?” John asked, panic having taken a firm hold in his chest now. Beside him Mrs. Hudson was visibly shaken and maintaining her grip on Mina who slept on despite the noise.
Mrs. Hudson walked into the living room with a messy Mina balanced on her hip. He cast them a quick smile, but from Mrs. Hudson’s reaction, he supposed it wasn’t reassuring enough.Pointed at the phone mouthing the detective’s name, John shot her a thumbs up while listening to Greg explain the operation and how they’d ended up in that awful position. As much as John wanted to completely cast aside the comments the paper had made, he conceded that it did indeed sound like an operation gone wrong. Someone had been sloppy in their checks and two people lost their lives. He didn’t think it sounded as if the blame should land on Greg, but as the head officer on the case, John supposed Greg would be an easy target. Plus, the business with Sherlock had left him vulnerable to attacks from all sides.  The man had gone from the silver fox of CID to one of the country’s laughing stocks, alongside John, after his former roommate’s suicide. He didn’t often feel anger towards Sherlock anymore, just a great deal of sadness, but when he saw the proof of the fallout in someone else’s life, he allowed himself a moment of annoyance with the man’s memory.  Greg ended his account with a quick description of the hospital scene.
“Well fucking do something Sally! The bastard is key to our investigation, the spooks can’t just spirit him away because they’re bloody done with him! We’re not, you tell them that.”
It’s buzzing through his brain and he can’t stop it. He’s lost a member of his team, another is gravely injured and he can’t do anything.  He stares at the cabinet and his mind goes blank. It changes into something full of violence rather than logic. There is something he can do.
‘I said what changed your mind? One second you were saying it was impossible and now. Now we’re stood in the hallway to my former home and you’ve yet to explain a damned thing.’
Mina had apparently slept through with no sign of illness or restlessness and it gave John some hope that he’d be able to return to work sooner rather than later. He adored his days spent with his daughter and was in no hurry to see them end but the sooner he could stop eating into his savings and relying on Mycroft the happier he would be; not to say he didn’t appreciate every moment of Mycroft’s help. John knew well enough that blood ties didn’t necessitate care or love, but he’d like to start feeling as If he had his feet beneath him again, a feeling he’d been missing with all the upheaval over recent months.
“Yes, well, most of them were, Mr. Lestrade, but Terry wasn’t a bad sort. He would look after me when Frank had a bad day. He never made a move on me if you can imagine. I sometimes wondered if he liked the fellas, you know. And when Sherlock arrived I thought it a little more clearly.”
‘I believe we shall be at a significant disadvantage this evening Father, Mother seems to have come over all French, would you believe it’ Siger’s quiet chuckle continued as they made their way through the foyer to the dining room,
“You don’t know that, Mrs. Hudson, and you don’t know because no one is telling us anything.” John said.
It took two hours and a twenty minute negotiation about security with Mycroft for them to finally arrive at Kew. The morning was crisp and the parks nearly deserted. Mrs Hudson walked confidently through exhibits keeping up a constant commentary for the seemingly fascinated Mina. The little girl sat tucked within the confines of a fluffy white snow suit and surprisingly sturdy shoes. Greg had watched the numerous clips both John and Mycroft had of Mina walking between the tall trees of the arboretum that covered much of the sites 300 acres; however, it appeared Mycroft’s security team had other plans. Every time one of the adults made a move to take Mina from the pushchair the guards motioned not too. It took Greg an unforgivably long time to discover the reasons.
Cocaine, you see, was a distraction, a comfort and that flash of adrenalin my system needed to work at its’ peak. For my deductions to come fast enough to prove useful and not simply cause me an unbearable migraine.
Mycroft can hear them over the speaker of the baby monitor, he feels he should shut it off and allow them the privacy they deserve but he can’t make himself, he’s been spoilt by the amount of positive time he’s spent with his niece since he found out about her but this, these cries and the noises John makes to comfort her, the sentimental words of love and belonging, this is the reality, there’s so much she needs that none of them know how to provide or give.
‘There’s nothing to forgive Mycroft, I understand why you’re worried, I just, I wanted to point out that you should never think I don’t worry because I worry, I worry about her constantly, I’ve been sleeping on the floor in her room during her naps in the hope that she’ll get more than half an hours sleep, I watch her interactions with any strangers she meets to make sure they don’t frighten her, I do, I am trying to do everything I can,’
The plot thickens I'm afraid. Moran arrived two Sundays ago on a chartered plane originating in Ireland and diverted by Amsterdam for an unspecified reason but reports out of the country indicate his purpose was likely the cover up of their Minister for Internal Affairs murder.
A.N. My beautiful friend Ruby helped me figure out some key character points for this chapter and I couldn't adore her more. Thank you for answering all of my science queeries and allowing me to ask you stupid questions early in the morning, you're my superstar!
Yes John debutantes are still a thing and when I was young the balls were still very popular among certain families of the aristocracy. I had to waltz with so many women before my mother would accept the truth my father and brother had been telling her for years; I was gay and there was nothing she could do the change it. Although she tried wholeheartedly I walked into my childhood bedroom on my seventeenth birthday to find my half naked second cousin waiting to seduce me. My mother still denies any involvement in the affair but she wore the evidence all over her when I initially confronted my parents. I know we never spoke frankly about our sexuality John but I imagine even you could deduce my preferences. My mooning after you for quite so many months was likely a giveaway but still.
‘Well you entered the third house down having received the all clear and, from what I understand, you found a family of three, all young women, translator by your side, you approached them to offer aid and got hit over the head by the grandma neither of my highly trained officers, that’s you dickhead, noticed hiding behind the door,’ John closes his eyes as he groans, he remembers it vaguely, he’d taken his helmet off so he could make proper eye contact with the girls, they’d been very young and seemingly terrified, which John didn’t blame them for, of all the soldiers. He remembered having Abdul ask if any of them required help, he’d knelt to offer aid to the youngest at the front, he’d heard Abdul exclaim loudly from his right and he’d turned just before a sudden flash of pain on the top of his head had made him lose consciousness.  Sholto’s still laughing from his perch next to him, he’s dressed in the majority of his uniform, rank clearly shown, but everything about him screams off duty,
ATTEMPTED SEDUCTION OF MARRIED WOMAN. ABANDONED ONCE OBVIOUS WOMAN WAS INTOXICATED AND I WAS UNABLE TO MAINTAIN AN ERECTION. NOT JOHN. TOO SOON. TOO MANY HANDS AND EYES. I CAN NOT SLEEP.
John dragged his fingers roughly across his eyes dislodging the tears that had acuminated. He ran after Greg when the man turned to follow Mrs Hudson again. He was shaking his head when John finally caught up grabbing his elbow to drag him a little closer. John did his best to contain his giggling; he recognised that he wasn’t very successful in his endeavour.
“Did I ever give the impression I wasn’t, Greg?” John said, falling into parades rest as he stood beside Mrs. Hudson’s chair. The woman broke into a slightly helpless giggle when John winked at her.
“No Mrs. Hudson, you know I’m right. Sherlock loved his life, he loved…he loved all of us. It never made sense.”
‘I’ve got to be honest with you; I have no idea about any of that. I mean her crib is a dark stained wood, I think mahogany but her uncle bought it, it’s big and stately and takes up most of the room.’
“You might not want to John but I think it’s true. I understand why you couldn’t, I do, but I don’t want you fooling yourself into thinking it was some sort of unrequited thing,” Greg sighed. “I came so close to sitting down with you at one point and telling you to either pull it together or let Sherlock go. I swear, every time you went on a date it was like there was a swarm of bees in the man’s head. He would storm around the office demanding a case and a damn good one too. He was always looking for a reason to call you, to prove he needed you, needed you more than whoever it was with you were out with. I’d find him a case or Mycroft would.
I bottled it again John, just a little, when I was fifteen I missed my shot deliberately; I shot too high and the three birds roosting in the area flew out of range. My Grandfather was so angry; he knew why I had done it. He slapped me John, knocked me to the ground in front of his friends and called me a coward. I didn’t care though John. I would have done it again. I had done what was right and I knew that to be true.
‘John dear, there’s a parcel just been delivered it’s awfully big so I left it downstairs. Well good morning to you to Mina, what a lovely smile.’ Mrs Hudson stood in the doorway, Mina upon seeing their visitor lost all interest in the battle of wills she and John had been engaging in and smiled. ‘What are you doing John?’ But just as John turned to answer he saw Mina push onto her hands and start to crawl.
Mycroft knew her past, knew he could not blame her in this situation for allowing her emotions to reign over logic.
John felt himself freeze, there was no denying it and he saw Mrs Hudson’s look of shocked joy, Tammy jumping up and down grinning madly but all John could focus on was his little girl. He felt tears start to form in his eyes as he rushed forward, pulling her free of Mrs Hudson’s arms he covered her head and face in little kisses before stopping to cry lightly into her curls. He’d been suppressing his worry for the whole time she’d been with him, worried she’d never want to talk and he might never be able to understand her.  He started to take more notice of his surroundings again, he pulled his head up to grin down at his daughter, clearly unaware of the momentous occasion she’d just been central to creating Mina was stretching to reach the bumble bee ring he is holding in his hand. Using the hand to wipe his eyes he hands over the toy, she proceeds to chew it with glee and John’s not sure if the glee in his laugh is from her current action or the incredible step she’s just taken.
Mrs. Hudson merely tutted at his cheek while kissing Mina on her forehead. Clearly it was too early to expect a wittier come back.It had become habit for John to ensure a tea cup and saucer were on the table for Saturday breakfast after the third weekend in a row had started with an early morning visit.
There had been no discussion, when he had run to his mother, crying at the knowledge he would have to leave his family to go to school she had looked over the garden and explained to him about family duty and the expected position of the head of the Holmes family.
‘Would you like me to have a member of the security detail check?’ Let another human being seeing him like this, witness his humiliation first hand, not just through whatever means Mycroft has, no he doesn’t want that. He turns his head to see the slither of his daughter’s feet through the mostly closed door, she’s kicked the blanket off at some point but her feet remain enclosed by the feet on her Pyjamas, it’s not just his safety anymore,
Greg is leaning against the wall now, ‘There’s no way you can go shopping John, you need to be here.’ He looks to Mycroft for confirmation,
John nods his assent and moves to fetch his diary, he’s taken a leave of absence from work and hasn’t started to consider going back to it yet, he knows he can no longer work full time and the state his finances must be in has started to pray on his mind and yet there’s been no angry notes from credit card companies demanding payment, so far nothing but he knows he will need to return to work eventually which will mean finding childcare for Mina for at least three days a week, he doesn’t know where to start with that, she doesn’t like strangers and is very selective about who she’ll interact with. The doctor he’s seen for her weight check up expressed concern at her still not attempting to speak but since then she had become more vocal with noises, John would occasionally come across her humming a tune to her toys while she played and they’d been working successfully on animal sounds since it became apparent she loved the horse and animal toys to such a degree.
“No, it’s alright. His name is David and we’ve had a tail on him since he exited his car near Baker Street.”
‘I do, everyday, it hasn’t been long enough for me to not think about him every day and now, just looking at this little angel, I don’t know if I ever will.’ He pulls the little girl closer, she smells sweet and a little like fabric softener.
John swallows, unease building inside of him. That wasn’t true. He fought a good cause, to keep this nation safe, to stop militants from invading them…
She’s only been dead a few hours, rigor mortis has just started to set in. It’s a bit difficult to do an examination on her because of this, but John does manage to tilt her head back enough to get some glimpses.
“Do you want me to leave?” the detective asks. “I imagine you’d like time to collect yourself. I’ll need to go to the station anyway.”
Still, he manages to get inside the flat. Sherlock arrives moments later, but slows at the doorway. For once he’s decided to respect other’s feelings, apparently.
There’s a rich sweet taste, before the bitterness of black coffee explodes in his mouth. He swallows it, and nods. He has to admit, it is a good cup.
Does Sherlock Holmes love anyone? Has he ever loved anyone? Has he ever had sex? Has he ever laid on top of a woman (or man, for that matter.
A smirk comes onto Sherlock’s face, making him look positively demented. “Do you believe that I’m a deviant?” he just about purrs.
“We really ought to have you two over for dinner,” Anthea coos sweetly to Sherlock, as John’s eyes grow wider, his mouth slowly dropping as he puts this all together.
My throat is dry now from the biscuits. I reach for the mug of tea and take a large gulp, wincing when it scorches my mouth. It burns my tongue, and, just a moment later, my throat. I had apparently forgotten the caution required when dealing with hot drinks. I cough, forcing myself to choke down the liquid, and push the mug to the other side of the table.
Mike gives him a pitying look, one that makes John cringe, and he quickly tries to come up with something else to say that can save him from that damn look.
There had never been any final handing over of the keys and deposit, which proves very useful now, as John can’t imagine the humiliation of having to ring in, hoping Sherlock wouldn’t completely spurn him.
This is quite a bit of a stunning revelation, and I sit in shock for a few moments. Finally I nod and give her a smile of my own. “Ah,” I say, as if I understand, and stand to clear my place.
Breaking up was always easy. There were rarely hard feelings. After all, how could any girl claim to be led on when both of their timers were still ticking down?
“What’s her name?” Sherlock snaps, suddenly stopping his movements to glare at him once more. “I didn’t get to ask that.”
I sink back down onto my pillow, curling up against the cold as I continue to watch their shadows. He’s kissing her again, she’s kissing back, his head is moving lower and lower on her body...
Sherlock nods slowly. “There’s not much else we can do otherwise, can we?” he replies. “If you’d like to give this up, I would understand. You’re beginning to see the risks involved, after all, and I do have to warn you that they don’t go away.”
She doesn’t look convinced, but after their slightly messy breakup six months ago she’s generally avoided talking to John, so she lets him go with a shrug.
Other things came out, too, later. In their sporadic chats, Harry would complain about him never cleaning up, about humiliating her, about the bras she would find that could never have been hers. It made John furious. How on earth could such a pompous ass be his sister’s Soulmate? The twins had never gotten along, but that hardly meant she should have to deal with some cheating bastard for the rest of her life.
“Ah, Mr. Holmes. Dr. Moriarty, of the Soulmate Allocation and Distribution Bureau,” he hums, holding out a hand. Sherlock’s eyes narrow, and he doesn’t take it. This doesn’t seem to phase Moriarty though, who just puts his hand back in his pocket as if no faux pas had taken place. “Excellent work on this case.”
“Really?” John asks in surprise. That’s possible the strangest and most coincidental thing that’s ever happened to him. “Who?”
Sure enough, Sherlock immediately launches into an explanation, with various sprinklings of insults at how no one else could see this. Something about her dress being wet, something about jewelry, something about the screen of her Watch being rubbed and scratched often.
The following morning, as Sherlock types the most recent soil samples into the search engine, he hears a distressed “Shit!” from upstairs, a clambering noise, and then John is rushing down the stairs in his dressing gown.
His heartbeat rings so loud in his ears he’s convinced that Sherlock can hear it. But the detective doesn’t seem to notice, having fallen asleep before John even came back from the kitchen (apparently, sex was the only thing that cured the man’s obviously chronic insomnia, aside from finishing a case).
But the difficulty with that is living all alone in a large city can be just as isolating as living on an iceberg, John quickly discovers.
But Sherlock ignores him, and has already gotten onto a webpage. It still looks mostly like code, and has little formatting, but while John squints in confusion, Sherlock appears to completely understand it.
“That was your first time with a man,” the detective says. It’s not a question, but there is hint of realization in the other’s voice.
There’s that churning feeling again. It’s like the feeling he would get when that blonde nurse would make eye contact with him during hospital rounds all those years ago, the one who was
John whimpers as Sherlock pulls down his trousers and pants, and looks him right in the eye as he licks up the entire length of his cock.
He looks so odd. He’s like a spectre, something that doesn’t belong in this world, but dammit if John can’t see why. His entire body looks sculpted, it
good, and John can’t keep up enough. They’re pressed up against the door, wrapped around one another, and John is harder than he’s ever been in his life. Sherlock’s body feels so good, and each small movement with his hips makes a whining sound escape John’s throat.
was fantastic. But even then, when she fell asleep beside him, his eyes would wander to his Watch. If the number had gone up since he’d last checked, he'd wince, and wonder if perhaps he truly was being punished for sleeping with someone before he had met his Soulmate.
“I would suffer through daily torture, be torn to shreds, only to wake up anew and go through the pain once more, if only to give you happiness.”
Sharp, angry dissonant violin notes screech out above him, and John winces. Fuck. That… Sherlock really is in a bad mood.
Most parents would refuse to let their children even date, wanting them to be completely pure for when they met the love of their life. But there was a collection of them in John’s class, boys and girls who were rebellious, or, like in John’s case, had parents who hadn’t seemed to notice that they were now teenagers, and that they needed protecting. They all took advantage of that, having quick flings of kisses and gropes at sixteen, knowing that this was all just temporary.
Even stranger is when John looks up, and realises the man is looking in his face, not his wrist, as is customary. The pensive gaze of those eyes make him shiver, and he steps back awkwardly. Before he can even say something, the pale man speaks.
“Mike!” he yells when he catches sight of the larger man. He turns, looking utterly confused as John continues to run at him.
They sit in silence, Moriarty pretending to glance about the dining room, while John tries very hard not to think about the fact that he is sitting across from one of the most effective terrorists in the entire State.
They both engage in a desperate kiss, both of them pouring out all of their emotions of missing the other, how awful it had been to be away. It’s more effective than talking, anyway.
The ride home is a difficult one. With the oxytocin leaving his body, John is forced to look over his actions sober, face what he has done.
. “But that isn’t how it’s supposed to work! Men can’t-- love men! It’s--” Why was he pursuing this? This wasn’t what he meant, but he finds himself wanting to throw a barb back at Sherlock and hurt him.
Just as he reaches his hand out, thinking of touching Sherlock in some way, perhaps to just comb through his hair, the mobile of the other starts ringing loudly, and Sherlock is suddenly sitting up straight.
“You didn’t serve either, did you?” John asks somewhat abruptly over dinner. Sherlock looks at him in surprise. He nods, although his eyes squint, as if he’s not sure if the question is a trap.
He does not want to make love to Sherlock, at least when he’s awake, but he does want to know what Sherlock loves. A burning curiosity, that John cannot describe.
She shakes her head, her eyes slightly sad. “I don’t know either deary, but he’s truly upset, by whatever row you two had,” she says. John can’t tell if she’s truly in the dark or just playing dumb for his sake.
Then John H. Watson limps into his life, and takes control of it at more or less the exact velocity of a bullet speeding through a window into a cab driver’s chest.
When he finds himself at 221, he still has to take a sharp breath before unlocking the door and stepping in, gathering his courage as well as he can.
He whirls around to face Sherlock once more, but he isn’t able to ask his question before Sherlock suddenly jolts into ramrod straight posture, and turns towards the door expectantly.
One night, Sherlock comes home as John is finishing cooking dinner. It’s nothing particularly arduous, just a chicken cooked in sauce, but Sherlock lets out an audible hum when he enters the kitchen.
“Shall we sit down?” the government man sweeps his hand to the mostly empty dining room. John stays where he’s standing, knowing that Moriarty has no intention of letting John choose.
Or how, for just a moment, after he kisses Mary, there’s a chasm of heartbreak and despair in Sherlock’s eyes.
He dresses carefully, for once meticulously making sure his collar was straightened and his tie was centered like Sherlock was always insisting he do. He glances down at the bed, where the detective now was sprawled out, still completely asleep.
“Oh, by the way, how’s our Sherlock doing?” he asks, as if they were just having a normal conversation.
“Just answer me, please,” John begs, and his face must look desperate enough that Mike tries to stammer out a reply.
Sherlock comes into view first, sitting in a relaxed position at the table, and across from him is an older man, large, with baggy clothes that obviously do not fit him, despite his big size to begin with. His entire appearance suggests that he’s seen better days, but they’re long gone.
There wasn’t really anything to return to. Harry was the only person he told that he was back, and even then the tensions between them weren’t gone. She tried to ask him to stay with her, saying that she and Eric had found common ground, whatever that meant, and gave him some money for clothes, and her old phone. He declined, deciding instead to go back to London. He wanted a new start, and London, the largest city in England, seemed like the best place to avoid running into someone he knew.
Unless she is hoping to see him. He could be dead, or missing. Taking care of the men here makes her feel closer to him, and if he turns up in the hospital, she would be the first to know.
His mother smiled once more, and shook her head. “You’ll like girls someday, John Watson,” she teased him. “Just you wait.”
There’s a sigh from Lestrade. “And how do you figure that she’s from out of town?” he prods, looking like he knows he’ll regret asking this question.
“What did you want to talk about so urgently?” he asks, kissing John sweetly on the lips, as if they were new Soulmates, and they weren’t so degraded like they were now.
When he wakes up again an hour or so later, Sherlock and his act no longer seems so frightening. Being alone for a bit did help, it seems.
John drags them both onto the bed, at the foot, with Sherlock lying on his back, and his feet still planted on the floor. The way John is kissing him and touching him, it’s obvious he wishes to make love right here, but Sherlock squirms away and shakes his head.
What the hell is he doing? Sherlock made it quite clear that he didn’t want anything more to do with him, hadn’t he?
John stares, wide eyed, at her. “Really? I’m losing him because of this? He’s my--” he stops himself short, common sense finally kicking in. “Best friend.”
They probably could have had sex, if John had pushed it. But he feels wrong doing it tonight. She is his Soulmate, after all, shouldn't they take it slow?
He’s aware, of course, that the two of them have nearly nothing in common, but it does make him feel better when he wallows in loneliness.
“I --” His feet feel heavy. He stumbles, barely managing to position himself in front of his couch before his legs give out and he falls onto it. The mug falls from his hands to the floor with a sharp crack, but he can’t react. The world feels so slow.
He tries to pretend it’s a normal day. He cooks eggs, toasts bread, sits at the table and pokes at it with his fork. His stomach is knots, however, so it ends up in the trash.
“You needn’t worry about it!” Sherlock shouts back, smirking at John as they stride out of the museum.
John doesn’t respond to that. He hasn’t any idea if it’s a trap, or if Moriarty has just decided to indulge in some secret prejudices to him, but he isn’t taking any chances.
It can’t be more of another few moments of silence, but it feels like an eternity before Sherlock speaks again. “Mr. Jefferson, I’m sorry to have to say this, but I am going to have to turn you in for this,” he sighs, sounding truly regretful.
The two men had become somewhat close over the past few months, mostly over how frustrating Sherlock was. They’d met up over drinks, and had found that they rather enjoyed each other’s company. Greg was also a veteran, having served in the South Pacific front, and they both had had a wild youth.
“John.” Sherlock shakes his head. “I’ve been sleeping with men since I was fifteen. I’m not confused at all. I thought you would have figured that out by now.”
The most difficult part about all of it was being in public. Everywhere he went he was certain that everyone could figure it out, that it was obvious. John knew that he was being paranoid, but in his defence, he was like this the first time he’d had sex of any kind.
Sherlock furrows his brow and takes a step towards John. “You don’t think I only consider you as a sex object, do you?” he asks.
Something hits John, something like a mix of nausea and desire. It feels weird, and he knows he needs to leave.
He’s young, probably mid twenties. Given his uniform, he’s most likely a recruit. Stiff, rigor mortis has already set in. Places death at at least an hour, then. I run my hands over his body, trying to find a wound, an external cause of death, but there is none. It seems like the man just fell over and died. A heart attack? Possible, but highly unlikely. He is young, and was training for military service; they would have checked for a weak heart. And, why would he be here, in a sewer, unless there was foul play involved?
Sherlock scoffs so loudly, for a moment John thinks that he’s sneezed. Greg looks back to the detective with some confusion.
And, why the hell was Sherlock’s Watch taken away for being awkward, while Harry’s and Greg’s Soulmates got to keep theirs? They were destructive, hurting everything in their path… Surely Sherlock in love was no worse than them.
“He’s been a nuisance since the day I’ve bloody been born,” Sherlock muttered distractedly. “Always meddling in my things--”
“Yeah,” John says softly, surprised to say it, but it’s true. “Better than I have in a while.” Since he’d come home from Afghanistan.
Of course, on the lists of things I really don’t want to do is go back into the hospital. Molly Hooper has probably alerted the staff of a strange, barefooted man who is suspect to turn back up. Which means I’ll have to find another way in.
“Could someone else know?” John demands, his heart beginning to pound as he saw how nervous Sherlock was too.
They shake right hands, the customary greeting, all while glancing to the other’s Watch, to see how close they were. John saw that Mike’s is blacked out. He’s already found his Soulmate. Despite knowing how ridiculous it is, an adolescent feeling of jealousy fills him. That feeling of
John feels dizzy, and before he can stop himself he dry heaves. He grips the end of the couch, trying very hard to keep his breathing under control.
“Is that what you think this was about?” he snaps, still shouting, and he’s pacing again. “You think that I’m upset because you didn’t
He feels a lot less guilty that he expected after a transgression like this, which in itself makes him feel guilty. He just cheated on his
“Oh, calm down, John. No one’s going to notice, and I’m not buying anything. The pieces he stole have already been bought. I need to get an idea of the supply and demand for these markets, how often one would need to steal if they were trying to make a living off of it.”
It was a distraction, a catharsis. At age six, the numbers on the contraption began to tick downwards, and he had squealed in the middle of his arithmetic class. They had found her!
The twenty minutes barely gets them out of their respective childhoods. John stays quiet for the most part, as he doesn’t want to ruin the moment by describing his various early life traumas that would come up if he spoke unadulterated about it. But he listens, or at least tries to as best he can with how his heart is pounding and his mind is racing. It’s happening. It’s finally happening, he’s finally met her… Is this how it’s supposed to go? Are they supposed to know how to talk to each other? Or is awkwardness the natural way? Is there supposed to be some spark where he knows this is right? Is he a Conspirator just for wondering all these thoughts?
John lets out a slow breath, and nods despite himself. How can he turn down such a logical and well argued plan? “Yes, I can do that.”
This one turned out to be much longer than I planned, and of course much of the writing of it happened during various changes in my life -- moving across the world, settling into new relationships, having deadlines for irl writing, etc. So! I apologize for the delay, and any obvious errors that appear.
“No,” Sherlock says immediately. “These crimes are personal. He chooses poisons that take time, that hurt. He probably watches them die. This isn’t a vigilante.”
“Oh yes, please Sherlock, continue describing this incompetent man while we make love. I can’t think of anything better.”
“I didn’t find any cameras in the flat,” Sherlock continues. “But… we both already know that perhaps he prefers to watch through far off windows.”
John finds himself sitting, and watches Sherlock as he cracks a few eggs into the pan, scrambling them expertly (the first time he’s ever seen the man do something food related in the kitchen).
The tube is just as infuriating as it always is when he gets off, but John doesn’t mind for once. The throngs of people are just others going about their lives, the smells from the Underground is just character of the place. What does it matter?
Their physical flings are quick and rushed now, as if they’re teenagers, trying to get off as quickly as possible before a parent returned home and could catch them in the act.
The blood is still rather wet, only drying at the tips. I must have woken up fairly soon after my beating, even taking into account the wet mist outside. I figure it must have been less than an hour.
The violin serves as their foreplay; they always are in too much of a hurry to do much else in that field. They both are silent, listening to the melodic, erotic sound until arousal and impatience gets the better of them.
He feels Sherlock wrap his fingers around his cock, and it takes only a few strokes for John to completely fall apart with a lewd shout.
A sudden gasp escapes from Sherlock, causing John to jump. The detective whirls on his feet, and he’s suddenly gone, with thundering footsteps down the stairs.
They never outwardly say they love each other. They can’t, it would ruin everything about them. Certainly they both know it, each of them has caught the other in the middle of a loving glance, but to say it would be to admit defeat.
Sure enough, after a night of more sleuthing (which really consisted of Sherlock tracking whoever this was, and John sitting beside him with a cup of tea, endlessly fascinated with the process), Sherlock determined that there would be a break in at the Historical Museum of Art, which only had a few works from the era this criminal was obsessed with, but was more high profile, something that was alluring for an ambitious thief.
“I just want to sleep,” he sighs. “Put some distance between today and tomorrow.” The feeling of numbing terror for him was similar to the fright that was a daily occurrence on the battlefield. Eventually one learned how to compartmentalize, keep the dead men’s screams separate from the oatmeal in the mess hall, but occasionally they’d seep in, nestle into areas and memories where they shouldn’t, leaving a soldier with a sudden strike of genuine terror and instinctual need to survive while he was brushing his teeth. It was what caused men to suddenly murder their families years after discharge, or to run through the street naked, and while John as of yet managed to keep himself in control, he remembered that itch. It came to him most nights he fell asleep, when a song that a now-deceased captain always played came on the radio. It was a slow ache that burned inside his stomach and made him want to vomit and cling to some form of intimacy.
He feels like he’s drowning, but there’s no way out. There’s a thought in the back of his head, knowing what he wants to do, but that thought he refuses to entertain.
Elderly woman, then. Lives alone: there’s no evidence of a razor, cologne or anything that would suggest a man living with her.
My head is pounding, with an angry ringing sounding in my ear, beating with the rhythm of my heart. Each throb seems to increase the absolute
Finally the detective inspector sighs, and presses his wrist to the other screen. “For now I won’t question why your device is compatible with police devices,” he mutters as he takes off the monitor. Sherlock gives a bright smile and straps it on his own arm.
They eventually settle back into a routine, although it is a bit different. John lives with Mary now, does not see Sherlock often. But that infuriating man still texts him, sends him details on a crime scene he is heading to, or an interesting client, at any hour, during the day or night, as if it’s an invitation. John always has the choice of saying no, of turning away and continuing about his schedule.
Below the industrial heat of London, the temperature here decreases quickly, in mere moments I can see my breath in the light of the lamp, and I shiver involuntarily.
The suited man is silent for several moments, looking over John meticulously, as if there’s some puzzle piece missing from his face. “You’ve known him for about a month, yes?” he asks ominously. “By now you must have noticed that this is longer than the others have lasted. Tell me, are you just loyal quickly, or is there something your after from him?”
He races through the building, shouting Sherlock’s name, floor after floor. What if he got the wrong building? What if it’s too late?
There is barely enough time for me to jump into the shadows, and even then I feel incredibly exposed.
And now John would never have to deal with those days again, he thinks with some relief. No random hook ups or flings that dragged on for too long. He never has to deal with that again. He now just had Mary.
Sherlock is silent for a few moments, and in his profile John can see his calculating eyes narrow. They look up from the street, and glance at John for just a moment before turning to Lestrade. “Give me your monitor,” he says.
“So, he led you to some abandoned building to tell you his life story?” Lestrade asks them, his incredulous face highlighted by the neon police lights. “A serial killer. Wanted to have a friendly chat with you.”
Sherlock reads the report with great interest, a grin appearing on his face. Both John and Greg share a knowing glance, recognizing that look as an epiphany for the detective.
In adolescence, things became slightly more complicated. In his eighth year in school he found himself absolutely enamored with a girl, so much so he was convinced for several weeks that his Watch was broken. It wasn’t, of course, and the crush was one sided. It was then that it was explained to him (by a teacher, of course. His father still seemed slightly in shock that his children were growing up, five years after his wife's death) that these fleeting ideas of love were nothing compared to what it would be when he found his true Soulmate.
At this point, I’ve only been focusing on the wall ahead of me, making sure to step in the right place, to keep from falling into the disgusting muck. Now, I grip onto the holds as hard as I can and look down.
Sherlock doesn’t question it, understands it, or thinks he does. He thinks John is angry because of the stunt he’s pulled, dying and coming back, making John mourn for nothing.
My stomach growls loudly again, causing Mrs. Hudson to jump in shock, very nearly dropping her kettle. “Oh, you scared me, love,” she laughs softly, placing a hand to her heart. “I was just making a cuppa, would you like some?”
“Good afternoon,” John returns, for a moment forgetting his moral quandary and smiling at how ridiculous Sherlock is. “What time did you end up falling asleep?”
Soon, they take to the classified parts of the paper, finding a new flat all to themselves. Mary had only been in this one for four months, but she’s excited to be out. John can’t blame her. Her flatmate is the quietest woman he’s ever met, and looks offended at each noise. Fittingly, Mary tells him she’s a librarian.
“Well…” Sherlock purses his lips, regarding his plate for a moment. “For starters, I don’t spend so much time feeling guilty when I have affairs, like you do.”
John hardly listens as Lestrade explains what has occurred, once they’re back on the ground floor. Something about hearing gunshots, getting there in the nick of time, the suspect was being taken to St. Bart’s, hopefully he’d remain in stable condition. Sherlock asks some questions, and Greg answers them hurriedly.
Mrs. Hudson was silent for a moment. “As I said, he was making a fuss all night,” she says. “I’ll wire you the money, John, I don’t think it’d be a wise idea for you to come back round here.”
Yes, that’s right, I remember reading about it in the papers, arguing about it with someone, our voices growing louder in frustration with each turn. We’re in a war, England is. It’s been on for a while. That would explain the lack of food waste.
"I'd like to know what he's getting up to. That information would be very valuable for me. So valuable, that I'd be willing to pay you grand sums for you to provide me with information. Not anything so personal," he adds when he sees John's irate face. "Just his whereabouts. What cases he's working on. Who he sees."
The cab driver sighs, and wipes at his eyes once more, before a small smile comes on his face. “That’s disappointing,” he sighs. “Thought you were different, I did. ‘S why I told you my story. But I guess you’re like the lot of them, aren’t you?”
“So, where are you living nowadays?” Mike asks, back at the table,. “Get a fat pension from the army?”
Then his own body tangles his legs around John’s waist, and he sees his lips form an ‘O’ and gasps, his eyes already half-closed with pleasure. This new perspective--seeing every inch of John’s profile, from his leg’s muscles tensing as he continually loses footing in the soft sheets, to the trembling of his arms, to the small, subtle movements of his spine as he moves against him--is absolutely intoxicating, to watch themselves intertwine and transform.
But this time it’s Sherlock’s turn to come first, and the way he silently gasps, and his muscles freeze under John’s fingers is enough for him to fall apart once more himself.
John’s heart rate picks up speed. He is fairly certain this won’t help, but he nervously keeps forward. “Mary Morstan. She’s a pediatric nurse.”
This originally was going to be the last chapter, but then it was getting very long. So one more to go!
Sherlock stops, and stares at him with such a look of contempt that he doesn’t even know how to comprehend it.
Sherlock’s plan, as it turns out, is to browse illegal marketing sites. He has that maniacal, concentrated look about him when John comes in with tea, and he sucks in a breath.
John gasps, his eyes locked with the detective's, his porcelain doll man, as the other man undoes John’s trousers, and pulls them down.
John wants to ask him more, like how he’s so sure that they won’t be caught, or when he realised he liked men, or even how he could make such a good scrambled egg yet never bothered to tell John, but he accepts that answer and eats the rest of his meal in silence. It feels like the less they talk about it, the easier it is to handle. It’s better to avoid looking at a sin right in the face, John decides.
He scrolls through his mobile during a dead period when no one is around, and he finds himself on the messages to Sherlock.
“Why?” Sherlock snarls, his voice lower, but still just as threatening. He creeps towards John like a predator stalking, his eyes wide and fixed on John. “Because I’m a
Sherlock laughs again, this time without humor. “Oh, really, John. How the hell can the government track who your soulmate is?”
When Mike first leads him to the lab, John is immediately struck by the man standing over a pipette. Struck is a bit of an understatement, actually, but he’d never admit that. The porcelain pale skin, the shining blue eyes, and dark curly hair reminds John of an old china doll his sister used to have, even down to the curved lips. Beautiful, yet peculiar, and slightly terrifying, like those sweeping eyes would never look away from you, even if you fell asleep. And there’s a strange sensation inside him, something John can’t quite explain.
“Yeah, actually,” John sneers, taking a step forward on his bad foot (at this point John still has a limp, but it’s fading. It’s fading fast), wincing, but not once losing the furious gleam in his eye. “I want you to shut the fuck up.”
“What’s your medical opinion?” he hears Sherlock from behind him, knocking him out of his thought process. He looks up to see both the porcelain detective, and the real detective staring at him, expecting some answers.
They’re intimate, but only just starting at it. It’s obvious by the way they seem embarrassed by each other’s bodies, glancing over the other with red cheeks. Seeing someone clothed but knowing just what they look like underneath. The boy especially, watching the girl’s every movement, caressing her curves with adoring eyes, looking like a sailor trapped in a siren’s spell.
John turns to Moriarty, who is as usual wearing his pressed suit, with a scarlet red tie. Now that he’s so close to the other, John can also smell his cologne, a sickeningly sweet floral scent that makes him want to step away, yet also figure out which flower it was infused with.
John gasps again, and he struggles to remember what he was going to say. “C-can we talk?” he manages, all the while pulling Sherlock closer to him.
The cab driver smiles, though, and leans forward. “Good lad… Just out of the war, aren’t you?” he asks, his voice raspy with years of tobacco use. “Tell me, who are we fighting now? Hard to keep track. Is it the Swampies still? They were nasty buggers when I fought with ‘em. Or is it the Khans now? Or anyone new?”
But that smile...with a mysterious gleam in his eyes...Sherlock would go through all of it. The hugging, the pain, the lack of privacy, he wanted all of it, every piece of it, just to see that smile, if only once more.
“Damn my leg!” he snaps, more at the world than at his new landlady, but she just happens to be in the room, and jumps.
“Yeah,” he says carefully, not sure what Sherlock is implying. “Every day. Far too much, for any man.”
“I’m afraid I don’t have any room in my flat, dear. I’ll give you back half your rent for the month, as it’s only half out if you’d like, but I can’t do much else for you.”
“Now, I’m Mrs. Hudson,” she says kindly, smiling reassuringly but staring at my bloodied head with worry. “And what’s your name, young man?”
Which, of course, brings up the obvious question: Am I a homosexual? It seems like a logical possibility, I had no arousal at the half naked woman last night, nor any stirrings at seeing an attractive nurse this morning, yet I find myself glossing over this man’s body with interest. Hm. Fascinating… That does give a bit of a motive for resentment of me, I suppose.
He suddenly backs into someone, jostling his back and startling him. He can’t help but gasp, already on edge, and he whirls around.
They stumble into the bedroom, where Sherlock pushes him onto the bed, and doesn’t give him time to react before he climbs over him.
Sherlock clears his throat. “Anyway,” he reminds the man. “You were saying. You were a petty thief, and fell in love with some landowners daughter, and then...?” John’s confusion increases. Was this man really telling him a bloody story? After murdering four other people?
“Alright, here you are, dear,” Mrs. Hudson’s voice comes from behind me, holding a meager plate of roast in her mittened hands. God, it smells delicious. She sets it down, and cuts me a slice.
John feels his cheeks warm. He had never really thought Sherlock was paying attention to his random stories he’d tell when they were lying together late at night. He’d told him about his mother, that his father was on a business trip to London when he was killed by a drunk driver one day after seeing John for the last time, how if it hadn’t been for the army he’d probably had killed himself.
With this idea in mind, I duck behind the two men, who are too lost to even notice me (some guards), and search for an opening, something that will lead me down.
The smile on Sherlock’s face grows, and he nods. “You’re attractive, moderately intelligent, and far kinder than you need to be. You deal with me, which is exceptionally impressive, and with each story from your past that you tell me, I can see how you became you. Like a puzzle. All the pieces that make John Watson.”
“No, Sherlock --” John gasps and pushes him away again. This time, Sherlock steps back. His face immediately grows concerned, and before he can start deducing whatever he’s trying to see, John speaks.
“I’m on my lunch, I’ve got about twenty more minutes,” he murmurs. “I’m a doctor at a walk in clinic nearby.”
Some of the hospital staff is smoking outside, they only stare at me in surprise when I walk out, but I hurry past them.
John stares at him, unable to believe it for a moment. No sarcasm, no rude scoff or eye roll… Did Sherlock actually understand him here?
John stares for a moment, still confused, but runs after this new man, who’s somehow managed to shake up his entire life.
“Ah, John,” he smiles, glancing up to John. “Right on time. Very important, you know. It speaks to personality greatly.”
But it’s normal. It is not strange to have homoerotic dreams, fantasies, that are wonderful and arousing while in them, only to become awkward and strange once the subject has woken up.
John laughs, whether or not Mike had meant it as a joke. “Oh, yeah, enormous. Just trying to think of what to buy first with all of it.”
A deep, shuddering breath leaves the cab driver, and he shakes his head. “She’s dead. Long ago. Some john got his rocks off by blood, went too far… She was only thirteen.” A small sob leaves him, and he shakes his head. “My Rachel. I never even knew she existed.”
In Which a Tunnel is Discovered, a Mystery is Curiously Stumbled Upon, and a Handsome Soldier Makes his Appearance
Soon the other returns with a glass of water, and hands it to John. John narrows his eyes, and Sherlock pauses, realising John’s hesitation. He takes a sip of the water himself, then holds out the glass once more.
Now, however, he takes the time to really consider it. Dark hair, he thinks. Tall. Slender. He’d like her to have curves, hips, breasts, but he liked the smaller, more subtle feminine forms as well.
know my name. I flail desperately through the cropped and distorted memories, looking for anything that sounds familiar, familiar enough to be something I was called.
“Oh, dearie... clean yourself up. You’ll stay for the roast, and rest yourself,” not a question. “The bathroom is down the hall. I’ll show you to it, and I’ll leave some clothes out for you to change into afterward.”
John liked him. He didn’t bring up Soulmates, or that he knew about Lestrade’s troubles. That would be a transgression, as he knew he wasn’t supposed to know such things.
“I--I don’t understand, how you know that, or why you would find it relevant,” she splutters, blinking wildly to get rid of the tears that are bordering on her eyelashes. “But, no, they didn’t. He’s missing, not dead, there’s still--Who are you?!” She still does not move, in fact leans harder against the door. I suppress a groan. So much for that, then.
I close my eyes instinctively, as if giving them the privacy they deserve. I know I should not be watching this. When I open my eyes a few moments later, the man has the woman in his arms, and they both step out of the frame. I stare at the lighted, now empty window, although I do not know why. I need to think, to understand.
John groans. “A man dragged me to the old Warehouse district! He forced me in some car and demanded to know about you! That doesn’t give you the least bit of alarm?”
I rush towards the passage upwards, feeling pleasantly surprised to find a set of iron rungs once again. I tie the remaining piece of string, and start my way up, stumbling as I try to get feeling back in my feet, which are rather numb after submersion in the cold murky water.
“Hm.” Sherlock purses his lips. “He’s far more active than I thought… This isn’t just income for him, it’s a high. And given how this is starting to break in the press, I’d say the next heist will be in less than three days.”
“Antisocial,” Sherlock says, chuckling, but John hears his voice break in the word, and sees the pain on his face.
He can feel Sherlock’ eyes on him, analyzing his shame, but before the detective can remark on it, a dark haired man in a pressed suit steps in front of them on the sidewalk, taking both of their attention away from what they had just been discussing.
The previous evening’s events come rushing back to me. My name is Edward Teach and I have amnesia. I am currently in a bedroom on Baker Street...221, I remember seeing the engraving on the door as I was led in. But what the hell was that noise? I doubt that Mrs. Hudson is up at this hour, or that she would make such noise if she were.
“And what does ‘Rach’ mean?” John asks. The two men look at him, as if they both forgot he was there.
“Sh!” Sherlock snaps. He runs his fingers along the crease of the wall and ceiling, almost as if he’s pulling on a string. He reaches a certain point, then yanks hard.
“Your monitor,” Sherlock repeats. “Telling you what to do and then waiting for you to complete that task will take far too long, letting me use it will take far quicker.”
“All I’ll do is look up a few entries to see if a Rachel will come up,” Sherlock says, in a sweet voice that makes John do a double take. “We’ll even wire it to another screen so you can see everything I’m doing.”
I dare to look back into the street again. Sure enough, there is a small, orderly formation of men in uniform, and a middle aged, menacing looking man in front of all of them, his back to me, shouting orders to the privates. Assigning patrol locations, I suppose for them take post at, since with each order, two men at a time leave the pack to march down to their designated perch.
I decide to follow the cold air, towards the kitchen. It’s where the noise seemed to be coming from, too.
He needs to snap out of it. All of this ennui is just the stress of planning the damn wedding, which John wants to call off and do quick vows at the courthouse, but Mary wants this big event. Her family will be there, after all, as will all of the friends she’s accumulated through her life. John understands, but he’s also aware of how awkward it will be when he has no family and a handful of friends.
He runs his fingers down Sherlock’s arm, stopping at his wrist, and kisses it. In the moonlight he can see the white line where a Watch once was, where it had been removed, but there’s another white scar beside the line, that looks like a branding.
Luckily, I do not have to go far. I turn to the square in the hospital grounds, and see a grate, in the middle, with a small trickling of water flowing down into it. Or, at least what I hope is water, I think as I look up and realise that I’m above patient rooms, an easy place for one to dump his chamber pots.
The man waves his hand, as if shooing away the question. “What is your connection to Sherlock Holmes?”
Sherlock sits down beside John and takes a slow sip of his own mug. “Haven’t thought that far ahead.”
I creep out of the bed, deciding to investigate, wincing at how sore all of my muscles seem to be. More severe injuries than I first thought. It’s still rather dark, I think, glancing out at the grey sky as I step out of the room, and down the stairs. It cannot be later than six in the morning, judging by the light, and the lack of any traffic sounds outside.
“Hooper,” she says meekly, so quietly that at first I think she is making owl noises. “Molly Hooper. But, I still don’t understand...How did you know about Matthew, how did you get here?”
It’s maddening, each gentle press of Sherlock’s fingers to that part makes him desperately want more, but Sherlock still refuses. John’s mind has been completely wiped clean, except for the pleasure and the frustration at how slow this has become.
A shiver runs through me as I reach the landing. There’s a draft. Strange, I think. Given Mrs. Hudson’s age, she probably has aching joints; I would have assumed that she would make sure to block any chill from coming in, and I can’t remember any from the night before.
It’s extremely entertaining. He and Victor take bets on how long each new couple will last. Sherlock wins every time, of course, and Victor always makes a scoffing, whining noise before giving him his bag of cocaine, or vial of heroin.
There’s no bracelet indicating a medical issue, and on a quick glance to her wrist John sees that she’s still more than a hundred days away from meeting her Soulmate.
At first I don’t hear anything more. Then a door slams, before the rain returns as the sole source of sound.
that, but yes, he wanted to. He’d finished with his main targets after all,” Sherlock huffs. “I think he was planning something more, but he didn’t get to that, obviously.”
John surrounds himself with Mary as much as he can. She introduces him to her friends. John realises he doesn’t have friends he can introduce to her. They go out for drinks. They talk all night. He takes extra shifts at the clinic, to help put a down payment on their venue.
John is quiet for so long, Sherlock at first thinks he’s fallen asleep. “If you were killed…I’d get vengeance for you, drag your killer’s body around his home fifty times until I couldn’t anymore…they’d have to drag you away from me to bury you.”
“Why, John, you haven’t tried your cuppa yet!” Moriarty exclaims, tutting. “Come now, don’t you trust me? It’s a very good cup.”
John can’t even see his face fully, they’re so close, and even as he shoves at Sherlock, the other man won’t give.
Sherlock gives him a look that seems to say ‘how have you survived this long’. “The writing!” he exclaims. “Rach! Rachel! They were a dying woman’s last words--so to speak-- Rachel has to be important!”
I travel for some time, although I once again do not know how long, passing the starting point of my journey and continuing on, when I see another source of light, from above, way off in the distance.
Sorry it's so short! But this really seemed like the only natural end, and it does kinda work... All about character development as John gets used to Sherlock in a new way. New case as soon as I get my act together!
“Let me see that,” John says, going to him immediately. Sherlock lets him take his hand and examine it, wincing at a few points.
Before he can apologize, Sherlock speaks again. “There were two other mics,” he says. “One in my bedroom, one in yours. One of the utility men Mrs Hudson hired must have been a plant.”
“Did anyone come in? Have you had any handymen come round? When did you leave? When was the house empty?”
The paramedics load her into the ambulance with a painkiller, a blood transfusion and a promise to take care of her, and John can only hope that what she’s taken hasn’t already liquefied her insides.
John doesn’t dignify that with a response, and remains stubbornly silent throughout the drive. It’s only when they step out, and he follows after Sherlock’s long, swift gait, that his mind is forced to relax somewhat. He wishes to remain angry, of course, but there’s something about how determined the other man looks that softens his heart.
Sherlock grunts, pouring himself some of the coffee John brewed and opening various cupboards to find the sugar (even though it is in the same cupboard it always is… Something else Sherlock Holmes, mastermind and owner of photographic memories has declined to stash away). “Before dawn.”
him and his bloody stupid eyeballs!” A small frustrated noise leaves her and she turns on her heel to leave the lab.
It might be a while before I upload the next chapter - I'm currently working on an original story (weird, huh?) and that is taking priority. I promise, though, that I won't stop with this one!
It’s just like every day. He gets up, he gets dressed, always taking care to put his Sig into the waistband of his pants (it made him feel safer, even if the penalties for carrying a firearm were step), he goes to his army ordered therapy (and does not mention the Sig). When it’s finally over he leaves as fast as he can, wanting just to run down the street and through that stupid park to get to the tube, to go
No, no, no. He can’t do that. Because if he loved John, if John loved him, it would be horrible. John would need him, always need him. He would soon learn everything about Sherlock, even the things that he has locked away and refuses to look at.
“Well… No, I guess not,” John admits. “It’s just difficult to think about. I’m still getting used to all of this.”
He watches as Mycroft, just a surly adolescent, is told by an older man that he’s lovely, that he’ll take him far away, and never let him down.
“May I at least ask what this is about?” he asks, nervousness filling his bones as the car turns into a warehouse district near the Thames, full of industrial shops that had long been abandoned, after the New Revolution.
Mike had been particularly smitten with a woman who was a few years older than them, already working rounds in the hospital while they were stuck in the classroom. She had dark hair down to her waist, was wickedly tall, and sang in the shower, which would wake John up every time she spent the night with Mike…
My first glance reveals that I am up against a wall, with a metal locker in front of me. Given that it is crooked in its alignment, and taking into account the dark scratches on the floor, it seems it has been moved from against the wall. I shuffle to my feet, and survey the rest of the room.
John stares at Moriarty, now beginning to consider the possibility that his cup has been poisoned. But what other choice does he have? He blows carefully on the cup, and takes a slow sip.
In the few moments it takes Lestrade to think, Sherlock pulls out his computer, and starts up the square screen. After some tapping, the Scotland Yard logo appears, and he holds it out for Lestrade to connect.
The flat is messy and disorganized, full of old books that seem like they had some category, but John can’t figure out what that is. Probably the best way to describe Sherlock’s mind, he thinks to himself as he glances back to the doll-man, who currently was fixing some flaw in the curtains that he couldn’t see either.
“Oh, for Christsake!” he hears Sherlock snarl, knocking him out of his daze. The detective freezes right outside their door, glaring at something across the street..
“May I do the grocery shopping first?” John teases, squeezing the hand and leaning against his hand to smirk at Sherlock. “Won’t want any distractions after all, will we?”
Hoisting myself up, I blink and try to become accustomed to the abrupt brightness, and then to figure out where I have emerged.
“Doesn’t matter,” I repeat, pushing her slightly out of the way, almost sighing in relief as I’m finally able to open the door. “Very sorry to bother you, Mrs. Hooper. Good day!” I tip my head in farewell, and walk off, leaving her still standing in front of the door, seeming completely dumbstruck by the experience.
John follows after Sherlock as he brushes off more policemen, shock slowly settling in after that ordeal.
He feels his face turn red in embarrassment as they keep walking. Right. Psychosomatic. He just hadn’t thought something like this could make it disappear in a few hours.
Sherlock is staring after Dr. Moriarty, a small scowl on his face. “I don’t know,” he mutters. “Come on, I’m starving.” All humor is gone from the detective’s face as he pulls his coat tighter to himself, and stalks down the street.
The following day, he’s off from work, and Mary is given a rare afternoon shift at the hospital. John immediately takes advantage of this, swallowing his pride and fear to take the tube to Baker Street.
“Lestrade wants paperwork done,” he sighs in annoyance. “Our thief has survived, fortunately, but the SWAT team has made quite a mess of the galleries. The museum is not happy, and wants some proof that this was the only way to catch the criminal.” He huffs, and flops down on the bed beside John once more. “Which will be difficult, because it wasn’t.”
I must be very important, at least to someone, I think as I gingerly wash the blood out of my hair, which stains the clear bath a bright pink. It might have struck me as poetic, if I weren’t so damn hungry.
Dinner with Mary is lovely. Her laugh is infectious, and the way she crinkles her nose makes John’s heart melt.
Their coffee comes, and Moriarty grins, immediately taking the mug from the waiter. As he does, his cuff slips down his wrist, and John catches a glimpse of the other’s Watch.
“I imagine tonight is a take away night?” Sherlock guesses, rubbing John’s back. John nods, too exhausted to think of a snappy comeback.
I turn off my light, to see if it’s not just a reflection. It isn’t. Rays of sunlight are pouring in, shining on a mass, lying in the middle of the light.
John laughs for a moment, until he realises Sherlock is serious. Then a flutter of worry goes through him. Only violent criminals had their Watches removed. “... Why?” he asks again.
“Men aren’t supposed to be together, it’s wrong, it’s not how nature is supposed to work!” John insists. “How could it be normal?!”
But even these frustrations seem to fit with the general theme. John thrives in chaos, and Sherlock Holmes is one of its best agents.
He buys coffee and a scone. He goes to work. He invites a coworker out to dinner. By the time he returns to the flat, it’s incredibly late, and he knows that Sherlock is catching up on all the sleep he missed during his case.
“No offence, sir, but I do hardly know you. I would feel uncomfortable telling you all of my thoughts on the matter. It’s a rather sacred moment, after all, I wouldn’t even know where to begin to tell you.”
No, he can’t think about that now. Not with Mary beside him. Not with her soft breathing, already lost in sleep after… How long had it been? Five minutes?
At one point, Sherlock wraps those strong arms around John from behind, and pulls him into the shadows, where no one can see them
Greg frowns, pausing as he goes over something in his head. “Well, what’s the next one going to be?”
He glances around the crime scene. Everyone looks rather put out at the anti-climatic turn of events. Except for John, who smiles at Sherlock through his soldier’s mask.
. He can’t think about his Soulmate right now, not while he’s trying to keep him and Sherlock out of jail.
Completely insane, up to Bedlam standards. Anyone who can somehow read minds, or for whatever reason
God, John is already hard, and Sherlock seems to be too. He tangles his fingers through the man’s curls, only for his hand to be snatched and pinned to the bed. The detective’s right hand, however, remains on the bed, where he instead supports himself with his elbow, and in the back of his mind John remembers how hard he hit the table.
“I’ve been thinking of getting a flatshare, but really, who would want me for a flatmate?” he says, keeping up a faux grin for the joke, and gestures to himself.
John stumbles down the stairs back into the foyer, in shock. He stands there for a moment with his heart pounding, trying to understand what just occurred.
“A rather long story. Now, if you please,” I prompt, continuing to smile, although I’m not sure why (“Smiling always gets you what you want,” a voice tells me).
“I could have you here, if you’d like. I could make you scream against the wall, and no one would have to know.” His lips ghost John’s, his breath making the doctor’s hair stand on end.
Now that he admitted this, he also had to confess that, yes, he could not go back on that fantasy. For the first time, he truly wished Sherlock had been a woman, because then they surely would have been Soulmates.
John pulls away after a moment, staring down at Sherlock, taking in his dark curls splayed on the pillow, how rosy his cheeks are in the low lamplight.
Thanks for sticking through with this, everyone! I've been busy with some original works and the whole process of trying to become like, a real writer or whatever.
Sherlock gives him a look, that even in his half-awake state looks judging and annoyed. “They removed it,” he says, as if it’s obvious.
“Yes, I know very well,” he practically growls back, marching hurriedly across the street to where the man is. John freezes in horror.
He must be high on adrenaline, because somehow he doesn’t even hesitate when the announcer declares Baker St station, leaving the train and taking the familiar exit.
But, as I hear the wind and rain pick up once again outside, I decide that staying at least one night here would not hurt.
“Of course,” Sherlock says casually. “People of her status don’t travel out of town to commit suicide in abandoned subsidized housing.”
95d05h29m, it reads. It’s been getting closer, ever since he’s gotten back to London, but not moving fast enough.
Sherlock nods slowly, his solemn look transforming into another wicked smirk. “Want to see some more?”
I find myself smiling again. I’ve landed in a hospital, in an operating room, it seems. The locker I had seen on my way in has been moved, to hide the incriminating hole, I would think.
Mike continues to talk to him, and John smiles and laughs when appropriate, but it is obvious that he does not care, only pretending to for Mike’s benefit. Instead, his attention seems to be lost in his own world, gazing off absently into nowhere.
Lestrade glances to John, who is only able to nod, corroborating Sherlock’s story. The detective inspector sighs. “Right. Well, I’m going to need you to go over some paperwork here.”
“How, John?!” Suddenly the man’s voice is thunderous, taking up all the space in the flat. “How are we going to talk this one out?!”
Almost three weeks after their last tryst, he’s called to make a consultation with a surgeon at St. Bart’s. He schedules the meeting for early in the morning, knowing there’s no chance Sherlock would be on the floor at that time to see him.
At that moment, he honestly believed he would die. In the final moments, before he was forced under sedation for surgery, he prayed. He prayed to a god he hadn’t believed in in years, one he still didn’t believe in.
“Right, eventually. Took me an extra three weeks, you know,” he snaps. John glances between the two, taking a step back as he watches the confrontation.
He stares at his Watch during his entire commute to work, standing at the tube with his eyes glued to his wrist.
For a moment, he worries she’ll say no just to be cheeky. “We’ll have to be quiet, my flatmate is a light sleeper,” she says finally, and John breathes a sigh of relief.
“Oh, I always care about them when someone else is on the line,” Sherlock sighs. “I don’t think you’ve met this one. He’s skinny as a reed, except for this enormous nose.”
It’s obvious that Sherlock enjoys explaining his methods, even though he pretends to be annoyed at having to describe such an easy thing to him. In the darkness of the cab, with just the hints of streetlamps pouring in, Sherlock really does look like a porcelain doll, but far too animated for one, his lips are too turned up, but his eyes certainly are wide enough, and there’s something… mystifying about watching this. If it were any other person John would probably be tempted to punch them in the face for being a twat, but this man is… far too exotic looking for that. The way his hands move with such ease, to take his phone, to tap his leg, it’s almost dreamlike. No, it’s like a ringleader, completely confident and showing off his tricks, all for the audience of John.
It takes several tries, but finally he succeeds in the outcome he was working for: when he lies down on the bed, he only needs to glance over to see his entire profile. With this done, Sherlock stands, smirking, and goes off to finish the rest of the preparations for his lover’s arrival.
talking to is gone, flying to the ground with his black coat flowing above him, in a final act of grace and beauty. His eyes stare up to the sky, lifeless and unseeing.
Sherlock huffs. “Well, let’s see, in university I dealt contraception, and for a while I was addicted to cocaine. It was rather vital for me to get on these websites.”
The sight of the bed suddenly reminds me how absolutely exhausted I am. I suppose it makes sense, having one’s memory wiped must be quite tiring. My eyelids begin to droop of their own accord, not going unnoticed by Mrs. Hudson.
“By the way, Lestrade, when you, or any of the other incredibly qualified policemen at the Yard came in here to investigate, did you bother to look up?”
“Stamford! Watson!” the bald-colonel man shouts. “Take the backside of the hospital, keep your eyes peeled for planes, we’ve received tips suggesting that the Enemy will strike today!”
“Shit,” he mutters. “A prominent one, too. Three arrests and no consequence whatsoever. Had to have had some politician in her pocket.”
“Edward,” I blurt, perhaps a bit too loudly, judging by Mrs. Hudson’s jump back. I’m not used to my voice, it’s deeper than I had expected. “Edward Teach!”
The pain roars back - I seethe in agony. I groan and lean against the cool, brick wall, trying to ignore the throbbing. I run a hand through my hair, and feel a thick wetness. I put my hand in front of my eyes, try to see it in the darkness...It’s a dark liquid.
John is immediately struck with tenderness at how childish Sherlock is being, and wished for nothing more than to continue to tease him by snoozing the alarm and then leaving the room, but then remembers that today he would meet his Soulmate.
I'm back and with a wonderful new beta, go and check out Burning_Up_A_Sun she's marvelous and not just because she's been teaching me about the correct appreciation of verbs or to use their correct title 'Word Porn'.
Sherlock steps up and pulls John into and embrace. He fits his front snugly to John’s back and nuzzles into his neck. John feels his lips part and a small moan escape him. He tilts his neck and let’s Sherlock trace the short line of it with his closed lips.
The annual Holmes winter party should be held next week and I wait with bated breath John to see what ridiculous sentiment filled speech my mother will give after my death. They raise money for drug awareness programs that still use the mantra ‘just say no’. I fear I do so often mock that lesson.
‘Yes you do, this folder’ pointing to the latest she placed on the table, ‘this one contains suggestions about a schedule but you might find she has her own ideas about timings. Don’t look so panicked John, these folders have all the information you need for right now and I’ll be back tomorrow. If anything goes terribly wrong, here, this is my card and on the back I’ve written my mobile number. You call and I will talk you through whatever it is but you’re not going to need me. Follow the instructions and remember to breath.’ She smiled softly leaning forward to tap Mina on the nose, ‘be good little Miss’ turning the rooms other occupants John can only think to describe her expression as smug. ‘You two, help him when he needs it and most of all continue to distract him because this whole experience is going to go much more smoothly if he continues to laugh’ With a final smile at John and a flickering of her fingers at Mina Lisa left.
Mrs Hudson is laughing lightly from behind them, while Tammy breaks back into the folder, ‘So you’ll do the rest of this one? Oh you renamed it? A Study in Scarlet? Oh because of her lipstick and dress, nice nice, Oh Mina isn’t your Daddy clever?’ everyone freezes, John’s certain he just heard another voice in the room, he thinks he recognises it but he’s not sure why.
‘She has no reason to know that, preferable scenario she’s shocked to have left everyone she knows behind and she’s adapting. Worst she’s been traumatised by the actions of the bastards Greg saved her from and if that’s the case we’re going to help her heal and then so help me we’re going to shoot every one of those dicks in the head.’ Mycroft not commenting on the aggression or the tears running down John’s face struck John both as compassionate but also an agreement. If they needed too, the two men would defend their family.
Breakfast came next; Mina sat in her high chair paying John not one jot of attention, after being presented with the new book her Uncle Mycroft had left in the car for John to find before his return journey; the story centred on the adventures of four flower fairies; here had been a distinct winter theme when John had skimmed through the pages. John wasn’t overly informed on the topic of fairies. He remembered some the oddly muddled mutterings of his mother’s aunt on the topic but it amounted to nothing clear; however the images throughout the book were beautiful and as Mina was too young to read the fine text the illustrations were the only draw for her. She proceeded to squeal unhappily at him when he removed the book in favour of a plate of toast and scrambled eggs. He could sense a mess in the making when her first action was to run her hand over the buttered top of the bread. There was nothing for it other than to sigh lightly and ensure they had clean napkins on the table. He’d never known the true use for the pieces of material before trying to feed a fussy child.
‘I do not know what to tell you John, you already know none of this is your fault. You survived a war, you have seen atrocities and experienced great pain in service to your country, all that before returning home and starting up with someone that enjoyed the darker side of London. You loved it too, the adrenaline and mystery, that much was obvious. Not to mention.’ Mycroft clears his throat here, ‘Not to mention my brothers actions, if after all of that you experience some distress then there is no shame in it, in fact it proves you are human.’ John offers no response, he knows all of these facts, it doesn’t change the fact that sometimes he gets so scared at night he wants to crawl under the bed in the same way he did as a child.
I love you John. I always will and I miss you so much. I am walking through the fields of a hidden war and I am doing it for you. To keep you safe because despite my best efforts you remain at the forefront of my mind.
This man tonight, Alexander, I doubt you will hear about him on any British media but Mycroft will and that thought scares me more than it should. I failed to hide myself well tonight John. My face may have been visible to cameras I cannot say for certain. I should have been more careful I know but there were so many children John and I was so angry.
‘Sir,’ It’s Sally this time, she’s crying again, ‘Sir, you were the closest to her, she looks up to you, you should be there when she wakes up, go on let them see you and take you to the hospital.’ Devin is waving his hands to attract the paramedics who’ve been left behind, two of them coming over at a jog,
John took the new photograph Mycroft held out and felt his throat close up. The image contained the same unsmiling face of Sebastian, wearing sun glasses this time and a finely cut suit. The dark colour framed his shoulders perfectly, drawing the eye to his thick tattooed neck and the muscles that bulged from within the sleeves. But he wasn’t the focus of John’s attention. No his eyes was being drawn to the smaller man in the centre; the slim cut of his bespoke suit, the glittering shine of his aviator shades and the undeniable smirk of John’s worst nightmare.
‘If someone will show me to the child’s room, I need to inspect the proposed sleeping area. Also I need to assess your level of preparedness in relation to recreational and practical tools, bottles, toys and the like.’
When Greg looked back at it later he wouldn’t be able to explain his flash of anger entirely. He would be able to explain that when she called Donovan a slut he was reminded of how much of a bully she was, of all the affairs she had conducted, but he wouldn’t be able to explain why the image that filled his mind was one of Donovan after their latest mission, he eyes puffy from the tears that had spilled and the sound of her voice diminished and raw. After Sherlock died the two may have fallen out but he had never stopped respecting Sally Donovan, she was a fine officer and a wonderful woman. She had no patience and her social skills on occasion bordered Sherlock’s for inappropriateness but she didn’t deserve any of his wife’s slander.
“Because my brother did a wonderful job of convincing the world he didn’t have a heart when in fact he had a very large one. He loved very deeply and loyally and had since childhood.”
“That’s right clever girl. In the room the Knight saw the most beautiful man he had ever seen. He thought to himself that this man must be very special, and he was. He was a prince and the Knight was sad again because surely the Prince wouldn’t want to be friends with the Knight. But then the Prince looked at the Knight and he told him everything about himself. All of his secrets, the prince saw them and he winked.
The man liked to remind John, like to say on a regular basis that people were attracted to him because they couldn’t see past the carefully crafted veneer he wore in public. John thought that was likely the case, it was only once you moved past Sherlock’s shell, once you examined him first thing in the morning, before he was preened and ready for the world, man was such a peacock sometimes, that you saw the reason someone could love him rather than simply want to shag his brains out.  Sherlock had always indicated that he’d never done that though, he was married to his work, or so he said, how could he possibly have a child.
John, distracted as he was by the multitude of flowers surrounding him on all sides, had completely bypassed the other human being in the room. His attention now drawn back to his primary purpose in investigating, what he now recognised as a variation on a greenhouse, he found himself face to face with a silver haired gentleman, he was slightly taller than John but not to the degree that he’d need to incline his head to make eye contact, his features were weathered but certainly handsome, his face bore laughter lines and a multitude of wrinkles making what John imagined was once a sharply lined face softer. His eyes, although hidden behind square cut classes, bore a striking resemblance to his eldest son's.
‘This is D.I. Lestrade, he was helping P.C. Osborn and we think he’s in shock’ they start manoeuvring him towards the last ambulance but he shakes them off,
‘Honestly Mother, Mycroft is the name you gave me if you could possibly struggle all the way to the end.’  Violet merely tuts at him on her way to once again fix her hair in the mirror, ‘You look fine Mother, I hardly think Doctor Watson will think badly of you if you have a hair out of place.’
‘She doesn’t make a noise John,’ John had only experience one other occasion of Mycroft sounding this emotional, he remembered the older man leaning nearly double in the hospital waiting room while they’d waited to identify Sherlock, he’d kept expressing his guilt and his shame and John at the time had been in no position to comfort him. After what Sherlock had told him Mycroft had done, John blamed him too. No amount of logic and compassion could have changed that in that waiting room. But here, surrounded by the people he loved, he understood the tone more, Mycroft was looking at what was left of his brother and seeing something fragile and it terrified him, the terror was that he’d lose her as he’d lost Sherlock and John could only feel compassion for that because he shared in the feeling.
Tabloid headlines read; ‘John Watson still deluded!’, ‘Genius commits suicide while lover looks on’, ‘I still believe in Sherlock Holmes: why John Watson became the most deluded doctor in Britain.’
Sure enough John hears the slap of expensive leather shoes on rain soaked paving slabs and closes his eyes to await the press of Sherlock’s body against his. Sherlock will mean it to be impersonal but John will bask in the forty five seconds of that moment of close contact. The press doesn’t come. Nothing does. The footsteps stop and John can feel Sherlock standing behind him, can hear him breathing, but the man doesn’t say or do anything to get them through the door and out of the London drizzle.
“No, but still I wanted to check. Would be a little awkward if I just blurted it out in front of him and he didn’t have a clue what I was talking about. Alright, so you’re dating Mycroft, what about it?” John asked. Greg looked a little gob smacked, he sat there simply staring at John for long enough to freak him out, “Greg, what?”
“Are you going to tell me?” Greg watched Francis, obviously uncomfortable with Greg’s gruff questioning. He didn’t like letting John and Mina out of his sight but they were currently being flanked by people he could only assume were government trained. “I can ask Mr. Holmes if it will make your life easier.”
Arriving back at the office he left Sally’s coffee next to her key board while he watched the woman herself throw verbal abuse at Anderson across the room, he really should separate them but they’d been playing this particular game for years, fraternizing amongst colleagues was never a good idea when you worked in a high pressure environment but especially when one of the participants was married. He’d wondered on numerous occasions if Anderson’s wife knew but from his own experiences he couldn’t honestly say if she would prefer too. Perhaps ignorance was bliss.
The ringing in his ears dulled to allow the noise of his agent’s to penetrate his consciousness. Mycroft looked down to where he was still being restrained by David. The smears of blood that decorated his battered knuckles darkened as the blood dried. He had lost control. All it had taken was the image of his niece, traumatised by monsters like the man in front of him, and he had snapped. This was a weakness he shouldn’t have exposed, one that he should have been aware of.
He was still in his sixties when I was in my teens. Mycroft and I were plagued by the same inadequacies in his eyes; we preferred books to sport, held a higher regard for intelligence than for strength and were more likely to plot a battle and its’ movements than lead the charge. Mycroft managed to find himself a position of power my Grandfather respected; Mycroft’s role today is an extension of the standing our family have held for generations whereas I went from Eton to Cambridge to cocaine back to Cambridge and finally to London where I wasted as much time as possible at Mycroft’s estate rather than face my family. I can hear you scoffing at the idea but really Mycroft is the best of a bad bunch in my bloodline. A pompous cake loving bureaucrat yes but not an abusive braggart by any means.
‘What’s funny mate?’ Greg sounds bemused and John thinks he must look crazy laughing at seemingly nothing, should he point out that Mycroft looks to have gone three rounds in some stable or not.
The next time he caught the flash of a security camera he was holding Mina, he directed her gaze up and had her wave towards the camera, seemingly obscured as it was by a large tree. Before he turned away with Mina towards a highly amused looking John, he tapped two of his fingers against his lips and raised it towards the camera in the hopes of blowing a kiss while holding Mina safely against his other side.  He felt his phone buzz moments later.
‘A trigger, in this case a trauma trigger, is something that causes a flashback, a recollection of the original trauma. They can be any number of things, people, places, sounds, smells for some people taste also plays a serious part in the process but that’s less common. For Mina the majority seem to revolve around items or certain social situations. She seems to have a form of claustrophobia; she can’t be in enclosed spaces for long periods of time, she reacts badly to shouting, we discovered that with the television, she panicked when she saw someone smoking so I tend to believe it might be a trigger.’ Mycroft makes a mental note of the last one; it was something he hadn’t realised, yet another reason to attempt quitting again.
‘Mycroft are you out here?’  John had finally found his hosts hiding place, the man seemed to jump out of his skin at his appearance, it reminded him of the few times he had managed to drag Sherlock out of his mind palace. ‘Aren’t you freezing sitting out here?’ the man was sitting in his shirt sleeves and waistcoat, his suit jacket having been abandoned after the second bottle of wine had been opened. All four of the adults present were suffering to some degree from its influence but John figured Violet was the most affected. The combination of alcohol, stress and a strong emotional reaction had done a number on the woman, John had accompanied her and Siger upstairs and after checking the ingredients on the sleeping tablets the woman had he’d agreed she could take a half dose without it causing her any harm. Siger had been grateful for the help in calming his wife, he’d had explained quickly to John that she was prone to fits of depression occasionally but that she rarely became hysterical. When John had enquired about the sleeping pills Siger had reluctantly agreed the doctor had prescribed them shortly after Sherlock’s death, his wife had taken the news hard and held a great deal of guilt in the memories of her youngest son.
*** = change of perspective (this chapter has John and Mycroft's in) or a jump in time during the chapter, basically means something changes.
“The Prince went to fight the Dragon all alone because he loved the Knight and he didn’t want him to get hurt. The Dragon knew though, he knew all their secrets and he told the Prince that if he didn’t go with him he would hurt the Knight. The Prince didn’t want to go but he had to save the Knight because the good guys always fight for love.”
Greg turned on the spot blatantly looking for the cameras. At Francis’ obvious cough he followed the man’s line of sight until he caught the slight gleam of a camera lens. He turned toward, it saluting the camera and dropping a wink for good measure. His phone vibrated once more in his hand. He cast his eye down to check the message and felt the smile on his face widen to a blatant grin.
Three hours, more spring rolls than could ever be considered sensible and an illogical fortune cookie later John was pretty certain moving from the sofa was impossible, Mina had continued to sleep soundly and John could only hope she’d make It through the night. He was exhausted, every bone in his body felt heavy and he had to fight to keep his eyes from closing. He turned his head to find Tammy curled up on her side with her face pressed into the sofa cushions, she smiled lightly reflecting John’s own tiered expression back at him,
Two officers were struck down in a raid gone wrong Thursday evening. Project Poppy, the brain child of Chief Inspector Samuel Author, has been in operation for a number of months. Casualties have been few amongst the police carrying out the operations but in the early hours of Thursday morning their collective luck ran out. Two officers were confirmed dead at the scene with a number of others were in need of urgent hospital attention.
“I mean was leather involved or something because,” Greg shrugged and John whistled in response “I’ve been underestimating Mycroft clearly.”
‘It’s not even eleven how can we possibly be this tiered?’ it was a miracle John could understand her through the Tammy’s slightly shaky yawn.
“No, there’s at least four. These were easy to find, Moriarty almost highlighted them for us announcing their arrivals on Baker Street.”
There was radio, or text, silence for a number of minutes and Greg wondered if perhaps he had pushed too far. The flirting had been blatant, however, and he didn’t like to think he had become that out of practice.  The silence lasted for long enough that they’d moved on to the next room and rejoined John and Mrs Hudson before he felt his phone buzz again.
He placed a hand lightly on her shoulder before striding through the door connecting the observation booth and Mitrović’s feral glare.
So he did, he bought her fresh flowers every day, practiced his reading while sitting on the bed next to her, he spent his eighth birthday cradling his brother in their nursery while listening to his mother have a panic attack across the hall. Even as the months past and she managed to leave her bed she had no interest in playing games anymore, no interest in continuing their studies of physics. He would find her some afternoons, once his tutors had freed him for the day standing over the bassinette simply watching his brother cry. She seemed to only half hear him most days, drifting through the rooms of the family wing dressed in her night clothes. It was six months later that his father first had to leave them, it would be for two weeks and his Grandparents would come to provide any supervision that was needed. Mycroft hated his grandparents visits, his grandfather was mean and his grandmother smelt of burnt sugar when he had to kiss her cheek, Mycroft had cried in his father’s embrace that evening, Siger had tried to sooth him, reassure him that nothing bad would happen in his absence and that two weeks would pass faster than he could imagine. He had been wrong on both counts.
‘You are most welcome Gregory, perhaps next time you call there will be no crisis and I would like to hear from you without something dire having occurred.’
‘John hello, I suppose it would have hit the papers today; the online ones were running it yesterday.’
‘Gregory’ he’s always thought he was able to feel it when Mycroft says his full name, it sends shivers down his spine to hear it almost purr out in Mycroft’s baritone voice. ‘To what do I owe the pleasure?’
‘God is it? Sorry Dan I’m not with it today’ the younger man smiles before dashing off the collect his belongings, he thinks it’s possible the young man rather fancies Sally. The age difference doesn’t bother him but the idea of yet more drama integrating itself within his team fills him with dread. Maybe he can introduce the young man to some of the women on the fraud prevention team, they’re lovely, friendly and approachable and they’re also a completely different division on a completely different floor of the building.
‘John she’s fine, I made her milk, we had a little cuddle while she drank but she only got half way through the beaker before she was falling asleep, so I took her upstairs and read her that nice fairy story you both seem to like so much until she was fast asleep, maybe she was just tiered from her day. It was a big day John, lots of people. Don’t worry so much, are you having a nice time?’
Danny’s waiting for him by the elevators; he waves across at Sally who’s brandishing a folder at Anderson while refusing to make eye contact with him. She raises an eyebrow at his leaving early and with one of his subordinates but Greg is certain there’s no need for that, the young man fancies her not him and besides there’s an even greater age gap between them than Danny and Sally, it’d be foolish to think this was anything other than the young man asking advice.
Always, right from the start, the man had been able to bring John into his plans. This whole scene was so perfectly dramatic that John could just imagine Sherlock orchestrating it.
‘Alright Mina, down the rabbit hole we go’ A small bell rings as they enter the store, to the left John can see that the Lego display continues for half the shop, children’s tables have half built Lego structures decorating them, some look to be castles, he sees what looks to be the Death Star and some form of space ship. To the right racks of clothes, costumes, mini lab coats and shelves of shoes, converse, mini doc martins, he moves to rummage through the options, balancing Mina on his hip he picks up a pair of bumble bee converse which he is determined to buy.
Mycroft sighed. “There is a great deal to say on this, John. Mitrović represented a small group of Moran’s men, he was a small fish in reality, although he caused quite enough damage. The link to Mina is simple; he knew her name and her relationship to me. He knew enough to have identified her as a point of weakness for me.”
‘Violet and Siger, unusual I know, but that should be no real surprise. Mrs Hudson, are you sure she was ok? She doesn’t have a fever? She wasn’t upset I wasn’t there?’ there’s a small sigh from the other end of the phone and John thinks it’s possible Mrs Hudson had been trying to distract him with talk of the older Holmes couple.  He continued to move closer to the structure, it looked to be at least half made out of glass, a shadow was clearly visible and John’s mind leapt to the possibility of an intruder, his blood started thrumming lightly with adrenaline, he felt it catch in his throat slightly, Mrs Hudson seemed to catch the slight quickening of his breath as panic for his daughter, her tone was kind if a little like that of an exacerbated mother,
‘Yes, I’m alright, it’s just, something weird happened and I didn’t know what to do and for some reason I thought of you.’
‘To be honest most of these toys are for slightly older children, the board games are a bit more advanced but there are cool costumes she might like for fancy dress and our Harry Potter and Lord of the Rings sections do have some toddler options,’ John moves to the sections she indicates ‘We have soft doll ranges to make them more appropriate for younger children, let me just’ she dives under the table in the middle of the room part way through her section but John feels he’s starting to get used to this brand of conversation, it’s not so different from when Sherlock would jump into the middle of an explanation without providing any context, he’d learnt coping mechanisms, ‘Ah ha!’ Her arms are full when she reappears, the already messy ponytail now looks more like the top of a pineapple than anything else and John barely stops himself from laughing. She tips her offering onto the only section of the table not covered in bobble heads and holds up a cuddly Spok toy, ‘Isn’t he so cool’
“I realised at the pool. I think I feel in love with him earlier but I knew then. In that moment when I thought we were going to die the last thing I wanted to do was lie to myself.”
‘Oh come on Tammy, you know why I can’t. Why are you making this awkward? I helped once, I don’t want people realising it’s about Sherlock, I don’t need the drama and you know I closed down my blog for a reason Tammy.’ He’d started to receive messages from the public of both support and anger from the public after Sherlock made the papers for the last time. He couldn’t risk that sort of reaction again, especially now he had Mina.
You worried so much about that John, I fear I have failed to maintain the regimen within my diet that you had tried to devise. I rarely eat when I do not feel it is essential, I have been drinking coffee; I can not find decent tea in this part of the world and I have been smoking John. I figure that out of my three choices of addiction you would prefer nicotine above cocaine or reckless danger. The danger available to me on my current undertaking would involve coming face to face with any number of individuals who would kill me on sight or perhaps worse. These people are capable of creative cruelty John. Either way breaking my cover at this moment would mean dying at their hands and I do not believe you would wish that. I can not imagine you are angry enough with me to wish my truly dead. I heard you, that day in the grave yard, you asked me not to be dead.
Apparently happy with her hand off Tammy rushes forwards to help John balance the assortment of toys, puzzles and books he’s found to fill their flat, he only just stops himself from buying a glow in the dark Millennium Falcon, as he follows Tammy back to the cash register he once again focuses on the green glow,
“We’re not one hundred percent certain of that yet but my team have been working for some time of suspected links between drug cartels in the United States and Eastern Europe. I wonder if you might remember any of his colleagues, in particular this man.” Mycroft pointed to the man on the left hand side of the photograph. “Did you know him?”
He had been unable to answer her enquiries in the detail she’d apparently desired leading to a heated argument which had ended with his mother threatening to move to London so she could conduct her own surveillance as his was clearly failing her, his father had done a great deal of the mollifying on that occasion and she seemed to have calmed a great deal once Mycroft had sent them an email with a small portion of video footage John had sent him; the clip had shown Mina riding her rocking horse, a small piece of Holmes heritage Mycroft had provided his beloved niece, the fact she’d taken to the imitation animal so thoroughly had provided him with a great deal of pleasure, Sherlock had always loved horses, along with Redbeard  and thoroughbred Toby had been the closest he had come to friends until he had made the change to university. Memories of watching his brother compete had flashed through his head while watching his niece play with the gift. No matter John’s objections he was determined to provide her with all the lessons she desired when the time came.
‘I’m sorry?’ John can’t help feeling confused. The last time he’d seen Greg the man had been stressed, sleep deprived and undernourished but that, John had come to understand, was just part of the police officers lifestyle. There had been no major cause for concern, except perhaps the man’s blood pressure.
‘We need it to be perfect, don't we John, for this little girl we need to make her life just perfect, for him as well as for her, he would have wanted that.’
I am afraid circumstances call for me to ask you once more for assistance. My current situation means I myself will be unable to fulfill the task I set before you.
John couldn't stop himself from giggling, the idea of Sherlock being outraged by being named after an aunt provided him with more joy then he’d experienced in months, he’d imagined sitting and discussing Sherlock with people who knew him would be painful but in reality the pain, although present, was lacking its sharpness thanks to the company he was keeping.
Greg returns his attention to the warehouse, there were three distinct sections; the chemical workshop, what looked to be a sweatshop of some kind and the holding area for the civilians they’d removed. Forensics was in for a hell of a job with this one, the sheer amount of physical evidence would take an age to process.
‘Hi Terry, the usual morning routine for me but Sally wanted some fancy excuse for a Latte, don’t remember half of it but there was something about half fat?’ The barista laughs at him while making the order, looking around Greg is reminded of the other reason he loves it here, the warm dark wood interior his highlighted by rich reds and dark greens, it’d been the perfect place to meet Mycroft on a number of occasions, close enough to work to be workable for a lunch but quiet enough to discuss whatever they’d needed to in private, it’d started out as conversations about Sherlock, more like reports than a lunch between friends, but after three years they’d become close enough for conversations to revolve around their lives, or lack thereof, rather than the man who’d been the world’s only consulting detective.
‘Jesus Greg, I’m so sorry.’ John couldn’t help but be reminded of his time in Afganistan, as a field medic he’d been first on the scene after major disasters, sometimes he can still remember the feeling of his friend’s bodies turning cold, he knows how such memories can haunt you, especially if a person is left alone with them for too long, ‘They were both great officers.’
“Because, Mr Holmes, the end of this story isn’t your brother, oh no, it’s you. We see you now, No longer the ice-man are you?” Mitrović mocked.
“I have no intention of signing until I have a lawyer look them over. I want to make sure our estate is divided in a way which represents my interests, our interests. Besides there’s no rush is there? I’ve been on you for one of these for years; I can wait a little longer.” She raised an eyebrow at him, “Unless there’s some special reason you’re all of a sudden so eager. Do tell, Greg, have you found yourself a little fuck toy? Is it Donovan? She’s enough of a slut to fuck you isn’t she?”
‘Hey Lestrade,’ Danny one of the younger recruits on his team walks through Greg’s door causing the liquid heat he’d been allowing to fill his veins to retreat, definitely not professionally to remember your sex dream at work ‘Sally wants to know if you’re coming with us for lunch? We figured we’d hit Samuel’s if there’s enough of us’  he has to clear his throat before answering and even so he’s not completely convinced he sounds normal,
‘Yes but believe me that was more of a trauma, we got her calm once all the tests were run and the information for the police was collected but she was still miserable. I’m shocked she’s happy now. I’m imagining she must like you, trust from this baby, I would have thought it would have to be hard won but she seems to be off to a good start.’
“You don’t have to; none of us know what we’re doing. But John’s right, Sherlock deserves better and so does Mina. You want to give her the world, I know that, but right now what she needs is the opportunity to grow up in a world where both her fathers are heroes. Where she knows Sherlock didn’t leave because he had nothing to live for but rather he died because he loved others more deeply than himself.”
Mina’s scream penetrates the near silence and he reacts on instinct; right hand drawing his gun from its place on the side table. Hitting the stairway before whoever has entered downstairs, thoughts of Mrs Hudson occur quickly but whoever it is seem focused on the stairs and entering 221b, his territory. He moves to the bottom of Mina’s stairs, gun raised, he’ll kill anyone who tries to harm her, she’s still screaming and he moves backwards up the stairs, he’s wary of tripping but they’re getting closer now, he turns and runs the final section of stairs flinging open the door to the nursery.
She’s stunning, so stunning, her hair falling longer than Sherlock kept his it forms looser curls than he was expecting. She has the high cheekbones and bow shaped mouth he recognised so clearly but her colourings are a little different. She’s pale, to a near ghostly level and his concern flies immediately to her health, but her breaths are even and there is a little colour in her cheeks. Her hands are tiny, her fingers even smaller than he'd expected, why did no one ever think to talk about how cute baby fingernails were, they were so small, so dainty, he thought she looked a little like a doll, that thought terrified him, how was he to care for something so delicate. He doesn’t realise he’s shaking till someone presses a hand to his shoulder.
Greg worries for a moment that he means the kiss, he’s about the drop his arms and make a speedy retreat when he feels Mycroft’s lips pressing insistently to his neck, the man is nuzzling him and his warm breath heating his skin and he reasons it would be unlikely that Mycroft would mean the kiss in these circumstances.  Instead of answering he runs his hands through the man's hair and presses kisses to his brow. He knows he should feel guilty, he’s a married man, but in reality he’s not felt married for some time and he hasn’t loved his wife for even longer.  This man has his heart and being close to him could never feel wrong.
Sherlock’s face swims in front of John’s, his vision blurred by the alcohol and the force of the young woman’s fist. Strong punch good girl John thinks. She would have made a decent solider if she had been so inclined. Sherlock’s speaking to him but over the din of the constable’s tempers being soothed and Dimmock swooning over a strong feisty woman John can’t hear him.
Accepting the photograph John gives it a lingering glance before stating ‘Explain’,  perhaps his brother had left a mark on their friendship after all.
‘Mrs Hudson I think you’re most likely correct, I should go and be more social. I just wanted to check in but if you’re certain all is well then I suppose I’ll leave you to enjoy your book.’
I have once again become distracted from the original purpose of this letter John. I hope you will forgive me my meandering thoughts. Needless to say I have an evening to myself before perpetrating whatever plan I come up with to counteract the intelligence my mark does possess.
“Then you’re just going to wait until you’re in the same room and give him a piece of your mind dear.” Mrs. Hudson said bluntly.
‘They’ll help you sleep Mr Lestrade, don’t worry you’re with friends here.’ She’s got a soft face and when she sinks to sit next to him on the bed and clasp his hand he can’t help but cling to it, it’s an anchor to comfort and he doesn’t want her to leave.
‘Mr. Ambassador if you could refrain from speaking nonsense for five minutes I would appreciate it. Let me first reiterate that you have disgraced the position awarded to you by Her Majesty the Queen and as such it would be wise to refrain from insulting any more of her employees, would you not agree?’ Silence had greeted his declaration until an unexpectedly clear voice spoke from the other side;
‘Alright, Sergeant Donavon take your team to the west exit, the one which exits onto the dock, Sergeant Franklin take the east, the exit is a narrow doorway you’re looking at single file through their guys so be careful, the north side of the building leads straight onto the road and we’ve got roadblocks in all directions, I’ll be leaving the road blocks up to you Devin, you make sure everyone’s got full riot gear, okay?’ Devin gives him thumbs up from near the back, the Sergeant is built like a wall, solid muscle through and through, intimidating as hell to anyone.
‘I quite agree, you have to be here for when Mina arrives. Food is something that can be ordered in or I have my people. Someone will be able to collect the things you need and bring them to you rather than you leaving the house.’
I intend to avoid such actions John but I have not ruled it out of the possible progression this evening will have to take. My experiences of heterosexual sex have all taken place while I was under the influence of one drug or another.
The crunch of gravel beneath heels gave him a slight warning before the glossy haired brunette appeared beside him, her blackberry still held in front of her face Anthea cast him a side glance before smirking slightly,
‘Is she happy John?’ It might be the most succinct he has ever heard his mother be in relation to Mina, but as Mycroft quickly scans the litany of questions she’d asked this one simple question does sum up the majority of them, her concerns had been around her retention of memories, her recovery from any trauma, her physical healing, her development, but overall he can see how they all stemmed from the one enquiry.
He started up the stairs, they would simply have to be a group of four and Mycroft would deal with the results of their discussion later. All would be well if Mrs Hudson agreed but there was of course the possibility she would find the whole business of child rearing distasteful. She had never had children herself and perhaps the reason was because she was not fond of them, removing a set of keys from his pocket he swept his way into a room that had once been the centre of his brothers home.
Well perhaps the feeling wasn’t completely irrational, he turned his head slightly to make eye contact with Mycroft and there he stood with his hip leaning against the baby gate, looking impeccable in a three piece suit, smirking down at John crouching on the floor, wearing a comfortable t-shirt and soft faded jeans, it was irrational to feel underdressed in one’s own home but John managed it.
“Alright, so I’d hold back on punching you until you passed the baby off, but John, don’t be sorry. This is good. You should be talking about this. I struggled with accepting myself in my twenties, it was hard then but I image it must be ten times harder when you’re pushing forty.”
Mycroft’s eyes sparkled with humour when Greg moved in to kiss him lightly. It was fast and chaste, aware as he was that they still had an audience.
John watches Mycroft and Mina interact, Mycroft’s dual nature confuses the hell out of him, Sherlock once described him as the most dangerous man in the country and yet here he was sitting in Sherlock’s leather chair allowing his niece to play with a pocket watch John is certain would be worth more than any other item in the room and yet he doesn’t flinch when Mina starts trying to chew it, merely smiles and tucks a loose curl behind her ear.
He imagined the young Doctor was unwilling to walk around the house unaccompanied but was in need of some sort of distance. He had tracked the doctor’s emotions through the man’s eyes; they were highly expressive when he was behaving in an unguarded way. His medical training had clearly allowed him to appear detached while still compassionate, a large part of his bedside manner Siger imagined, but they could not escape the reality that they were discussing family, a concept it was clear they all held most dear.
“I dunno, I don’t think about it much Greg. As dramatic as that just sounded. I don’t think it really matters too much to me right now. I’m not going to be dating for a while.” John nodded down to his daughter.
“I don’t want to think like that Greg; like we could have had the whole thing if only our timing had been right.”
‘Yes she is Doctor Watson, I’ve bought you her files, I think it was mentioned you’d want to look over everything we have about her. I understood you chose a name, we’ll edit our files accordingly.’
“Thanks?” John said, unsure as to why Sherlock was suddenly complimenting him on his choice of clothes. That seemed very out of character.
Sherlock arriving at the restaurant after his "death" and John's reaction. Emotions are unravelled in this Post Reichenbach reunion/fix.
“Right, so I should be able to see what you see and if you speak I’ll hear you,” Sherlock explained.
“Ok, right, yes or no. Got it. Right, back out there Doctor Watson,” Sherlock said, way too enthusiastically.
“Well, she’s a similar age to you, maybe a bit younger; she has a good corporate job, accountant, no, lawyer; she has dated a few men, but never settles down; family woman, but lives on her own with a dog.  I say go for it.” Sherlock concluded, proudly.
The cab had barely come to a complete stop before Sherlock madly threw open the door and ran into the warehouse, calling out to John like his life depended on it.  He could hear a faint noise coming from the back of the warehouse.  “Keep yelling John, I can hear you, I’m coming.”
As if he wasn’t frustrated enough already, in turning the key, he discovered the door was, in fact, already unlocked. As it swung open, he could see Sherlock sitting in his chair, by the fire.
“Well, you know the drill, then. If there’s someone you like the look of, point her out and I’ll work my magic.”
John walked out of his bedroom, his eyes still trying to catch up with the rest of his body.  It had been another late night, working on the case, seemingly getting nowhere.  John could see the frustration building in Sherlock, though he knew Sherlock would never admit to being stuck.  The problem was, they didn’t seem to be on the same page – John had a gut feeling about this one, but there was no evidence to back him up, so Sherlock wasn’t interested.  There had been some tension in the flat lately – maybe it was just the case, maybe it was people questioning their living arrangements – that had only added to the problem.  John stood in the hallway, blinking and shaking his head as his eyes registered a dart flying past and into the lounge room wall.  At least it wasn’t a bullet, John thought to himself.
A slight shift sideways after the tarmac post season 3 of how John and Sherlock might have interacted when the plane returned.
“No, wait, I…hello, John, John?”  Sherlock tapped on the mic, fiddling with his headphones and the various settings on his laptop, but John must have turned the earpiece
“I told you. It’s all psychology and science. Will you at least try it? Test the theory?” By this stage, Sherlock was acting like a cross between a child on Christmas Eve and a puppy going for a walk.
John Watson, a university student, dealing with amnesia after an accident, begins a new life with his girlfriend Mary at a new university. But having to work alongside an infuriating research assistant starts him on a path to find answers and will change things forever.
Meanwhile, John couldn’t help but wonder what he was doing here – at this warehouse, living with Sherlock.  “Is that all I’m good for?  Buying milk and being a sounding board?” John said out loud.  He scoffed as he put the phone back in his pocket, suddenly aware of how creepy this warehouse was now that he was on his own.
Another fantastic fic.  This fic is full of wonderful little nuances that bring the story to life.  It’s also a wonderful mix of action and angst, as she is becoming so famous for.  The way she is able to articulate how the characters are feeling makes you feel you’re feeling it too – there’s a rawness and depth to this writing that will leave you wanting more.
“You already have the equipment? Urgh, of course you do, you arrogant arse.” John moaned. “I need a drink.”
“I’m not sure how someone like you, with a distinct lack of…I mean you have no ability to…no experience in…” John fumbled over his words. “Oh, go on then,” he sighed, and got himself comfortable, gesturing for Sherlock to proceed. This’ll be good, he thought to himself.
This one comes with 2 endings – yes, you read right, 2 endings.  Chapter 4 is an alternate ending.  They are both so good, you’ll find it hard to pick which one you prefer.  In fact, the whole fic is so heartbreaking and yet so beautiful.
anniversary year of BBC Sherlock’.  It is another gorgeous pieces of writing where despite it being an AU you can totally picture it happening just as she describes.  So much so that you may find yourself getting little goosebumps and a tear or two towards the end.  You may even get to see a soft side of Mycroft.
“John asked me to give you this,” Molly had said. Even her words had a weight to them. He knew this was not going to be good.
Sherlock stared at the screen for a while, then put his phone back in his pocket and stared out the window.
Sherlock couldn’t resist. It wasn’t his fault. He had been walking by an alley and it called to him. So he put it in his coat pocket and took it home. He didn’t know how John would react. They had only been together two months now and he didn’t want to ruin things so early on, but he just couldn’t say no. He kept his hand in his pocket, holding his prize.
“Of course it is,” John said with a roll of his eyes.  “Care to explain how?”  He wasn’t even annoyed or surprised.  Sherlock often took his frustrations out on John.  He figured that’s what flatmates/partners were for.  John took it in his stride, knowing it was all part of Sherlock’s process, and probably a good sign that he trusted John and could be himself – well, more himself – around him.  Not that Sherlock was one to hold back where his opinions were concerned anyway.
This is so beautifully written, there’s just so much to say about it.  There is just enough angst without it being annoying or offensive or cliche. There's also just enough suspense between chapters to keep you wanting more, but again without being annoying. It will make you smile, it will take your breath away and it won’t take you long to get hooked.
“I’m not one of your cases you can work on, Sherlock.” John could feel himself getting frustrated again.
“The reason is pretty clear from where I’m standing Sherlock,” John said, with a mixture of disgust and fear in his voice.
“Where will you get all this…wait, Mycroft? You’ve enlisted Mycroft to help me get a date?” John was getting more and more frustrated.
Sherlock was careful never to let John see his scars from his time away until one day John comes home early unannounced...
“Sherlock, you can’t just blurt stuff out like that,” he said angrily, and probably too loudly for Sherlock at the other end.
“What, so you’ve got someone to make sure you eat?  Mrs Hudson can do that.”  John was resigned to the fact that it was over.  Whatever ‘it’ was.
Everyone rallies around Sherlock upon his return as he tries to live with the consequences of Reichenbach and leaving John behind.
He called John, but nothing.  He went downstairs to check with Mrs Hudson, where John sometimes went for a chat, but he wasn’t there.  He called Molly and Greg, but they hadn’t seen or heard from him either.
“Something just doesn’t feel right, Sherlock.  I know you believe in evidence, deductions, and all that, not my gut, but I just want to have another quick look around.  Why don’t you take the cab back to the flat and I’ll make my own way home once I’m finished here,” John said, determined to find something of use so that their trip out here wasn’t a complete waste of time.  Besides, his gut instinct wasn’t usually wrong.  It wasn’t always completely right, but he had a funny feeling about this warehouse and in his experience ‘funny feelings’ weren’t to be ignored.
This is her longest fic and is an incredible sequel.  The whole story is so beautifully intricate, with details that are both clever and meaningful. It will tug at your heart strings. It will make you cry. And then it will make you smile. Her writing allows you to picture every scene, as if you were there.
This is her first RP, but she’s so good at getting into character, that it suits her perfectly.  You will love this version of events, picturing Sherlock bumbling about.
“Well, it might not lead to anything, but isn’t it at least worth checking out?” John asked.  “Why don’t I make you some breakfast and we can head down to the warehouse together?  It shouldn’t take long.”
“Yep,” John sighed again, shaking his head, but smiling.  “Your tea and toast are on the table.”  And at that, he got up and headed for the shower.
“Yes, very trying.” Sherlock shook his head and ruffled his fingers through his hair as if to shake off the disruption. His eyes focussed back on John again (a little too intently for John’s liking). “You’ll go out to…wherever it is you go to find women, just like normal, only you’ll be wearing an earpiece and a hidden camera,” Sherlock started to explain.
John came out of the bathroom, fully dressed, but drying his hair off with a towel, to discover Sherlock also fully dressed and leaning on the back of the lounge, as if waiting to pounce.  As John kept walking down the hallway, Sherlock looked up, jumped to his feet and started heading for the door.
“John, I’m sorry, I should have stayed with you,” Sherlock said, quietly.  Apologising was not something he was used to doing.
Why didn’t he think of that? John thought to himself.  I guess he’s just flustered at being wrong about the warehouse, he tried to convince himself.
“It’s fine, Sherlock, you don’t have to try and explain.  I know things have been tense lately at the flat.  I think maybe I should move out,” John said sadly.
Both men end up in situations which lead them to a secluded German village in the mountains, escaping from the unforgiving world around them. A chance encounter brings them together, sharing a friendship and understanding neither of them have found before.
“Because you’ll have me.” Sherlock was looking very pleased with himself, but in his usual manner, had left out several key steps in his explanation. He realised this when he saw the look on John’s face. “Oh do keep up, John.”
John was sure he’d heard Sherlock correctly the first time, but maybe that’s just what he wanted to hear.  After all, minds can play tricks on us, particularly with such little sleep.  Still, he wasn’t sure.  Suddenly the door was closed, with Sherlock on the other side, and John still standing at the top of the stairs.  “You idiot,” he said quietly to himself as he ran down the stairs and out the door.
“Have a good night,” he quickly added and hurried back inside. Once inside, he found the men’s room and locked himself in a stall.
The rest of the night saw both Sherlock and John frustrated with each other. John would talk to women Sherlock said no to, but ignore the ones he said yes to. And when John did listen to Sherlock’s advice, it never seemed to lead to anything.
Sherlock had been so preoccupied with the gear, that he hadn’t seen or heard John come into the room, so the statement made him jump a little. He looked up and was momentarily lost for words. John was wearing the shirt that made his eyes pop and was slightly fitted, showing off his muscular shoulders.  He had it tucked into his dressy jeans, accentuating his slim waistline. Plus he’d shaved. Why John wasn’t successfully dating, or even married by now, Sherlock did not understand.  But it only made him more determined to succeed with his mission tonight.
John, of course, heard the comment but figured it wasn’t worth his energy and instead put on his coat and headed off down the stairs. As he got to the bottom, he called back up.
“Well, are you going to mock the idea before you’ve even heard it?” Sherlock questioned, his voice dripping with arrogance.
He raced down the stairs and out onto the street, hailing a cab as quickly as he could.  Every time he tried to call John, it just went straight to voicemail.  Thoughts were racing through his head:  What if he’s hurt? What if someone’s taken him? Why did I leave him there alone?  Sherlock was quickly becoming a hot mess.  He just needed to know John was safe, but he was equally as worried about the feelings he was feeling.  Lock that shit away, Sherlock, John needs you.  Focus.
“I wanted to see if you’d deduced anything else I might need to know before I offer her my number,” John responded.
“Maybe the problem is you’re dating girls, not women,” Sherlock snapped back, taking slight offense at the notion that being married to his work was a bad thing.
Sherlock has many secrets, like how he prefers even numbers to odd ones, or how he reheats his coffee over and over but forgets about it each time when he gets distracted by something else. Or how he really feels about John Watson. Or maybe even how he can change his shape at will.
But waking up at a crime scene with no memory of how he got there will shake John and Sherlock's new relationship to the core. A series of murders follow that will send John and Greg on a path to try and clear Sherlock's name.
She’s done an amazing job with this one! This fic grips the reader in right from the start and it’s perfectly written that after each chapter you just MUST keep reading. The angst she’s so famous for is there, plus the case is really well done.  You will find yourself holding your breath, gasping out loud and even yelling at your device - all signs of a truly great fic.
