Cas's face softens. "You can do whatever you would like to do Dean." Cas's eyes are blue and black fire again and fuck if that doesn't drive Dean almost over the edge. Dean licks his lips in anticipation and slowly stretches out his hand further.
Dean rests his head below Cas's right clavicle and settles in, still holding his useless fishing pole with both hands but letting his grip loosen so it falls forward. It's almost silent except for the occasional loon wooping in the distance. Dean lets out a contented sigh as he sinks down letting his muscles relax.
Instantly fireworks explode behind his eyes as he feels Cas’s anticipation morph into desire. They both deepen the kiss tenderly and a soft moan leaks out from Cas. Spurred on by one of the best sounds Dean has ever heard, not that he would ever admit that, he turns his whole body towards Cas’s. He reaches up and cups the back of Cas's head while running his fingers through his hair. He tightens his grip and pulls Cas in closer which draws another sweet sound from Cas’s mouth.
Dean punctuates a thrust and positions it perfectly to hit right in that little bundle of nerves inside his Angel. Cas's eyes shoot open and his head falls back as he yells out long and loud. His wings tense and every feather is on end.
Dean leans in close and places their foreheads together again. He doesn't break eye contact. “Cas…I…Th-there aren't words…” His voice breaks again and he’s certain Cas suddenly knows exactly how he feels and what he's trying to say.
Dean scoffs and, though Cas isn't sure if that is a good thing or not, Dean seems to have relaxed more and his shoulder is brushing Cas's again. Dean shrugs and scoffs again but this time it's lighter. “Huh. Go figure, so the younger one is the most mature.”
Cas opens his mouth and then closes it a few times trying to get the words out that he's finally getting brave enough to say. He's not very used to the inability to form words and it's disconcerting to say the least. He remembers Dean usually reacts well when he's honest and to the point. Though that can sometimes backfire on him. However, they seem to be in a good place, physically and conversationally speaking. Perhaps Dean will be more open to the things Cas has hidden from him. Also, Dean did mention he's open to trying something ‘weird’. Cas isn't sure what exactly falls under that category for Dean but he's more than willing to find out. He looks over through his lashes and builds up his courage. “Can I kiss you Dean?”
Dean knows this is it, he let his mouth run and now he's all in. Somehow, it doesn't seem as terrifying as it always has been. His face softens. “It's only one part of why I love you Cas.” The weight of a Winchester using those words hangs heavy in the air between them.
Cas smiles and Dean can tell he is completely blissed out. Seeing that has an unexpected effect on Dean. His competitive nature is ignited and all the anxiety melts into a smug confidence. He lowers his head and looks up at Cas like he's going to pounce. “Oh, you're in for it now Angel.” And with that, he licks from the bottom of the head of Cas's dick up to the tip. He swirls his tongue and laps at it, paying close attention to the slit, which is leaking beads of precum now.
When his brain gets back online, he wraps up Cas just as tightly and breathes in the fresh rain and ozone scent coming off of him. He can't imagine what cologne could smell this good, but he wants to bathe in it. He buries his face into Cas's soft t-shirt and keeps holding on to the solid and warm form embracing him. Only his social queues bells beginning to ring, warning him this is a much longer and more intimate hug than normal for two people who just met, makes him loosen his grip. He realizes too late that they haven't really just met, they've been talking for ages and they know they're already friends. He quickly wonders if that was an appropriate hug between friends, but he immediately forgets all that when Cas pulls back slowly and he's met with a beamingly happy expression. It's like looking into the sun with a perfect background of endless blue sky and Dean is struck dumb by the sight of it.
Dean is shaken out of a daze again by Cas's distress. “What? No Cas, it's ok, I just...I just didn't expect that.... Wait, what was the other thing you were saying? O-something?” Cas blushes and wiggles around uncomfortably. “Ozien.” Dean nods and urges Cas to continue by resuming his hand motion. Cas gasps and tries to persevere knowing Dean wants him to finish explaining. “It...it means ‘mine’.”
Cas is watching him closely as he considers his next move. When Dean notices Cas staring at him he bucks up slowly but firmly and Cas has to catch himself again, this time by grabbing the top of Dean's jeans near the button.
Six hours. Though, to be fair, it has actually been a fairly busy work day, six hours is still way too long for Dean to fail at coming up with a plan. He's got nothing. Every scenario he plays out in his head ends in disaster. If he wasn't so deep in it now he'd give up for sure. Either way, he can't keep going like this. His coworkers have to pull him from his thoughts about ten times to make sure he doesn't hurt himself or totally fuck up the car he is working on. He even has a stern talk about being a daydreaming idgit from his boss Bobby before saying he's taking his lunch hour at the end of the work day so he can get out of everyone's hair.  He is useless like this. He has to talk to this Ceceilea guy and get whatever this is out of his system.
Cas looks out to the lake watching the scenery Dean created. “Yes.” There is a long pause and Dean looks at Cas expectantly, waiting for him to continue. “Well...? Are you going to tell me?” Cas squints into the distance. “He said not to be offended if you wake up and are... uncomfortable. He wanted me to know you appreciate me even if you might not show it and that you don't intend to hurt my feelings by reacting badly to our physical.... our position on the couch.”
Cas looks up surprised but doesn't hesitate, which is good because if Dean thought about this too much he might reconsider and try to play it off as a joke. However, Cas quickly pivots towards him and moves his body behind Dean so he is now laying on Cas like a lawn chair between his legs.
Cas sighs happily and his wing moves up higher on Dean’s chest. Dean closes his eyes and starts petting Cas's feathers lightly. “I'm glad it didn't kick you out of my mind or something. Waking up wrapped in you and your wings after that is definitely something I could get used to.” Cas stiffens and tightens his grip around Dean. “Y-you would want to do this again?” Dean’s eyes are still closed and he smiles wide as he continues to stroke Cas's feathers within reach. “What, you mean right now?” It was purely a joke but the prospect of round two makes Cas twitch against Dean’s hip.
He gives Dean plenty of time to adjust, and the soft, pleased look he has as he eases deeper makes Dean go limp and useless. Cas clutches Dean's hips and pulls him in while pushing with his hips and Dean's suddenly tight as a bow as he arches his back, pushing Cas even deeper still. They're both trying to catch their breath until Cas apparently decides it's time to move. Dean reaches down to grasp anything he can and he finds strong forearms that grip him tight and pull him into each thrust. Dean's not holding back a sound as Cas rocks his entire world.
Cas bites down hard on his lip almost drawing blood and tries to make sense of Dean's words. He wants to see them? He wants to... to... touch them. Cas squeezes his thighs together at the thought as blood rushes down towards his groin, making him harder then he was before, and his length twitches up.
Dean lets out a throaty growl and pulls on Cas’s hair again. Cas releases Dean and sits back on all fours with his wings tucked behind his back. “You should never be neglected Dean.” His words are fierce and his feathers are standing on end. Dean let’s out a satisfied sigh. “I’m glad you got my back Cas.” He sinks into the bed feeling like all his bones just turned to Jell-O. “Now did you wanna try the weird thing or not?” Cas sounds calm but ready. “I want to try the weird thing.” His tone is eager but in control.
Dean feels like he's being torn in half. He gasps for air and clutches at Cas's back trying to hold on through this whirlwind of feelings that is taking him over. Tears start to well up as he thinks how little he deserves what he's experiencing. This incredible creature so willing to lay down his life for him after surviving centuries, is more than he can handle.
He makes it behind a tree and tries to catch his breath as quietly as possible, but when he turns to take off running again, he's slammed to the ground. Thick tentacles wrap tightly around him as Blue Eyes looms over him, looking him over. He can't move, he can barely squirm, and his body is taking this situation deep into inappropriate territory, because he should be panicking. After all, he just watched these very tentacles pulverize a human being to death, but those piercing blue eyes and tight strong grip are wreaking havoc on his thought process that should be saying DANGER and instead is saying FUCK ME!
The lake looks like glass, save for the tiny ripples from the fishing line breaching the water. The abandoned pole is laying next to Dean on the edge of the dock now. The light seeps through the trees in a perpetual afternoon glow making the water shimmer in the distance. The loon’s calls are infrequent and far away enough not to disturb the peacefulness.
They've been messaging pretty consistently so it's kind of a surprise when Cas doesn't reply right away. He gets a bit of panic setting in that he went too far and Cas will think he's some kind of stalker or something. Relief washes over him when he sees the three little dots followed by a reply message in all caps “YOU'RE IN PONTIAC? HOW QUICKLY CAN YOU GET HERE?”
Cas looks down trying to understand why Sam is telling him this. Dean tends to usually be uncomfortable in general, so why is Sam bringing this situation up specifically? There must be a reason. Cas looks back up and waits for Sam to elaborate.
Their surroundings start to morph into a dock by a lake, like a camera lens adjusting to a new focus. Dean smiles happily and walks to the edge of the dock where there is a fishing pole waiting for him. He turns back towards Cas, his face light and inviting. “You wanna fish with me?” Cas smiles wide as he answers. “I’d like that.”
Cas is loud again with moans, gasps, and whispers of the only words he's capable of slurring out. He's mostly saying ‘Dean’, ‘Ozien Samevelaji Coredazodizoda’, ‘Yes’, and ‘Perfect’. Dean punctuates each thrust, letting out his own grunts and groans. He runs his hands through Cas's wings, down his back, around his hips and thighs, everywhere he can reach. Suddenly he remembers hitting Cas in that perfect spot, and he sets out to do just that. He leans back and places his hand on Cas's jaw, and his side grin grows hearing Cas whimper at the loss of so much contact. He looks at Cas reassuringly and leans back more, dropping his hands to Cas's hips as he lays all the way back.
“Was that too rough?” Cas’s voice has gone soft and tired and Dean wants to burrow down into it and never come out. “Are you kidding? If that wasn't perfection, I don't know what is.” Cas tightens his exhausted grip a bit at that. “Mmm. It was wasn't it.” They bask in the glow of two people who fit perfectly together for a while before gathering their clothes from various places around the car. Dean takes a glance out the fogged up window, looking for anyone who might bust them, but no one is around. Cas chuckles at Dean's perimeter check as he's pulling on his boxers and jeans at the same time. “What? It's the middle of the day Cas, we could've been busted by anybody!” Cas only pulls his clothes up far enough to leave his still condom clad dick out while he pulls his shirt on. Dean's almost as dressed when Cas brazenly opens the door without actually covering himself.
Dean is still holding on to Cas's thighs for dear life, his eyes are wide and his mouth is gaping. He loosens his grip and falls back against the pillows still wonderstruck. It takes a long time for either of them to say anything. Finally, Dean reaches up his hand slowly. "Ca-Can I touch them?" He curses himself for stuttering. But still looks imploringly at Cas.
The small grin on the Ceceilea's face grows throughout Dean's rant. He looks down rather smugly and says nonchalantly, "You wouldn't believe me if I told you."
Cas looks at Dean and frowns. “I think your definition of weird differs from mine.” Dean’s lips curve up slowly. “Ok... do you want to try something that would be weird for me?” Cas replies immediately looking completely confident and determined. “Yes.”
Dean takes a deep breath, which is more of an exasperated sigh, and he gives in. “Yeah Cas, I'm way more comfortable with you ok? Are ya happy?” Cas smiles confidently. “Yes.” Dean can't help but look back and be reminded of Cas’s reaction to burgers when Famine caused him to have an uncontrollable craving for them.
Dean tries to crane his neck to look at Cas with wide eyes. “Wait so, what happened to you while I was out?” Cas exhales slowly and starts tracing patterns into Dean’s skin again. “Your subconscious was still functional but it lacked the cognitive power to maintain much detail to this dream. Things got a bit nebulous….” Dean scrunches up his face. “It got… nebulous?”
Dean mounts Cas and marvels at Cas's wings spread out against the bed. He’s suddenly struck with a fiery lust. He growls ferociously and attacks Cas's neck with his mouth and passes his tongue over Cas's favorite spots there, which he's purposefully committed to memory now.
Cas looks down at Dean’s face, expecting him to open his eyes. He notices worry lines starting to form on Dean's forehead, at least, Cas thinks they're worry lines. He finds himself wondering why he didn't pay more attention to human interaction through the ages. He could've been an expert by now and would be able to comprehend Sam and Dean’s actions instead of so many things escaping his understanding.
Dean bites his lip trying to get used to the slow, steady build. But without all the frenzy and desperate passion, he's starting to feel unfamiliar emotions emerging. He realizes he's never felt like this before with anyone. This tenderness and…. Love. Shit, it can't be anything else.
Dean is stunned. “You-you've heard me thinking about stuff like that before? Why wouldn't you say anything?” Cas gives Dean an incredulous look. “Humans are incredibly complicated. I'm almost never certain I'm doing the right thing when I take any action. Though, by experience, I have come to learn communication yields much greater benefits, there was never a sufficient opportunity to broach the subject.”
Dean's jaw drops open at what just came out of Cas's mouth and then his brain processes the words fully and he feels the blood rush from his own face, turning him pale. Dean is really not ready to have Cas know any of that. He gulps as he repeats Cas's response in his mind again, then mentally kicks himself for mentally admitting that Cas is making some pretty good points. He takes a few breaths and feels a little defeated now. “Cas, it's like a reflex. I have bad thoughts and I push them away. It's just how it is.”
Cas jumps at Dean saying his full name. His eyes go wide and he mewls, trying to pull himself back together. Dean apparently notices the change. “Oh, you like it when I say your name?” Cas nods vigorously.
This statement rings in Cas's ears. Dean is so adamant and sure of it that Cas’s mind goes blank on how to respond. The Winchesters barely trust each other, and after everything that's happened between them, it's incredible that Dean can say that with such conviction.
At first, Dean has a terrified look on his face from the quick movement Cas startles him with. After a moment, he relaxes and his eyes soften into a half hooded daze that matches Cas’s. His muscles relax and a smile plays on his lips.
Days later, try as he might, Dean can't get the guy out of his head. As stupid as he feels for admitting it to himself, he'd had an instant connection with him. He tried to convince himself it was just attraction, but he's been hot for plenty of people and always has been able to move on easily. Anyone else with that short of an interaction with Dean wouldn't even be a blip on the radar. No, this is different. Dean knows he's screwed and he has no idea what to do about it.
The timber of his voice when speaking English is so much lower and sexier than Dean was expecting and he barely registers what the words mean, let alone put together a response. “I have to go.”
Dean can't help but scoff before he blurts out, "Fuck yeah I'm impressed! The fucking leader of the human supremacist group, the guy who orchestrated mass genocide on an entire species, hell, on multiple species, the guy that kept slavery alive in like 5 countries, the guy that lead riots that killed and injured Halflings and humans alike, is in your fucking kitchen! How in the hell did you possibly get him here?"
Dean breaths out evenly. “That was…” Cas’s vision goes blurry again as he opens his eyes. “Intense.” Cas offers. Dean seems satisfied with that word and leans in for another kiss. Just as he's about to reach Cas's lips again Cas looks down and whispers Dean’s name.
Empty handed of any actual groceries yet, because he's scoping out the isles and trying to decide if he needs a full push basket or just a handheld one, Dean starts skimming through the articles Sam provided to back up his facts. He's actually included a sources cited page and it only cements the fact that Sam is the biggest nerd Dean has ever met. Dean turns a corner and BAM! He slams right into a big mess of colorful tentacles.
He's stunned with desire as the last tips of suckers detach from his skin and he hears the low rumble of the Ceceilea's voice say "Castiel."
Dean soon realizes Cas isn't going to close the gap. He's hovering an inch away with soft but fiery blue eyes. Cas is literally asking Dean’s physical permission to kiss him by letting him take the action. The considerate winged bastard.
As they finally park, Sam sees the muscles in Dean’s back loosen as he slumps down into his seat. Dean lets out a long breath, which should relax him more than it actually does. “Fuck, we made it Sammy.” Sam gives Dean a sympathetic look and puts a consoling hand on his shoulder. “I’ll bring in the bags.”
Dean revels in how bewildered Cas looks above him. "Trenchcoat off." His tone is slightly demanding but in an instructional way. He peels the collar back and Cas helps him pull it off with shaky fingers. They both toss the heap of fabric above them and Dean starts pulling off Cas's suit jacket. "I forget how many layers you wear man." His eyes go lazy when Cas is only in his white dress shirt and crooked tie. That's coming off last, he decides, or maybe he'll leave the tie on.
“Yes,” Cas agrees, “you are.” Dean hides his face against Cas’s stomach, disguises it by mouthing at the skin there, and Cas lets him, threading fingers through Dean’s hair.
Some of the lights changed colour to a vibrant pink, and Dean couldn't help but let out an appreciative whistle.
Despite Cas’s love for putting Dean in subspace, he always understands when Dean just needs to be there in the moment; to be present. "Stay with me. Tell me how this feels, Dean."
. What she says instead is, "Being told what to do. Being praised," which isn’t much better, but he can’t dispute it.
He does regret it, slightly, when Sam asks him about it like Dean knew he would. The worst thing is, it’s not teasing. There’s no knowing smirk. Just an earnest question and a patient, open expression while Sam waits for Dean to reveal… whatever. His sexual orientation, maybe, which – if Dean could, he fucking would, but he can't make sense of anything right now. Instead, he draws out a chair for himself and waits for Sam to do the same, and then he tells Sam about what he and Cas have been doing.
"I can't tell you," Dean laughed. "I told you, it's a surprise. Now come on, let's get up and have some breakfast before we go."
“Then… why? Do you not love me anymore?”
Dean swallows. “In whatever way you want.”
Dean’s words seem to give Cas pause, and he looks thoughtful before he asks, “What about… intimacy? Will that develop too?”
Cas’s chest heaved, as if he had forgotten to breathe for a moment – which he may well have, considering he hadn’t needed to for most of his life – and then he glanced across the room and let out a startled laugh. “Um. Dean, I think we have an audience.”
“Do it,” Cas says. He wants to see it, wants to hear the sounds Dean makes when he comes.
It first happens, like so many things do, in Vegas.
Finally, Cas and Eileen came into the living room again, kids in tow, and then the kids ran in front of them again.
Cas turned to him, and even though it was too dark to see Cas's face properly, Dean could clearly imagine the questioning look that must be on it.
“I, uh.” Dean scratches his neck. “Just give me a few minutes to brush my teeth and… stuff.”
anyway; he never is with Cas. There’s just the usual edge of nerves that he feels whenever they’re going to try something new – the anticipation of a new and different kind of pain that he doesn’t know how he’ll react to. So far, they haven’t tried a single thing he’s absolutely hated; sure, he likes certain things better than others, but Cas never pushes past what Dean is comfortable with. The bond between them helps, tuning Cas in to any genuine dislike Dean has for anything they do, and so Dean doesn’t worry now. If he doesn’t like the first needle, there won’t be a second.
"Whatever," he grumbles, knowing Cas can see right through his gruffness. "Let's get these needles out of me."
Dean feels like he can’t breathe until Cas looks away again.
He had to remove his hand from Cas's in order to find the movie and start streaming it, but Cas's hand remained where it was, and he casually half-covered it again with his own when he put it back down on his thigh, as if he just happened to place it on top of Cas's without meaning to. He was too aware of their hands to relax at first while they watched – of the feeling of Cas's hand beneath his own – but then he got too caught up in the movie to care that it was unusual for them to touch like this; to worry about it when, for each time they stretched to eat popcorn or peanuts or chocolate, they ended up a tiny bit closer to each other.
Dean found Sam in the library, where he was probably trying to find a way to break the spell. He looked up from the book he was reading. “Oh, hey, Cas. You, uh…” He scented the air almost imperceptibly, but Dean could see the flaring of his nostrils. “…feeling better?”
There was a reason Dean never went on hunts during his heat. Well, no. There were two reasons: the first one was that – obviously – he wouldn’t be able to do his job properly. The other one was that he’d never wanted Sam or Cas to witness what a heat did to him, and not only was Cas experiencing it for himself now, but Sam was probably going to get more insight about what it did to Dean’s body than Dean had ever wanted his little brother to know. He always made sure to stay in his room – or at least
“Unless we… what, Dean?”
Cas's pupils are dilated, Dean notices when he stands back up, and he gets lost in them for a moment. He’s been close to Cas before (after all, the guy used to have difficulties with the concept of personal space), but never like this. Never quite so close, quite so undressed, with Cas looking at him quite like this.
Dean had suggested that Sam and Eileen go out on a date night while he and Cas watched the kids, and Cas had agreed readily, more than happy to look after the children and allow Eileen and Sam some time to themselves.
now, what Cas is asking him. There’s only one answer he can give to that, and it bursts out of him unbidden as his hand buries itself in Cas’s coat, shopping bags dangling between them.
and he pulls him back up.
Judging by the way Cas was keening and bucking beneath him, he was enjoying himself just as much as Dean was, meeting Dean’s thrusts and pulling him even closer as Dean’s knot began to swell, making sure it couldn’t pop out before it had reached full size. Dean was on the same page, making sure not to pull out too far; instead, he drove himself further into Cas until he was all the way inside, pubic bone pressed firmly against his ass as he fucked into him.
Dean freezes, eyes wide. “The hell? No, he can’t.”
“And then?” Cas interrupts. “After you kiss me, what do you want to do then?”
Cas nodded, but didn’t take his eyes off the guests. “They all seem so… joyous. I’m happy for them.”
“Stay quiet and let me hold you, and I will allow you to use your mouth on me tomorrow,” Cas says, and although Dean’s first instinct is to argue further, the urge to do as Cas says is stronger. He shuts his mouth and snuggles closer to Cas and finds that pleasing him through obedience is rewarding on its own, flushing with pleasure and embarrassment when Cas places a kiss on the side of his head and tells him how good he’s being.
Cas waits for the jealousy to take hold, prepared to push it down, but it doesn’t come. Maybe it’s partly because Dean’s still pleasuring him, but he doesn’t feel anything but arousal, watching Dean and Benny make out.
Dean’s heart felt like it grew ten sizes then and there, and it beat a joyful tattoo against his ribs. Hands shaking, he somehow managed to place the ring on Cas’s finger, to the sound of cheering and applause from everyone present. Then, “What’d I miss?” from Ash, which set off a new round of laughter – and when it died down, Dean finally got his New Year’s kiss, full of promise for the future. A future together with Cas, which was the best possible way he could start the new decade. He couldn’t wait to see what the rest of it – and several more – would have in store for them.
He asks if Cas would mind sharing the shower room.
Maybe he lost himself a bit in thought, staring at Cas's hands, because Cas met his eyes with a warm, amused smile as if he could tell that Dean wasn't following what they were talking about anymore. He probably could.
Cas’s eyes flick down as if on impulse before he catches himself and meets Dean’s gaze again. For a moment, Dean thinks Cas is going to kiss him again, but of course, that happens to be the exact moment Sam chooses to return from the bathroom, completely oblivious to what’s going on and starting to talk about the lack of toilet paper in most of the stalls. It breaks up the moment, but when Dean later hooks a finger around one of Cas’s underneath the table, he sees Cas’s lips curl up into a smile, and for the first time in what seems like forever, Dean actually finds himself looking forward to the future.
The movements draw Dean’s attention back to the needles again, making themselves known. Now that he has come and his arousal has passed, they don’t feel as good anymore; it feels weird, now, knowing that he has 24 needles stuck inside his skin, and he begins itching to get them out – but more than that, he wants Cas to reach his own orgasm.
“Sam,” Cas’s husband says to a tall man waiting outside, and Cas makes a note of the man’s name. “We’re going home.”
was into dudes. A whole lifetime of keeping it to himself, and a few innocent questions from the kids was all it took to get him to reveal it.
Cas hums close to Dean’s ear, and Dean hates that he can’t tell what he’s thinking.
Cas can’t help it; before he even realises what is happening, he’s released a burst of Grace – and then all at once he’s coming while Dean moans anew, and Benny groans, thrusting a couple more times before he collapses on top of them.
"Would be grey, yes."
"Of course we will, pumpkin," Dean said.
Cas shakes his head, looking resigned. “You love me as a friend, Dean. That’s not what relationships are built on.”
“Will you stay?” he asks, after, when they’re lying on each their side of the bed, not looking at each other. He knows Cas knows the significance of the question, and Dean feels flayed, turned inside-out, vulnerable in a way he’s never let himself be before.
Cas frowns; he doesn’t see what’s funny about it. “I don’t understand.”
It's only when he's washed every last black smudge off his skin and Cas has stopped looking that Dean dares look back, sees the spot of black that remains on the side of Cas's neck. "Hey. You've got some more Empty on you."
"You said you'd consider any offer?" Dean asked.
Suddenly, Cas does something that has Matthew calling out and reaching out with a hand to steady himself. On Dean’s shoulder. It remains there, squeezing, as Matthew moans again, and Dean… well, he’s in on this, isn’t he? It would be rude to ask him to remove his hand.
Dean shrugged, but didn't dislodge Sam's arms. "I couldn't do that to them."
"Do you admit defeat?" Cas's eyes were filled with childlike glee, and although Dean gave it one more futile attempt, he didn't have it in him to be annoyed with him.
Sam stared for a little while longer, and then he gave an ugly snort as he burst into laughter. "Yeah, I get the picture. No details needed. Come on, guys," he said, beginning to herd the kids out of the room. "Let's give Uncle Dean and Uncle Cas some privacy."
Having his kinks laid out like that in front of Cas is embarrassing, so Dean focuses on finishing his task instead of answering. He certainly doesn’t look at Cas to find out what he may be thinking right now.
"But… I'm okay with just straightening them out and… leaving it like this. I mean, if you're okay with it." Dean's ears felt hot, and he looked at the bed rather than Cas.
Bobby nodded. "Yeah. And Miss Larsen says it's okay for two boys or two girls to fall in love."
Dean laughed, delighted as always at the way Cas engaged in banter with him, and he wondered if Cas could tell just how smitten he was. "No way, dude. You're a dirty cheater."
Dean would have taken the opportunity to stay in bed longer if it wasn't for his bladder protesting, and he regretfully moved his hand away from Cas, careful not to wake him. Maybe he could come back to bed again afterwards, if Cas wasn't up by then.
Dean did not shriek – he never shrieked, thank you very much – when a handful of snow was thrust underneath his clothes with enough force that it went all the way up to his chest.
Cas's eyes crinkled at the corners. "Do we, now?"
Cas chuckled softly. "Some of us wanted to make the Earth colourful for humans. I created green."
“Fuck, Cas. ‘M close.”
Dean scans the room for opportunities for himself; he’s not going to go up to anyone until he knows that Cas won’t scare the woman away by saying something too strange, but it doesn’t hurt to be prepared for when – as begins to seem more and more likely – Cas leaves with her.
“How?”
Dean’s tongue feels like velvet, soft and giving as Cas pushes in to taste more of him. He doesn’t want to stop, groans in frustration when Dean pushes him away, but then it’s okay because Dean’s telling him to lose the clothes, which he does with a thought.
Sam and Eileen were tactful enough not to ask what they'd done last night, but Dean still stuttered out a thank you for having given them a night to themselves. His blush probably told them everything they needed to know, and even if it didn't, Cas's hand casually patting his ass as he walked past Dean to get coffee certainly did. Sam laughed, apparently delighted at this new development in Dean's sex life – or more likely, Dean supposed, his love life, and despite his embarrassment, it warmed him to know that he and Cas had nothing but full support from Sam. And his entire family, as they had proved to him multiple times by now.
"Something wrong?"
“Yeah. So don’t go leaving me again.” Once again, Cas doesn’t answer.
Cas smiled and looked almost proud of Dean. For resisting the urge to deny it, no doubt. The unbidden thought that Cas might have personal reasons for wanting Dean to be comfortable regarding his sexuality made its way into Dean's mind, but he ignored it. He didn't know that. He was probably just imagining that the things Cas did and said might have some kind of hidden meaning now that he knew about
, who knew him like no one else did except Sam – who had seen every childish and asinine side of him, and was still apparently attracted to him somehow.
Cas's eyes went wide, and then he was looking – briefly – at the parts of the house that were visible from where they were standing, before his eyes met Dean's again. Maybe he hadn't realised that Dean had been serious about wanting to retire, or maybe he wasn't expecting this so soon, because he seemed unable to form a response, just staring until Dean started to get nervous for real.
Dean nods. It’s not like he’s truly
"I thought I heard Sam and Eileen return," Cas said in explanation for why he was standing at the window. "But it was just a different car passing by."
"Uncle Dean, look! Look what we bought!"
When he came back, Cas was standing in front of one of the two large living room windows, so Dean guessed they weren't going to watch the rest of the movie. He came up to stand beside Cas, leaving some room between them, but not much. Not as much as he might have a few days ago, before the possibility of something more had been planted in Dean's head by the children. Before the possibility of Cas having feelings for him had even seemed like a possibility at all. Maybe Dean was getting his hopes up, but it was beginning to seem more and more likely – but it was hard to know if it was just Dean's imagination, attributing Cas's words and actions with meaning that wasn't there.
"Night, sweetie." Sam and Eileen were putting the kids to bed, and Dean and Cas were waiting in the doorway for their turn to say good night to the kids. "Night, kiddo. You guys be good for Uncle Dean and Uncle Cas now, okay?"
Someone cleared their throat, and then Sam appeared in the hallway closely followed by Eileen, both of them looking delighted to see Dean and Cas again.
Everyone around him seemed to be having a great time, cheering and dancing with their friends, singing along to the music from the nearest float and waving their flags and banners high in the air. Cas had thought that maybe he, too, would get into the spirit of things, the way everyone seemed to during Pride, but it turned out it was possible to feel lonely even in the midst of a parade full of happy, exuberant people. He looked at the nearest banner, proclaiming that “LOVE IS LOVE”, reminding him that what most of the other people were celebrating was
As it turned out, the kids didn't give up on their plan to get Dean and Cas together.
Cas’s words cause Dean to suck in a slow breath and meet his eyes again, more serious now that he’s realised Cas wasn’t exactly joking. Slowly, his eyes become alight with a quiet kind of wonder. “I didn’t say that.”
Dean isn’t sure he can look away, too stupefied by the sight of Cas –
"Come on," Cas said when they broke apart. "Let's go get the others and show them our new home."
When Dean finally sinks down on his cock, Cas can’t help but buck up into him, unable to control his body, unable to rein in his arousal. It shouldn’t be possible for him to lose control like this, but then Dean has always been the exception to everything Cas has thought to be true. Dean meets his thrusts eagerly, but at a touch of Benny’s hand to his shoulder, pushing him down to lie on top of Cas, he stills – waiting for Benny to fill him up as well.
they would be, yet for some stupid reason he'd never felt like he could tell them due to his own damn insecurities.
“Don’t be.” Cas took his hand and laced their fingers together. “I’ve wanted to be intimate with you for a long time. I don’t care what form it takes. Although… I must admit I’m looking forward to trying it again, the other way around.” His smile was mostly playful, but just hungry enough that Dean could feel himself start leaking again; they hadn’t quite managed to get the heat out of his body’s system just yet.
He didn’t know how long he’d been in there when the door opened and Sam entered. No sign of Cas, thankfully, although the scent of him lingered around Sam.
Their home is big. They live there, all three of them, and Cas briefly considers the possibility that Sam might be a third romantic partner in their relationship, but that doesn’t feel right; he doesn’t feel the same way when he looks at Sam as when he looks at Dean. He’d rather not ask, but every interaction he observes between the two seems to indicate that he’s right.
"I wasn't surprised," Cas said. "You're good with them, Dean. You let yourself be the role model you should have had as a child. You're honest with them, and you show them love." Dean blushed, but Cas continued. "They adore you. Because you're a good person, Dean."
Dean didn’t really notice driving to the hotel; he did it as if on auto-pilot.
Dean doesn’t know if he’s going to regret this later; if he has just let himself get caught up in the sight and sounds of sex and in his own arousal. Right now, he doesn’t care. Doesn’t care that the person giving him a blowjob is a dude; doesn’t care that it turns him on even more when Cas looks on with a dark, lustful gaze. Doesn’t care that he ends up spilling in a man’s mouth or that he slides out from underneath the guy to give him a hand while Cas fucks him until they all collapse in a sated pile.
Dean would have sputtered at the word "bad" if it wasn't for the fact that Cas continued: "Besides, you only watch it because you have a crush on Dr. Sexy."
This time, it was Cas who blushed. "I… have a situation. A 'boner', I believe you would say."
And now here he was, an angel lying only a few feet away from him snuggled up under his own blankets, quietly watching Dean get into bed. Years ago, Dean would have told him it was creepy, but it was a long time since Cas's presence and gaze had ever brought anything but comfort. He could hardly complain when he couldn't help but meet Cas's gaze with his own and hold it in a silent exchange.
The two kids ran off eagerly, and Dean couldn't help but wonder what answer Cas would give them.
Just when Sam has left Dean sweating long enough that his t-shirt has begun to turn damp, he decides to speak.
Cas's gaze trailed down Dean's chest, down to the towel, but there was still understanding rather than heat in his voice when he spoke. "I'll leave that up to you, Dean. It would make me very happy to bring you pleasure once I've showered, but only if you want to."
Wanted to say
Dean wanted to say it was pity he felt for Cas – since he knew how much it sucked going through a heat without getting any relief – but ‘pity’ didn’t feel like the right word to describe what he was feeling as he thought about Cas suffering through his body’s urges during his first ever heat. Pity had never been as distracting as Dean’s current thoughts were.
"In a minute,” Cas answered distractedly. “Have you seen my flag anywhere?” It had been on the living room table the last time he’d seen it – or so he thought – but now there was no sign of it anywhere in the living room at all.
“Oh, yeah, yeah.” It’s a lie. Dean isn’t all right at all. “Just, uh. Thinking.”
He couldn't get mad at the children, and their infectious enthusiasm even had him smiling, but he still narrowed his eyes suspiciously at Sam. "Was this your idea?"
Standing there with Cas's arms around him, Dean felt silly about the fact that he'd never told any of them about it before, because they were nothing if not supportive. Dean had
“Who said I don’t?” Dean interrupts, needing Cas to know if he doesn’t already. “With all we’ve been through together, everything we’ve done for each other… Of course I do.”
“Sometimes, yeah.” It feels like they’re negotiating what they’ll be doing, except Dean’s the only one who’s saying what he wants. He tries not to get his hopes up; Cas hasn’t actually agreed to any of this.
The owner of the house looked nervous when they came back out.
"Who would I tell? Everyone knows, Dean. You're not as good at hiding it as you think you are." Cas looked as playful as he only ever did here, and Dean felt a sudden warmth suffusing his core, threatening to spill over into a smile of his own.
"But?" Cas's expression was curious, open. He didn't seem like he minded that there was a "but".
Cas smiled gently at Dean after the hug, and they looked at each other maybe a moment too long, because that was the moment the kids went crazy again about the fact that Dean and Cas both liked men, urging them to kiss because there was
Dean doesn’t know how to begin to unpack everything that’s happened, how to begin the conversation that needs to happen. He only knows that Cas never heard the prayer where he said the words back, and maybe that’s the reason his mouth takes over and makes the decision for him.
Dean’s breath leaves him all at once, shakily. From the sound of it, he’s going to be allowed to, and he’s suddenly even more acutely aware of how close Cas is. “Then I, uh.” He wants to look away, but Cas’s hand won’t let him, and his eyes flutter nearly closed as he answers. “I want to make you feel good.”
Cas doesn’t answer. Unbidden, tears spring to Dean’s eyes and overflow when he blinks, running down into his hair on each side. But Cas still isn’t leaving, and Dean holds out hope that the answer, when Cas decides, will be yes.
useful.” Dean’s tired. Physically tired, mentally tired. Tired of going a year without knowing if he would ever see the angel alive again, tired of Purgatory, tired of Cas thinking he’s nothing but a tool to Dean. Tired of holding back. “That’s not why I’ve needed you, Cas. It’s not why I need you now.”
“Yes,” he says.
At night, in the hotels—actual hotels for once, and relatively nice ones at that—Cas was as affectionate as always. Maybe even more, snuggling up to Dean in bed and holding him, when he’d usually be reading a book.
"Dean…" Cas said when Dean didn't lead him further into the house or tell him where to go. "Why are we here? What is it you want to show me?"
“Good boy,” Cas praises once the needle is capped with a cork, voice soft and affectionate as he finally touches Dean’s dick with a gloved hand, giving it a few pumps. Dean is almost painfully hard already, and the attention makes his breath quicken. “You did so well. How do you feel? Do you need anything?”
He has to hand it to his little brother; Sam doesn’t even once wrinkle his nose in disgust or look outraged at any of the things Dean says. Granted, he doesn’t go into detail about the explicit stuff, but Sam is a smart boy; he can piece things together. What Dean
Dean can tell that Cas's dick is straining against the confines of his underwear. It looks uncomfortable, and he wishes Cas would just touch himself.
“Dude.” Sam spread his arms in a ‘What the fuck?’ gesture. “Why are you hiding in here? You need to go talk to Cas, help him cope with this. He’s not doing too good, Dean. You should have heard the noises coming from him in the car.”
Sam wrinkled his nose. “That's… gross, Dean. And of course I’m fine with being around him. You know he just smells like you, right? That’s
Dean walks in on Sam with women sometimes, and although he always closes the door again quickly, he sees enough to notice that Sam is rougher with girls. There are glimpses of Sam pushing them against walls and fucking them hard and fast; glimpses of Sam biting down on soft flesh accompanied by the sound of soft, feminine cries. Dean doesn’t get the appeal, and wonders if something’s wrong with him.
“Finding someone else? Dean, I…” Cas interrupted himself and pulled his phone out of his pocket, then strode over to Dean. “Look at my photos,” he implored. “Please.”
The “always” takes Dean’s breath away, proof that Cas isn’t just thinking of what might happen here and now, but of the future as well.
Dean scratches the back of his neck. “This is going to sound crazy. But, uh. Basically, magic is real. Your memory loss was caused by a spell, and Sam’s talking to a friend of ours who might be able to help us reverse it.” Cas must take too long to answer, because Dean finally says, “Told you it would sound crazy.”
That wonder is joined by humor while Dean watches, and a smile spreads Cas’s lips. “An eternity with you, Dean?” His shoulders lift in an exaggerated shrug. “Well, I don’t know…”
Dean woke up before Cas, as usual; the angel didn't need as much sleep as Dean did, but he usually stayed awake long after Dean, and then he woke up later.
“I want to kiss you.” Cas doesn’t say anything, and Dean panics, wondering if maybe Cas wasn’t anticipating this when he said Dean could ask for anything. “Shit.” He blinks away sudden wetness in his eyes, and where did that come from? “Sorry. I’m not expecting you to – it’s just, you asked, and—”
, it seems he’s gotten the wrong message about what exactly it is they're doing here, because his eyes travel down to Dean’s lips while his hand slides up to cup Dean’s jaw and Dean really needs to decide what to do soon because he’s coming closer and – and – and his lips are soft on Dean’s, drawing out a quiet moan from him as he finds himself automatically returning it.
Dean shifted his weight. He didn’t know where to take the conversation from here, now that it had turned to his romantic qualities; this should be the perfect opportunity to broach a certain subject with Cas, but moving on from Claire and Kaia to him and Cas was harder than it should be. He shifted his weight once more, and when his side brushed against Cas this time, he didn’t pull away – and neither did Cas. Their fingers twitched against each other, both of them pretending it wasn’t happening, and Dean glanced surreptitiously above them, hoping maybe they happened to be standing underneath a sprig of mistletoe. No such luck, of course.
Dean blinked slowly, trying to keep his face from showing his reaction to that. "Uh. You know that that's a chick flick, right? Y'know, a romantic comedy?"
Dean flushed with warmth, both at the kiss and Cas's words. Cas had never had trouble sleeping after Dean had left the room before. The fact that he did so now had Dean's heart beating faster, but he was too aware of Eileen's gaze on them and her grin to manage a reply.
They'd rolled closer to each other sometime during the night, and one of Dean's hands was resting on Cas's side, just above his hip. Cas was turned toward him, and he could feel soft puffs of breath on his skin. He'd seen Cas sleep before, but seeing him up close like this was different. He looked so human. But more importantly, he looked… peaceful.
“Of course. Whatever you want,” Dean promised like the sap Cas had turned him into, too taken with the way the fire made Cas’s eyes glitter to do anything but agree. “Your family would be welcome too if they wanted to come next year. And, y'know, every year after that.”
Cas shakes his head. “You don’t, Dean. I’m not useful to you anymore; I’m a liability.”
“Well, well,” she smiles, “am I the one who gets to watch a show instead?”
"Hey. Cas." Dean put a hand on the back of Cas's neck, playing gently with the short hairs there. He didn't usually wake Cas up when they weren't on a case, but he was excited – and a tiny bit nervous – for today, and he'd been listening to the sounds of Sam and Eileen puttering about the house for the better part of an hour already, waiting for Cas to wake up on his own.
“Probably more normal than you’d think,” Dean shrugs – which is likely true, but he also just... can’t have Cas thinking what they did was anything out of the ordinary. In fact, he needs Cas to believe that it’s something just about anyone might do. That what they did was okay, normal – or maybe Dean just needs to convince himself of that. “Most people have a few kinks they enjoy, whether that involves watching or being watched or blindfolds or spanking or… whatever.”
"Yeah, well." Dean gave Cas what he liked to think was a winning smile. "I'd like me better than hot chocolate, too."
With a glance at Dean’s crotch, Cas seems satisfied that Dean’s ready, and he pinches Dean’s skin with his the thumb and index finger on his left hand while he brings the needle up to Dean's skin with his right hand. He starts at the top, right beneath the clavicle, where it's too close for Dean to see properly. There's a sharp sensation, and before Dean knows it, the needle has gone all the way through from one of the blue dots Cas drew to another. It stings, but in the best way possible, and it creates a heat underneath his skin that travels down his body, a zing of pleasure that makes his dick jump. Somehow, there’s no blood at all.
"We should get up."
is on his lips when he catches sight of Cas’s gummy smile, the crinkled corners of his eyes.
"I'm fine. I saw a fireplace downstairs, go look for iron!"
The coffee stopped dripping into the pot, and Dean poured them a mug of coffee each, trying to ignore Eileen's knowing gaze on him.
Dean hangs onto the words; lets them pull him back from the edge. "Yes," he breathes desperately, letting his eyes flutter open again. Yes, he does. He knows it won’t happen if he goes under; they’ve discovered that neither he nor Cas enjoy sex when he’s out of it. Cas doesn’t have a preference between sending Dean into subspace and having sex; he likes both equally, and truth be told, so does Dean, but right now he really wants to feel Cas inside of him.
Dean and Bobby were on one team, hiding inside their fort from the onslaught of snowballs that Cas and Charlie had spent the first five minutes making inside their own fort. Cas's aim was remarkably (but not surprisingly) accurate, with both hands, and of course he was aiming mostly for Dean. It was only at Charlie's shouted "Cowards!" that Dean finally abandoned his tactic of waiting out their supply of ready-made snowballs and looked above the edge of the fort again to aim one at Cas, but he was the one who got hit right in his face instead.
Even the beer – which, let’s face it, tasted pretty much like lukewarm piss in the first place – is getting too bitter to swallow. And always, in the back of his mind, is the knowledge that Cas is here. In Heaven – somewhere. Bobby never told him how to find him and Cas hasn’t shown up in the shotgun seat like Dean halfway expected him to, and… goddamn, but he misses him. Thinking about him and the way they parted makes Dean heart clench.
Cas lay down on his stomach again, placing a pillow underneath his hips so his ass was sticking out, nicely presented for Dean. It was obvious how much slick he’d been leaking; large parts of his buttocks and his inner thighs were glistening. “No teasing. No fingers. Just fuck me, Dean.”
As always, Dean didn’t look—except out of the corner of his eye—when he noticed Cas doing it again in the passenger seat: turning away from Dean, as if that somehow could prevent Dean from seeing that he was snapping a selfie before sitting down and fiddling with his phone—sending the picture to someone?—and smiling to himself. Even without looking directly at him, Dean could tell it was the kind of smile that Dean had previously been the only one to put on Cas’s face.
He seems to have plateaued just before the point of no return, and it’s maddening, being so close to orgasm yet finding it just out of reach.
“But you love me anyway,” Dean replied with an easy smile on his face as he gave Cas a hand, pulling him to his feet and into a kiss.
“You enjoy the needles,” Cas observes. “A lot. Do you think you can reach orgasm without a hand on you?”
thing, so Dean shuts up and follows. He asked for guidance, and chances are that’s exactly what he’s being offered.
Dean lifted his head and blinked his eyes open, sleepily, and saw Cas beneath him. It took him a moment to remember what had happened, and then yet another moment to register that… this was
(if there could even be such a thing as a "straight" angel, considering their lack of gender) – that Dean once again realised he'd been stupid for thinking he couldn't tell him.
Cas can’t help the immediate, consuming hurt he feels, rooting him to the spot. He should leave before they notice that he’s there, but he’s helpless to do anything but watch what’s happening on the bed in front of him. He can’t look away from the sight of the two naked bodies, Dean lying on his back, keening and digging his heels into the mattress, hips stuttering into Benny’s grip on his erection.
Bobby released his hold on the present in his hands to sign. "Can we open the presents now? Pretty please?" The kids got the go-ahead, and then they were tearing off paper left and right as they opened their presents.
"Hey, uh," Dean said into the darkness of the room once they were in bed (
It can’t be. Castiel knows how he feels, knows there’s an unbreakable bond between them. If they’re not married, then there still has to be
Something soft hit his head suddenly, and he looked down as it fell to the floor. “What the…?” He felt his cheeks heat up when he saw what it was, and looked around to see who could have thrown it. He caught sight of red hair whirling around as its owner turned quickly away from them, and Dean didn’t know whether he should be thankful or mortified.
Dean is looking at the road, but he can still feel Cas’s pondering stare. “It wasn’t just normal sex, though.”
"Cool." Dean nods, once. "You go ahead, I'll go get a towel."
“No.” Dean steps back immediately, his face on fire. “I was just –”
“Very little,” Cas admits with regret; he wishes he could remember their life together, but since he can’t, he’ll have to make do with creating new memories. “I don’t remember anything from before today. But I can feel the love we have for each other,” he hastens to reassure Dean. “It seems my heart remembers you, even while my brain doesn’t.”
"Dean," Cas interrupts with a smile on his face that says he thinks Dean is an idiot, but an adorable idiot, at least. "Shut up and kiss me." And yeah, Dean does enjoy following orders, so maybe it makes him a little weak in the knees when he complies. Or maybe that's just because he's
He watches while the bevel of another needle enters his skin, flesh giving way like butter as the needle slides smoothly through it and out the other side. Cas tugs the plastic hub downward, giving the needle an experimental twist, and an involuntary moan tears out of Dean's throat. He's getting more sensitive the closer Cas gets to his nipple, and the twist of the needle stings in a way that makes the edges of his consciousness start to go fuzzy
“Okay,” Dean said slowly, as if he was trying to make sense of it all in his head. Cas couldn’t blame him; he’d spent years on trying to make sense of it himself, so it was only natural that Dean would need a moment to piece it together. He surprised Cas, however, by continuing after just a moment, “And, um. If I asked you to go out on a date with me…”
Dean felt breathless. That was one hell of a declaration. "Shit, Cas." His eyes felt moist at the corners, but he wasn't gonna wipe at them and give himself away. He wanted to say something back of the same magnitude, but he couldn't without saying things he wasn't quite ready to say yet. Instead, he simply stayed quiet, letting Cas hold onto his arm, and it seemed good enough for Cas, having removed Dean's insecurities about being lesser than him.
It’s only been maybe ten minutes or so when Cas approaches their table with the guy in tow. “Sam, Eileen. I’m sorry to cut this evening short, but I’m leaving with Matthew here,” he says, and receives assurances from them that it’s absolutely fine. Dean feels left out until – “Dean. Would you like to…?”
"No, you were!"
Balthazar is already eating the pie by the time they get down to the kitchen. "We told him to wait," Mary tells the boys with a fond glare at the back of Balthazar's blonde head, "but he wouldn't listen."
Dean was six when he had the best idea ever. He was going to marry Cas. His Mommy had just given him a ring for the Omega he was going to marry -ie. Cas, though she didn't say it- and so he'd just marry him now.
"C'mon, Sam. How am I never going to talk to my younger brother again?" Cas teases, trying to set the young boy's mind at ease. "I don't think you're a freak. It's natural to develop a crush on someone like Lucifer; kind, compassionate, smart, driven, a family man, good with Omegas, and from a non-biased standpoint I can agree he might be considered attractive. So really, what's not to like?"
"Linguistics."
The white-blonde angel laughs. "Hello, Sam. My name is Aurora. I can see already you are going to be a problem for me, aren't you?"
There is one, miracle of miracles, so they jump in the Impala. Dean begins blasting 'Immigration Song' and Sam cranks the windows down as he belts out the lyrics with Dean. It's a wonderful day, and he's content.
"Cas!" he calls, grabbing his brother's attention. "Have you seen Balthazar? Something's wrong with him and I-"
"That's the day Balthazar's classes end a little later than normal. I can be here by- oh wait, I'll have to go home and change clothes, so I could be here by seven, unless you needed to be earlier then I could possibly meet you earlier at the client's house."
He changed from the fake fed suit and into the normal layered shirts and flannel if the sheriff's suspicions were right he might just be able to make it back to Dallas in time for Jack's bedtime story.
"You know I will,"
Dean grinned, he'd been the one to sign up for this, and he sure as heck would not complain now. Not after he'd seen what he could've become.
“Nice of you to join us. You boys have fun?” Ellen asks with a smirk that Jo definitely inherited from her. Dean is suddenly aware that he’s still holding onto Cas’s wrist.
Dean understood monsters killing people, they were monsters. And half of them needed to eat people to survive.
"Ain't a party if everyone's on their phones," she continued.
Cas has moved his hands, he’s clinging onto Dean’s shoulders with a grip that could easily crush bones if he isn’t careful. And it’s
"Bye, Jack," he smiled.
“I’m sorry, I don’t know a better word,” Cas says, and Dean is going to find some way to keep his mouth closed so that he doesn’t- (Wait a second, a
In the morning there would be cereal and chatter and toddler smiles. Then sing-alongs in Baby to the Jack-appropriate playlist. He and Cas would switch who sat in the back to keep Jack company until they made it to Galveston. Then they'd spend a few days at the beach.
He was not worried about dying here, he'd escaped better set-ups than this before. He'd been hooked up to bleeding rigs like this before too, the djinn, probably a vamp or two. And he knew that he hadn't been hooked up long, he hadn't that much yet. And as experienced as Lee might be in breaking up bar fights he hadn't been a hunter for fifteen years, and while Dean didn't hunt near as much as he used to, he trained or sparred with Sam or Cas on a daily basis and spent the rest of his time chasing after and lifting a two-and-a-half-year-old who loved going to the lake and being thrown in.
"I'm up, I'm up," he said, pulling himself into a sitting position and wondering just how quickly he could get a cup of coffee. He would go and make it himself with one of those weird Keurig things that every hotel (not motel) room seemed to have, but as soon as he was upright his lap was full with an excited toddler nephil.
"He does like you, you know," Sam reassures him. "I've known that for much longer than he has."
His brother stares at him. "What does that even mean, that you're so sorry? How bad is it?"
"D**n it. Shouldn't have died then, if you were coming to get me a few days from now." At Cas' sad look, he elaborates, "It did hurt, Cas. But I am glad I'm here with you now. I'll never regret that."
"Maybe he has the wrong address," decides Lucifer.
"And Dean Michael Winchester, do you take Castiel James Novak as your lawfully wedded husband, in r-"
"Alistair," Sam mutters under his breath. Then he glances down and realizes the man has a bottle with a substance Sam recognizes all too well.
Sam yawns. "Is it really fun?"
Lucifer refuses to be baited. "Once more. Then we'll gather the demons and discuss whatever you want."
"Yes," Michael replies, "Lucifer shares lots of things about his life with me."
"Try again. Did you find anything new last night?"
"Wait, wait, wait. That's fake me?" Dean asks, staring incredulously at the guy. "You're Jensen Ackles?"
"Ruby?"
"Let them work it out, Dean."
"Forever. That's all Sam and I have left, an eternity with our angels. And that's how long Michael will continue to be different. He promised."
"The angels accept your offer," Raphael decides. "We will punish you here, so Castiel can see the price for his sins. Remove your shirt, Sam Winchester. Alistair, if you please. The Winchester brother has offered himself up in Castiel's place."
"Where were you, you idjit?" Bobby demands as Sam upends his entire flask into his coffee.
"Mary, hello!" Lucifer yells, running across his lawn to give a big hug to the Winchester matriarch. "I've missed you guys so much!" he tells her as they sway back and forth with the strength of his hug.
"Lucifer just called."
"You're slim enough!"
"I'm going to take your other hand. Try to keep the fire going for me, okay?" He does as he said, taking Sam's hand and cradling it gently. The fire flares brighter at his touch, but it makes no move to hurt him.
"No. It's safer for me to go alone. More clandestine. I can get in and get out quicker by myself."
It was amazing how easy it was to forget how annoying angels were. Zachariah had returned from the dead and was trying to get right back into his position as Michael's number one wingman. It was nauseating watching him glare at Sam, Dean, Cas, Lucifer, and Gabriel while sucking up to his boss at the same time.
"Thank you, that would be incredible," Dean answers. "We appreciate it, Dad."
"Orange creamsicle," Sam decides. When Balthazar shoots him a look he says, "What? I like that one. It's a brighter orange than you would guess when looking at it, but the white helps mute it a bit. It's pretty. Now come on, let's go paint!" He misses the strange look Balthazar shoots him, running towards the register. "I forgot I don't actually have a way of paying for this," Sam explains once Balthazar comes up.
"What?" Gabriel squawks. "No fair playing husbands against each other, Sammykins!" He leaps from the table and sprints away, cackling with glee.
Dean manipulates them both out of the tub, taking the towel Gabriel holds out with a grateful smile. He dries Sam as best he can, though the water is already mostly gone from the heat of Sam's skin. He leaves Sam in his boxers, because anything they can use to keep Sam cool is a blessing at this point. Once Sam is dry he tries to lead him out to the bed.
"Hey!" Sam yells. Lucifer turns toward him, a look of shock on his face.
Sam jerks away from him, eyes hazy with fever. "Dean?" he questions frantically.
Dean shakes his head. "I'm okay." He pushes his back against the wall harder, groaning again.
Dean huffs. "Sammy-" he whines, but he boots up the computer and navigates easily to find a Disney movie. "Pick one," he orders, thrusting the laptop at Sam, "I'm going to find Cas and drag his feathery a** down here."
"Harry Potter."
"Then where's Cas?" Dean asks, nausea creeping into his stomach as he realizes he kissed the wrong man. In fact, his angel may still be in the Empty- maybe Bobby only saw Jimmy and didn't realize he wasn't Cas, maybe Dean needs to go get Cas, maybe…
"Well I should think so. You stabbed yourself in the back and possessed me."
"How do you feel about that?"
"Cas and I made him go change his shirt because it was all bloody. He'll be down soon."
"You're the best, Gabe."
"No. Sam's still in danger, and he has to meet his niece and nephew, and-"
After the wedding there's way too many pictures. Him and Dean alone, Dean with Sam, Cas with his brothers. All of them together, Dean with his parents, Cas with his, Dean and Cas holding Alfie...
Sam takes this moment to assess him. Strange as it may seem to him, he hasn't seen the devil shirtless. Curious hands dart out to trace abdominal muscles, which quiver under his questing fingers. Lucifer sucks in a breath but doesn't move to stop him, which Sam takes as license to continue. He maps Lucifer's hip bones- sharp under his skin, pressing into Sam's hand like they want to cut him- and ghosts his fingers up his sides. This requires him to get up from the bed, and he jumps up, entirely too close. Lucifer's muscles shudder a moment as he goes to step back but aborts the process. "It's alright," Sam whispers soothingly, "you don't have to be afraid of me. I won't hurt you."
"What is wrong with you?"
"Look at Sam's arm!"
"Samuel. Gabriel. The other guests are arriving. I trust you two have made peace with Lucifer?"
"It was a hundred and three, but who's counting?" Gabriel interjects smoothly.
"LARPing? Moondor?"
"Ugh, fine!" Sam pouts theatrically as he heads to the passenger side.
"You were there."
"Not well."
Lucifer looks shocked. "Where were you two? Gabriel, you have powdered sugar on your lip!" He cradles Gabriel's head in his hands, kissing him gently. Sam's jaw drops as Lucifer pulls back, a hint of an impish grin on his face. "Got it."
"Where did everybody go?"
"I will take you back right now unless you agree."
"I know, sweetheart. But if there's hormones, you might both want to do things neither of you are ready for."
"Why should you care? I'm not your son."
"Sam, play!" Crowley calls in the water.
"'Kay, I'll talk to you later."
"Dude, let the world burn. They don't appreciate the sacrifices you make, so why do you keep making them?"
Lucifer winces. "Sorry. I didn't know how to tell you."
"I hope not, not after how long school took!" He crosses over to Mary and hugs her too.
"Azazel and Kevin."
"He's perfect," Lucifer contradicts, fondness in his tone.
"What does that mean?" Dean asks, but at the same time, Sam questions, "Why?"
"I've been inside your head," Lucifer reminds him. "I've seen a lot of things about you. That's how I knew you'd never come to the Big Apple, but you wanted to. It's also how I was able to make our house."
Cas is already to his feet when Jimmy points at him, making his way to them before he grabs Dean in a hug. "How are you here? I figured it would be many years before you came to join me."
"Me too," Dean promises. "I'll never regret that." After thirty minutes, the boys start their homework again, though this time it takes a lot longer because they both keep staring at one another, small blushes on both boys' cheeks.
Something about that strikes Lucifer. He leans back, away from the bartender. "Did he mention I know who my mate is?"
Gabriel runs to him and tosses him into the air. "Hi, Cas! Did you get to go to the park with Mommy?"
"Certainly, if that is alright with you, sir," he says.
Sam wrenches hard so Cas lets him go, and slaps Dean aside, hitting Lilith, Lucifer, and Ruby to knock them out. Gabriel grabs him by the pants, and Sam twists. "Hello, Gabriel. It's been a while, hasn't it? I figured I'd take your boy toy for a spin, he's got so many delicious fears bubbling just beneath the surface. He's truly a joy."
"Luce, that's marvelous! For what?"
"But today is not that day."
"Glad to see you're as arrogant as ever."
"Unless?" he prompts when no answer is forthcoming.
Sam leaves the conversation at this point and jumps into one with Cas. "You guys have any ideas on where you're going to live?"
"Clearly you're lying, then."
"Dean!" he exclaims, voice a mix of emotions all at once. Apparently Uriel's Febreeze job did far more than cover up the scent of Omega in heat, it also covered 'interested Alpha.' And Dean was certainly projecting that right now. "You weren't supposed to be here for another ten minutes!" accuses Cas as he dives for his jeans, scrambling to put on the outfit he intends for Dean to pull right back off.
"Meg Masters? Cas, she's an idiot! Why would you listen to her?"
Dean shrugs. "Sounds better." He says nothing as they walk outside and climbs inside of Baby, but then as he puts the car into gear he asks, "Have Gabriel or Lucifer said anything?"
"What did I miss?" Sam asks as he comes down the stairs.
"It's not okay! This is exactly the kind of thing that could ruin this marriage scheme of Father's!"
"No, he specifically said this was done to love someone. Which I do."
They just got back to the bunker from their most recent case, and Dean is in the shower. Sam had already finished, but Dean is still enjoying the water pressure. Cas had quickly "zapped himself clean with angel mojo" as Dean called it, so he didn't require a shower.
"About CPS?"
Dean slams his fist on the bed. "That's not good enough! He's in danger now! And I have to help him, I have to protect him!"
"Tickle fight!" Sam declares, standing to come near Lucifer.
"What a gentleman," Lilith purrs.
Dean collapses on Michael's couch. "My mom decided to give me 'The Talk.' And your mom talked with Cas. And they both said it was a mistake to have you so early, and we were worried that maybe you thought you weren't loved, so we came here so we could tell you we do love you."
"Of course, Cas. And it's great that you thought of him."
"Neither do we," Bal answers.
"I'm just glad I don't have to deal with all your staring any more."
"Samuel!" they hear him exclaim as the door opens.
"This is Armani, Moose. It should not be on the ground," Crowley fusses.
"Why?" Lucifer presses. He has to know, this had been bothering him for yours. Had he written too frequently?
"I heard they were going to have smoothies today, go look," Gabriel says, boosting Sam off his lap and toward the food. He gives him a slap to his butt, causing Sam to make an indignant face. His mouth opens and closes wordlessly, then scurries away up to the food.
"He asked what color my suit was! That's an open invitation!"
In the morning, Cas is woken by the smell of pancakes. Gabriel is standing at the stove, flipping them masterfully. "Morning."
'Winchester?' Cas types back, heart skipping several beats.
"The thing feeds off people's worst fears. Maybe Cas' worst fear is that you won't be able to survive without him?" Sam suggests.
"Anna!" Apparently Dean's future archangel husband has a voice like thunder when he wants people to listen. And listen they do, Sam notes. Cas and Anna both drop their blades, both of their faces affecting innocent 'I wasn't going to stab them, no sir' faces. He hears Mary's weapon clatter to the ground behind them, and realizes she must have picked up the pole that Dean had gotten stabbed with. "Would one of you like to explain what is going on here?"
"You realize they kidnapped my wife too, right? Of course I'm going to help. Plus, it'll give Sam and I a chance to work together on his demon power stuff. He's been refusing Crowley, so with any luck I'll be able to guide him instead."
Sam shrugs. "You were bleeding," he explains as he shovels another huge bite of lasagna in his mouth, like those three words explain everything.
"No, I knew long before that. When that d**n demon possessed me, that's when I realized it. They told me you've been possessed by Lucifer, so I know you got an idea of what I'm talking about. You talk, in your own head, even if you don't want to. And all he wanted to talk about was you. Sam, Sam, Sam. He had plans for you; you were to be Lucifer's vessel. And he was in awe of you. You were everything he wanted, even back then. He was pinning all of his hopes on you.
"C'mon, Cas! He threw the debate! He as good as admitted it!"
Dean comes carrying in a bunch of flowers, enough that Sam can only see the tips of his wings. "Michael! I have the flowers! Are you sure that we need this many- I'm thinking that I can just drop them out the freaking window. This seems a bit excessive to me."
Lucifer roars a challenge back, 'Mine' clearly implied.
Lucifer nods. "I thought it was wise." He turns to the crowd of people watching them and calls, "He said yes he'll be my Omega!"
"Let go!" Sam protests, bothered by the fact that his arm is held like he's a prisoner or a disobedient child. Lucifer doesn't acknowledge him, and Sam tries to ignore the burst of fear that travels down his spine. "Lucifer, let go or I'll make a scene."
"I'm still not yours. I am my own person."
Cas and Dean are 21
Lucifer shrugs. "Beautiful. He's beautiful, and I'm not just saying that because he's my mate. He's got a head full of brown hair. But he's also kinda wrinkly, and his eyes cross. Mary said that was normal though."
Cas nods.
"It's negative, right? Cas, tell me it's negative."
Lucifer's brow furrows in confusion.
"Then those people are-"
"Yes I did, and please don't remind me of it. But that's not the point, the point is that Sam keeps rejecting me."
Dean rushes back in, thrusting a bagel and coffee into Cas' unsuspecting hands. "C'mon, let's go!" He grabs Cas' arm and proceeds to drag him out the door.
The final guy charges and rushes past him. Then he turns, throwing his fist into Lucifer's eye so hard he momentarily loses his sight. "When we get your Omega, I'm going to pin him down and take him in front of you."
"Yeah."
"And Lucifer?" Sam asks. He can feel someone behind him, but before he can turn Gabriel reaches out to touch him. Sam relaxes instantly.
"So why are you here?" Lucifer asks. It's not like Michael to get drunk, or to drink at all, really.
"Well that's sixteen years of marriage down the drain," Dean mutters, defeated.
Cas looks grumpy, but does as he's told. "What's that thumping noise?" Dean asks as the transducer goes on again.
"Of course it was Sam's idea."
"Like, in fishbowls."
"I know, I'm teasing, Luce."
Lucifer shrugs. "Anything other than my Cage will be a welcome relief."
"Ah yes, the accents. Really the only thing to consider when settling on a college," Rowena drawls.
Cas holds out the urine specimen container, a slight nod acknowledging Sam's words. He and Dr. Prescott both watch awkwardly as Sam fills the container, then hands it off to Dr. Prescott.
"I'm very surprised," Mary says. "Did anyone else know this?"
"Just kidding. I didn't really write that."
Lucifer's snarl echoes across the water. Sam looks toward him questioning, not understanding what might be wrong. If he was presented, or if Balthazar wasn't practically his brother, Sam could understand why that would be wrong. But he was Balthazar, he didn't mean anything by it.
…………………………………………………………
"Sammy. You are a moose. There is no space in that bed-"
"I've been trying to tell you that, you complete imbecile!"
"Dude, was that really necessary? My mom is right there!" Dean argues when he's released, still perched on Michael's lap.
Dean takes the decision out of his hands, as he often does. He wrenches away from the wall and viciously tugs his shirt over his head once more. The flannel over top has Dean looking back to normal. Only a tiny furrow of his brow betrays his pain.
"How many other siblings does Cas have?"
"Not near the food, you two!" Sam shouts.
The doctor being addressed is practically lounging against the counter, and looks up lazily at being addressed. "Hmm? Yes, certainly. He's quite right. Carry on, Winchester."
Gabriel is 24
"Answer him," Lucifer barks from behind Sam.
"Oh, we're going out?" Sam questions, grunting as Adam crawls over him and accidentally elbows him in the gut.
"What should we get?"
"Fine," Dean growls, still looking mutinous.
"She's okay. Anna's very forgiving. We'll just mate later."
"What's wrong, baby?" Dean mumbles.
"We're so closely linked that Dean's dead too," Sam speaks aloud to the empty room, praying the information to Michael.
"Oh, he-"
"Not yet. Dean wants somewhere in the central U.S. for hunting purposes. And close to you of course. To Michael and I- we don't care. It is not of import to us. What of you and my brothers?"
"No, he wouldn't. How are you related to 'Cas?'" There's amusement clear in Dr. Prescott's voice. "Brothers?"
"You sound horrible."
"What? Is the baby okay, at least?" Dean asks.
Cas' heart stutters as he imagines possibilities. As a young Omega, it's quite possible that Sam is being sexually harrassed- or worse. "So long as it's not dangerous to you or anyone else," he promises.
For a while it's only the angels that show up. Dean gets bored quickly with being the trophy husband, so he hides out in the dining room. Mary, Sam, Crowley, Bobby, Gabriel, and Lucifer join him. Baldur brings them alcohol and leaves them alone. After a few minutes Cas sneaks in too, shoving in between Sam and Dean so he can lean against Dean's shoulder. "You abandoned me," he complains softly.
"No, no, that's not it. Please don't leave!" Sam begs.
"Just because he doesn't have a sense of humor-"
"Well hopefully they'll be more cooperative than your mate was."
Sam nearly jumps out of his skin, slamming the Impala's hood and turning to lie to Gabriel. "Nothing."
U: 'Yes Bal, I did. Gabe, it's your brother, you idiot.'
"Go!' Lucifer chides, with a sound like a light slap falling on fabric.
"No," Cas scoffs, as nails six and seven join the pile on his knee.
"Hey!" yells one of the demons, spotting them. "A prisoner is esc-"
Dean and Sam are the first two on their feet, clapping and cheering, everyone else following suit a moment later. The couple joins hands and walks down the aisle, out toward the dining room.
"And Cas. You hurt him too."
Before he's even finished, he's throwing an arm over his eyes as Lucifer blazes into the room. "You're on fire!" he yells. Gabriel blazes into existence a second later, snapping his fingers and dumping water on Sam.
Cas looks surprised, like he somehow hadn't realized this. "Yes, I guess so."
Michael talks over him as though he doesn't even hear him. "We left him at the grocery store! I got the whole way home before I realized it! I abandoned my baby brother in a grocery store at two years old. Anything could have happened! And then one time, I left Gabe play with knives- well, I didn't leave him, leave him, but he picked up a knife and I didn't realize it, and he split his face and now he has a small scar on his chin because I couldn't watch him well enough! That's neglect!" Michael barrels on, waving his hands and gesticulating wildly as he talks faster and faster. "You fell out of a tree when I was babysitting and broke your collarbone, Balthazar nearly drowned in the pool, and Uriel almost got hit by a car! I almost killed all of my siblings! And now Anna tells me she's pregnant, but she doesn't know I'm going to accidentally kill the baby!"
Oh God. Now Dean's being dense- because he honestly doesn't know, or because he wants to hear Cas say it? "The, um, that thing. You texted about."
"Your life would be so dull."
"Multiple bullet wounds. They just called a code blue."
"He's curious; he gets into everything. It's not a benefit now, but when he gets older it can be."
Phobos laughs, a long evil cackle like a villain of vaudeville. "Well that won't do at all. If you won't play with me, I'll have to use someone else's fears. And luckily, your fiance has given me some wonderful ideas." He pulls an angel blade out of thin air and attempts to stab Sam.
"We were at a pond? There were swans? It was late at night?"
"Family comes first, Cassie. Always does."
"He took it as an insult to him as an Omega, as though I don't find him equal to me so I have to throw the debate! As though I haven't spent years fighting for and validating Omegas! What kind of a jerk does he take me for?"
Sam wishes he had an argument against this, but at the moment he can't think of a single thing. "Let's go."
"No, because I'm hoping if I say it enough times it will click in that big brain of yours."
"Not that I've heard."
"I will not be considered Lucifer's consort," Sam retorts hotly. He decides to pray to Cas to get him back here ASAP. "Now I lay me down to sleep. I pray to Castiel to get his rear end back here now. With my brother. Because it's life or death."
Meg sweeps him back, slamming his head against the wall. "I'm going first, Hotshot."
"Shut up, that's not why I want to go! My debate team has been invited to Harvard to debate against real lawyers, like Michael. I really want to go Dad, please? It's a great opportunity for me!"
Azazel is the next. Surprisingly, he too bows before saying "Lilith vanished too."
"Michael, please, you have to open Heaven again."
Lucifer leads them to the door and they go inside for the first time. Off to their right is a door that leads to a three-car garage. There's nothing in there now, of course, so they don't spend much time there.
"Castiel."
Michael leads them off toward the conference room of the hotel. Something about this hallway seems vaguely familiar to Sam, but he hasn't been on the first floor too much since he got to the hotel, only to eat. He recognizes the actual conference room though. It's been cleaned up since the last time, but he remembers hiding here, terrified for his life as Lucifer came. He remembers thinking that the only way he was leaving this room was through Satan's power.
"Oh yeah! Bye guys!" Sam shoots over to the edge, pulling himself out of the pool in spite of the ladder literally right next to him. He towels off quickly and jumps the gate separating their properties with ease.
"I'mma strangle you, Cassie," Michael growls without opening his eyes.
"We can do that, but the problem is that the person looking for the Cage needs to kill someone that they love, remember?" Rowena asks. "Technically, we COULD carve out Lucifer's heart, but I don't think you'll go for that. On the other hand, we could also summon Dean down here, and carve out his heart, but I don't think that Michael would go for that either."
Lucifer turns and leaps the bar onto his stand, and Sam has to put serious effort into not swooning right there. He manages it, possibly only because Lucifer tips his coffee cup up to cover his face, Adam's apple bobbing as he finishes it.
Dean makes a face. "Gabriel, this isn't your idea of-"
................................................................................................
Lucifer laughs then, head thrown back. "You keep trying to pick a fight, but I'm just glad that I don't have to keep hiding that you're my mate."
Sam sits back down. "I don't think it's a good idea right now. Dean and Cas are going to have the baby soon, and I don't want to take attention away from them."
Sam continues to stare at him blankly.
"What was the conference for?" Sam asks.
A wicked gleam enters Gabriel's eyes. "We should."
"What's wrong, sweetie?"
"I figured he knew!"
"Hey," he croaks.
The flush of the toilet preludes Cas. He smiles tentatively as he spots Dean and Michael together. Michael holds out his other arm and Cas crawls eagerly onto the bed. He curls up against Michael's left side, smoothing fingers through his hair. He's calmer now, thankfully.
................................................................................................
Dean's pretending to be working on homework, but secretly he's watching Cas. He likes to do that a lot.
Okay so defining some key medical terms here because I know you all aren't nurses:
"For God's sake, you've been unknowingly dating for the past eleven years! Just get married!" Jimmy, who is apparently eavesdropping quite unashamedly, yells.
"Whatcha doing?"
"Ben, take Claire and go into the dining room, please," Michael orders. Ben stares for a moment longer. "Ben," Michael repeats.
"You know who your mate is?"
"I wasn't planning to fall asleep, sorry."
Mary walks off and comes back with a couple blankets. Some she hands to John, Michael, and Balthazar, having them hold them up like curtains to block him from view. Lucifer remains where he is, but his expression is so blank Cas has a feeling it won't matter one way or another if he's naked or not. "Lie down. Pants off," Mary orders, throwing blankets onto a couple of chairs to form a makeshift bed.
"He's right. If you're sure he's the father, we can get a paternity test once you have the baby and prove it's his, then force him to pay child support. Wait...how did you know that, Sam?"
Gabriel shakes his head. "Not in this case. It's rude, very nearly a challenge to Dean's mates. Between angels, you shouldn't heal another angel's spouse or soon to be spouse. It's like saying you don't think they can take care of them."
"Um, yes. With you!" he says emphatically, feeling like he's got whiplash from the sudden topic change.
"No it's not that I don't think he'll like them. It's just that I think you'll like them more."
"You just said we weren't going to have sex."
...................................................................................................
"Okay, what movie?"
"I can tell why you're marrying him. You have emotional repression issues to rival Dean."
"He may still be back in the patient's room," Cas tells him.
"I almost-"
Cas and Dean are 21
"Sometimes you did, Lucifer. I'm not going to lie to you."
"From what I've seen of adulthood so far, I'm not too impressed," Cas mumbles, making Uriel snort.
"You didn't tell him? What about Cassie?" Gabriel jumps in to ask.
"But are you mortally wounded? Because if so I will declare myself sole survivor on Earth."
"No way, Sammykins. I crossed a line, and I'm sorry, but we need to talk about this to know what went wrong," Gabriel tells him.
"I thought you left! Don't you EVER do that to me again!"
"You know about that?"
"Yeah, Cas. Yeah it is."
Balthazar nods. "We've both known for years, but never addressed it. With the whole situation with Alistair, then Crowley being born, and me going to college- we both tried to forget about it."
"I don't want to."
"It's for your safety!" argues Michael ardently. "Sam, those demons that attacked you-"
Cas runs next door. "I stole Lucifer's credit card. We can pay him back in cash once we get  back." Cas prints out airline tickets, then confirms their flight. "Dean, our flight leaves in three hours. We should be there in an hour because I've heard you should always leave two hours to get through security."
"I'm staying here. Don't try to talk me out of this."
Sam stares at him, certain he didn't hear him right. "Sorry, you'll what?"
Lucifer looks at his twin in shock, but answers dutifully, "Love you too, Cassie." In that moment, he's surprised to discover it's true.
Lucifer's already shaking his head to refute this claim. "No, Sam. I loved writing to you. It gave me energy to do other things."
"Then I'm Pamela. And I understand you're looking to find out the sex of your baby today?"
Gabriel shrugs. "I guess."
"Not interested. Sorry."
"Hey Mary, it's Michael...mmmhmmm....well it was certainly a surprise, that's for sure...no it's fine, she was totally understanding... I know, right? Oh, of course I will, Mary. Listen, I'll put them back on a flight Sunday...yeah, Martin Luther King Day will give them a day to rest before going back to school. And I'll talk to them. Oh absolutely. No Mary really, it's not a big deal. It's great to see Cassie, and you know I think of Dean as a little brother too... yeah I'll handle that. I'll appeal to their logistical side. I've got it all under control. Uh-huh. Well I love you guys, give my family my love, and Sam too. Remind all the pipsqueaks to write me- Lucifer is the only one who does. Yeah. Love you too. Bye."
"My-my everything," Sam decides, waving a hand weakly.
"I know. And I know that you're concerned. I would love to tell you that I will not backslide, but I can't promise. I also know that you are used to protecting me, but I'm willing to fight for this."
"Sam Winchester, I know I raised you better than that."
"Fine then, I won't tell you."
"Come on, can you guys not be disgusting for just one minute? You all are making me nauseous!" Dean complains right in Sam's ear.
"A friend," he answers immediately. "I don't need you to love me, but I do need- want- whatever- a friend to get through this whole thing with."
"Hi, honey. Can we talk for a minute?"
"I sent the boys here specifically so you'd have to go to Hell. You were too well-protected, and I needed you to be warned of what's coming. The visions aren't telling you enough."
"What?!" Dean practically yells.
He looks at Lucifer and his stomach drops out. There's tears in Lucifer's eyes.
"And what did you decide, Oh Brother-Who-Thinks-He's-Superior?"
"Flattering?" Sam echoes confusedly.
"Sorry, Bal. I'm coming."
"Don't worry, Sam. I won't mention anything about it. Your secret is safe with me," Michael reassures him.
"That's great! You'll finally be married for real!"
Dean frowns. "Oh, I don't care. If not for the fact that you went out the door first, I would've been walking around too. But I couldn't let Chuck here by himself. He'd probably pick up a sword and stab himself accidentally."
"No thanks. We're wondering what your plan for sleeping arrangements was," Sam answers, pulling up the chair and spinning it so he's straddling it backwards.
Michael begins pulling various outfits off the racks, throwing them onto Dean's arms since Dean still hasn't even so much as glanced at the outfits. Within minutes Dean has a mound of clothes in his arms. "There. Try them. Do not look at the price. Pick one you like."
"Besides, at least this way, you know God won't smite you if you kiss Cas. He wants you to kiss him."
"My boys are growing up. Sam's going to be mated soon, and Dean's going to be a daddy in less than a month. Dear Lord, I'm old."
"Michael? Don't leave me with your winged judgmental minions! Sam, what happened? Why is Dean covered in blood?" Lucifer asks as he comes out of the hotel.
"I'm just so proud of you! Honey, that's amazing!" She turns to the rest of the family. "Dr. Prescott is the top surgeon in the hospital. In fact, he's the best in the state. And he only picks one student to intern under him."
"Oh my gosh, finally!"
"Why are you lying to me?" Sam demands, exasperated.
"Cas? Say something please. Anything at all. Tell me what a freak I am... tell me you never want to talk to me again..."
"I was going to feed you."
Sam blanches as he imagines the thing erupting. Gabriel laughs as he reads Sam's mind, and before Sam can be self-conscious about that, he snaps his fingers. Inside this alternate world, it's very warm and balmy- they're probably in Hawaii but Sam has no way of knowing for sure because he's never been there. It's dark, night time, and there are rustic- looking torches surrounding the aisle. The front of the aisle has the red glow of lava reflecting off it. Another quick snap. Lucifer's there now, the lava light throwing his face in shadows and making him appear ethereal.
"I think I would know if I set a fire, Benny."
"I arranged the books by information type. There's lore on demons here, werewolves over here, ghosts, shifters, you get the picture. I got a lot of this stuff on demons from Crowley and Azazel, it's a wedding gift for you from them. There's leisure books over here, though honestly I wasn't quite sure what you read for leisure so I just picked a bunch of random things. Dean suggested some titles, so I made sure to include those, but I still can't promise we got everything. If you think of any you want and don't have just let me know. Oh, and of course you can reorganize anything, I wasn't sure how to set it up so I just guessed. They're arranged by section, then alphabetically by author's last name for now but if you want it any other way I can change it."
"Where are we?"
"You're welcome. Have you done the reading for the next class yet?"
"Mom and Dad."
It's rather ridiculous. He could have fought more, but like Cas said, he was a good soldier. He was a weapon, a destroyer. He had so little left. The weight of it all was weighing on him: he was so tired after fighting with Chuck and the losses were horrific- Jody, Charlie, Donna, Claire. Jack, Rowena. Gabriel. Mary. Crowley. Eileen. Charlie, again, for him, his guilt. Kevin. Because of him. Bobby. Frank. Jo, Ellen. Back further still- Ash, his father, Jess. If he had just been faster that day, or just found Dad himself- but he hadn't. And the one that had haunted him the most, each time, Cas. His Cas.
"Hm. Omega, young, dedicated and driven," the doctor mutters. "Bonded?"
They troop back upstairs and check out the hallway, cautiously waiting for Lucifer to pop around the corner. He doesn't, so Sam knocks on the opposite door from theirs- Dean, Cas, and Michael's room. Michael yanks open the door. "Brother. Samuel. Please, come in." He props the door open so Sam has to duck under his arm.
Lucifer crawls onto him, straddling him. If he wasn't possessed, Sam would be thinking he was about to be kissed. As it is, Lucifer's hand wraps around his throat and begins to choke him.
"Michael promised him something called a BJ."
"If you give him a chance and don't get defensive just because he is, yeah I think so."
Crowley throws his hands up in frustration. "It's a brand new suit! Specifically for the wedding, and a different style than one I normally wear, I will have you know. Bal picked it for me, said it would look lovely, and you're telling me you don't see a difference between this one and any other I wear?"
That stops Michael in his tracks. "Let me see." Cas proudly displays Mary Winchester's silver ring, much too large for his finger. "It's too big, baby," Michael tells him, but like any good big brother he pulls out a silver chain for Cas. "You'll have to wear it like this for now." He hooks the chain over Cas' neck. It's so long it falls halfway underneath his shirt, nearly covering his belly button.
Ben launches himself out the door, grabbing hold of Dean's arm before he can bring the crowbar down again. He screams at Dean, and Dean screams back, and then they both walk inside together.
"Yes, and you were the officiator."
"No, you're not," argues Cas. "You do want a house, I've seen it in your mind before."
"Rowena," Lucifer votes automatically, "she doesn't have the same history with Sam that Ruby does." His lip curls into a sneer as he says that, leaving no doubt as to how he feels about their 'shared history.'
Lucifer walks by, on a phone. "We found him. I don't know. He says he was out for a walk. Ok." He clicks the phone off with an aggravated tap. "Your brother is coming," he reports. "He's upset."
"How are you? Are you feeling better?"
Dean hums as he floors Baby. "We have one month to learn to talk to them, Sammy. One freaking month. That's not much time."
"Was that-"
"Gabriel's insecure? He's not the one marrying two archangels!"
"Just the cute ones," she quips, then abruptly changes tracks, "Michael's family finally arrived. Apparently Lucy is short for Lucifer."
Lucifer shrugs. "I'm not so sure he understands I'm leaving. I haven't really explained it."
Now they were finally there, parked yet again in front of the Elysian Fields Hotel. The brothers exit the car together. Lucifer, Michael, Gabriel, and Castiel stand in a small cluster near the front entrance, clearly waiting for them.
"We were worried!"
Sam shrugs, refusing to meet his gaze. "I don't know. Attempting to reset to factory settings, I guess."
"I'm apparently already halfway done. The baby is already kicking."
Sam pouts. "I'm sick of the bedpan," he complains.
"I already did, he didn't listen."
Cas says nothing for a moment. The whole thing concerns him, makes him worry for his brother. If these allegations are true, his career will be ruined before it gets started in the U.S. But that's ridiculous. Balthazar would never do anything like that, none of his brothers would. Plus, Balthazar in particular feels like Sam's a younger brother he's meant to protect, it wouldn't even cross his mind to have sex with Sam.
"Get up, Jerk. Your future husband is looking for you two, and it's breakfast time. And people are supposed to be arriving soon. Get up!"
"That's fabulous! Congratulations!"
In a few minutes they have a gangly child with them, swinging him in between them as they walk back to Cas'. It's easy to suggest a game of hide-and-seek once they drop him with Lucifer. Sam takes off running as Lucifer begins to count, and Dean and Cas sneak out the front door and down the sidewalk until they're one block away, then get an Uber. Within minutes they're headed to the airport.
"I wish I could guarantee that for you."
One of them is trying to get past him, so he grabs him and slams him in the face, hard. Something in the guy's face shatters, but Lucifer hits him again without remorse.
"You need to get over your fear of healing him eventually," Gabriel remarks with a smirk. "I'm not doing it."
"Who?"
He ignores Benny for now, seeing that the vampire is beginning to strain against the cuffs toward the children. Freeing him will be difficult, but Sam fully intends to do it.
"So Sammy-"
"Jerk."
Michael manages to coax Sam in once the water is drained out of the tub, but the second the shower comes on he lets out an inhuman screech and claws at Michael's arms in a desperate bid for freedom. "Stop it!" he gasps, "I'm not broken." Then the words turn into a begging litany for "DeanDeanDeanDeanDeanDean."
"He's sleeping."
"Yes, Dean, we need all these flowers."
"Who said anything about a child?" Dean asks, now thoroughly confused. He has no idea where his mom is going with this.
"Not without me, you won't. I'm coming along."
"Of course he didn't."
"Dean," Cas says, popping into the car with angel mojo, and Dean nearly swerves off the road. Cars slam on their horns and brakes simultaneously around him, and Dean shifts the car into park.
A deep gasp of breath disrupts them. Lucifer's body jerks violently once, then he lurches to his feet. "Aye caramba, mi cabeza," he mutters. "What happened?"
Claire is making tiny gasping noises as Sam works the door with his lock-picking kit, which worries him. He wrenches the door open as soon as he's able.
"You've got your hands full, don't you honey?" Aurora asks Sam.
Dean stares at him, then turns and walks to the Impala. He roots in the trunk without a word, reemerging with a bottle full of holy water. He uncaps it and casually dumps it over his brother's head. "Well, you're not possessed by a demon," he announces, throwing the bottle back into the trunk and throwing his arms up in the air in celebration as it actually lands in the trunk. "So what are you, then?"
Sam's arm catches the demon and slams it into the ground. "Where are they? What have you done with them?" he demands.
"What the h**l is that boy doing?"
"Too late." Gabriel initiates the kiss, yanking him forward and kissing him. Lucifer flails for just a second before ceding control of the kiss to his younger brother. "I love you," Gabriel whispers as they draw back, "in spite of this."
Cas feels as though he's missed a major part of the conversation. "Hmm?"
"Why?!" Sam throws all of his incredulous feelings into the question.
"Ask your friend Castiel. He knows the truth."
"You're one to talk, Sammy boy. I did mean what I said, though. If you want to take me up on it..."
"Go under the maps app."
The girl stares out at Lucifer. "Is he dead?"
"The answer is still no. Having my own brother call me to manipulate me is not going to change my answer."
"Sacrifices have to be made."
"Is he still alive?" Lucifer had asked one of the nurses yesterday. "Or is he only living because of your machines?"
"I don't think this place is my style."
Hazel eyes roll. "Hello, Lucifer. I wish you wouldn't have thrown the debate like you did, it's insulting."
"Wanna trade? I'll take Michael, you can have Lucifer."
"Sorry I woke him," Sam says.
"Michael paid me in alcohol," Lucifer remembers. "I'll tell you though, the day Anna went into labor- he suddenly remembers all this stuff he has yet to do! He has to call me, cancel court for the day, call Dad and Mom, take a shower, shave his face...and poor Anna is standing there telling him to get a move on. I finally grabbed his bag, tossed him out the door, and threw his duffel bag out after him."
"How is it unbecoming?" Cas asks.
"Fifteen minutes ago." Lucifer blanches. He can't imagine he never saw them leave. "And may I say, the two of you are a lovely couple."
"Helium makes your voice sound weird if you inhale it. Here, try." Kevin passes him the balloon right as the bunker door slams.
"I could probably do several."
Gabriel is laying there unconscious and looking a little worse for wear. He's dripping grace, glowing the strange bluish-white color from his cuts. Unnoticed until now, Cas is next to him trying to stop the grace as he hides in the shadows. "Cas!" Sam proclaims, knocking him over as he attacks the angel. "Dean's been so worried! I've been worried!"
"I did, but you never really took the time to find out."
"Were you Cas' doctor?"
"Get off of me!" he commands, staring murder at the thin man with milky white eyes who's watching him with the deranged look of a hungry predator.
"What?"
Cas grimaces. He doesn't like remembering the moment he was picked today; the classroom was quietly buzzing like a beehive the rest of the day as students. Cas would've preferred real bees to the eyes of people watching him and judging him, acting like he's an insect to be studied. Or possibly an animal to be dissected, pinned to the board and sliced open with scalpels so they can see what makes him tick, and determine what makes him so special that he was picked by Dr. Prescott.
Sam growls.
"Anyway, we're getting married. And Michael, too."
"Are you alright? Did Michael hurt you?" Sam asks, worried hazel eyes scanning his brother's wrists for non-existent bruises.
The guy walks over, hand still tight around the bartender's waist. "Hi. Lucifer? I'm Azazel, but my friends call me Aze. And of course you've already met my mate and the love of my life, Lilith."
"Already knows who their favorite uncle is. Suck it, gentlemen."
"Him, and several other creatures. I'm very popular when it comes to people wanting to kill me. You wanted to at one point, and so did Michael. Most of the creatures I've hunted have tried to kill me. He wasn't special. Nothing out of the ordinary for me." Sam takes Lucifer's hand. "Come on," he soothes. "Let's go back to the hotel. We need to figure out how to get my parents back." Lucifer lets himself be tugged back into the hotel, though he's still glaring at the dead demon behind them. Like this, with Lucifer chomping at the bit to defend Sam's honor, Sam suddenly realizes he doesn't have to be afraid of Lucifer any more. He pushes the thought aside for now, resolving to deal with it later- he has parents to rescue now, after all.
"That was ten years of my frickin' life! Sam and I were helping him raise a frickin' baby! I can't believe Sam didn't kill me," he found himself laughing along, now that they've got that figured out enough, the love thing, it's easier to laugh at stuff like that. Because he was such an idiot.
Cas’s lips don’t taste like much of anything, maybe spit, maybe a bit of alcohol, but they’re fucking delicious all the same. Because they’re Cas’s lips, Dean can’t fucking get enough of them. Pink and spit-slick and swollen. They feel amazing against his lips and almost better between his teeth with the whine that it pulls from Cas. Cas’s tongue tastes like less but it’s wonderful to feel against his, exploring his mouth with reverence and wonder that Dean distantly feels undeserving of (but it’s so
In the next breath, there's another angel taking his place. Gabriel says nothing to identify him, and when Lucifer looks over the two men simply shrug at each other. He's a good fighter, but Cas is better. The two circle each other tensely, simply circling and feeling each other out. Then Cas is gone. Sam gasps, looking around the circle wildly.
"All due respect, sir, I wanted to intern under the cardiac doctor. You'd be better off taking Meg Masters on as an intern, not me. Besides, she and I often switch back and forth between top of the class."
He mentally sheds Dean's persona. Then he is flying through the air, flapping his arms frantically as he drops. The ground gave out beneath him, and Sam lands with a grunt as the air is knocked out of him. He rolls to his feet and takes off again.
"I don't dance, and my name isn't Sammy."
Sam grabs the remote and begins to fast-forward. He's praying that he's right, and that Gabriel didn't just record him having sex just for the sake of having a sex tape. The screen goes black, and then Gabriel's face pops up on the screen.
"What?"
Sam grabs Lucifer as he releases his hand and hauls him in for a fierce consuming kiss. When he finally lets go, Lucifer mutters "Tease."
"I was, but I was resurrected, as were many of the others. Would you like the same room as before?"
Nobody notices Lucifer's body jump as he finally gets up. Nobody sees when he stands up and stalks toward Sam. Everyone notices when he drives the archangel blade into Sam's back. The dark black-red cloud rushes out and through the door, heading out of the hotel.
"Stop it, I'm not hurt. It's Ben and Claire."
Sam exhales a shaky laugh. "No you're right, you're right. He's not that type of Alpha. But maybe I should find out what he plans before you move all my stuff in, plan our wedding, and start painting a nursery for the baby."
Dean slumps to the ground, wings curling tightly around his body. "After Cas and Crowley rescued Sam from Hell, we realized that they had left his soul behind. Soulless Sam was, to put it nicely, a monster. But he didn't have any recollection of his time in Hell, so we thought it was a blessing at first."
"I'm fine!" Cas snaps.
"Greece. This is where Thesselia was. It uh, it wasn't always this ugly." He waves his hand, and Sam sees a completely different city. In place of the bustling metropolis of modern day, there's a beautiful ancient Greece city. There's much more trees than they used to be, and Sam almost feels that the air is cleaner. It looks cleaner, as though the pollution is all gone or something.
Her gaze shifts to him, calculating. "You know me, but I don't know you."
They troop upstairs. Apparently, the entire top floor is compromised of their living space. There's a huge master bedroom, complete with large walk-in closets for the three of them. Lucifer also has a few large wardrobes set up. Their master bathroom has a tub that's large enough for bathing about ten German Shepherds at the same time. On top of that, there's a shower as well. Sam stares at it all in shock. It's a nice place, it's a nice home, but there's nothing in it that seems like he would live there. It's suitable, and he'll probably enjoy having his own space, but...
Dean promptly chokes on his sandwich, coughing and spluttering.
Cas frowns. "I'm fine," he lies unconvincingly. Dr. Prescott is kind enough not to call him out on it, but looks at Cas' hand, which is shaking. Cas steadies his fingers, clenching them into a fist.
"Sure. And hey! Michael met Anna at college, maybe you'll find your Omega there too!"
"I'm only alive because of your god. I will not cross him and die again. He wants you three in a room together, I'm not going against that."
"Just tedious. I literally haven't slept, but now I gotta go debate one of the kids from my high school. I wish they had a debate team when I was there," his voice trails off for a second before he says, "so listen, I'm going to stop at Starbucks for overpriced frou-frou coffee-"
"Yeah, Dean wasn't kidding when he said Michael was possessive," Sam explains. "We had to steal out of Heaven."
Michael nods. "Mom told me that when Cas was born." Another long pause. "Luce, if anyone's nasty to you about this- even our brothers- let me know. I won't let them bully you for something beyond your control."
"What did you do?" The voice hisses, glaring at Castiel. "Where is the fire, where is Sam, how did your get rid of him?"
"Honey, what are you waiting for? The day you leave?"
Lucifer nods and runs off, jumping the fence again and taking off for their house, bawling bloody murder for their father.
"I like this one," Dean decides.
"Then where was he last night? He wasn't working a case, I asked around to make sure. So where was he and what was he doing?"
You guys! It's been such a long time! I've missed this story- but I graduated with my BSN, quit my job and got a new one, bought a house, and got sick. It's been a busy couple months! Anyway, hope you all enjoy the story, and to quote Casifer, "I'm back, baby!"
For the other brothers, they quickly became used to the antics of the boys. Michael could often be coerced into playing with Dean and Cas with very little difficulty, and so could Balthazar. Uriel accepted Dean's presence in the house with true grace- arguably because he never came out of his room long enough to know if Dean was there or not. Gabriel adored Dean, because it was one more person he could prank and wheedle candy from. And Sam loved Cas, declaring him 'the bestest husband for Dean, ever!' So "married life" didn't treat the two boys any differently than usual.
Now Michael's at the door, and while he's considering breaking it down- Sam can hear him talking loudly through the door, trying to convince Sam to open it- Dean has apparently given up waiting and appeared in the bathroom with Sam. Dean always did have trouble with waiting. If it was possible he would have hastened every fight he and Sam had ever had with every monster, because Dean didn't like to wait. Someone needs to teach Dean to wait. Patience, after all, is a virtue.
Sam recoils, yanking away from his brother. "No, no, no, cold!" Sam mumbles in a litany.
"Did you tell Dean any of this?"
"But no one can see it!" Dean argues.
"What if he's in class?"
"What battle? What's he talking about?" Sam demands, feeling like he's missing something yet again.
"Watching an Omega while they're pregnant always has me thanking God I was born an Alpha. I could not do all the foot swelling, constant bathroom breaks, and agonizing pain of labor," Michael says.
Cas reaches out and pulls his youngest brother into his lap. "Oh, honey. We never meant to make you feel that way."
"Did you watch the same scene I did with Michael and Jo? I don't think he'll go for 'sorry my dad is against gays, do you think you could pretend to be my friend?' And then what happens on our wedding day? We knock him out so he can't protest until it's done?"
"Misha, what are you doing?"
The bartender squeals loudly. "I've wanted to see him forever!" She rushes on with, "I'm sorry, we're so rude! I'm Lilith, and this is my mate Azazel."
Sam shuts his eyes as pain racks his body. He clenches his teeth as his vision fades to black. Then suddenly he's seeing a vision, terrifyingly similar to the ones he used to get when Azazel was preparing for Lucifer's rising. There's a black cloud with dark red throughout, descending on Sam, Dean, and Cas. When the cloud lifts, Cas is gone. Images begin flashing by, disjointed: Dean standing in the middle of a huge pile of glass, blood dripping from his hands as he ignores it; Michael, looking angry and hard; Zachariah saying, "You can't, Dean, Michael will take it as betrayal"; Dean's whispered promise, "I will come for you, Cas. I swear."
Sam leaves the room, then the hotel. He paces angrily, trying to force his brain to reconcile the images of the past with the current truth. He barely registers Azazel following him out. The other, strange demon that attacks him, he register much faster.
Sam grabs the distraction, thrilled that Michael has offered him a different conversation. "Where are the flowers?"
"How do you know that? Why are you looking? That's personal!"
Gabriel blinks at him. "Oh. Sorry. I thought-"
"His tongue was sticking out, it was an open invitation," Lucifer mutters.
Lilith goes into the kitchen to grab their orders as they continue talking. She jumps up onto the counter and sits with them while eating her own meal.
Lucifer mutters something that sounds suspiciously like 'shouldn't trust me' but he does take Sam's hand, wraps his long fingers around his hand and lifts so they can both see the large bruises encircling Sam's wrists like bracelets. Sam watches as the skin evens out and everything returns to normal. He can feel tingles as teeth marks and other bruises disappear.
They enter room 147. Sam's arguing with Dean. "You can't have Cas!"
"Sweetheart, I hope you know you and Dean are the poster children for psychological issues. That's not healthy."
Bal says, "Probably a candy shop, knowing Gabe."
"A couple times."
................................................................................................
"You sound very surprised. I'm sorry if I've upset you, I just figured this was the logical next step in our relationship." Sam jumps up from the couch looking alarmed, so Lucifer hastens to reassure him. "Evidently I'm not planning to sleep with you until we got mated, but if you would rather be mated before you move in we can do that too."
Cas nods. He helped put Sam on the table of operating room 4 himself, he knows that's where Sam is.
"I'll order you a throat spray to help with that. Let me know if you have any questions about anything. Sam, you were shot. You have five areas where the bullets hit you. You were shot in the right leg, lower hip, lower stomach, your lung, and near your spine. We've had you on medication to stop swelling. Because your lung was punctured, we had a chest tube in you. It's out now. We also had to perform CPR on you three different times."
Sam's hands fly up defensively. "I wasn't even thinking about it!"
Whatever retort Sam is going to make us cut off by the ringing of his phone. "Hey," he says softly, light blush staining his cheeks. From that alone, Balthazar knows it's his brother. Sam walks off, laughing at whatever Lucifer says, and sends a sharp pang of jealousy shooting through him. Balthazar frowns at the wall contemplatively. Perhaps it's time he found his own mate and reconciled with her...
"Then I'll teach you," Lucifer volunteers. "I'm very good at it." He starts some music, and within seconds he and Michael are whipping dramatically around the room.
Dean shrugs and scuffs his feet. "I know that, but I figured I wanted to give you the option. They're very accepting of Omegas here, not like back home. At least consider it?"
"No. You have no sense of alignment whatsoever, if I let you decide it's going to end up at a ninety degree angle."
"Hey," Sam says once he arrives at the top of the cliff, slightly out of breath from the climb.
The demon laughs mockingly. "Wouldn't you like to know?"
A loud yelp from the room across the hall has him sprinting out the door, Lucifer and Gabriel on his heels. Sam pounds on the door, and it's yanked open by Dean who stumbles out with an embarrassed grin playing across his lips. "Oh, thank goodness it's you. C'mere, Sammy," Dean says, and he grabs his brother's wrist and hauls him down the hall.
"No, I think Sammy has a point to prove," snarls Dean. "Let's go, Sam."
"Sure."
"So you won your case today?" Sam asks, whole body tilting into Lucifer as he questions him.
Cas' eyes are nearly overflowing with tears as he choked out, "I do. I will. I promise. Eternity, Dean, or as much of it as we've been allotted." Their lips connect sweetly, and Uriel takes that as his cue to leave.
Gabriel taps his chin. "I want to tie him up and have my wicked way with him."
"I wanted to talk to you about Cas."
"I did. Crowley had already kidnapped you guys, and I knew that if I didn't completely bail out of your lives you would never be safe. So I had Cas wipe your memories after your mom almost died."
"For how long?" Adam asks glumly.
"I mean it!"
"So what, our new mission is to kidnap Lucifer and throw him with...who's ruling heaven nowadays, now that Michael's gone? But to basically pull him out of the Cage and lock him in a room with whoever and tell them they're not coming out until they kiss and make up? Because, no offense, but I don't think that will work," Sam tells Chuck.
Cas feels his face pale, but he obediently begins to scrub up. They are just finishing when the overhead calls out 'Trauma alert, emergency room.' Cas runs with Dr. Prescott and Meg out to the ambulance crew, grabbing hold of the gurney to pull the patient into the OR. "Patient is a teenage male, appearing to be about twenty years old. Several gunshot wounds, located in the right leg, left hip, and lower abdomen. Potential for other sites as well- we didn't turn him due to massive blood loss. Two intraosseous site IVs. We ran a fluid bolus of 1L in each, his pressures are dropping quickly due to the blood loss. Oxygen sats dropping, patient was intubated on the way here. He's stable for the moment but declining quickly." Cas transfers the patient onto the operating table, heaving with all his might. The young man is heavy, face and body caked in so much blood that he's unable to be identified. His chest heaves with the force of the mechanical breaths, and Cas is utterly amazed at the fact that he is still alive. His hand flops limply over the side, and Cas' gaze catches on the familiar leather bracelet on the man's wrist- familiar because it was a gift from his husband, given last Christmas. "Sam?" he questions hoarsely. "SAM!"
Dean begins shifting. "Sammy, I'm ready to be done now."
Sam jumps away, scrubbing at his face before he can be subjected to the same treatment.
"Your body disagrees. But that doesn't mean you have to right now. And you probably shouldn't."
Sam goes out to Adam's car and pulls the enormous pile of textbooks into the hotel. He sets up in the lobby with the stack of books and a fresh notebook. Before he can crack open the book, Gabriel is pulling it out of his hands and giving him a large bowl of ice cream. Sam stares at him with a cocked eyebrow.
"You're darn right I have."
"What can I say, I'm a night owl!"
"I'm glad you caught that. I was going to start harassing you."
"It's a boy?" Dean asks, and he goes down to see the baby. In the next minute Cas has something slimy laying on his chest. He opens his eyes to see his son lying there.
Gabriel comes awake grousing, "Why are you up at 5:30 in the morning?! Even the sun doesn't wake up for another hour!"
"They had a meal with Michael, Anna, and Samandriel last night. But when they come to get us, they're staying for another dinner with you."
John leans back in his chair, linking his fingers behind his head as he contemplates. "Columbus Day weekend?"
"Who are we hiding from?"
"See you Saturday. Love you, bye."
Gabriel is crunching popcorn lowly in Sam's ear but he can't find it within himself to care. He is warm and sleepy, and safe. His mind reassures him that there is no one here who will hurt him. He leans into Cas, pulls Gabriel closer to himself, and follows his brother off in the Sandman's grip.
"I just have to check something. If I'm wrong, it's no big deal, but if I'm right... If I'm right we'll know what we're up against. And we need that. I will not stand by and let you be possessed again. Do you have any idea how helpless I felt? I'm an archangel, I don't like to feel helpless, Sam. I just need to know what we're up against."
Lucifer yanks away and storms off the opposite direction of the celebrating students with a dark glare their direction. Then he's gone.
"You did what?" Michael addresses Lucifer.
Sam drifts off into fitful sleep. Nightmares hold him tight in their grasp, recollections of quality time spent with Lucifer in the Cage. At some point the nightmares stop and he drifts off into a restful sleep.
"Thank you, Uriel," Cas begins, "I know we haven't been close but I do truly appreciate everything you've done for me today. I will never forget it," he promises as he squeezes his brother's hand.
"I didn't assume we would be living in the hotel forever."
"Where's my snacks?"
"Stay here," Lucifer bites out. "Mom, can you help Rowena please?"
Dean approaches, watching the angel aggregation cautiously. "Hey, Cas."
"It's always been me and Sam against the world," Dean bites out as though he's angry. "I don't know how to do anything else."
Lucifer laughs. "Practically ancient."
"Dean, let's discuss this later."
"I'll just stay up all night the night before. It won't be a problem."
Dean loads his plate with three pieces of pie and grabs Cas by his belt buckle. "Sit here?" he asks with a charming grin.
"I'm sorry. Again. I thought- no, I don't know what I thought. No matter how I justified it, I shouldn't have stopped writing."
Gabriel is 23
Dean had every intention of staying up until Cas got home tonight, that much is clear. He's sitting in the Novak's living room with the TV on, romantic music playing softly in the background as a stark contrast to the action movie playing on the TV. A lamp is on, and Dean is curled over the edge of the armrest toward it, mouth open as he snores quietly.
C'mon, Sam!" Jess protested, trying to coerce him into the dance floor for probably the tenth time tonight. "It's my birthday!"
Cas leans around the door, clearly naked behind it. "Six. My final offer."
"Pick up!"
Lucifer smirks at him. "You forgot about one thing in all your demands."
"We need an 'ficcial," Cas tells Michael. "For our wedding."
"Cas, just stop. I know what it means. And no, I already said I'm not coming home. He's a child! He won't be able to stand me on rut- I'll rip him apart! And we can't forget my original argument- he's still too young to tie his life to mine. I mean, he needs time to develop a personality separate from me; the world does not need two of me."
"To talk about what it means to be an Alpha," Lucifer answers, entering Cas' room and sitting on the floor. "Gave me a lot to think about."
"And then what? When you don't come back, how do you expect Dean to keep going? He's hardly holding himself together now, and I know you are the only reason he has kept going. What's going to happen when you vanish too?"
"I'll take a Mountain Dew, please."
"It's Dad," Sam jumps in before Dean can argue. "We think he's coming back."
Crowley's pulled away, and Azazel is thrusting the sword so it nearly beheads Sam. He ducks, and steps in so he's knocking Azazel down.
"Cas, Dean isn't doing well. Not at all. He just- he stopped, Cas."
"Lucifer took us to see our new house. We were having breakfast and lost track of time."
"Of course. Now come on, boys. Let's go celebrate with Bobby, Crowley, and Balthazar."
Michael is 29
Dean's face is pale as Death's. "You're my son?"
"Jerk."
"Dude!" Dean says, coming to sit back down, "Was that really necessary?"
"What are you doing?" Sam asks plaintively.
"Thank you, Lucifer, truly," Rowena tells him, eyes shiny.
"She healed Dean!"
"Normally we don't do much for birthdays. But we could do something if you want."
"Hey!" Sam shouts, cutting off whatever angry retort his mother was going to give. He stalks forward until he's toe to toe with the other hunter. "You want to kill me?" He spreads his arms wide. "Go ahead."
"They're dumb rules," he sulks.
*Flashback two months ago*
Ash runs up behind them and jumps on Jo's back, nearly knocking her over. There is a bunch of screaming as the family reunites. Once they break apart they head over to the table, Sam trailing them.
"I resent that!"
"If you kick me in your sleep, or snuggle up thinking I'm Sam, I reserve the right to make sure you don't wake up."
Sam thinks this over, a tiny frown crawling across his face. "Thanks. That's it for now." He unfolds his long legs and walks away, thinking about the conversation. He's not expected to rule Hell, but he certainly doesn't plan to allow Gabriel and Lucifer to make the decisions alone. He's planning to help but to do that he needs to know a lot more.
He can just barely see the gleam of teeth as Cas answers. "I know you know, Sam. Michael and I both noticed that Dean was beginning to exhibit signs of growing wings. That's part of the reason he was so upset when you went missing yesterday; he's more irritable and moody right now. Last night the bumps on his shoulders were hardly there, but I am certain Dean has noticed them today and, most likely, that is the reason he turned me down when I requested he teach me to kiss as he and Michael did, and not because of any dislike of me personally."
For his part, Dean's overjoyed at having Cas take on his last name. He tells anyone and everyone that Cas and he are married. The adults all laugh, but Dean just figures they're jealous. Cas is wonderful, and even adults probably realize it. He's always with Cas now, they play together at recess and sit next to each other in class. If anyone bullies Cas, Dean is right there to punch that person for daring to disrespect his husband. After one or two scuffles, any bullies leave Cas alone.
"You sure? I don't mind leaving."
"Oh. Really?" Dean sounds surprised, intrigued, and turned on in equal measures.
"I just won't come back."
"Thank God," Adam breathes in response. "You're back to normal."
"NO!" Sam yells.
"Hi, Mom. You look beautiful," Dean tells her, giving her a quick hug. Sam looks behind him, ready to leave if he needs to. He's not under an illusion that Mary came to see him, after all.
"Cas, calm down, okay? It's going to be fine, baby or no baby. Do you want to- I dunno, go take a test?"
"Nightmare?"
Mary clearly resolves to discuss that later. "Are you marrying a second man too, Sammy?"
Dr. Prescott walks into the room, and Meg pulls her hands off him. "Castiel, Meg, I need you to scrub up for surgery immediately. There's been a shooting at Lawrence College and Community Center. Some of the students are badly wounded, and they're on their way here!"
Dean heads outside to hear Lucifer ranting. He's unsurprised to find Lilith and Azazel or here with him, both trying ineffectually to calm him.
Mary looks back and forth between the two of them. "You're not joking."
Sam suddenly recalls something. "Didn't you promise you'd never lie to me?"
"I  know," Gabriel reassures him. "I forgive you."
Sam snuggles in, burrowing deep into Lucifer's shirt. He yawns, then drifts off.
"Beautiful."
"You know how Dad said about pointing out the good in Omegas? It works great on Alphas too Luce. Here, watch. Luce, you're not me. You never will be, and for goodness sake you should never want to be. We're twins, identical twins, but that doesn't mean we're completely the same. You're not good at the little kid games. But you're good with them when they're quiet because that's your personality. You'd rather read a book than babysit a three-year-old by playing Cowboys and Indians. I don't know if you've noticed, but Cas here can be pretty quiet too. I think he's more similar to you than you realize. And of course he likes you, Luce. He's offering you his toys, that's a sign of him liking you right there. You just have to find a different way to connect with him than the one I use, because you're not me."
He hears a key fumbling in the lock and stops. 'No no no' he thinks frantically. 'Hide!'
"Hey Cas," he says, sounding like he's been gargling rocks in his time unconscious.
With Sam's help, Cas carefully selects white streamers- "You said not much, and nothing is more minimalist than white"- and two green balloons- "They match his eyes, Sam!"
Cas has no argument for that, so he crawls into his own bed, Dean with him for the first time that's not heat-related. It's somewhat nerve-wracking.
Sorry guys I had this chapter written when I posted the last one, then realized it never saved. Half of it was completely gone, so I had to try and remember what I had written and rewrite it. That's why it took so long. :(
"He's brushing his teeth."
Sam's ears turn hot at the reminder. Last night he had been tied up and at the mercy of the two archangels, though Gabriel was in control and bossing Lucifer around- per Lucifer's request. While Sam was no longer afraid Lucifer would hurt him, Lucifer didn't seem to trust himself the same way Sam did. When he finally fell asleep he was sure he was going to sleep for a while, and now he's wondering if Gabriel planned it that way on purpose.
Jared frowns. "Gabriel, what have you done?"
Sam grudgingly goes back into the store. He looks up to the sky and blurts out, "OH S**T!" Sam bolts out the door, leaving Lucifer's snacks on the counter. "We got to go!"
..............................................................................
"Put that down, Dean-o. You might be Michael's intended but that doesn't mean I won't protect myself if I need to. And in case you forgot so quickly, that kind of a fight is not one you would win," snarls Gabriel.
By the time Dean is back, Cas is snoring quietly in bed. "Mmm?" he mumbles.
"No. You were sick, Sam, we thought you might die. You're not going with us."
Gabriel is 23
"Don't do that again," Michael whispers as he sits.
The day of the trial, Sam meets Lucifer downstairs in their house. "Did you get any sleep, honey?"
"He doesn't love me."
"Gabriel, that's not a slow song."
"Ok fine. Stay there. We'll talk tomorrow."
"Just following orders," Not-Cas/Misha answers cheerfully.
Sam grabs his phone and begins dialing. "Bobby, where's Crowley?" he asks sharply. "Because he's missing a demon meeting...Demon or not, I still want his opinion on stuff...Well then, wake Sleeping Beauty with a kiss, but tell him I'm starting in five minutes and he needs to be here." Sam clicks the phone off, then turns on an alarm. Then he sits at the conference table and props his feet on the table. He leans back so the chair is balancing on two legs, both hands folded behind his head.
A loud growl is heard from inside the apartment, then Michael's voice yells, "Coming!" He rips the door open and stares at them in shock. "Dean? Cas? What are you two doing here?"
John nods. "I see. Well, what do we think about Michael?"
M: 'Bye!'
The three men look back and forth between each other. "I thought because of Gabriel."
"Hey!" Sam thunders, entering the room. What he sees really confuses him. There's a guy that looks just like him, talking with Ruby while leaning against a wall.  He looks relaxed, she looks tense.
"Thank God," Sam whispers, whole body going lax.
"Can you feel Kali right now?"
Sam sucks in a shuddery breath that sounds more like a breathy sob.
"How do you know him?"
The suit Cas has on is nice. It looks good on him- objectively speaking, Sam doesn't want to throw himself into Cas' arms and declare undying love- and hugs his body nicely. Sam smirks. "Turn around?" Cas obliges him. "Mmm," Sam hums, "I don't know, Cas. It looks a little tight around your butt. You might be able to get away with it, though. I'd ask Dean what he thinks."
"Yeah, go ahead."
"Five minutes, Sam. That's all I need."
"Sure. We've been married sixteen years, as of next month. And his debt is almost paid off, so that'll be my gift this year. Then next year we can get a house together."
Sam holds his cocoa close, a tiny smile on his face. "This feels familiar, too. If not for the fact that Gabriel isn't here and Dean is in the next room, this would feel just like an Omega Night."
"Before I threw myself into Hell I made you both promise me you would let me in here. You can't be here, Cas! If they find out that they can get out, do you know what they'll do? What they'll do to me?" The question is rhetorical, so Sam barrels on, "and one of them has already seen you! Cas, they won't let you go. You have to leave, and leave now!"
Dean looks lost. "I don't- you act like that's special. I just did what I needed to do. Sammy just needed someone to care for him. He was a baby! He didn't ask to be brought up by a drunk man consumed by revenge. And he needed me. He just-" Dean's voice trails off as he turns toward Sam again. "He needed me. And he still does," he finishes quietly, and Lucifer has the feeling that he wasn't meant to hear that.
"Yes. Because I'll give you whatever you want if you walk away from this." His jaw clenches and unclenches minutely. "Name your price."
"It's only teasing if I don't intend to follow through."
"What is this, Cas, twenty questions?"
"No, no, no! Whatever you're thinking, no," Lucifer says frantically. "I just meant that I should've asked if you wanted me to kiss you, first."
"Lucifer loves to talk about the two of you," Lilith informs them as she shakes their hands. "Cas, Lucifer told us you're thinking of becoming a doctor?"
Michael finally leaps onto the stand and pounds his brother's back until his airway is clear. Because Sam's watching closely, he sees Lucifer say, 'You are so dead' the second his airway is clear.
Cas hurries down the hall, hoping he can get Jack before he wakes Claire. He pushes open the door, only to freeze when he notices a dark figure standing in the room, already lifting Jack out of the crib. "DEAN!" he yells, rushing forward to throw the stranger back, away from his baby.
"The answer is no. I'm not telling you where we are. I'm trying to sleep so please, just let me sleep."
"Then what happened? How did I win against you?"
"As nice as that sounds, Sam needs to be our priority."
.....................................................................................
"I'm Dean."
Lucifer had nodded. He held Sam's hand so Sam knew he wasn't alone, but Sam hadn't woken up. Today is more of the same. The same nurse comes in and fiddles with the IVs, giving a small smile to Lucifer. "Do you need anything?"
The wedding itself is exactly as Sam had seen when Gabriel showed it to him. There's plenty of sand, and they are all barefoot. You can hear the crash of the ocean in the background. Sam's dressed in a classical black suit, with a green tie-very similar to what Dean wore days earlier. Lucifer is in light grey with a pale blue tie. And Gabriel is in dark purple, some sort of atrocious number he apparently picked up at Kohl's that literally has pineapples stitched onto it in yellow, with a bright yellow tie. It's hideous. And terribly Gabriel, and Sam honestly loves it just for that. There's also bamboo chairs for all of their guests, and the tables for the reception really do have fishbowls on them, just because it really really pissed Michael off.
"D**n it!" Sam complains to Lucifer as they approach Stull Cemetery. "This place is crawling with angels!"
"Oh, they're having twins."
Hours pass before Sam moves. He's been curled into the tight little ball for too many hours, and he uncurls to stretch his arms behind his head, spine readjusting with obnoxious cracks. He tosses his neck, loud popping sounds accompanying the movement.
"Well look what we've got here! An Omega going into heat!"
Cas and Dean are 17
"Yes! No! I don't know," Sam exclaims, exasperated. "It's just- I've always known it was impossible. He'd never have feelings for me, especially not after I told him I didn't want to be friends. Back then I thought it was weird, now I'd do anything to be good friends again."
"Phenomenal," Gabriel whines, flopping back down onto Sam and thrusting the pillow Lucifer hit him with over his face.
They talk for a while about nothing before Lucifer finally says, "So how is Sam?"
Cas is by their side in an instant, fingertips glowing with blue light as he touches Sam. The light travels through Sam's body and returns to Cas with a zap. He frowns, brow creasing, and sends the light again.
"Shut the f*ck up," Jensen whispers back once he's done laughing.
"He did what?" Dean asks.
Unbeknownst to his fiance, Sam had stormed out to the Impala and crawled inside. He pulls his phone out and jabs contact information for Dean, tapping his fingers against the dashboard anxiously while waiting for Dean to answer. When he finally does, he says, "I'm in the Impala. I need to talk to you."
Lucifer nods. "As always," he responds lowly with an easy-going smile.
"Thanks Michael!"
"We've missed you too, sweetie!"
Sam follows Lucifer out to his car and sits next to him. Lucifer asks him about school, and that's all it takes- he's painting pictures in the air, hands waving wildly as he talks. Through it all, Lucifer watches him and listens, carries on the conversation by asking questions or for more information with a fond little smile on his face.
Over the past few days, ever since Bobby's wedding, Sam has started to think there's something off about Gabriel. He doesn't crack jokes like he used to, and he doesn't ever call Sam anything other than his name. Plus, Sam's nightmares have gotten much worse again- he almost fell asleep during Lilith, Azazel, and Ruby's wedding. If not for Michael, who realized he was nodding off and kicked him, he probably would have fallen asleep.
The doctor closes the door, seeming to decide to stay a bit longer. Probably so he can kill Cas.
"Oh, right, sorry. Healthy stuff, I remember." Gabriel snaps his fingers and suddenly Sam has a green smoothie similar to the one he had for breakfast the day of the food fight.
Sam nods. "He told me."
"He's transitioning," Ruby replies.
"An outcast, rejected by the others. I have lived here in solitude for millennia, but my time of suffering draws to its end."
"No, seriously. What the h**l?"
"What's wrong, Dad?" Ben asks innocently.
"No way!" Sam protests, causing Gabriel to cackle.
Lucifer frowns. "No. But like she said, you're getting better."
"Heaven claims most everything. We get the 'truly evil', based on our discretion, and those who make deals at the crossroads," Azazel answers.
Sam follows him down the hallway, trying not to feel suspicious. Lucifer opens a door and Sam enters, then stops with a gasp. "Oh!" Lucifer has made a wonderful library. There's a small fireplace with a nice-looking leather chair next to it. A desk is tucked unobtrusively under a small window. And the library itself is...there aren't words for it. The entire room is lined in books, enough that you need a ladder to reach some of them. Sam has never seen a library this large in his life, and now there's one in his house.
Dean makes a gagging noise, and Sam looks up, startled. "Dean, you okay? Is it a witches' hex bag?"
"Yeah it was."
Sam shrugs. "Sorry."
"That's an order, Dr. Winchester."
"As a wise, grumpy old man once told me and Dean, family doesn't end in blood."
Lucifer turns his phone on after class and it goes nuts as several text messages load at once. He starts reading, then calls Uriel immediately. There's no response. He growls and dials again.
"No, it's just false contractions."
He's cut off by a loud groan from Sam. "Shut up," Sam mumbles. "Just shut up. You're always running your mouth." He flips over onto his stomach, punches the pillow twice, and flops back down.
Lucifer takes a deep breath. "Yeah. Sometimes I want what Michael has so badly. But I'm luckier than most. I know who my mate is, I've just been waiting for him for a very long time."
The baby puts his fingers in his mouth as he stares at Cas. Then he points over at the fridge. Michael carries him over. Samandriel jabs a drool-covered finger at the fridge. "Yes, that's Uncle Cas right there. Who's in the picture with him?"
Dean says nothing as Sam follows him out, at least not until they get to the lobby. "So I was thinking I'd sleep in Baby tonight. You can join, if you want."
"Yeah! So, drinks tonight?"
"I'm not a demon."
Cas & Dean are 16
"Well, I left the house now, I'm studying in the college's library here. But I'm the only person, the librarian just left for the night. Cas is at home with Dean. I had to call Dean in from vacation, he was about an hour away. I stayed with Cassie until he got to our house. Mom and Dad are away at some conference right now, and Gabe was at Kali's again. And of course I texted you big bad college boys who left home to update you."
Sam grabs his arm as he walks away. "No. Michael and Cas are dealing with it."
"You didn't!" Lucifer mutters flatly.
"I'm not going back to bed. I already had a nightmare, the hour I got is going to have to suffice."
"Hey!" Sam cries, affronted. "Cas!"
"People do talk, it's how they have conversations," Cas states matter-of-factly.
"Oh. EW! Did not need to know that!"
Adam makes a shooing motion behind his back and Lucifer takes the hint, walking away. He tugs Cas with him, though Cas is looking at both men with concern in his eyes. Adam tells him, "It won't help. Sam, you won't get any peace if you pull that trigger now. They'll resurrect you, and they'll only be angry. You won't stop them, you'll make it worse."
"I'll shoot you," Sam tells him, knowing it's an empty threat as soon as he says it.
"They do?"
"Ah, if it isn't Moose and Squirrel," Crowley greets them.
Cas and Dean exchange a look. Cas was a bit of an early bloomer at the age of 16, but for Sammy to hit his first heat at the age of 13 is very unusual. Most Omega's bodies don't mature until a bit later. Poor Sammy is just an early bloomer.
"Which one is Lucifer? Isn't that the mated one?" John speaks up. "Because there's a name for folks like that, Sammy, and that name is 'homewrecker'. Do NOT be a homewrecker."
(See the end of the chapter for
In a clearing up ahead Sam's fake offense is battling desperately with Dean's team. "Fall back!" Sam bellows. "I've got the flag!" John goes tearing past him, fighting Lilith as she tries to get to Sam. Sam's running like a madman, especially because he can hear Dean yelling up ahead. A second later, it becomes clear why. Lucifer is coming from the other direction, and has a flag all of his own. Michael's tailing him, sword ready for battle, and Dean's on the other side with Charlie. Sam doesn't let any of them distract him. He's determined to win, to get to the river before Lucifer. He soaks his jeans as he plows through, lowering his shoulder so he slams into Lucifer. He knocks him out of the river and onto the bank, toppling over on top of him.
Cas and Dean are 20
Sam, Dean, and Cas exchange a look. "Hard to say for sure," Dean finally says, and the other two agree.
An indeterminate amount of time passes. After a while, they start trickling back in, angels, demons, and humans alike. Balthazar is the first to offer a report, coming to Michael with a hand over his chest and a sharp bow. "Bobby was taken."
"Guess we know who the gay one is," Lucifer mutters. He makes eye contact with his brother and snickers.
"Oh Sammy, I don't know. It sounds like a wonderful opportunity, but I'm not sure about your school taking you so far away. You are the only Omega on your debate team, after all."
"I'm feeling good, Michael. Very calm and peaceful, now that Gabriel is no longer putting condoms in my jacket."
Sam frowns at himself in the mirror once more before going back to the dressing room. The next four outfits don't look nice either, so soon he's back out in the waiting area.
"Chuck mentioned world peace."
"Sounds like a TV show."
"No," Dean answers evenly, "but it does bother me that everyone thinks I should be bothered by it."
"Good night Dean. Happy birthday. Angels are watching over you."
"First off, you're two years older than me. I was five when I fell out of that tree, you shouldn't have been watching me to begin with. That was Mom and Dad's fault. Balthazar nearly drowned in the pool in front of all of us, you're not the only one responsible for him. Any one of us could have and should have noticed him. Uriel didn't listen and ran out in the street, that's why he nearly got hit," Lucifer states calmly and matter-of-factly. "As to Gabriel and Castiel, both of them came out none the worse for wear. In fact, I think if you call them right now, they will both tell you you'll be a great Dad." He holds out his own cellphone. "Actually, go outside and call them both right now. Tell them you're having a baby and ask what they think."
Meg wasn't kidding when she said Lucifer was waging war. There are angels and demons everywhere Sam looks, as far as his eyes can see. It's difficult to tell who's winning, but his friend certainly seem to be holding their own. Gabriel and Lucifer are battling Raphael together, pressing their two-person advantage and keeping him off balance. Cas is whipping around in the air, spiraling as he battles Metatron. Sam can't see Michael anywhere.
"Castiel, is there a reason why you are fighting Anna?" Michael questions, pinching the bridge of his nose in a universal 'I am completely fed up' signal.
Dean's battle is equally unimpressive, which Sam thinks is odd considering this guy is supposed to be one of the highest angels, but he's thankful that he's unhurt. Now all that's left is the fight against Michael.
"I am the Head of the Operating Room. I am the best surgeon you could intern under. And I have picked you to intern under me. So show up tomorrow, on time, listen and learn from me, and keep your sass to a minimum in front of others. Do you understand?"
Dean runs into the room, growling ferociously as he confronts the intruder. Cas flips on the lights, and Dean's growl aborts with a startled, "Sammy?" falling from his lips instead.
"Well what is it? The only BJ I know is B.J. Novak from 'Parks and Rec'. Dean introduced me to the character one day because he mentioned how ironic it was that the man shared the last name as my vessel Jimmy. They're not related though, I checked. And since slavery is illegal, I'm fairly certain Michael did not promise to get Dean a human. Plus, even if he did, I feel Dean would be morally opposed to that."
"Michael! Get your brat out of my house!"
"Well it's a good thing it's not your wedding then."
If looks could kill, Sam would be dead. "I made you promise you would not fight them," scolds Cas.
Dean leans against the wall and groans, low in his throat. "Everything hurts," he mutters.
Standing up to get out of the tub proves to be a huge mistake. His stomach cramps angrily, letting him know it's not happy with the position change. Considering the half-gallon of ice cream in his stomach, he winds up kneeling in front of the toilet vomiting the entire contents of his stomach into the porcelain bowl. When he finally gets up again he's in tears, eyes burning from the strength of the stomach cramps and vomiting. He staggers over to the medicine cabinet and grabs the thermometer, finally realizing he's sick.
"I grew up with your future husbands. They are both trouble, which must mean you are, too," she informs him.
"Was," Lucifer agrees. He unwraps one for himself, then dangles it out in front of Sam. "You want it? Come get it." Sam bites for it, lunging so he's forced to catch himself before he faceplants into Lucifer's crotch. Lucifer yanks it away and holds it between his teeth, eyes dancing.
In the dead silence that follows, Gabriel's, "Oh Father, you broke him," is very loud.
"Over my dead body," Uriel replies, posturing aggressively.
Sam, Dean, and Cas take off Tuesday and Wednesday so they get to Michael's house in time for dinner Thursday night. The school accepts it as an educational opportunity to see sites around the continental U.S.; Bobby is glad Dean is taking a vacation, and the restaurant Cas works at is paying him PTO for the trip.
Gabriel's looking distinctly teary when he nods. He clears his throat, scrubs at his eyes, and smiles at the Winchesters. Sam reaches out, drawing him close with an arm around his waist and nestling him into his side. They stand like that until the oldest two whip back around, ending in front of the Winchesters with a dramatic dip.
"Bi**h," Dean replies. "Oh and Sam? I'm not covering for you with Lucifer."
Lucifer drops alongside him. "Sam, listen to me," he begins rationally, "you need to calm down. You're hyperventilating." No response. "Sam, can you hear me?" Sam nods, still hyperventilating. "Can you give me your hand?" The fire on his right hand goes out as he extends his hand to Lucifer. Lucifer puts it palm-down onto his stomach. "Breathe with me, Sam." Lucifer sucks in a long breath, listening to Sam copy him. Sam's breath stutters out, so Lucifer releases his own and takes another deep breath. This time, Sam copies him perfectly.
"Mom!" Sam yells as he blasts through the door after school. "You will not believe this!"
Gabriel rolls so he is on top of Lucifer, then conjures up his own pillow. "Any last words?" he questions cheekily before hitting Lucifer.
"Spectacularly bad."
The students look to Balthazar and say something quickly.
"No, but what town?"
Once out of the room, he heads straight to Castiel's room. His father had given him an assignment, and whether he meant to do it now or not, Lucifer intends to find something Cas is good at and call it out in him. The baby is playing in his room with his twin.
The brothers leave together, shutting the door firmly behind them. Sam rolls out from beneath the bed, brushing dust off his front. He grabs his blanket combo and dusts that off too. He hides that in the stairwell before setting off to find a new place to sleep tonight.
Dean, who is putting the ice cold stuff Cas brought onto his brother, takes this opportunity to toss an ice cream novelty at Michael's head. "Eat this, it'll cool you down," he says casually when Michael shoots him a look.
"Did they graduate from Lawrence High?"
Gabriel sticks his tongue out at Michael's back as he walks away.
The walls start rumbling, closing in. Clowns start coming out of the walls like something you'd expect out of a low-budget horror film. Sam runs through them, making the walls close in faster. The clowns reach for him, but he ducks. A new corridor springs up, and he hustles down it.
"And look how well that turned out. I'm just not cut out for it, that's all. Besides, I won't do like Bobby did, buy a house and become a waystation for hunters. I need to be out there, not on the phone all the time!"
Both boys laugh together, a maniacal, hair-raising laugh. "I await you, Sam Winchester," they speak monotonously. Whatever vision they saw stops, and both boys pant together for a moment before they open their eyes.
"I was. Same as you were, apparently. We've all been resurrected to watch my sons get married."
Crowley glares at him. "Would you rather him find out when his father dies, and launch a revolt against the kingdom he's leading?"
"Or what? What will you do?" Lucifer demands.
"Castiel Winchester?" Cas bolts to his feet, nail ten saved for now. He follows the nurse back to an empty waiting room and waits for her to take his vitals and leave before nail ten meets its end.
"Okay, okay," Dean interrupts again. Sam knows him well enough to realize he's getting agitated at the idea of marrying Michael, which is consequently making him ruder than usual. "So I'm to marry Michael. What else?"
"I'm pregnant, not useless!"
"Yeah, yeah I do. So, what about you, Sam? You find that lucky person yet?"
"Lucifer, they don't know if he'll make it. He's pretty bad off. I'm so sorry."
"Because you don't!"
"I said no. It's my body, I should be able to tell them when I want to. And I'm not going to yet."
"Well, first off, I'm certain I locked the door," Cas begins.
"Wouldn't you?"
"D*mn it! I wanted to reach forty-four!" Misha exclaims, stomping his foot like a child.
"I think he'd rather you just be honest about why you're nervous. He's not a mind-reader."
"And we're not. But if you say 'yes' to me, I can show you how I feel. How I've always felt. I kept it from you before, and you felt the wall but didn't even realize it. I can take it down."
"I don't like the idea of that," Sam says bluntly.
"I've got the table," Michael states, and hands off his credit card. "Thank you for the wonderful service."
"Okay," Cas agrees, yanking legos to himself and playing with them.
Gabriel smiles. "Thank you."
Complaining to himself, Cas stumbles over to the small dresser. He yanks his clothes in angrily, cursing Dean and the early morning in equal measure under his breath.
Dean jerks away from the black-haired figure in front of him. "Jimmy?" he parrots anxiously.
"I TRIED TO KILL YOU!"
"Adam?" Lucifer echoes, sneering. "Half-Winchester, half-monkey Adam?" He advances slowly. "I'm going to kill you, little boy."
"I missed one, I missed a heat!"
"Rowena, I need to talk to you," Lucifer calls. "Sam's acting weird, can you see if he's been cursed?"
"She tried to stab me first!"
Once they finally break apart for air, Dean says, "Now that I'm able to do that, I really don't think I'll want to stop."
Sam shrugs. "Dunno. You'd mourn for a while, I guess. Take comfort from each other. And get over it eventually."
" 'As, 'As!" Samandriel declares eagerly, kicking his feet. " 'As, Daddy!"
"I'm teasing. What's wrong?"
"That's fine, we'll figure out a way around them. Remember, we can't kill them, but we can use angel banishing sigils."
"What?"
"No thanks!" the table choruses as one.
"How do I do that?"
"No, Dean. Yes, of course you!"
Sam gasps and jerks awake as Lucifer's grace heals him. "Hey. So I've been thinking, you're kinda cute. We should get married."
Lucifer is silent for a beat before asking, "Did everyone know Bal was getting mated besides me?"
"No! He did get inside your head, didn't he? How could you not know the depth of what he felt?"
"Surprised you're not on the ground."
"You're making Sam uncomfortable," observes Lucifer.
"Sam, that's not healthy." Seeing Sam has no idea what he's talking about, he says, "You can't just let him decide everything in the relationship, especially if you disagree with him."
And this is all too much, too fast, and Dean isn't even here, and Sam isn't out of danger and Cas is not pushing these babies out when he has other things to do. "No! I need Dean!"
And Benny’s right. The feel of Dean’s mouth on him, when he reaches his target, is… heavenly, is probably what a human would say. Cas knows better. This is way better than anything Heaven can offer. There’s nothing Cas has experienced in his millennia long life that can measure up to this, to Dean being so eager to please him, licking and sucking and humming his pleasure around Cas’s cock.
