“Ye-yeah,” The shorter man stuttered. His face reddened at how close Steve was. He could feel the heat radiating off the other man and the fact that he was tending to Tony so gently set his insides on fire. Steve continued to gingerly wrap Tony’s wounds in bandages, oblivious to his predicament.
, before he became alarmed. “Did he hurt you? Are you bleeding?” Steve ran his hands frantically over Tony’s body, trying to find the release hatch.
“-ony! Tony!” Tony suddenly felt himself scooped up in familiar muscular arms that were very very warm, and held against a broad chest. “.. St-Steve..?” He called out weakly.
“Hammer, we need to talk.” Steve dropped his tray heavily onto the table the footballers were eating at, Thor by his side. “I am watching you. One more strike from you and you’re off the team.”
“Well I am feeling a bit faint. Would my dear Captain carry me to the Quinjet?” Tony shot Steve an entirely too adorably mischievous smile.
“I didn’t punch him for no reason, Tony. He was spouting all these mean things about you that weren’t true, and I couldn’t take it anymore. He isn’t that good at football either. I bet you would be twice the player he was.“
“But he hurt you, Tony. I can’t let that happen to you again.” Steve whispered, watching as Tony’s face reddened.
“If you aren’t going to feed yourself, then you are going to have to deal with me coming down here to eat with you.” Steve chastised him, holding a sandwich out.
Tony turned his head and blinked sleepily at Steve, who grinned fondly back. “I don’t want to drool on you though,”
“Captain Rogers has been sitting outside your lab for nearly 3 hours demanding to be let in. I suggest you listen to what he has to say, sir.” If an Artificial Intelligence could sound disapproving, this was it.
“Okay, I get your point. Let’s go,” Steve opened the door despite Tony still blocking it, and peeked out, checking the corridor.
This was heartbreaking to write as I had to watch the scene again. :( I hope I did it justice and thank you for reading, hope you enjoyed it.
After that incident, Tony would occasionally fling his hand out to find his tools replaced by various foods, or sometimes even utensils, and he’ll turn to see his favourite blond sitting on the couch (now branded “Steve’s couch”) beaming at him, with similar foods on hand.
Tony watched, speechless, as his Captain carefully cleared a space on his work table, taking out a variety of sandwiches and two bottles of water.
“I do? Why didn’t you tell me earlier?” Tony swiveled his chair around and spotted Bruce smiling sheepishly from the doorway. “Dinner’s ready, Tony. Steve made sandwiches and he asked me to call you up. He’s worried you haven’t eaten since our last meal 2 days ago.”
Tony braced for the laser’s impact; what he did not brace for, was a wall of muscle flying into him, which was exactly what happened. Both of them tumbled onto the ground in a mess of limbs, barely missing the small girl who Nat managed to pick up before scurrying off to safety.
The two spies began to chuckle silently, as Tony let out a surprised yelp, completely ignoring the brunet’s disgruntled stare.
“Doesn’t he have to go return the stones so that the other timeline isn’t doomed or something?” There was a pause and Tony thought it was the end of it, before FRIDAY spoke up again.
“What?” Tony whined exasperatedly even though he made no resistance as Steve pulled him along. “We just left SHIELD medical!”
Pale blue eyes watched the cheery brunette through the window’s blinds. He was enraptured as he watched the figure speak to someone else in the room, mahogany brown curls bouncing as she moved. He felt a rush of emotions: nostalgia, surprise, curiosity, but most astonishingly, he did not feel love.
“Those are simply rumours, my dear Captain. You yourself know that they can’t be trusted, unless I am to believe you have inappropriate relations with Lady Carter,” Thor pat Steve’s back reassuringly, shooting him a friendly smile.
Steve sighed, the screwdriver Tony dropped in his hand, his signature “I am not angry, just disappointed” look on his face. Damn, Tony hated that look.
time travel. It’s just that I get a little stupid when it comes to you. After all these years, I still can't believe I landed
her. It was for you, Shell-head. I was wondering why looking at her didn’t give me feelings that I used to get, but I already knew the answer. It is because I’m so completely irrevocably in love with you. When you walked into the room, I was already thinking of you, which was why I was smiling. Now, do you understand?” Steve knocked his partner on the head lightly. “For a genius, you can be pretty stupid.”
They were barely a quarter into the movie when Tony’s eyelids begun to droop, and he struggled to stay awake.
you to stay alive and it kills me every time I see you do it. I don’t want to have to wonder if you’re going to make it out of every battle alive or if I have to bring you back in a body bag dammit.”
“Hey, your face is red. Are you catching a cold?” Steve asked, worried blue eyes scanning the brunet’s blushing face. He brought one hand up to gently brush Tony’s face, completely oblivious to the fact that the other man was close to spontaneous combustion.
,” Steve took Tony’s hand in his free one, kissing his knuckles for emphasis,” for anything. Not for humanity, not for Bucky, and certainly not for Peggy. I would love and take care of you for the rest of my life, if you would have me.”
“Hey babe,” Tony whispered, an eyebrow raised at the fond look on the blond’s face. “I saw you rush in here. I have the Tesseract, but we gotta bolt, I think they’re suspicious. Also, I met my dad!” He said in a rush, quelling the curiosity he had regarding Steve’s smile.
“Cap, there’s a girl standing in the middle of the street and if no one gets there fast enough, she is going to get hit by the lasers,”
“Nah, I know you were smart enough to build armour that can handle me jumping you,” Steve quipped, kissing his husband long and hard.
“Just breathe with me, Tony. Follow my breathing. Can you feel my heart, darling? I’m alive, I’m okay, and you are too. I’m here now,” Steve bundled Tony close to his body so that Tony’s head was against his heart, and Tony struggled to take deep breaths, following his love’s instructions to the best of his ability. As he mimicked the blond’s breathing pattern, Tony felt himself began to calm down.
Steve shook the thought from his head and turned around to face the front. A tall, grand dame figure in her 50’s was staring back at him from the podium. He wasn’t sure what to do as Professor Stromwell’s gaze swept over him in clear judgment of him, his clothes, and finally, his notebook.
The super-soldier duo took one weekend to clear out Steve’s private gym, sneak away to IKEA, then wait for that minor window of opportunity where Tony passed out in his lab to secret the offending budget furniture to their floor. They made sure to cover their asses by swearing JARVIS to secrecy, who agreed it was best to spare Sir the pain of knowing his prized Tower housed furniture assembled with axle wrenches and little wooden pegs. Besides, Tony fortunately had no reason to see Bucky’s bedroom; if JARVIS didn’t rat them out, he’d never have to know.
Steve didn’t speak for a long time, but Tony could practically see the wheels turning as he considered Tony’s suggested plan.
As if summoned by his obtuse sulking parade, Pepper marched into his office and dropped a small stack of important files on Tony’s desk.
Which was to say, if Steve’s kitchen was suited to anything, it was getting through pining after an unattainable crush.
Steve paused, at a loss for words. There was no right way to say goodbye. “I have to get back to dinner, Tony. Enjoy your weekend.”
“Because Colin, you’re quite into the fitness, I heard you’re quite mad on yoga,” Graham pointed out, addressing his statement to Colin Farrell on Tony’s left side. “Have you tried pilates?”
found ways to misdirect Rhodey. On one memorable occasion in Lisbon, Tony convinced Rhodey he was turning in early, then ran out to his balcony and climbed onto the stone railing so he could jump across the two meter gap into Steve’s arms. Steve vehemently rejected the dumbest possible plan he'd ever heard of even as Tony took the final leap, but nothing would have stopped him from catching his reckless sweetheart and hauling him to the safety of his room where he could take out his shock of adrenaline on Tony’s hide. When Steve woke up the next morning, Tony was gone and one of his bedroom doors had been taken off its hinges to serve as a bridge between their balconies.
But 007 was a professional, and unlike his Steve, who had barely lasted a few minutes their first time together, Bond was still actively unraveling Belova. If she was on her second orgasm at the start of the performance, Bond had yet to even the score in the twenty minutes Tony and all around him had been listening. The realization left Tony huffing a laugh of relief and rolling his eyes at his damn lizard brain. Bond was a professional, an accomplished assassin and a willing whore for the crown. There was no question which man was better, not for Tony: he would choose his Steve any day. The way Steve treated Tony made him feel special and adored, a desirable, intoxicating lover unlike anyone Steve had met. And he did it without the lies and tricks that Bond used to attract the men and women he bedded.
Fury glanced around the table of ashen faces. “In the absence of any alternatives,” he finally muttered, “so be it.”
Whether someone had told Steve about his insistence on being back that night, or if he simply felt the same, he re-settled his arms around Tony’s middle to press in closer, unwilling to let him go yet.
“Steve?” he whispered, but when he squeezed Steve’s hand to get his attention, Steve jerked his hand away like it had been burned.
This time, Steve wasn’t as kind. A quick glance down at the display told him his job was 70 percent done. Rather than pulling out and allowing Tony a moment’s rest, Steve reached for the hidden controls and turned off the option for vibrations. In their place, Steve turned up the option for ridges and knobs. So soon after his second orgasm, and with the canister already buried so deep inside his body, Tony gave a strangled cry when he felt the uneven knobs knuckle up inside of him, and his body bowed off the bed.
“It's not him, Buck,” Steve said with a sigh. The interdepartmental task force pulled together for this investigation had officially been turned over to him forty hours ago, and Steve needed to finish delegating responsibilities and familiarizing himself with update memos before he could get to his own part of the investigation.
“Hello, hi,” he said and shook Steve and Tony’s hands in turn. His skin was clammy and his grip cautious, but he shuffled some papers in his hands, regrouped, and took his seat. “Sorry, traffic, and all these rooms end up—anyway, whatever. Hi, my name is Chris, and I’m with Bark Magazine, the coolest dog magazine ever, where Dog is my co-pilot.”
Tony looked up at him, wide-eyed. Tears were bright in his eyes, but his lips curved up with a hopeful smile of disbelief. He didn’t move or speak for so long Steve assumed Tony had mistaken his words as a hallucination, and he was just about to say something when Tony touched his forehead to Steve’s.
Steve and Tony could still be seen through the window panels, but at least there they could speak unheard. In the cramped legroom, Steve kneeled down at Tony’s feet. He got his arms around Tony’s body, and Tony bent to cradle as much of Steve as he could, desperate to hide his face against his husband’s neck for comfort.
“Yeah, alright, dad,” Tony replied after a quick glance at Steve, not that Tony’s was anything but a mystery to Steve.
A week passed in silence, and 006 was officially declared MIA, presumed dead. In the same time, Tony, Sam, and Bucky helped 008 safely extract an NSA agent and install himself with the AWB for a long-op.
Tony glared at the other man and shoved himself up to his feet. He had better things to do than listening to a back-stabbing friend.
Steve put his phone away once he sent his last message, happy to avoid the whirlwind of Tony’s last minute guessing spree. He pulled his boots on, then straightened to adjust his thong.
Steve nodded slowly, doing his best to keep his commentary to himself this time. “Yes, and they have for over two hundred years.”
“After hospitals and rails the priority must be mental health services,” Steve reminded him gently. “All Terrini men and women over the age of five are dealing with trauma from the war, and few have the resources or time to seek help. Some may not even recognize their need.”
“Sure,” Steve said while casually smothering his least favorite friend. It took him a minute to realize he was still wearing his sweats from their sparring an hour ago. “Or, or how about ten minutes?”
“Rogers, if you’re deported, you cannot work for an American company,” Fury told him, “so until this is resolved, I will be turning operations over to Sitwell.”
Tony’s laughter calmed then, his expression warming with a smile Steve hadn’t seen before, and somehow, over the inexplicable gallop of his own heartbeat, Steve heard Tony’s answer.
“You know, there’s a good chance I love you, too. Once I find you,” Steve told him as they worked together to free Tony again. Tony’s smile only grew wider, and the moment he could, he reached for Steve by the collar of his t-shirt and pulled him down for a kiss.
The rest of Tony’s Friday passed without incident. That night he picked up two kebabs on his way home, heavy on the garlic sauce. Tony was not moving from his damn bed until Saturday - he was going to eat both his kebabs, finish the last of the whiskey from the BYOPNB, and watch classic episodes of Columbo until his eyes closed.
Tony wouldn’t let that weigh on his mind. He straightened his back, pushed his shoulders back, and held his chin high, and with deliberate confidence, he told the Scraps, “Steve Rogers is not to go without me, I am his ward and his mentor. It is my duty to ensure his safety and integration into society. Besides, as Steve Rogers suggests,” he added with a little smirk, “I have matched your meat.”
Even Bucky had called once, but instead of leaving a voicemail he’d sent two text messages. ‘I’m not gay but I get it,’ the first one said, followed quickly by, ‘Does that mean you work for me now??’
“Give yourself thirty percent,” Steve said offhandedly as he pulled the boots on, far more concerned with how they would look with his jeans than the cost. “Do… do the jeans go inside or over?”
He cleared his throat, and really did his best to keep a straight face. “Well. She’s not wrong about that, kiddo.”
“What?” Steve finally asked, looking from Clint to Tony. He was sure he was missing some important piece of the conversation, but he was also sure he didn’t like where any of this was headed. “Tony, what’s going on?”
Left without a choice, Steve gathered up his notebook and satchel and strode out of the room with his head held high. Whatever anyone else thought of him, whatever they thought he was worth, he wouldn’t give them the satisfaction of seeing him broken by the pain of their rejection.
“You don’t have to feel the same,” he finished quietly, wanting so badly to hide now that Tony wouldn’t stop looking at him. God, he really should have thought this through—what if this is the end of their friendship? He’d sprung this on Tony as casually as a question about where they should go to dinner, what had he been thinking?
“A cave like this should not be so empty,” Clint pointed out once Tony’s torch flickered and died in a gust of smoke, slowing their pace to nearly a halt. “We should turn back. Only a predator could live here undisturbed.”
“Couldn’t you ask him more difficult questions?” Tony said with a pout, nuzzling at Star-Lord even as he reached out to rub Violet’s soft ears.
“I’d love to see him try,” Steve laughed, but he sat up in bed to face Tony. He kept his distance at first, allowing Tony some semblance of security. “Listen, I know it’s not easy, but I am what your people would call an alien. You’re not in your galaxy anymore,” he explained, speaking slowly so Tony wouldn’t be lost. “I will take care of you. You never have to worry about disappointing your sire or anyone else again. And if you let me, I will make you feel more pleasure than you’ve ever felt before.”
That was usually when she would march back out of the office, but this time, she stood where she was, watching him expectantly. Tony could probably have continued sitting in his chair for some time just to piss her off, but he was pretty sure that if there was anyone more stubborn on the planet than he, it was
Steve hadn’t been turned down in years, in decades. More specifically, he hadn’t been turned down since he was a skinny little runt who felt too faint to speak around attractive people. Back then, he had only had enough circulation for one function at a time.
“You were supposed to dump me by date three,” Tony told him then, with an unusual calm. “You were supposed to get mad. You were supposed to curse me out; call me selfish, ungrateful.”
“Show me what you’re willing to do with me in this bed first, then we date,” he whispered in a low, indecent moan, wetting his bottom lip with a slow, sensual sweep of his tongue.
“No—well,” Tony cleared his throat, and if Steve didn’t know any better, he’d swear Tony was blushing. “That was different. I thought… it’d be fun to build something. With you.”
In the momentary pause when Tony turned the page, the silence was filled with a quiet huff of a snore. Surprised, Tony looked down to find Seamus had closed his eyes, and was snoring shamelessly.
“I understand you’re hurting, angel, but no man is worthy of taking your happiness from you,” she said quietly.
“So let’s focus on that,” Steve suggested and walked over to Bucky’s desk with his notes from the night before. “Tony’s been—”
“Impressive. What do you do?” he asked while they wandered up to the counter to order. Steve hung back a little, familiar enough with the menu not to have to read it.
It wasn’t long before law felt less like a foreign language and more like a puzzle with its four corners stitched together. All Steve had to do was take his time and fill in the middle, one jigsaw piece at a time.
“One could be more subtle about fishing for compliments, my love,” Tony teased, and when Steve let go of the sour memories enough to smile back at him, Tony rewarded him with a soft, adoring kiss over his heart.
Tony didn’t flinch, he didn’t blink. He watched Steve as if he expected to see a sign that he was joking any second.
It wasn’t long before Steve found his spot. Tony blinked his eyes open and sucked in a sudden gasping breath, watching Steve with tears in his eyes. Distantly, he prayed it was an accident, that Steve had only brushed against it by coincidence. But the way Steve was bent to his task, he was handling Tony’s body like a master at his instrument. His hands were everywhere, but never rushed or unsatisfying: his lubed palm rolled Tony’s balls wet and squeezed just hard enough to distract Tony from noticing when his other hand smoothed across his chest to pinch his other nipple, hard. How he managed to inflict such pain with only his fingers Tony couldn’t understand; his whole body arched and twisted, and he was still whimpering when Steve took him deep in his throat, gagging himself so his throat constricted around the length of Tony’s cock. Tony had nearly no air left when the orgasm tore through him, and breathlessly he cried out Steve’s name, fisting his hair desperately as his eyes rolled back into his head with overwhelming pleasure.
“Wait,” he interrupted Tony in the most casual voice uttered in the history of human speech. “You. So, you and Channing ...broke up?”
“Hey, Steve,” Tony said with forced cheer, reaching for his hand when Steve sat down across the table. “What’s on your mind, darling?”
In a place so foreign and different from anything he’d known, he had friends in his peer group and an ally among the faculty. There was no telling how any of this would shake out, but Steve could live with that. Good people were reaching out to let him know he wasn’t alone, and for now - for Steve - that was enough.
The line was quiet for a while before Steve moaned to himself and tried to explain. “There’s nothing specific… I like taking my time, but fantasy? I have one. It’s… um, there’s something about rushing, for me. When you don’t even take your clothes off, you need it so badly that you’ll… you unzip and fuck. Fuck anyone willing. They’ll spread their legs, want it so bad, like your skin’s crawling and your body’s aching and all you need is a hard, fast fuck.”
Tony never congratulated Steve on his exceedingly suave rendition of A Casual Man Asking a Question in Repose, but in his defense, his gaze turned distant, and even though he sat across the table from Steve, Steve could see the moment Tony’s thoughts carried him off somewhere mournful and upsetting.
“She’s been asking; she can’t really travel much anymore, or I think she’d have been up to see you already. But if it’s too soon, I’m not in a rush. That’s a promise, okay? If you need next year on your own in Manhattan, that’s okay.”
But like the selfish dick he was, Tony closed his fist around Steve’s dog tags. Nobody would take them from him.
“Let’s go, Tony. Guess you’ve got your work cut out for you,” Steve said with a wry smile, grabbing his jacket and fishing out the car keys to be sure they were set. “I’ll drive.”
Knowing that Tony’s dad and brother would soon be making another appearance was enough to make Steve shudder, so when Tony guided him to sit, Steve followed his lead blindly, sitting down carefully while trying to maintain his bearings. By the time he regrouped, Tony was bundling him up in a warm, patchwork quilt out of a nearby basket.
They were minutes from their suite, minutes from having absolute privacy to enjoy their time together uninterrupted. A security attendant could notice them on the cameras at any second, or a housekeeper might turn the corner on their way to the elevator and see them. Every passing moment increased their chance of getting caught.
“They don’t all look like me and you,” Steve warned him before they left his home for the first time. “Only a few of us do; that’s why we’re hired to visit your kind by—what did you call it?”
“You look awful,” Steve mumbled in a deep, gravelly voice, and without looking up or taking his sunglasses off, Tony huffed in tired amusement.
Tony operated on instincts he had never truly know he had. Steve stayed close and they fought back to back, partly to protect each other, but just as importantly, in part so that Tony would not be distracted by the miraculous acrobatic maneuvers Steve thrived on in battle.
Lights flashed before his eyes as the shell exploded not a dozen yards away from him. Steve could smell the burning flesh long after he walked past the severed limbs and clusters of tattered organs. He heard them call his name, but he couldn’t reach them. Young men, men who had never had a chance to live, men who barely knew what they were dying for, cried out for mercy.
There was a burst of commotion as Chief Director Fury ran into the Governor’s personal office with a handful of police officers, including Bruce and Tony.
“I’ll talk to him,” Tony promised. “This would be his biggest nightmare, I’ll—I’ll talk to him. I’m sorry for whatever hurtful shit he said to you, Steve, and the invasion of privacy, he can’t—”
enough to make into a costume. He barely had his towel on still by the time he reached the door, and it only struck him that he could have asked Bruce for something when he came face to face with Tony, in a dazzling tuxedo and a porcelain half-mask.
In the end, Steve admitted to himself that at minimum, they needed to reschedule Tony’s meetings and bring in a trustworthy doctor. He only needed one person to accomplish both tasks. He called Pepper.
“Brock,” he said excitedly, and the two haughty lovebirds stopped what they were doing and looked at him. “Remember the time after Winter Formal? When we spent four incredible hours in the hot tub?”
“I’m coming, keep your pants on,” Tony drawled and climbed the stairs. Even if it wouldn’t last, he could enjoy this for what it was, right?
Too desperate to scream and fight, and too hurt to think clearly, Steve held his head in his hands, gripping fistfuls his hair while he tried to maintain his composure.
“He’s not wrong,” Steve agreed slowly, and he leaned in closer to brace his weight against the chair Tony sat in, boxing him in between his arms. “Neither of those are your strongest suit.”
“Come in,” Hawley said when Steve appeared in the doorway. The warm lighting in the room created a cozy atmosphere in the office, and Steve hovered in front of the closed office door fighting the urge to flick on more lights.
“But—my friend, do you not ever feel bored codetracing perps who break curfew and tell dirty jokes?” Tony asked fervently, his eager imagination clear in his bright eyes. “Don't you ever want
“Maybe you can explain it better, babe,” Tony said, looping his arm around Steve’s and pulling him closer to literally draw him into their discussion. “Your adult, reasonably educated friend seems to be unclear on the difference between life and death.”
“By law, yeah, you can't,” Clint agreed, snickering to himself. “But Tony sure as hell didn’t like it. He tried; nearly got mom arrested for it. Then he spent about half the vacation in the water with dolphins, and the other half trying to convince dad to buy us dolphins.”
“My computer, the hard drive, it’s all—it’s all gone, I have a back-up from weeks ago but it doesn’t have my charts or the, the video of Dum-E’s skills—”
“Steven Grant Rogers!” Sarah cried as she got over the worst of her fright, and immediately she started wiping at the photo album with her cardigan. “These are my all favorite pictures, if you’ve ruined any of them, I will put you over my knee so help me God—”
“What about their conversations?” Bucky reminded him, and Steve sat up a little straighter, as if Bucky’s question sparked an idea for him.
“Still can’t stop thinking about you on that bull last night,” Steve said quietly in the silence Tony had created. “You looked so happy. Don’t think I’ve ever seen you happier. How come you stopped competing?”
“It’s still pretty close, this way,” Tony said in a rush and took off. It wasn’t too difficult to keep up with him, and Steve found himself losing himself more and more to Tony’s concoction of wizard and muggle stories from London’s past. But sometimes, when Steve felt the urge to put his arm around Tony, to hold him close or to lean in and nuzzle at his soft hair, he was reminded of what was missing, and he would bitterly remember the boundaries between fantasy and reality.
Steve had been seventeen when he found his father’s body, cold, filthy, and forgotten in an unmarked grave among his men. There had been no time to panic or grieve. The starving desperate militia had turned to Steve for leadership, and with so many lives depending on him, Steve had managed to compartmentalize and carry on. But far from the horrors of war and with many hours to prepare, Steve never managed to find the right words to say goodbye.
Tony didn’t know whether to be touched or a little hurt that Steve had an assistant helping him plan their dates. Either way, it made him feel like dirt. While he spent his time planning ways to make Steve’s life miserable, Steve was actively trying to treat him to memorable dates.
“Captain America,” one of the tallest figures snarled. Tony instinctively drew closer to Steve, his arms already itching to pull the man behind himself.
“Hey, easy, darling,” Tony finally interrupted Steve’s quiet ramble. Steve pressed his lips together in a line, quieting himself, but Tony started combing his fingers through his hair again. “Would you look at me? Please?”
Now that stupid smile and that stupid face were on a weekend lock-down trying to get a group presentation put together for some dumb communications class. Tony had holed up in his workshop Friday through Saturday until he hit a wall, and even after an hour at the gym, he still felt bored and restless.
But Stephen wasn’t so easily distracted, and he tapped the little card with Tony’s IG post to bring his attention back to it. “And you said yes to…” he repeated with a sly, playful tone, trying one more time to get a straight answer out of Tony.
His admission burned through Tony with a devastating shock and a bitter validation at the same time. Tony
Ean gave Torin his hand, and as bidden, he rose to his feet. Torin led him to the altar, lit now only by warm candlelight, and in words too quiet for the audience to hear, commanded Ean to bend at the waist and place both hands on the warm stone. The chief priest did as he was asked, submitting to Torin’s instructions without question.
Sharon ground her teeth against the surge of irritation that threatened to overwhelm her; she counted to ten and forced down the many colorful ways she often dreamed of telling Steve she damn well knew how to do her job, and had only reached for the phone when it started to ring.
“Dad?” Tony stammered, trying to get a hold of Steve, but it was like catching steam in a net, he slipped through his fingers and evaporated from sight.
He closed the conference room door behind him and made his way around the table until he could pull a chair up for Tony to sit in again. Tony eventually complied, and Steve sat down beside him.
Tony stared at his water bottle for a few moments, pursing his lips in thought. Then, with a cautious hope, he looked up to meet Steve’s eyes.  “Did you mean it?” he asked carefully, as if the thought itself was frightening. “What you said to, uh—Dr. Odinson, about why, why you’re willing to do this? Be in a relationship with me.”
“That does sound rough,” he seconded sympathetically after his first bite. “Does he have a reason for doing it?”
“My dear Captain Steven G. Rogers, there appears to be some mistake,” he said as his VideoGram screen was split in half to display Rumlow’s rehabilitation directives. It looked nothing like what Tony had pulled up in the car only an hour ago. “My only interest in Rumlow was in the creation of an expert florist; his sensitivity to color and design is—”
“Are you kidding me?” Tony peeped, and gestured a little haplessly at Steve. “Look at him, Captain America, strong as an ox and not saying a word—”
Lust surged through Steve like a live wire, wild and uncontrollable. Desperate to taste more of this new drug, Steve fisted Tony’s hair with both hands to hold him firmly in place, devouring his mouth and swallowing his tongue, his moans, and his breath until Tony startled awake from near suffocation to shove and pound at Steve’s chest and arms for freedom.
“I have to be in Harlem Sunday afternoon,” Tony told him, “and if she isn’t available Sunday morning, why don’t you let me take you to brunch?”
If the judge found Bucky to have violated the terms of the prenuptial agreement, Hansen would walk away with seventy percent of all assets, property, and investments. From there, joint custody would be a hard-won dream. Tony would have to walk a narrow line between convincing the judge of Bucky’s innocence and without making him look like an unreliable father.
Her words snapped him out of his frozen stupor, and without a word Steve grabbed his briefcase and hurried out. His escape felt like an out of body experience - distantly, he heard Hawley demand he stop and finish their conversation, and he heard her bark at Sharon for barging in uninvited, but his legs carried him out of there of their own accord, working on instinct to get him as far from danger as possible.
“Approach maniac, and in an even firmer tone of voice repeat previous request. Conclude with the words, ‘or else.’”
But the man Steve faced in the aptly named Hall of Violence was not a mortal man. His punches were powerful enough to bruise Steve’s bones, his feet nimble enough to slip away at every turn. Steve bowled Brock to the floor with an iron cannonball, put him through a wall, and still the man wouldn’t stop. With another cannonball, Rumlow broke the floor to ceiling window of the exhibit and leapt out of his impromptu second storey exit.
Tony stared upward for a beat, wondering if he’d missed something. “That’s a little hypocritical, don’t you think?” he called back. “You’re Thor, aren’t you? God of Thunder?”
Steve frowned to himself, but found he couldn’t stop himself from asking. He needed to know. “Stark, what is screening and driving?”
“I mean, I don’t know if you’ve heard,” Tony said with the excitement of a man with a plan. “But I scored an interview with Bruce Wayne earlier this year, and he liked it so much he invited me to his annual charity ball. It’s this week, Steve. It’s the perfect opportunity: we’ll have access to everything in Wayne Tower!”
In the narrow width between the two bookshelves Tony had randomly pushed them into, Steve knelt directly behind him, so close that Tony could feel the soft gusts of his breath warming his exposed ass. Without warning or build up, Steve spread Tony’s cheeks with one hand and dove in to lick and suck at his furrowed hole as it pulsed under Steve’s mouth in Tony’s excitement. But this wasn’t the time for foreplay, and while Steve was enjoying himself and his view, Tony faced the aisle. He couldn’t help but feel the impending risk of being discovered, and while the coast was still clear, that didn’t mean it would be for long.
Behind Steve, Bucky was looking less and less angry, and a lot more uncomfortable. He cleared his throat and gently patted Steve on the shoulder. “Hey, Stevie, maybe, you know. Maybe you should be happy you got out?”
“I don’t have any children,” Ben hissed, spitting the venomous words directly at Pierce. “Because of you. I watched my wife and my nephew starve to death, because of
was still petting his hair. With sleep-heavy limbs, he twisted around onto his back to come face-to-nose with the long, grey face of his horse.
“I know you,” Carol corrected him, albeit in a more gentle tone of voice. “You were the idiot applauding and wolf whistling every time James answered a question in debate.”
“They can’t stop you from playing in Qatar just because you’re bi,” Tony tried to say, but even as the words came out of his mouth, he regretted them. Yes, they could.
Steve had the energy to help manage volunteers, but Tony stayed with the recovering survivors. Those with serious injuries were flown to hospitals in nearby cities, while those who had lost their homes in the attack were offered long-term accommodation in the nearest royal palace. Patients with minor injuries were kept overnight for observation. The emergency medical camp built around the needs of their patients was impermanent and unsuited to serious medical procedures, but it was enough for most, and rather than flooding neighboring city hospitals, the doctors of Lumine advised those who could to stay and, more importantly, spend time with their family and friends.
“And can bench press me without breaking a sweat,” Steve added, this time to the delighted shock of the audience. Steve gave them a look, as if to say ‘no, but
“I figured,” Tony said with a sigh, but then fell silent for a long time before he could continue. “I’d… I wasn’t in the best place then, honestly. I hurt my shoulder in a bad fall over a year ago, and I didn’t handle the painkillers all that well. That’s why I was in Vancouver.”
“That was the first. It will only become easier now,” Steve assured him then in a gentler tone. “Make me proud, my pet.”
A lifetime of experience shone through in Clark’s small, bittersweet smile. “I know what you mean. You deserve no less.”
“What’s wrong, darling?” Maria asked in genuine concern as she came over to check on them. Tony turned them enough to stop her from touching Steve, shaking his head in a silent bid for her to keep her hands to herself. Reluctantly, she stepped back, but she couldn’t help but repeat her question. “Talk to us, sweetheart, what’s the matter?”
“His ancestry is not disclosed,” Tony replied after a few seconds of genuine searching. Then with a heavy sigh, he said, “Bruce Banner, I confess I now regret my recommendation to remove this man from his peaceful rest. His life is rife with centuries old tragedy. He deserves to be thawed for his release and a chance to live amongst us in harmony, not returned to the violence history continues to throw at him.”
After Steve first started picking up regular modeling jobs in high school, he decided to take a gap year and give modeling his full attention. College would always be there, after all, and he wouldn’t always have the connections and physique to try modeling. One year became two, and after traveling the world and meeting some of the most renown people in the industry in person, Steve had cleared off his mom’s life-long debt and bought them a modest but comfortable two bedroom apartment in Greenwich.
Tony couldn’t breathe. His eyes had rolled back and his back arched deeply to push his ass up for Steve, presenting it to him like a gift. Steve kept his ass spread and his hole exposed, but it felt like an eternity before Tony felt Steve lifting his kilt to free his cock.
“She does,” he said, but he glanced down at his own tie to try hiding his blush. Tony watched him curiously, because if Clint was the one worried at his marriage ceremony, something wasn’t right.
The tension around the man’s eyes eased as he started to smile. “Thank you,” he started to say when his phone suddenly buzzed to life in his suit pocket. He excused himself quickly to check what it was, and frowned to himself.
“You broke up with me,” Steve said slowly, still reeling from the nausea of understanding. “Because in ten to twenty years, investors might change their minds, and some people might lose their jobs?”
“No, Steve. I looked at it every way I could,” Tony promised, and his voice sounded closer and softer than before. “If my math is right, you’ll be as strong as you are now to the end. I mean—no, I didn’t, not the, uh,” he stammered, scrambling for a way to save himself for two desperate seconds before giving up with a pained groan. “Damnit, I’m sorry, Steve. I didn’t mean to—but we’re a team, remember? I’m right here - we’re all, I mean, we’re all here and we’ll figure it out together, like you always say—”
“She’s been drinking, so she isn’t pregnant,” Carol said, which Tony could back her up on - he’d been watching; pregnancy had been his guess, too.
“You aren’t going to die alone, are you?” she repeated. “Bruce found someone, I’m dating a doctor with the body of a god—”
“As soon as I come back,” Steve finished into Tony’s hair. With a last kiss, he stepped away to pull on his shirt and grab a sweater out of his bag before stepping out of the room.
He thrust his hips back into Steve’s face to get his attention. “Fuck me if you’re gonna fuck me,” he hissed with an intentional wiggle of his ass. “Six days, Steve, I need it, fuck me—”
“It’s an intentional understatement, it’s—I mean, I don’t mean that literally.” Steve leaned in so people around them wouldn’t overhear. “You’re, you look stunning, Stark. You’ve taken my breath away.”
“Someone in the lab got a new bike,” Tony told him with a big grin, “he let a whole bunch of us test drive it around the building. Steve, it was
He watched Tony stare at the photos of Steve’s progressively worsening health. He listened to Jim and Natasha explain what Tony could so clearly see evidenced in the photographs, sharing a report from Bucky outlining Steve’s declining health. He watched Tony’s shoulders hunch inward and his eyes water.
“Sauron couldn’t take it from me,” Steve mumbled in reply, never once taking his eyes away from the shimmering fish on the screen.
“We have arrived,” Tony whispered, stepping away from the ladder to give Steve room to stand. A small ledge allowed them to walk beside the sloshing river of sewage without ruining the polished shine of their boots. Aside from the ladder, there was no other light source in the tunnel.
“Captain Steven G. Rogers!” Tony snapped, and Steve immediately looked away with a pinched expression that looked far more amused than chastised. “Governor Alexander G. Pierce has only ever cared about one thing—”
With luck on their side, Tony was back in his own bed within the hour with no worse injuries than a bad bump on his head where he’d been struck in the initial attack. Steve kept his promise to stay in his little two-bedroom apartment until Bucky returned, but from the moment Rhodes allowed Tony some privacy, they were on the phone with each other again, each desperate for the comfort of the other.
Shouts of shock and surprise came from the restaurant staff, while Rhodey, Pepper, and a handful of Steve’s team poured into the room to swarm around them, and if Tony hadn’t been listening with all his soul he might have missed the
“Listen. I’m not your captain, I’m not sweet on you like she is. I don’t sugarcoat the truth for your innocent little ears. It’s been two days and you’ve got nothing to show for it. That, boys, is what we at the FBI call a classic dead-end situation.”
Tony threw up his hands and downright glowered at him. “Damnit, Steve. What do you have against Harry Potter?”
“Unbelievable. He broke the internet that day, I’m pretty sure,” Josh chuckled happily, but at a cue from Steve’s agent, Josh started pouting. “You’re kidding me, that’s our time? Are you sure? But I don’t want to go,” he complained with an exaggerated whine that had Steve laughing. “Steve, this has been really great, thank you for making the time to chat with us today! Congratulations again on both yours and Tony’s movies. And hey, maybe next time you’re in the City, we can follow up on some of this? Maybe with three of us at the table?”
“You’re quite the inspiring muse,” Tony teased in a soft whisper. “But even I can’t write that fast. Would you like to see how it begins?”
Shuri wished him luck for the day, and Tony reminded him that he loved him dearly before Lila blew him a kiss and turned off the recording.
Carefully, Steve pulled out and pushed his softening cock back into his briefs. Instead of helping to clean Tony up or pull his pants up, Steve pressed two fingers into him, finger-fucking Tony slowly through the mess of Steve’s come inside him.
“It’s been ten days. Ten days of dressing you for dates with other men. Ten days listening in on you charming them through interrogations… you don’t know how hot that makes me,” Tony whispered on a longing sigh, brushing his fingers over the buttons on Steve’s dress shirt. Thirty minutes ago, Tony had wriggled five of those bad boys free, but Steve had clearly done them back up while in hiding behind the curtain.
“Okay,” Steve agreed, hugging his clouds of cotton candy. Cotton candy was amazing, but Tony looked happy again and Steve loved him so he had to trust him.
“Let me,” Steve husked against Tony’s ear, bowing his head and scraping his teeth down the column of Tony’s throat. With an arm around Tony’s lower back and a firm grip of his thigh, Steve jerked Tony’s hips flush against his own. Instinctively, Tony thrust up with a deep purr of pleasure, delighting in how his hard cock slid against the length of Steve’s erection.
“...unless he didn’t get it,” Sam said after a beat, sitting up in his chair. “Is it too late to get an annulment?”
“Captain America, sir. The year is 2164,” Tony tried again, speaking slowly and as simply as he could. “It has been one hundred and forty seven years since you were sentenced. The reason for your early release—”
“No, nothing like that, Tony. There’s just something I need to tell you, and I’ve wanted to tell you for months but it’s never seemed like the right time—”
“Absolutely!” Jane smiled back in triumph and quickly gathered her things. “Your secret is safe with me,” she told them both quickly, “even James. I’ll see you later—have a good night!”
Without missing a beat, Tony let Steve spread himself, and with a light squeeze, he encouraged Steve to use both hands. Steve obliged without thinking, spreading his ass as much as he could, and Tony answered by diving in with newfound enthusiasm. Steve groaned against the pillow he’d been biting into, loud and deep like a wounded animal. Tony hummed in the middle of some aggressive sucking around the rim of his hole, then before Steve knew it, replaced his mouth with one slick finger.
Tony didn’t ask if he was still in touch with his friends and neighbors, because for many, it was impossible to know. Some had been forcibly relocated by the war, some had been injured and withdrawn from their former lives. Many others simply didn’t survive.
Steve squeezed Tony’s fingers to get his attention, and when that didn’t work, he scraped his teeth over the back of Tony’s hand. That finally distracted Tony from his rambling and brought his attention back to Steve.
“Breathe,” Steve reminded him gently, pumping the lubricant from his gloves further into Tony’s body with every thrust of his fingers.
“Hey, no, it’s okay. It’s the diet,” Steve reminded him, brushing his hands up the sides of Tony’s thighs. If the situation hadn’t been serious, he would have slid his hands up the backs of Tony’s legs to cup and knead his rounder, bigger, more muscular ass in the palms of his hands, but he fought back the urge to give Tony his full attention.
“Then we must hasten there, with whoever is brave enough to help in the capture of this vile criminal. He kills for pleasure, James Barnes,” Tony said gravely. “I wish him on no-one.”
Obliging as always, Bond made no attempt to quickly finish her off. He knew Tony could not mute the sound, so he retaliated, with interest. The euphoric cries and animal-like groans filled Q-branch, and Tony had every intention of leaving the rest of the office to suffer with him until Q threw a new headset at him from across the room.
On the Marchesa’s eighteenth birthday the King again extended an offer of marriage. Within a week, Maria ended the courtship of a Danish prince and ran to the young King of Machtberg. Together they saw the dawn of a new kingdom. They weathered World War II better than most European countries, safe in the shelter of the mountain and profiting wildly from the weapons Howard contributed to world history.
“Roll over, babe,” Tony told him, sitting up and widening his stance to give Steve the space to turn onto his belly while Tony straddled his body. His complaints were short-lived and superficial, and soon, Tony had freed him of the red and white jacket. He shuffled down the length of Steve’s body, sliding the elastic waistband of his bottoms down his waist, over the firm, ample curve of his ass, down his thick, strong, long thighs until he could pull them and his shoes off.
Tony perked up at once, so Steve counted it as a win until they turned to walk and Tony reached for his hand without so much as a warning. Steve froze mid-step and immediately forced down his instinct to jerk his hand out of Tony’s hand, and he even managed to smile a little.
Tony laughed at the question, and he gave Steve a look so amused and so adoring that Steve realized Tony had probably been expecting the question all week. “Thought you’d never ask,” he whispered, then, in a less teasing tone of voice, he explained. “So, we’ve observed a number of animals penis fencing in the wild, but their implication is not always clear. Like, I don’t really know why whales penis fence, because it’s hard to observe them. Bonobos do it, but bonobos just use sex for everything, so that’s usually too ambiguous even with context,” Tony said with a little shrug, because really, sex for bonobos was like oxygen.
“One eight seven,” the serene voice of the station computer reported repeatedly, with no further clarification or urgency. “One eight seven. One eight seven.”
The pets rested with their masters beside them and watched as benches were brought in to fill one half of the room. A few of the hopeful future harvesters had already trickled in to take the seats at the front. Tony dared to hope at first that there wouldn’t be so many of them, but it seemed that a large cluster of their audience turned up together in a wave of bright-eyed, bushy-tailed humanoids.
It wasn't supposed to be this way, the bullet was not meant for Tony. Pierce didn't matter, Rumlow was a pest long forgotten. All that mattered were Tony’s honey brown eyes blinking up at him, too shocked to cry the tears bright in his eyes. Desperately, Steve held Tony to his chest, and as Tony’s weight became too heavy to bear, Steve collapsed to the floor on his knees with Tony cradled and safe in his arms.
. They looked like they went on forever. His jeans hugged him in a way that drew Steve’s eye without being obscene. It didn’t matter that he hadn’t seen Tony in weeks, Steve still remembered the firm, supple strength of Tony’s thighs where he’d held him down, where his whole world had come apart and come together all at once. Where he’d held on for dear life with all his hope in sight.
Tony muffled a strangled groan against Steve’s shoulder, and his hips jerked forward, willing and eager to comply with Steve’s demands.
“I think,” Steve said eventually, then pursed his lips as he tried to talk and think at the same time. “I’ll—alright, I think I can work with that. When do we need to leave?”
“I’m not funny, Tony,” Steve admitted in a whisper. “Doing comedy and being funny are two different things, and I am not funny.”
Steve read his expression like a book, and with a roll of his eyes, he said, “Don’t give me that look, Tony. If I’ve had anything other than gyros and baklava, I’ve forgotten it.”
“You’re ridiculous,” Steve laughed, and leaned in to press his lips against Tony’s in a slow, tender kiss.
“I have you to thank for that, don’t I? Imperial College London offered me a research fellowship, two year contract. Who are you?”
“We already ate dinner, but thank you, Steve. Go wash up and make a plate before I pack it away, food’s still on the table.”
He rolled over and grabbed his phone to give Tony a call, only to realize he’d woken up so late that Tony would already be at work. And, to his surprise, there was a new video waiting for him. This one was from Tony, and judging by the angle of the initial image, Tony had taken it himself at their private dining room.
Steve took Tony by the hand and led him to northern wing of the palace where the main kitchens were. It was too late in the day for the kitchen staff to be in attendance, but after enough clanging around, a handful of the nighttime household staff joined them to help Steve raid the pantry and find the tools he needed.
“…there is so much wrong with that statement,” Clint finally said, keeping his voice low since Steve already seemed agitated enough. “You realize that whether you’re a man or a Woman, and whether he agrees to the mating or not, he will never see the child? It will be the Chief’s daughter, or the Chief’s servant if he is a boy, until he is abandoned to the wild. But if you are a man, you could choose to be with him instead of with the Chief.”
Steve fell in step beside him as Tony led the way, happy to just take in the sights and otherwise unbothered with where they ended up. He had never spent any time in London before, so he was happy to get any time roaming the city before the afternoon junket and TV spot later that night. He was taking in the fun shop signs and little specialty stores when he nearly walked into Tony.
With one hand still protectively cradled around Tony’s face, Steve accepted the one-way communicator he was given. He considered it briefly while eyeing his pet, peacefully resting with his head in Steve’s lap and Steve’s cock pillowed on his tongue. Tony was obedient and eager to please, but Steve had no way to know how Tony would react to an audience of hundreds.
“Captain Steve,” Tony amended after a beat of confusion. “Cigarettes are not good for you and it has been deemed that everything that is not good for you is bad. Illegal. Alcohol, caffeine, contact sports, red meat…”
A waiter came around with water, and Steve hid behind his new glass at first opportunity. Tony took the moment to order them two salads, the flat iron steak, and two side plates.
He rushed out of the living room and out of sight. Steve blinked at the space around him, wondering if he was meant to follow, or if Tony wanted to have sex in the living room. Somehow, Steve doubted the man was wild enough to have sex outside of a bed. But Tony hadn’t asked him to follow, so Steve tried to get more comfortable in his armchair and wait. Instead, he cupped his hands in front of his mouth to check his breath and lifted his arms to sniff at his armpits. The shower at the prison had been a rinse at best, and he hoped the stale smell of his body was only in his imagination.
Tony’s lips curved up with a smile, a private little thing that caught Steve’s attention easier than sunshine on a cloudy day. He could feel his neck warming with a blush; even if it was at his expense, Steve couldn’t help but feel a tug of primal excitement thinking that Tony was smiling about
“Our initiatives are of no worth without people such as yourself, madame,” Tony said after a brief silence. Just because he and Steve felt something was important never meant that others would see the intention behind their decisions. His heart ached with wonder and gratitude to hear Agneta talk so warmly of her experience.
Try as he might, Steve couldn’t resist rolling his eyes. He let Tony push his shirt off his shoulders, then grabbed Tony by the belt to pull him into his lap.
“Thanks to the Captain’s immeasurable valor, Crossbones is in Cryo-Prison where he is serving over a hundred and sixty consecutive life sentences. His name was Brock Rumlow, and he will never see the light of day again. I promise, Jane Foster, you have no reason to fear his villainy.”
“Fuck you. Of course I know his name, it’s, uh,” Tony coughed as his confidence wavered. “Steve. Steve Rogers.”
“Your hands,” Natasha finished for him before he cursed in front of a minor. Bucky realized his near-mistake quickly and reached for his cup of coffee instead.
But who was to say the kings deserved recognition more than the scientists and engineers who worked with Tony to advance and fund much of their kingdom’s education and medical care? These scientists were the backbone of the kingdom, as were educators and government administrators, those who offered local leadership and nurtured the future of their people. And what of the children themselves, whose own achievements and confidence were equally vital to the kingdom’s continued prosperity?
“I care for him, too,” Stephanie confessed quietly, but with a nervous excitement. “Should I tell him? Should I tell him first, or should I only ask? What if I tell him, and he tells me, but then I am—I am, I am to take the Chief as my bride, this could only be for a mating, I—”
“We don’t have enough back from the lab to start itemizing the new evidence,” Bucky said impatiently, in part because evidence already came back with clear descriptions. “What do you want us to do until then, sit at the desk and guard our emails?”
“Coke, no ice,” Steve repeated dutifully, then shuffled down the aisle to go get it for him. He ran up the stairs, down the hall (and god, why was there a line?), and when it was finally his turn, and he had finally paid, and the old man behind the counter asked if he’d like a straw with the drink, the buzzer rang throughout the stadium.
Steve said something under his breath, but came back to the bench eventually and clicked and scrolled around to appease her, until something genuinely caught his eye. He stopped, his fingers hovering over the mousepad like a predator at the ready. Carefully, he glanced at Sharon without turning his head as if to see if he’d been caught, but she was too busy pretending to check her nails to let him know she was watching like a hawk.
I can't remember where this particular verse came to life, but I imagine sabrecmc was to blame for at least part of it (and by blame, I mean woke up and read it in the Tumblr chat box, most likely). Excuse the formatting, also: I've tried to clean it up, but this story began mostly in conversations and on Imzy comment boxes. So at best, it's a story told in broad strokes. I hope you enjoy it all the same!
With Tony pinned and his weight partially braced against the wall, Steve had a moment to switch his grip, looping both arms under Tony’s thighs. He let one of Tony’s leg hang over his arm to the side, but he pushed the other up over his shoulder, leaving Tony in a natural spread.
Tony was almost out the door when all that he had seen caught up with him. Slowly, he retraced his steps, and sure enough, there was Steve. In an alcove typically reserved for families with big strollers, blankets and big, firm cushions had been laid out for Steve and Seamus to treat visitors and staff alike.
“I’m just—just humor me here, okay?” Tony pleaded in undertone. Distantly, in the background of the call, Steve could make out loud voices and quiet music, and all at once Steve could picture Tony so clearly, worried and hiding away in the corner of some bar to make this call.
Steve considered the man’s dilemma as he enjoyed the rest of his Sno Ball. He’d never been a father, but he could understand the impulse to protect them at all cost. He couldn’t imagine his ma stopping at anything to make him happier and safer, even as an adult.
It took some time, but Steve shuffled closer and leaned into Tony’s arms after a stretch of silence. He still wouldn’t let go of his ears.
“Agneta, I bring you supper. May I enter?” Tony said to announce himself, holding the platter of food and water in front of him.
Tony pulled the cruiser into a small lot attached to a tall, glossy building full of overhanging greenery, small waterfalls, and spacious balconies. There were only four open parking spaces in front of the building, and Tony pulled into one seemingly at random. Steve watched as the steering wheel retracted into the dashboard, and as they made their way onto the curb, the parking spot smoothly separated from the rest of the pavement and sunk underground, carrying the car to an unseen parking facility beneath them while another slab of pavement moved into place to expect the next resident’s conveyance vehicle.
. It sounded suspiciously like Bucky, and it reminded him that Tony had the slim average build of the figure in the hoodie, and a lead detective meeting suspects alone in private was a definite no-no. The letters Tony identified had only led to dead ends that, in retrospect, had wasted a lot of man hours. If Bucky was right and Tony was a suspect, integrating himself into the investigation at this level would be indescribably advantageous. Even without his intellect, a man like Tony Stark could already have enough insight to get away with his crimes. The last thing Steve should do was meet with him alone at a location where Tony had every advantage.
reference one of my books, would you let me use that username? As inspiration, of course,” he clarified with a straight expression - or what passed for a straight expression when one was still giggling and wiping tears away.
Chris, poor soul, was already turning red from embarrassment, or perhaps from the effort to repress his laughter. It was hard to tell which; Tony liked to think it was the latter.
With a quick pivot and a firm push, Steve switched their positions so that he would stand between Tony and the oncoming threat. The thundering sound of feet rolled towards them through, casting against the tunnel walls echoing and surrounding them until Tony was sure it was his own heartbeat rattling in his ears drowning out the world.
But then next morning Steve would again wake up to find he was alone. Tony had snuck out of bed in the morning before Steve got up. And all in one breath, Steve's heart would sink, devastated to again lose Tony without so much as a chance to beg him to stay. He’d be so busy with his own racing thoughts that he wouldn’t realize Tony was sitting on the bedroom floor behind the nightstand, hunched in on himself and mostly hidden by it. Because here they go again, him and his feelings for Steve, and Steve still had a fight next week. He'd have to stand there and stomach watching Steve beaten down to god knows what state again.
the puppies,” he shot back, and while Karl hid his red face behind his cards, Georgie took her cue and read off the next question.
“Don’t,” he mumbled with a faint grain in his voice and long trails of saliva connecting his lips and chin to Steve’s cock. “Keep your hands above your heart, remember? Keep them relaxed, do that for me?”
“Any, uh. Tony, do you have time for drinks or, or grabbing a bite to eat? There’s something I want to talk to you, uh. Something I want to talk to you about.”
“Que lindo eres, Star-Lord, you’re so handsome,” Tony promised the little dog who was absolutely insistent on licking Tony’s ears. “I—hey! Easy there, baby,” he said as he tried to corral the dog. Steve again reached out to help, but Tony quickly hugged the boxer closer to his chest before Steve could scoop this one away, too, and end up with
work. My place is here, at your side. What is left to be done?” he asked in the end, needing to get Tony thinking practically to help him think clearly.
Tony smiled back, warm and genuine. And then, he started grinning and shaking his head, as if confounded by some thought. By the time the car arrived, Tony had turned from Steve and was giggling to himself with his hands over his face.
His best friend. It was the only name the Captain choked out. Tony averted his eyes, unable to watch the tears welling up in his eyes.
The next thing he knew, Steve felt the edge of Bucky’s bed bump against the back of his thighs. He controlled the fall by sitting with Tony in his arms, but while Steve was careful of where he placed his hands, Tony wasn’t. He pushed forward before Steve settled, pushing him off balance and rolling them into bed with Steve’s body draped over Tony’s and their lips were inches apart.
“Captain Steven G. Rogers, step away from the benevolent Governor Alexander G. Pierce this minute,” Fury said again. Steve had nothing left to say, and with a final pitying look, he turned on his heel and walked away before he gave in and strangled the man with his bare hands.
Every slide of their lips grew hungrier, more needful, until Steve’s tongue and his teeth had chased all awareness of the world around them from Tony’s thoughts. When Steve pulled off to suck and nibble his way down Tony’s chest, his abdomen, Tony could only whimper for breath and claw at Steve’s shoulders.
was loud and Tony’s answering moan of satisfaction was immediate. Steve could feel the tension building in his own body, a flustering heat coiling somewhere deep and filthy within him.
There was a brief pause on the other end. “A little jealousy is fine,” Tony said in such a staunch attempt at innocence that his tone circled back around to mischievous. “If it’s about me, it’s okay.”
“Did you make a decision yet, did you sign on?” Tony wondered as he took a sip of his drink. Steve had used that particular strategy of hiding his excitement many times before, and he had to smile to see Tony mirroring it back at him in a time like this.
“That sucks,” Bucky observed, then with a solemn expression he looked across at Steve. “Sorry to hear that, Stevie.”
,” both Tony and Bucky said pointedly to each other before realizing what had happened. They frowned at each other and gave Steve a withering look.
Josh paused for a moment, then quietly picked at the one word that had stood out most. “When you say ‘we,’ you are referring to…”
On one unassuming Thursday night in December there was a standard FedEx envelope in the mail addressed to Tony. The envelope looked like it had travelled the country - to Los Angeles, to Malibu, to Manhattan, to the rental on Seaport Blvd., until finally it found him at his new condo in Cambridge.
“Bring me Rhodes. Best friend or not, he is not to disobey the king,” he told Bucky quietly. He left Bucky to his task and turned back to thank the members of the mayor’s staff who were currently working to receive donations when the teenager who had donated his childhood books approached Steve again.
Tony had the decency to look contrite. He cleared his throat delicately, bracing himself for making the necessary confession. “I wasn’t lying when I said I really,
‘Reveal him by hand,’ he explained. Expose him by active force, lay him bare to the scrutiny of his audience.
“Yes, he did! And with style, even. He’s set a whole new bar for human speed - and I know, you, Channing, you’re very excited to meet him?”
He glanced to his right and found Steve still sleeping on his side of the bed. In the privacy of his own home, Steve was a different sight to behold than he was in public. Out in the world, a hair was never out of place; his clothes, his shoes, and his accessories were striking and elegant. With his manicured hands and his perfectly styled hair, he looked more like a model stepping off the cover of GQ than an average man in the real world.
“Do you dream of me, James?” she purred, eyeing him with wanton interest. “Or am I just another woman destined to repent in your arms?”
Hesitation.  Wariness and some other, fleeting thing darkened those bright blue eyes for a second as they flickered over Tony, took in his clothing, his wheelchair, and returned to his face.  "Are you sure?  I don't want to intrude."
But it turned out that Howard, once she’d bullied her way in to confront him, hadn’t known anything about the hostile takeover.  He’d known that Tony was missing, of course, and said he had ‘his best guy on it’ (the memory of those words still made her spitting mad,) but as to her accusations, all he’d said was that he would talk to someone in legal about it and get back to her.
“That the tracking report on Rogers?”  Fury cut in, eyeing the tablet, which showed a rough map grid, a red dot, and a set of coordinates.  She nodded, and he stepped back abruptly, the door’s wide swing equal parts invitation and command, and all over drama.  Still, she followed him in and shut the door -- it wasn’t like anyone at White Star HQ was in the dark about the Missing Rogers Problem, but there was a good chance there would be yelling involved in this particular report, and nobody liked an audience for a telling off.
"That depends on how much a person thought they knew about Brooklyn in the 40's,"  the other man offered mildly.
“Sorry Tony,”  Steve said as he rolled his chair around to the reading corner, “I didn’t mean to snoop, it’s just I couldn’t sleep anymore.  I usually go for a run around now, but, well.  And when I went into your kitchen to see about some coffee, your lamp kept throwing these flyers at me.”
"Or to have your location triangulated via that cell service tower over there,"  Tony agreed, smug and sly as he stole a kiss.
than just a genuis who’d be good at making things explode.  He hadn’t realized quite how much he’d come to love the boy until he was suddenly gone -- banished to the wilds of Boston and MIT, and no longer a balance in the household against Maria’s subdued depressions and Howard’s increasingly abrasive ambitions.  And then, finally... well.
Tony nipped at Steve’s ear, not the soft lobe, but up high, where the cartilage resisted his teeth.  The sudden pain of it shocked Steve’s equivocation silent even as it made his cock lurch and drip precome over Tony’s knuckles.  And wasn’t
Tony's thumbs rubbed at Steve's temples, his fingers flexing and curling against his scalp in a pattern that was at once soothing, and confusingly arousing.  "It's just I."  Tony shook his head, huffed a laugh.  "With you... all your..."  he freed one hand to take in Steve, knee to crown in one fluttering gesture.  "Look, I know we've both got our secrets here, and it's not like either one of us is expecting a ring out of this deal, but I need... um."  he laughed again, rueful as he leaned close to press their foreheads together and murmur, "I'd like to know your name first."
Barnes takes twelve minutes in the resale shop.  Not that Phil was timing him, of course, it’s just that
“It’s adorable how you say that like it’s a good thing, not the end of the night’s fun,”  Tony smirked, lifting his cock away from his belly and rubbing the head along the soft, open swell of Steve’s lips.  “I’ll tell you what you get when I want you to have it, gorgeous.  Till then, you just enjoy yourself and leave the planning to me.”
But it didn’t seem fair to lay the price of all that on Steve Rogers’ head either.  After all, he hadn’t asked anybody to do it.
a socially challenged science nerd would- oop!”  She yelped a little and grabbed the doorjamb as her shoe skidded on something just at the threshold.  Pepper bent to pick it up, prepared to gripe at Tony’s housekeeping, but instead of being a stray receipt or scribbled class note, the paper she’d slipped on turned out to be a tidy little envelope, sealed at the back, and with Tony’s name written on the front in an elegant cursive hand.
to the Center.  I’m not taking any of your money for me, because despite evidence to the contrary,” and here he gestured grandly to the cluttered, mismatched, shabbily well loved wreck that was his living space, “I have all the money I need.  Are we clear, Mister Big Bucks?”
And of course, when they put it that way, James found the idea of going politely back to sleep even less probable.  The dangers of Hydra, its entanglement in SHIELD, these were nuances he understood, and could navigate like a shark in cold waters.  The idea that something as mundane as corporate maneuvering could be what finally did Steve Rogers in?  That was just insulting.
Rogers grinned again, meaner this time.  “Colonel Phillips told us Howling Commandos on our second mission out that we were officially off the books, and if we got killed or captured in the field it was officially not his problem.” Rogers’ jaw bunched at the end of the word, flattening that smile just enought to tell what a strain it was for him not to glance Barnes’ way.  “I’m used to running without a safety net, Colonel.”
The whole of the White Eagle's Saturday night crowd lost its everloving mind and began to scream in unison at the revelation of the coveted Last Name, and yeah, point to Mr. Thursday, because it was nearly a quarter of an hour before Tony could so much as look at that gorgeous face and the merry hell sparkling in those eyes, without breaking into giggles.
Phil led the way to a secluded table with good sightlines.  Barnes followed, bringing the vodka.  Once they’d settled, Barnes poured himself another shot and asked, “How did you find out?”
“You wouldn’t?” Steve pretended to be disappointed.  That was an awfully big gun for a hand as small as hers, especially with the added weight of that silencer hanging off the end.
"They need a dancing monkey, they'll get a dancing monkey."  Steve shaped the defiant snarl in his head into hollow whispers, air barely a tickle over his lips.  "Don't much matter who the monkey dances with on his own dime."
“Know her?”  Clint laughed, and slipped the bagels into the toaster oven.  “Hell, man, I’ve shot her twice, this year alone!  How the hell did you corner her alive?”
But Steve shook his head at once, so earnest you could break a tooth on him.  “No, because you've thrived,” he said. “It's different.  These robots, the chair, the Center. All the things you’ve done, created, to make your life work the way you want it to.”
“Oh ho, tricky, going for the two-part answer,” Tony crowed, trying and failing to poke Steve in that ticklish spot under his ribs again.  He settled back against the arm of the sofa when Steve fended him off, and let his face relax into sobriety.
Steve winced and glanced down, like he'd forgotten what was on his feet, then he cut that glance over Tony's hand, weighted with something tentative and shy, and goddammit, how was that even fair?  "Come on, Captain," Tony urged, leaning over to grab for the man's sleeve and tug.  "Prove you can follow orders, and get up here!"
Barnes swore softly in Russian, and Clint was pretty sure all four of them were imagining having to turn over Stark Industries, the mansion, and all of White Star’s operating capital to a man who already had his reasons for hating his father, but might just be under HYDRA’s, thumb as well.  Clint stole a glance at the acting Director, to see how he was handling the idea, but there were too many moving parts in that one-eyed scowl for him to make it out.
was the interesting one, and Captain America no more than an amusing resemblance... that had woken the hungry, lonely thing inside him that Steve had never been any good at talking sense to.  Made it snarl and claw and rattle its cage to get at what it wanted -- what it had wanted for as long as Steve could remember.
Phil gave him a level look.  “So Rogers just came...” he took in the club with a handwave “here to be alone?”
Now it was Steve's turn to laugh.  "Now who's got performance issues?" he goaded, digging out his wallet and flipping it open.  "Steve Rogers is my real name," he said, and watching Tony's mouth drop a little bit open as he peered at the misleading details, he had to add, "I hope this isn't a deal killer."
And then, of course, he had come to love young Tony better.  The son he’d so dearly wished he and Ana could have had, a brilliant child, merry at bizarre times, somber at others, sensitive and courageous, and so very much
As always, thanks for the comments!  I know you don't have to, but I'm glad for those of you who take the time!
Steve’s long arm reached around him, over his bicep and across his chest to pluck the cup from its saucer, and bring it past Tony’s ear for a sip.  It was like he was a doll, or a child.  Or a wiry, whip-thin nerd who’s spent most of his childhood building computers instead of playing outside, and now had the body to prove it.  And a hard-on that felt like he could use it to pound nails through concrete, too. Tony was never going to stop being freaked out by how incandescently
The barkeep gave Barnes a long, and searching look.  Then he huffed through his beard, shook his head, and said, “I trust him farther than  I do you, cupcake,” as he turned back for the bar.
Steve shifted uncomfortably, but held his gaze when he looked up at last.  “I wouldn’t.  Not if you really didn’t want me to help, I promise.  It’s just that if a place like this had been here in New York when I was a kid, I’d have-”
At which Tony clucked his tongue regretfully and said, "Performance issues.  Y'know, one in five men..."  Then he was laughing through the silencing kiss, and staggering along as Steve forcibly marched him away from the sofa and into the open door of the bedroom.  The walking chair manouvered elegantly, even backward, and if not for the solid framework around Tony's hips, and the soft whine of servos activating with each step, Steve might almost have forgotten it was there.  Almost.  It did offer really fantastic hand grip options, after all.
, because that’s really not it at all, I swear, it’s just that, well Tony, you’re building something good here.  You’re making people’s lives
He could feel the smile twist against the side of his neck as Steve set his broad, hot hands on Tony’s hips and rumbled, “Is it cool enough yet… what?”
"Tony,"  Steve winced at the blurt, and looked hastily around the cafe.  But nobody was looking at him, and nobody new had come into the place in the three minutes it had been since the last time he'd scanned for Hydra, Shield, or those agents Peggy's aide had assigned to 'escort him' wherever he went.  He took a breath.  "I was trying to reach Tony Carbonell."
Her face went tense, worried, and she edged toward the wall nervously.  “What about it,” she began, leaning to steal a glance for herself.
She cut a glance at the noise of offended disbelief Barton made, but managed not to smirk as she nodded toward the bandaged hand.  "They're also recommending that anybody exposed to them should probably get rabies shots, just to be sure."
him?  Like, at all?  Because the Steve Rogers I remember woulda been on the six o clock news for punching a corporate asshole in the kisser if he’d give him any lip.”
"Avoiding,"  Tony prompted, skeptical. "So someone doesn't know it's over?"  And yeah, that was a test, because the very
“Relax,”  Natasha sighed, and tossed the blankets over him.  “Nobody’s insulting his manhood.  They’re just nervous about SI.  Until they figure out the link between Stark’s son disappearing and Stane going AWOL in Afghanistan, the analysts are gonna be jumping at shadows over there.”
“Well, I’m not all that hard to find,”  Fury replied, helping himself to one of the workshop chairs.  “Just look for the idiot making the biggest pile of trouble, and I’ll generally be there kicking his ass for it.”
"My tribe,"  Steve grinned, positively wicked for an instant, then his gaze slipped past Tony's shoulder as Somboon came up to the table, his apron in his hand, and an apologetic smile on his face.  This time it was Steve who yanked his hand back.
She couldn’t quite keep the skeptical look off her face.  “Sure, assuming they use computerized inventory tracking software, and I can figure out which one, but this address is in Brooklyn, sir.  Hipsters kinda have this ironic love affair with all things crusty and low tech, so I’d give even odds on this place’s books being, like, actually in
"It wasn't my back,"  Tony was usually better at letting silence wear itself out, but with his nerves singing and adrenaline charging through his chest, the urge to babble was irresistible.  "You're too damn polite to ask, but I know everybody wonders why I'm in the damn chair."
And Hill answered, “Sir.” in a way that somehow translated into ‘I could go on, but I figure I’ve dug myself deep enough for now.’
“Oh, don’t worry about that.  The Widow’s on her way,”  Clint said, and as though summoned by the power of her handle alone, Natasha appeared at the kitchen door with three operatives and an analyst behind her.  “She’ll take care of the interrogation, and you and me can take care of breakfast.”  Clint didn’t tell Rogers that breakfast was also going to be a debriefing, but from the knowing look in that blue eye, he figured he wouldn’t have to.
He turned the phone in answer, showed the bartender his favorite shot of Steve Rogers.  It had been one he’d taken himself, immortalizing the wonder and awe that had spread across the man’s face the first time he got a look at Times Square in all its neon glory.  It was a gorgeous shot, Rogers’ eyes wide as the sky, his lips up-tilted, slightly parted, neither gape, nor grin, but something of both.
three hours ago,"  Natasha growled the correction deep in her throat, as though the fact offended her.  Nick hoped to hell it did offend her, because it sure as fuck offended
“Oh thank God!”  The words escaped him in a rush, and he found himself rather glad that Maria’s stone was so high, as it afforded him a convenient prop when his knees went a little weak.
“I guess I was,” he said, leaning into the arm of the sofa and shoving a pile of student workbooks off to make room beside him.  “When it all came down to shell casings, being mad just didn't have the staying power it had when my whole world was parental drama and corporate combat.”  He reached out a mute invitation to Steve, who immediately shifted from the recliner to the sofa, leaning warm and solid against Tony’s side, as if he’d always belonged there.
She shrugged, glowering.  "It was a big crowd.  Panicking mobs are stupid, dangerous, and impossible to navigate.  He took advantage of that."
There was only honest admiration in those blue eyes, perhaps a bit of gratitude as well, and Tony found it more than a little bit surprising how deeply that warmed him, how quickly it disarmed the stinging words that usually rose to his tongue when someone wanted to tell him how well he was getting along.   He sighed, turned his chair and hauled himself out of it, and into the sofa with a sigh.  “I guess I got all my screaming at God done early on,” he said as the silence stretched out long between them.  “Three months with the Ten Rings, and another three healing up from their tender mercies in a dirt poor village where everyone was hungry and scared, and nobody had more than ten words of English, but they took care of me anyway,”  Tony laced his fingers together, flexed them against each other to quell the jittering urge.  “That makes you figure out pretty quick whether you're glad to be alive, or mad about it.”
Then he hung up, steamed and frustrated and entirely too inclined toward feeling sorry for himself.  But no, just... no.  Tony Carbonell was a real name, and he'd given Steve a real number to reach him, and a man didn't bother with that if he wasn't open to at least an invitation.  Steve Rogers had fought his way past 5 different army doctors with their red 4F stamps, past Gilmore Hodge and Chester Phillips and two hundred USO shows to get what he wanted!  He wasn't about to let one nosy old secretary stop him going for it now.
“No.”  Tony gave Steve’s hair a quelling yank, and answered his confusion with a filthy grin.  “That’s for me, not you.”
“I already did the surface check on the place,” she went on.  “Three year old lease; building owner’s been living on site since the 80’s; neither she nor the shop owner have any obvious ties to known Hydra or Shield affiliates.  I think it really is a used clothing store.”
your damned business, but you're kind of scarily perceptive, and you'll probably guess the rest anyway if I don't, so can we just go ahead and get this part over with?"  He was shouting again.  Well, not shouting, no, but speaking loud enough that the conversational din from the other few tables in the tiny restaurant quieted around them.  He forcibly held Steve's gaze and did
“But if he ever thought his son was taken alive, why didn’t Howard put any White Star resources to work finding him?” Rogers asked, with the air of someone who couldn’t quite believe nobody had asked that question before.
Tony grinned at that, and lifted one hand in invitation.  “That’s all I’m after here,” he said as Steve let himself be reeled in and settled, warm and close, and
“God, look at how perfect you are,” Tony’s breath ruffled the fine hairs at Steve’s ear, his lips close enough to brush along the curl of flesh there, and send shivering fire coursing down Steve’s skin.  “Will you let me see you, Steve?  Will you take those clothes off and let me see all of you?”
“It's worth the wait.  You should totally make those assholes take you for Carribbean sometime,”  Tony said without thinking, then mentally kicked himself as he watched the mirth bleed out of Steve’s eyes in two seconds flat.  They'd been soldiers.  Of course they'd been soldiers.  And soldiers die.  And other soldiers have to live on without them.
the wounds that had broken him... There was a very good chance that Tony had lost his goddamned mind, along with every single protective instinct he’d ever had.  But he did it anyway, and Steve's gentle reverence as he complied took his breath away as a reward for the simple trust.
Fury let the silence hang for a long moment after Hill finished speaking.  Then he tipped his head a little to the side, and regarded his deputy over the steepled point of his fingers.  “You done?” he asked.
“Look.”  That was Barnes, Brooklyn born and bred, and uncomplicated as the vodka in his fist.  “He’s my brother,” he said to the bartender, with just a hint of loss haunting the word.  “I just wanna know; if he didn’t leave alone, do you trust the person he left here with?”
And oh look, there went the core muscles.  And his still slightly bruised thigh muscles.  And his belt-striped glutes. And some deeper muscles that had nothing whatsoever to do with climbing a rope, but a lot to do with really wanting to climb a stone cold hearted, cruel as ice and twice as lickable smartass, toppy jock right where he stood…
Steve snickered and shook his head.  "You really wanna put that thing on, don't you?" he asked, clear eyed and not wobbly at all as he shot the rest of his drink and capped the now-empty bottle.
“It ain’t like that!” Barnes shoved forward, jittering inside his skin the way he sometimes did when the pre-war memories were winding him up, making him forget where he was and who he had become.  “It ain’t runnin off on your lonesome so’s nobody knows where to find you!  It ain’t jumpin outta a plane an kickin your way into a place without backup!  It’s different!  You can’t just-”
intended to chase the guy off, it's just something in the stubbornly defensive tone got Tony's back up quicker than any 'friendly drink' with his old man, God damn his soul, had ever done.
Clint leaned out over the handrail and scanned the floor below to be sure Rogers was still down there going through Howard’s desk and files.  Then he settled back against the big robot arm he’d found up here in the graveyard of half-finished ideas, and replied to the question James hadn’t asked as well.
Pepper wanted to shout, to pound the table and sweep the papers, the cheap laptop, and the remains of their lunch to the floor.  She’d tried to fight it.  Even with Tony missing and maybe dead, and Ivan unravelling inside his skin from the stress, Pepper had tried with all her might to keep Stark Industries from swallowing ARC Energy Solutions.  She’d tried everything she could think of, even the very last thing either of her partners would have wanted her to resort to.
“Other than that,” Tony went on as he began to work down the buttons of his shirt, “It only bothers me when I do parkour.”  Steve opened his mouth to ask what the heck parkour was, but Tony pressed a gentle finger over them first.  “So to answer the question you probably meant to be asking, yes, you may touch my legs.  It won’t hurt me.  In fact...” he lay back suddenly, used his elbows to hitch himself fully onto the bed, and then turned to regard Steve like a brazen, beautiful Odalisque.  “I strongly endorse the idea of you touching my legs, as well as whatever other parts of me as might strike your fancy.”
“I’m used to him this way,”  Phil answered, putting his phone away and standing.  “I don’t suppose you can do a French 75, can you?”
The girl lay stunned and blinking at the sky when Steve reached her, only weakly resisting as he pried open her jaw and ran a knowing finger along her back teeth.  But all her teeth were her own, none weak and ragged and filled with cyanide.  A contractor then; a remora hoping for an in with the big sharks, which he found rather sad, despite his relief that she wouldn’t necessarily draw a lot of notice when she didn’t open her shop on time today.
"Follow orders?"  Steve laughed, but let himself be drawn up onto the sidewalk at last,  "And here I thought you knew all about Captain America."
“I know,” Tony smirked.  “But I figure my aura of mystery can probably take it.  Now choose wisely, young Padawan!”
“By the time we caught any slack,” Fury went on, “they were already digging out the terrorist camp and naming the dead hostages by their dental records and finger prints.  It was over, and we were just too late.”
It was then that Steve threw his shoe at her, clipping her hard across the temple as he flung himself backward in a roll.  The gun thudded once as she fell, but then he heard it skitter across the tar-paper and clack to a stop by the brick ledge.
“Bring that here,”  Tony demanded, meaning both the cock, and the condom that Steve was unwrapping, and with no more hesitation than a quizzical glance, Steve obeyed. Then it was his turn to gasp, swear, and hang on tightly as Tony proved to himself that he did remember the trick of putting on a condom hands-free.  Most of the way, anyhow.  He was definitely not at the right angle to try getting his lips all the way down on Steve’s gracious plenty.  Still, the tremble in Steve’s thighs as Tony finished the job with his fingers was reward enough for his effort.
Steve gave a one-sided shrug.  “Sometimes.  I don’t like it outside of this though.” another glance at the bedroom door made his meaning plain.  “I mean, when strangers or acquaintances won’t use my proper name it bothers me.  Had my fill of cute names when I was a kid, you know?”
"This is Captain America we're talking about here,"  Barton said, fiddling with the knotted gauze.  "This is the guy who took the serum without knowing whether it would  kill him or not, and this is the guy whose very first combat experience was when he went AWOL on a solo rescue mission
Rogers kept that smile on though, and folded his hands on the desk in front of him.  “Well, if I’m going to be held publicly accountable for what White Star does,” he said in a far-too-reasonable voice, “then I figure I ought to know what White Star is actually up to.  He can tell you I’m no good at making up lies on the fly,”  Rogers tipped a nod to Barnes.  “But give me a bit of fair warning, and I can make you think a house fire’s a candle in the wind.”
Ah.  So her ‘keep still and pretend to be as inscrutable as Coulson’ act hadn’t worked.  Okay.  Maybe May would be a better one to emulate in the future.  Daisy coughed, fidgeted a little, and then reached out to accept the tablet from his hands.  “I think thaaaat maybe if you told Rogers you had that kind of faith in him, he might feel a little more okay about what you need him to do?  Like, if he thought that White Star needed him for more than just going to meetings, and writing out the checks, and shaking hands with important people, he might not feel so much like running away?”
Phil hastily turned the radio off.  “Didn’t find the clothes?” he asked as Barnes slid into the seat and buckled up.
“Ready to show me what you’re made of now?”  Tony asked, tracing with his fingers the quivering tapestry of muscle that made up Steve’s abdomen.
“Shit,”  he blurted as Steve looked away, smile frozen in place.  “Shit, I’m sorry, Steve, I didn’t think.”  He reached across the table, snagged Steve’s hand and held on.
“Mr. Barton?” The immediate reply shook off the last of Clint’s sunbaked doze, and shocked him upright as Captain Steve Rogers leaned out of the window and squinted grinning up at the gate camera.  “Sorry to bother you, but could you buzz me in?  I need to drop something off before I head uptown.”
“That’s it,”  Barnes agreed.  “Alone coming in.  Alone going out.  Every time.”  He poured another shot then, and cut his eyes at the barkeep, who was approaching with a single, very full champagne flute balanced on an old tin tray.
“This isn’t a good way back,” Barnes said after several minutes.  The Russian winter had crept back into his voice, and the drape of his hair masked his face, but Phil knew that Barnes’ eyes would be moving quick, taking in every detail, analyzing every possible threat.
“They're good things though,”  Steve said, nodding toward the abandoned flyer.  “I looked the Center up online, read what’s on your website while I waited for you to call.  This is good work you’re doing here.  Important work.”
It could be nothing, but if Tony was a betting man, he’d never bet against Natasha’s instincts. If it caught her attention, it was as good as a red flag for him. “Send me his details, I’ll run it through flight records. Won’t take five minutes.”
“Flattering angles, good filters,” she said, counting off the three hallmarks of online dating pictures. “And when all else fails: Photoshop.”
But when Steve glanced his way, Tony saw the fear in his eyes, a haunted, hunted look he hadn’t seen in decades. This wasn’t about something Steve had seen or heard, this was about something Steve
“Hey,” Tony said, apropos of nothing and visibly distracted. Carol glanced at him to see if any coherent words would follow.
“You can’t even hear how entitled you are, can you?” Tony said after a long beat of silence, his voice lowered and his lips curled back in distaste. “You can’t even ask me to forgive you, you demand that I forgive you.”
This time, Tony clapped him on the head with the menu loud enough for the couple two tables over to turn their heads. Steve laughed and cursed under his breath, trying to grab the menu out of Tony’s hands, but Tony held it out of reach and poised for another smack.
He pulled a short woman with a spear off of Tony, punched her in the face, and tossed her aside. “Tell me.”
“Yeah, I am,” Tony shot back, a paragon of maturity. “He’s actually at the bar with his friends, we’re getting together later tonight. It’s really new still,” Tony added quickly, “or I’d introduce you.”
“And this is fucking delicious,” Clint announced around eager mouthfuls of turnips. “You gotta give me the recipe to this, it’s so much better than anything Tony ever made.”
“Steve’s right,” Pepper agreed in a gentle tone, and she rubbed soothing circles over Tony’s back. The intimacy of her casual touch stung somehow, but Steve cleared his throat and pushed past it the best that he could. This was new, like everything else about a relationship was new, and he would deal with it. More importantly, this wasn’t about him.
” Tony whispered dramatically before turning to the audience with his most charming smile. “Guys, come on: wouldn’t you rather see one of your own, a true Irish-Irish, face off against this American Irish mutt?” Tony asked them, happily throwing Steve under the bus since Steve clearly was not on his side.
Five of the jets were finished with the traditional steel grey, designed with Tony’s unrivaled stealth technology to help them navigate unseen and undetected by any contemporary technology. The last plane was gilded red and gold, and it carried the king. It was unmistakable and designed to be visible from the air and from the ground, even by the naked eye.
“I can’t deny I look forward to the honeymoon sex, Tony,” Steve whispered, his words too intimate even in the privacy of Tony’s apartments. “But what I am most looking forward to is spending this time with you, alone. Nothing needs to change between us, but if we take that step, I want it to be because you’re excited about it, alright? You don’t need to think about whether it will hurt. I want to bottom.”
“What’s taking so long?” Tony wondered for the tenth time in half as many minutes. He hovered in the middle of everything, either too hungry or too curious to care that he was in the way. “Is that chicken salad?”
“Before you, it had maybe been eight months? Ten months? It’s not as easy when your mother’s a queen. I would only pursue women, because it’d be big news if I didn’t - and they kept introducing me to thin women. That made it difficult for me. They reminded me of the mothers who starved so their children could eat, the captives we found, and it messed with my head. Then on top of that, when I did go home with someone all I could think about was, what did they want from me? Title, connections? Fame? I was so distracted about it, you wouldn’t believe how lousy I was in bed.”
“I like kissing you,” Steve murmured, chasing Tony’s lips with a mischievous grin. Tony laughed quietly, pushing back against Steve gently, and continued to push until Steve gave in and rolled onto his back again. But when Tony didn’t follow through and slot his lips over Steve’s to resume the kiss, Steve whined before he could stop himself.
Steve didn’t know. He knew what worked for him, and he didn’t mess with it. He also didn’t want to know what Tony was talking about, and he especially didn’t want to know about it while the movie was rolling.
The brothers took Steve to Maria’s formidable cupboard of cleaning supplies. Steve stared at it with palpable envy.
“You have studied the history and language of our country for months, but should a king not also know his people? A wise man once told me so, regrettably I have forgotten his name… perhaps if he left his home more often,” Tony lamented with a dramatic sigh that left Steve helplessly facepalming. “Ah, of course, the Hermit King. Lo, he was so handsome! Now he stews in his mantle of cobwebs. So lonely now that he no longer allows his faithful husband to polish his crown, his very large, heavy—”
Steve’s smile scrunched with impish delight, flashing a possessive, mischievous grin that left little to the imagination. “Damn right I do.”
“You gotta give me a key, man,” Tony scolded him quietly, and Steve couldn’t help but smile. For an actor, Tony was shit at hiding his emotions. “I will personally break into your apartment and murder you in your sleep tonight if you broke something.”
“We’ll go out tonight,” Tony promised, “go to the barn, have a good time, then come home and relax on the roof.”
“She’ll be here tomorrow with my lawyers,” he promised. “What else can I do, what do you need? Grumpy Cat, aren’t you going to contribute? Not a single question?”
“Tony, I’ve got some bad news,” Steve said with a quiet sigh. “Naser’s aunt hasn’t come to pick him up, so I’m staying with him until she gets here.”
But, he wanted to try. Tony often went out of his way to find ways of bringing excitement into their relationship, and the least Steve could do was try.
“Where else would I be?” Tony wondered, but he seemed more concerned with pulling down the blankets closest to Steve than hearing an answer to his rhetorical question. “Come on, Sparky, get in. Are you going to make me beg?”
He gritted his teeth and reminded himself that there was so much more at stake. Human traffickers were the scum of the earth, and Tony had to believe Bond took a carefully calculated risk.
hanging out in a small, but colorful, brightly lit room. The scattered furniture were all clearly designed for young children of various ages and sizes. All of them made Tony feel uncomfortably tall.
In the end, Steve and Tony proposed a wedding plan that began with a combined celebration of the summer solstice, spent five days recognizing the people whose work and efforts were indispensible to the kingdom, and concluded on the seventh day with their wedding. They wrote it with the expectation that their proposal would not be accepted in full. They wrote it with the understanding that it would never be so elaborate or as welcome in subsequent years.
